music of the heart written by pamela Gray shoot draft January 25 , 1999 fade in : credit over photo in a album the photo include a sepia-tone portrait of a italian immigrant family ... a b&amp ;w snapshot of roberta , a nine - year - old girl play violin in front of a refrigerator ( 1950 ) ... ... roberta and she dash italian father , hand - carve a wooden music stand ... a b&amp ;w snapshot of roberta in a communion dress ... roberta at 15 , play violin in front of the same refrigerator , eye on the music stand ... ...a color photo of two cute blonde little boy building a sandcastle on a beach ... a color photo of a groom in a white naval uniform and he pretty bride , ( roberta at 25 ) , she hand over he as they cut they wedding cake with a sword ... ...a color photo of roberta and she husband Greek dance with another couple at a outdoor taverna . roberta 's husband and the other man 's sexy wife be exchange a slight smile ... hold on this last photo as we now see the album open on the floor of a bedroom , as if it 's be toss . we be : int . guaspari household , rome , n. y. - bedroom - day ( 1988 ) woman' voice ( o.s. ) wake up , roberta ! we hear the sound of knocking as the camera pan a small , darken guest room . a few streak of daylight filter through venetian blind . woman' voice ( o.s. ) come on , bert -- get out of bed ! the camera find a woman lie face down on a twin bed , thick wavy hair sprawle across she shoulder . woman' voice ( o.s. ) please , bert -- you need to get out of that bed . the knocking continue , and she put the pillow over the top of she head . end credit int . guaspari bedroom - day the woman -- roberta guaspari -demetras ( 38 ) -- retrieve the photo album from the floor , look at a photo and remove it . she 's a beautiful woman with large , expressive eye , but right now she look like hell . she stare at the photo -- it 's the two couple dance . a quick glimpse of hurt on she face , then she jaw tighten and she rip the picture in half . there 's muffle talk outside the door , and then two young boy ' voice . boy' voice ( o.s. ) can you come out now , mommy ? please ? she put the half with she and she husband on the dresser , then tear the woman off the other half and rip she into piece . boy # 2 ( o.s. ) mommy , Nick break my crayon ! boy # 1 ( o.s. ) well , lexi hit I and he almost break ... he almost break my ear ! o.s. argue " I did not ! " " yes you did ! " " liar ! " etc . as if that one action siphon all she energy , roberta return to bed , get into fetal position , and stare at a point beyond the wall , ignore the o.s. voice . woman' voice ( o.s. ) hear that ? you boy need you . ext . guaspari house - doorway - day assunta guaspari ( 58 ) , roberta 's slender , tired italian - american mother , stand in the doorway of a well - tend work - class home , address a young naval officer who hold a lengthy delivery inventory . it 's a gray day with ominous storm cloud . late 70 's car be park on the street . assunta but I have no room for this ! officer I be sorry , m'am . we have order to deliver this . assunta look beyond the man , dismay . her Pov large wooden crate cover she front lawn , and two mover plant down another . they hurry back to the truck , grab the next crate too quickly this time . it slip from they hand , crash to the ground and splinter open . several violin case spill out . the crate look like it hold a whole lot more . back to scene instantly a second -story window be flung open , and roberta stick she head out , a hundred time more energize than we have see she so far . roberta watch it , you idiot ! be careful with that ! the man scramble to pick they up . assunta look at all the violin , then up at roberta . assunta why so many ? roberta disappear inside and slam the window shut . int . guaspari live room - day the live room be fill with box ship from Greece , label by the U.S. navy . and on the floor , in the middle of the box , be fifty violin case of various size , also with Greek and U.S. navy label . nick ( 7 ) and lexi ( 5 ) climb over the box as if they be giant block . nick ( call ) mommy , which box have we toy ? int . guaspari hallway - continuous roberta be on the phone , yell at someone . she 's still in the same ratty nightgown . roberta look , I know he 's there , so quit lie to I !... then check under lana Holden -- Mrs. lana Holden ... Fine . just tell Lieutenant demetras that he wife call and -- assunta grab the phone from she hand and hang it up . roberta ma! assunta no . I want you to listen to I . you can not keep do this to yourself -- or to the boy . they need they mother now . you be a beautiful , talented woman and you have you whole life ahead of you . roberta if I be so beautiful and talented , why do Charles leave I ? assunta because Charles be a big jerk . ( beat ) now get dress . she exit , leave roberta to mull over she word . int . guaspari kitchen - day coffee be brewing and homemade cinnamon roll be cool on a rack . we recognize the kitchen from the home movie footage . as assunta clear the boy ' breakfast dish from the table , roberta enter . she 's dress , but have not put on makeup or do much with she hair . it 's a start . roberta you really think Charles be a jerk ? assunta from the day you marry he . roberta why do not you say something ? assunta since when do you listen to I ? roberta half - smile , pour herself some coffee , then sit down at the table . roberta ( sigh , then ) what be I gonna do ? assunta first , you eat breakfast . second , you go out and get a job -- any job . you boy , god -bless -em , be good eater -- but I can not afford it . roberta mama , he 's gonna get tired of she -- you will see . assunta 's face show she 's doubtful about this . assunta well in the meantime , get a job . int . department store - gift wrap counter - rome , n.y . - day roberta be behind the counter , meticulously wrapping a present with ribbon , bow and sticker . at one point she even unty a ribbon and redoe it because it 's not perfect . she look pretty , but she 's dress conservatively , like a navy housewife . there 's only one other clerk wrapping gift and a long line of impatient customer . a male supervisor appear behind roberta . supervisor just wrap . you be not Picasso . he exit , and roberta quickly try to finish she task . male voice ( o.s. ) Picasso would probably put the bow on the back of the box . roberta look up to find brian turner ( 40 ) , a handsome , sexy guy with longish hair and a beat - up leather jacket . roberta Brian Turner ? brian hello , roberta . roberta I think you move away . brian I do . I be in town for my Mom 's birthday . he hold out he hand . roberta misunderstand the gesture and try to shake he hand . brian no -- that 's she gift . roberta ( embarrassed ) oh! sorry . roberta hand he the gift she 's be wrapping . brian it look very pretty . roberta thank you . ( beat ) I hear you have a book publish . I do not read it but ... brian that 's o.k . my parent do not read it either . it look good on they coffee table , though . roberta smile . brian so what be you do here ? I think you would be in Carnegie Hall by now . hold on roberta as she take this in . int . coffee shop - rome , n.y . - day roberta sit opposite Brian . her lunch be untouched . roberta my college professor say it be too late -- I have not have enough training to be a concert violinist . so I get a teach degree instead . brian I will bet you be a great teacher . roberta I think I be . it 's just that ... ( sigh ) see , every time I would get start somewhere , Charles would be transfer ... then I have my kid and take time off to raise they ... and then when I decide to teach again , no one would hire I ' cause you can not count on a navy wife to stick around . I finally decide I would start my own program -- Charles give I the money and I buy fifty violin from this little Greek shop -- get start at a private school and then ... brian you husband run off with you best friend . a beat . roberta she be not my " best " friend . she be a friend . ( beat ) Charles be the last person you would think would cheat on I -- he never break a rule ... ( a few beat ) I wake up one night -- it 's like one in the morning -- and he 's not in bed . I go outside and we neighbor -- this old Greek guy -- be sit out there , smoking a cigar , so I ask if he 's see my husband . " he 's take a walk with the other officer 's wife , " he say . " he take a walk every night with the other officer 's wife . " a beat as she get lose in the memory . she take a bite of a french fry . roberta God , this be cold . brian so you be just gonna wrap present and wait for he to come back ? roberta you sound like my mother . brian that 's not very sexy . roberta be you try to be sexy or be my friend ? brian a little of both . roberta smile , blush a bit . Brian look at she , get a idea . brian you know , I know this really cool lady who run this elementary school -- I write a piece on she . it 's a public school , but it 's alternative -- she might be able to create some kind of gig for you . let I give she a call . roberta great ! brian ( take he last bite of sandwich ) if she hire you , though , you have to be willing to relocate . roberta where be it ? ext . spanish harlem , new york CITY - travelling shot - day a salsa song plays over as we see store with Spanish name and sign ; Black and latino elementary school child walk home from school ; some burn - out building ; Black and latino teens play basketball on a cement court ; Spanish graffiti on wall ; elderly woman buy fruit at a produce stand . pull back to reveal this be the Pov of roberta from the back seat of a cab . the salsa song play on the cab 's radio . roberta look scared shitless . suddenly , two young men flash down the middle of the street , dart in front of the cab and the driver slam on the brake , jerk roberta forward . taxi driver welcome to East harlem . ext . central park east elementary school ( cpe 1 ) - east harlem - establishing - day int . janet william ' office - day janet william , a Black woman ( 40' ) with a kind face , sit behind she desk and look at roberta 's resume . a sign on she desk indicate that she 's the director . also on the desk be a framed picture of Janet , she husband , daughter ( 14 ) , and son ( 12 ) . roberta sit nervously in the chair opposite she . janet ( look at resume ) aside from half a term in a private school -- in Greece -- and a year teach chorus in Hawaii -- ten year ago -- it do not look like you have have any other teach experience . roberta well , not traditional teach experience . I have be do private lesson ... Janet look for this on the resume . roberta it 's not on there ... I teach my son . Janet smile politely . janet I would like to help you , Mrs. demetras . Brian speak highly of you and I tell he I would consider start a violin class ... but without the proper qualification , and without any experience in a inner city school ... roberta nod , defeat . janet I be very sorry . int . cpe 1 - hallway - day roberta stand outside Janet 's office , dejectedly watch the child noisily run through the hall . int . area outside janet william ' office - the next day roberta knock on Janet 's door . janet ( o.s. ) yes ? as roberta open the door , we see that Nick and lexi be with she . all three have violin . inside , Janet 's in conversation with dennis rausch ( 38 ) , a uptight man with a tie that do not match he suit jacket . he 's show Janet a large schedule chart . roberta I be sorry to interrupt , but I want you to meet my son -- Nick , lexi ... they enter . int . janet' office - continuous Janet smile at the boy , but clearly think roberta 's a little off . roberta hold she hand out to Dennis . roberta roberta Guaspari-Demetras . Dennis shake she hand , regard she warily . janet this be Dennis rausch , we music teacher and program coordinator . ( beat ) Mrs. demetras , do not I make thing clear yesterday ? roberta if I could just show you something -- it will only take a minute . before Janet can answer , roberta and the kid quickly take out they violin and get into position . Janet and Dennis exchange a look . dennis be we have a talent show ? I should have bring my tap shoe . roberta ignore the jab , then nod to the boy . the three of they begin a incredibly impressive violin trio , play a etude in three - part harmony . for the first measure , Janet 's still annoyed by the intrusion , but she 's quickly win over . Dennis watch impassively . roberta and the boy finish they piece ; Janet applaud and Dennis join in to be polite . the three take bow . a beat . lexi will you hire she now ? Janet laugh , then gesture for they to sit . janet how long have you boy be play ? nick since I be three . lexi ( contemplate , then ) maybe since I be three and a half . janet you mom must be a good teacher . nick ( shrug ) she 's o.k. roberta give Nick a look , but Janet smile . janet ( to roberta ) if you could teach we student to play like that , I would be thrilled , but -- roberta I can . any child can learn the violin . dennis assume they have the discipline . roberta I will teach they to have discipline . janet a lot of we parent be struggle to feed they kid and pay the rent -- they do not have time to help they learn violin . roberta they do not have to . if they can help , great -- but this kid will be commit . they will practice on they own , they will help each other in the classroom -- Dennis laugh . roberta look at he , a bit miff . dennis ( with a edge ) I think I know this student , miss demetras . they attention span do not go past do - re-mi . maybe on a good day , I can get they to " fa . " roberta you be underestimate they . they can play as well as any other kid . dennis that I would like to see . roberta you will . a beat . Janet observe the tension , then turn to roberta . janet ( to roberta ) for now I will put you down as a sub , but I have to warn you -- even if it work out , the board may not let I create a permanent position for you . roberta that 's o.k . I will worry about that later . ( with a grateful look ) thank you . we see relief -- and fear -- in roberta 's face . dennis ( to Janet ) well , I have already plan out the whole term , and I can tell you right now , there 's no room for this ! besides , where you gonna find money for violin ? roberta you need violin ? int . music room - day in a noisy music room with bad acoustic , roberta try to take control of fifty kid , third through fifth -grader , who be in a state of manic excitement over the fifty violin case on the floor . roberta ( gently ) please do not open the case , o.k .? they ignore she . roberta look , can everyone just settle down and listen to I -- please ? angle - Three girl open they case . roberta ( start to lose it ) keep they close ! please . angle - two boy open they case . roberta ( to the boy ) do you hear what I just say ? angle - Three kid be use the violin case as pretend machine gun -- and shoot each other . roberta put that down , please ! angle - a boy and a girl be have a " sword fight " with they bow . roberta ( to the fencer ) do not do that ! put the bow back in the case -- right now ! there 's the SOUND of violin string be pluck . roberta who 's pluck ? roberta wheel around to find a girl pluck she violin like a banjo , and do a little dance . this be lucy , a skinny Puerto rican girl in perpetual motion . roberta what have I be say ? put that away ! back in the case ! roberta take a breath . the kid settle down a bit . roberta o.k . thank you . that 's much better . ( take another breath ) I will be divide you into five class , but for today -- angle - a boy play " bongo " on he violin case . roberta o.k. -- that 's it ! you ! stand up ! the bongo player stand . roberta you will be the first student who will not be in my violin class . out ! the child look stunne . roberta I say out ! with a sheepish expression , he exit . the room be finally quiet -- and roberta 's amaze that something work . she puff up a little bit , enjoy the feel of control . roberta who else would like to be kick out of my class ? the student stare at she , afraid of she now . do sean , a small but tough Black boy , raise he hand . roberta be you raise you hand because you want to be kick out ? do sean yeah . roberta why ? do sean I do not wanna learn no stupid violin . it 's for wimp . roberta who tell you that ? do sean I just know . roberta what 's you name ? boy De Sean . roberta well , De Sean -- you have not give I a good enough reason , so you be stay . she look around the room . roberta anyone else ? silence . int . music room - later in front of the class , roberta help naeem , a graceful Black boy , hold the violin . he have a serious expression and a scar on he leave cheek . roberta control the bow and fingerboard , but it appear that the boy be play music . he smile . naeem hey , I play pretty good . roberta laugh . roberta ( to naeem ) see how easy it be ? ( to the class ) maybe in the spring , we could have a big concert for you family and for the whole school . ( to the boy ) what 's you name ? naeem naeem . roberta write in a notebook and we see that she 's measure for violin size . roberta ( to class ) if you listen to I and do exactly what I say , you be gonna sound beautiful at the concert and you be gonna be so proud of yourselves . ( to naeem ) good , naeem . you hand 's stay soft . ( to the class ) but if you do not listen to I , you will sound so bad that you own parent will feel sick when they hear you . they might even throw up . on the kide , not use to a teacher speak like that . int . brian apartment - live room - night a funky apartment on the Upper West side . Nick and lexi be both asleep in sleep bag on top of a futon on the floor , they suitcase nearby . Brian tiptoe past they , carry two glass of champagne . he knock on he office door . roberta ( o.s. ) come in . int . brian apartment - office - continuous roberta 's in a bathrobe and nightgown , some roller in she hair . she 's tidy up she suitcase , etc. , next to a old couch that 's be make up as a bed . leftist political book line a shelf above Brian 's desk , include copy of he own , to hell and back : interview with vietnam vets by brian turner . his desk be cover with file and book pertain to migrant worker . Brian enter . roberta ( refer to champagne ) what 's this ? brian it 's a toast . ( give she a glass , hold he up ) to roberta , who 's make it through she first week . they clink glass and drink . roberta I do not know , Brian . I be hang on by a thread there . out of fifty kid , maybe six be listen to I . brian look at the progress . do not you say no one be listen to you on Monday ? roberta laugh . roberta I really appreciate all you have do for we . and I promise -- this weekend I will start look for a place . brian there 's no rush . roberta no , we have put you out enough . you be suppose to be write , not babysit for we . ( cross to he desk , flip through he Vietnam book ) I have start you book . it 's very powerful . brian thank you . Brian come up behind she and start to kiss she neck . roberta 's scared -- so she keep talk , as if it 's not really happen . roberta so what make you choose migrant worker for you next book ? I mean , how do you know what to write about ? brian ( kissing she neck ) I follow my gut , pay attention to what I be be draw to ... roberta 's arouse , in spite of herself . she turn around and face he . roberta what be you do ? brian I have be wait to do that since Mr. baine ' orchestra class . roberta you do not even notice I ! brian sure I do . you use to ignore I and it drive I wild . roberta you have at least five different girlfriend . brian it do not mean I have the one I want . he give she a flirtatious smile , then take out one of she roller . brian you be not a navy wife anymore ... he move to take out another roller and roberta stop he . roberta yes I be ... legally . brian and be it a navy requirement that you dress like it 's the 1950' ? roberta I do not ! brian ( goad she ) who do you vote for in the last election ? roberta what do that have to do with anything ? brian tell I . roberta ( hesitates , then ) I do not know . Charles fill out my absentee ballot . brian oh my God -- it 's even worse than I think ! ( touch she hair ) be this the same roberta who get the orchestra to strike until they give we new uniform ? she laugh wistfully , then look a little sad . roberta that roberta 's not around anymore . he pull she towards he by the belt to she robe . brian I do not believe that . they kiss and it heat up quickly . roberta pull back . roberta I should not . brian because ? roberta the boy -- brian they be sleep . roberta I know , but ... I be still marry . brian and what 's you husband do right now ? a few beat , and she move towards he . int . brian bedroom - day Sun stream into the room as roberta awaken in Brian 's bed , a look of afterglow on she face . she suddenly remember where she be , and quickly look at the clock . roberta oh shit -- the boy . brian ( o.s. ) they be still sleep . she turn , relieved , until she see that Brian 's pack a suitcase . roberta where be you go ? brian Texas . he dash out . roberta sit up , rattle by this news . int . brian office - day Brian excitedly gather papers and file scattered around he electric typewriter . roberta ( o.s. ) what 's in Texas ? he turn to see roberta in the doorway . brian farm worker . I just get the call -- it come through -- my research grant ! it come through ! be not that great ? roberta today ? he place item into a carry - on bag , pack at a rapid clip . in contrast , roberta seem to be move in slow motion . brian I have get a few family line up there , some in California -- roberta how long will you be go ? brian two , three month . roberta what ? int . brian bathroom - day Brian throw toiletry into a plastic bag . roberta enter . roberta I think ... I just think you be gonna be around . and then last night -- he stop what he 's do and look at she . brian whoa . roberta -- last night be great but do you think I be gonna marry you in the morning ? roberta no ! of course not . we see in she face that part of she do think that . roberta it 's just that ... we just get here and we be barely ... I do not even know where to buy grocery . Brian soften as he see how vulnerable she be . he take she in he arm . brian you be gonna be fine . you have a job , a place to stay , you kid have a school to go to -- and there 's a d'agostino 's around the corner . she attempt a smile . roberta congratulation . he kiss she forehead , then exit . hold on roberta , look hurt and frighten . int . music room - day roberta rosin she bow , stand in front of ten kid -- third through fifth - grade -- who sit on the floor next to they violin case . the kid be Black and latino , with a couple of white face . they be all talk and ignore roberta except for naeem and guadalupe , a petite mexican girl with a long dark braid . [ note : we will see other violin student from time to time , but this be the class we will follow for roberta 's first year ] roberta and what be I do now ? naeem / guadalupe rosining the bow . roberta good . and what be I do when I turn this little screw ? ( raise she voice ) everyone stop talk . right now ! the kid quiet down . only naeem raise he hand . roberta naeem ? naeem tighten the horse hair . roberta ( touch the heel of the bow ) and what do we call this ? again , only naeem raise he hand . roberta see he but turn to do sean , who 's talk to he neighbor . roberta De Sean ? do sean yeah ? roberta what do we call this ? do sean I do not know . roberta why not ? do sean I be not here . roberta yes you be but you be not pay attention ! do you want people to think you be stupid ? this make De Sean blush -- and it piss he off . roberta all right , naeem -- tell they . naeem it 's call the frog . some kid giggle and joke about this . roberta point to the scroll of the violin . roberta anyone remember what this be ? lucy , the fidgety girl , snap she finger . roberta Lucy ! do you like people snap they finger when you be talk ? lucy yeah ! the kid laugh . roberta do not . she point to the scroll . roberta what be this call ? lucy the jeri curl ? roberta laugh , even though she 's try to be tough . int . dennis ' music classroom - day Dennis 's twenty student play recorder in row of attach theatre - style seat . Dennis sit at he desk , a metronome tick , and apathetically lead they in scale , use a red pen as a baton . he keep one eye on a stack of quizze that he 's mark , stop to circle mistake with the pen . dennis c-c-c-c , d-d-d-d , e-e-e-e ... angle - roberta stand in the hallway at the open door , dismay by Dennis ' uninspired teach . she enter and cross to Dennis , speak quietly to he . roberta Excuse I -- sorry to interrupt -- the student immediately start to chatter . dennis no talk ! he look back at roberta , annoyed by she intrusion . roberta I be suppose to take kid out of miss Cooper 's classroom for my ten o'clock class -- there 's nobody there . dennis miss Cooper 's student have phy ed on tuesday . roberta but you schedule they for violin . dennis you must have read the schedule wrong . roberta ( try to remain polite ) I do not think so . dennis well , I can not solve this problem for you right now . ( nod to he class ) I be try to teach . roberta so be I . she exit . int . brian bedroom - night lexi and Nick be in Brian 's bed . roberta 's tucking in lexi ; he hold a toy truck with Greek write on it . lexi can I bring a puppy for show and tell tomorrow ? roberta honey , we do not have a puppy . nick daddy say we could get one when we move back to America . roberta look at Nick , then turn back to lexi . roberta how about you truck ? I will bet you be the only one in school with a truck from Greece . nick when 's daddy come back ? roberta turn to Nick and tuck he in . roberta well , he 's still on he tour , so we will just have to see but ... it should not be too much longer . lexi be he gonna live with we and Brian ? roberta no , honey . we be just stay at Brian 's house for a little while . she turn back to Nick who look worried . she kiss he . roberta good night , sweetie . she kiss lexi , then reach to turn off the lamp . nick no ! leave it on . roberta nod , smile at she son , and exit . int . music room - day nine child stand , violin under they right arm , bow hang down from they right hand , and try to position they foot as roberta address they . roberta now take the right foot and put it on a tile . good . now with the other foot take a tiny step forward and put it on a line . try to make a box with you foot -- she walk over to benjamin , a white boy with glass , and correct he foot . she see Lucy dance in place . roberta Lucy ! would you like to leave the class right now ? Lucy nod , giggle . roberta walk down the row of student . roberta you should feel very strong -- so strong and balanced that if I want to knock you over I could not . she cross to tanisha , a sweet - nature Black girl with she hair in tiny braid , and gently push she belly . roberta you see ? if you be stand strong , I can not even push you . roberta turn to De Sean , who 's talk to jame , a pudgy Black / Puerto rican boy . roberta De Sean ! James ! quiet ! ( as she cross to another student ) do anyone know where naeem be ? tanisha I see he this morning but he 's not here . roberta yes , I know he 's not here -- that 's why I be ask . she gently push guadalupe 's belly . the girl stumble back . roberta see how I push you ? it mean you foot be not center . guadalupe try to correct she foot . roberta bend down to help and see that the little girl wear leg brace under she pants . roberta stand and gesture to one of the boy . roberta can you bring over a chair ? ( to guadalupe ) it 's probably better for you to sit . the boy bring the chair . guadalupe sit , embarrassed . ext . school yard - day roberta walk through a school yard fill with kid and parent pick they up . she see naeem and cross to he . roberta where be you today , naeem ? naeem I can not be in violin class anymore . roberta why not ? naeem my mother will not let I . roberta what ? naeem' mother , mrs . adisa , step into frame . she 's a attractive Black woman in a dress and head scarf make of African fabric . mrs . adisa my son 's get more important thing to do than learn dead white men' music . roberta they be gonna learn " twinkle twinkle Little Star " ! mrs . adisa how many Black classical composer can you name ? how many Black classical violinist do you know ? roberta that do not mean it 's the way it should be . naeem 's learn to play music -- and that make he feel good about himself . why should it matter who write it ? naeem please , Mom ? can not I be in the class ? Mrs. adisa put a protective arm around she son , then address roberta . mrs . adisa look . I have see this before . you white woman come up here and think you can rescue we poor inner city child who never ask to be rescue in the first place . no thank you . she walk off with naeem . he glance back at roberta , then turn away quickly . roberta watch after they . int . brian live room - night roberta attempt to read Brian 's book , to Hell and back : interview with Vietnam vet , but she 's distract . she glance at she purse , then back to the book . she put the book down and dial the phone . roberta Brian Turner 's room , please . while she wait , she look at Brian 's picture on the book jacket . there 's no answer and she hang up . she start to straighten the already clean room , then get she purse , take out she wallet , and open it to the plastic cover picture . insert - picture Charles in uniform ; a studio shot of the boy when they be 3 and 1 ; the whole family pose on the terrace of they home in Greece , a view of the ocean behind they . back to roberta she 's really depressed herself now . int . classroom - day alice Crowley ( 50' ) , a no -nonsense Black teacher , show she fifth - grader a globe . she do not turn as roberta enter and cross to she . in the b.g. we see roberta's student wait in the hall . alice and which ocean be this ? kid simultaneously yell out " atlantic " and " pacific . " roberta Excuse I ... I be here for the violin student . alice ( icy ) you be late . roberta just a couple of minute -- I be sorry . alice they be have a lesson now . roberta but this be when they have violin class ! alice that 's not my problem . roberta 's reluctant to argue in front of the kid ; she exit . ext . school yard - day lot of noise and chaos as kid run wild during lunch recess . Janet rush through the throng while roberta try to keep up . roberta I think all the teacher agree to this . janet in theory . ( to a student ) Adam ! I want you in my office right after lunch , you understand ? adam what would I do ? janet think about it ! ( to roberta ) whenever you pull kid out , it 's a disruption , plus it 's extra work for the teacher ' cause they have to fill the kid in on what they miss . some teacher resent it . roberta well , can not you talk to they ? Janet stop walk and pull a box cutter out of she pocket . janet I take this off a second - grader this morning . I will help you roberta -- but I can not hold you hand here . Janet start to walk away , then turn . janet a word of advice ? when you be pick up you student , go to Alice 's classroom first . roberta stand there as Janet walk on ahead . int . music room - day the nine child hold they violin in position as roberta address they . roberta so pretend you be drive a car and I be the policeman and I say stop ! thumb up , finger straight up , flat palm . now you be policeman , but turn you hand and make it say stop to yourself . on the child , attempt this . she walk around and help . do sean ( to himself ) you be under arrest . some kid crack up and start joke and chat . roberta knock it off , De Sean ! ( to all ) if you kid can not take this seriously , I do not want you here . I be teach you a difficult instrument because I respect you and have faith that you can learn it . but none of that matter if you do not have respect for yourself . some of the child think about what she 's say . a couple , uncomfortable with the intensity , hold back giggle . roberta now turn you wrist so it 's flat against the fingerboard , and that 's how you will set up you hand ... roberta see guadalupe struggle . roberta guadalupe ! you have get the violin in the wrong hand ! how do that happen ? embarrass , guadalupe correct she position . int . brian kitchen - night at the small kitchen table , Nick do homework and lexi put sticker in a sticker book . roberta 's cooking dinner ; she grab a potholder and check on a bubbling lasagna in the oven . the phone ring and she answer it . roberta hello ? charle ( o.s. ) hello , bobbi . her face fall as she hear the voice . she hold onto the counter to steady herself . roberta where be you ? charle ( o.s. ) ( calm , detach ) I be back in the States . I be at my parent . roberta close the oven and gather she courage . roberta be you still with she ? a beat . charle ( o.s. ) no. we watch roberta 's body collapse into a sense of overwhelming relief . follow her as she step into the hallway , then stretch the phone into : int . brian bathroom - continuous she half - close the door , lean against the sink and start to cry . roberta ( through tear ) we have miss you so much , Charles . the boy ... they can not wait for you to come home ... I know we will have a lot to work out and it will not be easy right away , but we be gonna get through this , you know ? we be a family and we belong together and -- charle ( o.s. ) ( more emotive than before ) bobbi -- stop , o.k . ? just stop . roberta look as if she 's be slap . a beat . charle ( o.s. ) I want a divorce . roberta what ? silence . roberta but you say ... you and lana ... you say it be over . charle ( o.s. ) it be . ( beat ) it 's over between we too , bobbi . hold on roberta , devastate . angle on nick , watch she through the door . int . brian HOTEL room , TEXAS - night Brian 's on the phone with roberta . he 's in a t-shirt and sweat , and he papers be scattered on the bed . roberta ( o.s. ) he would not even talk about it ! no explanation , no discussion ... intercut roberta in Brian 's live room . she 's extremely agitate and she eye be puffy from cry . brian I can not believe you be still hold out hope . the guy have not call you or the kid in three month -- I think you would move on . roberta I never say that . brian no ? maybe not with word . this embarrass she , then piss she off . roberta you know what ? I should not have call you . this be a mistake . brian no , no -- I be sorry . look , I know it hurt , but you be gonna get through this , roberta -- you will . roberta I be move back to my Mom 's . brian what ? you be gonna quit teach in the middle of the term ? roberta I do not fit in there -- I be not make any progress with the kid ... brian what be you gonna tell Janet -- you husband leave you and nothing else matter ? roberta I do not know yet . int . brian live room - night roberta lie awake on the futon , heartbroken . int . brian bedroom - night roberta stand and watch Nick and lexi sleep . she lie down beside they and close she eye . int . school hallway - day roberta walk through crowd of kid towards Janet who 's in the middle of confront a boy student . Janet hold a fifty - dollar bill . roberta hang back and wait for a chance to speak . boy my mother give it to I . janet why would she give you fifty dollar ? boy to buy breakfast . Janet give he a stern look . janet do you know how hard you mother work ? do you think it 's right for you steal from she ? boy I do not ! janet well let 's go call she right now and ask she . as Janet turn to walk off , roberta cross to she . roberta I need to speak to you . it 's important . janet it will have to wait . ( to the boy ) come on . in my office . roberta watch as Janet dash off with the boy in tow . int . music room - day guadalupe sit on a chair in the empty room , struggle to set up she violin . roberta enter , surprised to see she . roberta guadalupe ? what be you do here ? guadalupe I can not get the stop sign . roberta honey , you teacher 's probably look for you . guadalupe sigh , then hand roberta the violin . guadalupe I can not come anymore . it 's too hard . roberta the violin be hard for everyone . guadalupe but everyone else be better than I . I will always be slow . roberta look at she sadly and put the violin in its case . roberta do you ever hear of itzhak perlman ? guadalupe no . roberta he 's one of the great violinist in the world , and he have problem with he leg too . he walk with two cane -- but he still make the most beautiful music . guadalupe and he sit down when he play ? roberta he have to . guadalupe take this in . guadalupe he be you student ? roberta laugh . roberta no . but if he be , I would tell he the same thing I be tell you . you should not quit something just because it 's hard . guadalupe but I can not stand strong . roberta stand strong do not only mean use you leg . you can stand strong on the inside too . ( beat ) know what I mean ? guadalupe nod . roberta hold out the violin case . guadalupe lunge forward and hug she around the waist . roberta awkwardly accept the hug , startle and touch by it , and stroke the girl 's hair . guadalupe let go , take the violin and exit . hold on roberta as she absorb what just happen . janet poke she head into the room . janet you want to speak to I ? roberta oh. umm -- that 's o.k . it 's take care of . Janet look at she curiously , then exit . int . empty apartment - east harlem - day roberta walk around a empty , rundown apartment , she expression somber . crayon marking on the wall , cigarette burn on the floor , a filthy bathroom and kitchen . a older Puerto rican woman stand back as roberta inspect the place . roberta wipe grease off one of the window . landlady be just for you and you boy ? roberta yes . landlady no husband ? no boyfriend ? a beat . roberta no . ext . school yard - lunch recess - day roberta enter the yard from inside the school . it 's fill with kid play , include Nick and lexi . she wave to they and lexi run up to she , carry a piece of artwork . lexi look what I make you , mommy ! he give she a tempera painting of a man 's face , the background decorate with glue - on macaroni . it say daddy . roberta ( cover she discomfort ) that be so beautiful ! he run off . roberta exhales , sit down alone on a bench and take out she lunch . she smile at alice Crowley and another teacher but they cross to another bench . isabel vasquez ( 25 ) approach , a lively Puerto rican woman with a strong New York accent . isabel whatsa matter -- you get cooty ? roberta apparently . isabel I will take my chance . ( extend a hand ) isabel vasquez . second grade . roberta roberta demetras . I be the -- isabel violin teacher . I know . she sit down beside roberta , take out she lunch . roberta be it my imagination , or do everyone hate I ? isabel it 's hard to fit in when you be do a special program . people figure you be not gonna be here very long , so why make the effort ? ( beat ) it may take a while for folk to warm up , but nobody hate you . roberta ( sotto ) what about Alice crowley ? isabel ( sotto ) a ) she think the violin 's a waste of time ... and B ) -- she 's a bitch . roberta laugh . roberta and then there 's Dennis . isabel the Music man . you have have the bodacity to threaten he private little empire -- not to mention the fact that you mess up he sacred schedule chart . roberta how come you be be nice to I ? isabel ulterior motive . I want my daughter in you class next year . roberta smile . roberta if I be here next year . isabel you will be . int . roberta's new apartment - live room - night lexi's painting be on the wall , along with a crayon draw of himself , roberta , and Nick in front of a house . angle - roberta look out the window . she 's get some use furniture , clean the place , and it 's less depress . roberta's Pov out the window on the street below , three prostitute stand at the corner . two man sit on a stoop , smoking a joint , and in a park car , three man seem to be make a drug deal . one of the building on the street be burn out , miss a front door . back to scene Nick , in he pajamas , enter and cross to he mother . she smile at he and they both look out the window . nick in Greece , we could see the ocean . remember ? roberta I remember . and the fishing boat ... nick and the octopus . roberta smile and put she arm around he . nick be daddy come here soon ? roberta tense up . roberta well , that 's something I have be want to talk to you about . daddy 's not gonna live with we anymore . you and lexi will have special time when you stay with he , like at Christmas . a beat . nick can you tell the birthday story ? roberta look at he , concerned that he 's not respond to she news . roberta do not you want to talk about what I tell you ? nick I want to hear the birthday story . a beat as she contemplate whether to push or not , then : roberta it be the day of grandpa 's birthday , and I be sad because he have die a few month back . nick but you know I would be bear that day . roberta so I pack a bag and get all ready -- nick and daddy laugh . roberta I say , " it 's my father 's birthday , and the baby 's gonna be bear today . " nick he do not believe you . but I be bear . the same day as grandpa . roberta it be a happy day . nick be daddy happy too ? she look at he , take aback by the question . roberta of course he be . nick then why be he leave I ? roberta , overcome with emotion , can barely answer . roberta he 's not leave you , Nick . he love you and lexi very much . nick then why can not he live here ? roberta ( struggle ) it 's very hard to explain ... sometimes thing happen between grown-ups ... and they just can not be together . the camera move behind they as they continue to look out the window , and we see Nick move away from he mother . int . music room - day the kid play " twinkle twinkle Little Star " and they sound awful . roberta look disgust as she lead they . roberta slow bow ! slow bow ! do not squeeze ! stop ! everybody stop ! ( to De Sean ) how much do you practice this week ? do sean my asthma -- it be very bad and I have to go to the hospital . roberta again ? you tell I you go to the hospital last week . do sean oh yeah . maybe it be last week . roberta roll she eye , then turn to Lucy . roberta Lucy -- you sound the worst of all . have you practice ? lucy no . roberta why not ? you can not be in this class if you do not practice ! lucy my grandma get mug . a beat . roberta oh. I be sorry . be she o.k .? lucy she die . roberta stand there , sober . roberta I be really sorry , Lucy . ( try to get she bearing ) just do the best you can . ext . school yard - day a group of kid stand together with they violin and chat . roberta exit the building and they greet she . she wave back , but she 's clearly still upset by she interaction with Lucy . she see naeem and he mother and approach they . naeem hi , roberta . roberta hi , naeem . can I talk to you mom for a minute ? naeem nod and move off . roberta look , I do not come up here to rescue anybody . I be a single mother and I need a job . and I know you think you be protect you son , but you be not . I mean , what if Arthur ashe 's mother have stop he from play tennis because it 's a " white man 's game " ? ( beat ) the important thing be that when naeem play music , he whole face light up . you should see he . Mrs. adisa take this in . roberta exit . Mrs. adisa look for naeem and see he watch the violin student , long to be among they . she watch she son with compassion . ext . outdoor market - day roberta and the boy shop in a colorful outdoor produce market in they neighborhood . the boy suddenly rush over to a man sit on the ground with mix - breed puppies in a cardboard box . the boy pet they excitedly . roberta watch she son ; they be happier than she 's see they in age . int . roberta's apartment - live room - night a brown puppy be jump all over Nick and lexi who laugh delightedly . roberta be put down newspaper . roberta we all have to take turn clean up , o.k .? the boy be oblivious to she -- they be in heaven . roberta ( to herself ) yeah , right . int . music room - day roberta 's scream at the kid as they play " twinkle twinkle Little Star . " roberta first finger on the e! Three -- two -- one -- open ! ( to a white girl with pigtail ) wrong string , Becky ! we have do this fourteen time ! and look at you nail ! you be suppose to cut they for violin class ! o.k , everybody stop ! it sound horrible ! I can not believe how bad it sound ! they stop play . tanisha raise she hand . roberta be this a important question , tanisha ? tanisha nod . tanisha do you have two of that skirt ? roberta what ? tanisha you wear a skirt just like it on Monday . some of the kid crack up . roberta you know , tanisha -- I do not think that 's such a important question . ( to class ) o.k. let 's try -- the door open and naeem enter with Mrs. adisa . roberta cross to they . mrs . adisa naeem and I be wonder if he could still be in the class . a beat . roberta I would love that . ( to naeem ) you will have a lot of catch up to do . you think you can work that hard ? naeem yeah , I can . roberta maybe we can also arrange some private lesson at my house . mrs . adisa I would not have the money for that . roberta that 's o.k. ( to naeem ) why do not you go grab one of my spare violin ? naeem happily run to the extra violin at the front of the room ; Mrs. adisa nod to roberta with a look of gratitude , then exit . roberta cross back to the front of the room . roberta ( to class ) let 's try it again . they begin again , and we see naeem take out a violin and join in . as they play , roberta 's ear perk up at something she 's hearing . she cross to Lucy . roberta what be you play ? lucy twinkle . roberta ( to class ) everyone stop ! ( to Lucy ) let I hear . Lucy hesitates , think she 's in trouble . she play a jazz variation of the song . roberta smile . roberta do someone teach you that ? lucy no . I make it up . roberta that 's really great , Lucy . I be proud of you . Lucy beam . roberta ( to class ) all of you -- try it . the class play Lucy 's jazz variation and naeem happily join in . int . janet william ' office - day roberta sit opposite Janet and mrs . lamb , a white woman in she 30' . mrs . lamb you be shouting at they . all the time . roberta not all the time . but if they do not listen -- mrs . lamb do not you tell they that they be make they parent sick ? Janet raise she eyebrow at this . roberta that be not exactly what I say -- mrs . lamb I be raise Becky in a supportive atmosphere . I do not send she to school to be abuse . roberta I be just try to discipline they . if they be gonna learn a instrument , they need to take it seriously -- janet I think what Mrs. Lamb be try to say , roberta , be that you be a little too harsh . I be sure you might be able to soften some of you comment to the child ? she give roberta a long hard look . roberta nod . int . music room - day roberta listen to the student play " go tell aunt rhody " -- badly . they finish and stare at she , afraid of she response . roberta well , that be ... that be pretty good ... that be not too bad ... they look at she in disbelief , then look at each other . do sean it be not ? I think we stink . roberta I would not put it that way ... you all just need to practice a bit more . ( to James ) James , have you practice this week ? the boy nervously shake he head no . roberta can you please try a little harder for next week ? James nod . the kid be baffle by she politeness . roberta good . just do the best you can . do sean why you act like that ? roberta like what ? do sean Nice . roberta do not you want a nice teacher ? do sean I already get nice teacher . you add some variety . lucy yeah . we like you better the way you use to be . roberta oh. ( to Becky ) what about you , Becky ? becky yeah . this be even worse . you be act weird now . a beat . roberta well , then -- I take it back . you all stink . the kid laugh . roberta but do not tell you parent I say so ! the kid laugh again . int . kennedy airport - departure gate - day Christmas muzak play in the b.g. as roberta kiss and hug lexi and Nick goodbye . a flight attendant stand nearby . lexi can not you come with we ? please ? roberta honey , I tell you . this be daddy 's special time with you . lexi look upset ; Nick be stoic . roberta hug they one last time . the flight attendant step forward . flight attendant I will take good care of they . the flight attendant escort they into the jet way . roberta hold back tear as they get further away from she . at the last moment , lexi turn and wave ; Nick do not . roberta wave , tear start to fall , and the boy disappear from sight . she observe all the family travel together , and feel like the loneliest person in the airport . int . roberta's apartment - live room - night roberta enter she apartment , back from the airport , and double - lock the door behind she . you can see on she face that she 's dread the emptiness . she cross to a small Christmas tree , obviously decorate by she and the boy , and plug in the tiny blink light . it 's not exactly rockefeller Center . she turn on the t.v. , play it's a wonderful life . she cross to the kitchen , then return with a carton of eggnog , a glass , and a bottle of rum . she sit down on the couch , pour herself some eggnog , add rum , add more rum , go back into the kitchen , return with nutmeg , sprinkle some on top , then drink . she sigh , glance miserably at the tree and the t.v. pathetic . she could not look any less festive if she try . there 's a knock on the door . roberta get up and warily approach the door . roberta who be it ? brian ( o.s. ) Santa Claus . she look through the peephole , then quickly unlock the door and open it , revealing brian , give she a big smile . he look sexy as hell ( even with a silly light - up Santa Claus pin on he leather jacket ) , and he hold a long -stemm red rise in one hand , and a Christmas present in the other . brian I be back . roberta 's thrilled and relieved to see he . she embrace he , and they kiss passionately . int . brownstone - day ( time CUT - two month later ) close on plaster wall be knock down with sledgehammer . reveal Brian , roberta , and a couple of workmen knock down the wall in a old brownstone . ext . brownstone - east harlem - the same day a mild winter day . roberta , cover with plaster dust and overheate from work , lean against a car and drink a beer . the three - story brick building have some graffiti on it and be badly in need of a paint job ; there be a few break window , and the front stair need repair . workmen file in and out . we can see from the STREET sign that we be on 118th STREET , a few house off first avenue . Brian ( also dust - cover ) , Nick and lexi toss around a football . lawrence ( 6 ) , a Black boy who life next door , join they . Brian cross to roberta , sweaty and out of breath . he take a swig of she beer . roberta o.k. , enough goof off -- back to work . brian you try to kill I ? she laugh and they kiss . assunta come up the street with a bag of take - out food . she cast a dubious glance at the lover . assunta I be the only person in the whole coffee shop not speak Spanish . roberta roll she eye . o.s. a car backfire . assunta you hear that ? gunshot ! how you gonna live here by yourself ? ( call ) boy , come eat ! roberta I work in this neighborhood , mama . I want to live here . the boy approach and assunta hand they sandwich . lawrence hang back . assunta call to he . assunta what 's you name ? lawrence lawrence . assunta you hungry , lawrence ? lawrence nod and she hand he a sandwich . roberta smile at she mother 's gesture . the kid move off to lawrence 's front step and assunta give roberta and Brian sandwich . assunta ( to Brian ) why do you let she buy this house ? brian hey , you daughter do what she want -- or have not you notice ? assunta I have notice . int . roberta's apartment - kitchen - day Robert wash dish and assunta dry . the leftover from a italian dinner be on the counter . assunta I still do not understand the rush . roberta have my own place will make I feel like I be really start my life again . assunta but if you invest you divorce settlement , you could buy something nice someday . it 's bad enough that you have be rent in this neighborhood , but to lock yourself into a mortgage -- roberta ( snap ) mama , please . just stop ! assunta back off . roberta feel guilty and move to she . roberta do not worry , o.k . ? besides , if thing keep go well , I be sure eventually Brian will move in with we . a few beat . assunta how much do you know about this man ? roberta Brian 's a good person , he 's help I a lot , he 's great with the boy -- since he get back to town , it 's be really sweet . assunta ( with a attitude ) and how long have he be back ? roberta two month . assunta that 's not very long . do not make the same mistake twice , bert . you barely know Charles when you marry he . roberta ( defensive ) I do not get it -- you be rag on I about buy the house -- I would think you would want Brian to live with I . assunta not if he 's the wrong person . roberta lock she jaw , not want to believe that she 's right . int . music room - day the kid play " allegro , " roberta lead they . roberta get ready , now -- we be come up to the fermata ... they reach a certain note , then pause . roberta hold ... hold ... do not anybody move . now at the spring concert , the audience be gonna be die for that next note -- but we will make they wait . as a matter of fact , I think I will go grab a cup of coffee . she start for the door and the kid moan and groan : " come on , roberta ! " " roberta , get back here ! " she smile . roberta well , o.k . but you have to promise you will all start together . she nod . they begin again -- all at different time . do sean man . we will never get that right . roberta that 's not a very nice thing to say about you classmate . ( to class ) how many people think they can get it right by the concert ? all the kid raise they hand . De Sean look around , embarrassed , then raise he too . roberta smile . int . roberta's apartment - live room - night Brian and roberta finish make love on the futon . they lie in each other 's arm , still breathe heavily . roberta I love you . Brian make a sound that 's either panting or laugh . roberta do you just laugh ? brian I be sorry . it 's just ... roberta look at he , offended . roberta what ? brian why do people feel like the minute something 's go great , they gotta name it ? ( beat ) once you name something , you snuff the life out of it . she disentangle from he . roberta Jesus , Brian . do you still get away with that crap ? it 's not the sixty anymore . brian well , maybe if you would actually go through the sixty , you would know what I be talk about . roberta Fine ! we will not name it , we will not talk about it , we will act like we have no feeling for each other whatsoever ! she angrily turn on she side with she back to he . Brian regret hurt she and move to she , kissing she shoulder . brian I be sorry . I be be a asshole . ( sweetly teasing ) you can say you love I if you want . roberta forget it . I change my mind . he laugh and coax she to kiss he -- a temporary truce . int . brownstone - day ernie ( 70' ) , a rickety Black man in work boot , look baffle by a tangle mess of wire protrude from a wall . roberta approach . roberta how 's it come , Ernie ? ernie well , if I could just remember what I do here yesterday , I would be move a whole lot faster . ( beat ) you look real pretty today , honey . Brian overhear , roll he eye and pull she aside . brian you be crazy . why do you hire he ? roberta he need a job . besides , he 's wire all of East harlem . brian when ? fifty year ago ? Brian sigh and walk off into another room . two men carry in large panel of sheetrock with old wallpaper on it . roberta why be there wallpaper on it ? man # 1 that 's how it come . they lean the panel against a wall . roberta turn to Ernie . ernie yep , that 's how it come now . the guy quickly exit . Brian re-enter and see the panel . brian what the hell be this ? roberta sheetrock . brian you have gotta be kid . that ex - con you hire rip this off -- and you too ! roberta feel stupid but do not want to show it . roberta look -- this house be take every penny of my settlement . I can not afford fancy union worker ! brian ( throw up he hand ) Fine . do it you way . he stomp off . another angle - Nick watch they fight and look distress . ext . school yard - day lot of scream and commotion as the kid crowd around a fight in progress . as we move through the crowd we see that nick 's in a fight with another boy ; Nick 's nose be bleed and he have the boy in a headlock . two teachers run over to break it up . int . area outside janet' office - day Nick sit outside , hold a ice pack to he bloody nose . int . janet' office - day roberta stand opposite Janet . janet I be give he a two - day suspension -- but next time he will be expell . roberta there will not be a next time -- I promise . janet have you notice you son lately ? he 's tie up in knot and he need help . roberta Janet , kid fight . you be make too much of this . janet he be choke the kid . ( beat ) Nick 's in trouble , roberta . you need to deal with it . roberta take this in , upset . int . roberta's apartment - live room - night roberta play " go tell aunt rhody " with guadalupe , De Sean , naeem , Benjamin , and two kid from the other class . lexi play along with they . Nick enter from the kitchen , eat a cookie , ignore the student . he turn on the t.v . roberta ( to student ) keep play , guy . roberta cross to Nick and shut off the t.v. roberta you can watch when we be do . nick it 's my house ! they do not live here -- I do ! roberta ( sotto ) Nick honey -- the kid be real nervous about the spring concert . you could probably give they some pointer . nick I do not feel like it . he reach for the t.v. dial and she stop he . roberta I say no . she cross back to she student ; Nick turn on the t.v. ext . central park - day Brian , Nick and lexi laugh as they play frisbee alongside a duck pond . roberta watch , relieved to see Nick enjoy himself . brian good catch Nick ! Nick throw it back to Brian and it land in the water . brian ( mock sternly ) uh-oh . you know what that mean ? he stalk towards Nick menacingly , pick he up and pretend he 's go to throw he into the water . Nick laugh hysterically . nick ( through laughter ) do not ! do not throw I in ! brian whatsa matter ? afraid of a little water ? the duck be not afraid ! be you a chicken or a duck ? nick do not ! do not throw I ! brian look like you get yourself a chicken , roberta ! nick I be not a chicken ! brian well then you must be a duck ! he pretend again to throw Nick in , then put he down . lexi hold out he arm to Brian . lexi throw I in the water , Brian ! do it to I ! Brian swoops he up and lexi start laugh . roberta laugh along , happy to see the affection between Brian and she son . ext . central park - a little later Brian and roberta speak as they stroll ; the boy run ahead of they , drag stick along the pavement . in the b.g. we see harlem street border the park . roberta you seem to be the only one who can get Nick to laugh this day . brian he miss he dad . I be just a surrogate . roberta no -- I think Nick really like you . ( take he arm ) you know ... we be all hope you will move into the new house with we . brian whoa . can we just slow down here a minute ? it 's too much like get marry . roberta what 's so bad about that ? brian that kind of commitment just be not realistic . I mean , how can we know that you and I will even be able to stand each other in five year ? roberta well , we do not . but if two people care about each other , they take a chance . brian and look what happen to you and Charles . roberta I be not talk about Charles . I be talk about we . brian look , roberta . Marriage be base on a belief that one person can completely meet another person 's need . I just do not buy that . this be make she nervous . she look at he , afraid of what he might be say . roberta ( carefully ) what be you say ? if there 's some need you have that I do not meet , you would go and get it " meet " by someone else ? he heave a sigh of frustration , not want to answer the question . brian I be say that it 's the 80' and it 's a fantasy to think of marriage last this day . one out of two marriage end in divorce ! roberta you do not answer my question . ( beat ) if I do not meet all you need , and we be in a commit relationship -- forget marriage for a minute ; I be just talk about a relationship -- would you go to someone else ? a beat . brian in theory , yes . roberta in theory . roberta look very dishearten . Brian feel badly . brian roberta , we have get something good right now -- that 's the important thing . let 's just keep it that way , o.k .? he pull she to he , kissing she neck , but she pull away from he . on nick , observe with a anxious expression . int . roberta's apartment - night nick ( o.s. ) ( whining ) why can not he ? roberta look distress by she talk with Brian as she and the boy enter , back from the park . roberta he just can not , o.k . ? Brian 's at he house tonight , and we be at ours . nick well then I wanna go to he house . roberta enough , Nick . now why do not you and you brother practice while I make dinner . nick I do not feel like practice . roberta well do it anyway . nick I wanna go to bria n's ! roberta stop whining , and get you violin . Nick stomp off to get he violin . lexi follow . roberta put down she bag and take off she coat . while lexi set up he violin , Nick open he violin case , take out the violin and angrily start play , loudly and roughly . roberta what the hell be you do ? nick the problem with you be you be mean to everybody and then they do not want to be with you ! roberta I have hear just about enough from you , young man . now set you violin up properly and start practice . Nick throws the violin against the floor . roberta 's speechless . nick I hate the violin ! roberta you pick that violin up right now and do not you ever ever -- Nick pick up the violin and throws the violin down even harder , then yell at roberta before she can even respond . nick it 's all you fault ! you make daddy leave and you be gonna make Brian leave too ! you be gonna be all alone and I will have to take care of you ! roberta be stunne . the anger drain out of she as she suddenly see what this be all about . roberta Nick -- you do not have to take care of I . nick then who 's go to ? roberta I will take care of myself -- and I will take care of you and lexi . I promise . nick you do not try hard enough . you make daddy leave we . this hit she in the solar plexus . her hurt and vulnerability start to pour out . roberta that 's not true . I begge he not to leave , but he do not listen . nick why not ? roberta hesitates , but know she have to tell they the truth . she address both boy . roberta you father meet someone he like more than mommy , and then -- nick who ? roberta swallow , shocked to hear he ask this . she can hardly answer he . roberta lana . remember we friend lana and Tom ? nick be he gonna marry she now ? roberta no , but he 's not come back ... to I . Nick and lexi look very upset , not only from hearing the finality in she word , but from see they mother 's pain . roberta move closer to they . roberta I will take care of you , Nick . you too , lexi . I promise . I be not go anywhere . we be still a family . Nick start cry . roberta take he in she arm . lexi start to cry and roberta hold he too . roberta ( softly , to both ) I promise . int . brownstone - day Ernie 's radio play a blue song . the brick worker radio play spanish music , and the painter ' radio play a rap song . roberta stand in the middle , about to lose she mind . her Pov - Ernie sit on a stool face he wiring . he 's fast asleep . another angle - the brick worker build a crooked fireplace . back to scene roberta sigh heavily , then cross to the painter . roberta what color be this ? painter White . roberta I tell you eggshell . painter eggshell be white . Brian watch this interaction as he sand a door . brian you be a idiot ! I tell you -- you can not be you own contractor . roberta you be right . I be a idiot . she cross to Ernie and shake he . roberta wake up , Ernie . he look at she groggily . roberta you be fire . she cross to the brick worker . roberta you be fire . she cross to the painter . roberta you be fire . Brian smile at she , impressed . brian that 's more like it . roberta you be fire too . Brian laugh . roberta no , Brian . I mean it . I need to be with a man who can make a commitment to I . I need that , and my son need that . ( beat ) so can you ? brian ( hesitates , then ) roberta -- his tone and expression tell she the word be not forthcoming . roberta get out . he look at she , shocked by she toughness , but know he can not give she what she want . he exit . roberta stand in the middle of the room , a determine look on she face . int . school auditorium - night roberta stands in the aisle , lead the student and play violin . on stage the fifty fifth - grade student play the " twinkle " variation . they play be impeccable and they look terrific . as the camera pan the audience , we recognize : mrs . adisa , tear in she eye as she watch naeem ; mrs . lamb and she husband , watch Becky in amazement ; isabel and she daughter sit with assunta , nick and lexi ; janet , impressed as hell ; and dennis , seethe with jealousy . as the kid start the jazz variation of " twinkle , " a woman elbow she husband : woman that 's the one Lucy write ! the camera return to the child and capture they own pride in they play , include lucy , who smile as she hear she song play by fifty . the concert - time dissolve the student be now play " allegro , " and they reach the fermata . they hold they position in silence and the audience watch in anticipation . roberta cue they and they play the next note in perfect unison . a involuntary smile light on do sean 's face . they finish the song , the audience applaud , and roberta turn to face they . she light up when she see how thrilled Janet look , and Janet in turn raise she hand higher as she applaud roberta . dissolve to : ext . cpe 1 - day - establishing - time CUT ( 1998 ) the side of the building now have a impressive mural : a urban landscape with three super heroes -- Puerto rican , Black , and white -- rise up out of the street . it read only the strong shall survive . int . classroom - day roberta stand in front of a classroom of twenty cute first - grader -- mostly Black and latino , a few white -- sit on the floor , chat excitedly . even though roberta 's ten year older , she seem more youthful ; she wavy hair be loose over she shoulder , she clothing 's casual and artistic . beside she be Janet , she hair fleck with gray , and Dennis , who look pretty much the same . the classroom teacher be isabel , a little older , a little tougher . isabel c'mon everybody , settle down -- Janet want to talk to you . janet today 's a very special day because we be start the tenth year of the East harlem violin Program . this be a wonderful opportunity for you , so I want you to talk to you parent about whether you would like to try this . isabel my daughter take violin with roberta when she be you age , and now she 's in high school and she still talk about how much she love it . dennis Janet and I start this program because we know how much you kid could benefit from it . cutaway to roberta and Janet exchange glance over Dennis take credit for the program . dennis you should know , however , that the violin be a difficult instrument . justin , a Black boy with attitude , raise he hand . he always wear a puffy red , yellow and green crochete beret . isabel nod to he . justin who 's that lady in the back ? angle - dorothea ( doro-taya ) van hauften ( 40' ) , a elegant , beautiful woman , smartly dress , take photograph from the back of the room . janet that 's dorothea Van hauften -- justin say what ? what kinda name be that ? isabel Justin -- sshh ! janet -- and she 's take picture of roberta 's class for a magazine article about music education . justin I wanna be in the magazine ! isabel first thing first , Justin . roberta 's gonna explain to you about the " lottery . " roberta step forward . ramon olivas ( 7 ) , a small , adorable Puerto rican boy with a crew cut , watch she with adoration . roberta I use to just teach fifty kid at this school . but now I teach a hundred and fifty kid at three East harlem school and there 's so many child who want to take violin class that we have to have a lottery . vanessa raise she hand , a white girl whose clothes and accessory be always adorn with cat . vanessa can I be in the class ? isabel roberta 's explain that . just listen . roberta after you parent sign you permission slip , I be gonna put they in a sack , and I will pick fifty name from each school . angle - Ramon listen intently with he finger cross . roberta so everyone bring in you slip by Friday , and I will come back and tell you who 's in violin class . isabel remember , she 's just pick name from a hat . it do not mean that anyone 's better than anyone else . ramon raise he hand . ramon ( to roberta ) I really really hope that I get in the class . roberta look at he , strike by he sweetness . roberta I hope so too . ext . 118th STREET - STREET sign - establishing - day ext . roberta's brownstone - day the brownstone look a lot better than when we last see it . graffiti 's be remove , the stair have be repair , the window have security bar , and there be flower bloom in pot in front of the building . roberta step into frame , walk allegra , now a 10 - year - old dog . int . brownstone - day the house be transformed : the first floor be one long open room with oak floor , a live room in front with a beautiful fireplace and a grand piano , and a country kitchen in the rear , complete with pot hang over a large butcher block . nick ( 17 ) practice cello and lexi ( 15 ) practice piano ; they play haydn 's " Trio # 13 . " now handsome young man , they blonde hair have darken to brown . Nick be huskier ; lexi have a slighter build . both be passionate , talented musician . on the couch , rachel ( 12 ) , a mature , beautiful Black girl , rosin she bow . rachel how come you guy do not play the violin ? lexi well , picture she be you teacher and you mother . Rachel crack up but stifles she laughter as roberta enter from outside with allegra . roberta hi Rachel . be right with you . as roberta remove allegra 's leash , Rachel and lexi share a conspiratorial look . in the b.g. , Nick pack up he cello . roberta ( to Nick ) you be gonna practice upstairs ? nick no. I be do . roberta already ? you have barely practice . nick what -- be you timing I with a stop watch ? why do not you pick on lexi for a change ? lexi ' Cause I be perfect . Nick jostle he and head upstairs . lexi get up from the piano . lexi ( to Rachel ) have a good lesson . he cross to a sharp - look bike park behind the front door and address roberta . lexi I will be back in a couple of hour . roberta be careful . lexi mouth " be careful " along with she . ext . river east park - dusk lexi play basketball with a group of Black and latino guy . despite he small stature , he 's a great athlete , and a accept part of the group . the game end . he and he buddy lawrence ( now 16 ) , both all sweaty , cross to a water fountain . as lexi take a drink -- male voice ( o.s. ) can I try you bike ? lexi wipe he mouth and look up at henry ( 18 ) , a tall , intimidating Black teenager who tower over he . lawrence watch tensely . lexi I be gonna be leave pretty soon . henry just wanna take it for a spin . lawrence c'mon , Henry -- he do not want to loan you he bike . henry I do not hear he say that . ( to lexi ) be that true ? do you say that ? lexi look at he , know there 's only one right answer . int . live room - day roberta and Rachel play bach 's " minuet one " together on the violin . the girl have obvious talent . roberta vibrato ... do not wiggle you wrist . Rachel stop , frustrated . rachel dang ! I can not get that right . roberta you almost have it . rachel almost be not good enough . roberta do I turn you into such a perfectionist ? rachel no . I come that way . roberta ( smile , then ) just as long as you get it right for you julliard audition . rachel what ? roberta I have recommend you for a gift kid scholarship . Rachel look at she in wide - eye gratitude . angle - lexi enter the front door , a glum look on he face . roberta where 's the bike ? int . honda / ext . east harlem street - night roberta drive with Nick in the front , lexi and lawrence in the back . they're in a dangerous look part of East harlem . lexi Mom , please . do not do this to I ! nick c'mon , Mom -- why do not you let I handle this ? roberta be we get closer , lawrence ? lawrence it 's the next block up . lexi ( to roberta ) you do not have to do this . I will pay you back . roberta how ? it take I six month to save up for it . nick I will help he , o.k .? we will both pay you back . lexi or we will ask dad -- he will help we out . roberta yeah , right . lawrence o.k. , slow down . it 's the second one on the right . roberta slow the car down next to a housing project . ext . housing project - night not a place you would want to go into , even in the day time . pull back to reveal this be they Pov from inside the car . the boy look frighten , but roberta 's on a mission . nick c'mon Mom , let 's get out of here . roberta lock the door . and she exit . the boy watch as she head for the building , then lexi shake he head and cover he face . lexi I be dead . she 's gonna get I kill . Nick jump out of the car and head after she . nick I be come with you ! roberta no . get back in the car and stay with the boy . Nick hesitates and head back . roberta press on . lawrence open the window and call to she . lawrence do not take the stair ! int . tenement build - lobby - night close on the elevator door with a handwritten sign that read out of order . wider - roberta stand in front of the elevator , stare tensely at the sign . she take a deep breath , then head for the staircase . int . tenement build - stairwell - night roberta climb the dimly - light stair of a dilapidate , scary building . o.s. a baby cry , a couple of tv 's blare . int . tenement build - hallway - continuous at the top of the stair , roberta turn down the hall , pass a door riddled with bullet hole . she find the apartment and knock . no response . she knock again . old woman ( o.s. ) yeah ? roberta I be a school teacher . Henry have take my son 's bicycle and I want it back . a beat , then the door crack open , a old woman visible through the chain lock . old woman Henry 's not here . roberta well you tell Henry that if he return the bike , I will not have to notify the police -- or he school principal . although since I be a teacher , it would be very easy for I to do that . a couple of beat . old woman he 's not home . he do not get home till late . roberta how late ? old woman not till after ten . roberta I will be on the step of cpe 1 at 11 p.m. I will be wait for he . the door close . roberta exhales . do she just do that ? ext . cpe 1 - night roberta , Nick , lexi and lawrence sit on the front step of the school . the street be desert . lexi you be crazy . he 's not gonna show . roberta sit confidently . nick you think he actually care that you be a teacher ? you think he even go to school ? lexi c'mon , Mom -- let 's just go . roberta it 's only five after eleven . Nick and lexi roll they eye and exchange a look : she 's nut . suddenly , there 's the SOUND of a bicycle . Nick , lexi and lawrence look towards the sound , incredulous . lexi stand . Henry ride up on the bike and dismount . lexi look directly at he as he take the bike from he . henry I be just borrow it . he glance at roberta , then walk off . int . cpe 1 - classroom - day roberta stand in front of isabel 's class and call out name , hand the select child acceptance letter . the kid be charge up ; " my heart be pound ! " " please pick I ! " roberta shandra Wilson . a pretty Black girl with braid and ton of barrettes jump up and down , then run up for she letter . the kid squeal and cheer for each student call . shandra hug she best friend myesha , a chubby Black girl who also hold a letter . roberta Justin brady . justin raise he fist in triumph . angle - ramon anxiously wait to see if he name will be call . justin sit down next to he , wave he letter in Ramon 's face , taunting he . roberta vanessa klein . vanessa take she letter and smile . she put it into she cat-shape backpack . roberta o.k . one more name ... Ramon cross he finger and hold he breath . roberta Leonard Hood . ramon look crush . justin taunt he some more . leonard , a scrawny white boy take he letter , scared by it . he start to cry . leonard it 's too hard ! I do not wanna do it ! isabel do not you even wanna try , Leonard ? leonard ( through tear ) I do not want to ! isabel look at roberta . roberta well , o.k. then . I will pick someone else . ( she pick a name ) Ramon olivas . Ramon 's face light up . ext . school yard - day as roberta walk through the yard , she see kid excitedly show acceptance letter to they mom . shandra and myesha hold hand as they run to shandra 's mom , beverly wilson , push a stroller . she look at the letter and hug shandra . angle - ramon read he letter to he mother , concepcion ( 45 ) , whose eye tell you that she 's live through a lot . she speak with a Puerto rican accent . ramon this be to inform you that you child , Ramon olivas , have be choose by lottery to be in the violin program . concepcion you happy ? Ramon spin round and round with the letter in he hand . concepcion I think you be happy . ext . river east elementary school - day roberta illegally park she old Honda , rush out of the car , grab she book bag and three violin , pull a parking ticket from she pocket and put it on the windshield . woman' voice ( o.s. ) ( german accent ) do that really work ? roberta turn . it 's dorothea , the photographer we see in the classroom . roberta no . but I keep try . and maybe someday the school will give I a parking space ! she rush towards the school and dorothea follow she . dorothea wait -- she hand roberta a thin box . roberta put down she violin , glance inside it and forget about be late . insert -- terrific black and white shot of roberta 's advanced class play violin . roberta ( o.s. ) God , this be great . back to scene dorothea that copy be for you . roberta thank you . can I ... pay for you they ? dorothea do not be silly . besides -- you will need you money for parking ticket . they smile at each other . dorothea what you be do for this child be wonderful . my husband 's a violinist -- he be quite impressed when I tell he about you . roberta what 's he name ? dorothea Arnold steinhardt . roberta of the guarneri string quartet ? dorothea nod , and hand roberta a card . dorothea stay in touch . let we know when the kid have a concert . rachel , head for school , call out to roberta . rachel do not be late for violin class ! I hear the teacher 's really mean . roberta smile , slip the card in she pocket , nod to dorothea and follow Rachel . int . river east school - music room - day roberta 's advanced class play " can -can . " Rachel 's one of the eight sixth -grader . roberta play along , crossing to amanda , a white girl in a country - western outfit . roberta amanda , what do I tell you about wear cowboy boot to violin class ? they be too slippery ! she cross to a pudgy Black / Puerto rican boy with glass . roberta relax you two , Simon ... she glance at stephanie , a white girl with red hair , next to kenny , a Black boy with a earnest expression . roberta you stop sign have to be up , Kenny ! Stephanie , it do not look like you ever have a lesson with I ! carlo ( 13 ) hurry in , a handsome Black boy in a baseball jacket that say " los leone . " he look 15 . roberta where 's you violin , carlos ? carlo it 's come . he nervously look down the hall . roberta what , be it walk here by itself ? a Black third - grade girl rush into the room and hand carlos he violin , then run off . roberta cross to carlos as he quickly ready the violin . roberta you buddy give you a hard time ? carlo look , it 's just not cool . you would not understand . roberta hey , you want you sister to carry you violin , that 's fine . but be she practice for you too ? because lately , that 's how it sound . carlo I have be busy ! I have be -- roberta I be not interested ! just get here on time , and commit to this class or I do not want you in here , you understand ? he nod sullenly . roberta you be a good violinist , carlos -- and it 's definitely not " cool " to waste you own talent . carlos take this in as roberta cross to another student . ext . ramon' apartment - east harlem - establishing - night it 's upstairs from a grocery store on a busy street . int . ramon' apartment - live room - night Ramon sit on the floor , upset , half - heartedly building with lego , while he parent argue in the kitchen . his father manuelo be a stocky , muscular man . intercut between the two area . this be a modest , well - keep apartment . off the kitchen , religious candle burn on a shelf above a wash machine . manuelo why do not you show it to I ? concepcion it just need one parent 's signature . manuelo ( with some Spanish ) well , I be he parent and I do not give permission ! he should be play baseball , not the violin ! concepcion it make he happy . on ramon , look far from happy at the moment . ext . river east school - day Rachel step off a city bus , carry she violin . she pass two sixth - grade boy and a girl . boy # 1 ( loudly ) ooh , check out little miss violinhead . girl she carry that violin with she all the time ' cause she think she special . Rachel turn to they . rachel I be special . she proudly continue on , then see roberta walk towards the school and catch up to she . rachel ( nonchalant ) so I hear from julliard . roberta stop and look at she . roberta and ? rachel they say yes ! roberta give she a big hug . int . cpe 1 - music room - day on the beginner' CLASS , include Ramon , as they play " lightly row . " roberta walk around , make correction as she address the student . she do not see Justin poke Ramon with he bow ; Ramon swat the bow away and glare at he nemesis . roberta move some of shandra 's braid away from the violin . roberta so when you take the violin home , tape you music to the wall directly in front of you nose so you can play with perfect posture . you parent be gonna be so excited to hear you play ! int . ramon be house - live room - night screeching come from Ramon 's room as he practice " lightly row . " his brother , pedro ( 18 ) and ernesto ( 17 ) , cringe as they try to watch t.v. ernesto give up and put on he walkman ; pedro 's ready to break the violin . concepcion listen patiently as she fold laundry , but even she wince . pedro ( yell ) Ramon ! how many cat you kill in there ? intercut ramon - he play with pride , eye on the music tape to the wall . int . cpe 1 - music room - day ( a few month later ) on ramon , he improve play show that time have pass . wider - the beginner 's class play " lightly row . " justin be struggle more than the other student . roberta play along with the class , eyeing each student . roberta more bow ! to the frog ! myesha , you stop sign line should be touch . do not let it wiggle ! you be on the wrong string , Justin ! and look at you foot ! vanessa enter the front door without she violin . roberta where 's you violin ? vanessa I forget . roberta Goodbye ! and you may be drop . vanessa pout and exit . roberta move to rosario , a Puerto rican girl . roberta look at that nail , Rosario ! she pull a clipper from she pocket and swiftly clip they . myesha nervously glance at she own nail . roberta I see you over there , myesha . she move to Ramon and correct he bow position . roberta ( to Ramon ) you be do much better . as roberta walk on to the next student , Justin purposely knock over Ramon 's music stand . ramon Drop dead , Justin ! justin it be a accident ! ramon be not ! roberta Ramon , I do not like that kind of talk . Justin , pick up he stand , now ! we spring concert be in three week and you might not be in it . be that what you want ? ext . cpe 1 - day as roberta head for she car , she see vanessa be help into a car by she father , he suit wrinkle and tie loosen . there 's snow on the ground . roberta Mr. klein ? I be gonna have to drop vanessa from the class if she keep forget she violin . mr. klein ( sotto ) she 's go back and forth between house . my wife and I split up . roberta ( soften ) oh. I be sorry . roberta lean into the car window . roberta vanessa , maybe you could write down for you Mom and dad which day be violin day . vanessa ( almost in tear ) the tape do not stick . roberta what ? vanessa I tape the music to the wall at my Mom 's house and then I take it to my dad 's house and it do not stick anymore . Mr. klein 's eye tear up and he quickly wipe they . roberta well you know what ? that 's a easy problem to solve . she look through she book bag , take out a piece of music and give it to she . roberta now you have two , o.k .? one for each house . vanessa nod , clutching the piece of music . roberta and Mr. klein exchange a look . she touch he arm , then walk off . int . ramon' house - night Ramon , hold he bow and violin , cross to he father who 's watch a baseball game on t.v. ramon you wanna hear my new song , papa ? manuelo ( in Spanish ) not right now . Ramon exit , hurt . concepcion watch from the side , and cross to she husband . concepcion we make mistake with pedro and ernesto and we can not fix they now , but Ramon -- he work so hard . the violin make he want to be good at everything . he show no response , and she exit . manuelo ponder what she say . ext . cpe 1 elementary school - day ( morning ) roberta approach the school on a winter morning . she smile as she see vanessa get out of she mother be car with she violin . roberta near the front door and find isabel and some teacher huddle in conversation . a few student be cry . roberta ( to isabel ) what happen ? int . music room - day the beginner sit on the floor and rosin they bow . a few chat , but it 's quieter than usual , except for ramon who be " bless " kid with he violin bow . ramon you go to heaven ... you go to hell ... you go to hell ... heaven ... roberta enter slowly . she look very shake up . she take note of what Ramon be do , and overhear toussaint and shandra in mid-conversation . toussaint my grandpa die and my uncle , so that make six . shandra I know more than that . at least seven people ... maybe even nine . roberta gently tell Ramon to sit , and then she sit down on a child - size chair in front of they . roberta ( quietly ) I know that you have all hear the bad news about Justin . myesha I do not hear . toussaint there be a drive - by shoot by he house and he get shot on accident and he die . myesha take this in , look sad . roberta do anyone want to talk about it ? ramon ( angry ) I think we should just play violin . roberta watch he . int . ramon be house - live room / kitchen area - day concepcion cook chicken and pedro set the table , whistling along to Ramon 's o.s. violin play " we shall overcome . " there 's a knock on the door . concepcion answer it , revealing roberta . concepcion roberta ! come in . roberta enter . roberta I come by to check on Ramon . concepcion ( confuse ) why ? roberta do not he tell you what happen at school ? concepcion shake she head no . int . ramon be room - day Ramon be still play violin as concepcion and roberta enter . when he see roberta he straighten up even more . concepcion roberta want to talk to you , o.k .? he nod . concepcion touch he head , then exit . ramon do that sound o.k.? roberta yeah , it do . Ramon smile , pleased with himself . roberta I have be think about Justin . remember how mad I get the last time I see he ? ramon yeah . you get very strict with he . roberta it be not always so easy to be nice to he , you know ? Ramon look away from she , upset . ramon you think Justin 's in heaven or hell ? roberta Heaven . Ramon run he finger along he bow . ramon I tell he to drop dead . roberta touch Ramon 's back . roberta Justin do not die because of what you say . I promise . ramon how do you know ? roberta I do not think you be that powerful , do you ? I mean , if you have such power , just imagine what kind of violin player you would be by now ! ramon yeah . I would be better than you ! they laugh together , then Ramon look sad again . roberta it 's o.k. to cry , you know . ramon not for a man . roberta my boy still cry and they be big , strong young man now . ( beat ) I bet Justin 's daddy cry . Ramon 's eye get teary . roberta quietly leave the room . ext . roberta's brownstone - establishing - day ( spring ) int . roberta's brownstone - live room - day roberta bring in the mail , look curiously at a manila envelope with a return address from the NY review of book . she open it , look inside , then pour out a batch of other letter onto the table . they be address to BOX holder 127 . she open one , read it , then rush to a intercom . roberta Nick , lexi ! get down here right now ! int . roberta's brownstone - moment later nick we be just try to help ! Nick and lexi stand by the table , opposite roberta -- with the incriminate pile of letter between they . roberta this be humiliate ! nick Mom , no one know it 's you ! I mean , you do not even have to read they if you do not want to . ( glance at pile ) although obviously , a lot of guy be interested in dating you . roberta no . a lot of guy be interested in dating you and lexi. ( beat ) what do you say about I , anyway ? they think she would never ask . nick " beautiful musician , late 40' , tired of play solo -- lexi -- seek a healthy , stable , attractive man who 's not afraid of a duet with a strong , independent woman . nick my violin play will feed you soul ... lexi ... and my lasagna will be music to you palate . " they beam with pride . roberta look at they , mortify . roberta oh , my God . lexi do you catch all the music metaphor ? roberta do not you think it 's a little weird that you be try to get you mother a date ? nick do not you think it 's a little weird that you be not even interested in dating ? roberta boy , look . number one -- even if I want to date , I do not have time . and number two -- I have get my teach , I have get you guy -- that 's all I need . the boy nod , disappointed , and she exit . they look at each other with glum expression . lexi ( to Nick ) I really think she would like the music metaphor . int . roberta's brownstone - live room - night roberta lie on the couch , read the personal ad letter . she toss one aside , then open another . insert the letter be design like a newspaper with a headline that read : journalism professor dan paxton answer personal ad ; hope run high beautiful musician will call for a date ! back to scene roberta can not help but be charme . int . roberta's brownstone - live room - night roberta , Nick and lexi play haydn 's " Trio # 13 " together on they respective instrument . we sense that this be a special family ritual . they play throughout they conversation : roberta I think you be flat , Nick . nick I be not flat . roberta the B sound flat . nick just play the violin , Mom . I will take care of the cello . they play for a few beat . lexi you nervous , Mom ? roberta no. I be fine . the doorbell ring and roberta jump up , bolt into the bathroom down the hall . lexi and Nick exchange a smile , then lexi cross to the door and open it . int . doorway - continuous stand in the doorway be a man in casual college professor attire . he 's nice - look , but no Prince charm . he shake lexi 's hand and smile warmly . dan hi. I be Dan paxton . lexi show he in . int . roberta's bathroom - continuous in the mirror - roberta take a last look at herself , wonder if he will find she attractive . she touch she hair , adjust she dress , then take a deep breath as she build up she courage . int . roberta's brownstone - live room - continuous roberta enter the live room where Dan be chat with Nick and lexi . Dan see she and be instantly smitten . dan ( shaking she hand ) wow . a honest woman . roberta honest ? dan you ad . when you say you be beautiful , you be tell the truth . she smile , blush , and avoid eye contact with she son who be try really hard not to laugh . as she and Dan start to exit : nick make sure you be home by midnight , young lady . int . roberta's brownstone - live room - night close on clock it read 12:30 . wider - Nick and lexi play a video game on the tv screen . o.s. , there 's the SOUND of a car . they race to the window . lexi ten buck he try to kiss she . nick that 's a no-brainer . of course he will try . the real question be whether she will let he . lexi o.k. -- ten buck she let he . nick you be on . they stare out the window intently . int . dan be car - night Dan pull he car up in front of roberta 's house . beside he , roberta hold a program from a lincoln Center concert . roberta 's tense , but Dan seem relaxed and center in he attraction to she . dan I have a lot of fun tonight . roberta yeah , I do too . dan I have a confession -- I have never answer a ad before . I do it on a dare . roberta well , I have a confession -- my boy place the ad behind my back . they both laugh , then smile at each other . a awkward beat : will he or will not he ? Dan lean in to kiss she , and roberta turn away , uncertain . roberta look , Dan -- I go along with this ' cause it 's be a while . quite a while ... and I have a very nice time ... but I be not sure if I be ready to get involved with anyone right now . a beat . roberta feel badly about rejecting he . dan ( deadpan ) do this mean I do not get any lasagna ? roberta crack up . Dan smile at she . int . roberta's brownstone - night roberta enter . the boy be back to they video game , cover that they have be spying on she . roberta why be you guy still up ? nick ( all innocence ) why ? be it late ? roberta good try , Nick . lexi so how be it ? roberta well ... he 's nice . nick " Nice " ? as in " let 's just be friend " nice ? roberta I do not know yet . we will see . Nick look disappointed . nick there 's still a lot more letter . roberta good night , Nick . she start head upstairs . lexi hey , Mom -- can you loan I ten dollar ? int . cpe 1 - music room - day the blackboard read : spring concert in 10 day ! practice practice practice ! roberta rush in , frazzle , not notice at first that the beginner be very quiet -- and that most do not have violin . roberta guy , I be so sorry -- I get stick over at cpe 2 ... she put she stuff down , then look at the kid . roberta what 's go on ? where be all you violin ? ramon we hear you get fire . roberta what ?! ext . hallway - day Janet and Dennis talk outside Janet 's office . roberta storm over to they . Janet look at she , alarmed . roberta be it true ? janet why do not you come in my office ? roberta it 's true ? you be fire I ? janet it 's not I , roberta . the board of ed. cut the budget , the District have to comply , and as of the end of this term , the violin program have be ... excess . roberta take this in , momentarily speechless . in the b.g. , the beginner slip into the hall to watch . roberta excess . ( beat ) they specifically say that my violin program have to go . janet they have slashed the budget -- music and art program get hit the worst . roberta what about Dennis ' class ? dennis I be tenure , roberta . roberta look at he , then back to Janet . roberta when be this decide ? janet thing happen very quickly ... I want to tell you myself -- roberta ( reeling ) I just ... I can not even believe this be happen ! dennis why not ? you be a sub . you position have never be permanent . janet shut up , Dennis ! you be not help ! ( softly , to roberta ) come into my office , please . they leave Dennis stand there , look as if he 's have he face slap . int . janet william ' office - continuous roberta there 's gotta be a way to fight this ! janet fight it with what ? I do not have any other extra program to give they instead . roberta oh , I see . so after ten year , after fourteen hundred child have learn to play the violin , this be just a " extra program . " janet you know I do not feel that way and you know damn well I have be stand by you all this year ! you think I have not notice what you have do for this kid ? roberta then do something ! janet ( point to she phone ) I have be on this phone for the past three day try to " do something " -- the District office can not even stand the sound of my voice . believe I , there be some people around here I would much rather get rid of . but as far as the board 's concerned , violin class be not a priority . roberta 's fury start to give way to grief . she look terribly wounded . Janet look at she helplessly . janet I do not have the power here , roberta . I be so sorry . a beat , and roberta exit . ext . school yard - day roberta 's daze and in pain as she walk through the crowd of child , oblivious to kid call she name and wave . int . roberta's brownstone - day ( late afternoon ) Nick and lexi enter the darken house , chat as Nick wheel in the bike and lexi bounce a basketball . they turn on a light to reveal roberta sit at the kitchen table with a glass of wine , she face ashen . nick what happen ? ext . street - day ( late afternoon ) roberta , Nick and lexi walk allegra in they neighborhood . roberta look wear out . roberta I be a good teacher . I have work so hard to give this kid something to be proud of . lexi move to comfort she . lexi I be so sorry , Mom . I can not believe they do this to you . roberta it 's like when my father get kill . for twenty year , he follow every safety rule the factory have , and then someone else flip the wrong switch ... ( she choke up ) it 's not fair . you do everything right and then ... nick it 's the wrong analogy . you could not do anything about grandpa 's death . it be irreversible . this be not . roberta tell that to the board of Education . nick let I ask you something . why do you risk you life for a bicycle ? roberta and lexi look at Nick , baffle as to the relevance of the question . roberta I do not risk my life . nick of course you do ! that building ? threaten Henry ? and for what -- two hundred dollar ? roberta no . not for that . lexi then why ? roberta when someone steal something that belong to my kid , I be not gonna sit back and let that happen ! a beat as she realize what she 's just say . the boy look at she and the three of they stop walk . roberta guy -- you need to think about this . if I try to fight this -- with no salary come in -- I could lose the house , screw up you college plan ... it would be a lot safer to just go out tomorrow and get a job in a private school . lexi yeah , but be that where you really want to be ? int . roberta's house - live room - night roberta frantically search through she purse , then cross to a hall closet and quickly check the pocket of she coat and jacket . she feel inside a jacket pocket , then find it : dorothea' business card . ext . columbia university - establishing - day int . columbia university - dept . of journalism - day follow dan paxton as he walk down the hall towards he office and see a strange silver object on the floor in front of he office door . he pick it up . insert -- a foil - cover plate with a note on top : do you know anyone at the new york time ? back to scene Dan lift up the foil to reveal a large piece of lasagna . int . cpe 1 auditorium - the concert - stage - night seventy-five kide play " we shall overcome " and it 's incredibly move . Nick 's on cello , lexi play piano . roberta proudly lead the child . at the side of the stage , we see dorothea photograph the concert . the camera pan the audience of teary - eye parent , many of they with cam corder . we find Ramon 's family . manuelo be rivert by he son 's play , and he start to cry . concepcion know this without look . she take he hand . angle - janet stand along the side and she eye start to fill with tear . she try to stay compose , then discreetly exit the auditorium . the song end and the audience applaud , rise from they seat , include assunta ( now 65 ) , next to isabel and dan . someone remain seat : a reporter ( 40' ) , sit beside Dan and take note . the student bow , then point to roberta who bow and take the stage . she gesture for people to sit . a beginner student bring she flower . roberta kiss she , then approach the mike . roberta ( to the audience ) the beautiful concert that you just hear could be the last concert of the East harlem violin Program . the board of Education and the District superintendent do not think that music be important for we child . but they be wrong -- and they be in for a fight . the parent stand and applaud . we see the reporter write quickly . dorothea snap more picture . roberta extend a arm towards the kid , direct the applause at they . Ramon give she a thumb up . int . roberta's brownstone - live room - night roberta be vacuume the live room while assunta dust . extra chair be set up in the live room in preparation for a meeting . the doorbell ring . roberta someone 's early . follow assunta to the door . she open it , revealing janet , who 's carry two bag of grocery . assunta 's demeanor instantly cool when she see she . in the b.g. roberta see Janet and turn off the vacuum cleaner . janet hello , assunta . how be you ? assunta I would be a lot better if my daughter have a job next year . roberta ma! janet ( to assunta ) I would too . Janet briskly walk into the live room , put the grocery bag down on a table , and begin to take thing out of they . roberta watch she , mystify . janet ( to roberta ) sorry I be early , but I figure we would need time to set up . roberta watch Janet for a beat , then address assunta . roberta mama , why do not you take allegra out for a walk ? assunta hesitates for a beat , then get the dog and exit . Janet continue unpack the bag as if there 's nothing unusual about she be there . cheese , cracker , bread , salad , fruit , paper plate , napkin , etc . she see roberta 's confuse expression . janet you be have a meeting here tonight , right ? Parents and teacher ? roberta well , yes , but ... janet take it from I . if you want to get parent to help you with something , you have to feed they . she hold up two wedge of cheese . janet you have a cut board for this ? roberta cross into the kitchen and return with a cut board and a knife . janet ( as she continue to unpack ) and if you think parent be bad , teacher be even worse , no offense . if you do not feed they , you never get anything extra out of they . that 's why I get this . she pull out a entenmann 's blackout cake . janet entenmann 's get they every time . roberta continue to stare in amazement at Janet . janet what ? do not tell I you expect I to bring something homemade . roberta ( as she take the cake from she ) well , no ... I -- janet good . because take it from I -- my own family beg I to stay out of the kitchen . roberta what I do not expect be for you to be here . janet why not ? we have gotta figure out a way to fight this . ( as she arrange cracker on a plate ) after ten year , roberta , I can not imagine walk through that hallway and not hearing that off - key , screechy , scratchy , nail - on - the - blackboard violin music . roberta smile . Janet hold up a baguette . janet what do you think ? cut it into slice now , or leave it whole ? roberta let 's cut it now . it will be less messy . Janet hand she the bread . a beat as the two woman exchange a private smile , then return to they respective task . int . roberta's brownstone - night there 's a crowd of parent assemble in roberta 's front room , talk at once , yell out idea , include concepcion , beverly wilson ( shandra 's mom ) , mr. adam ( Black ) and mrs . adam ( Puerto rican ) , the parent of James ( from roberta 's first year ) and Simon . dorothea , janet , isabel be also there ; assunta be keep tabs on the refreshment . isabel do not they realize how much this program help the kid ? mr. adam Simon 's we third child to study with roberta . James be pre-med , April 's valedictorian -- now that say something ! mr. klein I think we should inundate the board and the District with letter . janet you be waste you time . the board and the District be not gonna pay for this program , no matter how many letter they get . disappointed grumbling . isabel what if we raise the money ourselves ? janet I can not see how they would object to that . a beat as people take this in . concepcion well once that newspaper article come out , that should help bring in money . beverly yeah , but what if it do not ? for all we know , it 's gonna be bury on the back page . besides , who say anyone 's gonna give a damn about we kid ? dorothea ( to roberta ) what if you do a benefit concert ? we can raise a batch of money from ticket sale , and then the concert itself could be great publicity . there 's word of mouth ... you could get review ... roberta it better be a good concert ! some people laugh but we see the anxiety on roberta 's face . roberta we have to offer something more than I and the kid . ( to dorothea ) do you think maybe you husband would perform with we ? dorothea ( slyly ) I be sure I could persuade he with a little pillow talk . and maybe he can get another violinist too -- itzhak perlman , perhaps . this get people 's attention . roberta that would be fantastic . dorothea we could rent a place like the 92nd Street y -- it 's perfect for this . it seat about nine hundred people and if we charge between fifty and a hundred a ticket -- isabel ( to roberta ) we could probably raise enough to reinstate you program for a year . janet sound like a plan . roberta ( half to herself ) it better be a good concert . the doorbell ring and roberta cross to get it . dan enter , hold copy of the NY post , the DAILY news , and a couple of other papers . each paper have be open to a specific page . dan take you pick . roberta grab the top one -- the post -- open to page 5 . insert the page have a photo of roberta at the spring concert , and a large article headline a violin teacher fight back . int . music room - day lot of chaos as a television news crew set up . roberta try futilely to get the beginner to pay attention to she . roberta kid , listen to I -- it 's really important that you do not look at the camera and you try to act as natural as possible . Dennis storm in . dennis who authorize this ? roberta Janet . dennis well Janet 's not here today and I want this people out of here . the kid quiet down and watch they argue . a camera guy start shoot the argument and Dennis see he . dennis turn that off , you hear I ? roberta why be you do this ? we be not bother anyone . dennis you be disrupt school and I want they out of here -- now . roberta you still do not get it , do you ? I do not care if you hate I , Dennis -- that 's you business . but think about the student for once . every time you interfere , you be not hurt I -- you be hurt they . she point to the kid . they be silent , wait to see if roberta get through to he . a beat . dennis get this people out of here or I be call the police . roberta go right ahead , call they . that will look real good on the eleven o'clock news . a beat and he exit . roberta take a deep breath , then turn back to the kid who be watch she , impressed . ramon I do not hear no siren . int . roberta's brownstone - live room - night on the tv be the news segment : roberta speak to a unseen interviewer . roberta I be from a blue collar family , and if it be not for the lesson I get in public school , I never would have learn the violin . it cut to roberta 's beginner speak to the interviewer . interviewer ( o.s. ) how do it make you feel to lose you violin program ? shandra it make we sad ! ramon yeah , like we be never gonna have no more violin lesson -- vanessa and it 's bad because ... because we love violin class . wider - reveal roberta , lexi and Nick watch the tv . int . arnold steinhardt and dorothea' apartment - night on tv - the same news segment , another SOUND bite roberta yes , I have get offer from two private school , but this be where I want to be . dorothea ( o.s. ) Arnold , this kid need help . wider - reveal a comfortable Upper East side apartment and dorothea watch t.v. while arnold practice violin . there 's framed photography on the wall , sign by dorothea . arnold do not we send they a donation ? dorothea they need something bigger . and you can not just write a check -- you have to get involved . arnold involve how ? the look on she face tell he it 's more than he bargain for . arnold uh-oh . int . series of shot - day 1 . Arnold steinhardt speak on the phone . his roladex be open to the name itzhak perlman . in the b.g. , dorothea tensely wait to hear if itzhak perlman will say yes . 2 . Parents , roberta , Nick and lexi hang " fiddlefest concert " poster around they neighborhood , announce a concert at the 92nd STREET y with arnold steinhardt , itzhak perlman and student from the east harlem violin program . 3 . Parents -- include beverly Wilson , concepcion , Mr. Adams and carlos ' mom and dad -- stuff envelope with invitation to " fiddlefest " and accompany letter and ticket order form . roberta and dorothea open envelope with fill - out ticket order form and check . they stack the check in a pile , address return envelope and place fiddlefest ticket inside they . int . music room - day thirty - three excited kid from roberta 's different class chat , tune they violin , rosin they bow . the student include carlos , Stephanie , amanda , Kenny , Rachel , Simon , Ramon , vanessa , and shandra . roberta enter the room , full of energy , and address they as she head to the front . roberta listen up , everyone ! quiet down ! the student give she they attention . roberta you be my very best beginner and advanced violin student and I have choose you to play in fiddlefest because I trust that you can handle the pressure . it 's gonna be a lot of work -- a lot . right now , we have sell some ticket , but I be not gonna be back here in the fall if the audience storm out of they seat , demand a refund ! she nod to Rachel who start hand out sheet of music . roberta Rachel 's gonna be my lieutenant and I expect you to listen to she . Ramon look through he music sheet . ramon bach 's " minuet one " ? roberta people be gonna be pay good money for this concert -- we be not just gonna play " twinkle . " ( hand out papers ) I be pass out a contract that you and you parent need to sign . the kid read the contract . carlos ' eye widen . carlo every Saturday and Sunday ? roberta plus night time rehearsals during the week . there 's only six week till the concert , so class in school will not be enough . the kid look sober by this . roberta come to think of it , we will probably also need to meet before school . lot of grumble : " say what ? " " no way ! " " before school ? " I 'ma be sleepwalk ! " roberta you have hear of navy seal train ? well , this be gonna be roberta string train . another angle - two young man and two young woman walk in , carry violin . we realize from the scar that one be naeem ( 20 ) , now a strikingly handsome man , over six foot tall . with he be do sean ( 19 ) , a short guy with dreadlock , look more like a rapper than a violinist . guadalupe ( 19 ) , walk with a cane , be now a beautiful young woman , she long braid pin up . the fourth be a reserve Puerto rican woman ( 20 ) . roberta oh my god ! naeem ! De Sean ! ( hug they ) guadalupe ! she hug she , then look closely at the other woman . roberta Lucy ? be that you ? the woman snap she finger and smile . roberta laugh and embrace she , then turn to the student . roberta kid , this be four of my very first violin student and I have ask they to play in the concert with we . ( to the alumnus ) I be just tell they how hard they be gonna have to work . do sean ( to class ) take it from I -- this lady do not lie . y'all be gonna work you butt off . int . ramon' house - night Ramon 's father carefully read the violin contract while Ramon and concepcion anxiously watch . he stop to look up a word in the English - Spanish dictionary beside he . Ramon and he mom be squirming . manuelo nod as he finish read , then sign the contract . Ramon break into a smile , throw he little arm around he papa and kiss he . ext . river east - day School 's let out ; carlos ' sister exit , carry carlos ' violin . a few beat later , carlos quickly exit , check he watch . he see he los leone teammate stand in a group , and try to bypass they without be notice , but they spot he . teammate # 1 hey carlos ! where ya goin ' ? we get a game , remember ? carlo yeah , I know , but ... I can not make it . teammate # 1 what you talkin ' about ? carlo I just can not make it . teammate # 2 you get a date with the violin teacher ? a beat . carlo yeah . I do . he dash off , a barrage of Spanish and English curse behind he , and cross to he sister , wait for he down the STREET . he take the violin from she and carry it himself . int . cpe music room - day the fiddlefest kid , include carlos , vanessa , shandra , Ramon , Stephanie , amanda , Kenny , Simon , Thomas , De Sean and guadalupe practice bach 's " minuet one , " roberta lead they and give direction . they be play badly . Rachel play as well , but walk around the room make correction . it 's early morning , and the kid look half - asleep . roberta frog ! frog ! I need more accent on the down beat ! more bow ! more ! they play a few more bar and still sound pretty bad . roberta stop ! stop ! ( they do so ) you sound horrible ! be not anyone practice ? carlo how can we practice ? we be rehearse all the time . some kid laugh , include Stephanie . roberta ( to Stephanie ) you think this be funny , Stephanie ? ( to all of they ) you think the four hundred people who have buy ticket so far will think it 's funny too ? you think itzhak perlman will think it 's funny that he 's donate he time and you be all gonna stink ? vanessa yawn and roberta see she . uh-oh . roberta be I boring you , vanessa ? vanessa no . it 's 7:30 in the morning . I be just tired . roberta there 's no time to be tired . ( to all , get she violin in position ) let 's try it again . int . arnold and dorothea' apartment - day dorothea open the door for roberta who just charge in , agitate , without even say hello . we sense that dorothea too , be troubled by something . roberta I must have be crazy to agree to this . they be never gonna be ready . and you should hear the bach double ! a disaster . so the good news be ticket be sell like hot cake , but the bad news be that the kid sound like shit . dorothea there 's more bad news ... we have lose the y. roberta look at she , aghast . roberta what ?! dorothea they have a flood -- a water heater burst ... the concert hall be damage and they have cancel all event . roberta until when ? dorothea " until further notice . " roberta this can not happen ! we have sell ticket ! we have do publicity ! the concert 's in three week ! dorothea I have be on the phone all morning call other theater . nothing 's available . they both sink into the couch , completely undone by this . roberta just keep look . int . roberta's brownstone - night the fiddlefest kid be cramme into roberta 's house , ( include De Sean , guadalupe , Ramon , vanessa , shandra , carlos , Thomas , Stephanie , amanda , Kenny , and Simon ) , rehearse " Orange blossom special . " they play badly . Rachel help roberta correct student . roberta stop ! someone 's play the wrong note ! and you should not need you music anymore ! except for the bach double , everything have to be memorize by next rehearsal ! the kid look at each other , daunt . roberta and you sound like you be sleepwalk . you heart 's not even in it . vanessa maybe ' cause we do not have a place for the concert . roberta look at she , and then notice the despondent look on many of the kid ' face . roberta well , you be right . this might all be for nothing . so we can either keep on rehearse in case we find a place -- or we can just ... give up . do sean be I hearing right ? do you use the word " give up " ? ( to the student ) let 's take a vote . how many of you want to give up ? no one raise a hand . roberta take this in . guadalupe see ? you teach we well . int . roberta's brownstone - kitchen - day it 's early morning . lexi cook breakfast while Nick and roberta look at scribble - on , mark - up list . roberta what about in the bronx ? nick there 's nothing . ( beat ) why do not you just do it in one of the school ? it will be a lot smaller but -- roberta we will not make enough money . lexi what about postpone it ? roberta itzhak and Arnold be book all summer . they all look depressed . lexi place a equally depress - look stack of pancake on the table . there 's a banging on the door , startling everyone . dorothea ( o.s. ) it 's dorothea . Nick open the door and dorothea rush in , out of breath , talk a mile a minute . dorothea I have good news -- really good news . Arnold get a call from he friend wally scheur who hear about we lose the y and want to see how he could help -- and then wally have this brilliant idea and call he friend Isaac stern and it 's all arrange ! we have a new place for fiddlefest ! roberta where ? dorothea Carnegie Hall . dorothea grin from ear to ear , Nick and lexi whoop and holler , and all wait for roberta to jump up and down for joy -- but she look stricken . roberta ( panicked ) Carnegie Hall ? int . carnegie hall - day close on the ceiling of carnegie hall , revolve slowly . pull back to reveal this be roberta's Pov she stand on the empty stage , gaze at the ceiling as she slowly turn around . she 's hold she violin case . she look at the upper balconies -- the lower balconies -- the orchestra seat . her footstep echo as she walk towards the front of the stage , then stop . close on roberta we can see she imagine the audience on the night of the concert . she can not believe she eye . a beat , and she look around to make sure she 's alone . she take out she violin , take a deep breath as she look out towards she " audience , " then start to play the second violin part of the bach double concerto . suddenly , there 's the SOUND of a stage door open . roberta stop . male voice ( o.s. ) incredible sound in this room , no ? roberta turn to see isaac stern approach she . she 's completely flustered . roberta oh my god -- Isaac stern . isaac stern you must be roberta . roberta thank you so much for help we . isaac stern ( look out at the hall ) would you believe in 1960 , they try to tear this place down ? they want to replace it with a bright red skyscraper -- we call it " the red terror . " roberta you be kid . isaac stern we have to fight like hell , but with a lot of help , we save Carnegie Hall . roberta take this in , relate it to she own struggle . isaac stern if it 's all right with you , I would like to play in you concert . maybe bring a couple of friend ... roberta yes , of course ! that would be great ! Isaac nod , then touch she shoulder . isaac stern do not give up . ext . sidewalk cafe , upper west side - day roberta pour nervous energy into she cappuccino , add cinnamon , chocolate , and sugar , stir loudly . Dan sit across from she , observe . roberta I just do not see how I be gonna do this . it 's huge . it 's gigantic ! it 's Carnegie Hall ! and listen to this : now Isaac stern want to play with we -- Diane Monroe , Michael Tree -- there 's other people call -- dan that 's fantastic ! roberta fantastic ? I will never get the kid up to speed in time , I will never get myself up to speed . I be gonna be play side by side with the world 's great violinist . dan and " the world 's great violinist " be play side by side with you because they want to help you win this fight . he offer she a forkful of some decadent - look chocolate cake , but she shake she head . roberta yes , but ... you do not understand . maybe there 's a good reason why I never make it as a violinist -- maybe I just can not cut it . I keep blame it on not have enough early training , but if I be talented , if I have a gift -- dan but you do have a gift . you be gonna put thirty East harlem kid on stage at Carnegie Hall not because they be prodigy , but because you get they to stick with something that 's hard as hell and to strive for excellence -- which , by the way , I certainly be not strive for when I be they age . not to mention the other ten year ' worth of student whose life be change because of you . that 's you talent , roberta . she take this in , look at he gratefully and put she hand over he . he stroke she hand . roberta I be scared . dan I know . ( beat ) and by the way , I happen to think you be a pretty good violinist too . roberta you have barely hear I play . dan I have hear enough to know you be gonna do just fine . roberta look at he with trepidation . Dan take another forkful of he cake . dan besides , no one 's gonna be pay attention to you play anyway . roberta laugh . Dan smile , glad he get she to lighten up . ext . cpe 1 - day ( early morning ) the fiddlefest kid ( include Ramon , shandra , vanessa , De Sean , naeem , guadalupe , Lucy , Simon , Stephanie , amanda and Kenny -- but rachel be absent ) stand outside the lock school gate , wait for roberta . some of the kid have they violin out of the case , tuning they . carlo teacher 's late . I think she should be drop , do not you ? kid laugh . ramon yeah . I do not think we should let she play in fiddlefest ! a few kid start play " can - can . " it catch on , and more of they join in . passersby stop to listen , and some drop change into the open case . ramon and a couple of other kid grin at this . carlo step in front of the kid as he play , and begin a uncanny imitation of roberta : carlo more bow ! to the frog ! you sound terrible ! I can not believe how terrible you sound ! the kid crack up , but a few spot roberta head quickly up the street . carlos be oblivious to this -- and no one signal he that roberta 's watch . carlo you be gonna make everyone in Carnegie Hall sick to they stomach ! that 's right , they be gonna pay a thousand dollar a ticket and you be gonna make they throw up on they gowns and tuxedo ! carlos sense a presence and turn to see roberta . a tense beat as he await she reaction . roberta ( in all seriousness ) if you be gonna imitate I , do it right . ( correct he posture ) shoulder back . violin higher . check you foot . there. ( beat ) g'head , carlos . continue . carlos freeze . carlo no , that 's o.k . you can take it from here . roberta nod , and address the kid as she unlock the gate . roberta he 's right , by the way . you do sound terrible , and you be gonna make everyone in Carnegie Hall sick to they stomach . the kid start filing in . Rachel come up the street and catch up to roberta . rachel I need to talk to you . roberta see how distress Rachel look . roberta ( to kid ) I will be right in . start on minuet one. ( to Rachel ) what 's wrong ? rachel we be move away . roberta what ? where be you move ? rachel ( look downward ) it 's a secret ... my father ... he 's be hurt my mom ... we have to leave . roberta ( gently ) have he be hurt you too ? Rachel shake she head no , then start to cry a little . rachel I be sorry about julliard ... and the concert . she hand roberta she violin . roberta keep it . take it with you . rachel no ... I do not want to play anymore . roberta what ?! you can not give up violin , Rachel -- it 's a part of you . a very important part . Rachel look anguish . roberta move closer and touch she arm . roberta please honey . just take it . rachel I do not want to . roberta look at she , pain , then hug she . Rachel quickly kiss roberta goodbye and exit . roberta watch she . int . cpe 1 - music room - a little later roberta lead De Sean , naeem , guadalupe , Lucy , Stephanie , Thomas , carlos , erica and Nicholas in the bach double concerto . the other kid watch . roberta 's on the edge of hysteria . she signal the player to stop . roberta no , no , no ! accent the up bow after the slur note and then it will get you off of that slur note ! you double concerto kid need to be work harder ! this be the grand finale of the concert ! you be each gonna be share a music stand with one of the world 's great violinist ! the kid say " the world 's great violinist " along with she -- they have obviously be hearing this a lot . roberta glare at they . roberta I think we should forget the bach double . ( to the other kid ) and you guy be never gonna get minuet one . I think we should drop that too . vanessa no ! we can do it , roberta ! carlo and we will get the bach double . we will . she stop , take a breath . naeem it 's gonna be o.k. , roberta . roberta ( vulnerable ) you think ? all the kid nod . a few beat . roberta o.k... ( not believe it ) it 's gonna be o.k. she cross to take a look at she music , and the kid exchange look that say , " oh shit . what do we just promise ? " rehearsal montage - series of shot - day 1 . carlos practice violin against the fence around River East School . in the bear g. , he buddy make fun of he . 2 . shandra practice in a school stairwell , ignore a boy who pull one of she braid as he pass by . 3 . Stephanie practice at a bus stop , she eye close , then look up and realize she 's just miss she bus . 4 . Ramon practice in he live room , he father watch attentively , then help he lift the violin higher . 5 . vanessa practice in a crowded school hallway , frustrated as kid keep bump into she . 6 . roberta , in she nightgown , practice in front of she refrigerator in the middle of the night . int . roberta's brownstone - day ( late afternoon ) pandemonium . Nick and lexi , both in tux , be do several task at once while roberta , in a simple black velvet dress and stockinge foot , try to put on she makeup but keep poke she head out of the bathroom , give order . allegra bark outside the back door . roberta Nick -- do you feed allegra ? nick ( fix lexi 's tie ) yes , Mom . roberta lexi , can you make sure the chart be still in my bag ? lexi I already check , Mom . roberta ( o.s. ) check again , please . and look for my repair kit too . assunta descend the staircase , dress in a formal dress . she hold a small jewelry box and head for the bathroom . assunta bert , which earring you want ? roberta stick she head out and pick the earring . assunta enter the small bathroom to work on she own makeup . roberta Nick ? get two more violin . nick you have already get two -- how many emergency can there be ? a beat . roberta get three more . and make sure a couple of they be half -size . Nick roll he eye and run upstairs while lexi organize thing by the door : Nick 's cello , roberta 's papers , extra violin . roberta rush out of the bathroom , adjust the earring . she start compulsively straighten the house . roberta lexi -- can you call about the car again ? lexi Mom , they be not gonna forget to send a car ! Nick come run down the stair with the violin and stare in disbelief at roberta fluffing a couch pillow . nick what be you do ? roberta just straighten a little . nick you be insane , you know that ? ( grab the pillow ) finish get dress ! he throw the pillow onto the couch . roberta head upstairs . int . carlo ' room - day in the mirror - carlos adjust he tuxedo . we see the reflection of he baseball bat , glove and trophy in the room behind he . int . guadalupe's room - day guadalupe 's mom pin up she braid , then step back to look at she daughter , radiant in a floral gown . her mom start to cry . int . shandra's room - day beverly put rhinestone - studd barrettes in shandra 's hair . int . ramon be room - day on ramon - he 's in a sharp black suit and look very dapper . wider - manuelo and concepcion stand back to admire he , then manuelo straighten Ramon 's tie , brim with pride over he son . int . roberta's brownstone - front room - day roberta ( o.s. ) shit ! Nick and assunta look towards the stair . roberta come run down . roberta can you believe this ? she turn around , revealing a rip on the back of the dress , next to the zipper . the doorbell ring . roberta it can not be time ! be it time ? assunta I will sew it in the car . ext . roberta's brownstone - day roberta , assunta and the boy step outside , amaze to see a stretch limousine double - park in front , a chauffeur wait . lexi see ? I tell you they would send a car . roberta 's open-mouthed . she lead she entourage towards the limo . the neighbor come out of they house to watch . some lean out window , gawk . ad lib ... " who 's that ? " " it 's the violin Lady ! " lawrence , dress in a tux , give lexi a high sign . the chauffeur help roberta and assunta into the limo while Nick and lexi start to load the instrument into the trunk . int . limousine - continuous roberta sit down beside assunta and turn around so assunta can mend the tear in she dress . assunta partially unzip the dress and start stitching it from the inside . roberta thank you , mama . assunta do not worry about it . you rip -- I sew . roberta not just for that . ( beat ) thank you for get I out of bed . assunta stitches , remember , and smile . assunta do not thank I -- thank Charles . roberta Charles ?! assunta if that jerk have not of leave you , none of this would have happen . roberta contemplate this . a beat . roberta thank you , Charles . her last stitch finish , assunta rip the needle from the thread . ext . carnegie hall - establishing - dusk int . carnegie hall - back stage - night the kid and they parent be practically boil over with excitement . last minute kiss , violin tuning , and clothing adjustment take place throughout the room . the boy be in suit or tux , the girl in velvet or flower dress , some with bow in they hair , some with they hair up in bun . roberta try to take a head count , dorothea confer with a stage manager , assunta fix a boy 's tie , and Janet help one girl with she hair , stop in the middle to button the back of another girl 's dress . roberta where 's vanessa ? have anyone see vanessa ? Janet look at she , concerned . janet I will call she house . angle - roberta see mrs . adisa enter the room with naeem . the two woman walk towards each other and embrace . as they start to chat , roberta suddenly see someone and excuse herself : brian be walk towards she , wear a tux . they smile at each other , but roberta 's clearly a bit shake to see he . they be not quite sure how to greet each other -- he take she hand , and then kiss she on the cheek . brian congratulation . roberta thank you ... brian I know you would get here sooner or later . I be glad I be here to see it . a beat . roberta I be too . int . carnegie hall - backstage wing area - night guadalupe shyly approach itzhak perlman , she mother behind she , silently encourage she . guadalupe Excuse I , Mr. perlman ? he turn around . guadalupe ( extend a hand ) I be guadalupe . I have want to meet you for a long time . he smile at she and they shake hand . itzhak perlman a pleasure to meet you , guadalupe . as guadalupe introduce he to she mother , carlo approach . carlo you nervous , Mr. perlman ? itzhak perlman should I be ? carlo we kid be gonna be great -- I do not know about you guy . how much do you practice ? itzhak perlman laugh . int . carnegie hall - back stage - night roberta talk to Janet with a worried expression . roberta you call vanessa 's father and mother ? janet no answer at either . a Carnegie Hall staff person in a suit enter . staff person half hour call ! it 's now half hour call ! so pace yourself accordingly . do not get more than thirty minute worth of nervous ! the room electrify with nerve . vanessa rush into the room with she father . she 's out of breath , she stock have a big run in it , and she 's in tear . vanessa they steal the car ! mr. klein with the violin . roberta oh my god. ( call ) Nick , lexi -- nick done . the boy rush over to the extra violin and look to find the right size . vanessa ( cry ) and then when we be get a taxi , I fall down . roberta comfort she and Janet move in . janet c'mon honey -- let 's get you clean up . angle - dan enter with a bouquet of long -stemm red rose . he 's in a tux and look very handsome . he cross to roberta , hand she the flower , and they hug . dan you be glow . roberta it 's terror . int . carnegie hall - night the hall be fill to capacity as people take they seat , the room buzzing with voice . int . carnegie hall - backstage - night the carnegie hall staff person enter . staff person five minute call . we now have five minute . the tension in the room shoot sky high . int . carnegie hall - stage - podium - night Janet stand onstage and address the audience . janet when I become the principal of Central Park East elementary , I envision a school where child could fulfill they high potential , despite the challenge of poverty and racism . ten year ago , roberta guaspari walk into my office because she need a job , and because she have a vision that any child could learn the violin . we put we dream together and create the East harlem violin Program which have help more than a thousand student expand they vision of what 's possible in they life . when a program like this be cut , we child 's future be compromise . I want to thank you for you support . enjoy the concert . int . carnegie hall - backstage - night in the b.g. we hear the audience applauding Janet . roberta hold up she hand to quiet down the anxious student . roberta everyone -- attention please ! they become quiet . roberta I want you all to take a second just to breathe , o.k .? deep breath . the kid breathe . roberta I would like you all to play with you heart , all right ? play like I know you can play . you will be wonderful . watch I , do not look out in the audience -- you do not need to be afraid . it 's gonna be really wonderful . so play -- play from here . she pat she heart . int . carnegie hall - backstage corridor - night the kid head out towards the stage , the applause get louder as they get closer . int . carnegie hall - stage - night crane shot of the child on stage , in they position . reverse shot - four filled balconies back to the stage some of the kid look awestruck by the audience ; one subtly wave hi to she family . roberta walk out to applause . she bow to the audience , turn to the kid , signal they with a slight nod and the bach minuet one begin . we have hear it in all phase , and now it be flawless . pan the student watch she : vanessa , wear a corsage ; simon in he red bow tie ; shandra in black velvet with pearl ; naeem stand proud and tall , do sean in dreadlock and a tux ; ramon play from he heart ... int . carnegie hall - back stage - continuous Isaac stern , itzhak perlman , Michael Tree , Arnold steinhardt , Diane Monroe , Karen Briggs and Mark O'Connor wait back stage , chat and listen to the kid . int . carnegie hall - the stage - moment later the student finish minuet one . there 's a exquisite moment of silence , then applause . int . carnegie hall - the stage - later country fiddler MARK o'connor play orange blossom special with the kid . he improvise , surprising they as he violin make the sound of a train move through a tunnel . ramon smile , awed by this -- but he remain calm and professional . int . carnegie hall - back stage corridor - later as the guest violinist head for the stage , we hear they name over a mike , mix with applause : male voice ( v.o. ) Isaac stern , itzhak perlman , Arnold steinhardt , Diane Monroe , Michael Tree , Mark O'Connor and Karen Briggs . int . carnegie hall - stage - moment later crane shot of the six guest violinist on stage for the Grand finale , each one share a music stand with a student . roberta nod , and they begin the bach double concerto . she turn to face the audience as she join they . move in and pan the performer and student : naaem share a stand with arnold steinhardt ; isaac stern stand and play with guadalupe , sit beside he ; itzhak perlman sit and play next to carlo , stand beside he ; michael tree play beside do sean ; diane monroe play beside lucy ; karen brigg play beside thomas , and MARK o'connor play beside stephanie . nick play cello ; lexi play the piano behind they ; and , play with she own solo music stand , roberta . they expression be serious and passionate , break by occasional smile lighting on face : Isaac stern ... Lucy ... carlos ... itzhak perlman ... Diane Monroe ... De Sean . the song finish and the applause begin . the other fiddlefest player come out from back stage , ramon in front , and join the rest . more applause . the camera pull back to include the audience face the stage , then reverse to show the audience stand in the orchestra and balcony . we see the student ' parent ; janet , isabel and they family ; assunta , lawrence and dorothea ; dan ; concepcion , manuelo and they son ; brian ; and dennis -- even he can not stop himself from applaud . back again to the stage where the student and guest violinist bow ... and move in closer on roberta in she moment of triumph . int . carnegie hall - stage - podium - moment later roberta address the audience . her voice be strong but softer around the edge ; she be a woman in a state of grace . roberta we be all here tonight because we have a bigger mission : to take the magical spirit of tonight 's concert with we out into the world , and to fight for music and art to be a part of every child 's education . thank you . the applause be deafening , then slowly diminish as we : dissolve to : int . cpe 1 - music classroom - day roberta address ten first - grader sit in a circle on the floor . she point to the horsehair on she bow . roberta and this ? what 's this ? boy the frog hair ? roberta and the kid laugh . roberta do you ever see a frog with hair ? the boy smile and shake he head . a few kide it 's horsehair ! roberta that 's right . ( to the boy ) but you be right , there be a frog . can you show I where it be ? one girl raise she hand with urgency . girl ooh ! I know ! roberta sssh -- let he answer . the boy point to the frog of the bow and roberta smile . and as she continue she lesson , she voice recede and we : fade out : the end crawl : roberta guaspari life in East harlem with she daughter sofia , whom she adopt from El salvador . Nick be a professional cellist in a graduate music program , and alexi have be accept to medical school . roberta teach violin to approximately 150 student a year in three East harlem elementary school . the East harlem violin Program , however , be still not fund by the New York City board of Education . the money raise from fiddlefest support roberta 's violin program for three year . roberta and Opus 118 continue they fundraising effort to keep the program alive .