mute witness ( 1994 ) screenplay by Anthony waller credit ( first part ) White letter on black screen . we hear the sound of a radio with a lot of static . apparently , someone be scan the channel . after we have hear different channel , the scan stop on a channel with jazz music . with a loud sound , the credit stop , the black screen move away to the right and be replace by : film set - bedroom - interior day ( it be actually day - time , but the scene in the film be shot be suppose to take place during the night . so all the artificial light make we believe it be night - time ) we still hear the sound of the radio . we be on a film set , even though we do not know it yet . the way it be film make we believe we be in a real bedroom . a bedroom , see through a window . Nice , clean , elegantly furnish and very well light . large bed . on the other side of the room from the window , a young woman be seat in front of desk face the wall . the young woman stand up , with a paper document in she hand . she be wear thick hose , large slipper and a man 's white shirt , which hang down to the middle of she thigh . she walk out of the bedroom , to the next room . the window open , and the camera , which act as the eye of the intruder , look around the room . voice on the radio we interrupt this program to bring you a special news bulletin . the camera move to the next room : film set - dine room - interior day ( night in the film ) a dining - room with a large mantlepiece . in the center of the room , a round dining table with four chair around it . the table be set , ready for dinner . voice on the radio Ernest strohbecker and two accomplice escape from a maximum - security ward in Bellevue Hospital last night ... the camera ( and consequently the eye of the intruder ) keep on look around the room and then focus on the radio set sit on a small table . Close shot on the radio . the volume of the radio go up . voice on the radio ... after brutally stabbing two nurse and a custodian to death . strohbecker be extremely dangerous , brutal and unpredict ... the radio be suddenly switch off . the camera move upward to show we the corridor and the open door of the bathroom in the corridor . the young woman ( Voice over ) Harry ? film set - bathroom - interior day ( night in the film ) Close shot on the mirror , in front of which the young woman be stand . she look a bit surprised by the sudden silence of the radio , but very soon go back to she make -up . film set - corridor - interior day ( night in the film ) the camera ( and consequently the eye of the intruder ) move along the corridor , toward the door of the bathroom . it stop very shortly to look at the young woman , still take care of she make - up , and move away to look at the open door on the other side of the corridor . film set - kitchen - interior day ( night in the film ) a kitchen . there be no light and the room be very dark . Close shot on the row of knife hang on the wall . a man 's hand take one of the knife . film set - bathroom - interior day ( night in the film ) the young woman open a small closet , temporarily hide she face to the camera . she take a lipstick and start do she lip . Close - up shot on the woman 's lip , with the lipstick move around they . back to the mirror , show the reflection of the young woman . she open the small closet . in the mirror , which cover the door of the closet , we see a man approach slowly , with a knife in he hand . Close - up shot on the woman 's lip . film set - corridor - interior day ( night in the film ) High -angle shot of the corridor , see from the ceiling . the woman come out of the bathroom . she see something , stop and walk slightly backward . the young woman Harry ? she walk to a half - open door and close the door . the young woman Harry ? when she close the door , a corpse , who be hide by the half - open door , fall , face down , on the floor . the woman scream . the corpse on the floor . it be a man with blood on he face . the woman bend down on the man and shake he . the young woman Harry ! she turn he around to look at he face . we see the white shadow of a man come out of a room . film set - dine room - interior day ( night in the film ) a white telephone in the foreground . the girl run toward the telephone . she dial on the phone . we see the mysterious man in the background , slowly walk into the room , come from the corridor . the girl have the telephone handset on she ear , but apparently , she get no tone . she frenetically tap on the telephone hook to make it work . then she see the cut wire on the phone and pick it up . the man be come closer to she . he have a black mask on he face , and a white apron cover with blood . the woman see the man . she drop the phone and walk back until she reach the wall . she move out of the room to : film set - bedroom - interior day ( night in the film ) the woman walk back until she reach the bed . the man , cover with blood , have he knife raise above he head . the woman fall backward on the bed . the man raise he knife above the woman 's body . the woman scream . the man stab repeatedly the woman with he knife , and then move away from the bed . film set - dine room - interior day ( night in the film ) the man enter the room and take the mask away from he face . film set - bedroom - interior day ( night in the film ) apparently , the woman be not dead and she walk to the desk . film set - dine room - interior day ( night in the film ) the man cross the room . the bedroom can be see through the large open door between the two room . the woman try to steady herself by hold on the desk , but she fall down on the floor , and the desk with she . the man sit himself on a table , and search the breast pocket of he shirt for a cigarette . the woman crawl on the floor toward the dining room . she be hold she stab stomach . the man roll a cigarette . the woman stand up , hold on bookshelve set on the wall between the two room . the man lick the paper of he cigarette . the woman still hold on the bookshelve . the man have put the cigarette in he mouth . a hand move into the shot , hold a light match to he cigarette . the woman fall on the floor , with the bookshelve fall on top of she . the two man , the one who stab the girl and arkadi , the one who light the other man 's cigarette , they both look at the woman and laugh . the woman crawl out from underneath the bookshelve . she stand up , hold on the table . back to the two man . a hand come into the shot , hold a metal flask to arkadi . he do not take it and the camera move on the right to a third man sit near the two other one . he drink from the flask . the camera move to the right of the shot , and the title of the film appear in white letter on a dark screen . the camera keep on move from one face to another , apparently the face of the member of the film crew . and on that face , we see : credit ( part two ) in the background , we hear the noise of the girl who keep on fall down and break the furniture . Close up on a dial . a needle be move on the dial , on which , besides number , be write '' groove depth» and '' batteries» . the woman fall down . since she be hold on the tablecloth , the tablecloth come away with she , and everything that be on the table fall down on the floor . arkadi and the «murderer» be laugh . Close shot on the face of the sound engineer , with the earphone on he ear . by now , we have start to understand that what we have see up till now be not real , but be part of the shoot of a film , a strange , a bit gory film , but still a film . the sound engineer shush the two laugh man down , and look down at he tape recorder . Close shot of the tape recorder . the camera move to the right , and show a female hand write on a clipboard , then move up and show a large stopwatch hang from a cord around the neck of the write girl . the camera keep on move up to show the face of the write girl . she be Karen Hughes , the assistant director and girlfriend of the director . she look at what be go on around the set and squint she eye , apparently not like it . the camera move to the right and show the face of billy Hughes , Karen 's sister and fx make - up artist . back to the actress play the part of the stab woman . she hold the corner of a chest of drawer , and make everything on top of that piece of furniture fall on the floor , include several bottle of alcohol . back to Karen and billy . billy repress a laughter behind she hand . Close shot on lyosha , a young assistant camera operator , look at billy and smile . then close shot on billy 's face . the actress hold the drape of the nearest window . she fall down on the floor tear the drape and break the curtain - rod off the wall . Karen and billy be both laugh silently . the actress get slowly out from under the tear drape . lyosha look at the actress , and then at billy . billy look at the actress , and then at lyosha . Close up shot on lyosha 's face , smile . billy walk behind Karen 's back to the other side of Karen . Karen look at she , and then look in the direction into which billy be look . lyosha keep on smile . Karen whisper in billy 's ear . karen ( whisper ) he have the hot for you . billy answer in sign language . we understand that billy cannot speak , but she be not deaf . billy ( in sign language ) for I ? no. the actress , half - cover with the drape , drag the curtain- rod behind she . billy be smile and Karen be look at the scene with she mouth half open . Close shot on a smile bearded film crew member . the camera then move to the right , to a open ring binder , with a hand follow whatever be write on the document . the camera keep on pan on the right , show part of instrument and people 's hand , while we hear some whining noise come from the actress . end of credit the camera stop on a close shot on Andy Clarke 's face . Andy be the film director . the actress look like a ghost with the drape cover she . she slowly fall down on the floor , among the mess she have create by break and drop every prop in sight . Andy look thunderstruck by what he see on the set . Close up shot on the camera . a button just switch off , show that there be no more film inside the camera . Andy look at the camera and sigh . andy cut. brilliant . he put he hand on he eye . the actress , still lie on the floor under the drape , raise the drape to look at Andy . andy ( yell ) natasha ! he stand up . both Andy and natasha , the interpreter , walk toward the still lie actress and squat around she . andy okay , I think we have a little communication gap here . natasha translate in Russian what Andy just say . andy when I say «more» ... natasha translate . andy ... I do not mean trash the fuck set . natasha translate . andy this be not chekhov . you be not the star . you be just another victim . natasha translate . the actress try to understand what Andy tell she through natasha . andy you get stab . you die . natasha translate andy I want to see the pain . natasha translate . andy I want to see the blood spurting . natasha translate . Andy turn around to billy and Karen stand among the film crew member . andy ( voice over ) billy , where be the blood ? I want to see she bleed to death . billy answer in sign language . andy ( to billy ) okay ? ( to the actress ) okay ? the actress , still lie on the floor under the drape , nod she head . andy ( voice over ) let 's do it again , folk ! a man yell some order in Russian . billy walk to the actor play the murderer , sit on a prop . she check he blood device . she take the knife and plug a tube come from the man' shirt on the knife 's handle . she explain , by sign , how the knife work , and he nod . billy fix something inside he shirt and he react when billy touch he stomach . the actor oh ! he smile . billy squeeze a small bag full of fake blood . she have just take that bag from the inside of the man 's shirt . the actor keep on smile and billy do not seem to like the man 's smile . she put the bag back inside the actor 's shirt . then billy sign she sister for she to come . Karen join billy , who explain to the actor what he have to do , and Karen translate billy 's sign language . karen you make the blood flow by squeezing the bag with you elbow . okay ? the actor sure . karen we be gonna be here till Christmas , right ? ( turn around and call ) natasha ! natasha join the group . natasha yes . karen tell he you make the blood flow by squeezing the bag with you elbow . she mime the squeezing movement while speak . natasha translate in Russian . Karen nod she head . the actor say a few word in Russian , nodd he head . karen okay . billy look at natasha . natasha ( voice over ) tell she that he will get it right next time . karen mmmm ... she hear you . you all keep forget she can hear you perfectly well . billy smile . natasha ( voice over ) oh , I be sorry . billy ( in sign language ) it 's okay . the actor laugh . lyosha , who actually be the assistant operator , be behind the camera , near the camera operator . Andy sit down on he chair . andy okay , from the top . his Russian assistant , stand near the camera , with a open ring binder in he hand , say a few word in Russian . we hear a angry voice in the background . the voice stop. stop. stop ! on the dining room part of the set , where the young Russian actress break everything in sight , two man be try to fix the break furniture . another one , a tall man with a beard , talk very angrily in Russian . Andy , still seat on he chair , look at he Russian assistant . andy what 's the holdup ? the angry bearded man speak angrily in Russian . Andy look and listen at he and then turn toward he Russian assistant , try to speak , but be cut off twice by the angry voice of the man . the bearded Russian man walk away . then he come back and show he wristwatch , say a few more angry word in Russian . Andy look up at he Russian assistant . andy what be he say ? the russian assistant he say he 's awfully sorry , but he need at least a day to redress the set . andy ( yell ) a day ? the russian assistant yeah . Andy stand up and slap he thigh , look very nervous . andy okay , well , let 's just do the close - up of the corpse now , and that will wrap it for today . the Russian assistant say a few word in Russian . Andy make a sign to the camera operator for he to come closer to he . the operator join Andy . andy all right . okay . so , what I want to do be zoom in , do a slow zoom into the puddle of blood ... on another part of the set , behind the dining room , billy kneel down in front of a big ancient - look wooden trunk . on the lid of the trunk be write , in white large capital letter : '' keep out ! billy box» . billy open the trunk . Inside , on the inside part of the lid , various prop , and in the trunk itself , a big square plastic bottle and , in a plastic box , plenty of smaller bottle . behind billy , who be still kneel in front of the trunk , we see lyosha walk around . he look at billy , who feel she be be look at . she turn around and look at lyosha . natasha walk toward billy . natasha billy . natasha kneel down to be at billy 's level . natasha Madame olga want some sugar in she blood again . billy laugh . billy ( in sign language ) thank you . billy stand up and start pull the big heavy square plastic bottle out of the trunk . lyosha come to help billy pull the bottle out of the trunk . they both slowly put the bottle down on the floor . billy look up at lyosha , who be smile to she . then he walk away . billy , kneel on the floor , open the bottle . Karen walk in from behind the trunk . she lean on the open lid of the trunk . karen so , he 's kind of cute . billy be pour a bag of sugar in the bottle . karen Three month in Moscow , cold winter night ... billy smile . karen just a think . billy make several language sign . karen billy , that 's what Mom would say . billy look at she sister . another part of the set , near the entrance of the set . the building janitor , wear a more or less official cap , just walk in . Karen see the janitor and wave at he . billy look in the janitor 's direction . karen hi. billy wave at the janitor , who wave back at the girl . then he yell something in Russian . billy and Karen look at each other . they seem to understand what he say . billy show two finger to he . the janitor say something in Russian and walk away . the dining - room set . the young Russian actress be sit on the floor among the debris she have create and she be put lipstick on she lip , look at she face in a small pocket mirror . billy walk in with a small plastic case in she hand . she sit on the floor next to the actress and put the box down beside she . she take the lipstick and the mirror away from the actress ' hand , and put they down on the floor . then she give she a little piece of white cotton to wipe the lipstick out of she lip . the actress take it and start wiping she lip . then billy take some make - up to put it on the actress ' face . a male hand put a light meter close to the actress ' face . a strong light start play on billy 's face , and we hear a Russian voice who seem to come from a loudspeaker . the upper part of the film set . Three big spotlight on a rack . a electrician be play with one of they . billy put she hand above she eye to try to locate who be send that strong light on she face . the electrician say a few word in Russian . the actress look up to see who be talk . closer shot on the electrician sit on the spotlight rack . he be arkadi , the man who be sit next to the actor play the murderer , and who offer he a light for he cigarette . he speak in Russian with a queer smile on he face . natasha squat down near billy and the actress , to speak to billy . natasha he say use more white like a real dead body . billy cover she eye and look up at the spotlight rack . arkadi smile and wink to billy . billy close she plastic case . the actress eat a piece of cake . she lie down on the floor . andy ( voice over ) okay , boris , get everyone ready . billy , use a pair of tweezers , put something , which look like a cherry , out of a small bottle and into the actress ' mouth . a voice over with a russian accent out of frame , billy . billy stand up and walk away . the camera , and the group of people around it . Andy be sit on he director 's chair , and Karen be kneel on the other side of the camera , write on a clipboard . a clapperboard girl walk in front of the camera , say a few word in Russian , clap she clapperboard and walk away . we hear a loud noise , and most of the spotlight be suddenly switch off . Andy look up at the spotlight rack . andy what ... what be go on now ? billy , stand in the half - dark set with she plastic case in front of she , look up around she as more spotlight be switch off with loud noise . Alex , who must be the assistant producer , walk toward Andy , tapping he wristwatch . alex Andy . sorry , it 's six o'clock . andy one shot , one more shot ! alex we have no time . billy open she arm in a gesture of despair . all the people around Andy start leave the set . andy one shot ! I can not believe this . cinema studio - parking lot - exterior evening night be come . the sky be grey . in the background , a group of people be come out of a building . Andy and billy be crossing the parking lot . Cars be drive around they : the film crew member be leave the studio . Andy wave he hand at one of they . Andy and billy come to a white car park near a red car . Karen be walk on the other side of the white car . she open the driver 's door . billy be stand near the red car , and look for something in she purse . she can not find it and look disappointed . she tap on the roof of she car . Karen be ready to get inside she car , but , when she hear billy 's tapping , she look up . billy explain something in sign language . Andy do not understand and turn towards Karen karen she need to go get strohbecker 's face . Andy clap he hand . andy ohh ! right ! his dummy fall off the balcony on Monday . karen we will wait for you here . billy start walk away . Andy turn toward Karen . andy Karen , she 's get she own car . billy explain something in sign language . karen okay . okay . do not forget tonight . she open the door of she car . Andy turn around to face billy . andy yeah , yeah , yeah ! fiesta ! I be make my famous chili con Clarke . near Andy 's car , Alex , the assistant producer we just see on the set , be open the door of he car . andy Alex !... what do you say ? you come ? Alex have already open the door of he car . alex sorry . I have ticket for the bolshoi ballet tonight . Andy sneer . andy well , try and stay awake . Andy open the door , get inside the car and close the door . cinema studio - billy workshop - interior evening Close up shot on a green hideous mask hold with both hand by billy . around biily , all the prop use for the film she be work on , or other film . billy put the green mask down . she look around for something . she throw away various mask she do not need . billy be kneel near a large box use as a table . on the box something be write in large capital Russian letter . around billy , a lot of prop be scattered around . apparently , billy can not find what she be look for , and sit back on she heel in despair . she hear a loud noise . she sit up when she hear the noise . she try to figure out what that noise mean . she stand up and run toward a window . the sky be darker . the night be come soon . billy look through the window . on the parking lot , see trough the bar of the window , the janitor be crossing the yard with he dog . billy open the window and turn around , look for something to hit the metal bar of the window . she take a spear from a suit of armor . then she bang on the bar of the window with the long handle of the spear . on the parking lot , see through the bar of the window , the janitor keep on walk around with he dog , apparently not hearing the noise make by billy . then he close the main door of the studio parking lot . billy drop the spear on the floor and run away from the window . cinema studio - corridor - interior night a large corridor . a door open and billy rush out . she open a door at the end of the corridor and run out . cinema studio - film set - interior night the gallery around the top of the set . a door open and billy run along the gallery . at ground level , we see billy come down the stair lead to the gallery . billy run across the film set , which seem not to have be use recently . billy reach a heavy metal door and try to open it ... without any success . she kick it . cinema studio - another room - interior night the parking lot see trough the heavy metal bar of a door . it be darker than before and completely empty . Close - up shot on a big padlock and a thick chain set across the bar of the door . karen and andy'' apartment - kitchen - interior night we hear very loud rock music . Close shot on the gas stove . Ground meat be cooking in a fry pan . chopped onion be be pour into another fry pan from a wooden cut board . Andy be spraying some spice on the meat . he be wear a apron tie around he waist . he taste he ucuisine from a spoon . he be bob up a down in rhythm with the music . Andy make the round spice rack spin around very fast and pick up a jar from the rack . then he pour spice from two different jar with both hand , in rhythm with the music , miming a drummer beat he drum with he stick . then he pour tomato sauce from a can into a saucepan . he throw the empty can away . andy yeah ! he take another spice jar . but the lid of the jar come off , and all the spice fall down into the meat . he put the empty jar down . andy damn ! he take the lid off the meat . we hear the phone ringing . Andy lower the volume of the music from the radio set hang on the wall . the phone be still ringing . andy honey ! honey , can you get that ? Andy take the meat fry pan out of the stove to pour the meat into the onion fry pan . karen and andy'' apartment - live room - interior night the kitchen see from the dark live room . there be no door between kitchen and live room , just a wide open arch . the phone be still ringing . Andy turn around . andy honey ! karen ( voice over ) I be in the shower ! Andy put the fry pan back on the stove and run in the live - room . he pick up the phone from a table . andy hello ?... hello ? cinema studio - a room - interior night Close dark shot of billy with the telephone handset to she ear . she tap on the microphone of the handset . the telephone set be on a small shelf fix on the wall . karen and andy'' apartment - live room - interior night even if the volume of the radio have be lower , it be still loud enough for Andy not to be able to hear billy 's tapping . a hiss sound , come from the kitchen , make he turn around . karen and andy'' apartment - kitchen - interior night on the stove , a big stew pot be hiss , and water be leak between the lid and the pot . karen and andy'' apartment - live room - interior night Andy take the telephone set and run toward the kitchen . but the cord be a bit too short and be stretch tight just when he reach the kitchen . he drop the telephone set on the floor . andy hello ? he try to reach the stove control panel while still hold the telephone handset to he ear . karen and andy'' apartment - kitchen - interior night Andy 's hand be try to reach the control panel of the stove . cinema studio - a room - interior night billy be still tapping on the microphone of the telephone . andy ( voice over from the telephone ) hello ? karen and andy'' apartment - kitchen - interior night Andy put the telephone back on its hook on the set on the floor of the kitchen . cinema studio - a room - interior night we hear the disconnection tone of the telephone . billy put be back on its hook on the small shelf on the wall . she lean on the shelf , feel dispirite . moscow - aerial shot - exterior night aerial shot of Moscow , with all the car drive on the main highway . the camera pan to the right and reach a high brick building near the river . fade in to : karen and andy'' apartment - kitchen - interior night Andy be set some food on a plate on the small table . the music be off . we hear the wait tone of the telephone . karen ( voice over ) do not it even cross you mind ? karen and andy'' apartment - live room - interior night Karen be seat at the table , hold the telephone handset to she ear . we still hear the wait tone . the telephone set be beside she on the table , where three candle be burn in three candlestick . karen it could have be billy . andy ( voice over from the kitchen ) I be think about dinner . full shot of the room , with Karen seat at the table , and Andy in the kitchen in the background , still fix dinner . andy I be still think about dinner . karen she 's not there either . shit . she shut the telephone by press on the hook , still keep the handset to she ear . we ear the long tone of the telephone . karen okay . ohh ! she dial another number . cinema studio - billy workshop - interior night there be no light , and the room be completely dark . we hardly see a huge bear and a bat . the camera pan on the right , tilting slightly down . the camera come to billy , seat behind a desk and dial on a telephone set . she put the handset to she ear , but only get a busy tone . she put the phone down on its hook . document be scattered on the desk . a draught make one of the document fly away . billy look surprised by what just happen . some more papers fly away . she look on she right at a door with frost small window pane , which close shut by itself . on the top of the door , a small bell be ringing . billy look at the door and stand up cinema studio - corridor - interior night a long dark corridor . a door open on the right , ringing the small bell . it 's the door of billy 's workshop . billy walk out of the room . in the dark , we only see the dark outline of she figure . she stop , not sure about where she be go to go next . eventually , she start walk slowly . she stop again when she hear voice speak in Russian . then she start walk again . a metal door with a notice hang from the handle . Zoom on the notice , on which something be write in Russian . actually , it be a elevator door . cinema studio - elevator - interior night billy peek from behind the elevator door to look at what be go on down below . High angle shot of the elevator shaft . we hear voice speak in Russian and we see some light at the bottom of the shaft , where the cabin be . billy be still peek into the elevator shaft . a draught be wave she hair . she move away . cinema studio - corridor - interior night billy close the door of the elevator . she walk toward the staircase , and start walk downstairs . through the open door of the staircase , we see she stop , because she just hear a faint sound of a telephone ringing . karen and andy'' apartment - live room - interior night Karen be still seat behind the table and listen to a telephone which keep on ringing without any answer . Andy walk slowly toward the table , come from the kitchen . Karen look very nervous . suddenly we hear a click noise in the telephone . karen hello , billy ! Karen look up at Andy . karen thank God . she 's there . be you all right ? andy ask she about the mask . Karen shush Andy with she hand . karen you want to tap something through ? cinema studio - billy workshop - interior night billy be hold the telephone next to she ear . she tap on the microphone with she finger . karen and andy'' apartment - live room - interior night Karen have the telephone handset squeeze between she head and she shoulder . karen wait . wait . wait . Andy turn around because he just hear a hiss noise in the kitchen . he run toward the stove . andy oh , man ! karen ( voice over ) a...o ... andy oh , man ! in the kitchen , Andy try to save he cooking . karen ... L ? Andy put he fry pan down into a large white plastic can full of water , where it start hiss . andy man ! oh , man ! karen be it L ? the second letter , be it L ? Karen shush Andy with she hand . andy shit ! Andy be get he fry pan out of the plastic can . karen a-l-l ? while Karen be try to understand she sister 's message , Andy be bang the fry pan on the side of the can , to get rid of everything that be inside it . karen o...kay ! she smile . in the kitchen , Andy look at he empty fry pan . andy we be eat out tonight . karen okay . so be you come over now ? cinema studio - billy workshop - interior night billy keep on tapping on the microphone . karen ( voice over on the telephone ) do you have the mask ? billy tap again . karen and andy'' apartment - live room - interior night karen well , do not worry . just get over here . andy you hungry ? karen bye . Andy throw the fry pan in the can of water , where it hiss again . Karen look at Andy , put the telephone down and make a face . cinema studio - staircase - interior night billy be run downstairs . cinema studio - a film set - interior night the entrance of a film set . we hear some giggle . the door open , billy enter and close the door behind she . in the background , spotlight be switch on above a scenery : apparently , someone be shoot a film . billy walk noiselessly across the empty part of the set . as billy come closer to the light part of the set , we hear strange noise that sound like a woman have a orgasm . with billy in the background , we see a camera with a operator behind it . on a bed , two actor be have sex . the female , a blonde woman , be naked , the male have he pants down to he ankle and be wear a T-shirt and a white mask . billy look slightly embarrassed by what she see . Close shot on the face of the camera operator , look into the viewfinder of he camera . he be lyosha , the young man who be court billy . the blonde naked woman be moan . she be a slightly plump woman with hair too blonde to be true . she could be in she forty . billy , still look slightly embarrassed , be also smile . the woman be fake a very strong orgasm . lyosha ( voice over ) stop ! stop ! stop ! the woman instantly stop fake she orgasm and get up from the bed . lyosha talk in Russian to the woman , who be still lie on the bed . her «lover» , lie on the woman , be answer lyosha in Russian . lyosha look back into he viewfinder . we hear the woman , moan again . billy walk around the set . Close shot on the face of the «lover» . he be wear the mask billy have be look for . in the background behind the man , we see billy , look from behind a open window in the scenery . lyosha look up from he viewfinder , then back again into it . the woman 's «lover» slap she gently on the face , but keep on have sex with she . the man slap she again but much harder this time . she scream . billy look surprised by what she see . the man hold the woman down on the bed with both hand . he slap she very hard several time and then hit she with he fist . billy close she eye , disgust by what she see . we hear the woman be hit and scream . the woman seem very surprised by what be happen to she . the man keep on hit she . she try to cover she face from the blow she be get repeatedly . lyosha smile , look very happy with what be happen on the set . the woman try to get the man away from she . she grab he mask and throw it away . underneath the mask , the man have another black very close-fitting fabric mask hide he face , which could be a black stock . he grab both she hand with one of he hand , and hold they above she head . then he take a black strong ribbon from under the bed and tie she hand with it . the woman be now very frighten and try to get free . the man slap she very hard . Close shot on a pillow be lift by the hand of the man . under the pillow , there be a long very sharp knife . billy can not believe what she see . the man take the knife and slowly lift the knife above he head . billy look more and more frighten . she have tear in she eye . she be cry silently with she fist in she mouth . the man start stabbing the woman . her blood be splash on the wall and the man 's T-shirt . the woman be cover with she own blood . billy start walk away from the window and across the set . the woman do not seem to move anymore , but the man be still stabbing she . billy walk backward across the set and she bump into a hatstand which fall down . everything that be in the open purse hang on the hatstand - hairbrush , key , lighter , make - up thing , etc . - fall on the floor . a plastic diskette- case skid on the floor and slip under a big wooden wardrobe . lyosha , alert by the noise , stand up from he camera . billy be kneel on the floor near the fall hatstand . lyosha go back to he camera . billy , kneel on the floor , put everything back into the purse . then she stand up , put the hatstand back on its leg and walk away from it . she hide behind the large wooden wardrobe . lyosha walk slowly toward the place where billy be hide . billy walk away and lyosha stop near the hatstand . cinema studio - corridor - interior night the long dark corridor . in the foreground on the leave , the staircase , the only part of the set where there be light ( apparently come from the window and the street light ) . billy be run upstairs . she enter the corridor , where she start run , just when lyosha appear in the staircase , run after billy . when he reach the landing , lyosha switch on the light in the corridor . just before lyosha enter the corridor , in the background , we see billy hide in a nook , a small partition , in the corridor . lyosha look for she . billy seem suddenly interested by something up on the wall across from she . it be a sign for a emergency exit . billy look in the direction the sign be point at . it be the emergency exit . lyosha be come toward billy 's hide . he stop to listen for a meaningful noise . he open a door to look into a room . billy peek from behind she hide nook . she run toward the emergency exit , which be locate toward the end of the long corridor . the open door , and just behind it , lyosha look into the room . he switch the light off , just as billy reach the emergency exit . he walk out of the room , and close slowly the door behind he . he look at the far end of the corridor . lyosha hey ! he walk a couple of step and stop . he turn around and say a few word in Russian . billy be hide behind a big red vend machine at the far end of the corridor . lyosha look around he and billy look at the emergency exit . Close shot on the handle of the emergency door . then the camera pan on the leave and stop on the red emergency box , with the door key inside . near the key , be post a long notice in Russian . lyosha walk slowly toward billy . he try to open a door , but it be lock . we hear he talk in Russian . billy be still hide behind the red vend machine . lyosha hello ? lyosha keep on walk slowly toward billy . lyosha be anyone there ? lyosha be look at the far end of the corridor . he cross toward a door . lyosha I can explain . he open the door and walk inside the room . billy peek cautiously from behind the machine , and see the open door . she run toward the emergency exit . she break the glass with she hand and grab the key . lyosha ( voice over ) Ho ? billy run back toward the vend machine , behind which she hide again . lyosha walk out of the room , leave the door open , and look at the far end of the corridor . billy be still hide behind the vend machine . lyosha be come toward she . billy move slowly along the wall , keep she back as close as possible of the wall . she open a door and enter a dark room . she close the door behind she . lyosha reach the vend machine , and start run toward the emergency exit . he stop near the emergency box with its break glass . he look inside the emergency box . his finger come out of the box , with the tip cover with billy 's blood . he try to open the emergency door , which be lock . cinema studio - store room - interior night a dark store room , with large window . the door open and lyosha walk in . he run to the window . he look outside , but see nothing significant , he turn around and walk a couple of step inside the room . he stop and look around . he start walk again across the room . suddenly something catch he eye . Close shot on the bottom of a long drape . there be a thin space between the bottom of the drape and the floor . and on this thin space , the tip of a shoe be show . lyosha walk slowly toward the drape . he pull the drape open with a very quick movement . several rack of shoe be actually hide by the drape . cinema studio - billy workshop - interior night a door open in the back of the room and billy walk in the room . there be some light come from the door . billy walk to the main door of the room and open it . she raise she arm and grab the bell at the top of the door to silence it . she walk out of the room . cinema studio - corridor - interior night the long corridor . the light be still on . billy walk out of she workshop and close the door . she start run along the corridor toward the emergency exit . she suddenly stop , when she hear a door open . she run back toward the staircase and hide near the entrance of the staircase . in the background , we see lyosha come out of a room . the camera pan toward the staircase and billy . a door open on the floor below , and the large shadow of a man be project on the wall of the staircase . billy run on the other side of the landing , while the man start climb the stair . he be arkadi , the electrician work on Andy 's film , and the one who be play with a spotlight on billy 's face . he be bare - chest , which make we believe he be the poor actress ' murderer . he reach the landing and stop . billy be still hide in a dark corner . she see arkadi come on the landing . arkadi lyosha ! lyosha be come to meet arkadi . they speak in Russian . billy look at the two man , then she move silently away from they . she reach the door of the elevator , which be suppose to be out of order , and open it . she put the key of the emergency exit door in she mouth , and start climb down the elevator shaft emergency ladder . cinema studio - elevator - interior night billy climb down the emergency ladder , try not to miss the step . her face be now on the level of the bottom of the door of the elevator . there be a small gap between the bottom of the door and the floor , which enable billy to peek at what be go on in the corridor . a shoe appear in the gap between the door and the floor . Close shot on the small window at the top of the elevator door . arkadi 's face appear in the window . he look around inside the elevator shaft . billy be not in front of the gap anymore , but hide in the dark . she put the key in front of the gap . arkadi try to open the door of the elevator . but it be lock . the blood on he hand prove that arkadi be actually the poor actress ' murderer . through the small window , he look around in the shaft . billy try not to be see through the gap . arkadi still look around in the shaft . he turn he head to talk in Russian to lyosha . billy have get the key back between she tooth . we hear the two man talk in Russian . arkadi 's face move away from the window . some light be switch off , make the window slightly darker . billy move away from the wall of the shaft and fall . she catch the elevator cable . Close shot on billy 's face . she be hold the cable . she make a face because of the pain . she do not have the key in she mouth anymore . Close shot on a concrete ledge somewhere along the shaft . the emergency door key drop on it , then move away from it . billy be try to climb back up to the door . we see the elevator cabin at the bottom the shaft , and billy in the foreground , try to climb back up . there be some light in the cabin . we hear some strange noise in the shaft . billy look down at where the noise be come from . Close shot on the key , see through the chicken wire roof of the cabin , and rest on the floor of the cabin . billy , still hold the cable , start go slowly down . she miss a step but hold on the cable . she keep on go down the shaft . she eventually reach the roof of the cabin . we hear muffle voice talk in Russian . billy sit down on the roof of the cabin to rest a little . through the chicken wire that cover the roof of the cabin , she see the key on the floor of the cabin . she try to open a panel in the chicken wire . it be stick but she eventually succeed in open it . she move the panel on its hinge and rest it against the wall . we still hear the muffle voice talk in Russian . billy start climb down in the open in the chicken wire . billy drop down on the floor of the cabin . the front door of the cabin be wide open show the well light store room in front of the cabin . but the cabin be not completely at the same level as the room : it be slightly higher . we hear bang noise in the background . billy look at the room and be suddenly frighten by something . she stand up and look up at the roof of the cabin . she climb back toward the roof . we see lyosha in the room , walk toward the elevator . lyosha be come closer , carry a large plastic trash bag on he shoulder . when he reach the elevator , he take the bag down from he shoulder , and drop it in the gap between the bottom of the cabin and the floor of the room . the plastic bag drop down to the bottom of the shaft . billy , lie on the roof of the cabin , be look through the chicken wire . arkadi be walk toward the elevator , carry a bag on he shoulder , and pull another one on the floor . Close shot on the key , which be not actually on the floor of the cabin , but on the floor of the room , just outside the cabin . the plastic bag , push by arkadi under the cabin , push the key in the gap . lyosha and arkadi be stand just outside the cabin . lyosha be push another bag in the gap . the two man then walk away from the cabin . billy climb down from the roof of he cabin and stand up on the cabin floor . see lyosha , she squat down , but lyosha walk away . billy climb out of the cabin . then she enter the gap and start climb down the shaft , use the emergency ladder . the bottom of the shaft be full of plastic bag and various debris . billy reach the bottom and step on the bag . she kneel down and start search for she key . suddenly , we hear a very loud noise . billy , startle by the noise , stand up . lyosha be look through the gap at the bottom of the shaft . he turn around and talk in Russian to arkadi . lyosha arkadi ! billy be hide among the plastic bag . lyosha be still call arkadi . lyosha arkadi ! he talk to he in Russian . arkadi come near lyosha with a powerful flashlight , and , with it , he look into the bottom of the shaft . the light from the flashlight be play on the bag . Close shot of billy 's face , hide among the bag . the light move near billy 's face , then move to a transparent bag , near billy , with a head inside . billy look up at the bag . she scream noiselessly . suddenly she turn around , because she have see something else . Close shot of the emergency door key , lie among the debris , brightly light by arkadi 's flashlight . arkadi walk away from the elevator , follow by lyosha . before leave , they close the outside door of the elevator . after the door have be close shut , the elevator shaft become completely dark . billy slowly come out of the bag . she take the key . then she slowly stand up , put the key in the pocket of she sleeveless jacket and start climb the emergency ladder along the wall of the shaft . she climb just a few step to reach the first door , the basement door . Close shot of the small window on the door of the elevator , see from outside the shaft . billy 's face appear in the window . the basement be completely dark . billy try to open the door , but it be lock . she bang on it with she hand . then she shake it violently . she look up , on the verge of tear . she sigh . then she hear some step . arkadi be come carry a powerful lamp . billy look very frighten . the light from the lamp play on she face . billy move away from the door . cinema studio - basement - interior night arkadi stop near the lock door of the elevator , put he lamp down on the floor , and take a key out of he pocket . cinema studio - elevator - interior night billy climb on the emergency ladder in the shaft cinema studio - basement - interior night arkadi open the door of the elevator . cinema studio - elevator - interior night billy look very frighten . cinema studio - basement - interior night arkadi be kneel down by the lamp . he start to stand up . he be carry a plastic bag which he have take away from inside the elevator shaft . he walk away , leave the door open . cinema studio - elevator - interior night billy climb down the shaft . cinema studio - basement - interior night arkadi walk away in the basement . billy slowly come out of the elevator door and run away in the opposite direction from arkadi . she hide behind a pillar , because she see arkadi 's lamp in the background . arkadi be come back , and billy move around the pillar to be hide from arkadi 's eye . arkadi stop near the elevator . he open the elevator 's door . billy run away . she trip on something and make a little noise . she stop . arkadi , come out of the elevator , look in billy 's direction . billy open a door and walk out . arkadi slowly walk away from the elevator door . the door close smoothly behind billy . cinema studio - staircase - interior night billy be walk rapidly upstairs . cinema studio - film set - interior night the door of the set open and billy walk in . she walk slowly through the set , look around she . suddenly , the big spotlight be switch on one by one . in the electrician ' control cabin , we see lyosha switch the light on . more spotlight be switch on . billy be run around on the set , try to avoid the light . she reach the scenery and jump out of one of the scenery window . a searchlight , control by lyosha . the searchlight be follow billy . billy try to avoid the searchlight . she run away toward the exit of the set . she meet arkadi come back on the set , but she keep on run . arkadi billy ! billy start climb a ladder , but before climb , she push a heavy piece of furniture to block the bottom of the ladder . the piece of furniture fall down make other prop fall down . arkadi start move the prop out of he way . he reach the bottom the ladder . arkadi wait . I explain . he start climb the ladder , turn he head around to yell : arkadi lyosha ! in the electrician ' control cabin , hearing he name , lyosha look outside the cabin . arkadi ( voice over ) lyosha ! he say a few word in Russian . a gallery near the ceiling of the set . billy be run along the gallery . lyosha run out of the electrician ' control cabin and on the gallery . billy run down a few step and outside the room . from the other side of the gallery , lyosha come run after she . cinema studio - staircase - interior night lyosha run downstairs . cinema studio - corridor - interior night the long dark corridor , with the staircase in the foreground . lyosha run in the corridor from the staircase , but before enter the corridor , he switch the light on . with the light on , we can see billy run away to the far end of the corridor . lyosha run after she . Zoom on the emergency door , come closer to we . billy be run toward the door . billy put the key in the keyhole . she open the emergency door and shut it behind she . lyosha run toward the door . he push it open . cinema studio - parking lot - exterior night the other side of the door , open on a small gallery lead to the emergency ladder set along the exterior wall of the building . the door be be violently push open by lyosha . with lyosha 's violent push , billy fall backward , above the balcony of the gallery and down on the yard below . billy fall on she back on a huge pile of use film metal box . lyosha bend over the balcony and look down at billy . billy be lie among the box and move she head . a blurred dark picture with light dance around . it be what billy 's eye be see when she try to focus after she fall . she see the blurred picture of lyosha run down the emergency ladder along the wall of the building . karen ( voice over ) hello ! the corner of the building . a shadow be move hide by the building . karen ( voice over ) hello ? lyosha be bend over billy . when he hear Karen 's voice , he look up . karen ( voice over ) be anybody there ? Karen appear at the corner of the building , look around . lyosha come here , quickly ! Karen run toward they . karen oh , my God , billy . lyosha quickly ! Karen run toward billy , still lie on the film box in the foreground . she bend over she . karen what do happen ? lyosha I do not know . lyosha look up at the gallery where billy fall from . lyosha she slip and fall bad . poor billy . Karen yell in Andy 's direction . karen Andy , she 's at the back ! lyosha get the doctor , quickly . karen you go . I will stay here with she . billy be try to say something to she sister . karen let go of she . lyosha no , I must hold she . she must not move . lyosha 's hand be restrain billy 's arm . lyosha danger she will never walk again if she move . billy be move nervously , try to get she arm free to talk to she sister . lyosha go ! karen yeah , okay . billy try to move she hand away from lyosha and bang on a film box . karen ( yell in voice over ) Andy ! she bend over billy . karen billy !... billy , you must not move ... you may become paralyze . it 's dangerous ... do not worry . I will be right back ... I promise . Karen start move away from billy karen Andy ! billy move nervously , raise from the film box and look desperately at Karen . Karen just see billy 's last expression and seem worried . billy be try to articulate some word . Karen run back toward billy . she reach the pile of film box and bend over billy . she look at lyosha . Andy be walk toward they . andy what 's go on ? Karen turn toward Andy . karen Andy , go with the janitor ... lyosha seem worried . karen ( voice over ) ... and fetch a ambulance ! Andy join the janitor with he dog . karen ( voice over ) billy 's have a accident . andy what ? lyosha say something in Russian to the janitor . karen ( voice over ) do not just stand there ! Karen look at Andy . karen do it now ! the dog bark . Andy turn toward the janitor andy ambulance ! the janitor answer in Russian . the dog keep on bark . Andy push the janitor toward he office . andy come on ! they both walk away . Karen bend over billy . karen it 's all right , sweetie . billy be still move restlessly . karen I be here now and a ambulance be on its way . Karen push lyosha 's hand away . karen let go of she . she 's try to say something . lyosha stand up . billy talk to Karen with she hand . karen Police ? billy keep on signing . karen murder ? she look up at lyosha . lyosha shrug he shoulder and make a face that mean he do not know what billy be talk about . karen Andy ! Andy ! cinema studio - film set - interior night this the set where the poor actress be brutally murder . billy be seat between Karen and Andy . she have a disorient look on she face , and a blanket be wrap around she shoulder . Karen be tenderly stroking billy 's shoulder . we hear some laugh and people talk in Russian . lyosha and arkadi be talk to a uniform Russian policeman , who seem to be in charge of the inquiry . consequently , he will be , from now on , mention as '' first Policemand the other policeman ( who shall be mention as '' second Policemand ) be kneel down , look at something on the floor , and the janitor be stand in a corner with he dog on a leash . lyosha , arkadi and the first policeman be still talk together . they slowly walk toward the rest of the group . the second policeman , who be still kneel down , stand up . billy be listen to lyosha , apparently try to lip-read and understand what he say . lyosha turn toward she . lyosha Excuse I . it 's true . we just fake murder . if we really want to murder ... the two uniform policeman be listen to lyosha . lyosha ( voice over ) ... why make film of it ? lyosha and arkadi both laugh . lyosha we be not stupid , really . the janitor be try to follow the conversation . we hear a policeman talk in Russian . arkadi answer in Russian . arkadi must have say something funny , because the policeman be laugh . lyosha and arkadi look at billy . arkadi no , no . sorry . billy do not look at arkadi , but Karen do . arkadi ( voice over ) we understand how she feel . she think she see ... back to lyosha and arkadi arkadi ...a real murder and panic . billy tap on Karen 's arm . Karen look up at arkadi . the first policeman look at the paper he be hold in he hand . first policeman where do you see the murder from ? billy stand up and , point she finger , show where she be during the murder . the two policeman both turn around to look at the place billy be show . the second policeman move away and the first one look at he paper . first policeman and it be this man ? he point at arkadi . billy , seat again , point at arkadi . lyosha look at arkadi . the first policeman resume the read of he paper . first policeman but you say here : '' he wear a stock pull over he head .» billy look very angry and keep on point at arkadi . first policeman '' and then they chase I through the building and try to kill I as well . '' arkadi yell something in Russian . lyosha also say something in Russian , but with a quieter voice . andy guy ! guy ! English , please . arkadi stop yell . lyosha speak to he . arkadi push he away . arkadi we make test for you . the first policeman look at arkadi , and then at billy . arkadi for you film . we try make blood much big . Andy look at arkadi and then at billy . Close shot on billy , enable we to read she word on she lip . billy ( in sign language ) he 's lie ! lyosha ( voice over ) sorry , billy . billy look at lyosha lyosha we not tell you . keep secret not to hurt you feeling . andy I would have let you do test . Karen slap Andy . karen ( whisper ) Andy . Karen try to tell silently to Andy to shut up . andy what I mean be ... what I mean be ... let 's see they film . I will know if it 's real . billy nod she head , approve what Andy just say . first policeman ( voice over ) you be right . the first policeman look at the two man , and speak in Russian to they . arkadi and lyosha both look slightly embarrassed . lyosha start walk away . Karen look , with a worried eye , to the depart lyosha . karen wait . stop ! Karen run after lyosha . karen he could expose the film . the first policeman take lyosha 's arm and talk to he in Russian . first policeman let she do it . please . karen okay . Karen start work on the hermetic bag use as a portable dark room . Karen put she arm inside the bag . karen this let you unload the film without need a darkroom . first policeman I see . Close shot on arkadi 's face . he look very menace . Andy start take he jacket off . andy ( whisper ) God , it 's hot in here . in the background , arkadi be bend down on something we do not see . he look up at Karen . karen ( voice over ) if he have expose the film to the light , he could have destroy all the evidence . billy look at arkadi , still busy do something that we do not see . karen ( voice over ) actually , I have not do this since film school . arkadi stand up from whatever he be do . karen ( voice over ) right . it 's safe in the can now . arkadi walk around the group . karen ( voice over ) here . take it to the lab immediately ... Close shot on arkadi walk away . karen ( voice over ) ... for develop . billy , who understand something wrong be go on with arkadi , stamp she foot . Karen give the film to the first policeman . karen it 's okay ... it 's okay . arkadi be walk slowly with something that look like a knife in he hand . we hear billy clap she hand . Andy turn around to look at billy . billy point to arkadi and try to explain something in sign language . Karen look at billy . karen murder weapon ? where ? arkadi grab Andy and push he against the wall . Karen scream . arkadi stab Andy in the stomach with he knife . Andy scream . he have blood on he cheek . arkadi keep on stabbing Andy . the first policeman take he gun out of he belt . both policeman grab arkadi from behind . they pull he away from Andy . they have both drow they gun . Karen rush toward Andy , whose shirt be cover with blood . karadi , still restrain by the two policeman , be yell in Russian . lyosha ( voice over ) stop. stop. stop ! arkadi drop he knife , and it remain attach to he wrist by a plastic tube . actually , it be a fake prop knife . Andy stutter , try to explain something to Karen . andy I be ... karen what ? andy I be fine . I be fine . I be fine . karen you ... andy oh , my God ! karadi show the knife to the policeman . he make the retractable blade work , to prove it be harmless . billy walk to she trunk and notice that the padlock on the lid have be break . she open the trunk . she take the fake blood can out of the trunk : it be almost empty . the policeman taste the fake blood . first policeman tastes sweet . andy it 's for the actor . they put the stuff in they mouth . billy stamp she foot . they all turn toward she . she explain something in sign language . first policeman what she say ? karen that it 's she knife . they break into she box and use all the blood . first policeman so now she say it be a trick . billy keep on talk in sign language . Karen translate . karen it happen so fast she could not see the knife clearly . first policeman but everything else she see tonight be clear ? huh ? billy keep on talk in sign language . Karen translate . karen the body in the elevator shaft . she see that . billy point to the elevator door . cinema studio - basement - interior night they be all walk in the basement toward the elevator . several of they be carry torch . billy be still wrap in the blanket . they reach the elevator and arkadi open the door . the first policeman point he torch in the bottom of the elevator shaft . the dog bark . the janitor try to calm it down . there be many plastic trash bag scattered in the bottom of the shaft . the first policeman talk in Russian to the second one . apparently , he ask he to go down to the bottom of the shaft and look at the bag . the second policeman do not look very happy to do it . but he do go down in the shaft , and start look into the bag . he even pour the content of the first one out of the bag . but there be only trashes in the bag . arkadi and lyosha look at each other . the second policeman find a bloody sheet in a bag . lyosha talk to he in Russian . and the first policeman apparently tell he to do what lyosha just ask reluctantly , he second policeman taste the blood on the sheet . he smile and say a word in Russian . the first policeman repeat that word to lyosha karen what ? andy what ? what ? first policeman sweet . it be fake blood . andy it 's fake blood . karen they could have soak the sheet in fake blood afterwards . first policeman but ... where be the body ? huh ? the second policeman keep look through the trash bag . the first policeman show the paper , he be still hold , to billy . first policeman here you say , " a head cut off . " the second policeman have just emptied another bag . he make a sign meaning '' nothing significant» and talk in Russian . arkadi answer something that make lyosha and the two policeman laugh . billy say something in sign language . karen oh ! wait. wait . ah ! she say ... well , there be more bag in there before . the first policeman seem a bit feed up with billy . arkadi no , she 's right . I will show you . cinema studio - parking lot - exterior night they be all come out of the basement on a ramp that reach the yard and the parking lot around the building . arkadi be lead they . arkadi from lift shaft we take the rubbish here . fast. easy . the janitor say something in Russian . they have reach the large plastic trash container where all the trashes from the studio be drop off , wait for the garbage collector to take they away . the second policeman raise the lid of a container , while the first policeman look inside . arkadi take a bag out of another container and drop it on the ground . the second policeman look inside the bag with he flashlight . there seem to be a head inside the bag . the policeman pour the content of the bag on the ground . actually the head be just a mask ! andy hey , we need that . he pick up the mask from the rubbish . he wipe it with he hand . the first policeman give he card to both billy and Karen . first policeman sorry , I can do nothing for you now . but I will call you after I see the film . okay ? sorry . he walk away . the second policeman shake hand with arkadi and lyosha and go away with he chief . billy rest she head on Karen 's shoulder . lyosha look at she , shrug and smile . andy'' car - interior night Close up shot on billy 's face , seat in the back of the car . she look very sad and disappointed . Andy be drive , with Karen seat next to he . andy well , I have never be more embarrassed in my entire life . karen I do not get it . I mean , billy 's a pro . she would know the difference between a real murder and a gag . andy please , have she even see a real murder ? karen that 's my point . if what she see tonight be real , then she have see the difference , right ? andy oh , come on , honey . we all buy the guy cut I up tonight . even I believe it . karen because you be a wuss . she laugh . andy I be gonna let that slide . Karen look at billy . andy no offense , billy , but I would like to re-shoot the stuff today use that guy 's knife . karen it be she knife . God ! a very short flash - back sequence of the murder of the actress . andy whatever . it look good . another very short flash - back . we understand that short flash - back come from billy 's mind relive what she see a couple of hour before . Karen , look at billy , seem to understand what 's go on inside she sister 's head , because she say to Andy : karen shut up . more short flash - back of the murder , and a close - up shot on billy 's face . she seem very disturb . cinema studio - basement - interior night the janitor be patrol the basement with he dog . he be carry a electric torch . he check a heavy metal door , which be close . while he be check the door , the dog run away . the janitor look around he . janitor buka ! he be apparently call he dog , but he get no answer . he start look around . he reach the door of the incinerator . we hear the noise of the incinerator , and we see its light on the janitor 's face . the janitor seem surprise that the incinerator be work so late in the night . we hear the dog whining . janitor buka ? the janitor enter the incinerator room . he walk slowly around until he reach the incinerator . the incinerator door be slightly open . he look inside . Close shot of the inside of the incinerator . among the flame , a human skull be burn . the janitor walk backward with a terrify look on he face . he trip on something and fall down . Close shot on the fall flashlight roll around . in the light , we see a pair of boot , belong to a still unknown man , stand on the floor . still lie on the floor , the janitor discover he dog lie next to he , and start patting it . the dog 's fur be cover with blood . janitor buka . arkadi walk toward the janitor . janitor buka . buka . arkadi raise something we do not clearly see ( a knife ?) above he head and hit the janitor , still lie on the floor . a restaurant - interior night Close up shot of a knife hit a beefsteak . the director 's idea be , of course , to give we the impression that it be arkadi 's knife hit the poor janitor ! larger shot of the steak be cut into the plate . we hear some soft music . Karen and Andy be seat , side by side , at a table in a restaurant , with billy sit on the other side of the table . Andy , with he shirt still cover with fake blood , be eat with a evident good appetite . billy do not seem to be very hungry . Andy give he plate to billy . andy please , billy , take some of mine . you will feel better . billy explain silently that she be not hungry . Andy take he plate back . andy okay . Andy pour a lot of ketchup on he steak . billy say something in sign language . Karen look at she , while Andy drink he wine . billy keep on utalk '' . andy could you pass I the salt , please ? Karen give the salt to Andy . karen you could at least make the effort . Andy stop eat , look at billy drink water and then at Karen . andy listen ... I be sorry . all I can think about now be the movie , but as soon as we get back , I promise , I will learn . he start eat he steak again . karen how often have I hear that ? andy come on . I can understand some of what she 's say . karen what ? Andy put he fork and knife down . andy okay , how about this ? Andy make a sign . andy means «makeup» , right ? billy smile and nod she head '' no» . karen wrong . it mean somebody 's look , the expression on they face . andy that be close . karen what billy say she will never forget the look on the girl 's face tonight from the moment she know she be gonna die . she say the pain and the terror be real . you can not act that . billy look at Andy and Karen with a worried face . Andy seem suddenly a bit worried too . cinema studio - parking lot - exterior night the chimney of the studio see from the parking lot in a low - angle shot . a lot of black smoke be come out of it , certainly from the incinerator . lyosha be smoking on the ramp lead to the basement , and he , like the chimney , exhales a lot of smoke , but white one ! the door of the basement open and arkadi walk out . there seem to be a lot of smoke in the basement too . he cough . lyosha throw he a pack of cigarettes , which he catch . he spit , take a cigarette out of the pack and light it . two car be come toward they . the fist one be a large black limousine . lyosha pick up a small plastic bag . the car stop near the ramp . arkadi and lyosha walk toward they . a man get out of the front passenger door of the second car . he be wartschuk , the Big boss ' first assistant . he close the door and walk toward lyosha and arkadi . lyosha give he the plastic bag . the man say a few word in Russian and nod toward the limousine . he walk away , but lyosha do not move . a man be sit in the back of the limousine , he face hide in the dark . he be call '' the reaper» and he be the famous '' Big boss» of the whole criminal organization , and consequently of arkadi and lyosha . the reaper come closer , Mr. hausmann . I will not bite . lyosha start walk slowly toward the car . the reaper ( voice over ) do it go smoothly ? lyosha about the money ... the reaper do it go smoothly ? lyosha yes , of course . no problem . the reaper bend slightly , so he face appear in the light . the reaper do it go smoothly , Mr. hausmann ? lyosha we do we job . the condition be ... the reaper the condition be that everything would go smoothly . lyosha yes . yes , and we have you diskette . the reaper and who inform the police ? lyosha american girl say something , but nobody believe she . the reaper as long as there be witness , there 's no money . lyosha you mean ?... the reaper I think we understand each other , Mr. hausmann . the reaper wind he car window up . then he sit back in he seat . lyosha and arkadi look at the two car drive away . lyosha give a fold paper to arkadi , who unfold it . Close up shot on the paper . it show billy 's address and telephone number . a STREET in moscow - exterior night low -angle shot on the building around the street . then the camera tilt down to street level . Andy 's car drive toward we and stop . billy open the back door and walk out of the car . Karen open the driver 's door and walk out . both sister close they door . billy start walk toward she building and Karen follow she . karen no , honestly , you can come back to we place , and we will set up the couch if you want . Andy have remain in the car . billy answer she sister in sign language . karen you be not on one of you '' I will show she how independent I am» kick , be you ? Andy have get out of the car and be watch the two sister , lean on the roof of the car . andy honey , you come or what ? billy wave to Andy and enter she building . Karen look at she sister and then turn toward Andy . karen Andy , do not you care about she ? Andy look offended by Karen 's word . andy I do not care ? I do not care ? Fine , fine . I be call the american embassy tonight , okay ? billy have stop near she building door and be look at Karen and Andy 's verbal fight . karen it 's the weekend . they be close . andy not for we . my dad give I the duty officer 's direct number before we leave , just in case . so say goodbye . he wave to billy , who wave back to he . she blow a kiss to she sister , who blow one back , and enter she building . police headquarters - corridor - interior night a long corridor . in the foreground , the two uniform policeman , who take care of billy 's case , be sit on a wooden bench . the second policeman be asleep . the first policeman stand up when he see a group of three people , a woman in white coat ( like a nurse ) and two man in suit and tie , come toward they . the first policeman wake up the second policeman , who stand up . one of the man be Mr. larsen , a high -rank police officer , the other one be Mr lovett , the US ambassador 's secretary . the woman in white show the two policeman to larsen , then walk away . larsen take he hat off . larsen Mr. lovett , this be the two officer who answer the complaint . he shake hand with the two policeman . lovett good evening , gentleman . lovett shake hand with the two policeman . first policeman good evening . larsen please speak English to the ambassador 's secretary . my chief ask I to meet Mr. lovett here . if this witness be correct about what she see tonight , she may help my own investigation . lovett you English be quite good , Mr. larsen . larsen thank you . my mother be a translator . lovett in the university ? larsen no. kgb . after larsen 's answer , there be a slight embarrassed silence between the two man . fortunately for they , a door open and a man in white coat walk out of a room , carry a film box under he arm . he talk to larsen in Russian , and show he the room where they have to go . larsen show the room to lovett . larsen please . they all follow the technician . police headquarters - projection room - interior night the door of the projection room open and lovett enter , follow by larsen . larsen we have be tracking gangster in Moscow run a international pornography and prostitution racket . the two policeman enter behind they . larsen show a seat to lovett . the projection room look like a small cinema theatre , with row of red seat . larsen sit down , please . we have information they have make snuff film here and sell they all over the world . lovett sit down . larsen take he coat off and sit down next to lovett . the two policeman sit on the row behind the two man . lovett snuff film ... be that what I think it be ? larsen victim believe they be make a sex film , but they be murder in front of the camera . larsen turn toward the two policeman . larsen what be the name of the witness ? what be it ? he snap he finger . first policeman billy Hughes , sir . larsen billy Hughes . yes . she claim to have see one be make . police headquarters - projection cabin - interior night the technician be set the film reel on the projector . we can hear the voice from the room come through the loudspeaker of the cabin . larsen ( voice over from the loudspeaker ) the victim be illegal immigrant exploit as prostitute by a gang head by one man . the technician be feed the film into the projector . police headquarters - projection room - interior night larsen he be brutal , ruthless . they call he the reaper . larsen be make nervous movement with he hand . larsen I be surprised he man give up the film so easily . if it be what I think it be , we witness , billy Hughes , be in great danger . the sequence end with a close shot on larsen 's worried face . billy apartment - bathroom - interior night Close up shot on the gas flame of the water heater . billy be get ready to take a bath . she be just wear a bath towel wrap around she body . with she hand , she test the temperature of the bath water . she pour some bubble - bath from a big bottle into the water . we hear the telephone ringing . billy turn she head toward the live - room billy apartment - live - room - interior night the apartment be a bit ancient-look . it do not «look like billy . one can tell it be only a rent apartment for a short period . various clothes be scattered around the room . billy walk from the bathroom along the corridor to the live - room . the telephone keep on ringing . the telephone and the special answer machine be set on a small table . billy pick up the telephone handset and put it on the machine . then she sit down on a chair and put a pair of earphone on she ear . finally , she press a button on the machine . Close up shot on the screen of the machine . it look a bit like a computer screen . the machine offer the choice between different sentence : '' hello» '' hello this be billy Hughes speak '' '' I be use a digital voice computer» '' please have patience and I will answer» '' my address be apartment 923 - 126 kievsky prospekt» '' my telephone number be 9205910 '' etc . billy choose the second choice , use a ball - mat . then she bring the arrow on a icon to start the machine . digital voice hello , this be billy Hughes speak . momentarily , the scene be see through a binocular , which make we realize that billy be be spy by someone . billy , apparently get no answer but a deep breathe noise , choose the first choice . digital voice hello . a shot on the large bay window make we guess where the spy be hide : somewhere across the street . digital voice hello , this be billy Hughes speak . billy keep on try to get a answer . digital voice hello . but she get only a disconnection tone . she take the earphone out of she ear , and put they on the table . she look at the window . shot on the window , with a zoom on another window across the street . behind that window , we see the figure of a man look at billy with binocular . billy see through the «neighbor 's» binocular . she walk to the window and pull the drape to hide the window . the «spy» see the drape be pull through he binocular . police headquarters - projection room - interior night the same man be still in the projection room . the first policeman have take he cap off . and larsen be now seat in a seat behind lovett . first policeman have you see a ... how do you say ... snuff film before ? larsen I see a woman tie to a tree keep alive while she arm and leg be cut off . it 's hard to talk about it , or even think about it . and it make you sick to watch it . you never forget the look in the victim 's eye . the sheer panic and horror when they realize they be about to die . lovett look very disturb by what larsen just tell he . the technician knock on the window between he cabin and the room . larsen and lovett turn around , and larsen make a sign to tell the technician to start the film . then he take a cigarette from the pack he leave on he former seat . the room become dark and the projection start . the four man watch the film which have no sound . on the screen of the projection room , we see the sequence when the young actress , pretend she be die very slowly , break the whole set . lovett and larsen turn they head toward the cabin . police headquarters - projection cabin - interior night the technician be also watch the film through the window between the two room . when he see larsen look at he , he shrug to tell he that he be not responsible for what be show on the screen . police headquarters - projection room - interior night larsen and lovett turn back to watch the screen . on the screen , the sequence when the young actress be pull the tablecloth away from the table , and also everything that be on the table . the two policeman be smile because they find what they see on the screen quite funny . lovett and larsen do not smile , because they be disappointed . now , on the screen , the actress be pull the drape down from the window . karen and andy'' apartment - bedroom - interior night Karen , wear she night - gown , be seat on the edge of the bed . we hear Andy talk into the telephone . andy ( voice over ) yes , sir ... no , sir . Andy be walk up and down in the next room , carry the telephone set in he hand and with the handset on he ear . andy right ... right ... right , sir . right , sir . thank you , Mr. ambassador . so , I really appreciate the call . I will give dad you best . right . he put the phone down back on its hook . Karen have a worried look on she face . karen well ? andy I tell you . there 's nothing to worry about . he say the film 's the biggest piece of shit he 's ever see . Andy be smile , but Karen still have a worried look on she face . billy apartment - bathroom - interior night High -angle shot of the room , see from the ceiling . billy be lie in she bathtub , surround by foam and bubbles . her eye be close . she slowly put she head underwater , and leave just she face above water . one of the faucet be leak and water be drop from it . one of the glass pane be break and fix with adhesive tape and newspaper . he eye close , billy have she daydream flashback again . she see the actress ' blood spurting on the wall of the scenery . she see she be stab . she see herself run away from lyosha in the long dark corridor . suddenly , she feel drop of blood on she face . and , open she eye , she see the bloody actress behind the break glass pane . she quickly sit up in she bath . she look at the window , which be empty . she hear the phone ringing . she stand up in she bath and take she bath towel to dry herself . billy apartment - live - room - interior night billy open the bathroom door and walk out and along the corridor , while drying she hair . she have put a bathrobe on . she put the telephone handset on the answer machine . she put she earphone on and select a answer . digital voice hello , this be billy Hughes speak . karen and andy'' apartment - bedroom - interior night Karen be sit on the bed , with the telephone handset to she ear . Andy be lie next to she , asleep . karen hi , billy . it 's Karen . I hope you be not sleep . I just want to check and see if you be okay . billy apartment - live - room - interior night billy smile , hearing she sister 's voice . she start type on the keyboard of the answer machine . the she send the text to the digital voice translate system . digital voice I be fine . no need to worry . do you call earlier ? karen and andy'' apartment - bedroom - interior night Karen be still seat on she bed . karen no , I get straight through . you sure you be okay ? billy apartment - live - room - interior night billy start type again . Close up shot on the machine screen . we can read what she be type . digital voice sure . have bath . all fine . now I go to bed . you too . karen and andy'' apartment - bedroom - interior night karen I just want to tell you : they see the film , and it 's not the real thing . billy apartment - live - room - interior night billy be listen to she sister . karen ( voice over from the telephone ) that 's good . right ? the doorbell ring . billy turn she head toward the door . karen and andy'' apartment - bedroom - interior night karen do I hear something there ? billy apartment - live - room - interior night billy start type she answer . digital voice doorbell . wait . I will see who . she put she earphone down , and stand up . we can still hear faintly Karen 's voice come from the earphone . karen ( voice over from the telephone ) what ? ah ! it 's almost one o'clock . I would not get that , billy ... ( louder ) billy ? billy be look through the peephole on the door . karen and andy'' apartment - bedroom - interior night Karen be look worried . karen billy ? you be careful , now . check who it be first . Karen 's louder voice have awaken Andy , who sit up . billy apartment - live - room - interior night billy be still look through the peephole . billy apartment - landing outside the front door - interior night the landing , just outside billy 's apartment front door , be dark and empty . billy apartment - live - room - interior night billy , still look in the peephole , move she head from right to leave , try to see further on the landing . she slowly move away from the door to a small table by the door . Close up shot on the table , and a business card lie on it . it be the first policeman 's card . it say : '' Police Inspector Vladimir pekar - precinct 22 '' and underneath a address and a telephone number . billy be still stand near the door . she put the safety chain on . and then she slowly open the door . arkadi appear behind the door . billy try to shut the door , but he put he foot between the door and the wall . arkadi please . I want to talk . desperately , billy try to push the door shut . Close up on the earphone on the machine keyboard . karen ( voice over from the telephone ) billy ? karen and andy'' apartment - bedroom - interior night Karen seem very excited . karen billy , be you still there ? andy would you leave she alone ? he lie back in the bed . karen I hear a noise , Andy . something 's happen . I swear . billy apartment - live - room - interior night billy be try to push the door shut . arkadi have a big wire - cutter in he hand . he bring the cutter near the chain . billy take a umbrella from the stand near the door , and , with it , try to prevent arkadi from cut the chain . arkadi cut the tip of the umbrella off . with she slipper foot , billy kick arkadi 's foot still jam the door , but it do not move it off . then she take the heavy metal umbrella stand and hit arkadi 's foot with it . arkadi remove he foot from the door . billy can - at last - slam the door shut . she lean on it , panting . karen and andy'' apartment - bedroom - interior night Karen be now very frighten . she yell in the phone . karen billy ! she put the phone down and stand up from the bed . karen okay , that 's it . I be go there . Andy sit up on the bed . andy what ? billy apartment - live - room - interior night billy be still lean on the door , panting . we hear the noise of a electric machine . billy 's eye widen with horror . she rush to the telephone , and start type frenetically . digital voice Karen , help . call police . emergency . Close up shot on the door lock . we can guess that arkadi be try to open the door with a power tool . billy put she earphone on . she hear the disconnection tone . she press the disconnection switch on she own telephone . Close up shot on the door lock . one of the screw hold the lock pop off and fall on the floor . billy be listen to a Russian -speak female voice in she earphone . she type on she keyboard . the voice on the phone hello ?... hello ? she send she message . digital voice Police , emergency . a few word in Russian and then , more distinctly : the voice on the phone Police ? billy type '' yes» . digital voice yes . get a Russian answer , she type '' da» digital voice da. billy choose a pre-record message , and send it . digital voice hello , my name be billy Hughes . my address be apartment 923 ... Close up on the lock : another screw just pop off . the telephone operator keep on speak in Russian , apparently not listen to billy 's message . we hear the power tool work again on the lock . digital voice ... 126 kievsky prospekt ... billy take she earphone off and rush out of the room . digital voice telephone 9-2-0-9-5-9-1-0... billy apartment - kitchen - interior night billy enter she dark kitchen . she take a big knife from the table , and rush out of the kitchen . billy apartment - live - room - interior night billy rush in the room , with the knife in she hand . the answer machine keep on speak . digital voice billy Hughes speak . Close up shot on the lower screw of the lock . they be vibrate under arkadi 's tool . digital voice this be a digital voice computer . Close up on the answer machine screen . billy select another message . she put she earphone on . digital voice please have patience and I will answer . apparently , the telephone company find a English -speak operator . telephone operator hello ? you English ? billy work frenetically on she answer machine . digital voice my name be billy Hughes . telephone operator yes ? what do you want , please ? Close up on the screen . billy be type a message . telephone operator hello ? digital voice help. intruder . but apparently , the operator do not speak such a good English telephone operator I no understand . sorry . the operator speak in Russian , certainly to another operator . billy type another message . digital voice bad man want to kill I . telephone operator bad man ? I get man who speak English , yes ? Close up on the lock : another screw pop off . billy take she earphone off and rush to the light switch . she put all the light of the room at they maximum lighting capacity . billy apartment - live room window - exterior night we see billy 's live room window from the outside . billy be pull the drape wide open . then she start wave she arm to attract the attention of the peeping - Tom and he binocular . reverse angle shot on the window where the peeping - Tom be stand when he be watch billy . there be light come through the window and someone be move in the room behind the curtain , but the peeping - Tom do not seem interested by billy at the moment . back to billy 's window . she unty she bathrobe and show she breast . the peeping - Tom be still move in the room behind the curtain , but he do not come to the window . billy apartment - live - room - interior night billy be stand in front of the window , with she bathrobe wide open , revealing she naked body to whomever want to watch it ! Close up on the lock . another screw be vibrate and pop off . we see the drill bit come through the hole it just make . billy hear a male voice come from she earphone . male telephone operator hello ? hello ? billy pick up the earphone and put they on she ear . telephone operator I speak English . the door burst open and arkadi walk into the room . billy pick up she big kitchen knife and point it to arkadi . male telephone operator be you okay ? arkadi press the light switch to dim the light in the room . Close up shot on the earphone . male telephone operator if you just give you address , we send somebody immediately . arkadi be walk slowly inside the room . billy be walk backward away from he , but still point she knife at he . male telephone operator hello ? arkadi tear the telephone cord off the telephone handset . he try to get near billy , but she be still point she knife at he . he pull the drape back on the window . walk backward , billy have reach the wall , in which she bump . she take a white statuette on a chest of drawer and throw it at arkadi . arkadi bend down and avoid the statuette , which crash on the wall behind he . he take he own knife out of he pocket , a switchblade knife . billy push the chest of drawer toward arkadi . it crash on the floor , but arkadi avoid it . billy be still point she knife at arkadi , when we hear some bump noise . apartment below billy be - bedroom - interior night in the bedroom just underneath billy 's apartment , a Russian couple be try to get some sleep , which , with all the noise in billy 's apartment , be not very easy . the woman be still in the bed , but the man be stand up on the floor , hold a broom with both hand , and hit the ceiling with the handle of the broom . both member of the couple swear in Russian . billy apartment - live - room - interior night billy , who have understand the situation very well , be hit the floor with a stick . apartment below billy be - bedroom - interior night the man hear the noise make by billy , and answer by hit the ceiling with he broom . billy apartment - live - room - interior night billy be wave she knife around she , to prevent arakadi from come closer to she . she throw the knife at he . arkadi bend he head and the knife hit the piano . Close up of the piano keyboard , with the knife stick between two key . billy rush out of the room , close the door behind she . billy apartment - kitchen - interior night billy rush into the kitchen . she take various knife hang from the wall and throw they at arkadi , as he try to enter the kitchen . one knife get stick into a painting on the other side of the corridor . arkadi almost catch billy , but she jump through a sort of window set between the kitchen and the live - room . billy apartment - live - room - interior night billy stand up after she jump through the window , and she slam the door of the corridor in arkadi 's face . this door be a sort of french window , with plenty of small glass pane on it , arkadi crash through the door , scatter piece of glass all over the floor . he fall on the floor . billy slip on a piece of glass and also fall on the floor . arkadi try to catch she by the ankle . she kick he in the face . he grab she ankle back . billy grab a big white vase from the floor , she sit up and crash the vase on arkadi 's head . arkadi let she go , and she rush to the front door , but , as she reach the door , lyosha come in . she rush to the corridor . arkadi , still a bit groggy , look at lyosha with blink eye . billy apartment - bathroom - interior night same high - angle shot , as before , of the bathroom see from the ceiling . billy enter the bathroom , and lock the door behind she . billy apartment - live - room - interior night arkadi stand up slowly and walk into the corridor . billy apartment - bathroom - interior night arkadi try to crash the door open . billy look around for a possible escape . she open the door of the small cabinet above the sink , and take everything out of it billy apartment - corridor - interior night Close up shot on the bathroom door . arkadi have put he knife inside the lock of the bathroom door to open it . billy apartment - bathroom - interior night Close up shot on the door . we see the handle of the lock spin slowly . billy , still look in the cabinet , see the handle spin . she rush to the door and spin the handle back into the lock position . a knife blade come through the door a few inch from billy 's face . billy go back to the cabinet and start search it again . eventually she seem to have find what she be look for : a small disposable razor . the door be shaking under arkadi 's blow . eventually he hand break through the door and try to find the handle of the door . billy pick up the toilet brush ( the handle of which be a Donald duck ) , and hit arkadi 's hand with it . but the door start fall down under arkadi 's blow . billy look through the hole arkadi have make in the door with he hand . through the hole , we can see arkadi go to the end of the corridor , and run back full speed to smash the door . at the last moment , when arkadi be go to hit the door , billy open it . arkadi can not stop himself , he cross the bathroom and fall into the full bathtub . billy hit he on the head with the Donald duck toilet brush . then billy take the hair-drier , switch it on , and throw it in the bathtub . arkadi be instantly cover with blue spark . then he fall back into the bathtub where he remain motionless . billy grab a bunch of clothes and rush out of the bathroom . billy apartment - live - room - interior night lyosha be look through billy 's document scattered on the desk . when billy come rush through the room , he grab she . she try to fight he but he lock both of she arm behind she back . he bring she to the desk , and slam she face on the desk . he put a knife very close to she face . lyosha where 's the diskette ? he put a piece of paper and a pen in front of she face . he frees she right hand for she to be able to write . lyosha where be the diskette ? billy take the pen and start write . Close up shot on the paper . billy write : '' what diskette ?» lyosha I know you have ! lyosha raise billy 's bathrobe above she waist , revealing billy naked bottom underneath . billy look very frighten , afraid of what lyosha can do to a defenseless naked girl . she take the pen very firmly in she hand and bring it violently to lyosha 's leg . Close up shot of the pen hit lyosha 's leg . lyosha scream . he raise he knife to bring it down on billy . billy be wait for the worse to happen . she hear the noise of something - or someone - fall violently on the floor . and suddenly , she realize she be free . she raise from the table and see larsen hold arkadi 's big wire - cutter in he hand . he just hit lyosha with it . larsen throw the wire - cutter on the floor and bend on billy . larsen my name be Alexander larsen . I be a policeman . take you clothes . we must get out of here . larsen go to the window and peek through the drape . larsen you must hurry . billy rush to she clothes she have drop on the floor when lyosha grab she . she sit down on the floor and start put she sock on . larsen I explain everything in the car . he be still peek through the drape . larsen in the car . no time now . he gather the rest of billy 's clothes , take she hand to make she stand up , and drag she outside the apartment . billy landing - interior night they come out of the apartment and start run along the corridor on billy 's landing . they reach the staircase . billy drop a piece of clothing and pick it up . larsen open the door of the elevator , and push billy inside . he close the door . billy build - elevator - interior night larsen be ready to press the number '' 1 '' on the control panel , but the button number '' 1 '' light up by itself before larsen press it . larsen they be come . billy start put she panty on . larsen we be in great danger . he look down at billy , who be still put she panty on . he take the rest of billy 's clothes in he hand , and press the button number '' 3». third floor landing - interior night the elevator stop and larsen open the door . billy walk out of the elevator , and follow larsen down the staircase . second floor landing - interior night larsen and billy be come from the third floor and start go downstairs toward the first landing . the elevator be go up with two people inside . they look very much like Andy and Karen . STREET in front of billy build - exterior night larsen and billy be come out of the building . larsen Quick . larsen 's car be park just in front of the building . larsen open the passenger 's door for billy , who climb inside the car . then he walk around the car , open the driver 's door and climb inside . he start the engine . a big black limousine , with two man inside , start and follow larsen 's car , which have just start . the driver be wartschuk , whom we have see before with the reaper , and who be the reaper 's first assistant . larsen's car - interior night larsen give a quick look in the rear-view mirror . we see the headlight of the other car through the back window of the car . billy resume she dress . when she put she white sweater on , without a bra , she breast be show . larsen give a quick glance toward she , and then turn he head away . billy look back at he , smile and kiss he on the cheek . larsen it 's not over yet . billy put she jacket on . larsen look in the back -view mirror . billy apartment - live - room - interior night Karen and Andy enter the apartment and stop when they see the mess around they . we realize that it be really they and not some gangster go up in the elevator . karen my ... andy oh , my God , it 's trash ! Karen rush through the room . Andy remain on the doorstep . karen billy , where be you ? andy I will call the police ! billy apartment - corridor - interior night Karen be run through the corridor . billy apartment - live - room - interior night Andy pick up the telephone handset without notice that the cord have be cut . billy apartment - corridor - interior night Karen be check all the room to find she sister karen billy ! oh , billy . oh , my God ! billy apartment - live - room - interior night Andy be still try to get a dial tone andy how do you work this thing ? oh , there it be . behind Andy , the front door be close slowly , revealing lyosha stand behind it . he have the big wire - cutter in he hand , and be ready to hit Andy with it . Andy look at the cut cord , but do not realize the telephone can not work with a cut cord . billy apartment - corridor - interior night Karen enter the bathroom billy apartment - live - room - interior night we hear Karen scream . Andy put the telephone down on the table and rush across the room billy apartment - corridor - interior night Karen be come out of the bathroom , scream . billy apartment - live - room - interior night Andy walk toward the corridor , but Karen meet he at the door . karen someone 's dead in the ba ... she do not finish she sentence , because she have just see lyosha behind Andy . she grab Andy and move he out of the way of lyosha 's wire -cutter . the wire - cutter smashes what be leave of the door of the corridor . billy apartment - corridor - interior night Andy and Karen run and enter a room , presumably billy 's bedroom , and slam the door behind they . karen God ! oh , my God ! lyosha look at the door , and do not even bother to smash it . he slowly walk back to the live room . we hear Karen and Andy 's voice in the room . karen ( voice over ) get the door ! get a chair ! get the chair ! andy ( voice over ) what chair ? karen ( voice over ) the chair ! out of the way ! move ! put it over there ! andy ( voice over ) move ! get the wardrobe over ! lyosha enter the live - room through what remain of the door . karen ( voice over ) Andy , quick ! push it ! apartment below billy be - bedroom - interior night the man , seat on he bed , stare at the ceiling , through which we can hear Andy and Karen yell . his wife have put the sheet over she head to try not to hear the noise . the man stand up and throw one of he slipper to the ceiling . then he sit back , while he wife stare at he . andy ( voice over ) I be push ! get out of the way ! karen ( voice over ) what be you do ? andy ( voice over ) I can not . oh , my God ! billy apartment - live - room - interior night lyosha sit down in a armchair and take a pack of cigarettes out of he pocket . but he do not take a cigarette . he give a quick look at the front door , and close he eye , ready to fall asleep . the front door burst open , and two uniform policeman enter the room , gun in hand . lyosha look at they without move from he chair , with a sort of look of indifference in he eye . he show they the corridor , where we can still hear Andy and Karen yell in the bedroom . from lyosha 's attitude , we can guess that that policeman be not real one , but fake one . karen ( voice over ) I can not . I can not ! you hold the door ! andy ( voice over ) get out of the way ! the two fake policeman cross the room . karen ( voice over ) come here ! Andy ! come here ! andy ( voice over ) do not yell at I ! I be try to get the goddamn wardrobe near the fuck door ! karen ( voice over ) oh , my God ! lyosha do not even look at they . he just smile . before go through the smashed door into the corridor , one of the policeman nod to he ucolleague , who take he gun from he holster , aim , and send a bullet through lyosha 's head , whose blood splatter the wall . the gun be equip with a silencer , and do not make much noise . then the policeman go through the smashed door to join he colleague . larsen's car - interior night while drive , larsen talk to billy . larsen the girl you see murder tonight ... billy nod in approval . larsen ...her boyfriend steal a diskette full of information . money , name , connection , everything . he blackmail the reaper . very dangerous . and now he think that you have the diskette . billy mouth a word we can easily understand . billy I ? larsen you have it ?... huh ? billy be try to think about the lose diskette . billy apartment - live - room - interior night Andy and Karen be kneel on the floor , with they hand join behind they head . one of the fake policeman be search the room , throw everything off the shelf on the floor , while the other one be aim he gun at Andy and Karen . he be lean on the piano , and he throw all the object , which be on top of the piano , on the floor . he raise briefly the piano lid , and then start look behind the picture hang on the wall . andy we do not have any diskettes . the policeman pick up a diskette he have throw on the floor and look at it . andy not that one . that 's my script . Karen hit Andy with she elbow . the policeman put the diskette into a small white plastic bag he be carry around . he put another diskette in the bag . the other policeman be speak in Russian in a walkie-talkie . the car following larsen's car - interior night wartschuk be answer the fake policeman on he own walkie- talkie . next to he , he passenger be screwing a silencer on he gun . a STREET in moscow - exterior night the street be empty at this time of the night , but for the two car follow each other . larsen's car - interior night larsen the girl have it when she go into the studio . then she be murder , and it be go . where be it ? think . you be the only person there . Close up shot on billy 's face try to think about the mysterious diskette . she have a short flashback of arkadi take the knife to murder the actress . then another one of the naked actress lie on the bed . then another one of the blood splattering the wall . then another one of arkadi stabbing the girl . larsen think . another short flashback of billy go away from the set . then another one of billy bump into the hatstand . then another one of the girl 's purse content scattered on the floor . then another one of the diskette skid on the floor and hide under the large wooden wardrobe . billy grab larsen 's shoulder . larsen write . write it . billy take a notepad and start write on it . but she be interrupt by a Russian voice come from somewhere in the car . larsen open the glove compartment and take a walkie-talkie out of it . he talk in Russian in the talkie . billy look at the pair of handcuffs in the glove compartment . larsen put the talkie back in the compartment . larsen write it . they drive along a police station , but larsen do not stop . billy look a bit worried all of sudden . larsen Quick , write . billy show the police station to larsen . then she write '' Police on the notepad . larsen Police ? yes . yes , but only with the diskette . she write '' why ?» on the notepad . larsen you know , I work undercover . the reaper think I work for he . trust I . trust I . she grab the steering - wheel to force larsen to park the car . the car following larsen's car - interior night through the car windshield , we see larsen 's car zigzagge on the street . the two passenger talk in Russian larsen's car - interior night billy be try to force larsen to stop the car . larsen crazy ! the car following larsen's car - interior night through the windshield , we see larsen 's car stop near the sidewalk . the two man talk nervously in Russian . larsen's car - interior night billy hit larsen violently on he private part . larsen moan . billy take the handcuffs out of the glove compartment and tie larsen 's hand on the steering - wheel . the car following larsen's car - interior night the two man look at larsen 's park car . they see the passenger door be open . larsen's car - interior night billy open the door and get out of the car . larsen they will kill you ! billy show he the handcuffs key . then she slam the door . larsen move he hand nervously , but , of course , can not get it out of the handcuff . a STREET in moscow - exterior night billy be run away from larsen 's car toward the other car . larsen's car - interior night larsen look into the glove compartment and take the talkie out of it . he speak in Russian into the talkie . the car following larsen's car - interior night wartschuk answer larsen in Russian . larsen's car - interior night larsen be yell in the talkie , very excited . a STREET in moscow - exterior night billy be walk in the street and she suddenly stop . she see a ray of light on the sidewalk . the car following larsen's car - interior night through the windshield , we see billy who have stop on the sidewalk . she start crossing the street , and the camera move to a nook between two building , near the car , and where a man be hide . actually , he be wartschuk 's passenger . larsen's car - interior night larsen put he gearshift into reverse and start drive backward . a STREET in moscow - exterior night billy be walk in the middle of the street , and larsen 's car be come toward she . billy start run . larsen 's car turn around to face billy and start again , drive forward . the man , who be hide between the two building , come out of he hide nook and run toward larsen 's car . larsen stop and start drive backward again . larsen's car - interior night larsen be drive , look in the rear windshield . he stop suddenly . a STREET in moscow - exterior night the man walk in front of larsen 's car . larsen's car - interior night Close up shot on larsen 's foot . he step on the accelerator . a STREET in moscow - exterior night the man fall on the hood of larsen 's car , where he remain lie on he stomach . larsen's car - interior night the man lie on the hood see through the windshield of the car . he yell at larsen . Close up on larsen 's foot . he step on the brake . a STREET in moscow - exterior night the man fall from the hood and roll on the street . larsen's car - interior night Close up on the gear shift . larsen change gear and look through the rear windshield . a STREET in moscow - exterior night the man stand up and start run after larsen 's car , drive backward again . the car reach billy , stand on the sidewalk . the big black car , which be follow larsen , start and turn around . larsen's car - interior night larsen look at billy . larsen get in ! a STREET in moscow - exterior night the man be run toward larsen 's car . billy look at he , and hesitates on she next move . but she decide to climb in larsen 's car . the big black car be come toward they . larsen get in ! larsen's car - interior night billy climb into the back of the car and close the door . a STREET in moscow - exterior night the man reach larsen 's car just as it drive away . the man remain on the sidewalk with a mean look on he face . the black limousine stop near he and he climb inside . larsen's car - interior night billy look through the rear windshield at the car follow they . larsen have a hard time drive with he hand tie on the steering wheel . larsen please , give I the key . billy nod she head '' no» . larsen give she the notepad . larsen write . where be the diskette ? billy look at the follow car . larsen we can not escape in this car . write. write . billy start write . then she show the note pad to larsen , who read it . larsen Studio . where in the studio ? billy make a '' no» with she finger . a STREET in moscow - exterior night larsen 's car make a leave turn into another street . the car following larsen's car - interior night through the windshield , we see larsen 's car turn into the adjacent street . wartschuk speak in he talkie . wartschuk Delta three . billy apartment - live - room - interior night one of the fake policeman pick up he talkie from the table wartschuk ( voice over from the talkie ) Delta three . the policeman answer '' da» , then listen to wartschuk speak in Russian . he say '' da» again and a few more word . Karen and Andy look at he , with a worried look on they face . wartschuk answer he . apparently , Andy understand a few word , because he say : andy what ? the policeman drop the talkie on the table and talk to he colleague . andy what ? the other policeman walk near Andy and Karen , raise he gun . andy this be all a big misunderstanding and ... Excuse I , but this be ... the first policeman take Andy 's hand and cuff they behind he back . andy you do not have to arrest we . why be he arrest I ? this be ridiculous . I be a american citizen . do you understand what I be say ? now , I be a director . Karen turn she head and look at the dead lyosha . andy you know , I be direct a movie here in Moscow . I be bring a lot of money in this place . the policeman do not seem to take any notice of what Andy be say . one be still cuffing he hand while the other one be hold he gun . andy and my father , okay , he know a lot of big people , and ... listen . the policeman raise Andy to he foot and move he away from Karen . andy you want money ? be that what you want ? the policeman have seat Andy on a armchair . he bend he down and put the barrel of he gun on Andy 's neck . andy I do not understand what be go on here . we do not have a diskette ! fake policeman # 1 you have one more chance to tell I where be diskette . since the policeman be not look at she , Karen move slowly on the floor . andy the diskette . you know , I mean , this be ridiculous . we do not have a diskette . that 's what I be say . the policeman click he gun in a «ready to shoot» position . Karen grab the carpet with both hand and pull it violently . the small telephone table fall on the floor , but also the policeman who be ready to kill Andy . in he fall , he pull the trigger of he gun , which shoot a bullet at the other policeman , who fall dead on the floor . Andy try to get off the armchair , but just fall down with it . Karen pick up the telephone handset , with its cut cord hang from it . she rush to the first policeman , and start hit he on the head with the handset . Andy stand up . andy Karen , get the key ! get the key ! unlock I ! apartment below billy be - bedroom - interior night the couple be eventually asleep , but with what be happen now in billy 's apartment , they wake up . the man switch the light on . we hear Andy yell . andy ( voice over ) find the key ! the man swear in Russian and put he night robe on . andy ( voice over ) he 's not gonna move , be he ? okay , okay . billy apartment - live - room - interior night Karen be unlock Andy 's handcuffs . when it 's do , Andy massage he hand and put he jacket back on . Karen drop the handcuffs on a table . andy right . let 's get out of here . Close shot on the talkie lie on the floor . wartschuk ( voice over from the talkie ) Delta three . Delta three . Andy and Karen look at the talkie . karen answer it . andy why ? karen they may say something about billy . wartschuk ( voice over from the talkie ) Delta three . Karen pick up the talkie and give it to Andy . andy ( with a exaggerated deep voice ) da. of course , he get a answer in Russian . andy da. he get another Russian answer , but the word «studio» be clearly understandable . andy da. Karen take the talkie out of he hand and throw it . karen I get something about studio . come on . the policeman , who have be knock out by Karen , be slowly waking up . Karen see he and yell . karen look out ! Karen pick up a gun and point it at the policeman . Andy grab a wooden armchair and crash it on the policeman 's back . the armchair break apart . the policeman fall down , unconscious . the door open and the next floor neighbor walk in . he yell something in Russian . Karen turn toward he , with the gun still point in front of she . the man look at the mess , the dead body ... and the gun . he raise he arm above he head . Andy throw away the piece of armchair he still have in he hand . Karen put the gun behind she back . andy mmm ... it 's not what you think . what do you say ?... how do you ?... in Russian , what ?... Karen say a couple of word in Russian . Andy turn toward she . andy what ? what do that mean ? karen hel ... andy hello ? we need help ! the man start talk rapidly in Russian . andy I be a director , and I be make a movie here . this be not a movie . the man have not stop talk . actually , he and Andy have be talk together . now he yell something in Russian . Andy turn toward Karen . andy put the gun away . you look like a hit man . he think we be gonna kill he ! Andy take the gun from Karen and now he be wave it at the man . karen we be not gonna kill you ! andy this be not even ours ! karen the policeman want to kill we ! the man turn around and run out of the apartment , yell in Russian . karen we gotta get out of here . andy well , I think we should call the cop . karen be you crazy ? andy well , we can explain this . karen explain ? you be crazy . come on . here . she have a gun in she hand and she give he another gun . she run out of the apartment . Andy take the handcuffs from the table . andy I will take this too . he follow Karen out of the apartment . cinema studio - parking lot - exterior night Close shot on the entrance of the studio , where a plate say something in Russian and underneath : '' Central Film studio» . larsen 's car enter the studio . it stop near the building . we see billy and larsen through the windshield . larsen show he handcuff to billy . larsen and now ? billy try to get out of the car , but she can not open the back door . larsen child lock . billy get the key out of she pocket and give it to larsen , who unlock the handcuff . he get out of the car and close the door . he go around the car to open billy 's door . as he be do it , he see car headlight come he way . larsen do not look now , but we friend be still here . they both run toward the building . he open a big metal door and they enter the building . cinema studio - film set - interior night this be the unused set , where billy go , at the beginning of the story , when she find herself lock in . it have metal door open directly on the parking lot . billy pull the big bolt that lock the door from the inside . then larsen put a padlock on the bolt . larsen I will block the other entrance . they both walk away . moscow - a STREET near red square - exterior night Karen 's car be drive full speed toward the Red Square . when she take a turn , the tire be screeching on the macadam and the car zigzag a little . karen' car - interior night . through the windshield , we see a small roadblock with light on it . it be not permit to cross Red Square during the night . andy what ... what be you do ? that ... that 's Red Square . moscow - red square - exterior night the car rush toward the roadblock . karen' car - interior night . when he see the roadblock come toward he , Andy slide down under the dashboard . andy oh , perfect . moscow - red square - exterior night without even slow down , Karen 's car smashes through the roadblock . the debris be fly around . and the car keep on drive full speed toward Red Square . cinema studio - parking lot - exterior night wartschuk and he passenger be walk on the empty yard , gun in hand . voice be come from they walkie-talkie . several car be enter the parking lot behind they . the car stop in front of the building . Men carry machine gun be come out of the car . wartschuk direct the whole operation with he walkie-talkie . a man try to open the big metal door , but it 's lock . he yell something in Russian to wartschuk , who answer he and point at something . apparently , he tell he to go around the building , because the man start run away . just outside the parking lot , Karen 's car be come to a stop near the entrance . we hear the Russian voice in the parking lot . Karen and Andy get out of the car . Karen walk to the entrance of the parking lot and peek inside . Andy join she , try to make he gun work . andy this damn gun , I can not work the safety . Karen shush he down . they both peek inside , and they be surprised to see such a number of big black car . andy Holy shit ! wartschuk be give order through he walkie-talkie . a man with a machine - gun walk away from he . back to Karen and Andy , still stand outside the entrance . karen around the back . they run across the entrance . the man , all look toward the building , do not see they . wartschuk be still give order . all the man with machine - gun be scatter around the building . someone be call wartschuk through he talkie . wartschuk smile . he walk away from he man . on the other side of the studio compound , Karen and Andy be enter the place by climb over the wall . Karen be already in the place and she be help Andy to join she . for the moment , he be sit on top of the wall and he throw the two gun to she . then he go down himself . Karen hold he leg . karen okay . jump , Andy . I get you . andy what ? karen I get you . I get you . Andy fall down heavily on the ground . on a balcony on a near building , a man be watch the yard with a flashlight . this be the balcony which billy fall from . Andy and Karen be crossing the yard , try to be as discrete as possible . wartschuk be climb rapidly up a emergency ladder to meet the man with the flashlight . Karen and Andy , lie low , be come slowly toward the building . wartschuk have reach the balcony where the man be watch the yard . they whisper in Russian . then wartschuk go inside , actually through that same emergency door through which billy try earlier to escape . the watcher close the door behind he . Andy and Karen be still crawl slowly toward the building . on the balcony , the man be smoking a cigarette . cinema studio - film set - interior night this be the set where the poor actress be murder . larsen be try to use a telephone on the wall . larsen it 's no use . all line be cut . billy be watch larsen . behind she , we see wartschuk peek through the half - open door . larsen where be it ? billy show he the ancient-look wardrobe under which the diskette be hide . he bend down . then he raise and take a piece of wood from a rack . he slide the piece of wood under the wardrobe . wartschuk enter silently on the set . larsen get the diskette out of its hide place . billy pick it up . behind she , wartschuk have get he gun out . billy stand up with the diskette in she hand . she smile . wartschuk grab she from the back . she throw the diskette . larsen catch it . larsen you help we a lot , billy . thank you . larsen put discreetly the diskette in wartschuk 's pocket . wartschuk the reaper want to meet the woman who have keep he up all night and witness a live snuff . he give he gun to larsen . wartschuk he want you to do it . larsen you know why we call he the reaper ? you see he face , you die . billy spit in larsen 's face . then she yell silently , because wartschuk be squeezing she a little tighter . larsen wipe the spit from he face . larsen raise he gun , hold it by the barrel . billy look very frighten , because she know that larsen be go to knock she out . but the butt of the gun land violently ... on wartschuk 's head , who scream and fall heavily on the floor . billy look from larsen to the fall man , not understanding clearly what happen . cinema studio - parking lot - exterior Andy be hide behind a trash can . he look up at the watcher on the balcony . he finally come out of he hide place , but bump into a beer can lie on the ground . the watcher say something in Russian and point he flashlight toward Andy . andy Nice night , be not it ? Karen be slowly go around the pile of empty film box on which billy fall earlier . andy I be just take a piss . right , you know , just ... the watcher walk slowly down the ladder . Karen reach the ladder , climb on something we do not see , and catch the watcher 's foot through the step of the ladder . the man fall and roll all the way down the ladder . he be unconscious and Andy tie he wrist to the ladder with the handcuff . Karen join he . Andy seem very happy about the successful operation . the reaper 's black limousine be enter the parking lot . Karen , who have start to go up the step of the ladder , look at the limousine . karen who the hell be that ? andy well , whoever it be , they be come here . they reach the balcony and enter the building . the reaper 's car be drive toward the building , with all the man , equip with machine gun , watch he arrival . cinema studio - corridor - interior night Karen and Andy be run along the long corridor . Andy be still try to work out the safety of he gun . andy I can not work the safety . karen Andy , come on . andy yeah , yeah , I be come . he fall down , drop all the bullet on the floor . karen hurry ! Andy pick up he bullet , stand up and run after Karen . cinema studio - parking lot - exterior night the reaper 's car be still surround by all the guard in arm . we see only the shadow of the reaper inside he car . the reaper where be she , larsen ? we guess he be talk into a walkie-talkie . cinema studio - film set - interior night this be the unused film set , with large metal door open on the parking lot Karen enter the gallery above the room , follow by Andy . she bend down , and make he bend down . the reaper ( voice over from the talkie ) larsen , be you read I ? karen ( whisper ) somebody 's come . andy ( whisper ) I be wait . down below , on the set itself , billy be walk , with larsen behind she , point a gun in she back . larsen ( answer the reaper ) I be bring she out now . on the gallery , Andy be still try to work he gun . karen shoot he . shoot he , Andy . andy okay . Andy shoot , miss larsen , and hit a statue . larsen and billy try to hide from the shooter . Andy shoot again and miss again . karen be careful of billy ! god. Karen run along the gallery , while Andy shoot and miss again . and once again . then he realize that the gun be empty and he drop it on the floor of the gallery . he run after Karen . down below , larsen bring billy near the big metal door open on the outside . he unlock the padlock that he have put earlier on the bolt of the door . Karen rush toward they . karen ( yell ) billy ! larsen pull the bolt open . billy be very surprised to see she sister . larsen point he gun at she and yell something in Russian . Karen stop run , but billy make large sign to she , sign she do not seem to understand . Karen hide , and then come out . larsen stay where you be ! Karen throw a piece of metal at larsen . the piece of metal hit he hand and he drop he gun . karen ( yell ) run , billy . run ! run ! billy open the big metal door . Andy run in to join Karen . larsen pick up he gun , and point it at billy . larsen stand back ! but billy be already out of the building . karen ( yell ) not out there ! Andy grab Karen and pull she out of larsen 's gun . cinema studio - parking lot - exterior night billy run out of the building . a army of man , armed with machine - gun , be wait for she . the car ' driver all switch they headlight on high beam . with all that light in front of she , billy do not see anymore where she be go and stop run . the reaper , still in he car , bend down to look at she . he take he walkie-talkie . the reaper kill she , larsen . larsen walk out of the building , and we hear the end on the reaper 's sentence come from he own walkie-talkie . cinema studio - film set - interior night Karen and Andy rush to the window , to look at what be happen on the parking lot . cinema studio - parking lot - exterior night billy look at the man in front of she with a frighten face . she turn around to look at larsen point he gun at she . then she turn back to the man in front of she , and especially the reaper , look at she from he car . behind she , larsen aim he gun at she . cinema studio - film set - interior night Karen and Andy be still look through the window . karen ( yell ) no ! cinema studio - parking lot - exterior night larsen close one eye before shoot . he shoot seven time . we see the bullet go through billy 's body from the back , and come out through the front , make red bloody spot on she white sweater . billy fall down on she stomach , and remain motionless on the ground with she arm spread apart . cinema studio - film set - interior night Karen , still stand behind the window , can not believe what she just see . through the window , we see billy 's body lie on the ground , with all the big black car surround she . cinema studio - parking lot - exterior night through the half - open door , larsen show the reaper the diskette he have find on the set . the reaper smile . the big metal door close as larsen go back inside . all the man go back inside they car . the engine start . and the car start drive out , the reaper 's car be the first one to go . billy be still lie motionless on the ground , she blood flow slowly on the tarmac . cinema studio - film set - interior night Karen be in Andy 's arm , cry . cinema studio - parking lot - exterior night the last car be leave the parking lot . cinema studio - film set - interior night Andy , with Karen cry on he lap , look at larsen come back in and close the door . larsen now please , let I explain . please ? karen ( yell ) explain ? she rush out of Andy 's arm and bump violently into larsen . andy Karen ! they both fall on the floor , and larsen 's gun fly away from he hand . Karen hit larsen very hard with both she fist . Andy pick up the gun and point it at larsen . larsen push Karen away from he . Karen take the leg of a statue and hit larsen with it . then she grab larsen by the ear and throw he on the metal door . she turn toward Andy . karen kill he . Karen open the door and walk out . cinema studio - parking lot - exterior night billy , still lie on the ground , open one eye and smile . Karen run out of the building and rush toward she sister , who stand up when she see she . Karen stop and look at she . Karen sit up and raise she sweatshirt . underneath , she be equip with the special effect system she use to pretend people be be shot . Little bag , full of fake blood , explode one by one , tear the piece of clothing in front of they , and pour the blood through the fabric . for the spectator , it do look like bullet go through a body and blood spurting out . Karen rush to billy and hug she . karen you genius ! cinema studio - film set - interior night larsen be still kneel on the floor . Andy be point the gun at he , try to look mean , which be a bit hard for he . andy you think we be tourist , huh ? guess again , pal . larsen be slowly get up . andy do not move . do not move ! I be talk to you ! he shoot the gun to the ceiling . andy I be warning you . do not move or I be gonna shoot you ! okay ! he shoot at larsen , who do not react and walk closer to he . he shoot twice more , walk backward . he bump into a prop and fall down on he back ... next to wartschuk , all tie up and with a large piece of tape across he mouth . wartschuk moan , Andy scream and get quickly up . he rush out of the building while larsen be try to get over what just happen to he cinema studio - parking lot - exterior night Andy rush out of the building and see Karen clean billy 's face . andy billy ! billy ! billy ! karen she 's okay . she 's fine . andy she 's fine ? she 's okay ? billy mouth the word '' I be fine and show he the special effect device on she stomach . larsen come behind she and take she by the shoulder , say a few word in Russian . billy say something in sign language to Karen . karen a cop ? andy a cop ? karen oh , my God , I be sorry . andy sorry . larsen forget it . you sister be brilliant . Karen pat larsen 's shoulder . karen next time , hit back . larsen throw a remote control into Andy 's hand . andy oh !... this be the remote . I get it . they all laugh . larsen pat Andy 's shoulder . larsen Big cowboy . billy start talk in sign language to larsen . he turn toward Karen . larsen what ? karen that be a invitation to dinner sometime . larsen how you say ?... it would be a pleasure . billy mouthes the word '' pleasure» and then make the sign for it , which be rub you stomach . larsen make the same sign . then he stop and seem to think about something . larsen I still do not understand . karen what ? larsen I do not understand why the reaper do not take the diskette off I . karen who ? the sound of a shot , and a blood bag explode under billy 's sweater . Karen scream . since she be just in front of billy , she face be cover with fake blood . Andy look at they , the remote control in he hand . andy whoops !... shit. I be sorry . they all look at he . larsen smile . larsen Big cowboy . a little later . Andy drive he car near the entrance of the building . billy walk toward the car , look at wartschuk , he mouth still gag , be force by larsen to go inside he car . he moan incomprehensible word , and seem not to want to get inside the car . Andy wave to larsen . andy ciao !... Andy open the back door of he own car to let billy inside . but she do not climb in , still surprised by wartschuk 's attitude . finally , larsen succeed in put he prisoner in the back of he car , where another prisoner , also gag , be already wait ( certainly the man that Andy have handcuff earlier on the emergency ladder ) . before climb into the driver 's seat , larsen wave to billy . larsen billy , tomorrow ! he make the upleasure sign . billy wave back to he . larsen tomorrow ! billy look at wartschuk inside the car . she seem worried . andy what 's the matter ? billy make several sign . Andy do not understand , but he look at larsen . larsen smile back to he . larsen Big cowboy . Karen be already seat in the car , and do not understand the reason for the delay . karen guy , could we get out of here , please ? Close shot on wartschuk 's face , who be try to tell they something . Andy eventually understand what billy be try to tell he . it be the word he learn earlier in the restaurant . andy the expression ? billy nod '' yes» . larsen smile to she and start he car . billy slam violently on the roof of Andy 's car . she seem frighten by something . she yell silently . andy the car ? billy keep on yell silently and move she arm . Andy be beginning to understand what she mean . andy the car ... wartschuk look more and more frighten . Andy want to rush to larsen 's car , but billy hold he back . andy ( yell ) get out of the car ! get out of the car ! watch billy and Andy , larsen have suddenly a worried look on he face . he be beginning to understand that something be wrong . he get out of he car , walk a few step , and then he car explode and he fall on the ground . Andy , billy and Karen , who be now out of she car , they all look at the car burn and at the motionless larsen lie on the ground . billy look very sad . but , slowly , larsen begin to move . he sit up and look at billy . billy be cry and smile at the same time . we get to understand she must be in love with larsen . credit White letter on a black screen .