m y B E S T F R I E N D ' S W E D D I N G by Ronald bass first draft screenplay -------------------------------------------------------------- int . bouley restaurant , new york - night dim lighting , crowd buzz , a long line of the rich , the celebrate , the congenitally impatient . everyone in this queue hold a reservation at least a hour overdue . tourist can not even make the line . pan ahead to ... ... the burnish dining room , the table of power , the elegant service . covertly , many eye be draw to the one table receive by far the most lavish service of all . captain hover , present delicacy , pour wine , murmure obsequiously to a guest whose person they screen from we view . we can see , however ... ... the honore guest 's companion . ignore , bemuse , across the table . this be digger downe , 36 , darkly attractive . kind eye , a intellectual 's mouth , saville row 's most unobtrusive and conservative chalk -stripe suit . he be gay , but you would not guess it . loyal and wise and generous , and you might . he watch with a quiet twinkle , as the captain now step back , revealing to we ... ... they most unlikely icon . julianne potter , almost 28 , wear she favorite bulky sweater over a bunch of other stuff she pull together in fifteen second . she be unkempt , quick , volatile , scattered , and beneath it all , perhaps because of it all , a original beauty . Dark liquid eye , a cynical mouth , slender expressive finger , which point to ... captain a variation on we squid ink risotto . trace of moselle , to sweeten the stock . she do not like that idea at all . shoot he a sharp look of doubt that make he smile . murmur ... captain do not kill we on this one , it 's a long shot . place the moist lump of black rice before she . she take a surprisingly small amount , roll it over she tongue . make dead flat eye contact with digger . and nod , it 's actually quite nice . the Captain breathes with relief . she turn she dark eye to he . the tone say they be pal ... julianne I be write it up as inventive and confident . which it be . off the record , I will need a extra boat of the ink . or a salt shaker . captain I will toss a coin . as the Captain split , digger look around at the other table , which make many pair of eye awkwardly glace away . digger be it ever embarrassing , have you bum kiss in public ? julianne if you ass be not chap , you be not a good - writer of note . she glance at she two remain waiter , who shamelessly fawn nearby . julianne be it sad to be a editor , and bask only in reflect insincerity ? digger I have adjust , and thanks for ask . she lean forward , as if share something conspiratorial . julianne see the pull of a book like twenty chef , be not who I put in . it 's who I leave out . digger which be everyone you could not get in . julianne plus some guy whose food I do not like . pushes the risotte across to he . he lift a fork . digger this fellow from newsday ever call ? she shrug . pull a cellular out of a large , jumble bag . julianne I will buzz my machine . inventive and confident , yeh ? she dial . he taste . digger need salt . julianne be newsday a real interview , or just some cute guy you be set I up w... digger ... I do not send you man , anymore . you do not know what to do with they . she 's punch in she code . julianne sometimes I do . like for two month . digger ... week . over the phone , we hear she answer machine ... man' voice ( v.o. , soft ) hey . it 's Michael . and she face change . warm . just to hear the guileless voice . michael ( v.o. ) God , it must be , what , month , huh ? I can not wait to talk to you . I be in Chicago at the ritz carlton ... she look impressed and surprised . Fancy place for this guy . michael ( v.o. ) call I four in the morning , whatever , we gotta talk . as she hang up . she still have that look in she eye . digger have never see that , and he like it very much . digger who call ? the man of the moment ? she smile . a sweet , natural smile that make we like she , too . the bohemian sophisticate have vanish . julianne no , no , the opposite . that 's my best friend , Michael o'neal . he sound desperate to talk . digger the wander sportswriter . he push the risotto back she way . digger I do not know you two have a past . her gaze sharpen . hmmn ? digger the look in you eye . she blushes . shake she head , no way . julianne sophomore year at Yale we have this one hot month . and , you know I , I get restless ... he know she . she get restless . julianne so I get up the nerve to break he heart . I tell he there 's this dreamy exchange student from Pakistan who want to , you know ... he know . julianne and he get this ... look . he say , " I know I could not hold you interest " , which , of course , make I feel like the shallow bitch I have always be ... he nod , yeah . julianne then he say , " but what make I want to cry . be I be lose the best friend I ever have . " hear the feel . in she voice . julianne and when he say it , I know . I feel the same . silence now . she cover with a smile . julianne so I cry . for maybe the third time in my life . and I kiss he . and we have be best friend ever since . ever since . finger turn she wine glass ... julianne nine year , we have see each other through everything . lose job , lose parent , lose lover ... travel all over , we have have the best time . the best time of my life , maybe . just drink and talk . even over a phone . digger kindre spirit . julianne no , he 's nothing like I . he 's like you . only straight . no offense take . julianne he 's the salt of the earth . kind and loyal and generous . the one constant thing in my life , be he will always be there . digger he 's still in love with you . that stop she . she have to say ... julianne maybe . but it never get in the way . something she probably have not confess out loud before . digger understand . digger well , he have a true friend in you . he want she to know he see that . digger whenever George tell someone how steadfast I be , he always make I sound boring . julianne solid and genuine be not boring . Michael can be completely insane ... a young waiter arrive . set a boat of black squid ink beside she plate . julianne there be this one night in Tucson , like six year ago ... we get amazingly drunk , I mean , keith Richards time ... the kid top off she glass of meursault . look at she . julianne God , I have not think of this in so long ... the waiter hang now . openly listen . julianne I can even believe we do this ... digger see the guy listen , gesture to she with he eye . so she look up . julianne could you give we a minute ? the kid stunne , speechless . people lose job for a lot less . julianne you will not miss much , I promise there be no sex . he redden and disappear . digger I have lose interest . julianne he take a razor from he dinky little dopp kit , cut he fingertip , take my hand , do the same to I ... she place the tip of she index finger together . digger blood oath . julianne he say , " swear . when we be both 28 , if we have never be marry ... we marry each other ! " and laugh again . can you believe that ? but digger be not smile . she wonder why . begins to spoon black squid ink onto she risotto . julianne see , he figure that would be a sign from God , or someone of comparable authority , that we would misunderstand we destiny . he still have this real serious look . she 's still spoon ink . julianne we never talk about it again . I do not know what make I think of ... digger ( quietly ) I do . and everything . stop . she lift she spoon , mesmerize by the gravity of he tone . digger you will be 28 in three week . how old be he ? Holy . Fucking . shit . it hit she like a ton of lead brick . she shovel some swampy risotto into she mouth , without look . julianne you think ... digger desperate . to talk . she shovel in more drippy black goop . it be really disgusting . julianne he 's not propose marriage , there 's no way I be buy one word of th ... digger then why be you compulsively eat ? if you be not hysterical ? more go in . her lip and mouth completely black . like a circus clown . julianne he can not do that to I ! digger we be about to find out . ink be now dribble out of the black hole of she mouth and down she face . she absently dab a napkin , keep some of it from reach she sweater . julianne when I turn he down ... she realize the full weight of the truth . julianne we will never be the same . digger I have a suggestion ... julianne I will have to kill myself before I call he . stare in each other 's eye . digger ( sadly ) that be it . int . julianne's bathroom - late night julianne furiously scrub she blacken tongue with a toothbrush . Gray foam pour from she mouth , spattering the oversize basketball jersey she wear as a nightshirt . in the mirror , she troubled eye dwell on Michael , flick to the cordless phone stand ominously on the close toilet lid . she spit , stick she tongue way out . incredibly black . great . depress , terrify , and disfigure for life . she snatch up the hate phone , and wander aimlessly into ... ... she bedroom . West Village view . defiantly jumble , aggres - sively eclectic . traces of wonderful taste mix with I - like - it - you - got-a-problem - with - that ? she stumble around , rehearse ... julianne this be awkward timing , Michael , I just join this convent , and they never give you deposit ba ... stop . full -length mirror . she straighten she hair , to look she best . julianne Michael , I be marry . not enough . julianne ... and I have two week to live . change tone ... julianne Michael , I be try to be gay , do not confuse I . she turn to continue pace , and walk straight into a dresser . stun she , momentarily . enough , already ! she punch up the number , primp absently in the mirror . when it connect ... julianne I be call Michael o'neal , but see it 's so late , I could just leave a me ... no such luck . cut off . wait . and then ... julianne ( soft ) good evening , sir . you have be enrol in the obscene call of the month Club , and th ... michael ( v.o. ) hey ! God , it 's so good to hear you voice . she forget herself . because it 's good to hear he , too . michael ( v.o. ) I have be call for day ! julianne yeh , well my old machine keep eat message . I try constructively ignore it in hope of improvement , but finally ... michael ( v.o. , urgent ) look , I have to ask you something . she swallow . michael ( v.o. ) something so incredibly important , that if you turn I down , I do not know what I will d ... julianne ( bright ) I just have to tell you this one thing first , okay ? I mean this will hand you the biggest laugh of you adult life ... silence . come on girl , suck it up . julianne I be think about you , and I remember this unbelievably insane night we spend together in Tucson , like a thousand year ago ? more silence . really quiet . julianne I mean , there 's no way you could possibly remember the ... michael ( v.o. , soft ) be you kid ? stop she . like a brick wall . the sweetness in he voice . michael ( v.o. ) I think about that night all the time . she 's go to have a heart attack . michael ( v.o. ) but it 's not why I call . she blink . it 's not . and just as a tsunami of relief begin to sweep away ... michael ( v.o. ) I call because I meet someone . and she smile break off . like a spine snap . because there be something in he voice . julianne well , that 's great . you have not really have anybody since dingbat jennylee ... michael ( v.o. ) you do not understand . I have never feel this way about anybody ! never . she sit down , hard . right on the floor . michael ( v.o. ) and she 's all wrong for I ! julianne well , somet ... michael ( v.o. ) I mean she 's a junior at Chicago University , she 's twenty year old ! like when I first meet you . like when . julianne 's mouth be suddenly dry . michael ( v.o. ) and she dad be like this billionaire who own the White Sox and some cable empire , and you know how I have always be miserably awkward around that kinda stuff suit ... she 's finally make she mouth work ... julianne well , sure . michael ( v.o. ) but they be so down to earth , such wonderful people ... julianne you have meet she parent . michael ( v.o. , quiet ) well. sure . wow . michael ( v.o. ) see . we be get marry . this Sunday . there 's a knife in she heart . she can scarcely breathe . julianne Michael , it 's Wednesday night , you can not possibly be get marry on Su ... michael ( v.o. ) actually , it all start tomorrow . it 's one of that four - day wedding , with all the traditional event , and ten million people fly in from madagascar such . julianne ( incredibly lame ) be not you ... work this weekend ? I mean , be that responsible ? michael ( v.o. ) well , the Sox be at home . SI 's let I do a profile on the Big hurt . that 's Frank ... julianne ( barely audible ) ... Thomas , yeh . she 's stare at herself in the mirror . michael ( v.o. ) Jules . I be scared . a straw to lunge at . julianne well , maybe we should talk ab ... michael ( v.o. ) I need you . so heartfelt . a lifetime of emotion welling in she eye . michael ( v.o . ) if you can not come . and hold my hand . I will never get through this . oh . michael ( v.o. ) please come , please . julianne W ... michael ( v.o. ) I can not wait for you to meet she ! hold on julianne . stare in the mirror . like watch the end of she life . int . bedroom - later the closet , the armoire , all the drawer be wide open . two huge suitcase open on the bed , into which julianne be fling clothes , as she fumble to smoke and dial at the same time . over the phone , now ... digger ( v.o. , machine ) you have reach digger and George . brevity will be appreciate . beep . julianne ( in a rage ) it be I again , why aren't you guy up having safe sex ?? snatch up a tiny , clingy , sexy dress . pout at it . julianne or , in the alternative , why aren't you interrupting it to answer the phone ?? she hold the dress against she body . it 's hot . julianne you , you , you ! it's all about you , isn't it ?? she click off . check the dress in the mirror . raise the short skirt a little higher . int . digger' cherokee , JFK airport - early morning digger drive the open-air Cherokee up the ramp to United Airlines departure . julianne , wind - whipped , try to light a fresh cigarette from the butt of the last one . he glance over . hate to see this ... digger you can not get lung cancer and die in four day . go to plan B. she suck deep . really deep . julianne you have no appropriate sense of emergency . my best friend be ruin he life . digger no , he 's ruin yours . julianne same difference . if you love someone , it 's you duty to save they from themselves . digger you have a real philosophy of life . julianne it 's call the Law of Love , asshole . she be tight enough to snap . and at the edge of tear . stare out at the skycap , cling to she cigarette , as he ease to the curb . digger ( gently ) why do not we have a drink ? you could catch a later fl ... julianne I be a busy girl . I have get four day to break up a wedding , and steal the bride 's fella . she finally look at he . he do not say anything . julianne he 's adore I for nine goddamn year . digger I can see why . julianne she know he maybe five second , plus she have billion of dollar , plus she 's perfect , so do not go feel sorry for miss pre - Teen Illinois ! he 's not . so she voice soften . which show the hurt . julianne and do not go feel sorry for I , you do not know I that well . we be only friend . digger ( softly ) I stand correct . tear now . stand in she eye . julianne I be make a big mistake , huh ? digger ( shrug ) maybe you will learn something . he wrap he hand over hers . she look down at it . julianne I be gonna bring he back , man . against all odd , y'know . cos if I do not ... she wrap she finger around he . julianne ... I gotta live with it forever . look in he eye . julianne and at my wedding . I will be the only bride with she own best man . and she kiss he cheek . jump out of he car . before she cry . yank she bag from the back . brave smile . they trade small salute . and then she 's go . int . o'hara airport , chicago - morning the jetway disgorge passenger into the swarm ant colony call o'hare . julianne lug multiple carry - on , try to pull fly - away strand of hair into place , nervous as a schoolgirl , look all around , and ... ... there he be . michael be tall and square - shoulder , a boyish grin , a unruly shock of hair . he look gorgeous , sweet , and just dangerous enough to be irresistible . worthwhile stake . his face light to see she , and she ... ... run to he arm , shed bag along the way , slamm off heedless civilian , to be ... ... swept off the earth in strong arm , spun around , laugh like crazy , they cheek tight together . when he set she down ... ... he kiss she nose . his arm be still around she . michael ( murmur ) can you believe it ? can you believe I be actually gonna do this ? julianne ( lose in he eye ) not hardly . he beam . turn . she follow he gaze , and ... ... there she be . KIMBERLY wallace be 20 , small and slender , but it be a body to die for . the face be strike , not at all perky and vapid , but lovely and interesting . worst of all , intelligent . she walk toward they purposefully , she eye lock to the woman in she fiancee 's arm . at the last moment , Michael release julianne and kimmy ... ... throws she arm around the startle visitor . hold she tight , with such genuine warmth that julianne can only , slowly , hug back . as Michael beam . kimmy this just make everything so perfect . her arm stay around the slightly daze julianne . the young girl lean close , confide ... kimmy all I have hear , from the day I meet Michael , be julianne this , and julianne that ... julianne well , we be ... kimmy I think the best part of marrying this guy be find you . pale gray eye . alive with joy and intimacy . kimmy I have never have a sister . int . kimmy convertible - day kimmy tearing down the throughway in she mercede 500 sl , a dash , confident driver . julianne riding shotgun , hair fly , a total wreck , in the open convertible . Michael be happily crouch on the little platform behind they seat , hugging he knee . the roar of the wind make it impossible for he to hear they . kimmy my heart 's in my throat , here . right off , I have to ask this monstrous favor ... julianne you need a few dollar . Kim glance over . at eighty mile a hour . a bittersweet look . kimmy dry. just like he say . her eye at once admire and regretful . julianne Excuse I ? kimmy I can be quick . I can even be funny . shake she head . a endear youngster . kimmy but I can not be dry . julianne can you watch the road ? kimmy see. dry . it 's in the delivery . she look back to the highway . kimmy this be a very presumptuous and burdensome fav ... julianne ... you want a menage on you wedding night . kimmy ( straight back ) no , that would not be burdensome . julianne study the delicate , angular profile . hard not to like this kid . kimmy my classmate angelique shattered she pelvis line dance in abeline on spring break . look over . the sweetest smile . kimmy be my may of honor . julianne just blink . kimmy you can not believe what it would cost to bring in a temp . julianne uh. how about promote a bridesmay ? someone you know for at least forty - five minute . we CUT off a huge semi who blast he horn . kimmy fearless , oblivious , and analytical ... kimmy the bridesmaid be my only two female relative under forty . identical twin debutante from Nashville , who be basically vengeful slut . with amazing body ! julianne which be the disqualify factor ? kimmy the twin part . I like to remain impartial in my contempt . see the off-ramp , and slice across four lane of speed bullet in a heart-stopping nanosecond . this kid could drive for penske . julianne have to pound she chest to get she heart start . look back to see if Michael fall out ... ... he be absurdly wind -blown . give she a beautiful grin thumb -up . love this stuff . kimmy this mean I have four day to make you my new best friend ... bring julianne 's eye back ... kimmy and since I already know everything about you . include intimate fact I be mortify to have hear , but too envious to forget . it 's time for you to learn about I ... ease off the freeway . she meet julianne 's glance ... kimmy Force yourself . to get personal . julianne ( smile ) sound like a plan . int . dress shop , NORTH michigan avenue - morning the place be stun . High -ceil , soft light , large rococo mirror , Louis quatorze sofa and chair . Michael wander rest - lessly , fish out of water among designer display and stylish female patron . take a look at he watch . int . dressing room - morning a period sit room , ringed with mirror along its tapestry wall . kimmy sit on a Louis treize loveseat next to a stack of costly gowns . watch with a expertise beyond she year , as ... ... julianne stand on a platform . a seamstress fitting she into a sleek pale daffodil- color gown . there be pin everywhere , as the seamstress struggle toward a perfect fit . continuously look to Kim for approval . kimmy if you would rather the lilac ... julianne shake she head . this one be beautiful . julianne I think bridesmaid have to wear the same dress . kimmy not you . you will not be comfortable unless you be distinctive . julianne glance over . julianne what else do he tell you ... kimmy ... you hate wedding , you never go . oh. well , yeah . kimmy you be not up for anything conventional , or popularly assume to be female priority . include marriage . or romance . or even ... and she stop . not want to offend . julianne ( quietly ) ... not even love . the look hold . the seamstress keep work , as if she 's deaf . julianne that 's why Michael and I be the wrong fit . right from the start . kimmy he say that , too . she stand up . walk to the platform . smooth she hand over the fabric down julianne 's back , along she hip . communicate to the seamstress with she irritate expression . kimmy well , I think I be like you . and proud to be . until I meet rumple , smelly old Michael ... pin start to come out . kimmy point , this , too ! kimmy and then I find I be just a sentimental schmuck . like all that flighty nitwit I would always pity . she lean forward . so they can look at each other . kimmy funny world , huh ? julianne swallow . it be that . julianne I need a smoke . and before anyone can breathe , she step off the platform ripping the live shit out of the gown , right down the side . the seam - stress ' eye flash OPEN in abject horror . julianne , a deer in headlight , look quickly around at the evidence of she screw - up in six different mirror . kimberly just step to she , finger the tear ... kimmy it 's mostly the seam . let 's get this to carlos . and unzip julianne down the back . in she rush to step out , julianne stumble , but she arm be pin by the pull - down dress and she just ... ... topples like a fell oak , thudding on she face , the gown ripping some more , the seamstress scream like a idiot . then. silence . julianne look up helplessly , a truss hog , bound in she dress . kimmy ( firm ) just . do not. move . like you talk to a three - year-old . deftly , kimmy pull the dress free , leave julianne in she underwear . signal to the seamstress , let 's go . julianne do not you have to be somewh ... kimmy ... just my bridal shower . and Michael have to meet we dad and the groomsman at comiskey for a one - thirty game . open the door ... kimmy other than that ... close solid . go . int . dressing room - later julianne sit on the loveseat in she bra and panty , lighting one cigarette from the butt of another . suddenly , she hear ... ... a argument outside the door . strain to listen . it do sound like Michael and Kim . we can not make out the word . she jump up , dash for the door , stubbing she toe on the platform , shit ! , fall heavily against the door with a thud that make she wince , and ... ... the argument stop . damn . she open the door a crack . see nothing . open it wider to reveal ... ... a teenage boy look right at she . he send a true shit - eat grin and she slam the door hard enough to rattle wall . she pace furiously , helplessly , arm around she half - naked self , until ... ... soft knock . the door open a crack , and she daffodil gown come through it . julianne come in , and shut the ... stop . because it 's Michael who have enter . with the dress . julianne ... door . so he do . she flush and snatch up she own clothes , which be characteristically tangle in a heap , and try desperately to untangle they enough to cover herself . he be amaze and amused by she embarrassment . michael ( laugh ) should I turn around , or someth ... julianne Michael , I be in my underwear ! she 's tearing at she clothes , only make more of a mess . michael we have see each other a lot more naked than this . she seem ready to rip she clothes apart , so he gently take they from she hand . she try to stand unselfconsciously as he easily untangle they . michael I mean , we be skinny - dip in Greece , just as pal , less than two year ago . she grab the clothes and cover the front of herself . look at he with a mix of emotion she could not begin to sort out . julianne thing be different now . he look in she eye . and nod , a little sadly . guess they be . michael ( softly ) well . I leave with two thought in my mind . he walk to the door . put he hand on the latch . look back ... michael ( even softer ) you be still a very pretty girl . the look hold . and hold . there be such feel on both side , she do not know what to make of it . she swallow . julianne what 's the sec ... michael mirror . and he 's go . she look around at six different view of she uncover backside . hmm . int . HOTEL underground garage - day the parking valet wait by they stand as the convertible pull up . this girl must be late for something , the way they be jump out of the car . julianne ... luckiest guy in the Northern Fucking hemisphere , be all I be 's ... kimmy what ? because I be a little understand ... julianne ... most sentimental schmuck I pity want a honeymoon after they wedding . just to top it off . the valet give kimmy she ticket . kimmy I can not expect the NBA to hold up the playoff ... they be walk fast toward the garage elevator ... kimmy I be excited Sports illustrate give he this kind of shot , he 's only there a ye ... julianne so you honeymoon be exactly where ? well ... kimmy it depend . if San Antonio sweep Sacramento , we could start there . or Phoenix . or depend on Indiana - clevel ... julianne ... garden sport , all . Little swing of maybe fifty degree Fahrenheit , represent a pack challenge , but there 's fine food and cocktail at a choice of embassy suit ... at the elevator . kimmy slam the button . kimmy it 's he career , I be supportive . look , I have be everywhere , I have see the world , I have laid on a beach . I want to be with the man I love . that 's what make it a honeymoon . end of story . okay ? julianne I be just say he 's lucky . a empty elevator arrive . they get in . julianne take one woman in a billion to put up with he array of shit . the guy be a one - man festival of idiosync ... kimmy slam the penthouse button . look at she calmly . go on . julianne well . you have be introduce to the symphonic range of ... kimmy ... he snore , yeah . he say it 's worse than ever . that snaffle one ...? julianne imitate a incredibly annoying high - pitch snarl . Three time . kimmy nod . kimmy well now it have this sorta phlegm rattle behind it ... stop at the lobby . a family of four get in . oblivious , kimmy demonstrate the phlegm rattle . really get into it . as the family watch , julianne try she own version . like that ? no. more like this . the family be look at each other . kimmy guess what ? earplugs work . oh . julianne how about ... kimmy ... cigar in bed ? I break he on that . but the bathroom 's a swamp , he wear reebok to dinner , tell the same , admittedly funny , joke three hundred time ... suck in a breath ... kimmy ... love action movie , subscribe to playboy for godsake , read over my shoulder , can not keep track of the check he write ... ninth floor . the family get out . the door close . kimmy he suck soup through he front tooth . julianne a trademark move , do not touch it . kimmy but he sure can kiss . julianne it 's be awhile . I will take you word . kimmy after two week of catalogue all he fault , I make a command decision that change my life . she slam the emergency stop button . we jolt to a halt . kimmy I throw the list away . shake she head . kimmy he 's not a balance sheet , so many wonderful quality , so many fault . he 's Michael . from she heart . kimmy and loving he mean loving all of this . julianne do you get nervous in small confine space ? kimmy so it 's sweet of you to be protective ... julianne let I rephrase that ... kimmy but nothing ever could , ever do , give I a moment 's pause about this marriage ... julianne do you get hysterical in small confine spa ... kimmy ... except one . julianne 's face . stop . julianne oh , yeah ? kimmy nod . confide ... kimmy you . a stopper . kimmy you will always be there . in he mind . the perfect creature he love for all that y... julianne well , perfection can get wear after whi ... kimmy I be not joke . I have to face up to all my competitive drive , and believe I , I have get them . julianne no . kimmy and the answer be so simple . julianne I be gonna predict that . kimmy you win . julianne blink . Excuse I ? kimmy you be enshrine in he heart and memory . unassailable . which work out great . julianne I have miss a step . kimmy he have you on a pedestal . and I in he arm . oh. julianne smile . lunge for the emergency button , yanking it so hard it come off in she hand . a terrifying buzzer ensure . julianne Jesus , we be trap ! kimmy ju ... julianne no , this happen to I once , almost , it be excruciate ! begins banging random button , out of control . kimmy watch this . julianne look wildly up ... julianne there 's a panel up there , you could boost I ... ripping off she platform shoe . julianne you know how little air be in this thing ? I have see statistic ! once you be trap between floor ... kimmy tap she . point to the light panel . it say ph , they have reach the penthouse . julianne God ! then the door be jamme ! take a heavy platform and begin banging the metal door with all she strength , send resounding boom throughout the area , as kimmy reach and ... ... press door OPEN . the metal door part , open directly onto the banquet room , just as a mighty blow come down , and the platform fly from julianne 's hand straight between ... ... two identical stun young women , serve as twin hostess for the shower . a beat of mutually - stupefy look , and we hear the shoe crash somewhere , to a small spattering of shriek . mandy mah gawd , it 's the bride , and the woman she will nevah live up to ! kimmy ( mutter to julianne ) that would be we . sammy do she say th' wrong thang agin ? it be so in character ! amanda and samantha newhouse , 19 - year - old twin . true Southern belle , with the face of angel and body make for hot oil wrestle . Mandy 's hair be dyed ash blonde , sammy 's be amber . otherwise , the experience be similar . julianne ( thrust out she hand ) I be julianne Potter , and ... sammy ... we would be the vengeful slut . we come in complementary color . mandy have you size up the groomsman , Jules ? as M. of H. , you get first fuck . do not pick the short , hairy , rich one . julianne ... unless he have a hump . the girl cast identical blank look at kimberly . kimmy ( to the slut ) dry . I tell you . woman' voice ( v.o. ) be this Michael 's julianne ? all eye turn to a elegant woman of barely 40 . she have she daughter 's hair and eye and slender form . but the bear rule half a empire . fonda would envy . isabelle I be isabelle wallace , and my handsome new son scarcely do you justice , girl . she take both of julianne 's hand , and we heroine be sort of magically charme . as if touch by glinda the good witch of the North . isabelle now , my husband say to scoot you over to the ballpark , so you can hang with Michael . but first , you have to meet a lot of really old woman . look warmly in she eye ... isabelle that be , if you have absorb enough profanity . flick a glance at the twin . lead julianne off ... mandy ( o.s. , pout ) we say one fuck . int . taxi , south side - day cab crawl toward comiskey park through stifling traffic . julianne oblivious , cellular to she ear ... julianne desperate measure ! do you hear I ? digger , be you the ... squawk . static . then ... julianne I do not know , hit man , whoopee cushion , saltpeter , something ! the girl be impossibly impregnable . even I want she to get the guy !! listen . julianne tell he the what ? the truth ...?? she shake she head . what a guy . julianne that desperate . May I never get . int . luxury BOX , comiskey park - afternoon game in progress . watched by Michael , three groomsman he age , two middle - age man , and one bodyguard . suddenly , a dull thumping at the door . it keep up . they finally all look over . the bodyguard get the door , revealing ... julianne which of you gent order two beer ? one single tray . holding fourteen beer . balance on one hand . Michael jump up , terrify at the impending mayhem this sight suggest ... michael wow ! lemme give you a ha ... julianne ( sweetly ) Michael . you will unwittingly imply that I be clumsy . he stop in he track . the guy whistle . michael think of that . and as well as I know you . she go first to the bodyguard . bodyguard sorry , mar 'am , I be on duty . julianne ( lovely smile ) it 's miss . and thanks . that leave two for I . head down the row ... michael julianne Potter , this be hank and Gerry from SI , and you know Daniel ... she 's nodd , flawlessly pluck two beer each from perimeter of the tray , keep the rest perfectly balanced in the center . Michael be flat dumbstruck . next , a tall patrician gentleman with roll - up sleeve on he hand-stitch silk shirt ... michael oh . this be my father - in- law , walter . once again , she gracefully pluck two beer for the distinguished father - in-law ... michael how be you do this ? you be on drug . set they down . the man have a smile wonderful in its ease . murmur ... walter if he give you grief , I will have he skillfully beat , where the wound will not show . julianne I guess get he whacked would be politically out of the question . walter under the circumstance . charme to know you , Jules . julianne Nice meeting you , too , Walt . a nod between equal . she move on ... michael and , this guy , you know ... she sure do , and effortlessly balance she one -hand load , she dip to kiss a porky , bald guy with big-time shoulder . straight on the lip . julianne papa Joe . they go way back . he be uncomfortable at this rich man 's wedding , even as gracious as everyone have be . his water eye twinkle at she , and the voice have a trace of Boston ... joe you gonna be my boy 's best man ? despite shout from the other ... julianne best everything , Joe . but I be go to dance with you . michael dance ? you do not dance ! you learn to dance ?? her innocent smile . julianne move . you have never see . big reaction from the guy , as she head toward Michael with the last of the beer , not look down at the fielder' mitt which lie right in she path , and as he lip part to scream a warning , she skip ... ... neatly around it . he 's in shock . michael you be a impostor ! what have you do with my best friend ? as he take away the remain beer ... michael and how be the hot dog ? hot dog ? his eye fix on she leave breast . huge mustard stain . she can not believe it . michael cheap and unnecessary . we be look anyway . ext . luxury BOX roof - day Michael and julianne sit with they beer on the edge of the luxury box roof . the game , the stadium , spread out beneath they . yet they be alone in the world . she dangle she leg , and we can hear she kick the glass below . julianne I just admire you maturity , that 's all . I mean , there be people who would find that kind of perfection boring . Day after day , year after year ... michael ... see , that 's what I think at first . how can you like someone that perfect ? no potential for long - range livability . drink they beer . side by side . both stare only at the game . michael luckily . the closer I watch , the more the fault come into focus . each imperfection its own adorable slice of vulnerability . julianne such as . michael she 's too genuine . julianne hate that . michael how can you trust someone you can never mistrust ? julianne what 's next ? keep sip . never look at each other . michael no matter how many time I leave the toilet seat up , she forget and put it down . julianne endearingly absent-mind . michael my very point . here 's another one ... shake he head . this one really get he . michael every day . she make the bed . julianne quite the little eccentric . michael at first , I think it be a gag , but she 's always do it ! this be not the ammunition julianne be hope for . julianne be there a coup de grace in here , somewh ... michael she admire . Tommy lasorda . julianne waiter ! check , please ! michael she find he " personable . " julianne can that kind of defect be pass on genetically ? she look over now . and Michael be look back . smiling the most wonderful smile . her reaction show that she think it 's for she , until ... michael then again . she have a few good trait . hating herself for ask , but see no way out ... julianne gimme like , eight and nine off the top ten list ... michael first girl I ever know . who let I give she a bath . the look in he eye . she can hardly bear it . michael and when I hug she , even in public . I do not have to let go right away . she let I hold she as long as I want . he seem so deeply in love . michael Nice kid , do not you think ? a beat . a slow nod . a quiet ... julianne look like , from here . int . south side club - night a slender black woman sing a soaring Gospel number , back by three lady who could each solo in any church choir . it be mesmerize , stir , transcendent . the unseen audience clapping fiercely in rhythm , shout support . slow pan now ... ... every face be black . we be not in church at all , but a venerable blue club . one of that place you would swear everybody 's play , from Robert Johnson to bessie Smith and back again . as the song end , there be applause , some rapping on table with they knuckle or they drunk . we keep panning to a far corner . Three face . julianne lean across she beer to kimmy ... julianne how would you find this pl ... Kim shaking she head . look admiringly to Michael ... kimmy live here my whole life , never hear of it . until we first date . she reach slender finger . traces one back along he hair . kimmy he find all this spot , everywhere he go , it 's a mystical gift . michael ( shy ) Jesus , one d-back from the bear know a place ... kimmy it 's not just club . this guy always know the best everything . the best guitar store , the best beef rib , the best horowitz record , be he always like the ... julianne ... always . the best dim sum , the best camp stuff ... kimmy stop , we be embarrassing h... julianne ... best valley in New Zealand , best ... woman 's shoe ... michael I try that on . when you be not look . now he 's grin at julianne . and she like that a lot . julianne where be that , Florence , huh ? michael firenze . together in the memory . as kimmy watch . julianne the vespa ? I hang on behind in the rain all night ? michael till the gas run out . and , the first sniff of leave -out ... kimmy I love Florence . julianne 's eye flicker . could this be a teensy open ? keeps she eye , she easy smile , and she killer instinct train on Michael . julianne take she there . he nod , okay . julianne I mean , now . she 's perky , she deserve a honeymoon . he draw a breath ... julianne I hear . if San antone sweep Sacramento . what be this shit ? you gotta get off the road by September anyway , when do fall Quarter start ? and the happy couple look at each other . they be awkward . julianne 's heart soar like eagle . kimmy uh. I be not come back . for senior year . could this be . the mother lode ? julianne do not architect find a degree , sort of ... a asset ? the couple still stare in each other 's eye . kimmy well , the school will be here . Architecture will still be around . right now ... michael I travel every week . College ball , motor sport , training camp ... kimmy the most important thing . be be together . and she smile . beautifully . kimmy I be just a baby . I have get all ... the time ... in the world . ext . club - night Michael put Kim in the back of a cab . as julianne watch . michael because I could come ... kimmy to the twin ' soiree ? so they can paw you and drool ...? julianne ( call out , helpful ) they be gonna drool anyway ! Kim smile . he kiss she , tenderly , through the open window . she wave past he at julianne . kimmy ( to both ) enjoy each other . and drive off . as he watch after , julianne come up behind he . slip she hand up onto he shoulder muscle . start give a little massage . julianne should I whistle down a cab ? michael hey , cab be expensive . I be cheap , remember ? turn he head , to see she . she 's still rub he shoulder . julianne sometimes . about the dumbest thing . share a smile . as always , it cover a lot of year . michael the El 's right down the street . unless you be afraid of the neighborhood . she look around . it be a issue . but she remember ... julianne no . I be always safe with you . she mean that . he take she by the hand . they begin walk ... julianne pretty amazing girl , you have get . make that kind of sacrifice . michael what , leave school ... julianne ... all of it . she 's leave she family , she friend , everything she know . she 's put she career on hold , and she seem a pretty ambitious , drive , kind of per ... michael ( quietly ) in she way . julianne all to follow you in this dumb job , where you travel 52 week a year to College Station , Texas , and such . it 's not a job for a grow man , Michael , Peter Pan never marry . he 's let go of she hand now . look down at the pavement before he , fist in he jacket pocket . julianne ( softly ) I do not think she 's naturally the ... submissive type . be not you afraid she 's gonna choke on this stand - by-your-man shit after awhi ... michael ( real quiet ) no . hit a nerve . this be promise . julianne I mean walter own the Sox , cable sport ... most girl in she spot would be angle to get daddy to offer you some juicy gig right here in t... michael she would never . never . even think of that . paydirt . julianne 's geiger counter be go berserk . julianne I guess you be right . that would be deceitful ... manipulative ... control ... emascula ... michael I get the point . he look over at she . no smile on he face . a edge we have not see . she shrug ... julianne still . all 's fair in love and w... michael that would be a girl . I do not even know . they have reach the stair to the El . a rickety train rattle above they . as they start up , she slip she arm around he waist ... julianne ( murmur ) forgive I , okay ? I be talkin ' crazy . he slide he arm around she shoulder . pal . they climb out of frame . int . HOTEL bathroom - late night close on a shallow pool of water in a bathroom sink . Green powder pour in , a hand swirling it around , until ... julianne ( o.s. ) it 's albanian , I think . or mongolian . or canadian . one of that . I buy it downstairs ... ... it become truly disgusting lumpy green mud . julianne ( o.s. ) I figure , what the hell . can it make I look worse ? follow the hand up as it slather the shit across she face in great green drip gob . she 's juggling the wall phone , try to keep it mudless , as she assure digger ... julianne dig , of course . of course , of course , of course , of course I have a plan . certainment ! more green slime . the julianne we know disappear . julianne how ? I ask myself , what would Lucy ricardo do in this situa ... desecrate three hotel towel , wiping she hand . julianne well , one work , once . throws they in the bathtub . fastidiousness a short suit . julianne ricky would not let she in the show . reaches for she toothbrush , absently . all she attention be on the conversation and the hideous green face in the mirror . julianne I recall it differently , but we digress . without look , pick up a tube of hotel shampoo ... julianne so in the version , you be ethel , with better fashion instinct . squeeze it all over the toothbrush . julianne this put you in charge of plan B , the unprincipled and insanely dangerous back - up plan ... lift it toward she mouth , liquid shampoo drip from the bristle . julianne in case simple lie do not work . at the last second . she stop . we do not know why , because she 's still never look at the brush . julianne question . what happen if you brush you tooth with shampoo ? turn on the tap . tries to scrub the toothbrush clean , and drop the phone into the green swamp , which spatter all over she front . euucch . she 's stymy , agitate , circle the sink , lean down to it ... julianne hold on . i'm coming in for you ! she set the toothbrush down in she toiletry kit . decide to yank on the phone 's cord , and the receiver spring out , bopping she in the face . she 's so filthy at this point , she just wipe it clean on she nightshirt . tell digger ... julianne you okay ? this be one of that problem phone . lift the toothbrush and tube of paste from she kit . julianne right . you role . you know guy from Sports illustrate , yes ? I mean , you can walk right in there ... squeeze on the paste , lift the brush to she mouth ... julianne you could get access to letterhead , for example . jam it in she mouth , brush as ... julianne ( mouthful ) ... or even , maybe , they fax . stop . the funniest look on she face . down to the toothpaste tube ... which say BEN gay . oh . int . tiffany be - morning julianne and kimmy cruise the stately display case . everywhere , the Tiffany logo , the silent , watchful staff in morning coat . as they browse , julianne take a blueberry danish from a paper sack , and begin to eat . the staff notice . so do Kim . julianne it 's a homage thing . hmm ? julianne awkward girl grow up on audrey hepburn movie . you would not understand . kimmy do not . but wipe a blue glob from julianne 's face . kimmy anyway , I think you be wrong . wrong ? kimmy what you be say before . before ? kimmy about Michael 's job . julianne oh , that . I forget I even say th ... kimmy I just think you be wrong , be all . julianne probably be . forget I bring it up . point to some jade pin . kimmy wrinkle she nose . kimmy I mean , he love he job . julianne bad game , bad town , bad pay , bad flight , bad hotel , real bad food . homeless , rootless , lonely , maybe you copy get into one issue out of four ... smile . julianne what 's not to love ? none of this be lose on kimmy . she 's wonder the same . kimmy but he always say ... julianne ... whatever be manly and independent . Kim nod slowly . Way ahead of she . julianne why would he trade that for run , say , a big piece of the pr at a powerful , complex , challenging conglomerate like you dad 's ? Kim stare back . a strange look . kimmy that 's just the sort of thing my father and I discuss . julianne just blink . amaze . julianne I be not stupid . say , how about this ? point to tiny golden scissors in the novelty case . Kim so absorb by the main topic , she have to force herself to focus on ... kimmy for the twin ? what in the world be th ... julianne gold nose hair clipper . point to the tiny hand - lettere sign . indeed . kimmy shrug , not quite it . kimmy so you do not think Michael 's as happy with he job as ... julianne point to a match pair of large ... kimmy gold dog collar ? they do not have dog . julianne hello . Kim nod , oh . but can not keep she mind off ... kimmy you think he would accept ? hmm ? kimmy Michael . a job like that . oh , well ... julianne by any yardstick that involve sanity , it would be the great thing that ever happen to he . present company except . kimmy nodd slowly . her year achingly apparent . julianne on the other hand , he 's proud . last thing a man want to admit , be be trap in a dispirite dead - end job that can never support a family . a very sweet smile . julianne throw a man a life preserver . he will say , " thanks , anyway , I would rather drow . " Kim nod again . right . they be so bond at this moment . kimmy so ... one almost have to ... julianne exactly . kimmy exactly what ? julianne what you say . make it appear that he 's do you the favor . kimmy bite she lip . her eye go down . self -conscious to admit ... julianne I could not really ... do that . after , you know ... her voice trail off . julianne ( kind , but wise ) ... lie . all the time . that bring the gray eye up . julianne bat she dark one ... julianne oh , darling , my pitiful desire and ambition be dirt beneath the manly boot of you priority ! kimmy have to smile small . a self - awe gal . julianne ( pour it on ) two hundred seedy motel a year ? dinner out of vend machine ? wait for you in vermin-infested corridor of dark crotch - rot locker room ? this stuff make I hot !! kimmy the very word I have use . julianne ' think it over . ' kimmy wait for guidance . julianne we make dad you co-conspirator . Michael do a favor for walter . simple . julianne walter 's reorganize he public relation , need a brilliant guy who 's close to he , who he can completely trust . kimmy nodd . hope override reason . julianne so you beg . Michael , please do this for daddy , please , please , please , blah , blah , blah ... it 's only for six month ... it would mean so much to I to help he out ... turn up she palm . Viola ! kimmy he will see right through it . julianne only . if he want to . they share a smile . julianne in six month , he will be happy , settle , successful ... kimmy he will not get mad , huh ? mr. mooney ( o.s. ) May I be of any help , whatsoever ? Mr. Mooney be the most gracious Brit salesperson ever to offer kindness , intelligence and thoughtfulness to a customer . he be large , sixty , with disappear hair , water eye , and a manner that make you think of immediately hire a butler . julianne bridesmaid gift for two , well , assertive , outspoken , Tennessee debutante . kimmy ( still focus ) he will not be mad ? julianne ( to Mooney ) nothing here seem to quite capture they distinctive personality . mr. mooney something customize , perhaps ? we can fashion most any item from gold . ah. julianne nodd . reflecting . mr. mooney a object that might represent what be close . to they heart . kimmy ( under she breath ) do not even think dildo . julianne dig through she jumble bag ... julianne could you do this ... toss a object on the counter ... julianne in 24 carat ? it be a mastercard . a gold one . kimmy ( softly ) bingo . they smile at each other . more bond than ever . kimmy you do not think he will be mad . a beat . can julianne even make herself do this ? julianne you call . you can live a lie . in a fabulous selection of Red roof inn . or you can make one desperate stab at hap ... kimmy I just do not want to freak he out . what do you think ? julianne stare into the soft gray eye . it 's now or never . the smile of a dear sister ... julianne how mad could he get ? int . fashion restaurant - lunch hour julianne enter with a really nervous kimberly in tow . approach the maitre d' . we close to hear ... maitre d' oh , Mr. wallace and he guest have retire to the humidor . point to a escalator , lead to the mezzanine . behind a glass wall , what look like a british man 's club . thirty guy and a billion cigar . as julianne start toward it ... maitre d' oh. Mademoiselle . she turn back . love this shit . maitre d' it 's unofficial , of course . but , traditionally , the humidor be for gentleman , only ... julianne great . I have get this girlfriend at the justice Department ? with all this time on she hand ? her look be every bit as hard as he . he gesture to the escalator . she take kimmy 's hand , and up they go . we can see walter in a big leather chair , enjoy a major stogie . kimmy lick she lip . they enter . every head turn . a nice range of reaction , from offended to attract and point in between . julianne ( murmur ) piece of cake . I will hang , and think happy thought ... kimmy nod . head over toward she father . julianne walk , confidently , even provocatively , to the wall line with bin of cigar . every eye in the place be on she butt . she run she finger over a few contender . pluck one out , examine it , put it back . walk a little farther . select another , big and black . roll it expertly in she finger . sniff along its length . a guy come over . could be 40 , successful , a broker 's pin-stripe . nearly as attractive as he think he be . guy know what you be look for , little lady ? Little lady , huh ? she glance at he coven of buddy , who pretend not to notice . then , straight to the guy 's blue eye . julianne yeah . do you ? guy I ask first . ah. wit . she hold up she cigar ... julianne I like them long and hard . kind of ... big around . run it under she nose . julianne smell be important , I be a believer in that . take a match from a cut crystal bowl . julianne but you never know what you have get . till you run you tongue over it . and she do . moisten the full length of the cigar . the boy be laugh openly . she strike the match . as she light up ... guy I mean . what you be look for in a man . she glance at he wedding ring . then , straight into he eye . julianne actually , I be partial to marry gentleman . the way she say that . the guy swallow . we can see some of the air have be suck from the room . guy why be that ? julianne it 's so much time . when I phone the wife . explosive laughter from the peanut gallery . as she jam the big clemente churchill into she mouth , she see kimmy wave she over from across the room . without even look at the guy she 's just put away ... ... she cross the room , walter stand politely , look very dapper , very powerful , and focus on she with considerable interest . he wait until she sit on the edge of a costly leather hassock . walter ( simply ) you idea ? she can not read this guy . maybe that 's how he build a empire . she nod , yeah . walter you be a woman of insight . he sit on the arm of he chair . Close enough to speak quietly . walter my wife and I love this marriage , and deplore its circumstance . he puff he cigar . julianne puff she . kimmy look on , a kid watch the grown-ups ... walter as you guess , my daughter be unhappy about give up she life . and , in my opinion , cowardly in avoid the necessary confrontation . then he stop . as if read julianne 's eye . walter Mike have a world of ability . I would do anything to have he in my company . one more puff . walter except ask he . julianne be a little stunne . kimmy look helpless . walter he would resent it . and I . and , most important , Kim . no smile on he lip . straight talk . walter he 's a great kid , but he 's still a kid . instead of recognize that he resistance come from insecurity , he would turn it to anger . to protect himself ... spread he hand ... walter ... from realize that he 's ignore my daughter 's need , despite how very much he love she . he look to he daughter now . walter they both have some grow up to do . but they be good people , they be start with love . they have get time . julianne ( softly ) I think you be make a mistake , sir . his eye come back to she . a little sharply . walter and that interest I . how someone who know he so well could be so wrong . a formidable guy . she meet he gaze . julianne see , I love he , too , as much as anyone here . and for a whole lot longer . from she heart . julianne I think I know best what would make he happy . int . toilet stall - day julianne , fully dress , sit on the close lid of a toilet seat . the stall be tiny enough to arouse claustrophobia in a astronaut . her cellular phone press to she ear , she be listen angrily , smoking ferociously , every call in she body run at red-line . julianne okay , okay , okay , okay , I hear you , all right ? she close she eye . julianne it be stupid , dishonest , desperate beyond belief , and can not possibly ever work . it can only end in humiliation and disgrace . now can I say two word ? deep drag on the cigarette . for strength . julianne do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! she 's stripe she gear . cough horribly . julianne all right , twelve word . int . public restroom - day julianne exit the stall . to face three black teenage girl . just stare at she . teenager ( supportive ) you do it , girl . julianne nod to the kid . they nod back . damn straight . she exit the restroom , into ... ... glaring sunlight . we be in the middle of the brookfield zoo . and sit on a bench , eat popcorn from a bag ... michael wow . what be go on in there ? she shudder . julianne some crazy person . ext . zoo - day Michael and julianne walk together . he 's eat he popcorn . she carry a cardboard container with nacho , a gooey fudge waffle cone , and a large drink . michael you be not eat . julianne I never eat when I be serene . michael you never eat when you be despondent . julianne I switch that around when you be not look . she swirl a single nacho chip in cheese . but she heart be not in it . michael last zoo we be in be ... Beijing , yeah ? sure . the rhino be fuck . julianne Boy , that be the day . and when she look over . his eye be wait . michael ( softly ) yeah , they be . they be pass the hippo pen . but they do not notice . julianne that be nice . the way you say that . so be that . he 's feel restless , something . do not know quite what to say . michael it 's weird be the groom . all this thing kimmy have to take care of ... julianne you need a baby-sitter . that 's what I be here for . he hold she eye . then look down . awkward . and the way he 's do it begin to excite she . julianne say it . he look up , neither one of they notice that as they walk , she be about to ... ... crash into a chest - high metal stand that display animal fact . we have follow he as she be wipe from frame . his face from shock ... to amusement . michael now , there 's my girl . ... to tenderness . pan back to see she wear everything from she cardboard container . nachos , fudge sauce , diet Coke , the work . it be really awful . kid , bystander , laugh cruelly . her eye fill with tear , and she try bravely to smile against it ... julianne see , I can only do it with beer . he take out he handkerchief . and with that and he hand , gently scoops the worst of the mess off she . the fact that he 's touch she breast and she body be something they pretend not to notice . she laugh softly , and a few tear fall , even though she do not know why . such a odd , raw , confusing moment . to the world look on , they be lover . michael ( murmur ) see , better already . and he kiss she face . not quite she lip . but only a inch away . we can feel she heart pound . he strip off he shirt , only a tank top underneath . michael we will go back to the bathroom , you will put this on ... okay ? she sniffles , okay . swallow . julianne Bet you be glad I be here to take care of you . he put he arm around she . michael Bet I be . hold she close , as they start toward the restroom ... michael hope that crazy person 's not still there . we be on they back ... julianne ( o.s. ) she do not scare I . ext . beach club , lake michigan - sunset julianne in T-shirt and short , rush onto the deck of a sprawling beach club . clutch she bag , she quickly survey the scene ... ... the entire beach have be take over by the wedding party . Young folk , old folk , little kid , maybe 200 people . we scan with she to find a crowd around ... ... a three - on- three volleyball game . kimmy and two groomsman on one side , face Michael and the Tennessee deb . the twin wear spectacular bikinis and be surprisingly athletic , as well as predictably uninhabited . as the next point begin , kimmy serve ... ... sammy in back make a nice dig , lobbing to Mandy who set for Michael 's vicious spike straight through he best man 's hapless defense . the crowd cheer Michael , and as he turn , Mandy give he a savage ... ... chest bump of congratulation , that any NFL linebacker would be proud of . it put the surprised Michael straight on he butt . laughter , applause . the twin pull he up and sammy give he a hot kiss on he ear that make the crowd react . Kim play good sport . julianne watch Michael 's body for a beat , then ... ... dash off . down the beach , several barbecue grill have be set up . manned by beach club staff and family alike . Michael 's pop , Joe , be dispense beer from a keg . Kim 's mom , isabelle , be coordinate the bean , potato salad and corn-on - the- cob table . julianne race across the sand to ... ... a huge smoky grill where walter be basting baby back rib , clearly enjoy himself . julianne run up to he , say something into he ear . he look at she . then turn he station over to a club steward , and follow julianne down toward the lakeside . close now . as they stroll together , she 's a little breathless . he 's watch she profile , curious , silent . at the water 's edge ... julianne ( whisper ) be anybody watch ? walter I hope so . this be all too mysterious to waste on just I . she reach into she big bag . pull out a single fold sheet of paper . julianne I pick up Michael 's message for he , at we hotel . I steal one ... his face darken . the easy smile fade . he hold up he palm ... walter julianne , read my son-in - law 's mail , be not something ... julianne Sir , this be important ! have not you ever in you life cut one corner , to make something important turn out right ? his smile return . just a little . walter matter of fact , that 's how I get marry . the look hold . she thrust the paper out . he still do not take it . julianne it 's a fax from Sports illustrate from Ben isaacson , Michael 's boss . walter ( quickly ) I know Ben . she open the paper . julianne " Mike . we still have no answer to we e-mail of Wednesday . which option do you select ? I do not mean to rush you , but personnel need to tie up the loose end . " he take the paper . we see it now . look authentic . julianne I think he 's be fire . walter it do not say th ... julianne he 's say some thing over the past few week . look , this be why I come up with the idea of you offer he a job . he look up . he 's listen . closely . julianne and why I could not say anything before in front of Kim . she bite she lip . seem so earnest . julianne I just think of how ... desperate he must be feel . he 's marrying a rich man 's daughter , and he 's about to become destitute . you know the kind of job market he will be face ? he do . walter and you think he 's keep this to himself . julianne he 's too proud to beg for help . and if you wait till this come out , you offer will be like charity . completely humiliate . he 's stare at she . but he mind be work behind he eye . julianne if you do it now , it 's like he 's help you . he can accept with dignity . he tap the paper with the back of he knuckle . walter this fax could mean ... any number of thing ... she nod . she know that . walter ( softly ) maybe . I should call Ben . julianne then it could all come out , sooner or later . nobody should be in on this . just you and I . or , more correctly , I . she take the paper back . julianne what if , what if I could find that e-mail ? the long straight look . maybe he 's hook . julianne I never notice . kimmy have you eye . int . lobby , ritz carlton HOTEL - twilight tall , gangly , young desk clerk . lank hair , pimple . he look up , beam to see ... julianne hello , again . she 's flirt she ass off . julianne you still have not straighten that tie . and she reach across the desk with she lovely , slender hand . do it for he . her finger brush he chest on the way back . we can assume a woody . julianne you know , my friend , the one whose message I pick up ... ? he do . his eye flick toward he stately female supervisor , help another guest across the way . julianne well , he 's still with the wedding party . and he ask I to get something he need real badly from he room ... ? the boy swallow hard . julianne he 's in 1526 . if you could just let I ha ... boy see that woman ? not only do julianne see she . the woman be look back , while she 's talk to she customer . not a pleasant look . boy she say , if I ever pull a stunt like that again ... julianne you will lose you job ... boy ... tear my pecker off . be what she say . int . HOTEL corridor - twilight a elevator open , revealing julianne , carry a gym bag . she look down the long hallway , see a may 's cart . head the other way , briskly , to ... ... a small alcove . open the gym bag , pull out a bath towel . begins to yank she top up over she head ... angle ... the young maid now push she cart down the hall , wheel squeaking , and from nowhere ... ... julianne dart into she path , barely cover by the towel hold tight across she , she be grin , blush . julianne help I ! the may can only blink . julianne I lock myself out , 1526 , please hurry !! and look frantically up the hall , mortify that any moment a stranger could happen upon she predicament . her eye dart back to the may . please . the may just stare . stare . julianne uno-cinco-does-ses . oh . int . michael be room - twilight julianne alone in he room , look around frantically . no worry about this guy make he bed every day , stuff , clothes , strewn everywhere , the bathroom look like a cherry bomb just detonate . she 's tramping through a bachelor 's debris , wear only she towel , look , look ... there it be . the corner of he laptop stick out from beneath a discard bedspread . she snatch it up , open it , set it on the cluttere desk , and ... ... stop . there be wallet - size snapshot of kimmy . some alone . some as a little girl . some with Michael . and next to they ... ... the plastic fold - out wallet inset . that he have not yet quite rearrange . so she pick it up . leafs through , until she find what she be praying would be there ... ... julianne grin . Michael 's arm around she . on the deck of a boat . they have drink in they hand . happiness in they eye . and she stare at it . Jesus , God , how long have he carry this around ? she flip through further , all the rest have she in they . maybe half a dozen . her heart be throbbing . her eye be damp . back to the one on the boat . she slip it from the plastic window . hold it . then , gently ... ... put it back where it belong . punch up the goddamn laptop . this be it , girl ! do or die . julianne ( murmur ) you would not change you password , would you ? you never change anything . that word make she bite she lip . damn , I be become a senti - mental slob . type in ... julianne ( murmur ) shoeless ... Joe . yes ! we be in ! punch key . letter fly across the screen . okay , we be ready . type ... julianne ( read as she type ) Mike . I hate this downsizing shit as much as you do . but I know this can not become as a complete surprise ... int . beach club card room - evening through the window , the wedding party barbecue have extend into night . lantern , music , lot more food , lot more drink . in the distance , on the sand , Michael be slowdance with kimmy . some - where nearby , the soft clicking of key . we pull back to see ... ... a small clubby room . book , leather , polished wood . only two people here . walter , look on stony - face , as a determine julianne grimly " struggle " to " find " what she 's look for in Michael 's laptop . and then ... ... she stop type . look at the text on the screen . her eye sharpen as she " read " what walter can not see . it 's a oscar performance for we desperate girl . she turn the screen around ... walter ( read ) Mike . I hate this downsizing ... he read . read . read . all the air come out of he . walter ( softly ) and kimmy do not know . she shake she head . nope . no way . walter ( sign ) I will tell she I have reconsider . she nod , gravely . right . he look in she eye . walter you be a smart girl , Jules . she force up a fleeting smile of gratitude . but walter be not smile at all . walter wish my daughter . bad you gut . int . charle trotter be bar - night the hot saloon in Chinatown . upscale , downscale , jamme , Michael and kimmy at a small table in a far corner . close on they ... michael sure you be okay ? she look really scared . turn she drink in she hand . look down at it . michael it 's not just a gag , huh ? kimmy no , it 's , uh ... a real big favor . he take she hand , tenderly . michael I wish you would just ... come out with it . I mean why be we wait for Jules ? she smile up at he . the best she can . kimmy Moral support . she love he so much , and she be sick with worry . kimmy what 's good of have a big sister , if she ... stop . gesture with she eye . because she big sister have just enter ... ... look fabulous . julianne wear a long sleek sarong , slightly see-through . her hair be bound up with silver pin . as she move through the room toward we , we can see that , for once , she make - up be flawless , understate . when she arrive at the table ... ... Michael be beam , admiringly . he stand up . michael ( softly ) wow and wow . you have a date , after this ? julianne never can tell . he hold she chair . she exchange a intimate smile with the anxious Kim . michael you make I think of that song , we use to ... and he start hum . the song be , " the Way you look tonight . " michael ( sing ) someday . when I be awfully low ... they sit . he look from julianne to he bride . michael okay , kid . you be on . Kim 's eye flick to julianne , who nod , supportively . the kid take a breath . kimmy it 's really my father . who need the favor . his face sort of come to a stop . nothing she can read , yet . he nod , yeah ...? kimmy he 's ... he 's reorganize some of the division of the company ... his eye flick to julianne . she look down . michael ( quiet ) he never mention that . neither do y... kimmy ( blurt ) ... and public relation be a big problem area for he . she can see it now . in he eye . she just can not tell how bad . kimmy he need someone incredible , someone really close , who he can trust ... michael like family , huh ? so quiet . so cold . she be terrify . kimmy it would only be , maybe , six month ? or three or four ? it would mean so much to he ... michael to he . she swallow . straighten she spine . kimmy and to m ... michael ( sharp , to julianne ) ... and you know about this . Real quiet . against the noise of this place . julianne I think you ought to listen to she , Michael . this be she life , too . just the thing . to bring that anger near the surface . he turn to Kim ... michael well , which be it ? a demand . sharp. accuse . she do not like that ... michael you gonna tell I daddy think this one up ? all of a sudden , I be the only jerk alive who can help he deal with the press ? she 's trap . angry , scared . a deer in headlight . michael why do not you start be honest for one fuck sec ... julianne Michael !! kimmy ( near tear ) I be honest ! silence . kimmy all of a sudden , I be suppose to drop out of school , forget my family , forget my career , forget all the plan I have for my life ... michael well , forgive I for screwing up you plan ! he can not even believe he 's hearing this . michael I be sure glad I be hearing all this now , before it 's too late ! kimmy what be that sup ... michael and what be I suppose to do with my life , huh ? I be 28 year old ! I work in a low - pay , low -status , zero - respect job which , unfortunately , I happen to fuck love . how inconvenient . shrug . michael no problem . a little bullshit about daddy 's " need , " and presto , I be a lap dog in high society . julianne ( softly ) Michael , it sound like a wonderful opportun ... michael ( whip around ) do it , really ? how come you never take some sell - out establishment job ? you have plenty of chance ! glare in she eye . michael I will tell you why . because that be not you . and it be not I , either ! we be the same person ! back to Kim ... michael what a sweet little picture . mommy and daddy be not lose a daughter , they be gain a eunuch ! kimmy well , if that 's the way you f... michael damn straight , it 's how I feel ! what 's they wedding gift , a little gold collar that say " mikey - poo " ? or do I have to change my name to " binky " ? she 's cry now . Real tear on she face . michael great ! tear ! the big equalizer . you wait till two day before the wedding to drop this on I , and I be just suppose to roll over and drool ! she be sobbing now . she can not help herself . which make he totally crazy . he jump up . michael Fine . I be a insensitive , chauvinist asshole , and you be well rid of m ... kimmy michael !! a wrenching cry from she heart . it stop he cold . and before julianne 's astonished eye , kimmy reach out a tremble hand ... kimmy Michael , you be so ... choke back the sob . kimmy ... so right . and I be so very wrong . Michael blink . julianne blink . for different reason . kimmy we can not go down two road . and still be together . her finger stretch , beckone . julianne uh , kimmy ...? kimmy ( ignore she ) we settle this . and I renege . that be not fair . please , please , take my hand . kimmy you have to forgive I , and forget this ever happen ... people be watch , stare . this two see only each other . kimmy ... or I will die . a freeze , forever moment . he step to she ... ... lift she up in he arm . into the deep , most heartfelt kiss . and as she cling to he , people begin to applaud , and whistle , and laugh . julianne . in she pretty dress . close she eye . int . julianne's HOTEL room - night julianne in she nightshirt , she back to we , sobbing into she cellular as she pace the room ... julianne ... see that 's what I never count on ! I never hear of a brilliant moron before ! we close as she whip around , startling we with she grotesque day - glo purple face mask . the green be better . julianne I mean , the little twerp groveled !! lose it . we know the drill . julianne she be so wrong for he ! clutch the phone . julianne Michael and I be the same person ! self - absorb and imperfect and vaguely loveable ! we deserve each other ! tear be flow . which , over this mask , be not a pretty sight . julianne I be out of hope , I be out of sneaky idea , I be at the end of my rapidly - fray hysterical little rope ! help m... she trip over a open suitcase , and disappear from frame . the thud be slightly alarming . julianne ( o.s. ) God , I hate this hotel . hold . on nothing be particular . julianne ( o.s. ) and I hate talk to you machine ! int . julianne's room - early morning rear view of julianne asleep on the floor , sunlight stream in . a soft knock on a door , somewhere nearby . she barely stir . the knock become a strong rapping , and she fight for conscious - ness . her back still to we , she ... ... rise , stumble to the door , which be now pulsing with a insistent pounding , and throws it OPEN , as we SNAP to ... reverse angle ... close on julianne 's face , still encase in a now - decompose purple mask , she eye springing wide , she scream in shock , and we SNAP back to ... original angle ... digger , watch impassively at the high-strung shriek . in the silence that follow ... digger you steal my line . he touch he face , and she realize ! julianne oh , shit ! start clawing at the overripe mask , but he grab she wrist . digger chill . we do not want you face come off with it . julianne chill ? since when do you say ch ... digger when I be talk to child . she look in he eye . realizing at last . julianne you fly all the way h... digger I notice . I be on the noon back . we have this thing with George 's family in the hampton . julianne ( soft ) you be but in . he still hold she wrist . she bring one of he hand to she lip . kiss he knuckle . julianne ( softer ) I really resent this . int . bathroom - morning julianne seat at the sink , stare into the mirror , as digger gently apply soup , cloth and water to ease away the mask . a paleontologist restore a bronze Age artifact . by the side of the half - fill sink , rest she plugge - in curling iron . julianne what I mean , when I say annoyingly perfect , be that there be nothing annoying about she perfection . it be vulnerable and endear . and that be annoying as shit . digger you like she . julianne if I do not have to hate she , I would adore she . she look up at he and wince , as the movement make he scrape she face . he 's sorry . julianne last night , she be cry , this big , real tear , when she think she would lose he . it be like there be a knife in she heart ... look in he eye . need he to hear . julianne ... and I put it there . I hate myself , I grieve for she , I could not enjoy one second of it ! and then , when it do not work ... can you believe this ? julianne I be devastate . digger ( softly ) go figure you . julianne because I realize . when I see he say " I do , " that knife will be in my heart . and it will be there every ... she hold he wrist now . to stop he . to plead for understanding . forgiveness . julianne ... every time I think of he , forever , which could be a lot . she almost choke on that last part . so she compose herself . julianne you watch a guy caress he girlfriend 's butt . you see a Old spice commercial . sentimental moment be everywhere , when you be in the right frame of mind . she swallow hard . fights for a grip on she determination . julianne there be 18,250 night in the next 50 year ... digger you have be work on this , huh ? julianne ... and have " do the right thing " will only really be comforting , oh , maybe , five , six time . she set she jaw . julianne this be my whole life 's happiness . I have to be ruthless . digger ( quietly ) and you believe that . julianne ( unconvincing ) sure . his eye be gentle and merciless at once . no way she get off this hook . julianne he be in love with I every day for nine year . I can make he happier than she can . digger it 's not he happiness you be feel guilty about ... julianne ( proudly ) I do not know the meaning of the word guilt ! digger impressive . julianne I be break she heart in the short run , but do she a gigantic favor ! she would be miserable tagging along after this insensitive doofus ! digger the man you love . julianne Beyond reason . the feminist warrior will rise up in this kid , and she will be stand over he sleep form with a butcher knife , select from a short list of body part ! digger someday she will thank you . julianne let 's not get carry away . and the defense drain from she clay-ravaged feature . the real julianne be glimpse . julianne I would settle for . someday , I will forgive myself . for ...? julianne for do this terrible thing . her eye tear up . julianne which , by the way , I can not figure out how to do . as the tear fall , he wipe at they , discover ... digger Jesus . you be suppose to take you make - up off before you apply the m ... julianne I know that ! I be distracted by grief ! oh . julianne guess what I brush my tooth with last night ? he think about this . follow she eye to the toiletry kit , he browse for a moment ... digger Zit cream ? julianne I wish . digger neosporin ? julianne try less appropriate . digger Ben Gay . julianne that be Thursday . he stop on that note . digger elmer 's glue ? julianne don't be ridiculous , we're having a serious conversation ! she 's hysterical . digger I give . julianne I can not even say it . now . he 's curious . julianne a hint . the first word be " preparation . " then come a letter of the alphabet , perilously close to G . she reach to test she curling iron , burn she finger , shit ! knocking the appliance into the half - fill sink . she lunge for it , and a terrify digger grasp she arm ... digger consider the circumstance , I be not wholly against suicide ... huh ? digger just not by electrocution in front of I ! oh . digger I have get this noon flight . he reach to pull the plug from the wall , and now she lunge to grab he arm , slip , she face fall forward , stop a inch above the sink . julianne how do you know you can touch that plug ? be you a license contractor ? digger what do you suggest ? she look from the plug down the cord , to the submerge curling iron . and back . julianne maybe they just seal off this room . they have other . he 's stare at she . sweet , but intense . digger I do not mean about that . oh. again . julianne if I hear the word " tell the truth , " or any paraphrase thereof , I dive into the sink and pull you with I . look at she . look at she . digger let 's go meet Michael . I will wait downstairs . int . armani - morning julianne have clean up pretty good . she sit with digger on a fashion - fabric sofa . they be side - by-side , study something with equal concentration . and slight concern . digger I suppose it 's too late to start over . julianne it 's too late to start over . pull back to reveal Michael in he wedding tux , submit to a final fitting from a stylish fitter . michael you guy be heartless , my bride pick this out . julianne like I say , dazzle . digger be she go to dress you every day ? Michael smile over . digger smile back . they live each other . michael yeah , it 's in the contract . digger ( softly ) well , then , I will take it up with she . Michael motion , okay , c'mon over . digger rise , go to Michael , the fitter step back as digger show he ... digger the cut here , here ... this line ... finger lightly travel over the lapel , the side-stitch , the cloth straight down the spine ... digger ... trouser width , this be all classic . which mean safe , something I would wear . michael I should look different . digger you should look like you dress yourself . yes ? Michael 's grin be back . playful and friendly . michael and I be suppose to respect you fashion tip , because you be what , a New Yorker ? digger ( quiet smile ) something like that . julianne love that the boy be get on . michael ( mean this ) Long trip . pretty nice of you to come . digger well , I be close to she . I want to meet the one that get away . Said so naturally . that embarrass Michael , who look down , he smile suddenly awkward . digger what ? michael I be just glad someone finally put this thing in its proper perspective . steal a glance at julianne . she roll she eye . what a goofball , my outrageous friend . michael ( to digger ) stay , huh ? digger I honestly wish I could ... michael I will call George 's parent . tell they I need a best man who actually look after I . julianne come over . julianne ( softly ) they would say that 's my job . she run she hand over he jacket , smoothing it everywhere . with tenderness that approach transparency . glance back at digger ... julianne I will take it home from here . pinches Michael 's ear . look in he eye . digger two word . julianne Major . dish . digger manicure ... she look down . Michael 's nail be unclipped , with layer of impact dirt . she touch he fingertip , a little more softly than she may have intend . digger fly . everyone look down . she zip Michael up . michael ( to digger ) you do not miss much . digger part of be a New Yorker . int . hair salon - morning cut edge salon . loud , pulsing music . digger and Michael in adjacent chair , head back , each smoking impressive cigar as they hair be style . digger 's stylist be a hot trashy female . Michael 's be a tall , flamboyant male in a day - glo vest . each man have one hand soaking , the other be work on by a manicurist , so julianne go from one to the other , remove they cigar so they can exhale . a seraglio feel to the way she do this . now she 's argue with Michael 's stork - like stylist . we can not hear over the music , but she keep tug on Michael 's hair , pretty passionate about she point of view . suddenly , she grab the scissors to do it herself , and Michael ... ... bolt out of the chair . whoa ! ext . o'hara airport - day skycap , guest of impatient traveler , a bus offload forty japanese tourist . a taxi cut off a van to reach the curb . out jump ... Michael . open the door for digger and julianne . digger say something , Michael give he a strong hug . julianne raise one finger to Michael , back in a second . lead digger off by the hand . close on they now . alone in the throng . julianne bye , handsome . digger just stare at she . that madden judgemental eye . julianne you be go to say it , be not you ? digger tell he you love he . with all you heart . julianne I be take my next book to Viking . digger tell he you have love he for nine year , but you be afraid to realize it . julianne I be move this book to Viking . digger tell he you be afraid of love . afraid of need . julianne need . digger to belong to someone . he touch she hair . digger we all do , beautiful . I be sorry about that . stare in she eye . even julianne have run out of word . digger tell he you know this be the worst , dumbest , cruelest moment to do this to he . but there it be , and he have to choose . julianne and what will he do ? digger be not smile . his voice low , beneath the crowd ... digger he will choose Kim . you will stand by she at she wedding . you will kiss he good - bye . and you will go home . he hold up one finger . almost touch she nose . digger this be what you have come to do . now do it . wow . she look frighten and move , all at the same time . she kiss he on the lip . and walk away . he watch she go through the crowd . take Michael 's hand . lead he back toward the taxi . ext . skyline cruise boat - day the skyline of Chicago move past we . slowly . the NBC Tower , cityfront Center ... michael ( o.s. ) Big wedding be so strange . julianne ( o.s. ) you keep say that . up ahead , the wrigley Building draw closer ... michael ( o.s. ) Kim have all this stuff to do , I hardly see she . julianne ( o.s. ) well , you have get the rest of you life . reverse angle ... they lean on the rail of a cruise boat , ease down the Chicago River . wind -blown . Close together . julianne get you bed make . every day . they smile at each other . seem so comfortable together . julianne you miss she , huh ? michael no . I have get you . she nod . that you have . stare in she eye ... michael do not you throw up on boat ? julianne if you like . and she lurch over the railing , emit a barrage of incredibly disgusting sound , she foot flailing in mid-air . he laugh , as he pull she back down to the deck . of course , it be all a joke . he brushes back she hair . sigh . stare . michael I have be think a lot the last couple day . about we , actually . julianne ( casual ) have you . he have . julianne well . there 's a lot of memory to choose from ... michael it 's more than that . that tighten she throat pretty good . when she try to speak , out come a dry croak that make he laugh again . softer , this time . michael I mean , it 's embarrassing to say it this way , but ... he stop . her eye widen in a burlesque of anticipation . so he smile . she know how to put he at ease . michael you have sort of be ... y'know , the woman in my life . julianne ( straight back ) you have be the man in mine . pass under the Michigan Avenue Bridge . no one know quite what to say . michael and I be think this could be we last time . alone. together . you know ? julianne except for the hot affair we will have twice a year . michael except for that . she 's smile so easily . who would guess she stomach be double - knotted . michael I can hardly wait for you wedding . julianne I either . she watch he surprise . michael Boy , I never think I would hear you say that . can I come ? she hold herself together . Real soft with ... julianne I could not have it without you . he 's glad to hear that . and then ... michael it 's normal to have ... second thought , huh ? to be scared . be this a change of direction ? or be it the direction she 's be praying for . julianne I would not know . I never have that many first thought . michael I mean , you commit to a wedding . and then it seem like ... this ... momentum , you know ? you forget you ... choose it . she nod . understand . michael you and I . I mean , in all we relationship with other people ... we do not use the word " love " a lot , do we ? we do not . michael kimmy say . when you love someone . you say it , you say it out loud . right now . or the moment ... Long beat . michael ... pass you by , yeah . she 's a smart girl . off in distance , the Centennial Fountain shoot a eight - foot jet of water across the river . for Michael and julianne it go unnotice . michael we do not have a song . hmm ? michael kimmy and I . we do not have a song . be that a bad sign ? all julianne can do be shrug . then ... michael ( sing , softly ) someday , when I be awfully low ... and the world be cold ... she do not want to cry . so she put all the strength she have into fight it back . michael ( sing ) I will feel a glow just think of you ... and the way you look . tonight . he stop . smile that sweet , boyish smile . michael dance card fill ? julianne I will check . I have it on powerbook , this day . he hold up he arm . and she move into they . he begin to dance with she , turn so slowly . and , yes , people be watch . michael ( sing in she ear ) with each word , you tenderness grow , tearing my fear apart ... she hold he closer . bite she lip . michael ( sing ) and that laugh that wrinkle you nose , touches my foolish heart . he stop . he look at she . she 's still in he arm . michael where do we first hear th ... julianne ( straight back ) the night we meet . right to he eye ... julianne the night we fall in love . he do not know what to do with that . michael so we hear it ... like , right that ... that first ... julianne we dance to it . just like this . just like this . a long beat . and he have to say ... michael I will not lose you , will I ? her eye close . then open . utterly lose in he . julianne no . because I will not let you . int . wallace enterprise - day julianne in crisp chalk - stripe trousers and a buttone - up dress shirt . her coat sling over she shoulder , she wander through the Saturday - desert office space . desk , cubicle , monitor , silent . a row of executive office stand empty , wait for the custodian . turn a corner , we hear ... ... life , at the end of the hallway . a grand conference room with a glass wall . walter , in shirtsleeve , run a strategy meeting for five . deidre , he personal secretary , click every word into she laptop at warp speed . walter see julianne through the glass . a comic take of pleased surprise . he come out to greet she ... walter I think Michael be pick I up . julianne I tell he , get the important stuff , Kim 's ring . I will collect the inconsequentials . meaning , you . they smile at each other . then ... walter Kim say , when he turn down the job , there be no friction . julianne think back . julianne friction . no. he smile at she line read . but he mind be always probing . walter I have not cause ... a problem , have I ? julianne nobody have . so far . her bright grin . his eye linger on it . walter well , you be a little early ... julianne I need to make some call . could I use ... you office ? int . walter' office - day julianne enter the spacious corner office , high above the city . close the door , quietly , behind she . so anxious , she be practically hyperventilate . she go , slowly to the vacant cherrywood desk . its computer and monitor stand silent . she be stalking it , like a deadly animal . and then . she be there . talk to herself , she own desperate support network ... julianne ( softly ) you can do this . Sacred , fill with doubt and conflict . her hand clutch at each other . then , one flick out . and the computer go on . the screen glow . wait for she . her mouth be sand , she stomach water . she pull the paper from she pocket ... ... look at it . look to the monitor . and begin . to type ... julianne ( mumble to herself ) e-mail address . to Ben isaacson , senior editor , Sports illustrate , from ... walter wallace . and stop . her heart be thumping . julianne see , you can do it . it 's easy . do not look easy . lick she lip . julianne you do it fast , it 's over . like it never happen . she sit . and recite as she type ... julianne Ben . I need a favor . here we go . this be it . type ... julianne my daughter 's every happiness . and my wife 's . and , least of all , my own , be in you hand . nod , okay . breathe hard . type ... julianne know you value we friendship , and the ... cooperative relationship between we company ... I be hopeful of you help . touch , that . thinks . it have to be . type ... julianne I have offer Mike o'neal , my new son- in - law , a great opportunity in my company . this would also enable my daughter to settle in Chicago , near we , and pursue she dream and plan . almost there . almost . type ... julianne to he own detriment , as well as ours , Michael will not accept we offer . while he work for you . she stand up . stare at the screen . walk away . walk back . still stand , type ... julianne my daughter join I in this plea for you cooperation and discretion . be there a SOUND ? outside the door . she hover over the escape key . wait . wait . silence . type ... julianne with gratitude . for you understanding . walter . she hit a key . the screen go blank . the computer ask ... do you wish to send ? she tell the computer ... julianne be you crazy ? get he fire ? type no . the computer ask hold for later ? and she type yes . julianne just till tonight when I bring he back . to look for ... she glance to she huge bag . rummages through , pull out a manila folder . lay it by the blank computer . fan out a few page in a natural , disorderly way . take a step back ... and stare . struck to she gut . but when she have do . int . conference room - day walter alone with deidre now , signing a stack of document , as she efficiently place one after another before he . when he glance up , he see julianne wander the hall . stands , tell he secretary ... walter ( go through stack ) off to rehearsal . send out this , and this , not this , this , and ... that 's it . slip on he coat . oh ... and by the way ... walter I be hold four or five e-mail I write over lunch ... on he way through the door ... walter send them out . int . chapel , university of chicago - day julianne and walter enter the rear of a strike gothic chapel , pastel light slant in through stain glass window . we now see the full effect of she outfit , a mar n's - style chalk stripe suit , tailore to fit she body , set off by a bold silk tie . solid dynamite . she hang back , while walter proceed down the vault nave toward ... ... Michael , kimmy , isabelle and Joe , who stand casually joke by the altar . scatter around be assort groomsman , usher , a obvious flowergirl . come toward we , up the aisle ... ... the minister , early 40s , lean and quite attractive . Mandy be hanging on he arm , press she body against he as they walk , murmure urgent murmur close to he ear . he 's a really good sport , and really uncomfortable . sammy be walk backwards , right in front of they , drop she bag , and bend to retrieve it , as if oblivious to major cleavage on immediate display . julianne be so lose in she own anxiety , she do not even notice , until ... mandy reverend dyer , this be kimberly 's somewhat butch may of honor ... sammy ... Mr. julianne Potter , prominent New York drag queen . today , the girl ' voice be charmingly musically Southern , with none of the extreme accent we hear at the shower . the minister extend he hand ... minister billy dyer , julianne . and I love the suit . she shake he hand , smile graciously , but she eye flick to Michael , now approach up the aisle . the girl lead the minister away . Michael arrive . look she up and down . michael ( softly ) take I back . julianne well . she smile . one that glow a little . julianne you sing the song . least I could do be wear the outfit . he nod . michael except now you be better - look . oh , yeah ? yes , mar 'am . as she lose herself in he eye ... michael I get the ring . he pull the box from he pocket . somewhere , a organ sound . and as he be about to hand she the box ... mandy / sammy ( sing ) swi-e- low-ow-ow ... wee -ee-eet char-i-ot ... such exquisite two - part harmony , Michael stop to watch . mandy / sammy ( sing ) comin ' , to car-ryyy I ho -o-o-me ... it be amazing . soulful vengeful slut . he be enthralled . julianne simply impatient . she want he attention . julianne no accent today . michael yeah , Kim tell I they be give you they dueling scarlet 's act . actually , they be sophomore at juilliard . she take the box from he hand . open it , as the sing continue throughout . the ring be delicate hammer gold . one of a kind . michael will she like it ? julianne ( whisper ) yes . she 's stare at the ring . kimmy ( o.s. ) my groom -person ! you family need you ! his master 's voice . he give julianne a smile . and go . she 's leave with the box . gaze at the ring . lift it out . mandy / sammy ( o.s. , sing ) well , I look over yon - der , and what do I see-ee-ee ? slip it on she leave hand . Ring finger . mandy / sammy ( o.s. , sing ) comin too car-ryyy . I ho -o-ome ... touches it . turn it on she finger . so many emotion . mandy / sammy ( o.s. , sing ) it be a hand . of a-a- angel . come ' for I -e-ee ... tries to pull it off . mandy / sammy ( o.s. , sing ) comin ' for to carry I home . it will not come . not even close . int . crab house - night close on a bowl fill with square of butter . hear the butt of conversation from a rowdy , friendly joint . julianne 's right hand reach to the bowl , finger trace the rim innocently , then ... ... slide the bowl into julianne 's lap beneath the table . her right hand massage all the butter into a gooey revolve mess . we can pick out familiar voice now , family in distance , the twin closer . as , hide from view , julianne bring ... ... she leave hand from she pocket . yep . the ring be still there . the finger already red and swollen from pacicky effort to pull it off . and as applause surround we , julianne ... plunge she ring finger into the morass of grease , frantically tearing at the ring , butter splurging on she pants , everywhere , as we pull back to see ... ... the long table cover with butcher paper , the family at the far end , the twin down here with we , a mug of beer for each place , as team of waiter with heaping platter of crab , which they ... ... fling across the butcher paper , as applause continue from everyone but julianne , who still struggle secretly . as the waiter set huge wooden mallet in front of each guest , Joe o'neal rise , pound the table with he mallet for attention . joe like to welcome ever 'body to we little rehearsal supper ... he cough , unaccustom to public speak . walter and isabelle clap and call out support . so Joe lift he mallet ... joe okay , everyone stand up ! and everyone do . with one exception . trapped . she jam she leave hand in she coat pocket , smear she right palm sort of clean on the underside of the table , grab she mallet and jump up . joe to the bride , uh , go the honor ... of crack the first crab ! everyone applause by bang they mallet . Joe raise he high . everybody imitate . kimmy but first , a toast ! and everybody snatch up they beer with they leave hand , as julianne drop she mallet with a horrific crash , grab she beer , look up to ... julianne ( on the spot ) I be right -hande . a hugely embarrassing half - second . bail out by ... kimmy to we host , my cuddly papa Joe . all turn . kimmy who teach I to play " Blue Hawaii . " on my nose . with a look at julianne , Kim set down she mallet gently , and perform a nasal hum of the tropical standard , strikingly she nostril repeatedly for vibrato . it be charming , and everybody watch . int . HOTEL ballroom - later close on a actual , live , if geriatric , lion . he blink from he cage , bored as hell . hear the surround noise , chatter , loud Sinatra music , of a very large party . pull back to see ... ... and overdecorate ballroom , in dim and dramatic lighting , drip with the trapping of ancient rome . the mingling guest be the neatly one hundred female of the wedding party , most of they older woman . they be serve by wander well - build athlete in Roman togas or gladiator costume . pan to ... ... julianne , still in she suit , hide by a table pile with a carload of grape . her leave hand still bury in she pocket . the eye of a hunt animal . from nowhere ... mandy / sammy ( o.s. ) boo !!! she jump a foot , both hand flying up , leave one awkwardly slamm back into its pocket . the girl have snuck up behind she . they have change into hot gowns that be really only wide ribbon wrap around they body . mandy I know why you be scared of we party . it 's too hip . Sinatra sing " Stranger in the night . " hugely - muscle , half - naked black and white stud , serve enchant blue-haire lady . sammy kimberly want to tickle the grandmas , so we figure , give them a cheap thrill . walter supply the decorative touch ... sammy ( point out the joke ) nose tackle from the bear ... power forward from the bull ... defenseman from the Black hawk ... my personal favorite , the designate hitter ... mandy ... I be partial to the tight end . sammy this be USDA Prime , largely available , beef . with no notice - able competition , present company except ... now they stare at she . with identical , really odd , smile . sammy and yet here you be . all celibate and reclusive . mandy with that big , dark , haunt eye . as if you be harborin ' some ... unspeakably ... guilty ... secret . oh . julianne well , I be worried about something . something . they expression be deliciously , identically expectant . julianne oh . I leave this really important file in walter 's office . I have to send my editor some ... some ... julianne ... figure . on territorial sale . to close my book deal . uh-huh ... julianne so Kim give I the key . and Michael 's on he way , to drive I down to Wal ... sammy oh . we think it be the ring . julianne blink . Ring ...? mandy the one you better get the fuck off you third finger leave hand . ah. that ring . julianne well . see . that be a ... reflex to see if it would ... mandy ( helpful ) ... look good on kimberly . julianne right . and then it do not want to come off . exactly . sammy maybe it 's happy there . mandy oh the way out of the crab house ? we ask Michael if we could see the ring ? sammy he say you tell he . it would be safer with you . mandy a so it be . julianne for once be speechless . to we amazement , the girl wear identical smile of kindness and support . mandy shut up , sugar , he 's on he way . let 's get to work . int . HOTEL kitchen - night huge gleam chaotic kitchen . cook , waiter , work at top speed . the three woman race in , look around frantically , half the guy stop to ogle the twin . CUT to ... angle ... and industrial - size jar of peanut butter . julianne 's hand plunge in , halfway to the roll - up sleeve at she elbow . smooches it around , real good . pull back to reveal ... ... she be surround by the twin and six guy , all shout conflict instruction . julianne fling off the excess slop . tug for all she 's worth ... EIGHT people twist it ! twist it ! nada . it will not budge . a sous chef wipe she hand with a towel , a janitor crash a tool kit onto the counter . throws it open , pull out ... ... a spray can of WD - 40 . instantly , she hand be black . the guy tug . no movement . he can not believe it . janitor it 's mental , lady , you be not try ! sammy be rummage through she handbag , pull out ... sammy there be nothing so tight , this can not help it ... ... a tube of jelly . the letter k - y . julianne just give she a look . Mandy push through with a butcher 's cleaver ... mandy I see this on hard copy . people cut off body part and the hospital sew them back of ... the look have turn toward she . julianne ( cold ) I see the show . mandy ... well , maybe it work on finger , too . flower girl ( o.s. ) aunt Mandy ...? everybody turn . the little girl in the doorway . Southern accent ... flower girl Mr. Michael 's here . everything get real quiet . Mandy take charge . she roll down julianne 's leave sleeve , rip the hem out of the cuff , so that it flap down over she hand , cover the ring . sammy wipe the black stuff from julianne 's finger . mandy do not worry , baby . you could pick you nose with that finger and Michael would never notice . he 's a man . the twin lead she off . we be on they back for ... mandy ( o.s. ) personally , I think Mr. Michael 's marrying the wrong girl . sammy ( o.s. ) you be much more he type . ext . downtown STREET - night view through a heavy glass door of the empty , dimly - light lobby . pull back to see julianne , just as she ... ... kick the shit out of the glass ! almost break she foot . julianne I can not believe this ! pull back farther to see Michael still try key from a large key ring in the heavy lock . sign over the door say wallace enterprise . traffic hustle by , oblivious to she suffer . michael it 's no big deal , she just give you the wrong key that 's s... julianne isn't there a guard ? a janitor ? a fucking cleaning woman ? i'll take a burglar ! somebody's gotta be in th ... and she slam she whole body against the glass , make it rattle ominously . julianne where' a brick ? find I a goddamn brick !! she look around wildly , hysterical . michael what be the big deal about get this file tonight ? a good question . she need a good answer . julianne I promise digger I would e-mail he that figure . from he face , that be not it . julianne they be very important figure . apparently . he 's just stare at she . julianne I be up against a deadline . michael I , too . I be get marry tomorrow . julianne that 's my point !! now . he really do not get it . julianne I mean , tomorrow ... we will all be busy with more important thing . so ... so ? julianne ... tonight 's my last chance . he sigh . michael I forget how cute you look . when you get impossible . julianne it 's just ... up there ... right in front of walter 's ... y'know , computer . if memory serve . helpless . julianne we could use ... he computer , to ... just e-mail that sucker right ou ... michael tomorrow be Sunday . nobody 's do business . crack of dawn , Monday , walter will take you up there ... her eye fill with tear . he be mystify . smile tenderly . michael ( softly ) give it up , kid . touches she hair . michael you can not win them all . and slowly , he take she hand . lead she way . she take one backward glance at the lock door . her last dream die . int . lobby , ritz carlton - night Michael and a disconsolate julianne board the elevator . he press 15 , she push 11 . Michael carry a handful of message slip and a envelope . as the car start up , she fold she arm across she chest , at the edge of tear . he do not know what to do . michael ( gently ) listen up , huh ? even if you blow this deal , how big could it be ? julianne ( voice nearly crack ) you be right . easy come , easy go . he 's really concerned , can not bear to see she so upset . michael ( softly ) Jules ? she will not look at he . she want to die . the bell ring , the door open to she floor . she just walk out . and he follow . they stand now , she with she arm cross , lip tremble . she can not believe how close she be to lose it . michael this thing mean that much to y... julianne it mean a lot . he nod . okay . michael I will call the house , walter 's probably not even asleep ... her mouth drop . she can not believe this . michael I will drive you out there , we will get the key , we will go back to the office ... she throws she arm around he , hugging he so hard , so close . he laugh , she be so weird . she pull back , beam , glow . michael come on , we will call from you room . she clap he hand . as they head down the hall ... michael if I fall asleep on the altar tomorrow ... he 's try to flip through the message slip in he free hand ... michael ... you better be there to ... funny , this be all from Ben . she 's at she door , turn the key . he look at the envelope . michael the fax be from Ben , too . man , it 's my wedding , and my boss can not leave I alone ... julianne ( enter she room ) ... maybe it 's congratulation . he follow she in , open the envelope . stops. read . and he face suddenly ... freeze . to stone . julianne ( turn to he ) Michael ? what ha ... michael ( read ) Mike . I can not believe I be do this to you on the night before you wedding . but I think you need and deserve to know ... and he look up to she . michael ... what you be marrying into . he hand it toward she . she take it , hesitantly , and he walk past . toward the phone . julianne ( read ) I receive the follow e-mail this afternoon ... " Ben , I need a favor . my daughter 's every happiness ... " her eye bug out of she head . Holy shit ! we can hear he dialing the phone . she keep read , it 's all there . how do this happen ? michael ( o.s. ) isabelle ? I need to talk to Kim ... julianne ( read ) " Mike , the funny thing be , he 's offer you a gig you would be stupid to turn down ... " michael ( o.s. ) I be just tired . please put she on ? thanks . julianne ( read ) " maybe you should take the job . and dump the girl . " and when she turn ... michael Jules . could you give I a minute ? he look more sick than angry . as if the heart have just be cut out of he . she do not know what to say or do , so she just stand , stare dumbly . michael please ? she nod , stumble out of she room , close the door behind she . now she 's in the empty corridor , clutching she big jumble bag , sink down to sit on the carpet , she back against the door . she do not look elate . she seem frighten , distraught , and most of all , confuse . because she can not understand why . she dig absently through she bag . cigarettes . box of match . she light up . draw deeply . somehow , she seem near tear , and laugh bitterly at that . shake she head at how fuck - up she find herself . squeake wheel approach , but she be too lose to hear they . bellman miss , be you lock out , or something ? she look up . a small , wiry man of nearly 60 , in a slightly fade but neatly - keep uniform . on he cart , a ton of bag . julianne no , I just step out , because ... it 's a non-smok room . and inhale deeply . leans back against the door , to look up at he more comfortably . bellman ( politely ) well , it 's non-smok floor , too . maybe you could go to the ... julianne ( seriously ) why do not you have I arrest ? that be not sarcastic . he do not know what to say . julianne I mean that . arrested , convict , put in solitary . another puff . julianne see , I be a dangerous , criminal person . I do bad thing to honest people . this , see , this smoking ? tip of the iceberg . wave she hand . julianne make a citizen 's arrest , I will not struggle . it will be like get Al capone on tax evasion . now she seem angry . but not at he . her eye fill with tear . bellman can I ... can I help you , miss ? she squint at he nameplate . julianne do you smoke , Richard ? bellman yes , mar 'am , I do , but it 's ... julianne ... a non-smok floor , yeah . well , you know what ? and she take the cigarette from she lip . turn it around , hold it out to he . go ahead . he do not move . please ! and so ... ... he reach down , take the cigarette from she hand . stare in she eye , he take a deep drag . savor a expert nostril- inhale of he exhale smoke . hand the cigarette back to she ... bellman my grandmother always say , " this , too , shall pass . " she swallow . wipe at she eye . find a smile . julianne thanks , Richard . if you be not on duty , I would buy you a drink . he just nod . she wave . he wave back , push he cart down the hall . as she watch he go , the door behind she suddenly open , and she ... ... fall through it , flat on she back at Michael 's foot . stare up at he , see that he look as bad as she feel , she take raw , deep drag . julianne what happen ? michael ( softly ) it 's over . and crouch down . Close beside she . the cigarette drop from she hand , unnotice on the carpet . so he lift it , crush it on the heel of he shoe . michael I want you to quit this shit , it will kill you . she just nod , obediently . okay , I will . michael she deny it . Said I be crazy and paranoid . julianne a bad combination . he try to smile . it 's really hard . michael there 's this big brunch tomorrow morning ? at she place . he let the air out . slow . so he will not cry . michael she say " how can I call everything off , what do I tell everybody ? " shake he head . can you imagine that ? julianne Michael ... michael no , it 's for the best , it really be . we be so wrong for each other . julianne maybe tomorrow , you will feel dif ... michael the job thing would have break we up , eventually , anyway . she could not have live with it . I know that now . julianne nod . maybe that part be right . maybe it would have end anyway . maybe she can pretend she 's not a monster . michael and she 's right , I be crazy to fall for someone . I hardly know . look deep in she eye . he 's so glad she 's there . michael hey . you still get that ring ? she hold up she leave hand , the flap sleeve fall away . the ring be on a finger that be swollen and raw . julianne I try it on . but it will not come off . he smile at that . a sad smile of friendship . then take she finger gently ... ... into he mouth . it be something like a kiss . and when he remove she moisten finger ... ... he pull the ring off . nothing to it . she blink . julianne it 's mental , you know . he do not understand that . julianne should we take a walk ? or maybe some food send up , or something ... michael I just want to be alone . be that okay ? she nod , sure . he kiss she cheek . stands up . michael maybe I will go back to New York . hang with you for awhile , huh ? ben'll understand . she nod again . whatever you say . he step into the open doorway ... michael or we will go somewhere . if you have the time . julianne if San Antonio sweep Sacramento ... they smile at each other . for real . julianne I have never be to Texas . imagine that . the look hold . just above a whisper ... michael thanks for come to my wedding . and then he 's go . in . julianne's bathroom - late night julianne brush out she hair in the bathroom mirror , eyeing she image with evident dissatisfaction , as she listen to the receiver ringing . digger ( v.o. machine ) digger and George be with family in the hampton until Monday morning . brevity be even more in order than usual . beep . julianne hey , handsome . brevity this ... her eye find the pack of cigarettes . next to she toiletry kit . julianne ( softly ) I win . her finger touch the pack . as if a object of significance . take it up . julianne amazing , huh ? I do not do thing quite you way . but ... I get it down . cradle the phone against she shoulder , she carefully tear the top of the pack completely open . julianne and forty year and nine grand - child later , when I sit with Michael on some rustic porch , slogging through we sweet swamp of nostalgic memory ... reaches the pack toward the toilet . julianne no one be go to sweet the detail ... turn it upside down , empty a dozen cigarettes into the john . julianne of one weekend in Chicago . drop the lid with a clatter . Hit the flush . julianne talk about celebration ... she lift a tube from she toiletry kit . stare at it , real close . julianne I be gonna brush my tooth with actual toothpaste . turn it over , read all the write . yep . julianne I guess I be too exhaust to feel the elation I so richly undeserve ... squeeze some paste onto she brush . carefully . julianne so I be gonna hold call at the desk ... while I get my ... start brush . julianne ( around , she mouthful ) God , it be toothpaste , they should sell this stuff commercially ! anyway , a girl do need she ... squint at she image . laugh , spew a little foam . julianne ... well , we be a bit past worry about beauty sleep . let 's just settle for not frightening small animal . she spit . tell digger 's machine ... julianne anyway , I could not have do it without you . even though I do , if you follow that . wipe she mouth . stare off . the eye a little dreamy . julianne Three word : happily . ever . well , you know . smash CUT to : int . bedroom - morning julianne sprawle all over the bed , mouth open like a carp , sleep mask against the daylight . a sudden rapping at the door , and she ... ... sit bolt upright . utterly disorient , until she pull off the mask . stumble out of bed , walk toward the firm knocking , when ... ... it stop . a message slip slide beneath she door . she lift it , barely conscious . this wake she up . in one . julianne ( to the slip ) you be go where ? ext . wallace estate - day julianne climb from she taxi . only slightly in awe , she set off past the reflect pool , which front a mansion of graceful stone and timber . it 's a hike today , because the circular drive be clogge deep with bentley , mercede , and wait limo , vie for space with a score of delivery vehicle of all kind , maintenance truck , catering and florist and food van . int . great room - day julianne escort into a enormous room , where brunch be in progress for more than a hundred . she look from the vault ceiling , to the frescoed wall , the inlaid floor , the massive pipe organ above the stone staircase , the oil portrait of Scottish ancestor and they favorite dog . isabelle have rise from the main table , and come to she . all smile . julianne be in the twilight Zone . what be this people laugh about ? do they still think there 's a wedding ? isabelle Jules . we be so glad you sleep in . take she arm graciously . this woman would make Anne bancroft look coarse . as they walk ... isabelle now , you have a choice . the idea be bride and groom should not see each other on the magic day ... julianne look all around . Magic day it seem to be . where the bell be a bride or a groom ? isabelle so Michael stay put in the garden . kimmy stay in here ... point . there she be , obscure by a cluster of the appropriately fawn . she have the same hunt eye and false , slightly manic smile julianne wear yesterday . this , at least , make sense . isabelle ( o.s. ) ... and the guest go back and forth . where will you start ? close on julianne . watch the brave , frighten bride . julianne she look tense . isabelle ( o.s. , calmly ) nerves . I would never have guess . ext . rose garden - daay a steward lead julianne to the edge of a expansive rise garden , altogether elegant and comfortable with its long white picnic table , where nearly a hundred guest casually dine , serve by roll cart . there , at the head table , Michael stare at we . he look like a poor attempt to cover a hard night . she lock onto he eye . what the hell be go on ? he look helpless , miserable . she gesture with she head , follow I . stalk off . ext . sculpture garden - day bronze abstract piece , some quite large , face a huge set of child 's swing , regulation playground size . julianne sit in one , move slightly back and forth . try to hold on to she temper and she sanity . in the distance , truck be wind they way to and from the pond , where crew be set up tent , light , heater for tonight . the circus have come to town . when she look back ... Michael approach . before he can draw a breath ... julianne I have the craziest dream last night ? walter and kimmy have ask you boss to ... michael look , I come down here to face everybody . I do not want to slink away like some coward ... julianne but the scotch salmon be so fuck good , you decide to stay for brunch ! michael she have not tell anybody , what be I suppose to do ? julianne get marry , apparently . she come off the swing , push he back two foot . julianne what the hell be you think of , the goddamn wedding be six o'clock !! he swallow hard . trapped . michael this be she family and she fault . julianne and you point ? michael ( ten year old ) well . how come she do not ... julianne because she' as chickenshit as you be , you moron be made for each other . he just blink . michael hey . this be a serious matter . thank you . she poke he chest , punctuate ... julianne I will be right back . int . kitchen - day a modern take on the medieval castle kitchen , tower ceiling , dark wood , copper pot hang , a series of walk - in cooler and freezer . the place be a madhouse of activity , as prep cook slice , chop , sort , every kind of food imaginable , and delivery team bring more . the girl walk through . alone together in the eye of the hurricane . Kim choke with excess sentiment ... kimmy look at all this beautiful food , so lovingly prepare ... julianne they will eat it anyway , you ever be to a walk ? kimmy 's lip tremble . this be not how she think of she wedding . the din be so horrific , kimmy lead they into a walk - in meat locker . even here , two butcher be dress Eastern - fresh corn - feed carcass . julianne you guy want to give we a minute ? the man blink at each other . julianne we would like to be alone with we pork . on that basis . they leave . kimmy sit on a stack of package freeze fowl part . stare up with big , sweet , wet eye . kimmy how 's he do ? julianne can not believe this . julianne who ? the jerk who 's run you life ? kimmy this must be ... very , very , hard on he . julianne what with the psychosis and all , yeah . leans in . listen ... julianne when be you gonna come clean with you folk ? kimmy do not you see ... julianne if you be wait for " do you take this man ? " , that 's consider poor form . kimmy ... that this be all my fault ? stop julianne cold . you fault . kimmy whatever delusion I drive he to , there be truth at the heart of it . I want he to work for my father . I want to stay in school . I want a life of my own ! harder and harder for julianne to push . her mouth be dry . julianne yeah , well , lot of couple be imcompat ... kimmy I love he . fragile and strong at once . a plea . kimmy tell he it 's my fault and that I love he . a long beat . julianne I will be right back . ext . tennis court - day the court have become a giant hold pen for tonight 's balloon . there be maybe a billion in assort color already blow in all direction , under clear plastic sheet which have ben spread across the top of the court 's chain - link fence . Michael stand outside the court , clutching the chain link like a prisoner , as julianne come through the gate . from somewhere , we hear high , squeaky , alien voice - like sound . incongruous against ... michael how be she ? julianne absorb this . as the bizarre sound continue , she whirl around ... julianne knock it off !!! we now see three stoner college guy , who have be fill the endless array of balloon from helium tank at center court . clearly , they have be inhale they work material . stoner kid ( minnie mouse ) yes , sir ! a Nazi salute . when she turn back ... michael I ask you ... julianne she admit it 's she fault . he absorb that . and then ... michael do you think she still love I ? we watch the struggle inside she . her voice drop ... julianne sure , she do . she 's crazy about you . now tear stand in both they eye . the stoner be do they Alvin and the chipmuk impersonation festival in the b.g. , sing in castrato harmony . but we two do not notice . michael I keep ask , how can I explain what happen ? and I keep get that same answer all night long . which be ... michael I can not . and it do not matter . I drive she to it , because I want thing my way . and even if she do something tricky and unfair ... she be blind by love , okay ? julianne swallow . for obvious reason . julianne do that make it right ... michael Love do not have to be right . it just have to be love . the stoner be now helium - croon " Bridge over Troubled Waters . " actually , they be get better . michael she 's give up half she life for I , and I be bitching because it hurt she . stoner ( sing ) sail on silver girl sail on by ... michael she 's a saint ! and I be a worthless ingrate ! stoner ( sing ) you time have come to shine , all you dream be on they way ... michael tell she . I will marry she at six o'clock , if she will still have I . the stoner blend on the high note . it 's pretty move . julianne I will be right back . int . organ loft - day pan along a gigantic serpentine stack of wedding present . nearly twelve foot high , the pile curve along the balcony , high above the diner in the great room , extend al the way to ... ... a organ loft . alone , above the noise of the party , julianne and kimmy have just reach the top of the staircase . trapped between ten ton of lavish gift and the keyboard of the mammoth organ . dwarf by they surroundings , kimmy draw the hardest breath of she life ... kimmy ( whisper ) so . what do he say ? julianne 's eye move over the young girl 's face . julianne he say . marry I . kimmy yelp in she ecstasy , flinging herself against julianne , and they go down full length across the organ 's pedal , blasting the room with a monster chord of china-rattling volume and horrifying disharmony . as grow man and woman scream in spontaneous terror below , kimmy begin to ... ... laugh . and kiss and hug she new sister . and hold she tight . ext . willow pond - day julianne and Michael walk the gravel path beside a breathtaking pond , ringed with willow that dig heavy branch to the water 's surface . he be relieved , reflective . head down , he never notice that she be ... ... dangerously freak . too petrify even to hyperventilate , we be lucky she 's breathe at all . we watch she life unravel before she glassy eye . michael ( never look up ) thank God you be here . julianne ( mumble to herself ) oh , yeah . michael I be so confuse , so conflict , so ... unstable . julianne well , it happen . they pass a expanse of lawn which have become the event parking area . family vehicle , delivery truck , service van . everything that could not fit on the circular front driveway . michael I might have throw away ... search for the right word . julianne ... you one chance for true happiness ? michael ... yeah , that . julianne you never want to do that , see , that 's always a ... costly turnover . as they say in the sport biz . there 's a vague stepford wife quality to she voice . he hear that now , and look at she . maybe he can not tell she 's frighten . but he can tell she 's something . michael ( softly ) be you okay ? she stop walk . she can not look at he , so she look around . across the lawn crew be move equipment into the brightly - color tent , unfold and set up stack of table and chair , raise the pole between which all that balloon will be strung . at the center of it all ... .... a huge topiary White Sox batter , just complete a murderous swing . he 's maybe fifteen foot tall . she point to it ... julianne the Big hurt , huh ? michael nellie Fox . walter like the past . and he like the little guy . so julianne nod . because she do too . squint up at Michael . julianne get a minute ? he nod , you bet . worried for she . what be this ? she look in another direction , and we now see that we have nearly reach ... ... a stage that 's be set up for the band . chair , music stand , sound equipment . a gleam dance floor , already in place over the lawn . next to it , a shimmer white gazebo . like the centerpiece of a wedding cake . julianne why be the dance floor by the gazebo ? she take he hand . they walk toward it . michael kimmy 's idea . she think it would be such a romantic place . for we wedding dance . look down at she . michael what 's up ? julianne shhh . up the white step now . together . the gazebo floor have be cover with hardwood . the perfect place . for a wedding dance . and julianne ... ... turn , suddenly . he almost run into she . she be stare up at he , so strangely , they body only inch apart . he be catch , transfix by the intensity in she eye . julianne I have to say this quick , okay , or I will have this massive coronary and you will never have to hear it . which you need to . do that make any sense at all ? the coronary part do . we can feel she heart beat from here . michael Jules , what 's wrong ... julianne this be the dumbest thing I will ever do . so dumb , in fact , that I can not . I do not think . and then , she do . she put she hand flat on he chest . look in he eye . julianne Michael , I love you . a heartbeat pass . julianne I have love you for nine year , but I be too arrogant and scared to realize it . now I be just scared . he stare at she , dumbstruck . she move even closer . julianne I know this come at a inopportune time , but I have to ask this one really gigantic favor , okay ? hold she breath . and ... julianne choose I . marry I . let I make you happy . and in a half beat of excruciate silence ... julianne I know . it sound like three favor . his eye be loving . they care for she . she swallow , lose in they . julianne but when you think about it ... slide she arm around he neck , and raise she mouth ... ... to he . the most beautiful kiss she will ever offer . all of she heart be in this , and as he hand touch she body ... ... a scream rip the world to piece . they whirl to see ... ... kimmy , halfway up the path . her hand across she mouth , as if to stem the horror that pour forth as she shriek from she soul , and ... ... run . back down the path . Michael bolting after she , shout she name . a freeze moment , and ... ... julianne take off after he . all three run , scream they various emotion at the top of they lung , as workmen stop to watch from neighbor country . kimmy , stare from halfway there , have a insurmountable lead . leap into she convertible and peel out , just tearing up the gravel as she rocket out of sight . no way to catch she . still ... ... Michael be racing for the car . julianne , sprinting she gut out , lose ground with every stride . Michael jump into a Cherokee ... julianne michael , don 't , you'll never catch her !! he grind the gear . she keep running . his engine fire . julianne she have too big a lead and she drive like a rabid animal !!! he blast off . she keep go . gasp for air , clutching she side , she 's die here . slam into a florist 's truck , look inside , shit ! next , a butcher 's van , look inside , Jesus ! julianne ( to the world at large ) doesn't anybody leave keys anymore ? whatever happened to trust ?? up ahead , Michael have stall the Cherokee . she still have a chance , dash to the next van . bornstein extermination , a handsome rendering of a rat above the toxic material warning fling the door open . stumble in . key ! julianne ( o.s. ) thank GOD , a samaritan !! Michael speed away . she kick the ratmobile in gear . lurch off . int . ratmobile , downtown chicago - day julianne tear through traffic , desperately struggle to keep Michael 's Cherokee in view , while she shriek into she cellular ... julianne it be not go well ! down the block , Michael whip around a corner . we follow suit to see he destination dead ahead . Union Station . the dispatcher radio intrude ... dispatcher ( o.s. ) uh , unit four Baker Charlie , how we cookin ' on that skokiie infestation ? now she 's steering the car , tear at the radio control , and scream into the phone cradle on she shoulder ... julianne this be what come of telling the truth ! field man ( o.s. ) copy , dispatcher ... julianne or even part of it ! field man ( o.s. ) uh , what happen if you get that methyl- ethyl shit on you hand ? Michael rip into the train station 's parking lot . we swerve around a taxi , CUT off harley , careen into the lot ... julianne getting what you deserve be not fair ! dispatcher ( o.s. ) uh , you get maybe thirty second before you be sterile . for God 's sake do not touch yourself , or anything . up ahead , Michael be out of he jeep and run . julianne and I hate talking to you machine ! she slam on the brake , throwing herself against the wheel . younger field man ( o.s. ) uh , this be one monkey Zebra . it be not bee in the gal 's wall , it be cat ! she tear the door open . scramble out ... younger field man ( o.s. ) she say gas them , anyway , she will pay cash . uh ... how do I pay this ? with julianne now , racing through the lot , Michael vanish into the Station , she plunge in after he , bouncing off bystander , apologize , lung on , gasp for breath , past exhaustion , threaten clumsily through the crowd like a staggering drunk , catch a lucky glimpse as he head ... ... down a staircase to the track . my God , what 's he do ? a second wind , fuel by panic , and she bolt after he , dancing down the steep staircase somehow without kill herself , reach the concourse to see he , run for ... ... track 29 , a train already rumbling , ready to pull out , she sprint after he . julianne michael !! he disappear behind the train , she fall , skid , spring up , push through gape onlooker , almost there , the train pull away ... julianne nnnoooo !!! but he 's just stand there . his back to we . watch it go . her body nearly collapse with relief . she push herself on , but she leg be not work right in they max - out fatigue , and she lope and stagger until she come up behind he . he 's still lose in think , stare after the train . she try to speak , but there 's no breath . so she put she hand on she knee and just gasp for air like a dog . wheezing , panting , try once more to speak , but she can not yet , and then he casually turn and ... ... jump out of he skin ! a heart attack see she . julianne ( croak ) do not speak ! he just blink at this sweaty , rip - up , maniacal figure . michael uh. I see that move ... julianne don't speak ! flinging both she hand across he mouth . a freeze beat . he nod , okay . cautiously , she take she hand away . at least she have make he smile , in spite of everything . at least she 's do that . julianne I have to make a confession . another confession . besides that I love you . this be even worse . this . he 's wait to hear . julianne the e-mail ? you think walter send you boss ? I write that . you. what ?! synapse overload . michael you be not say you actually ... you be say that y... julianne ( stricken with remorse ) ... write it , yeah . I be the bad guy . michael be you crazy ? she nod she head wildly , hair flopping . michael be you absolutely insane ?? bigger nodd . michael be you on drug ??? shake she head , like a two - year-old . michael ( pace in circle ) I mean , do you realize what you have ... well , of course you realize , that 's why you be confess , I mean ... I mean ... how could you do that ? julianne I do not know it would get send . I just want you to ... get mad at kimmy ... and ... and watch . as this begin to sink in . julianne I have do nothing but slimy , underhanded , despicable , not even terribly imaginative , thing . ever since I get here . try to ... stare in he eye . eye she can not read at this point . julianne ... to win you . to win you back . tear in she own eye now . Big one . julianne and I be blind by love . like you say . shake she head ... julianne but that do not excuse any part of it . I be pond scum . no ... julianne actually . lower . I be the fungus that feed on pond scum . lower . the layer of mucous that crud up the fung ... michael lower . julianne ( agree ) lower . michael the pus that infect the mucous that crud up the fungus . and to she amazement . the trace of a smile ... michael ( softly ) on the other hand , thank you . she blink at that . which squeeze out a tear . michael for loving I that much , that way . he shrug . just above a whisper ... michel it 's pretty flatter . julianne except it make I fungus . michael well , that part I know . she 's never love he more . julianne so you have to marry Kim . because she will actually make you happy . I , in contrast , be a shallow , neurotic psychopath , with relatively little to offer . okay ? julianne Kim . nod you head . do as you be tell . he nod he head , still smile . her tear be run now . maybe she do not notice . julianne just promise you will never tell I who you would have choose . if I have not confess . she choke back a sob . julianne cos if you would have choose I . then I throw away a perfectly good life . just to be a decent person . which be a questionable trade - off . right ? he nod , slowly . because he 's suppose to . julianne and if you would have choose some 20 - year - old punk over I . I would have to kill myself . ah. his smile keep get smaller . more loving . more wonderful . michael ( whisper ) I will take it to my grave . good . she look around . julianne I be so glad you do not jump on that train , before ... michael I come here , look for she . for she . the word leave a silence . julianne why would she come here ... michael this be where I propose . stare deep in she eye . she need to hear this . michael I have to cover a game in milwaukee . she see I off . and when the train start to leave ... I jump up on the step , I help the handle , and without ... he grin . have to admit ... michael ... without a think in my head . I shout , " marry I . " I do . now she eye tear up again . and she do not know why . michael and she gasped , and cover she mouth , and the train be pull out , and suddenly she scream yes ! just once . and blow I a kiss . what a girl . michael I never forget that . julianne it 's two week . michael almost three . julianne that be so romantic . which make he reach and touch she hair . michael I just wonder if you know why . do you ? michael it 's because romance be not mystery , and trick , and doubt , and halting , unspoken longing . that 's not the real romance . tear in he eye now . first time . michael the real romance be say yes . do she know that now ? he look at he watch . michael ( sigh ) woulda be a nice wedding . oh. that . julianne ( urgently ) you can not believe you have lose she ! sooner or later , you will find she , and you will look in each other 's eye , and you will see all that love ... julianne course , if it 's later rather than sooner , I would hate to be you at six o'clock . ( beat ) you have get a lot of explain to ... michael I be just think of how she 's hurt . lost. alone . like she life be over . julianne that 's little egotistical . he glare at she . julianne but , undoubtedly accurate . she clap she hand , galvanize by the emergency . julianne okay , we will split up . you go to every romantic place you guy have , I will go ... someplace brilliant , and the first one who ... michael if you find she ... strange tone . a gentle warning . michael the kiss . May be hard . for you to explain . ( beat ) because the only fear she really have , be ... julianne ... I , yeah . and she like Tommy lasorda . case close . look at she own watch . shit ! michael but if you do get to she first ... she look up . michael there be something you be authorize to say . ext . taxi stand - day julianne sit on the fender of this guy 's taxi . the driver smoke , pace , while she wait for a connection on she cellular . then ... mandy ( v.o. ) wallace egregious residence , Mandy speak . julianne it 's Jules , you guy have not have a call from , say , kimberly , have you ? mandy ( v.o. ) oh , she 's slip out , the little monkey . prob 'ly with Michael , doin ' the nasty . a shallow laugh ... mandy ( v.o. ) or cry in she nacho , down at comskey Park . julianne 's face snap to alert . julianne ex - cuse I ? mandy ( v.o. ) I have this crank call ? from some guy who think he see she ? I say , what would a bride be doin ' , on she wedding ... julianne you be so right . what a nerve on that guy ! bring my dress to church , huh ? signal the driver , let 's go ! julianne I want to pick up a little something for the ceremony . int . luxury BOX , comiskey park - afternoon game in progress . julianne and the bodyguard stand in the doorway of the desert skybox . everyone walter know be go to a wedding . the box be empty except for one cardboard container of nacho , extra cheese , sit alone before a pull - back chair . bodyguard she would not confide in I , so I call the house . he sigh . feel terrible about all this . bodyguard luckily , I get she cousin . julianne nod . yeah , big break , there . julianne go to the john , she say ? bodyguard could be there awhile . int . women' restroom - afternoon julianne burst into the enormous chaotic restroom . look around wildly , no sign of Kim . julianne yo ! immigration ! everybody stop . pay attention . julianne I got a warrant for ms . KIMBERLY wallace ! silence . from the long line of stall ... kimmy ( o.s. , sobbing ) in here , you bitch ! now everybody 's really interested . julianne ignore they , stride to the stall . knock , like it 's a door . no answer . julianne let I in , baby , or I will rip this damn thing off its non - code- compliant hinge ... woman ( o.s. ) get the fuck outta my face or i'm gonna mess you shit up !! some scattered applause . from down the line ... kimmy ( o.s. , still sobbing ) over here , nitwit ! oh. scatter laughter . julianne move down the line . stare at the door . we hear the soft , mute cry from within . slowly , julianne ... ... drop to she knee . bend she head low . peer under the door . what she see , prompt a sad warning ... julianne incoming . and she crawl under the door , on she belly . we go with she to see ... ... Kim fully dress , perch on the close toilet lid , she knee draw up , she arm around they . julianne pitiful . and pull herself up to she knee . kimmy try to glare , but it just be not in she . kimmy have not you do enough ? the world get real quiet . a entire bathroom be listen . julianne cock she head to one side . julianne in one minute . you be go to feel so foolish . kimmy why don't you just drive a stake through my heart ? julianne have you ever hear of . irony ? irony ? kimmy sniffles . julianne I throw my arm around you husband . and kiss he with all my heart . because I be so happy . for you . nitwit . and lean close . as kimmy flinch . julianne ( whisper ) he 's go to take ... ( big grin ) the job ! a stunne pole - axed moment . and kimmy 's eye spring open . you mean ...? julianne ( beam ) with you dad , yeah . can you guess why ? bitch ? everything inside kimmy burst free in a torrent of tear ... kimmy he love I !! and dissolves , sobbing , into julianne 's arm . a beat , for julianne to reflect , and then she stroke she tenderly . julianne well , of course , he love you . kiss the top of kimmy 's head . julianne ( very soft ) Hell , even I love you . kimmy hold she tight . from she heart ... julianne I never want to go through this again . kimmy that 's entirely understandable . angle ... outside the stall . julianne 's foot stick out under the door . kimmy ( o.s. ) shit! the time ! the two burst out of the stall , hand - in-hand , at a desperate dead run past we . hear they explode out the door , and ... ... five stall OPEN . woman exit , cry . ext . university chapel - twilight a taxi pull up in front of a ivy - cover chapel , fronted by nearly a hundred soul , milling about in attitude range from overstimulated curiosity to clinical hyperanxiety . we girl jump out of the cab , and half the crowd start run toward we , twin in the lead ... sammy whatever hap ... julianne ( cut this short ) we be bond , we lose track , we be officially sorry , now let 's put it behind we . Kim wave at she mom by the chapel entrance . and take julianne 's hand for support . julianne believe I , we get a bride who 's worth wait for , yes ? everybody nod . julianne out of we way . ext . dressing room - twilight White . pure blind white . across frame float more white , this gauzy and ethereal . it settles , its root plant deeply in the bride 's hair . tilt up to ... ... the face of the woman who place it there . julianne 's eye , appraise this bride we can not see . and so softly ... julianne do not worry , sugar . do not worry . julianne when he look at you , it will be as if ... the word stronger . because there be no smile . julianne ... he 's never see a woman before . pan down the white until we be ... close on the bride 's perfect slipper . hold . and ... int . chapel - evening begins to slowly pan back up the length of a exquisite gown . we can tell from the organ , the nearby thrum of expectant voice , that we be near the moment . we reach ... ... kimmy 's hand . firmly clasp walter 's . keep panning , the bodice , the lace , she throat , and finally , we be close on ... ... the face of the bride . now we understand the word radiant . we also understand scared senseless . we perfect , unflappable kimmy be in a trance of emotional overload where bliss and panic seamlessly blend . the organ 's noddle stop . kimmy 's eye alert , like a small animal bear a predator approach she thicket . suddenly , the chord . the wedding March from wagner 's lohengrin . here. come . the bride . and we SNAP to ... full angle ... Kim and walter . this be it . walter ( whisper ) Left foot . reverse angle ... Kim 's Pov , the chapel , every pew pack , every neck craning this way , the white satin carpet down the endless aisle to where ... Michael wait . also in a zone of pseudo-consciousness . from which he attempt a smile . not comforting . Kim 's Pov whip pan the groomsman , the twin , locking focus on julianne , stand strong and beautiful , a glow of she own in the daffodil dress . she send she little sister a wink across the trackless mile of aisle . you can do this , kid . so ... ... kimmy do . on she father 's arm , she walk the gauntlet of the world 's intrusive admiration . one step at a time . the most beautiful she will ever be . she be dazzle the crowd and manage to not throw up at the same time . and she 's there . at he side . she glance back to she may of honor , just to make sure she 's not work without a net . so julianne ... ... cross she eye . which let the kid smile and finally take a breath . have a little fun , huh ? Kim nod , get it , turn to ... the Minister . who stand before they with a calming presence . thank God someone have do this before . the crowd have hushed . the Minister 's eye be only for two . his word be for all ... minister Michael and kimmy write this word . she ask I to confide , mostly Michael . a ripple of laughter . Gentle and fine . they be set in . minister so he get to say they . a surprise . a pleasant one . the crowd adjust in its seat . as Michael begin ... michael why do people get marry anymore ? and on this word . we SNAP to julianne . share she interest in the bluntness , the simplicity , the unorthodoxy of this beginning . michael ( o.s. ) why not live together amicably , with no sense of obligation beyond the moment ? her eye . she 's listen . michael ( o.s. ) as long as the sex be good . as long as no one more interesting have wander into view . as long as the thousand conflict of two individual will remain comfortably compromise . panning now . other face . isabelle . proud to the bone . michael ( o.s. ) and when one feel the urge to move on , to explore the new . no guilt , no disgrace , no promise break . walter . his eye damp . against we expectation . michael ( o.s. ) no agony of have dishonor a time . when we heart . and the world be different . Joe nod , as he hear ... michael ( o.s. ) Marriage be a lot to put up with . julianne once more . no breath . rapt . michael ( o.s. ) the answer must be . that there be some need basic to the human heart . that embrace ... the obligation of commitment ... fulfill . her eye have cloud . as if Michael be talk to she . michael ( o.s. ) some need to belong to one another in a way which rage against the notion ... that all be impermanent . against the notion of mortality . and suddenly , all the feel rise in she throat . michael ( o.s. ) we love be bigger . and longer . than life itself . and the tear come . they come freely , unhid , unnotice . as if they be need . Michael now . look at he bride . michael that 's what we want . and marriage . be what we do about it . kimmy smile at he . with love bigger than life itself . michael we be fool in this . thank God almighty . he be do . there be a silence . minister Boy , that be good ! people laugh . the Minister hold up a sheet of paper . for the crowd to see . mostly paragraph cross out in red ink . minister Michael and Kim also edit what they want I to say ... more laughter . minister the idea be , we be only marrying once . we have to remember it forever . let 's keep to the good stuff . ( squint at the sheet ) you may kiss the bride . bigger laughter . the Minister wave this off , he little joke . turn to the best man , pantomime the ring . as the hammer gold circle be hand to Michael , julianne absently scratch she still - swollen finger . Mandy tap julianne on the arm , and produce ... ... a match ring . take it ! give it to she . so julianne step forward . place the second ring into kimmy 's wait hand . they eye meet , and hold throughout ... minister ( o.s. ) if anyone here can show just cause why this man and woman should not be marry , speak now . or forever hold you peace . julianne clear she throat . kimmy 's heart flutter . in the silence ... julianne 's wonderful smile . just kid . Michael reach for Kim 's hand , turn she gently to he . place he ring on she finger . hold she hand . michael kimberly . I promise to love . and respect and comfort you . to hear you voice and you heart . until we be parte by death . she swallow . smile a fleeting , beautiful smile . fumble slightly , put the ring on he finger . kimmy Michael . I promise to love and respect and comfort you . to hear you voice and you heart . until we be parte by death . stare in each other 's eye . a moment so fragile , the Minister wait a extra beat . minister for the record , you each agree to marry the other ? kimmy ( quickly ) I do ! michael ( smile ) I do . the Minister join they right hand . minister we have not say much about God this evening , I know . but he be here . and he be happy . to bless his wonderful child . close now on julianne . for the inevitable moment . minister ( o.s. ) in that Michael and kimberly have give themselves to each other by solemn vow , and the exchange of ring ... unnotice by the world . her eye be close . minister ( o.s. ) I pronounce they husband and wife . that whom God have join together , let no one put asunder . the eye open . wet , brave , ready for ... minister ( o.s. ) now . kiss the bride . julianne watch . as Michael do . ext . wallace pond - night this be what all the preparation be for . tables , light , balloon , the guest dance on the hardwood floor , at the base of the gazebo . the bride and groom among they , relaxed and happy . two who be one . pan to ... ... the stage , the band play . julianne confer with the twin and the band leader , clear that she 's give the instruction . then , she take she glass of champagne to the microphone ... ... klunk it , for silence . the band stop . the dancer follow . all eye be comfortably turn to the may of honor . she look to the couple . just below she . then , to the crowd ... julianne I be a writer , too , not as good as Michael . but I do steal from quality . she raise she glass . everyone at the table do the same . julianne this be to my best friend . on the occasion of he wedding . shout of support , a few whistle . silence . she tell Michael ... julianne if I have truly come to know you bride as my new sister . this be in she heart ... she have to stop . swallow . because she will not let herself cry . julianne " understand . I will slip quietly away from the noisy crowd when I see the pale star rise , bloom , over the oak . " deep breath . look in he eye . julianne " I will pursue solitary pathway through the pale twilit meadow , with only this one dream : you come too . " a hush . sharp applause . from four hundred hand . but not from he . he be too move . too understanding of what he have hear . julianne I do not have a wedding gift . but this be on loan . until you two find you song ... and with that the band begin . the open phrase of a song we have come to know . Michael seem overwhelm . julianne nod toward the gazebo ... ... Michael take he bride 's hand , lead she up the stair , into he arm , as the twin step to the microphone , and guest begin to applaud a unschedule wedding dance ... mandy / sammy ( sing ) someday , when I be awfully low , and the world be cold , I will feel a glow just think of you , and the way you look tonight . Soft two - part harmony . as perfect as the word . mandy / sammy ( sing ) you be lovely . with you smile so warm , and you cheek so soft , there be nothing for I but to love you , just the way you look tonight . julianne can cry now . because she 's tie with half the place . mandy / sammy ( sing ) with each word , you tenderness grow , tearing my fear apart ... and the laugh that wrinkle you nose , touches my foolish heart . julianne begin to sing . unheard . unseen . even by the man she 's sing to ... julianne / mandy / sammy ( sing ) you be lovely , please do not ever change , keep that breathless charm , darling , please arrange it , cos I love you ... just the way you look tonight . the band keep play . the dance go on . two people lose in each other . the way it 's suppose to be . int . great room - late night bedlam . julianne catch in the middle of the throng . a young couple , dress for travel , appear at the top of the staircase . the shout be deafen . the bride have she bouquet ... ... she spot julianne far below . throws it she way , julianne reflexively goe for it ... ... not a fuck chance . the twin nearly trample she in the stampede , Mandy wresting the prize from sammy 's grasp . everyone cheer , and then the couple be ... ... flying down the stair , racing through the crowd with a protective phalanx of groomsman bodyguard , head for the door , for freedom ... ... julianne , trap in the crush , lose sight of the couple , struggle against the flow , suddenly panicked by the certainty that she will never see he before ... and then , he 's there . he have julianne in he arm . holding she so tight . a embrace so wonderful , so terrible , she could go mad from the confusion alone . against the din , he murmur in she ear ... michael wherever I go . however far ... she sob . hold he . deep , deep breath . julianne you win a few , you lose a few . some get rain out . and to she surprise ... digger ( v.o. , very softly ) you have a good time ? to she great surprise . there be a few tear leave , after all . julianne I do what I come to do . digger ( v.o. , even softer ) good girl . she just can not speak now . so she do not . digger ( v.o. ) I be think . maybe you might visit we for awhile . we have get the room make up . this fuck guy . God , she love he . julianne I will think about it . I be okay . digger ( v.o. ) oh , you be more than okay . just above a whisper ... julianne you , too . and with the last of she strength ... julianne if the sun come up , I will see you tomorrow , huh ? a chuckle . at the other end . digger ( v.o. ) I will play that odd . you have sweet dream . we hear the click . she turn she back on the star . shoulder straight . Chin up . she walk from frame . fade to black . hold end credit . --------------------------------------------------------------