my big fat greek wedding 2 written by nia vardalo fade in : ext . chicago street - dawn ah , it 's fall . not in a cozy , peaceful way . in that slushy miserable Midwest way . strong wind bend the tree of lakeshore drive . grey rain drip from the magnificent mile storefront to the street sign of the suburb . dissolve to : ext . portokalos house - early morning the light turn on at the Portokalo house . CUT to : ext . portokalos house - day , continuous a large old black cadillac back down the driveway of the corinthian - column home . it drive at a wrong angle . stop . drive forward , correct . back out again . correct again . back out . the car drive ten foot and stop at the very next home . sfx : honking . that house door open . CUT to : i/e. car / miller house - day , continuous close -up : a smudge '' happiness be be greek '' Greek flag cover on a opa ! license plate . pan up .... int . gus' cadillac / miller house - day , continuous sfx : car door close . through the windshield , in the passenger seat , toula portokalos , 40' , be burrow in a scarf , she glass fog with every breath . ( continued ) continued : gus portokalos , 70' , look to he right , concerned . he be about to put the car in gear , but then : gus you better get marry , you be start to look old . startle , toula look up , realize she dad be not talk to she . in fact , he be look in the rear-view mirror , at the back seat . at toula 's daughter . toula dad !! you can not say that to she ! paris , Gus 's 17 year old granddaughter , pop forward , look at he with horror and dismay . paris pappou !! Gus shrug , put the car in gear . toula , not look together this morning , or ever , shake she head . toula ( v.o. ) well , that 's a family tradition . my dad use to say that to I and now he just say it to my daughter . she 's 17 . CUT to : ext . miller house - day , continuous wide shot : the car , in front of the modest Miller home , which be beside the Portokalo home , now drive .... toula ( v.o. ) my family worry about each other . we be close . extremely close . +... ten foot , stop at the very next house . this house be decorate with all thing Greek , complete with a parthenon Marbles door frame . toula 's brother , nick portokalos , 40 , wave from the window . toula ( v.o. ) we see no difference between hugging and suffocation . ( continued ) continued : Gus honk . ( annoy every morning , neighbor glare out window . ) CUT to : i/e. gus' cadillac / nick 's house - day , continuous Gus wag a finger . gus toula , find you daughter a Greek boyfriend before she do what you do . toula what the -- gus married a xeno -- toula my husband -- gus not Greek , a xeno -- toula how can you say that -- Paris lean forward , angry at she mother . paris stop . chagrine , toula turn and look out the windshield . toula ( v.o. ) do I speak for all mother of teens when I ask , do it ever get better ? Gus lower toula 's window , cold wind and leave hit she in the face . CUT to : ext . nick 's house - day , continuous Nick 's wife , ilaria , 30' , pregnant , wave as she twin boy , 4 , pull maria portokalos , 70' , hold the '' leash '' of they harness backpack . ( continued ) continued : maria ( yell ) Gus , I put you pill by you coffee . gus ( 0.c. ) yeah , yeah ... Nick , a parka over a robe , run out with costa , 9 . CUT to : i/e. gus' cadillac / nick 's house - continuous Gus be always thrilled at the sight of he son . gus nicko ! Nick lean in the passenger window , hold up costa 's project on , of course , Greece . nick hey , hey . dad , pop the trunk , I be freezing my ' nad off . costa climb over Paris , squish too close , wag a finger like a old Greek man . costa too much makeup . toula see Paris be annoyed be school by a ' tween . gus costa , do you finish draw Alexander the great ? costa ( proudly ) uh huh . and I sculpt a parthenon out of soap . costa hold up a crudely carve blob . and a type page . costa ( cont 'd ) oh no , spell - check correct spanakopita to spina bifida . Gus lower the back window , Nick lean in to kiss costa , who giggle and kiss he back . ( continued ) continued : toula ( v.o. ) ah , kiss from you child . that 's over . impatient to go , Gus point to a house , and drive off . CUT to : ext . athena 's house / STREET - day , continuous a Greek flag wave from a post , and a la the island , the house be whitewash with a bright blue dome roof . holding she baby son , athena , late 40 's , and she husband yianni , late 40' , appear . toula ( v.o . ) my sister do it right . just as she son become possess by the teen wolf hormone , she have just pop out another one . Gus honk hello . Athena yell back into the house . athena move it , aristotle !! Athena hand the baby to yianni , step out on a mykonos - shape welcome mat -- it play the Greek National anthem . aristotle , 9 , run out and by Athena . yianni ( yell ) put on you hat ! CUT to : i/e. gus' cadillac / athena 's house - continuous aristotle put on he hat , crawl over Paris , squish between she and costa . athena Paris , come by the restaurant some time . aristotle you should butter the garlic bread . paris can not wait . ( continued ) continued : athena ( not get it ) yeah , it 's fun . Athena lick she thumb , wipe food off aristotle 's cheek . then try to do the same to Paris 's mascara . athena ( cont 'd ) toula , you see this eye ? you and Ian better fix that . toula ( nope ) yep . gus okay bye ! Gus drive as Athena yell out . athena after school you have hockey ! you brother be come so make sure you score ! Gus drive off as aristotle blow kiss to he mom . gus you will score , the Greeks invent hockey . Paris eye roll in the back , toula eye roll in the front . but costa and aristotle vehemently nod . costa yes , because what do you play hockey on ? Ice . aristotle what be the Greek word for ice . payo . costa payo , puck , there you go . aristotle there you go . gus there you go .... Paris and toula scowl out the window of the car . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) the nosy / cranky neighbor , mrs . white , 60' , walk she dog and grimace as the cadillac pass she . Gus good - naturedly honk hello . Mrs. White jump , then swear under she breath . CUT to : ext . chicago suburb - day Gus 's cadillac drive . gus ( 0.c. ) now give I a word , any word and I will show you how the root of that word be Greek -- aristotle ( 0.c . ) Facebook ! CUT to : ext . high school STREET / step - day gus ( v.o. ) the Greeks invent Facebook . we call it the telephone . Gus 's car pull up . the boy head to the lower school . toula watch Paris get out . of course , Gus have one more nugget of wisdom : gus Paris , keep you eyeball open now for a nice Greek boy . make baby , do not waste you egg . toula wince . Paris can barely contain she revulsion . paris outstanding . Paris turn to the high school . suddenly , toula leap from the car , grab Paris . ( continued ) continued : toula ( blurt , loud and fast ) Paris , pappou do not mean to say anything hurtful , you be beautiful , so beautiful , of course you do not look old , he just say stuff like that , to , well , to I too , you do not need a boyfriend , you do not have to get marry or have baby - Paris side - eye the ever-present school loudmouth tommy , and the cool student , include tiahn , clifford , all 17 . and , bennett , 17 . bennett . toula do not see the effect he have on Paris . Paris turn to glare at toula . paris ( tooth gritt , sotto ) mother . toula stop talk , stare at she daughter . toula ( v.o. ) when do my name change from -- CUT to : ext . miller driveway - summer day ( flashback ) paris , 4 , run to camera : paris ( at four ) mommy !!! CUT to : ext . high school parking lot - day ( the present ) toula ( v.o. ) «+. to -- paris ( furious ) mother ! ! toula realize she be hold Paris 's face . she drop she hand . ( continued ) continued : Paris turn , walk past group of teens . she be alone . tommy ooh , drama . toula blink , look up at : a banner hang : college fair tonight . CUT to : ext . chicago street - day the downtown Loop in the distance , the cadillac drive through Greek town . CUT to : I /e. gus' cadillac / chicago street ( the present ) Gus drive , as toula think . toula ( v.o. ) I guess when my daughter start to pull away , I should have step back . CUT to : int . school gym - day ( flashback ) packed volleyball game . Paris be a line judge . wearing a parent volunteer sticker , toula work the snack table on the side . toula ( v.o. ) but I stay too close . I keep volunteering at she school . I want she to think I be cool again . toula keep wave to Paris , who wish she would go away . then , a volleyball smack toula in the head . she drop . the gym of people suck in air . Paris cringe at the attention . toula be on the ground . ( continued ) 10 continued : toula ( v.o. ) then I remember I have never be cool . marge and edie , 40' , the overbearing volunteer mom , smirk into they hand . student , include Tommy , be quietly giggle . then - tommy ( 0.c. ) here come the principal . the principal be backlit . it 's ian miller , 40' , and even though he look wear down by the teen year , he be handsome . toula ( v.o. ) my husband have always be cool . he just have it . and he always know what to say . Ian lean in . ian you okay , babe ? toula sit up , nod , see : Paris look at she with disdain . dissolve to : i/e. gus' cadillac / chicago street - day ( the present ) remember this , toula wince . toula ( v.o. ) just when my daughter do not want I around anymore , my parent need I more than ever . Gus , drive , nod off . toula nudge he chin , he wake up . toula see they pass the senior 's rehab CENTER . dissolve to : int . rehab CENTER waiting room - another day ( flashback ) toula ( v.o. ) so I take they to get grocery , to they doctor , and to physical therapy . toula wait : through the glass , Gus do hip therapy . ( continued ) 11 continued : toula blow off dust from a peanut bowl . eat some . the receptionist , dominique , look up . dominique the old guy suck the chocolate off that nut . toula spit nut . CUT to : i/e. gus' cadillac / olympic TRAVEL - day ( the present ) Gus drive past close - down building , one with two tatter sign : olympic dry cleaning , and olympic TRAVEL agency . toula see the sign . toula ( v.o. ) I use to love be a travel agent . but in a tight economy the first thing to go be luxury like travel and dry clean . CUT to : i/e. gus' cadillac / dancing zorba 's - day the car pull up to the family restaurant , dancing zorba 's. toula ( v.o. ) luckily , people still eat . toula get out , then help she dad as he slowly get himself out . toula pull a walk cane from the car . Gus look around to be sure no one see this , reluctantly take it . toula hold he arm as they walk . Gus slip , bump into toula , knock off she glass . Gus step , accidentally crunching they to bit . CUT to : int . dancing zorba 's - day toula now squint , flip on the light , hang up they coat . Gus , exhaust already , limp to the corner booth . toula hang a wear sign in the window : we now cater , too ! ( continued ) 12 continued : toula ( v.o. ) my sister and brother have small child , so I help at the restaurant . it 's what nice Greek girl do . toula put on a mud-brown seating hostess jacket . toula walk past a pie case fill with mini-bundt cake , each with a fall -color orange or cranberry gerbera in its center . toula ( v.o . ) families that be close like mine , we make it through bad economy , war and sickness because we stick together ... toula go to a drawer , find a strip of empty disposable contact lense . she remember something , and rummages to find a pair of glass . they be ugly and they be once hers . she put they on . toula look as downcast and frumpy as she once do . toula ( v.o . ) .-.- but some of we just get stick . toula look out the window . Cars and people pass she by . the day be as bleak as she mood . dissolve to : int . high school hallway - day in the exact same stance as she mother toula , Paris stand , look out the window . SMALL group of student huddle at locker . Paris be alone . she turn and head into : CUT to : int . high school library - day Paris take a book from a bookshelf -- Ian walk up . ian hey Paris -- ( continued ) continued : 13 paris do not talk to I . people think I be a narc . ian I -- should not you be in class ? paris you track I all day ! Mom be needy , pappou want to marry I off , yiayia constantly tell I to never , ever let a boy touch my poulaki because once he feel it , he want it . ugh , this family ! student look over at the voice from the bookshelf . tommy save it for the therapist 's couch . riiiiiight ? he go for a high five which no one return . ian Paris , you mom once feel the same way about be Greek -- paris dad , that 's obtuse , why would I have a issue be Greek ? Paris point behind she to 5 cheerful poster declare upcoming meeting : syrian Club ! , Korean Club , Greek Club ! , Gay & lesbian Club ! , handi- capable Club ! paris ( cont 'd ) I can not take that everyone be always in my business ! give I some air . I be not a kid , I can be late to a class , there will not be a spasmodic catastrophic ripple in the space- time continuum . and yes , four of that word be Greek . Paris storm away , Ian look wear out . dissolve to : ext . high school - night banner : college fair tonight ( continued ) 14 continued : parent and student enter the gym . dissolve to : int . high school gym - night booths line the wall . Fresh - face reps , from college from Harvard to Phoenix University , talk to student and parent . slap on a parent volunteer sticker , toula look for Ian , see that overbearing mom , marge and edie , and duck back . they intercept she . toula hey , hi ! marge and edie click they pen , tap they clipboard . marge where be you when we set up ? toula sorry , my pipe froze -- edie and decorate the gym -- toula I have to plunge the sink -- they stare she down , click they pen . marge you be on clean - up . marge hand toula a garbage can , they leave as Ian walk up . ian hi. have be marry 17 year , they barely look at each other . toula hi. Ian take the garbage can from toula , shake he head . ian you can say no to they . toula laugh ruefully . ( continued ) 15 continued : toula sure . ian Babe , it 's be a long time since that two make fun of you lunch -- toula wince , remember . toula they call it moose- caca . Ian nod , he 's hear it before . toula see and point to Paris : ian there 's Paris .... Paris move to the next booth : northwestern university . ian ( cont 'd ) hey , if she go to Northwestern , she will stay in Chicago ! toula please , oh please . should we go over there ? ian nuh uh . Ian gently pull toula back . toula right . maria ( 0.c . ) there she be ! toula 's face freeze . do she just hear she mother ? toula no no . the portokalos family ( Gus , Maria , uncle taki , angelo , nikki , she husband and two son , 20' , Nick , costa , Athena , aristotle in a pee-wee hockey jersey carry on the shoulder of four brother , age 18 to 27 , plus several male cousins ) come thunder down the aisle . ian do you invite the family ?! ( continued ) 16 continued : ( 2 ) toula gasp , realize she make a mistake . toula I tell my mom . Maria pounce on horrify Paris . maria be a dental hygienist ! a mother work two day a week , perfect . nikki pull a comb from she hairdressers 's work smock . nikki Paris , be a hairdresser like I . as the family give they opinion to Paris , Gus nudge Ian , point to all the boy in the family . gus Ian , look , everyone have boy . you , one girl . vegetarian . slow sperm . Maria 's cell ring . maria it 's thea voula on the facetime . aunt voula , 60' , appear on Maria 's iphone . aunt voula ( on maria 's cell ) I be on my way , I be at Zumba . now Gus and uncle taki be on a bench . gus we need to find Paris a boyfriend . uncle taki how about ariana skoufis 's boy ? gus everyone from that island have six toe . uncle taki let 's wait until summer , we 'il check he foot . at the booth : aunt voula come in still talk into she iPad . ( continued ) 17 continued : ( 3 ) aunt voula I do not see you , I do not see you . I see you . she hang up , greet Maria , show she iPad . aunt voula ( cont ’d ) look at this app , 10,000 step , I meet my goal . where 's taki ? he never answer he phone . maria ( wryly ) ; why stand when you can sit ? Maria point to Gus and uncle taki on the bench . Gus and uncle taki see they wife look over at they . gus look tired so they 's 1l leave we alone . Gus and uncle taki slump . at the booth : nick hey angelo , you get my flatscreen tv ? angelo oh , I get it right here . angelo rap Nick in the groin , they laugh and wrestle . costa grab he cousin aristotle and they do the same . mike ( 0.c. ) alright , alright , break it up . they all turn to see Ian 's long time friend , mike , 40' . ian Mike ! hey buddy ! you miss work at this place ? Mike indicate the school and student , shudder to Ian . mike no . too scary for I . Mike wear a chicago police officer uniform . ( continued ) 18 continued : ( 4 ) mike ( cont 'd ) sorry we be late -- Mike and he wife , cousin marianthi , 40' ... marianthi -- we pick up mana -yiayia . wait , where be she ? they all look around for mana-yiayia . Mike lift a table cover to find : Gus 's mother , mana - yiayia , 9us . she hold a tupperware of : mana -yiayia spanakopita ! the family descend on mana - yiayia and eat . aunt voula hand she iPad to the Northwestern rep . the woman crowd around Paris . aunt voula take a picture . nikki move beside Athena . nikki pull my neck back . athena yeah , do mine . the woman put they hand on the back of each other 's neck , pull back each other 's neck skin so they face look young . Paris be horrify . toula see Paris watch student walk around she giant family . clifford hey , bennett . bennett . Paris turn . there he be . and he see she family . toula see this , turn to the family . toula we should go . nikki why ? ( continued ) continued : ( 5 ) 19 Ian impatiently indicate the wait Northwestern rep . toula so Paris can go to Northwestern . ian that 's right , she 's go to Northwestern . Paris scowl at that decision be make for she . northwestern rep if she get in . the family gasp . Gus and taki stand . gus if ?! the family murmur . Nick and angelo quickly step to the rep , pull he aside : nick ( sotto ) if my niece want to come to you school , you be go to say '' welcome , '' get it ? angelo ( sotto ) and tuition discount mean a box of steak for you . the rep look uncomfortable . northwestern rep none of this be actually up to I . no one see Paris slip away . Gus step up . gus she 's only come there if you teach Greek history . toula grimace . northwestern rep of course we have a classics program , Greek , italian - Gus smirk . ( continued ) 20 continued : ( 6 ) gus the Greeks invent Italy . northwestern rep actually , no . gus yes . northwestern rep nope . gus you Greek ? northwestern rep no , sir . I be a sephardic Jew . gus then you Greek . northwestern rep no , my family be Spanish -- gus Alexander the great go through Spain spread he seed . you Greek . some of the family nod . some look doubtful . toula cringe . maria Gus , it 's not the time . northwestern rep and it 's ridiculous . they all start argue with the rep and each other . paris hey ! no one notice she . paris ( cont 'd ) hey !! everyone turn around . Paris hold up four pamphlet . paris ( cont 'd ) Alabama , Florida , Texas , New York . this be the college I be apply to !! Far , far away from here . ( continued ) 21 continued : ( 7 ) everyone be stunne . toula blurt : toula why do you want to leave I ? Paris 's eye bug at that . she stalk out . the family be devastate by the think of lose Paris . shake he head to toula . gus do not I say , get you daughter a Greek boyfriend ? Gus turn back to the rep . gus ( cont 'd ) and you , educate yourself ! we be all descendant of Alexander the great ! I be for sure ! maria no , you be not ! the family argue . toula and Ian look miserable . Nick and angelo threaten the rep . Mike show he gun . the rep turn away . to mana - yiayia , offer spanakopita . dissolve to : ext . dancing zorba 's - day late February thaw . costa ( prelap ) give I a word , any word and I will show you how the root of that word be Greek ! CUT to : int . dancing zorba 's - day aristotle okay , chimichanga ! in a booth , costa and aristotle drink tea and play backgammon . Gus ( continued ) continued : 22 costa sure . chimi be from the Greek word keema which mean spicy beef and changa be from the Greek word tsanta which mean purse . so , meat that be shape like a purse : chimichanga . there you go ! aristotle there you go . from the next booth , Gus do not look up from he newspaper . gus there you go . at the counter , toula watch Paris butter garlic bread . Nick and angelo come in , mid-conversation . nick anyway , just meet she , she 's from Holland . angelo Nah , I do not speak hollandaise . quit set I up . they see Athena and nikki through the short order window , motion '' hunger '' at they mouth as they sit at the counter . nikki and Athena place a plate of sandwich at the window . toula pass sandwich to the man , put one on a plate , give it to Paris . toula hey ... Paris do not look up . toula indicate herself . toula ( cont 'd ) um , just because you do not want this to be you job when you be my age , do not mean you have to run off to college in another city . I hope you apply to some local college too . Paris look toula straight on . ( continued ) 23 continued : ( 2 ) paris why do parent always say , '' dream big '' , when they really mean , '' but not too big . '' like , '' fly little birdie , oh wait , let I hold you wing . '' toula can not deny this be true . Gus walk by , cough into he hand . gus payback . toula what ? Gus cover , jerk a thumb toward the back . gus Office . Gus pass mana -yiayia run a floor - waxer bigger than she . CUT to : int . dancing zorba 's office - day , later toula come in . as if he 's hide something , Gus quickly close a cupboard , limp to he seat . toula dad , let I take you back to physical therapy . gus I can fix it myself . Gus wave she off , point to a chair , toula sit . toula please do not lecture I about my daughter . gus I be go to find she a boyfriend , she will stay in Chicago . relax , you be get wrinkle like the dry fig in my village . toula try to relax she face . Gus motion to the computer . ( continued ) 24 continued : gus ( cont 'd ) show I how to work that . toula you want to learn how to use a computer ?! gus yeah . what 's that call where people search for ... DNA ? toula uh ... a crime scene ? gus no , where they come from . toula oh. the find you ancestry site ? Gus nod . toula type it in . Gus look at the site . gus ha ! I be go to prove to you mother that I be related to Alexander the great . do not tell she . he hold a finger to he lip , shhh , it 's a secret . toula no noooo . you will have to type in you relative all the way back to 300 BC . you get frustrated just add up check . gus you mother talk to I and I lose count ! show I . toula exhales . then , point to the cursor . toula okay , this be call a mouse . gus why ? toula I do not know . put you hand on it . Gus cover it completely . ( continued ) 25 continued : ( 2 ) toula ( cont 'd ) less . Gus do . toula ( cont 'd ) all right , now look on the screen . gus do not make up word , you confuse I . toula okay . see , on the scree -- uh , computer ? that 's you mouse move . Gus stare . move the mouse . then ... see it . his entire face light up . gus I get this . a little later : Gus pound the table , toula turn from the cabinet . gus ( cont 'd ) where do it go ?! toula you have to press save ! toula try to help Gus input information . another day : Gus and Ian scream at the computer screen . ian quit ? gus no quit !! another day : Gus be input number Ian be recite . of course , Gus get they all wrong . another day : Gus be input a document 's number as Nick sleep . ( continued ) 26 continued : ( 3 ) gus ( cont 'd ) 3276 toula come in with snack . Nick wake up , try to shove toula into the chair . Gus never turn around as Nick and toula wrestle to force each other to stay . another night : the desk lamp glow as Gus work alone . he put a document into a dusty tin which once hold Greek cookie ... see he marriage certificate , pick it up . close - up : the signature line be empty . Gus be confuse . CUT to : ext . church - day a overhead shot of the parking lot : Gus 's cadillac be park askew with its rear tire up on the curb . the service be over , Gus and Maria walk out with mana -yiayia , aunt voula , uncle taki , angelo , Athena , yianni , Nick , ilaria , they baby boy , nikki , she husband , all the son . toula , Ian and Paris come out . Maria indicate the family . maria see Paris , you can not move away , who would you go to church with ? this land on toula and Ian , Paris do not have a answer . Gus point to a group of greek boy . gus look Paris , husband . Paris quickly turn away . paris I will be in the car . toula I ' 1l go with you . ian I too . ( continued ) 27 continued : paris ( dryly ) of course . aunt voula nudge angelo toward a group of attractive women . aunt voula angelo , go pick a wife . angelo let it go , ma. the priest introduce anna , 40' . priest Gus , Maria , we have a new family . Maria shake Anna 's hand . maria how do you like Chicago ? anna we love it ! Da bear . maria ( not get it ) okay . anna we be the mikosis . I be Anna , that 's my husband , George -- Gus see the back of GEORGE , 40 's , chat to a group . maria I be Maria Portokalo this be my husband , costa . do you have child ? gus do you have a son ? anna we do ! Gus grunt to uncle taki . gus meat-eaters . Maria , invite they to the restaurant . Excuse I , I have to go talk to the Priest . ( continued ) 28 continued : ( 2 ) Gus head to the Priest who be head back up the stair . maria go slow , you hip . as Anna 's husband George get closer to they ... nikki brighten . nikki I know you ! anna ( so proud ) ah , yes , you must recognize my husband George from the channel 7 news . George flash gorgeous white tooth . GEORGE hello lady . nikki get excited . nikki yeah , I know you ! do the thing . GEORGE '' good evening chicagoland . '' George wink . nikki unzip she top , grin . Gus go to the church entrance , hold out the certificate and a pen to the Priest . gus pater , look at this . never sign . will you -- when he see the unsign line , the Priest look alarmed . smash CUT to : int . dancing zorba 's - day in the corner booth , aunt voula and uncle taki lean to Gus . aunt voula you be not marry ?! Gus shush they , look around . ( continued ) continued : 29 uncle taki how can this be ? gus you know , the war ! the village priest do not finish seminary , there be no money for anything . I guess he just come back to town and perform the baptism , funeral , the wedding , and no one know ! aunt voula turn to uncle taki . aunt voula lucky we get marry in athen . they cross themselves . uncle taki pick up the paper -- no signature . uncle taki we Priest just can not sign it ? gus not allow . uncle taki what do Maria say ? gus I do not know how to tell she , you know how upset she 'il be . smash CUT to : int . portokalos kitchen - day Maria laugh . maria we be not marry ?! Maria hold the marriage certificate . widen : uncle taki and aunt voula see that toula , Ian , Nick , ilaria , Athena and yianni be stunne . gus no. Maria laugh harder . ( continued ) 30 continued : maria we be never marry ? and we have child ? gus yes . Maria love it . maria I be a hippie ! Gus and uncle taki frown . gus Maria , this be serious , it 's not right . maria who care ! we be marry now by what 's that call ? time serve -- Maria be still laugh . gus people will find out . we have to get marry . toula ( teasing ) yeah dad , you better get marry , you be start to look old . the room be quiet . Ian discreetly shake he head . toula ( cont 'd ) too soon ? toula lean back . gus the Priest say he can do it , we can go today . Maria stop laugh . maria today ? ian sound good . let 's go . ( continued ) 31 continued : ( 2 ) maria I be not ready to get marry -- Ian pivot back . gus we be marry already ! maria then why do we need to see the Priest ?! Gus look confuse . gus what 's go on ? Maria get up , pace . then ... blurt : maria I want you to propose . gus what ?! I do . maria no , not really . you do not say it right and it 's be bother I for 50 year . the family exchange look . gus what do I say ? maria you do not remember ? gus it be a long time ago ! maria you say , '' I be go to America , you come or not ? '' all the woman wince . the man nod , sound good . uncle taki / yianni / nick it 's direct . / what 's wrong with it ?/ better than I . ilaria swat Nick . ( continued ) 32 continued : ( 3 ) ilaria yeah , you say , '' I want to put a baby in you . '' nick I think it be romantic . ilaria and that be the last time you try to be romantic . nobody warn you when you get marry , the romance be go , just like that ! that land on toula and Ian . they can not look at each other . aunt voula see this reaction between they , take it in . nick can we focus on my parent here ? toula ma , what 's wrong ? Maria be upset , try to decipher she feeling . maria I do not know . I just do not want to get marry today . disconsolate , Maria go upstairs . athena toula , do something . toula start to follow Maria . aunt voula stop toula . aunt voula I will talk to she . everybody out . everyone avoid eye contact with Gus and quickly disperse . CUT to : int . miller master bedroom - evening toula hurriedly sort laundry , knock over a picture . it 's Paris , at four year old . toula sit on the bed , sigh . holding a marshall bag , aunt voula walk in , lay a white lace doily over the back area of a arm chair . toula um , hi thea . ( continued ) 33 continued : aunt voula just a present from I . I already do you live room . toula ah . thank you . now aunt voula pull a small box from the bag , hand it to toula . toula ( cont 'd ) I have tweezers , oh with a light ! how 's my mom ? aunt voula she 's not talk to you dad until he propose . you dad say she 's always be bossy and he will not do it . toula okay , I ’11l talk to they after I make dinner . toula get up . aunt voula pull she back down . aunt voula you and you husband look terrible . toula okay . aunt voula stop try to fix everything . you baby you parent because you can not parent you baby anymore . you generation , you be super mommy . then one day you wake up , realize she do not need you , and you forget how to brush you own hair . toula I do not have time to -- aunt voula text you husband , you be go on a date . toula where ? ( continued ) 34 continued : ( 2 ) aunt voula I do not know , do I have to do everything ? aunt voula pull a sexy red nightgown from the bag . aunt voula ( cont ’d ) and for afterward , this will help you sleep better . toula look at the nightgown , groan . aunt voula ( cont ’d ) satin be slippery , like a eel in -- toula thea , please ! that 's the last thing I can think about . I need a shower and wrinkle cream -- aunt voula cup toula 's face , look she over . aunt voula wrinkle ? no , no , wrinkle . Greek do not creak . aunt voula point to the nightgown . aunt voula ( cont ’d ) anyway , you know what taki like in bed ? toula cover she ear , make noise to drow out aunt voula . aunt voula ( cont ’d ) confidence ! that 's sexy . okay , I be do . toula uncover she ear . aunt voula ( cont ’d ) and , dress up like a hotel may , man love morning room service , sunny side up ! toula clap she hand . toula good talk ! aunt voula go on you date , do not worry about anything . ( more ) ( continued ) 35 continued : ( 3 ) aunt voula ( cont 'd ) mana - yiayia and I will stay with Paris . i’11 talk to she , scare she out of move away from she family . ( laugh ) I be kid . but not really . anyway , have fun . laugh , flirt . one rule : do not fight , which mean do not talk about you daughter . remember , you be a girlfriend before you be a mother . toula smile , do not know what to say . aunt voula ( cont ’d ) you be welcome . aunt voula wave she hand from toula 's eyebrow to toe . aunt voula ( cont ’d ) shave everything . dissolve to : int . upscale restaurant - night Ian sit in a booth , dressed and groomed like he’s have a makeover , look great , and a bit nervous . toula , also dress up , hair blow out , makeup on , walk up . they see each other . a moment . it 's nice . Ian stand to pull she chair out . ian Quick . sit down before my wife get here . toula laugh . they admiringly look at each other . ian ( cont 'd ) you're ... clean . toula thank you . ian you hair .... toula I wash it . ian you look pretty . ( continued ) 36 continued : toula four hour , five hundred dollar . ian how much ?! toula you look so handsome ! ian yeah ? thanks . aunt voula call I and say , '' you use to be handsome , get it together . '' I get my nose hair trim . toula wryly smile at that . toula ah , who say there 's no romance after marriage ? Ian lean in . ian me. toula I , too . Ian take she hand . ian let 's work on it . toula smile softly . toula okay . they open they menus . ian do not have garlic . you might get lucky tonight . toula blushes and laugh . a waiter come by . waiter would you like something to drink ? toula and ian yes !! ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) Ian point to a wine on the list . 37 the waiter go . they look around . turn back , smile shyly . ian do you think Paris will go toa college out of state ? toula remember what aunt voula say . toula thea voula suggest we do not talk about Paris . how be you day ? ian um , good . what have you do ? toula worked , find out my parent be not marry . you ? ian you parent be swinger . the waiter pour they wine . they drink . smile awkwardly . ian ( cont 'd ) so wait , why can not we talk about Paris ? toula right ? I have to ! ian okay , how do we keep she from move away for college ? toula we could act like it 's okay with we . ian reverse psychology . good . how about a letter ? dear admission board : I sure hope you accept my daughter and she twelve piece drum kit . toula add in , '' do you have a Student Lounge where she can sell pot ? '' toula laugh , Ian laugh . they lock eye . ( continued ) 38 continued : ( 3 ) toula get emotional . toula ( cont 'd ) I do not know what I 'il do if she go ... Ian take she hand . ian C ’mon , hon . it 's we one night out in forever . toula fight to not cry . Ian pick up a menu . ian ( cont 'd ) it all be okay . toula sadly nod . dissolve to : i/e. miller car / portokalos STREET - later that night the radio plays . Ian drive as toula look out the window . it 's tense ; they date do not go well . Ian sigh . ian this be why aunt voula say do not talk about Paris . toula but once you be a parent , what else do you want to talk about ? ian I do not know . toula thea voula say to remember I be a girlfriend before I be a mother . Ian slowly smile a bit at that . ian yeah , you be my girlfriend . now toula slowly smile a bit . Ian turn the corner . they be on they street . Ian point to the Portokalo family home in the distance . ( continued ) 39 continued : ian ( cont 'd ) remember when we be dating , how you would not let I drop you off in front in case you parent see I ? toula no , I do not want you to see the house . ian how could I miss it ? Ian pull over and park . ian ( cont 'd ) we use to park right here . it 's dark . and quiet . Ian look out the windshield . ian ( cont 'd ) I remember that good night kiss . toula look at he . toula you do , huh ? Ian lean in . ian yes . they kiss . it 's nice . it keep go . and go . really go . the music swell . and then -- a light shine into the car . gus ( 0.c . ) what be you do ? toula and Ian cover themselves , shield they eye . Gus shine a flashlight into the car . toula nothing , nothing , we be go . ian everything 's okay . ( continued ) 40 continued : ( 2 ) Ian struggle to dress himself , Gus realize what 's happen . gus you do not have a house to do that ?! just then , Paris , aunt voula and Maria , walk the old Lab , socrate , round the corner . they see Gus . aunt voula Gus , what 's wrong ? aunt voula and Maria run up , realize it 's toula and Ian , try to push Gus 's flashlight away . aunt voula ( cont ’d ) Gus ! Paris realize it 's she parent . paris ( nuh - uh ) perfect . aunt voula Parents deserve a sex life . paris Said no one , ever . ian we be just talk . by the way Paris , we think you should go to college out of state . toula nod she head as hard as she can . maria what be that , reverse psychology ? aunt voula that never work . maria that never work . paris that never work . the nosy / cranky neighbor Mrs. White , walk she dog , see the commotion . ( continued ) 41 continued : ( 3 ) mrs . white what 's go on , I be call the cop . maria no , it 's okay , Mrs. White , everything be okay . socrate start bark at Mrs. White . mrs . white stop that , quiet ! maria he do not speak English . ( in soothing Greek to the dog , subtitle ) bite she tomorrow . the Portokalo dog immediately sit . Mrs. White suspiciously look at they all as she leave . mrs . white I have pepper spray . Gus turn back to Ian . gus Ian Miller , in the street ?! it 's not decent !! Maria turn on Gus , furious . maria what 's the problem ? at least they be marry . gus Maria .... maria do not Maria I . we be not marry . Paris 's jaw drop . maria ( cont ’d ) you want decency ? tonight , you sleep in another room . Maria take the dog toward the house . ( continued ) 42 continued : ( 4 ) gus Fine ! maria no fine ! Neighborhood light go on . Gus follow Maria in . aunt voula lead Paris to the Miller house . paris uh , can I just ask .... aunt voula yes dear , you grandparent be live in sin . you pappou will not propose - — paris I do not get why yiayia need that -- aunt voula because you be not a woman who have live with pappou for 50 year . sfx : a door slam inside the Portokalo house . Inside the car , Ian and toula look at each other . toula I have to fix this . smiling , Ian move in . ian right , right . anyway , where be we ? toula push he away , laugh . toula we can not .... they go back to make out . from the dark Miller yard , mana - yiayia run by , wear the red nightgown . dissolve to : 43 int . rehab CENTER - day Gus sulk . a physical therapist attaches weight to Gus 's ankle . physical therapist you be late today . gus ( mumble ) my wife would not drive I . physical therapist pardon ? gus nothing . physical therapist lift this , I will be back . Gus lift they to impress she . as soon as she 's out of sight , Gus and the other men stop work . a swarthy man , kaveh , 70' , sit on the table beside Gus . gus you Greek ? kaveh iranian . gus so , Persian ? kaveh nod . gus ( cont 'd ) in 334 BC , Alexander the great conquer the Persian Army and occupy the east . you be so Greek , we be probably related . insulted , kaveh puff up . kaveh we have civilization in persia 3000 year before you Greeks discover rock . Gus be stunne . ( continued ) continued : 44 gus the Greeks give the world philosophy , democracy -- kaveh in 2500 BC , we already have instrument that measure weight and money ! a chinese man , pim , 70' , chime in . pim the chinese give the world paper and tea and medicine ! another man , baird , 7u' , chime in with a Scottish accent . baird without Scotland 's Alexander Fleming , the world would not have penicillin ! gus soon I be go to have proof that I be a direct descendant of Alexander the great ! the other now laugh hard at Gus . the physical therapist come back , they lift they leg weight . Gus sulk . CUT to : int . dancing zorba 's - day from the counter , toula watch as Gus still sulk in he corner booth . uncle taki listen . Gus look gus I sleep with the dog . she will not give I my pill in the morning , she will not clean -- uncle taki anarchy . over at a table near the counter : Maria whisper with aunt voula . ( continued ) 45 continued : aunt voula why can not he just propose ?! maria because he 's stubborn ! aunt voula look back , see Gus and uncle taki look at they . aunt voula he 's look , act like you be have fun . 1 - 2 - 3 , now . Maria and aunt voula throw they head back , fake - laugh . Nick , nikki and angelo watch and shake they head . toula brighten as she see Ian come in , with Paris close behind . paris report for my garlic bread shift , woo hoo , it 's so fun , kill I . so many other thing I could be do in my senior year -- toula hand the bowl she 's be eat from to Paris , who take it , eat and trudge away . toula like think about prom .... paris ( mouth full ) Nah , I be not go to that . Paris sit near Nick and angelo , who dip they spoon into she bowl . toula hand a coffee to Ian . toula do you check the mail ? ian nothing from college yet .... toula be worried . Ian gently put a strand of hair behind toula 's ear . that make she breath catch . ian ( cont 'd ) hey , remember when you ask I on a dinner date ? ( continued ) 46 continued : ( 2 ) toula ( smile ) kinda . ian how about another date , tonight ? toula how about yeah . Ian lean in further . ian ( suggestively ) I clean the car . toula ooh ... the door open again -- it 's George , the attractive newscaster they meet at church . GEORGE hi! the family be excited to see George again . corner booth : Gus see it 's George and perk up . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) my wife and son be in the car , be this a good time for a visit ? gus yes !! George duck out . Gus clap he hand to uncle taki . gus ( cont 'd ) he have a son for Paris . do you see the hair on that Greek god ?! I be go to fix everything , Paris will stay in Chicago , and then -- ( full of himself now ) -- that woman can propose to I ! uncle taki grin as Gus start to slide out of the booth . Gus walk to the front , wave over Paris . ( continued ) 47 continued : ( 3 ) gus ( cont 'd ) Paris , wipe you face . everyone come , I have a surprise . uncle taki , Nick , nikki and angelo quickly join . suddenly , toula get it . toula oh ! no no . it 's a set-up . before Paris can protest : gus every Greek girl should have a Greek boyfriend and I find you one ! toula see Maria and voula stand and join , so she and Ian quickly head over , result in a anticipatory family group behind Paris . anna ( 0.c. ) hello ! Anna and George come in with they son Theodore . he 's seven . a pause . each family member have a different expression . Paris be delighted with how uncomfortable she family be . paris hey buddy , we be get marry ! everyone be confuse . gus you say you have a son for we granddaughter -- maria no , he do not ! you do not listen ! Anna and George understand , and laugh it off . Paris gesture to Theodore to follow she . paris C ’mon , you can help I butter garlic bread . Theodore wink at he dad ( who wink back ) and head off with Paris . ( continued ) 48 continued : ( 4 ) Paris give toula and Ian the stink - eye as she pass they , they can not win . Gus step in front of Maria , to gesture to the nearest table . gus anyway , welcome to my restaurant ! Maria look sharply to Gus as George and Anna sit . maria we restaurant ! Anna , George and customer look up . Gus tight - smile back . gus it 's in my name . which make you my employee . maria then I want back pay for 50 year of overtime . Gus and Maria glare at each other . tian lean in to toula . ian let 's go . toula what ? we can not leave now - try to distract they from the argument , aunt voula lean in to Anna and George . aunt voula all my life , I want to be a newscaster , but I have a dry mouth . when I go through puberty , my tongue swell up like a tree root . it 's still puffy , look -- anna I do not want to . aunt voula hold she mouth open . Anna and George peer in . GEORGE that 's a big tongue . toula do not see exasperate Ian leave . Gus snap he finger at Maria . ( continued ) 49 continued : ( 5 ) gus employee ! bring menus . maria get they yourself ! the other be shocked and uneasy . maria ( cont ’d ) ( sarcastic ) oh no , I be rude to the boss , I hope I do not get fire ! Maria storm off and slam the door . toula look queasy . then see Ian be go . CUT to : ext . portokalos house - that evening establish . gus ( prelap ) Maria ! where be you ? CUT to : int . portokalos laundry room - evening , continuous Gus limp in , stare at the washer . his clothes be pile high in a basket , with a note : '' you employee be on strike . '' CUT to : int . dancing zorba 's - evening the restaurant be empty . toula gather she thing , check she cell -- no message -- make a call . ian ( 0.s. ) leave a message . toula I again . um . my dad go home -- he hip , you know -- so I have to ... ah , you do not want to hear ... okay , I be on my way . ( continued ) 50 continued : toula sigh , turn off the light . CUT to : I /e. miller car - night toula drive , she 's tired , and worried about Ian . CUT to : ext . miller house - night toula walk from the car into the house . CUT to : int . miller bedroom - same night toula be relieved to find Ian sleep . as he snore , toula smile to herself , lean close to kiss he . the house phone ring . Ian open he eye , toula be way too close . he scream . she scream . they scramble for the phone . ian hello ? hi Maria . he look at toula . ian ( cont 'd ) yes . Ian hang up . ian ( cont 'd ) you dad -- toula grab she throat . ian ( cont 'd ) he 's okay . he 's stick in the bathtub . you mom can not lift he . CUT to : 51 ext . STREET - night overhead shot : toula , Ian , Nick , angelo and yianni , in various state of undress , run from separate house and up the Portokalo family driveway . CUT to : int . portokalos house staircase - night toula , Ian , Nick , angelo and yianni run up . CUT to : int . portokalos master bedroom - night toula , Ian , Nick , angelo and yianni run in : Maria point , Nick run past she and into the bathroom . nick what 's up , dad ? gus ( 0.c. ) hello nicko ! Nick immediately come out , pale . nick ma , you could not put some clothes on he ? maria if I could , I would not need you . toula what happen ? yianni do he fall ? maria no , it 's that hip . it 's lock . Gus yell from the bathroom . gus ( 0.c. ) I be fine ! Maria back . ( continued ) 52 continued : maria no fine ! do you physical therapy like the rest of we . nick how long have he be in that tub ? Maria shrug . maria a few hour . he would not let I call you . so , I let the water go cold . the sleep dog at she foot , in the armchair , mana - yiayia do embroidery and laugh at the dilemma . ian Maria , will you please drain the tub -- toula -- and put a towel over he ? Maria nod and go into the bathroom . ian ( to toula ) thank you . toula yeah , you can not unsee that . gus ( 0.c . ) what 's go on ? maria ( 0.c. ) just be quiet . as Maria argue with Gus , the man look at each other . ian do we call a ambulance ? toula and Nick shake they head at Ian . nick it will make he feel old . toula he have never forgive you . ( continued ) 53 continued : ( 2 ) ian me? nick well , you have call . and we have have to tell he you call . ian c'mon , how do we do this ? nick when I be in the kitchen , to season a roast , we have to get we hand under it and turn it over . toula realize what he be suggest and grimace . angelo sure , I flip a dead body once -- Ian open drawer , cupboard . ian surely the man have a pair of short ! Maria come out , shut the door . maria okay , I put a towel over he private area -- gus ( 0.c. ) a big one . Maria roll she eye . maria yes , yes Gus , a big one . she shake she head to everyone . Ian , Nick , angelo and yianni look at each other -- they have to do this . ian so , what 's we plan again ? nick we roll he over -- ( continued ) 54 continued : ( 3 ) angelo -- then he 's on he hand and knee and up . maria that will work . the man nod , head toward the bathroom with Ian trail . ian wait , how would that work ? Nick ignore Ian , turn back and look at the other man . nick ready ? ian / yianni / angelo nuh uh . / no. / God no . Nick open the door and they head in . CUT to : int . portokalos bathroom - continuous Gus sit in the tub . Ian , Nick , angelo and yianni run in : gus why be you eye close ? smash CUT to : ext . portokalos house - later that night red and blue light illuminate house . a ambulance and a FIRE truck be in front of the Portokalo family home . at the base of the driveway / on the sidewalk : several neighbor watch the drama . the cranky neighbor , Mrs. White , walk up , see the yellow tape . mrs . white I always know there have be a murder here . Mike pull up in he squad car , go into the house . in the driveway : ( continued ) 55 continued : Ian , Nick , angelo and yianni sit on the ambulance back fender . they shudder , huddle in blanket , all be treat for cut , bruise and sprain . aunt voula appear with a bottle of metaxa . aunt voula this will take away you pain . twice I drank it and give birth without drug . aunt voula lean in to the ambulance attendant : aunt voula ( cont ’d ) one of my ovary never put out a egg . not one . the other one would spit out two a month . I could feel it , right here . ping , ping . but the leave ovary ? nothing . it be close , like a stick zipper .... toula rub Ian 's shoulder . toula you okay ? Ian blink and open he eye . ian I still see it . they share the bottle , sip metaxa . toula do this count as a date ? Ian give she a wry smile , but shake he head , no . suddenly , toula hold she arm out to he . toula ( cont 'd ) I be sorry -- then -- maria ( 0.c. ) toula ! toula come ! toula and Ian sigh and she run toward the house . ( continued ) 56 continued : ( 2 ) as she pass , toula notice the neighbor , include marge and edie , the volunteer Committee mom , watch it all . edie here come a stretcher . mrs . white ah. I be sure the grandma finally go . marge what be she , a hundred and twenty ? mrs . white must have sleep in pickle juice . Mrs. White turn , see mana -yiayia right beside she and jump as if she 's see a ghost . mana - yiayia do not bat a eye . at the house : Gus be wheeled out to the ambulance in the driveway . gus I be fine ! Maria follow . maria no fine ! toula go to the hospital . gus you be not come ?! maria no. because guess why ? family member only . that mean child and wife . if you have one ! the neighbor murmur at this salacious morsel . marge and edie look at each other with glee . marge what ? edie giggle . the attendant push Gus 's stretcher down the driveway . Gus 's Pov : Maria get smaller and smaller . and smaller . suddenly , Gus sit up and cry out . ( continued ) 57 continued : ( 3 ) gus Maria , please , will you marry I ?! the entire family and neighborhood wait . Maria pause , then satisfied , nod once . maria yes , okay , I will marry you . toula , take I to the hospital . toula I will get my car . toula head down the driveway , and see the neighbor on the sidewalk , whisper . edie «+. such a weird family . marge odd people . toula shake she head but ignore they . toula now see : Paris be in the Miller driveway ... she hear . angry , toula turn back to the neighbor . toula what ? marge and edie look up , catch , but not chagrine . marge you mean pardon ? toula no , I mean , what . as in what be wrong with you ? you be stand on we lawn make fun of my family ? oh we be so weird , oh we smell like burnt oregano and fota cheese . I get it . but that 's my dad go into that ambulance , my dad -- toula fight back tear . Paris step forward , put she arm around she mom . paris good night everyone . the neighbor quickly disperse . ( continued ) 58 continued : ( 4 ) Paris slowly walk she mom to they driveway . paris ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l come to the hospital too . toula put a hand on she daughter . dissolve to : ext . portokalos house - next day the black cadillac back out of the Portokalo driveway , stop at the Miller home . toula and Paris hurry out . CUT to : i/e. gus' cadillac / nick 's house - day , continuous Maria be drive , tired and still mad . toula rub she eye . there 's a knock on Maria 's window : it 's marge and edie . toula look back at Paris . Maria open the window . marge good morning . edie how 's you husband ? maria he will live . so I can kill he . toula be surprised at the woman 's empathy . Maria drive . maria ( cont 'd ) what be that ? paris basically Mom tell they to suck it . toula realize she do . maria good . Paris , you come from a long line of strong woman . toula which mean , you can choose you own seven - year - old boyfriend . ( continued ) 59 continued : toula see that for the first time in a long time , Paris smile at something she say . paris so , yiayia , be you and pappou really go to get marry now ? now Maria grin . maria yes , and this time , I be do it right ! CUT to : a greek singer sing white wedding over .... a montage ! CUT to : int . kleinfeld bridal - day holding out she brochure , a chic wedding planner walk in smile . then she glare at : pull back : Maria , aunt voula and Athena go through the rack of creamy , dreamy dress . in the front window mana - yiayia pose in a wedding dress . CUT to : int . florist - early evening the wedding planner present cream and white flower . toula and nikki see Maria reach for she choice - a giant bouquet of orange bird of paradise . CUT to : int . wedding bakery - day the wedding planner show a demure cake and be shocked when Maria , Athena and nikki love a garish cake . CUT to : 60 int . wedding photographer - day Maria excitedly point to a sample of a bride and a Groom 's face float in two rose . the wedding planner face palm herself . CUT to : ext . limousine lot - day the wedding planner show a elegant black limousine . she turn to find Maria loving a giant pink limo van . Inside the car , Athena and nikki have powder sugar under they nose as they eat kourambiede . Maria hand she phone to the wedding planner . maria take a picture . aunt voula one , two , three , pull ! Maria and aunt voula pull each other 's neck skin . flash . end montage dissolve to : ext . miller house - day it 's almost spring . Ian walk from he car to the house mailbox . int . miller kitchen - day toula take a roast chicken from the oven . Ian come in -- a bit shake -- with mail from various college . ian Paris ? Paris come in , see the look on they face . paris you open they . Ian tear envelope , read the letter , look up , emotional . ( continued ) 61 continued : toula Paris she 's Paris toula ian well , it look like a choice between Northwestern ... ( pointedly ) .+. right here in Chicago . and uh , nyu in New York . and Ian grab Paris into a three - way hug . toula we be so proud of you ! ian so proud ! and , uh ... the question be , where do you want to go to college ? be proud of herself . her expression turn fearful . not ready to go away . she think , then look up . paris I will stay here in Chicago . toula ( faux casual ) okay , if that 's what you want . be relieved . they hug again . behind Paris 's head , and Ian celebrate . CUT to : int . dancing zorba 's office - day , later toula run in . toula dad , do you hear the news , Paris be stay ! gus she find a boyfriend ? toula dad -- gus very good news , toula ! toula yup ! ( continued ) continued : 62 Gus show a certified mail receipt to : find you ancestry . Gus Gus Gus Gus hip gus oh , look what I mail today . toula you complete the application ! gus by myself . it be hard to remember every name and date -- toula ( gently ) you could have call theo panos in Greece . grumble . gus so my brother can tell I what I be do be stupid . be stand without a cane . it rest on the wall . snort . toula you physical therapy be work . gus it 's not that therapy . I fix it myself . pull out a bottle of windex , lift he shirt , spray he area , stretch , grin at toula . toula you be happy the wedding be on , huh ? gus but toula , I can not afford the wedding you mother want ! that 's not news to toula , she nod . toula we could give you money . gus no ! you need it for college . ( continued ) 63 continued : ( 2 ) Gus rub he chest from the anxiety . gus ( cont 'd ) I can not sleep without you mother snore ! ( get serious ) you be marry , you know what it 's like to have that person there , right beside you . in every way . you walk through you life , see you shadow as two people . you know you can reach out in the night and that person be there . and then they be not ... because they make you stay on the couch until a Priest say it 's okay ! CUT to : int . portokalos house - night at the kitchen table , Paris and mana - yiayia dip koulouria into milk . paris mana -yiayia , I be go to stay home for college . mana - yiayia smile . they eat . paris ( cont 'd ) that 's good , right ? it 's what I want . mana - yiayia stop chew , look at Paris . mana -yiayia but be not . mana - yiayia smile gently . sfx : a front door slam . Paris and mana - yiayia look up : Maria come in , distraught . maria the wedding planner fire I ! CUT to : 64 int . miller live room - night toula pace . Ian rush in from work . ian so now they be not get marry ?! toula I have to fix this . Ian take a moment . then -- ian when do you think you can fix we ? toula look up quickly . toula what do you mean ? ian you be always run in and out of here , cooking something , volunteering somewhere . it 's like you avoid be alone with I -- toula but you just explain why I be not here . ian look , it 's my fault too ; we be busy . but toula , we have be try to have a date , just another dinner alone . and it 's impossible . you family pull at you -- toula that 's what family do -- ian no , that 's what you family do , my family do not pull I . toula well , maybe they do but you do not notice -- toula lay she head on Ian 's chest . ( continued ) 65 continued : toula ( cont 'd ) please . help I get my parent marry . they hold each other . it 's sweet . ian all right . who can we ask ? they look at each other . and grin . smash CUT to : int . miller house - later that night toula open the front door and aunt voula enter . aunt voula I be here ! toula start to shut the door , but it open . the entire family ( except Maria and Gus ) come thunder in . toula you call the family ?! aunt voula of course . Ian be surprised as rodney and harriet , 70' , arrive . aunt freida , 60 's , announce in she always - loud voice . aunt freida rodney and Harry be here ! ian hey , Mom and dad . rodney and harriet yiasas , yiasas everyone ! rodney you get any of that moussaka ? CUT to : int . live room - night , moment later the family be squash on the couch , chair , etc . ( continued ) continued : aunt voula tell you problem . toula uh , okay ... ian toula 's parent be not marry . no one blink . ian ( cont 'd ) oh , you all know ? marianthi please . aunt freida shrug . aunt freida telephone , telegram , tell - a- Greek . toula the wedding planner quit ! no one blink again . toula ( cont 'd ) you know that too ? aunt freida what be you , new ? jennie , 30' , nod . jennie of course we know . mike we know everything . rodney I tweet it . ian aunt voula we be hope you could talk to Maria ? athena convince she to just go to the church and get it do . 66 ( continued ) continued : the aunt Ian and toula look at each other . ( 2 ) toula please . and uncle look at each other . aunt freida why ? nick because my dad will lose it . aunt voula no , why convince they to just '' get it do '' ? nikki look , wedding be expensive -- nick very . nikki but what be with hire a wedding planner ? toula I do not know . marianthi yeah , we have all have wedding -- nikki except angelo -- angelo we be not talk about I ! nikki jump in . 67 aunt voula raise a eyebrow to nikki : leave it alone . nikki I be sayin 's -- you do not need a caterer . jennie we all cook . nikki some of we better than other . marianthi do not start -- ( continued ) continued : 68 ( 3 ) nikki you diple be dry , accept it . marianthi turn to she husband . marianthi Mike , can you taser she ? mike only once per relative , you know my rule . jennie we will have the reception at they house ! nikki i’1l do the hair ! aunt voula angelo can get Maria a dress ! angelo yeah ! my business partner be in a band , there be tuxedo -- paris I can do a email invitation ! nick I will design it with you ! Nick and Paris high five . toula smile at Paris . harriet rodney , do not you have a client who own flower shop ? rodney no . oh , wait , let I think ! harriet I be sure you tell I , flower ! rodney oh yes , funeral home ! aunt voula perfect ! okay , what else ? toula you all want to do this ? ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) aunt freida / uncle taki / harriet of course . / yes !/ you bet . Paris see she mom be touch . toula thank you ! maybe everyone could pick a category : food , glassware -- aunt voula interrupt . aunt voula the wedding be on ! pick a category and report to I . I be in charge ! 69 everyone immediately break into group , talk loud . toula actually thea , you be not -- aunt voula yes , it 's best -- toula I do not -- aunt voula it 's what everyone want , dear . Ian nudge toula . toula okay . ext . STREET - day CUT to : on this beautiful May day , in slo - mo , a la the right stuff , Maria and Gus be beam as they , and the family power walk . they be of course lead by aunt voula , hold she iPad high , show the walk app step - count to all behind she . toula , Ian and the family walk and animatedly plan the wedding by share list , picture of flower and cake . CUT to : 70 ext . high school quad - day Paris sit on the grass , eat lunch . she watch bennett lean against a tree . but bennett be watch cool girl , tiahn , as she unwrap a sandwich . suddenly , he walk up to she -- bennett tiahn , will you go to prom with I ? sfx : drum bang . from behind tiahn , bang a drum , clifford come from school . two friend play a recorder and ukelele . everyone on the grass watch as they get to tiahn , stop play . clifford loudly declare . clifford tiahn , will you go to prom with I ? Tommy , as usual , talk too loud . tommy oh my buddhah ! you be both ask she to prom ! clifford cock he head at Tommy , get it , look past tiahn at bennett . clifford bennett , why be you ask my girlfriend to prom ? tommy girlfriend ?! bennett 's mouth go dry . student watch . it 's clear he do not know they be dating . bennett I do not know you be -- tiahn ( kindly ) we just start dating . tommy harsh . ( loving the awkwardness ) so tiahn , who be you go to prom with ? bennett or clifford , you booooyfriend ? ( continued ) 71 continued : tiahn smile kindly to bennett , then turn to clifford . tiahn yes clifford , I will go to prom with you . everyone watch clifford and tiahn embrace . bennett do not know what to do , he foot be glue to the ground . tommy ooh bennett , walk away , dude . it 's not too late to change school . without think , in a huge burst of bravery , Paris stand and walk toward bennett . Paris tap bennett 's arm , he turn . paris will you go to prom with I ? what feel like the entire school be watch . bennett be stunne . Paris be embarrassed . then -- bennett well , yeah ! Paris be beyond relieved . the drama over , student walk away . Paris shake bennett 's hand . paris great . um , I will pick you up -- bennett no , I ‘’1l pick you up . bennett lean into Paris . bennett ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? smash CUT to : int . miller live room - later that day in that same three - way hug , toula and Ian have they arm wrap around ecstatic Paris . paris I have never do anything like that . ( continued ) continued : ian it 's brave . paris I hear I come from a long line of strong woman . toula you do . paris but prom be on the 20th . toula you be go to miss you grandparent 's wedding . paris that sentence do not make sense . ian it 's okay sweetie , prom be important . toula and Ian keep hugging she . Paris steel paris guy ? toula / ian yes ?/ uh huh ? paris I want to go to New York University . 72 herself . toula and Ian look at each other , what do we do now ? int . miller bedroom - night CUT to : in the dark and quiet room , toula sit in the armchair , upset about Paris 's decision . it 's not okay . ext . portokalos house - day it 's a beautiful June day . dissolve to : ( continued ) 73 continued : aunt voula order everyone around . loud voice yell in Greek as a tent go up lopsided behind the Portokalo home . angelo and he business partner patrick , 30' , help with the tent . aunt voula Higher . use you man-mcles . Nick and grandchildren paint the fence blue and white stripe . angelo wheel by with a giant homemade wedding cake . aunt voula stick she finger in the cake . CUT to : int . dancing horban kitchen —- same day toula , melancholy , sift powder sugar onto kourambiede . she know she can not tell the family Paris 's news . toula glance at ilaria , hold she baby . around she , the kitchen be alive with preparation . pot of meat stew simmer , fat noodle be cook , bechamel sauce be stir . Athena layer filo dough , brushes it with butter . aunt freida mix a large vat of spinach and fota cheese . marianthi run by with a pot of honey and orange rind . jennie run the other way with a mixing bowl of yeasty dough . mana -yiayia sit in the corner online gambling on a iPad . Nick turn to see angelo come in , explain the kitchen to he partner Patrick . angelo after the wedding , you pack everything , bring it back . the pan go here ... Patrick nod , take a inventory of pan . now Nick overhear : marianthi what 's wrong , toula ? ( continued ) 74 continued : marianthi be too close . toula quickly cover . toula nothing ! it 's okay . it 's a big day . Nick put pan of moussaka by the door . angelo poke Nick . angelo ( whisper ) what 's up with toula ? nick I dunno . but she 'il tell I eventually . angelo put foil cover on pan . nick ( cont 'd ) because why keep a secret from you own family ? that land . angelo slowly turn around , look at Nick . Nick 's eye be kind . angelo realize Nick know . angelo feel aunt voula beside he and turn to she . aunt voula point to Patrick as he walk out of the kitchen . aunt voula he 's you partner . or you partner ? angelo take a moment , then without shame : angelo he 's both . aunt voula 's eye be warm , she nod . aunt voula I know . suddenly , the iPad ring , mana - yiayia hold it up . aunt freida it 's Maria on the facetime . toula run over . toula what do you need ? Maria appear -- at nikki 's salon -- on the iPad . ( continued ) 75 continued : ( 2 ) maria where be you ? who be go to curla all you hair ? nikki lean in from behind Maria . nikki everyone get over here ! CUT to : int . hairdresser 's salon - same day the woman eat and laugh . marianthi wash jennie 's hair , they laugh and comment on everything . with a pen , mana - yiayia fill out the cosmopolitan sex quiz . toula ( curler in she hair ) roll curler into Paris 's hair , as Paris hand gift to Maria . nikki do Maria 's hair while Maria open gift , read card . maria '' with love from Peter . '' Maria take another card . close - up : write on large card : with love from Dominique xoxo maria ( cont ’d ) '' with love from Dominique , xoxo . '' who 's xoxo ? she show the '' xoxo '' on the card . nikki spray olde timey hair spray onto Maria 's hair . nikki one more layer and you hair will not move until you next wedding . nikki laugh at she own joke . toula duck as nikki lacquer Paris 's hair . nikki ( cont 'd ) and this will last ' till you graduate college . ( continued ) continued : aunt freida Paris , I hear for college you be stay in Chicago -- that 's good . 76 toula and Paris lock eye , toula shake she head - not today . paris you look pretty for you big day , yiayia ! Paris hug Maria . aunt freida on my wedding day , I be too excited to eat and I faint . aunt voula that be we mother 's advice to we for we wedding night . maria yes ! she say , if you be nervous about you duty , just pretend to faint . you husband will take it from there . aunt voula I do it . everyone laugh . aunt voula ( cont ’d ) I wait for taki to scoop I up . but he just put a blanket on I , I sleep on the cold floor by myself ! maria remember Paris , not until you wedding night . tonight , you protect the poulaki . toula shake she head . toula okay Mom , you say it , now let 's move on . maria there 's more . toula of course . ( continued ) 77 continued : ( 2 ) toula nudge Paris . toula ( cont 'd ) do you leave the car run ? paris uh huh . Paris walk out , Maria call after she . maria Paris , you eye open , you knee shut . aunt voula and you , if you knee be open , shut you eye . aunt voula and Maria cackle . aunt freida I always have my eye shut tight . aunt voula not I ! I pretend taki be a vampire from that movie . sometimes he like I to dress up like a wizard . he have a magic wand toula oh good , the sex storey be start , let I get a better seat . toula run out . nikki look at the time , shoos out the cousin . nikki everyone go get dress ! everyone scramble to run out . aunt voula follow . aunt voula pluck you eyebrow ! mana - yiayia toss she magazine , start to head out . nikki mana -yiayia , have a seat . ( continued ) 78 continued : ( 3 ) mana -yiayia grin . CUT to : ext . portokalos house - same day Patrick drive up in a truck mark pet -cetera . angelo back out a rack of poofy wedding dress , wheel it up the Portokalo driveway . toula ( hair in curler ) park in she driveway , Paris ( hair in curler ) jump out and run into the house . toula see the mail carrier leave the Portokalo mailbox , and on a hunch , run over to grab the mail . toula see : the letter from find you ancestry . oh no , not today .... she tuck it into she jacket . CUT to : int . nick's house - same day it 's quiet . angelo go through a rack , hand a tux to Ian . angelo this should fit . Ian hold it up to himself -- it 's short . and there 's glitter on the lapel . angelo ( cont 'd ) funk band . ian of course . angelo the funkateer . ian be that even a word ? Gus and uncle taki eat , play with Alexander the great card . gus look , Alexander the great conquer mesopotamia . ( continued ) 79 continued : uncle taki speak of , be gentle with you bride tonight . uncle taki and Gus laugh they head off . then -- through the side window , Gus see Nick pull up . and he brother panos , 70' , get out of the car . shock , Gus look at uncle taki and Ian . gus that 's my brother , panos ! ( scowl ) I do not like surprise . uncle taki Gus , the kid , they do it for you . uncle taki take a bottle of ouzo and shot glass , go out to meet panos . Gus be upset . ian Gus , the family pool they airline point . gus Ian , you do not know this , you be not successful like I . when you do well , you become a sign of hope for the optimist . but to the pessimist , you represent the stench of they own failure . that people hate you for they life choice . ian it be a long time ago . gus I send he money , he send it back . Ian gesture for Gus to come with he outside . CUT to : ext . nick 's house - same day Ian follow as Gus come out to greet he brother panos . ( continued ) 80 continued : gus ( cordial , stiff ) welcome . panos congratulation on you wedding today . gus thank you . a moment go by . it 's nice . taki hand the ouzo and glass to Nick , leave with the suitcase . taki panos , I 'il put you suitcase in the guest room . panos Nick , you have a big house . suddenly Gus bellow . gus what do you mean by that ?! Ian do a double - take . panos quickly turn back . panos you know what I mean ! Ian get out of the way . gus my son work hard , he deserve a house ! panos and I do not ?! gus you could have have this -- panos I choose to stay and work in we country ! I do not abandon she then and I will not now ! I be a real Greek ! gus I be a real Greek too ! ( continued ) 81 continued : ( 2 ) try to change the subject , Nick hold up the tray of ouzo . nick let 's drink ! Nick pour ouzo . panos take a glass . Nick urge Gus to take one too . he do . panos raise he glass . panos to the homeland . gus to the patritha . and the drachma . they drink . suddenly panos and Gus hug . Nick pour another . then -- gus ( cont 'd ) to you , panos , my brother . that go a long way . panos to you , costa , my brother ! Ian raise he glass . ian to you , Nick , my brother . Nick touch , hug Ian . nick to you , Ian , my brother . they all drink . Gus nudge panos about ian. gus ( in Greek , subtitle ) he 's okay for a xeno . Ian nudge gus. ian ( in perfect Greek , subtitle ) you be okay for a grouchy old man . CUT to : 82 int . miller live room - day holding a bowl , toula run from the kitchen to the hall . toula Paris , you want keftethes ? toula put the bowl on the hall table . she open she purse to transfer lipstick and she phone to a cocktail purse , look at the find you ancestry letter . thinks . paris ( 0.c. ) Mom ? toula turn . Paris be at the top of the stair . she be dress , she hair and makeup be subtle and fresh ... she be ready for prom . Paris come down the stair . and , at the base of the stair : paris ( cont 'd ) ( wryly ) you be not on the prom chaperone committee ? toula oh , they ask but I say no . ( pause ) why , do you need I to be ?! paris God , no ! toula okay then . ( pause ) be I always so close , you see you shadow as two people ? paris ( gently ) yeah . toula finally get it . she nod . toula I be step back now . go and have a great time . tonight ... and to college in New York . and even though I have take a step back , I 'il always be right here . ( continued ) 83 continued : Paris can not believe what she 's hearing . paris thank you . Paris and toula nod in quiet understanding . the doorbell ring . paris ( cont 'd ) that 's bennett ! toula and Paris run around panic . toula open the door : bennett be there , crowded by Nick , angelo , male grandchild . and Maria in she wedding dress . CUT to : i/e . bennett' limo / STREET - day bennett and Paris get drive to prom . bennett rub he neck . bennett you uncle hug hard . paris yeah . Paris play with she wrist corsage , try to be cool . bennett be nervous too . bennett be you grandma in a wedding dress ? paris yep . a long pause Paris refuse to fill . bennett where 's the rest of you family ? paris uh , who ? bennett I see a bigger group at the College Fair . Paris remember , cringe . ( continued ) 84 continued : paris oh yeah . bennett yeah , they be like my family . paris except mine be bigger , louder , more oily and in you face than anyone 's . bennett no way , no Greek family be bigger , louder , more oily and in you face than my Greek family . a beat . a long one . paris you be Greek ? bennett yeah ! unsure how she feel , Paris look out the window . then grin . CUT to : ext . miller house - day holding he tux , Ian see rodney pull up in he car , go to he . rodney open he trunk , pull out a funeral wreath . rodney I will have to return this . rodney attaches a hand - write ribbon : happy wedding Day ! Ian look at he dad , healthy , content . ian hey , dad ... do you ever need anything ? rodney such as ? ( continued ) 85 continued : ian I mean , from I ? do you ever need I to do anything , or want to talk about -- rodney be someone ill ? Ian shake he head ruefully . ian no dad . it 's just ... if you ever need anything , call . a long moment . it 's the deep they have ever go . rodney take it in . nod , touch . rodney you get it . rodney get back in he car . toula run from the house . ian I have to head to prom for a minute to make sure the chaperone be not drink . toula oh no . do not spy on Paris . ian she tell you I ....? okay . Ian start to pull out . Maria lean out she window : maria toula , what time be it ?! why be not the limousine here ? toula look at angelo . toula do we book limousine ? angelo panic and run to fix it . toula ( cont 'd ) call Mike !!! CUT to : 86 ext . chicago street - day a policeman whistle , stop traffic : three police car with siren drive through . CUT to : i/e. police car # 1 - day Mike be at the wheel . Maria and aunt voula be in the back . mike I get this ! CUT to : i/e. police car # 2 - day in the back of the other car : dress up toula , Athena and Nick , look queasy at the ride . CUT to : i/e. police car # 1 - day Mike drive like a maniac , in the back aunt voula calm Maria . maria I will bet Gus be nervous . CUT to : i/e. police car # 3 - day in the back of the third car : Gus , uncle taki and uncle panos drink . CUT to : ext . church - late afternoon three squad car be park outside . CUT to : 87 int . church - early evening the congregation be seat . rocking a new hairstyle , mana -yiayia come in with nikki . everyone murmur they approval of mana -yiayia 's hair . nikki preens . at the back , toula be call Ian , get voice mail . she see Nick look at a pew , worried : Gus , uncle taki and panos , in they ill-fitting glitter - tuxedo , be drunk . the congregation be horrify , some struggle to not laugh . CUT to : int . prom banquet hall - early evening music . bennett and Paris drink soda , laugh they head off . bennett no , wait , wait , be the lump still on the back of you thea 's neck ?! paris she have it remove , but she say she miss she twin . she go - Paris rub the back of she neck and frown wistfully . paris ( cont 'd ) '' I should never have have that beebopsy . '' Paris and bennett laugh . bennett I have a aunt who talk like she always have a piece of lamb stick in she throat . ( imitate hoarsely , with Greek accent ) '' bennett , bennett , say hhhhello to you parent , if you see my daughter , tell she I be hhhhup - stair . '' they laugh . ( continued ) 88 continued : bennett ( cont 'd ) so , why be not you in Greek Club ? paris every day of my life be Greek Club . why , what do you do there ? bennett shrug , point to many of different ethnicities . bennett same as they do in the lebanese Club , italian Club , chinese Club . we eat and make fun of we parent . clifford run over , look a bit drunk . tiahn be annoyed . clifford where 's the bathroom ? paris hhhup-stair . bennett crack up , look at she fondly . bennett you look nice . Paris smile . paris thank you . you do too . bennett grin , lean in to she . bennett hey , thanks for ask I to prom . Paris smile . bennett ( cont 'd ) want to dance ? paris yeah ! they run toward the dance floor . pull back : Ian be watch . he take a moment . then he take a step back . CUT to : 89 int . church - early evening toula run to she seat . the organ music start , everyone stand . Nick walk Maria walk down the aisle . Maria be ecstatic , finally have a wedding . as Nick and Maria pass rodney and harriet , they spit on Maria . harriet giggle to rodney . harriet I have be wait a long time to do that ! in the front pew , toula smile wide , try to keep she mom from notice Gus have be drink . then , Maria see Gus giggle and she face drop . Maria abruptly turn , run into a open room on the side . everyone gasp . athena toula , do something ! toula run after she mom , with Athena follow . CUT to : int . church side room - early evening toula and Athena push open the velvet curtain and enter to find Maria sit in a chair . toula be you okay ? maria he 's not take this seriously . toula pull the curtain , look out : mana - yiayia cuff Gus and panos and they stop giggle . toula he be now . ( continued ) 90 continued : maria what be I get marry for ? CUT to : int . church - early evening the congregation get antsy . where 's Maria ? CUT to : int . church side room - early evening nikki poke she head in . nikki what 's happen ? Maria be pace . maria who say a woman have to be marry ? toula um , you . all we life . maria because in my day , woman be raise to be marry ! but be that it ? I have be single this last month , and I have be think , maybe I could have travel and cure disease and write poetry and have adventure in my life ! instead of be saddle with a grouchy old man yell every morning for he mineral oil so he bowel will not get back up !! nikki blanch . nikki you need my mar . CUT to : int . church - early evening nikki run toward aunt voula as the congregation hear : ( continued ) 91 continued : maria ( 0.c . ) what do man want ? a companion or a nurse ?! worried , Gus look at panos beside he . CUT to : int . church side room - early evening follow by nikki , aunt voula come in . aunt voula Gus be a good man . maria he 's a crazy man . aunt voula true . CUT to : int . church side room - early evening Maria try to take off she veil . athena toula , do something ! toula I be try to not fix everything ! nikki that 's not work . aunt voula that 's not work . maria that 's not work . panos poke he head in . panos Maria , I remember , fifty year ago , Gus be so happy because he have find someone who be brave like he , to come to America and live a adventure . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : panos ( cont 'd ) I remember he hopeful expression ... and he have the same look on he face today . that actually affect Maria . she remember . maria I be brave .... Maria mull it all over . maria ( cont ’d ) maybe my adventure be to make a family . be marry be not for everyone , but ... I guess it work out okay for I ... ( ponder ) I think it 's be a good life . as Maria think , panos look at aunt voula . panos you be still hot . aunt voula I know . get out . panos duck out . Maria start to get up . Athena toula . Maria look out at Gus . he look so cute . toula dad say he can not sleep without you snore .... Maria sharply look back . maria I do not snore . he snore . toula okay . then , Maria look serious . maria he can not sleep ? 92 look at toula nod . Maria look back at Gus again , and finally ... exhales . ( continued ) 93 continued : ( 2 ) maria ( cont ’d ) ah , you know what ? I love he . you father may be crazy but at least I be not a blood relative of he . ( realize ) you be . sorry ! toula 's face drop . Maria crack herself up , take she bouquet from the table . maria ( cont ’d ) okay , let 's do this thing . they all turn to the back door . CUT to : ext . back alley behind church - early evening toula , Maria , Athena , aunt voula and nikki scurry through the alley . CUT to : int . church - early evening toula , Maria , Athena , aunt voula and nikki run in the back . Nick run to join they . Athena , nikki and aunt voula go to they seat , aunt voula give Gus the thumb up . Gus give a grateful look to panos . gus thank you . panos beam back . everyone stand again . Nick walk Maria down the aisle . Maria get to Gus . maria say something nice . gus I miss you . ( continued ) 94 continued : maria good enough . ( then ) I miss you too . and , you snore , not I . Gus laugh , take she hand , kiss they . they smile at each other like teenager . the Priest begin . toula stay at the back , dial Ian . CUT to : int . church - early evening at the back of the church , toula listen to Ian 's cell ring . ian ( 0.c. ) hello ? toula turn , Ian be smile in he tuxedo . toula hug he . ian ( cont 'd ) everything go smoothly ? toula nope . Ian laugh . toula ( cont 'd ) do you see Paris ? Ian nod . toula understand . they both sigh . Ian look past toula at she parent 's wedding . ian so they be do it huh ? there Pov : the Priest be do the ceremony . it 's beautiful . toula relax . she turn and look at Ian . and finally see he . ian ( cont 'd ) hi. ( continued ) 95 continued : toula hi. they both smile . it 's be a long time since they have really look at each other . then , toula whisper .... toula ( cont 'd ) will you marry I ? Ian be surprised . he think she 's kid . ian yes . but toula be serious . toula now ? ian now ? toula yes . Ian soften . ian yes . toula reach into the centerpiece , pull out daisy into makeshift head wreath , similar to the one Gus and Maria be wear . toula pull off a ribbon , they join it to the wreath on they head , hold it in place , mirrore the ceremony at the altar . dissolve to : int . prom banquet hall - early evening Paris and bennett be dance to a fast song . it 's fun . the song change to a slow one . bennett hold he hand out to Paris . she tentatively enter he embrace . dissolve to : 96 int . church - early evening at the church altar : Gus and Maria walk around the altar three time . at the back of the church : toula and Ian walk around the table three time . dissolve to : int . prom banquet hall - early evening bennett sweetly kiss Paris . dissolve to : int . church altar - early evening the ceremony end . Gus sweetly kiss Maria . dissolve to : int . back of church - early evening Ian sweetly kiss toula . end montage . dissolve to : ext . portokalos house - night greek music emanate from the back yard and fill the street . the three squad car block the driveway . CUT to : ext . portokalos back yard - night the band plays greek music . the family celebrate and dance . Athena 's son be the waiter and bring out delicious moussaka , pastichio and lamb chop . the food bubbles and glisten in the moonlight . ( continued ) continued : people eat with gusto . Ian bring toula a glass of wine , they hold each ian look what you do ! toula lean into he . toula we do . they smile . toula ( cont 'd ) hey . I be not avoid you . honestly . it 's just , I have be a mom for so long , I do not remember how to be we . Ian nod , he understand , and pull she tight . ian it 's go to be okay . we will be together , we could take a vacation .... toula we could adopt a baby ... Ian surprised , look at toula , then laugh . ian we will talk about it . toula ( teasing ) think it over . ( tiny pause ) do you think it over ? they laugh . toula ( cont 'd ) C ’mon , we can do anything , we be newlywed ... ian yeah , we be ! they kiss . 97 other . ( continued ) 98 continued : ( 2 ) rodney and harriet lead the Greek dance line . Athena , yianni , Nick , ilaria , many follow . Maria walk around greeting and thanking everyone , make sure they be eat and enjoy themselves . men do ouzo shot . costa and aristotle do gatorade shot . angelo see aunt voula , nikki and uncle taki head toward Patrick and he . he stop they . angelo come on , ma , let 's go dance . but nikki wave over Patrick , who come to they , put out he hand . patrick I be Patrick . Nice to finally meet you . aunt voula smile wide , pat he cheek . aunt voula you look Greek . uncle taki be you ? patrick no , sir . aunt voula that 's ok , do not apologize . nikki loop she arm through angelo 's . nikki come on , let 's dance . aunt voula walk with Patrick to the dance area . aunt voula okay , all my life , I have a mole on my tummy , it be shape like mykonos , oh , I have so much to tell you -- uncle taki put he arm around angelo . across the dance floor , toula and Ian be thrilled to see Paris and bennett come into the party . ( continued ) 99 continued : ( 3 ) toula see Paris hold bennett 's hand . Paris look over at she parent , and wave . toula and Ian wave back . then take each other 's hand . costa , aristotle , the male cousin descend on bennett and take he to the ground . Nick step in and push they all back so Paris can pass . Theodore wink at Paris as she and bennett go to sit with mana -yiayia , who keep a eye on three little kide sleep on chair put together around the table . toula see Gus be with Maria at they table , the timing be right . she turn to Ian . toula I have to do something . toula reach into she purse , take out the letter from find you ancestry . concerned , Ian follow . toula ( cont 'd ) dad , here , the letter come . toula hand Gus the letter . he look at she , then open it . and read . gus ah- ha , I know it ! Gus signal for the band to stop play . everyone look : gus ( cont 'd ) everyone ! this document here , be official ! I be related to Alexander the great ! maria of course ! everyone be impressed , and clap . Nick stand up . nick hey , that mean we all be !! now everyone go nut celebrate . Ian turn to toula , smile and lean in , whisper . ( continued ) 100 continued : ( 4 ) ian do you write that letter ? toula yup . toula see Gus celebrate with panos , plus he croney from the rehab Center : kaveh , pim and baird . the Band play again , toula and Ian join the line and dance in a circle . the family follow , pass Athena , nikki , ilaria , marianthi and jennie as they pose for a picture , pull each other 's neck back . marianthi pull . flash . CUT to : ext . portokalos house - night , later the greek music be loud . Mrs. White , marge and edie , stand in front of the Portokalo home . they body stance be a tad wistful . the door open , toula let out the dog , see the woman ... mrs . white it 's loud . toula take a moment to think . then -- toula do you want to join we ? Mrs. White , marge and edie look at each other . edie well , I could eat a little something . marge I be thirsty . the woman walk toward toula . toula wave they in . dissolve to : 101 ext . campus build - fall establish . CUT to : int . n.y.u. dorm - day Paris sit on she bed , happily look around she sparse room . just a New York University poster be on the wall . her roommate , elizabeth , 18 , look up . elizabeth I be Elizabeth . paris Paris . a moment go by . then .... elizabeth um , be they stay ? widen to reveal : toula , Ian , Maria , Gus , aunt voula , uncle taki , Nick , ilaria , Athena , yianni , angelo and nikki be there . toula realize they be stare . toula okay ! ian we be go . the family quickly leave gift , ( Gus 's be windex ) , kiss Paris , and they go . Ian pull toula toward the door . toula look back once at Paris . and smile . toula bye . toula close the door . fade out .