yy my best friend birthday . written by Craig hamann & quentin tarantino special note : the follow story take place in torrance , California . almost nothing ever happen in torrance , but sometimes a person have a bad night there . ic ext . CITY str ~~ day a Ford mustang drive down the street . int . mickey' mustang -- moving -- day mickey burnett drive , listehing to the radio , which be dial to kbli . clarence Pool , the d.j. and mickey 's best friend , be talk . ; clarence ( v.0 . ) hey you cool cat out there , my best friend mickey burnett 's up after I , and you know what ? it 's mickey 's birthday ! mickey shake he head and smile . mickey tomorrow , clarence . clarence ( v.0 . ) so , here 's a little rockabilly medley for my pal on he 30th birthday . yep , that 's right . the big three . .. oh ! music start play . mickey do not tell they how old I be . clarence talk over the music . . clarence ( v.0 . ) so , if you be listenin’ , Mick , here 's 30 minute nonstop rockabilly rock dedicated to you , buddy . one minute for each year ! mickey clarence ... clarence ( v.0 . ) and if you listener want , why do not you call mickey on he show later and that of you old enough , tell he what you do on you 30th birthday . cont . ~ N 2 . mickey right , that 's it . tell the whole world . mickey turn the radio off . mickey great , clarence . int . kbli radio station -- day two young man be sit in the recording booth of the small radio station kbli ( pronounce k - billy ) . clarence pool , a rockabiily . boy complete with a pompadour haircut , be the disk - jockey . lenny otis , the on-the-air guest , sit next to he . the phene light up . clarence answer it . clarence the clarence Pool .show. ( pause ) sorry , we do not take request . ( pause ) ' Cause when I be jock , I play what I wanna play , when I wanna play it . someday , maybe , you can be a jock and , if you taste be as respected as mine , you can play what you wanna play . ( pause ) I de not care what unruly Julie do on she show . I do not do it on mine . ( pause ) well , then listen to unruly Julie , dickbait ! clarence hang up . clarence ( under he breath ) unruly Julie ... ( to lenny ) Music 's almost do , so we be gonna be goin 's on in a coupla second . you be not nervous , be ya ? cont . + cont . int . lenny , not at all . I think I might be , but I do not feel a thing . - clarence good . you will be fine . just do not think about make a fool outta yourself in all that million of people 's home . ( on- the-air -- talk in microphone ) you be listen to k- billy , and this be the original hillbilly cat clarence pool.talkin ' to you . and we get a special guest in the booth today . . . and he name be --- what 's you name , son ? . lenny , lenny otis . clarence otis ? you mean like the drunk on the Andy griffith show ? lenny what ? clarence it do not matter . so , lenny , you be the leader of the Eddie cochran fan Club ? lenny I be not the leader , I be the head of the California chapter . kbli front office -- day meg , the kbli secretary , sit at a desk . mickey walk in . meg oh , hi , mickey . happy birthday . mickey thanks . actually , it 's tomor --- cont . - meg leave . mr . meg ° Boy , 30 year old . I will bet you feel terrible about that . + mickey look , meg , I be kindda sensitive about the turn 30 stuff , okay ? meg I can understand . I know this guy who life two apartment down from I . he turn 30 two week ago . he have not be out of he apartment since . : mickey that 's , uh , nice to know , meg . meg mickey , would you cover for I ? drooley 's pizza 's sell a medium pizza for the price of a small to - night only , and I be really hungry . mickey sure , meg. mickey sit down behind she desk . the station owner walk in . he 's all business . mickey hi , Mr. trumper . trumper hi , mickey . look , grandma mohmmi will be call tonight . be nice to she . and tell clarence to start play more of elvis 's live Vegas stuff . grandma mohmmi like that . mickey well , ' I think what clarence be try - ing to do be get the audience to remember elvis back in he rockabilly day when he be crass and cool and --- cont . cont . . trumper grandma mohmmi be this station 's biggest contributor . money talk , bulishit walk . I wanna hear elvis 's Vegas act from now on ! trumper 's about to walk out , but pause . trumper by the way , happy birthday . mickey thanks . : trumper look mickey over . trumper 30 year old already . shit , how time fly . trumper leave . clancy , ancther d.j. , bop into the reception area , and sit down on the ¢cesk . clancy hey , happy three - oh , dude . you be gettin’ up there . mickey thanks for remind I , clancy . what be you doin ' here ? clancy I vas down this way , so I think I would come on in . wish you a happy birthday , then maybe zonk out in the lounge ' till after you show . I be subbin ' for Rhonda tonight . mickey you look like shit , man . clancy funny , I feel like diarrhea . oh , hey , I be sorry to hear sbout pandora givin ' you you walkin ' papers . cont . '' y > mickey I co not want to talk about pandora + + . or my birthday . - '' clancy man , I feel like a bunch of little guy with pointy stick ere in ny stomach goin ' .. ( make a point gesture and groan ) mickey what would you do last night ? '' clancy I be out with Jerry . you know Jerry ? mickey Harry 's brother Jerry ? clancy the same . we be experiment with some shit . . . so strong I think a indian tribe in Brazil have form a religion around it . ( whip out pack of gum ) want some gum ? clancy give mickey a stick of gun . the phone ring . mickey pop the gum in he mouth and answer the phone . mickey k- billy . ( pause ) oh , hi , grandma mohmnai . ( pause ) oh , yes , we be go to play elvis at Vegas , and I just want you to know that we all at k - billy think you be --- ( a look of horrible revulsion come across he face ) shit ! ( he spit out gum ) clancy ( laugh ) whatsamatter ? do not like garlic gum ? cont . ~ cont . , mickey asshole ! you stupid moronic ass - hole ! lancy last night . mejand Jerry go into this novelty shop stone , have * you ever wentlinto a novelty store fuck - up ? it 's a experience . we buy '' hundred and fifty dollar worth of shat . clancy hold up a plastic zip lock baggie full of white powder . meanvhile , mickey 's digging through meg 's desk for anything that will give he relief clancy I pick up this itchin ' powder for clarence . I think he would be a guy who could really appreciate it . this stuff be a killer . one little dab on the back of you hand will drive you crazy . ya gotta wash it off . mickey Zind a pack of lifesaver . he pop five in he mouth . . mickey you shit -eatin ' dickweed ! you pile of shit ! clancy hey , Mick . . . grandma mohmai . m:ckey look at the phone , horrify . mickey grandma mohmmi ? hello ?- hello ? mickey hang up . he glare at clancy . clancy gee . . . you think she hear you ? int . kbli radio station -- day clarence be interview lenny otis . cont . ic ( ~~ ccon ?. clarence do you remember when he die ? . lenny do I remember the date , or actually when it happen ? clarence the actual day . lenny I be not bear yet . clarence neither be I . but I remember . I remember when I be three year old . there be this one particular day . I feel really depressed . for no reason what - so-ever . - I have no idea why , but I be feelin ' low . I even think of suicide . I be gonna get in the bathtub and slit my wrist with a razor blade . I be actually gonna do it . now for a three year old to be thinkin ' like this , you gotta be feelin ' pretty bad . the only reason I do not do it be '' the partridge family " be about ready to come on , and I want to see it . so , I think I would watch that , and do it after the show be over . but '' the partridge family " be really funny that night and after the show I be feelin ' better . so , I do not do it . what be we talkin ' about ? lenny Eddie cochran . clarence oh , yeah . so anyway , I find out twenty year later that the very day I feel so depressed for no reason , low and behold , just so happen to be the day that one of the great rock and roller of all time busy the farm . the very same date . I be tellin ' ya , I feel like someone spit in my sock . ( more ) cont . ow ~ cont . oo clarence but in a way there 's a certain symmetry to that , I guess . how many -- what 's the word I be lookin ' for ? it mean other people who would be disciple in what you be doin’ . you know what I mean ? lenny member ? clarence yeah , that 's it . member . how many member do you have ? lenny . six hundred in the California area . clarence whoa ! that 's a lot . do you have a@ get together every year at the ramada Inn or somethin' ? lenny | every once in a while we work some - thing out . clarence we will be right back talk with lenny otis -- you be not related to johnny otis , be you ? clarence put on some music . p int . lenny no. 7 clarence the leader of the Eddie cochran fan Club ... ina sec . clarence well , so far , so good . kbli front office -- day mickey drink water . clancy get up , hold the baggie of itching powder . : cont . of rise cond 's clancy too bad about grandma mohmmi . well , I be gonna give clarence this itchin ' powder . ckey stand . mickey no , you be not . you stay here and watch the phone . mickey swipe the baggie from clancy . 's mickey I do not trust you , and I do not want you messin ' with clarence while he 's do he show . clancy s'cuse I , pal . it 's a free world , and I can do what I wanna do . mickey press close to clancy . mickey - not if you be dead , you can nor . clancy ( get the point ) I will , uh , watch the phone . int . eadio station -- day clarence and lenny . music be still play . clarence y'know , this have really be a good interview . lenny it have ? clarence absolutely . I sound great . mickey stick he head in the booth and sing the first part of the theme song to the '' patty duke show . " clarence sing the other part and they join in on the chorus . cont . 's om cont . clarence mickey , this be the leader ‘of the Eddie cochran fan Club . lenny head of the California chapter . lenny oris . mickey and lenny shake hand . mickey you mean like otis the drunk on the Andy griffith show ? lenny do not have a ansver . mickey clarence , I have something for you , mickey hand clarence the baggie of itching powder , which clarence immediately assume be a bag of cocaine . clarence can not believe mickey 's flash it around in front of a stranger . clarence mickey ! mickey clancy get it for you . look , I gotta go back to the front office before clancy ' do something stupid . ( point at baggie ) we will have fun with that later , okay ? clarence gesture '' a- okay " to mickey . mickey leave . clarence look at lenny , who also assume the bag 's full of cocaine . clarence so , lenny , you be cool , right ? lenny - yeah , I be cool . . clarence good . clarence pour out the bag on the counter , take a razor blade from he drawer , and start cut line . cont . ~ cont . : clarence want some toot-uncommon ? _ . lenny I will pass . clarence aaah , too cool , huh ? clarence make two big line and snort they in both nostril just as the song end . clarence we be back with the leader of the Eddie cochran fan Club , lenny otis . tell I , lenny , what first get ya into Eddie ? lenny 's kind of stunne . after all , this be the first time clarence have really let he talk . he start tell a story about how he first hear Eddie sing '' pink legged slack . '' , as lenny 's talk , a weird look cross clarence 's face . he jerk he head back . first , it 's a irritation , then it grow to out anc out pain . : clarence a rleenix . give I a kleenix . lenny stop talk and give clarence a box of tissue . clarence be blow he nose as lenny continue talk . clarence start rub he nose , then pick he nose . it get worse . he start banging the counter with he fist . clarence I am in hell ! clarence start flailing around in the booth . he point to the phone . clarence ( to lenny ) 911 ...911 .. meg happen to be walk by the booth , hold a pizza box . she see what 's happen to clarence . 13 int . kbli front office -- day mickey 's sit behind the desk . clancy 's on the phone with some girl . . * clancy c'mon , ger dine , you know that you be the snly one I love . let I come over tonight . I mean it , I really az in love with you ... by the way , i : you roommate still outta town ? good . anyway , I really love you ... mickey quietly take a stick of garlic gum out of the pack and give it to clancy . clancy ( to mickey ) thanks . : ( pop gum into he mouth ) okay , okay , so I have a little fling with dori .. . yeah , and Paula , too . but they do not mean anything . you be my one true --- ( the garlic gum . get to he ) fuck ! ( he spit out the gum ) mickey laugh . meg run in . meg mickey , there 's something wrong with clarence ! '' int . radio station hallway -- day mickey and meg run down the hallway . Mr. trumper step out of a room . : trumper mickey , come back here ! grandma mohmmi just call I ! he run after mickey and meg. int . radio station -- day clarence be on the floor -- kick and scream . clarence '' I will never do it again ! just make it stop ! lenny 's speak into the microphone . lenny ' ahh , somebody , I think we need some help here . mickey and meg rush in , follow by Mr. trumper . mickey what happen ? lenny ( right by microphone ) well , he snort that cocaine you give hin . mickey quickly cover the microphone with he hand . clarence crawl over to the water cooler and try to pour water into he nostril . mickey look down at clarence , then up at Mr. trumper . Mr. trumper glare at mickey . ext . darwin apartment -- evening mickey park he mustang , and trudge to he apartment . int . mickey' apariment -- evening mickey come in and be stop short by a well - endow woman , pandora , stand in the middle of the room and hold a record album . he can not believe it . - mickey pandora ? pandora hi , mickey . cont cont . ee walk over 15 mickey : what the hell be you -~ baby , I be sure glad to see you . to she and give she a big kiss . she 's take by surprise , but. go along with it . as he talk , mickey kiss she lip , she hand , she finger , etc . he kiss she . mickey how long have it be ? pandora since what ? mickey since the last time we have see each other . pandora ( count she finger ) let 's see , January , February . . ( hold up two finger ) two monthe . mickey ( kiss both finger ) it seem one helluva lot longer than that . oh , by the way , that phone call you be get last month . . . they would ring , you would answer , then they would hang up . . . pandora uh-huh . mickey that be I . I just have to hear the sound of you voice . what 's it be like for you ? pandora well , I have be --- mickey I do not mean to cut you short , baby , but I be just so happy . ( more ) cont . ce cont . mickey lift pandora off the ground and kiss she . on the coffee table and place she on he lap . resist at all . mickey I have be go through hell without you . you know , baby , we fight over the stupidest thing . but never again . now I get you , pandora , I be never gonna let you go . that 's & promise , baby . in fact , she seem to be enjoy it . she arm around he neck . . ' pandora mickey , you be be so nice . mickey and this be the way I be gonna be from now on . forever , and ever , and ever . feel my heart beat . he put she hand on he chest . mickey fast , be not it ? let I feel yours . ( he check she pulse on she wrist ) just like mine . a mile a minute . it must be love . ( kiss she wrist ) honey , I want you to know , the last few time we talk on the phone ... pandora uh-huh . mickey I do not mean any of that . you know that , do not you ? pandora I think you hate I . mickey I be bluff . I want you to think I hate you . all I feel vas '' what do I do now ? '' I be angry at you . listen to you be so damned frustrating . but I never stop loving you . cont . 16 he sit down she do not she put C co pandora I be a little surprised . I have never see you so sweet before . mickey this might turn out to be a good he stroke she birthday after -- whoa ! be that why you come back today ? you be - membere my birthday ? ( hug she tight ) I be so in love with you . tell I . I gotta know . what make you come back ? I promise I will not interrupt . hair . pandora well , yesterday , I be talk to yolanda Waxman . do you remember she ? mickey uh-huh . pandora . yeah , well , she be over at the house . and we be go through my record , and I be tell she about this sad Rod Stewart song . so , we be look through my album and I can not find it . then I be - member ... it 's not a album , it 's a tape , and I leave all my tape here . so , I think I would come by and pick it up . I get it . see ? she show he the tape . mickey 's in a what he get . mickey that 's why you come back ? pandora oh , and guess what ? when I vas goin ' through my album , I find one of you elvis prestley record . I know you could not live without that , so I drop it off . state of shock . after bare he soul , this be pandora stand up and look around the room . cont . ~ '' +y > 15 cont . pandora God ! this place look so empty without my stuff . maybe I should have leave you some of my plant . the sound of a toilet flushing from the bathroon , mickey what 's that ? pandora it 's a toilet flush . the bathroom door open and - oliver , a handsome yuppie , step out . : oliver whooah . . . talk about drop a@ cheese bomb . I would not go in there in the next . hour if I be you . pandora Oliver . sweetheart . come over here . Oliver valk over and hold hand with pandora . pandora Oliver , darling , I want you to meet one of my oldest friend , mickey . mickey , this be one of my nevest friend , Oliver brandon . oliver hey , guy . Oliver extend he hand . mickey ignore hin . mickey : ( to pandora ) how do you get in here ? you give I you key . pandora oh , Ollie get we 's in . oliver you know , the old credit card in the lock routine . hope you do not mind , guy . have to get sugar here she Rod Stewart . cont . f- eo yy Oliver look at mickey 's elvis albun . _ oliver I see you lik@ elvis . that 's nice . T have a aunt who like elvis . * pandora Oliver 's a rezi:ly great actor . oliver you should talk . you be pretty great yourself . pandora iam not . oliver '' you be . pandora I be not . oliver you be . pandora you be better . oliver I be not . pandora you be . : oliver be not . pandora be , too . mickey , do not listen to a word he say . he 's really glorious . oh , I be so stupid . I do not even tell you the most exciting news . I get a part in a play . it 's the torrance Community theatre production of '' godspell . '' that 's where I meet Ollie . ( to Oliver ) tell he what part you play . oliver ' jesus. : ( pause -- to pandora ) well , we gotta go or we will be late . _ we get that thing to go to . pandora what thing ? oliver you know , that thing . pandora still be not pick up on how uncomfortable Oliver be in mickey 's presence . she play along anyway . . pandora oh ... okay . bye , mickey . call I up sometimes and we will talk . oliver later , guy . they valk out , close the door behind they . from outside , mickey can hear : . oliver ( 0.s. ) do you use to have a scene with that guy ? pandora ( 0.s. ) just a little one . mickey just sit there , motionless . a few beat pass , then clarence barge through the door , hoice a half full bottle of beer in he hand . mickey just sit there . as clarence rant and rave , he take hit off he beer . clarence I can not fuckin ' believe it ! I can not fuckin ' believe it ! trumper fire we ! he fuckin ' fire we ! and for what ? for what ? just because he think we have some illegal substance in he shitty booth . you know how many jock be high when they be work ? huh ? you know how many jock be fuckin ' waste when they be on the air ? huh ? cont . , of > cont . mickey just sit there . clarence I do not know either . but I can tell you this , it 's a lot . I mean , if pea-brain trumper know how many jock be 's shit - face stone when they be work , he would shit in he pants ! no ! he would shit all over the wall ! that 's what he would do . he would shit all over the vall ! all over the booth ! all over the station ! clarence take a big swig off the beer , finish it . he go inside mickey 's kitchen . we hear a refrigerator door open and close , and a bottle of beer get open . mickey just sit there . clarence walk clarence ( 0.s. ) ( from kitchen ) I will tell ya something ' else , pal . we make that station . the original cool cat clarence Pool and Midnight mickey vere k - billy . we be the gurus of rockabilly airwave , I will tell ya that . back into the live room with he beer . clarence it be because of we show that we get enough sponser to increase we power so that k - billy be now hear in lakewood , compton , inglewood , and part of bellflower , and not just torrance . I will tell ya that . we fuckin ' do it . not that prissy , prima donna prick trumper . ( take a big svig ) you know , Mick , we will open up we own radio station . that 's what we will do . ' Cause when people hear that you and I get can at k - billy , they will not listen anymore . we be too big for k - billy anyway . we have a fuckin’ cult follow . trumper 's gonna regret the day he ever fuck with clarence Pool and mickey burnett cont . >> cont . clarence I mean , I be not even snortin ' cocaine . whoever hear of anyone fire somebody for snortin ' itchin ' powder ? we could probably sue the bastard . in fact , that 's what we will do . we will fuckin’ sue hin , take the money have win , which will probably be a lot , and open up we own fuckin ' station . then we will --- for the first time , clarence realize mickey 's just sit there stare at hin . : clarence hey , Mick , what 's wrong ? mickey pandora be just here . clarence pandora ? mickey . yeah , with some yuppie shit name Oliver . I think she just dumped I again . clarence do not know what to say . mickey Hell , clarence . I get fire , I be turn thirty , and my ex-girlfriend make a quick pitstop to wipe she foot off on I one more time . clarence sit down next to mickey . clarence you know that girl I tell you about ? the one I have be seein ' on the sly ' cause she 's get a asshole boyfriend ? mickey yeah , uh , what 's she name . . - clarence cecilia . you have never meet she , and maybe you never will . ( more ) cont . i : cont . n > wu clarence + to be honest , I do not even know how long the relationship will exist . there 's so many problem , and it 's startin ' to get to I . especially - the part about she bozo boyfriend . clarence make Nov I could be mopin ' about this . and I have to admit I be a little piss there for a moment about we gettin ' fire at k - billy , but after a couple beer , I be startin’ to feel better . be you startin ' to see the point ? mickey no . clarence the point be , life 's cool . we be cool . life go on . we go on . fuck everything else . we get nothing to be sad about when it 's be all Said and do . we get the future to celebrate . a toast gesture with the beer bottle . clarence tonight 's the night , mickey . my best friend 's birthday . mickey my birthday 's tomorrow . clarence ( ignore mickey 's comment ) what do you want to do ? have a party ? wait a minute , that 's stupid . of course , we be gonna party . you wanna get laid ? ( slap himself in the head ) shit ... wake up , brain . of course you should get laid . it would be great therapy for you . besides , it 's the big three ... oh . mickey clarence , I be tired . cont . c cont . clarence hate to disappoint my pal , but there just be not no time to get tired . Big thing be happenin ' tonight . I know ' cause I be psychic about stuff like that . you can not escape it . it 's in the card , and there 's nothing you can do about it . mickey clarence , you be the great and I love you . mickey stand up . clarence hey , I love you too , pal . mickey take clarence by he arm , stand he up , and lead he to the door . : mickey . but tonight I be gonna just sit back , then take a shower , and then go to bed . clarence mickey , you be not listen to I . mickey nudge clarence out the door . mickey I will call you tomorrow . sorry I be ' so down tonight . clarence mickey ... mickey close the door . from outside : clarence ( 0.s. ) ( outside the door ) you can not fight fate . mickey sit back down and sigh . £ eo ts ww ext . ronny'' bar -- night - a dive bar . clarence park he car , and go inside . int . ronny'' bar -~ night . small and dumpy . ronny , the pudgy bartender , stand next to a radio play elevator music ... ronny hum to the schmaltzie music as he clean glass . severz ! customer be in the bar . clarence walk over to the bar counter and unplug ronny 's radio . ronny awv , come on , clarence . why can not have listen to my kind of music ? give I one good reason . clarence one good reason ? ( laugh ) " Cause you music suck , mine do not . clarence move to the juke box , deposit several coin , and push the appropriate button . rockabilly music start play . clarence dance by himself next to - the juke box . suddenly , he notice misty knight , who 's play pool by herself . she 's very sexy and wear a revealing dress , which accentuate she shapely figure . clarence go back to the bar counter . he sit down on a bar stcol . as he talk vith ronny , he keep glance over at misty . clarence listen up , ronny . I be sorta on a mission tonight . ronny a mission ? clarence that 's right . I be gonna show mickey a good time for he birthday . a guy walk up to the bar counter . guy another pitcher , ronny . ronny start pour a pitcher . cont . ~ -y - cont . ronky ° how be micky ? he 's turn thirty , be not he ? how 's he take it ? . clarence not good . he 's have a bad night . ronny give guy the pitcher . guy pay hin . guy turn thirty , huh ? you talkin ' about mickey burnett ? yeah , I hear he 's real bust up over pandora droppin’ hin . : clarence you know mickey ? . guy never meet he . but I know this guy who drive a cab here in torrance . his cousin 's be goin 's out with yolanda Waxman . she know pandora real well . yeah , I hear mickey 's all screw up inside . and nov , he 's turn thirty ? shit , man , I could not deal with all that in one night . guy go back to he table . ronny hand clarence a beer . ronny Word travel fast in torrance . clarence yeah . clarence keep eyeing misty . he decide to make a move . he get up , beer in hand , and approach misty . as misty lean over the pool table to make another shot , clarence move behind she . she pull back on the cue stick , poking clarence in the eye . clarence aaahhh ! — misty turn around . clarence have he hand over he eye . cont . ~ '' N misty : oohh . .. I be sorry . be you all right ? clarence no problem . I think the blindness be only temporary . he rub he eye . misty laugh . misty what be you do ? ( clarence peel my eyeball off my brain . ' misty I be really sorry . clarence I be okay now . I be just fine . see ? ( take hand away from eye ) look almost like the other one . clarence my name be clarence Pool . misty I be misty knight . clarence misty knight . .. what a pretty name . very passionate sounding . misty be you the one who 's play shakin ' Stevens on the juke box ? clarence that 's I . yeah , I --- you know who shakin ' Stevens be ? misty oh , yes . he 's my very favorite . wait a second ! clarence Pool ... not the clarence Pool from kbli ? cont . + 7 c cont . clarence the one and only . misty what a privilege to meet you . what be you do here ? clarence I come here a lot . actually , right now I be doin ' a little recruiting . . misty recruiting ? _ clarence for a party . see , there 's this guy ... my best friend . he 's really cool , the coolest . thing - have be a bit tough for he . his girl walk out on he , and he 's turn thirty . his name be mickey . misty mickey . . . mickey burnett ? you mean Midnight mickey ? clarence yeah , that 's hin . misty I love he show . so , what 's the scoop ? be you recruiting I ? clarence well , I do not want this to sound . you know . . . I mean I could bring my girl and if mickey have a girl , we could all party . . misty oh , I get it . you want I to be mickey 's date for tonight . right ? clarence yeah , I be think that --- . misty great . cont . cont . clarence it be ? all right , all right . I ean , I would only do this for a girl I like ' cause mickey 's the best . misty Fine . clarence it be ? fabulous . I will have to give you mickey 's address . misty pick up a mammoth -size purse from the floor . she pull out a notebook and pen , and give it to clarence . clarence write the address down . clarence Nice purse . very roomy . sorta like a luxury model of the purse . ( take a key out of he pocket -- give it to she ) that 's he key . we be best friend . we have key to each other 's place . anyway , maybe you could go there and kindda surprise he and --- misty entertain he . clarence yeah , right . entertain he . then you could talk he into come over to my place -- he know where it be -- and we will have a birthday party . you and he , and I and my girl . misty that sound fun . should we talk price now or later ? clarence price ? what price ? misty my price . clarence you price ? ( realize she 's a pro ) oh ... you price . uh , well , how much ? cont . 4 4 ui '' misty well , how much do you think ? clarence - how much do you usually charge ? misty how much do you usually pay ? clarence '' uh , usually , uh , the go rate . misty . I should explain that I be not a hooker , I be a call - girl . call - girl 's be much more classier . clarence i. know that . I know that before I come over here . I would not get just a hooker for mickey . misty ( flatter ) really ? : ( do some figure in she head ) fifty dollar ? clarence I could go thirty . misty forty . - clarence think it over . he discreetly take out he wallet peek over he shoulder to see if ronny 's watch . ronny 's eye be practically pop out of they socket . he lean over the counter , peer at clarence . clarence block ronny 's view , hand misty the forty dollar . she smile , and so do clarence . misty I will see you at you place ... with you best friend . clarence it 's gonna be a wild night . cont . 31 cont . '' as misty leave , clarence sashays back to the bar counter . ronny look at clarence . . clarence something wrong , ronny ? sbi where would she go ? clarence mickey 's . - ronny why ? clarence ' Cause I tell she to . be Bill Smith 's video bakery open tonight ? ronny yep . clarence good . see ya . clarence leave the bar . seconcs later , clifford the pimp walk in . he 's black , dress zn a outdated and unkempt . suit , and totally monotone . this guy be definitely in the wrong profession . he survey the bar , then walk over to ronny . clifford hey , dickhead , you see a girl with a short dress , blond hair , nice figure , shoot pool in here ? ronny yeah . clifford know where she go ? ronny yeah . clifford where ? cont . cont . ronny . I can not tell you . when a customer come into my bar , they know that they have total privacy . they can come and go where they want and completely trust I to keep ny lip seal . I would never betray one of my customer . no matter what . clifford grab ronny by the shirt collar , pull he half over the bar counter . clifford stick he fist up to ronny 's face . -clifford how would you like I to squash you fat face , num -nut ? ronny she go to darwin Apartments on carpenter Street . apartment 13. clifford release ronny , and storm out of the bar . ronny ( mutter to himself ) he better hepe we path never cross again . inv. bill smith's video bakery -- night this store be a combination bakery and video store . you can rent a tape with the pie , cake , or cookie you buy . clarence stand by the counter , look over all the pastry . bill the baker be wait on he . clarence let I have a dozen of that doughnut , a box of that cookie , that cream pie ... bill . clarence , hey , hold on . you wanna give mickey sugar diabete ? clarence it 's he birthday . let I have that cake . bill which cake ? cont . aos 5 cont . 33 clarence whatta ya mean , which one ? the coolest one . that big white one there . Bill pull it out and set it on the counter . clarence you will write on it for I , will not ya ? bill yeah , sure . how 's mickey doin ' anyway ? I have not see he since pandora cut out on hin . clarence you know about that ? bill all my customer be talkin’ about it . and by the way , the last time mickey be in here , . you and he be arguin ' with I , and I want to make my point clear . you do not give I a chance last time . now , I agree that when it come to singin ' and makin ' album and perform , elvis be king . but I be sorry , as a actor , the guy be a lose cause . clarence elvis be a great actor . he just make some shitty movie . bill wait a minute . elvis be not a great actor . marlon brando 's a great actor . Michael caine 's a great actor . gene hackman 's a great actor . you put elvis up with that guy ? clarence yes . now just hear I out . when you say elvis be shitty , you be probably talkin ' about the elvis who be in '' Girls , Girls , Girls " , '' harem scarem " , '' kissin ' cousin " , or '' paradise , Hawaiian style . '' ( more ) cont . uw t clarence that 's not what I be talkin’ about . not to say he be bad in that . he be as good as & person can be in " Clambake . " but what I be talkin ' about be the first movie he make like '' jailhouse rock '' .-- which be one of mickey 's all time favorite -- '' lovin ' you " , '' King creole " , '' flaming Star . " he be so natural , so sexy , so elvis . he couldda be so great he have a wonderful natural quality about he . what fuck he up ? " Blue Hawaii . '' that be the first of the quote '' elvis presley movie . '' elvis singin ' a bunch of lame song every minute . no story . justa . real dog shit movie all around . but the fuckin ' thing be a hit . so asshole Tom parker say , '' well , that 's what the people want . '' so , any chance of elvis grow as a actor , vworkin ' with good director and good script get shot to hell . then they do '' kissin ' cousin '' and they find out they could crank ‘em out in thirteen day . so , that 's why ya have a elvis movie out every Christmas and every summer . bill yeah , I remember every Christmas and summer a new elvis and Jerry Lewis movie would come out . and I would keep goin ' hope they would be good . but you know , he music be like that , too . there be never any doubt in my mind if he get himself some good material , and put out one good album , he would be right back on top . as big as he ever be . I know it , and so do everyone else who be cool . just one good album be all it wouldda take . I have a picture of he on the wall . and I would say , " come on , Big E '' -- that 's what I call he -- '' come on , Big E , you can do it . '' it do not matter he be in he late thirty . I mean , that 's old -- cont . ( cc cont . 35 clarence not for elvis . bill - right , not for elvis . while the clarence pulis Beatles be comin ' out with '' sgt. pepper 's Lonely heart Club Band " he come out with the soundtrack for '' it happen at the World 's Fair . '' look , what do you want write on the cake ? a@ paper out from he shirt pocket . clarence I have it right here . ( read ) '' friendship . friendship will always be the love between mickey and I . the joy of always know --- bill hold it . time out , greenbay . I can not put all that on . clarence why not ? bill I do not have that much room ? clarence how cuch room do you have ? bill I get about enough room for '' happy birthday , mickey . '' clarence avv , man . everyone put that on they cake . bill everyone name mickey . y'know , there 's a reason , clarence . it 's short and sweet . clarence you be right . we be not eat the lettering . actually , we be eat the lettering , but just put down whatever . cont . cc cc cont . . Bill start write . clarence 's you be not write '' whatever , '' be you ? bill no , I be not write '' whatever . '' Bill stop . bill . look , just forget it . take the cake the way it be . clarence you be right . and I want the cookie , the doughnut , the pie . maybe some fudge . bill fuck it . Bill start walk to the back of the store . bill I be get a box , clarence . a big one . how the fuck do ya think you be gonna eat all that shit ? Bill go into the back room . clarence be still think . clarence maybe some chocolate eclair , or some turnover , or some apple fritter ... ext . CITY STREET -- night clifford 's walk down a dimly light torrance street , mumble to himself . — clifford I be a hand grenade with the pin pull . he stop to read a street sign . he pause , decide which direction he should take . . cont . | = uw cont . cc clifford continue mumble as he walk down another street . . clifford I be a fume volcano of rage ready to erupt . - I ext . mickey' apartment -- night misty stop in front of mickey 's apartment and check the room number with the address in she notebook . '' misty - whew . that be a long walk . she unlock the door , use the key clarence give , she . int . mickey' apartment ( bathroom ) -- night mickey 's in the shower . obviously still depressed , he 's just stand still let the water run down he body . suddenly , misty open the shower door . mickey aaahhh ! misty hi , micky . I be misty knight , you birthday surprise . mickey just stand there , mouth agape . misty ( sing ) happy birthday to you . happy birthday to you . happy birthday dear mickey . happy birthday to you . mickey still be not move . misty now , I will wait in the other room and when - you be do here , we can start we party . . C ( pause ) of I love you radio show . { . cont . '' y 36 cont . * misty close the shover door . mickey just stand there . misty open the shower door . misty oh . . . and keep it casual . what you have on be fine . misty close the shower door . mickey 's just stand there . int . clarence's apartment -- night clarence stand next to a table dial a phone . on the table be a big birthday cake , strawberry shortcake , a bowl of candy bar , doughnut , fudge bar , cookie , a cream pie , and a bowl of punch . clarence get a busy signal . he hang up . he try again . another busy signal . he hang up . he dial the operator . as he talk , he dump en entire bottle of - vodka into the punch . clarence Operator , I need to make a emergency phone call . int . cecilia' apartment -- night cecilia , a very attractive lady dress in a police uniform , sit on she bed and talk with she analyst on the phone . cecilia Dr. reighold , I can not live like this anymore . I have one on one end , and one on the other . and it 's tear I apart . dr . reighold ( v.0 . ) well , now , cecilia . what be the choice ? co cecilia well , clarence be cool , at least he tell I he be . ( more ) cont . 39 cont . cecilia ° but Eddie be suppose to be my boy - friend . and he 's my partner . we drive around in a squad car together . but I have - to take a stand . I have to get out from the middle . the operator interrupt . operator ( v.0 . ) I have a emergency call for cecilia Long from Aldo Ray . cecilia Aldo Ray ? dr . reighold ( v.0 . ) cecilia , you never tell I you know Aldo Ray . . cecilia I do not know Aldo Ray . Doctor , let I call you back . cecilia hang up . almost immediately , the phone ring . we see both side of the conversation . as clarence speak , he munch on a candy bar and pour yet another bottle of vodka into the punch . ceciiia answer the phone . cecilia hello . clarence hello , baaabbbyyy . cecilia clarence ! clarence ° yeah . who be you expect ? Aldo Ray ? ( he laugh ) cecilia , I just call to see if you would like to go to a party tonight . actually , the party 's here , and it 's for my best friend mickey -- I have tell you about he -- but he do not know about the party ' cause it 's gonna be a surprise . cont . & a cont . cecilia clarence , listen to I . * clarence and there will be just the four of we . you , I , mickey , and he girl - friend , who he have not meet yet . well , actually , by now he probably have , but it do not matter because she will bring he here some time tonight . cecilia clarence , listen to I ... clarence I know what you be gonna say . just wear any old thing as long as it 's nice . cecilia clarence ! I can not come over ! in fact , I can not ever see you again ! clarence what ? you know , this smack of the work of that lunk -head boyfriend of yours again . cecilia yes , it 's Eddie . he 's be spying on I . he know I have be see you . i.can feel it . clarence so what ? - cecilia so , you do not know Eddie . he 's really strong ... insert : eddie , wear workout clothes , do curl . he scream . cecilia - . and really mean . insert : Eddie 's bench press . he scream . cecilia . . and really jealous . cont . 's eo ( cc cont . insert : 4 Eddie , wear he cop uniform , aim he .357 right at the camera . he scream . clarence and I be really piss . I be tell you , cecilia , he do not know just who he 's mess with here . and when I get piss , watch out . cecilia I be sorry , clarence . I just can not come over . clarence sure you can , baby . you can do it . you just need a little strength . the strength that a voman find inside herself when the chip be doen , when it 's time to get tough , when it 's time to take a stand . ' know what I mean , baby ? clarence hear a dial tone . he hang up . int . misty 's mickey' apartment ( live room ) -- night lie on top of a coffee table practice sexy pose . suddenty , clifford burst in through the front door . clifford what do you think you be doin ' ? misty clifford , I be with a customer . clifford I get you customer . misty how can you get I customer ? you .ca not even afford a car . clifford why do not you stay by the phone like I tell you ? cont . ~ +> 5 ro oo cont . misty clifford , you be upsetting I . now , this be the last time I and tell you , I do not want you to be my pimp anymore . clifford so , you do not want I to be you pimp no more ? clifford move at she , and start strangling she . misty struggle and flail with she hand . she accidently bop clifford in the nose . ' clifford ooww ! he hold he nose . misty clifford , you should not have start choke I . let I see you nose . come on . let I see . clifiord do . misty oh , you be all right . she start laugh . clifford really get piss . he grab she again . they struggle . clifford I come all the way down here on the bus and this be what I get ? clifford throws misty on the floor . misty owch ! clifford what would I tell you ? should not be messin ' with the kid . mickey step out of the bathroom . he think misty 's alone . mickey you know , maybe you be right . I have be down so long I need to party and --- - cont ... + 7 ~ +7 43 cont . '' mickey stop when he see clifford stand over misty . mickey ( to clifford ) get outta my . apartment ! clifford point et mickey . clifford you ! you ass be grass , and I be the lawn mover ! clifford pull out a pair . of nunchakus from inside he suit jacket . he start twirling they . misty gather she stuff , and run out the door . clifford charge mickey , twirling the nunchakus . mickey freak . just before clifford 's on he , he duck back inside the bathroom . - the bathroom mickey shut the door . from inside the bathroom he hear a thunk as clifford run into the door . clifford ( 0.s. ) ( outside door ) ooohhh ! mickey hear another thunk as clifford hit the floor . the live room mickey step out of the bathroom and find clifford lie on he back on the floor . he 's drop the nunchakus . mickey pick clifford up and start to drag he toward the front door . suddenly , clifford break free . he do a '' karate scream " and move into the ridiculous preying mantis stance from '' karate kid . '' mickey snort , and smashes clifford with a flurry of karate kick . cont . e cont . clifford slam into the wall . mickey batter he with more karate kick . one kick knock clifford into the kitchen . from the live room , mickey hear the clatter and clanging ‘of clifford fall into kitchen utensil . suddenly , clifford bolt out of the kitchen twirling a floor mop as if it be a fight staff . clifford nnnyyysaaehhh ! mickey block clifford 's first few flail . he catch the mop in both hand . clifford thrust the mop forward , smacking mickey right in the face , and knocking he down . cliffcrd stand above the fall mickey , twirling the mop . lying on he back , mickey kick clifford in the groin . cliffcrd back up a few step and fold , drop the mop . mickey spring to he foot . he touch he nose with he finger and realize it 's bleed . now he 's really piss . mickey grab clifford , raise he up . mickey light out , prick . mickey haul off and smashes clifford in the face with a sweeping haymaker of a punch . clifford backpedal off camera . mickey spin around and around , and finally fall on he butt from the force of he punch . mickey scramble '' bo he foot , look around he apartment . where do clifford go ? mickey look out he front door , which be still open . directly beneath mickey 's second floor balcony be a large trash can . clifford 's foot be dangle out of it . > 45 ext . darwin apartment -- night ' mickey run down the step , slip on a leather jacket over a T-shirt and jeans . he stop by the trash can , and look at clifford 's leg dangle out of it . not want any part of clifford , mickey just keep run . ext . STREET by darwin apartment -- night mickey run to he mustang . he get inside and try to start it . it will not start . mickey do not do this to I . he try again . it still will not start . a cuie girl , 10 . year old , zip by on roller skate . suddenly , she stop , and skate back to mickey 's mustang . she rap on he window . mickey nod at she , and try to start the car . it will not start . she rap on the window again . mickey roll the window down . mickey what ? cute girl you be Midnight mickey , be not you ? I have see you picture in the enter - tainment section of the torrance tribune . mickey right , I be I . look , I do not want to be rude , but I be in a real hurry . cutie girl too bad about pandora . mickey yeah , well , I gotta go and --- how do you know about pandora ? cute girl I read it in beatrice buford 's gossip column in the torrance tribune . cont . cy cont . mickey what the hell 's she write that for ? I think beatrice like - all the jock et k - billy . cute girl well , that 's the price of be a celebrity , I guess . mickey try to start he car . it will not start . just stand there , stare at hin . mickey look , honey , . you be very nice and very pretty , and I have enjoy we conversation , but I be kindda busy right now . maybe we could talk again at another time . cute girl wow ! pervert-city ! wait ' till I tell everyone that a older man like you come on to I . mickey 46 the cute girl what be you talkin ' abour ? I do not come on to you . cute girl you call I honey and pretty , and you say you want to meet with I later ! mickey I do not say that . I say --- she skate away . her voice trail off : cute girl wow ! Midnight mickey 's a sickie ! mickey just groan and try to start he car . ext . a STREET -- night clarence drive he car down a street . the sidewalk . car . he see misty walk on clarence park by the curb , and get out of he cont . 5 ) cont . . : clarence misty ! over here ! misty see clarence . she run over to hin . clarence that be quick . misty too quick . we never get start . clarence too quick . . . it be ? mickey ? I think he would savor someone like you . misty do not hear he . she 's already inside he car . int . clarence's car -- moving -- night clarence get inside the car with misty . misty clarence , could we just leave ? clarence the experience be that bad ? misty it be terrible . what a mess . I do not want to talk about it . clarence start the car , and drive . - clarence I be sorry he 's not johnny weismuller . misty I do not have time to find out . clarence react to this . misty please , let 's just drop it . what be you do here ? . clarence well . . . my baby leave I . cont . cont . 46 misty qh , that 's sad . why do she leave you ? clarence she have a boyfriend . misty what a stupid reason to leave some - body . clarence I be thinkin ' about talkin’ to mickey about it ... after you two be do , I mean . misty you can talk to I , if you like . clarence that 's really nice , misty . I do not know . tell ya the truth , I do not really feel like talkin ' about it . . misty take the forty dollar out of she purse , and hand it to clarence . misty I do not really earn this . clarence sure ya do . I could not take it back now . misty try to give he the money again . clarence really ... I do not want it . misty reluctantly put the money back inside she purse . misty what be you do right now ? clarence just drivin’ . cont . 5 . i '' => cont . . misty see how you date fall through and thing do not work out for I , why do not we have that party anyvay ? justiiyou and I ? clarence you and I ? eeally ? sisty really . ext . business build -- night a aging building with business office inside . a young man stancs by the building strumm he guitar and sing folk song . he have a hat on the sidewalk for people to donate spare change . a 4wd bronco screech to a halt by the curb . '' torrance Police depertment '' insignia on the door . Eddie get out of the bronco and look at the building . he start for the door , then stop by the Young man , who 's still sing . eddie get a job . edd :e go inside the building . int . arn posner' office -- night a cumpy office . arno posner , a dumpy private investigator , sit behind he dumpy desk , drink a can of beer . a nameplate on he desk : '' arno posner , p.i . '' Eddie burst into the office . eddie : okay , posner , let 's see the picture . posner Eddie , I be not expect you . eddie so what ? ' let 's see the fuckin 's picture . cont . cont . , posner pull a wad of snapshot out from a desk draver . posner okay , Eddie , but you be not gonna like it . he hand the picture to Eddie . Eddie look at they , get angrier with each one . posner I take ‘em . outside of the Dew Drop Motel . eddie Dew Drop Motel . .. I hate that place ! Eddie pound he fist on posner 's desk . paper go fly . Eddie look at another picture . eddie look at this . .. they be snugglin ' . Eddie kick a trash can against the wall . posner hey , take it easy . Eddie lock at another picture . eddie they be kissin ' ! Eddie punch a file cabinet , knock over a lamp which be on top of it . Eddie look at another picture . : eddie they're kissin ' and snugglin ' ! ( to posner ) how could you stand watchin’ such filth ? posner just a job , pal . Eddie throw the picture in posner 's face , and grab he . he start shaking posner by he shirt collar . cont . c wo eo cont . eddie , how can you call doin ' this shit just a job ? posner 's scared to death .. he 's ready say anything to stop Eddie from hurt he . - posner it be awful ! it be terrible ! I have never be so humiliate ! Eddie stop shaking posner , and release hin . eddie who 's the asshole with she ? posner his name 's clarence Pool . some jock for kbli . I get a phone number on he outta the book . posner hancs Eddie a piece of paper with clarence 's phone number . eddie - his address ? posner I be not get that yet . he use a post office box . but I know he hang out at that dive ronny 's bar . Eddie 's about to leave . posner hey , Eddie , one thing ... I think you chick be wise to I followin ' she . eddie Wise ? there 's nothin’ wise about someone fuckin ' with I . Eddie leave -- much to posner 's relief . ext . business build -- night Eddie walk out of the building , and step inside a phone booth . cont . y cont . . edéie look at the paper with clarence 's number . he dig through he pocket for some change . he do not have any . eddie shit . Eddie look at the Young man , and get a idea . Eddie step out of the phone booth and march over to the Young man . he tip over the Young man 's hat , and loose change scatter across the pavement . h young man ey ! edc :e help himself to some change . he look at the Young man , then grab he guitar . Eddie smashes the guitar against the side of the building . the Young man panic , and run for it . . eddie Welfare wimp . edc :e return to the phone booth , and deposit several coin into the phone . int . clarence's apartment -- night ET shot on clarence 's phone machine . the phone ring . the answer machine kick in . rockabilly music start play . clarence ( v.0 . ) hello , baaaby . you have reach the ring - a-d of the original hillbilly cat , clarence Pool . and I be go , all go . so , all you hep cat and kitten leave you name and number at the sound of the guitar lick . as soon as I be do with my fresh fish special , I will try not to drag my axle in waltz time , and get back to you . bye . the phone machine beeps . cont . 4s x ~ ( co uw uw cont . eddie ( v.0 . ) you asshole ! this be Eddie . I hope you know who I be . I hope that name mean something ' to you . I be the man who 's gonna drop-kick you to hell ! | cecilia 's my woman . she 's my property , and you be messin ' with she . look , garbage can , when I fi-d you and when I lay my hand on you , I be gonna punch a hole through you rockabilly face ! then I be gonna body - slam you rockabilly carcass to the ground ! then tie you rockabilly ass to the back of my car , and drag you down the middle of the street . I just want you to know that . i'm on my Way ! rack focus to the doorway . clarence and misty enter , arm -in - arm . clarence yeah , it would be perfect for I and mickey now that we be not workin’ at k - billy . there would be a whole chain of them . it will be call , '' rockabilly Burger . " fifty music piayin ' all the time , picture of elvis everywhere . we will have the be bopalula Burger and the breathless burito . one bite leave you , '' ooohhh breathless ! " ( pause ) my room 's just down the hall . ( sing ) rock , rock , rockabilly burger ! ext . STREET by darwin apartment -- night the hood be up on the mustang . mickey 's work on the engine , use a flashlight to help he see . mickey there , dammit , that should do it . mickey slam the hood shut . big guy ( 0.s. ) hey , barf - bag ! cont . >~ f. ~ > 5s cont . - mickey turn , and see a big guy waddling toward he . the cute girl follow the Big guy . big guy what be you tryin ' to do to my daughter , puke-face ? mickey jump inside the mustang . mickey I can not believe this shit . he start the mustang . the mustang burn rubber and speed away with the Big guy and the cute girl run after it . int . clarence's apartment ( bedroom ) -- night the bedroom be rife with elvis and movie poster . clarence and misty be on the floor next to the bed . clarence 's hand have be tie to a comic book stand . clarence wear a robe , and misty 's wear just she blouse , which stop above she knee . clarence so , how long have you be a call girl ? misty not very long . in fact , this be my first time . I have not even be iive here that long . clarence oh , I see . misty I be not finish . clarence oh , I be sorry . misty see , for the past three year I work at k - Mart in Cleveland . clarence really ? what department ? cont . cont . misty record and tape . : ' clarence you lucky dog . I work at k - Mart , too . : misty really ? clarence yeah , out here . I always try to get into record and tape , but they stick I in woman 's shoe . misty no kid ? I always feel sorry for that guy in woman 's shoe . some of that lady that would come in would make you try on fifty pair of shoe before they make up they mind . clarence . yeah , but I have a foot fetish , so it even itself out . I remember my shine moment of glory at k - Mart . I be tell this customer what size shoe she wear , then all of a sudden this big fat rat fall out of the air duct , right in she lap . misty oh , my God . . . I would have freak . clarence she start scream . the rat take off like a shot . wham ! I go after he . I chase he all around the store for ten minute . I finally beat he to death with a broom stick in hosiery . misty ( laugh ) that 's so classic ! while I enjoy record and tape , I still feel unfullfilléd . you know what I mean ? cont . cont . . clarence i. hear ya talkin' . . misty so , one night I go out on a date with this guy from auto accessory and we see a film thta be to change my life . clarence what ? misty '' dress to kill . " . clarence wonderful movie . excellent movie . . misty you like it , too ? clarence like it ? JI love it . that Brian De palma 's a real mean motor scooter . misty I love he movie . clarence he 's right up there in my cool book . the man be not shabby . misty well , you remember Nancy Allen in it ? clarence remember she ? how could I forget she ? misty be not she a knock out in that ? clarence you know , I think they should pass a law that say Nancy Allen have to have sex with I anytime I want . misty remember what she be in that movie ? ( more ) cont . ' cont . misty she be a call girl ... and she be so cool and so together , I say to myself , '' Louise , that 's the job for you . " clarence Louise ? misty I mean misty . " misty , that 's the job for you . '' so , I come out here to make my mark . so far I have be a absolute failure . : clarence what have you fail at ? misty well , my pimp , clifford -- he 's a lousy pimp . a helluva nice guy , but a lousy pimp . I just have to face the fact he be not do anything to further my career . so , I fire he and tonight , my first time at bat with a pay customer ... and everything explode . clarence that 's hardly you fault . misty how be I ever go to start a referral system ? when people pay for a good - cime girl , they want a good time . not get involved in a miasma . that 's why I be so upset . clarence be you still upset ? - misty : : ( coyly ) no. ( ) clarence coyl why ? my cont . ae on 58 cont . . misty ( coyly right back ) none of you business . they kiss . clarence you be sweet , you be nice , you have great taste in music . you know , the first time I see you dancin’ to that music , I think to myself , '' that 's my kindda woman . '' misty well , why do not you do anything about it ? clarence I do . misty yeah , you set I up with you friend . ( pause ) why cid not you do anything about it for you ? . clarence I do not know . I guess I be just stupid . misty you be not stupid . just wrong . they kiss . not . ronny'' bar -- night ronny 's make himself a sandwich and listen to elevator music on he radio . somebody speak to he . he do not look up , be totally immerse in make he sandwich . woman ( 0.s. ) be you ronny ? ronny ( not look up ) who 's ask ? the radio be suddenly turn off . cont . woman ( 0.s. ) I be ask . who else be talk to you ? ronny look up and see cestfie dress in she cop uniform . onny okay , okay . I be ronny . cecilia where 's clarence ? ronny who ? cecilia clarence Pool . where be he ? ronny I do not know any clarence Pool . cecilia whip out she nightstick , and wave it menecingly in front of ronny 's face . . cecilia '' I have have it with the game , dough - boy-face . I know clarence come here a lot , and I know he know ronny -- that 's you . where be he ? ronny be it a emergency , officer ? cecilia set the nightstick gently on top of ronny 's shoulder . cecilia the emergency will be right here if you do not talk , nerf -nose . ronny he 's at he apartment . cecilia I call there , fat-head . I get he phone machine . ronny maybe he 's not answer he phone . he do that sometimes . cont . cc 's cont . cecilia turn , and leave the bar . ronny wait until she 's go , then mutter to himself . ronny lucky for she she 's a woman . other - wise , there 's no tell what I would have do . ext . clarence's apartment -- night a disgruntled mickey wipe some blood from he nose with a handkerchief , then take a key out of he jacket pocket and open the coor . int . clarence's apartment -- night mickey look arsund . he try the bedroom . int . clarence's apartment ( bedroom ) -- night mickey walk in on clarence and misty . mickey clarence , I just -- whooaa . misty ( to clarence ) what 's he do here ? clarence ( to mickey ) what be you doin ' here ? mickey what be I do here ? what 's she do here ? misty ( point at clarence ) I be with he . mickey ( to clarence ) she 's with you ? cont . int . 61 clarence she 's with I . mickey she be with I . clarence ( to misty ) that 's true . misty I leave . , mickey T know . clarence ( to misty ) he know . mickey look , clarence , who give a shit ? can I please talk to you . . . alone ? misty ( to clarence ) I think you should taik to he . clarence we better talk , mickey . see ya in the live room . larence's apariment ( live room ) -~ night mickey talk into the live room . second later , clarence join he . clarence pat mickey on the back and they sit down to talk . mickey you do not know what just happen to I --- clarence yes , I do . mickey you do ? cont . cc cont . €2 clarence misty tell I , and it 's nothing to get upset about . it happen to everybody . mickey you gotta be kid . clarence it 's happen to I . _ mickey no shit ? how come you never tell I about it ? clarence well , come on , it 's not the type of thing a guy go talkin’ about . mickey why not ? we be best friend . I be gonna tell you . clarence okay , you be right . '' I will tell you about it sometime . right now I --- ( look at mickey 's nose ) do you get into a fight ? mickey Bell yes ! I think you say misty tell you what happen . Hell , if you think that 's something , let I tell you , pal -- after the fight I have some asshole chasin ' after I accusin ' I of molest he ten year old daughter . great night . clarence damn , man , you gotta loosen up . clarence get up . he gesture for mickey to do the same . clarence come here . _ mickey follow clarence to the food table . cont . 4 on uw cont . clarence look at that , Mick . we get fudge , shortcake , cream pie , vodka punch , even a big birthday cake . all for you . I say we forget all the shit that 's happen to you tonight and have a birthday party . mickey I be not in the mood . clarence not in the mood ? hey ! it 's I ! clarence ! remember ? when have I ever steer you wrong ? look , mickey , tell I this -- can you think of anyone , anyone at all , cooler than I ? mickey think about it . mickey billy Joe ewald at video Archives ? clarence he do not like sonny chiba 's karate filn . mickey oh , that 's right . I forget . ( think ) what about Tommy mero ? clarence he coe not like the vanilla coke at Cafe fifty . mickey he do not ? what a asshole . clarence tell I about it . I write he right out of my cool book . mickey I gotta admit you be the coolest , clarence . clarence case close . anybody who work as hard as I do at be cool be not gonna lead you wrong . ( more ) cont . ~ ~ an cont . . clarence you gotta face life like a man on the prowl , always on the hunt for & good time . or life pass you by . mickey do not know what to say . clarence before you say anything there 's a little something ' else . clarence reach behind the birthday cake , and pick up something wrappes up as a birthday present . he give it to mickey . : clarence happy birthday , mickey . . mickey thanks ...uh ... clarence open it . mickey eagerly tear off the wrapping . it 's a vhs tape of Howard havk 's '' Rio bravo . '' mickey 's really take by this . mickey clarence ... '' Rio bravo . '' clarence picked it up when I get the cake and stuff . I know how much you like Howard hawk . cast be not shabby , either . mickey shit , clarence . '' Rio bravo " ... birthday cake ... clarence and mickey laugh , then embrace . clarence what you need be a hot steaming shower so you can relax . i'11 finish up in there , and maybe misty can invite a friend over , and we will have we party . cont . on vo ave cae mickey okay , okay . . . cool . _ clarence now you be talkin' . it 's gonna be a wild night . i ext . darwin apartment -- night clifford 's still upside down in the trash can . he fidget , but can not free himself . he 's stick . klondike , a janitor , walk over to the garbage can with a broon and a bag of trash . klondike hey , man , you be gonna have to move for a second . clifford I be stick in here . klondike you be ? : klendike set he broom and bag down . he grab clifford 's leg and pulis up . clifford raise a bit , then slide back down with a thunk , hatting he head on the bottom of the trash can . clifford ooovwe ! klondike what 's wrong ? clifford just get I outta here , dick -head ! klondike I get a idea . klondike push the trash can over . it clunk to the ground . clifford aaahhh ! klondike start shaking the can until clifford can wiggle himself . free . clifford slowly stand up , then brushes himself off . cont . ic *y a a cont . . klondike here . klondike hand clifford a small whisk broom which hang from he belt . clifford use it to brush himself off . clifford thanks . he give the whisk broom back to klondike . klondike quite a suit you be wearin’ . clifford I be a pimp . I have to dress fancy . pr end all that . ( pause ) well , I be gonna go bust up my bitch . tharks for you help . klondike well , I always say helpin ' people be what life 's all about . clifford 's about to leave . he pause , then put klondike 's trash bag in the garbage can . klondike thanks , man . clifford no problem . see ya . klondike have a nice night . clifford take off . klondike start sweeping . int . clarence's apartment -- night cecilia enter the apartment with a key in she hand . she look around , then walk down the hallway . she hear the shower run in the bathroom . int . clarence's apariment ( bathroom ) -~ night cecilia walk in the bathroom , think it 's clarence in the shower . . cont . cc cont . she start unbuttone she police uniforn . cecilia I be not be push around anymore . I be leave Eddie . he do not own I . from now on , I be make my own decision . cecilia pull open the shower door , and find mickey , who cover himself . '' cecilia nnyyaa ! who be you ? ( think for a moment ) oh , my God ! you and clarence be not oe . be not ... . . mickey be not what ? cecilia you and clarence do not - go to gay bar together , do you ? mickey no , we do not go to gay bar . cecilia where 's clarence ? mickey obviously , not in here ! mickey slam the shower door shut . int . clarence's apartment ( hallway ) -- night cecilia wander out of the bathroom . she see clarence 's bedroon door be close . int . clarence's apartment ( bedroom ) -- night cecilia open the door and find a blanket over two chair , like a pup tent . giggling come from beneath the blanket . clarence hear the door open . cont . 47 clarence : ( think it 's mickey ) look , I love you , but you be gonna have to wait ' till I be do here , and I will find someone for you . okay ? so , be cool for nov . shock , cecilia back out of the room , close the door . Inside the tent , clarence and misty look at a book . - + clarence there 's nothing here on fellatio , but the Guinness Book of World record for kissing be 3 hour , 20 minute . misty okay , we can do that . clarence let 's start now . int . clarence's apartment ( live room ) -- night cecilia 's gulp down cup after cup of vodka punch . she 's get load . mickey , fully dress , walk over to she . mickey I be sorry I yell at you in the bathroom . it 's be a bad night . ( pause ) be you a friend of clarence 's . . or misty 's ? cecilia do not answer . she keep on drink . mickey ( regards she cop uniform ) I think maybe that be you costume . ( pause ) be you in the right apartment ? she keep drink . mickey you know , there 's vodka in that punch . cecilia stammer , have difficulty find the right word . cont . '' y — _ a of cont . for cecilia oohh . . . I know there 's , uh , punch in the vodka ... and I can hold my ... punch ... all right . . mickey why be you drink like that ? cecilia who 's drinkin . . . I mean , how would you like to be ... just slap '' . . din the face ... '' mickey I wouldn 's t like it . cecilia I do not mean ... by mean ... I mean , by I , you dim - wit . mickey what do you mean ? cecilia I mean , I be not push anyone . . I mean , I be not be push around . by anyone anymore ... mickey Weil , good for you . gotta stand on you own two foot . that 's for sure . cecilia I be bein ' aggess -- aggess -- mickey aggressive . cecilia right ! when I ... see something iwant .. . I be gonna ... grab it . mickey absolutely . woman on the prowl , on the hunt for a good time . cecilia a good time . . . like right now ! cont . y 4 + - 55 of cont . mickey you get it . cecilia and right now ... I want what I see . . . right now ! mickey right now ? what do you -- cecilia and I be gonna get it ! cecilia attack mickey , smother he with kiss . ext . CITY STREET -- night clifford walk down a city street , mumble to himsel£ . clifford I be a fiery furnace of hatred . a howling storm of revenge . int . ronny'' bar -- night ecdie burst into the bar and slam he fist on the bar counter , scowling at ronny . eddie you ! where be she ? ronny who ? eddie the girl with the asshole . ronny there 's girl without asshole ? Eddie reach across the counter and grab ronny by he face . eddie listen up , butt~breath . my girl meet some rockabilly asshole name clarence Pool twice a week . I know the asshole come here a lot , and I be sure she 's with he . Nov , where be she ? cont . . cont . be . ronny . at the asshole 's apartment . |. eddie where 's the asshole live ? ronny asshole life st East Wood apart - ment on callahan drive . Eddie release ronny , turn , and start walk coward the door . he stop , and go back to the bar counter . he grab ronny by he face again . : eddie Apartments have number . ronky apartment 44 , Eddie reiease ronny , then leave . once Eddie 's go : ronny ' and stay out . int . clarence's apartment -~ night in the live room , mickey and cecilia be underneath a throw rug , kissing and grop at each other 's clothes . at the same time , clarence , wear he robe , and misty , wear she long blouse , walk out of the bedroom , cuddle with each other . clarence . I feel like Fred do when he meet Ginger . misty really ? clarence misty , I never lie about Fred and Ginger . misty 's really touch . she kiss clarence . be clarence eo now let 's party . - ( loudly ) J mickey , I have a poem ! cont . cont . , clarence read from a sheet of paper . he and misty move into the live room , catch mickey and cecilia off guard . as he read , they scramble for they clothes . misty see this , and tug at clarence 's arm . he ignore it . clarence ( read ) '' friendship '' by clarence Pool . friendship will always be the love between mickey and I . the joy of always know that we affection be show . and to show that we care , we lay we soul bare the the love we both share . ( he look up ) happy birthday , Mick --- clarence see mickey and cecilia partially undress . clarence what 's this ? what the hell 's this ? mickey , how could you ? mickey could I what ? clarence with she ? mickey who 's she ? misty ( to clarence ) who be she ? clarence she 's ... she 's ... mickey ( to cecilia ) who be you ? clarence my girlfriend . cecilia no , I be not ! cont . c ws nae with misty ( to clarence ) you girlfriend ? mickey ( to cecilia ) you be ? clarence she be ! cecilia no , I be not ! . misty you bitch ! cecilia ( to misty ) who be you ? clarence cecilia , how could you ? and with my best friend ... misty ( to clarence ) you best friend ? ( to cecilia ) you tramp ! mickey I be sorry , clarence . I do n'c know she be you girlfriend . cecilia i'm not ! clarence it 's all right , mickey . I know you do not . ( point at cecilia ) it 's all she fault . how could you in my live room on my carpete underneath my throw rug like a --- cecilia like a what ? ( point at misty ) like a whore ? cont . c cont . 's misty I be not a whore ! I be a call - girl , _ .- mickey what the hell 's goin ' on here ? clarence yeah , cecilia , what the hell 's goin ' on here ? cecilia what 's 5 go on , clarence ? why , we be have a party . we be have fun . cecilia march over to the birthday table . clarence follow she . cecilia let 's have some more fun ! cecilia pick up a can of whipped cream , and sprays it all over clarence 's face . : misty you bitch ! misty run over . she and cecilia start fight , while clarence wipe he face with a napkin . mickey intervene , pull the two woman apart . mickey knock it off ! both of you ! just grow up and quit act like brat ! that coesn ' : go over well . misty kick mickey in the shin . mickey ooowww ! cecilia pick up the cream pie and smashes it into mickey 's face . he stumble and fall on he butt by the table . mickey grasp hold of the table and start to slowly rise . at the same time , clarence try to break up the fight . clarence Girls , do not fight over I . misty and cecilia push clarence away . he stumble , falling on top of mickey , who plunge face - first into the birthday cake . cont . 75 cont . ° '' misty and cecilia continue fight . they fall on the floor and roll around . clarence and mickey both stand up . mickey 's cover with cream pie and birthday cake . clarence hand he a napkin . clarence hey , Mick , you be not piss at I , be you ? mickey calmly take the can of whipped cream off the table and pour it all over clarence . mickey set the can back down on the fable , step over the battle girl , and amble toward the athroom . clarence there for a minute I think he be piss . clarence step over the girl , and head for the bathroom . misty and cecilia never break stride . they keep fight . ext . east wood apariment -- night Eddie 's walk through the complex , look at apartment number . gilbert , a young man , be walk by . eddie Police ! freeze ! scare to death , Gilbert freeze . Eddie walk over to he , and look he eye- to -eye . eddie what 's you name , boy ? gilbert Gilbert . eddie Gilbert ? be that you first name ? Gilbert nervously nod yes . eddie how can you live with yourself ? ( pause ) you know where clarence Pool life ? . cont . yy ~ ~- ~ a cont . gilbert glarence Pool ? ' eddie the rockabilly asshole . gilbert I know where a rockabilly asshole life . apartment 44 . eddie I know that -- ( sissy - like ) " Gilbert " ... . ( angry again ) where 's apartment 44 ? gilbert down the hall and turn leave . eddie you know the rockabilly asshole ? gilbert - well . . . I have see he around . Eddie grab Gilbert by he collar , and press close . eddie you ever talk to he ? gilbert maybe a couple time . eddie you like hin ? gilbert uh. ..no ... Eddie release Gilbert . eddie you be lucky . now , get outta here ! Eddie start to walk away . gilbert but , sir , I live here . Eddie stop and point at he , as if to say " do not talk back to I . " cont . cont . gilbert T will move ! Gilbert run away . eddie and get that iname change ! Eddie start down the hall . eddie ( mutter ) '' Gilbert '' . . . shit . int . ronny'' bar -- night Elevator music play on the radio . ronny 's talk to himself . ronny that do it . I mean it . I can not take it anymore . the next one who mess with I be get exactly what they deserve . clifford enter , obviously piss . ronny immediately pull the plug on the radio , and blurt we : ronny East Wood Apartments ! callahan drive ! apartment 44 ! clifiord turn and leave . int . clarence's apartment ( live room ) -- night cecilia and misty be still fight . suddenly , pounding on the door . eddie ( 0.s. ) open up ! I know you be in there , . cecilia ! cecilia and misty stop fight . more pounding on the door . eddie ( 0.s. ) open up ! cont . ~ of cont . . misty who 's that ? _ cecilia ' my boyfriend . misty how many have you get ? cecilia he will kill we . misty . we ? why not just you ? cecilia he like beat up people . once he start , he just can not seem to stop . : Eddie pound even harder on the door . int . clarence's apartment ( bathroom ) -- night - clarence be at the sink , wash off the whipped cream . mickey 's in the shower , wash off cake and crean pie . clarence c'mon , mickey . I need to get clean up , too . no answer from mickey . clarence look , I do not want you get depressed or anything . mickey do not talk to I , clarence . clarence seriously , I be sorry about what happen . it 's a simple misunderstand - ing , I be sure . I be gonna straighten everything all out . okay ? I will clear up the mess with the girl and everything will be great . we can even have we party now . besides , what else could possibly go wrong ? no '' cont . be ~ yp C not vey cont . . misty and cecilia burst inside the bathroom . . : misty he 's gonna kill we ! clarence who 's gonna kill we ? cecilia Eddie ! he 's here ! _ mickey ( from shover ) clarence , what 's go on ? clarence ( to mickey ) nothing . ( to girl ) . now I be piss ! and when I get piss , watch out ! int . clarence's apartment ( live room ) -- niget Eddie break OPEN the door . he charge inside , gun dravyn . eddie freeze ! Eddie realize nobody 's in the live room . eddie avright , you pompadour prick ! I get a gun , and I be gonna blast you ass off ! ixt . clarence's apartment ( bathroom ) -- night with the bathroom door open , clarence , misty , and cecilia can hear Eddie 's threat . clarence oh ... shit . cecilia we have to hide . cecilia shut and lock the bathroom door . . cont . ic cont . . misty get a idea . she open the shower door . mickey cover himself . misty Quick , in here . clarence , cecilia , and misty pile inside the shower with mickey . mickey . now what ? misty shut the shower door . clarence turn off the water . int . clarence* apartment ( live room ) -- night Eddie in the live room . eddie I be gonna fire a warnin ' shot , dick - face , and then you better come out ! Eddie pull the trigger . click ! he pull the trigger again . click ! he check he .357 . eddie avw , hell . . . forget to load it . edeie grab a quick load from he belt , but then pause . he think for a moment . eddie no , that 's too easy . too fast . Eddie take off he gun belt , holster he gun , and set the belt on a table . eddie awright , you ducktail dork ! it 's hand - to-hand now ! - Eddie start ransack the apartment , search for clarence and cecilia . he spot some of cecilia 's clothes on the live room floor , where she be with mickey . cont . ( ~ 81 cont . Eddie pick up cecilia 's police blouse , and look at it . he ex - plode . eddie aaaaaahhhhh ! int . clarence's apariment ( bathroom ) -- night clarence , cecilia , misty , and mickey be crowded together inside the shower stall . they hear Eddie 's screan . mickey what the hell 's tha --- clarence ssshhh , quiet . misty shut-up . you wanna die ? cecilia dumb-ass . mickey react . int . clarence's apartment ( hallway ) -- night Eddie 's kick open door , look for clarence and cecilia . eddie i.ca not wait to hurt somebody . he come to the bathroom door . it 's lock . eddie the bathroom . . . of course , where else would shit hide ? int . clarence's apartment ( bathroom ) -- night Eddie break the door open , and barge inside . he see someone 's in the shower . Eddie open the shower door and find clarence , cecilia , misty , and mickey all huddle together , and all at least partially undress . eddie this be the sickest thing I have ever see . cont . t ~ c cont . Eddie clenches he fist , and wind up for a big punch . clarence , cecilia , and misty scream . Eddie swing . clarence , cecilia , and misty duck . - Eddie wallop mickey in the face . mickey collapse on the shower floor . . clarence , cecilia , and misty tumble out of the shower , fall on top of Eddie . eddie let I up ! I will kill everybody ! int . clarence's apartment ( live room ) -- night Eddie , clarence , cecilia , and misty stumble out of the bathroom . edéie grab clarence and ram he against the wall all the way down the hallway . cecilia and misty run after they , scream . once in the live room , Eddie get clarence into a headlock , but misty and cecilia jump on top of Eddie . they be all so tangle up , Eddie can not hit clarence . they bang against the wall , then bash into the front door , which close it . they bang against another wall . . eddie I be gonna kill he ! clarence he 's gonna kill I ! cecilia do not kill he ! : eddie I will kill all of ya ! misty we be all gonna be kill ! int . clarence's apartment ( bathroom ) -- night mickey groggily crawl out of the shower stall , mickey God , please wake I up from this nightmare . please wake I up ... int . clarence's apariment ( live room ) ~- night '' the four still .grepple . Eddie hurl misty into a couch . he throws cecilia over a chair . Eddie still have clarence in a head - lock . mickey hobble out 's of the beinrooe , pull up he pants and slip on he shirt . } . t Eddie throws clarence onto the floor . he look down at hin . eddie now I be gonna break you rockabilly face . . mickey see this . he rush over , spin Eddie around , and crunch a uppercut into he gut . Eddie shove mickey into the wall . mickey land a few good shot , then they wrestle with each other . misty and cecilia quickly help clarence to he foot . clarence that do it ! now I be piss ! and when I get piss , girl , watch out ! . nce charge forward , and blindly swing a wild haymaker of a edc :e see it come . he duck . clerence clobber mickey in the face , knock he ¢own and out . clarence and Eddie look at a fall mickey for a moment . Eddie laugh to himself . clarence ( point at mickey ) you see that ? you see that , Eddie ? that 's just a small sample of what you will get messin ' with I , buddy ! ( start dance around Eddie , flick a jab ) c'mon ! I will hand you you ass ! c'mon ! just try it ! c'mon ! edcie wind up , and smashes clarence in the mouth . clarence fall on he butt , out cold . edcéze 's full of macho bravura . cont . _ awe vale eddie 's anybody else ? huh ? anybody else ? clifford charge into the apartment , slamming the front door against Eddie , who smashes head - first into the wall . Eddie drop to the floor , unconscious . misty oh , clifford . what be you do here ? : clifford 's about to respond , but he see the three guy lie on the floor . ' clifford ( meaning guy ) who be they ? ( pause ) never mind . misty , you be comin ' with I . cecilia who 's he ? clifford I be she pimp . . misty ex -pimp . clifford - look , whore -- misty cali-girl . clifford -- you be comin ' with I . clifford grab misty . she knee clifford in the groin . clifford oooww ... clifford drop to he knee . cecilia stuff a waste basket over clifford 's head . he drop to the floor . misty and cecilia look at the four guy sprawle out on the floor . cont . 85 cont . ' 'o cecilia ic pretty disgusting , if you ask I . cecilia pick up the rest of she clothes . misty what be you do ? cecilia I have have enough of man tonight . misty yeah ... and I need to rethink what I want to do with my life . cecilia what be you do now ? misty I be a call - girl . cecilia you know , I could bust you for that . if misty react . cecilia do not worry , I will not . you handle yourself pretty good with that weird - look pimp . misty cecilia maybe you should think about be on the force . misty like Nancy Allen in " robocop " ? ex-pimp . cecilia something like that . misty wow ! I will get my clothes . misty start gather she clothes . co : cont . && cont . meanwhile , the four guy groggily look up at the lady , who be get ready to leave . cecilia make the round , stand over each one . cecilia ( to Eddie ) I do not ever want to see you again , Eddie . and I will never be you partner on the force again either . ( to clarence ) good- bye forever , clarence . ( to mickey ) I be sorry I throw a pie in you face , mickey . actually , you be kind of nice , but never again . I do not like you friend . ( to clifford ) get a new suit . misty take she turn . misty ( to clifford ) .- stay out of my life , clifford . and get a different job . I be sorry , but you be a lousy pimp . ( to Eddie ) I do not know you , Eddie , but I think you be a jerk . ( to mickey ) happy birthday , mickey . hope it 's a@ good one . ( to clarence ) guess what ? I be go to be a cop just like Nancy Allen in '' robocop . '' anyway , thanks for the great time , clarence . call I . misty move next to cecilia . cecilia how would you like a drink , misty ? misty at ronny 's bar ? cecilia I would rather be burn at the stake . I know another place . a lot classier . cont . et ~ cont . of . misty sure . cecilia and misty leave . the four guy struggle to they foot . eddie ( to clarence ) . do you see that ? she leave I . thanks to you I have lose cecilia . clarence what do you mean ? thanks to you I lose cecilia and misty . well , maybe not misty , but --- ( look at clifford ) by the way , who be you ? clifford I be a pimp . mickey : will somebody just once tonight tell I what the hell 's goin ' on ? of '' - . clifford ( look at mickey ) wait a minute . you be the sonuva bitch who be with my whore . clarence call-girl . - eddie Whore ? who care about a whore ? clarence call -girl . clifford I do . : eddie why ? clifford ' Cause she 's my whore . cam clarence i cali-girl . cont . ~ cont . ow om mickey someone pleese tell I what 's goin ' on ! clifford well , now I be dead . no whore --- clarence cali-girl . clifford --- no business . no business , no life . eddie what be you bellyachin ' about ? how about I ? do you know what it 's like to have the woman you love watch you with admiration while you smash some faggot 's head in with you nightstick ? clifford no. eddie it 's ecstacy . . . and now it 's go . clarence Big ass deal . I find the woman of my dream and now she want to run off and become a cop . eddie and what 's wrong with that ? clarence from where I be standin ' , plenty . mickey can not take it anymore . mickey I say , will somebody just tell I what the hell goin ' on ! everybody shut up . they look at mickey , who look like he 's lose he mind . . cont . > ( ~ of will cont . mickey I swear i'll kill the next asshole who talk about anything , and I mean anything at all , that I don't completely ibe wine ! look like a madman , mickey glare at the other three guy , dare anyone to talk in riddle . everyone 's a bit freak . ' Eddie look at clifford . clifford look at Eddie . they both look at clarence . clarence - uh ... you - know , actually , when you think about it , mickey 's get a good point . I mean , we have all be through a lot , and talkin’ about it be gettin’ we nowhere fast . ( to mickey ) know what I mean , pal ? mickey yeah . clarence look at Eddie and clifford . they be listen . clarence okay .. . I suggest we stop dickin ' around , count we loss , lick we wound , and go to ronny 's bar . maybe after a few beer have can make some sense outta all this . eddie ( to clarence ) you buyin ' ? clarence ( grope through pocket in he robe ) tell ya the truth , I do not know where I put my wallet --- Eddie , clifford , and mickey glower at clarence . he can feel the tension . clarence oh , that 's right ! I leave it in my pants in the other room . no problem . I will buy . cont . n\ '' y > -y cont . . clarence look . at the other three guy , wait for some respense . nobody say anything . clarence well , be we goin ' or not ? ( pat mickey on back ) how about it , Mick ? you look like you could use a cold one . mickey take a deep breath . he give in . -mickey all right . clarence okay , okay . clarence look at clifford and Eddie . they have relaxed a bit . clificrd shrug he shoulder . he 's in . Eddie realize he 's odd man cut . eddie ( to clarence ) bring you wallet . clarence all righ :! clarence raise he hand high for a high five . no one give it to he . he clear he throat . clarence right ... uh , I will get dress . int . ronny'' bar -- night the radio 's play elevator music again . with he back to the bar , ronny 's clean glass . he hear the plug get pull on he radio . he turn around and see Eddie , clarence , mickey , and clifford all sit at the bar counter . ronny drop he glass . it shatter on the floor . clarence four beer , ronny . ronny stand freeze , look at they . clarence come on , ronny . what 's the delay ? : cont . of oe cont . ' '' ronny slowly get the beer . he silently place they in front of the four guy . first Eddie , then clarence , then mickey , then clifford . Eddie immediately chug he beer down and be finish by the time clifford get he beer . Eddie belch , then get up from the bar counter . eddie see ya. clarence leavin ' already ? eddie why ? you buyin’ another round ? clarence uh ... well --- eddie look , every night at about this time some asshole be throwin ' a outdoor party . and every time that happen , some of the asshole there be smokin ' dope . and every time that happen , I be there bustin’ head , which be exactly what I feel like doin ' consider the mood I be in right now . everyone look at Eddie . eddie hey , I be mendin’ a break heart . what can I say ? Eddie walk out of the bar . ronny vait until Eddie 's go . ronny Boy , that guy really piss I off . he 's lucky he leave . clarence yeah , I could see the animal rage buildin ' up in you , ronny . ronny it be ! cont . .o c9 mickey . so , who 's that Eddie guy ? clarence cecilia 's boyfriend . mickey I think you be she boyfriend . clarence iwas . I mean , we both be , but now we be not . I mean ... trust I , you do not wanna know . mickey the guy can hit , that 's for sure . knocked I silly in you bathroom . clarence you be pretty bad yourself , Mick . you be right on he layin ' on pain . I be impressed . mickey for a while . after I pull he off you , he catch mé with a punch I do not even see . knocked my light out . clarence it do ? the punch be that hard ? I mean , the second punch ... when we be all fight in the live room . it knock you light right out ? : mickey yeah . clarence gloat , since mickey 's really talk about he punch . clarence ( to himself ) when I get piss , watch out . mickey huh ? clarence nothing . cont . for cc 5 cont . oe uw clifford sniff at he suit . clifford pour clarence look . clifford smell like a trash can . beer on himself . mickey see this . mickey why would you do that ? clifford Rather smell like a drunk then a bum . bad for the image . mickey oh ... at the clock . it 's a few minute past midnight . clarence hey ! that 's it ! it 's past mid - night . : ( to mickey ) it 's you birthday ! mickey clarence ... ronny happy birthday , mickey . ronny give he another beer . ronny on the house . mickey thanks , ronny , I --- clarence all right ! Party time ! mickey clarence ... clifford how old be you ? cont . - '' 2 cont . before mickey can respond : . clarence thirty ! the big three ... oh ! this be a milestone , mickey ! we be gonna party like there 's no tomo --- mickey clarence ! clarence shut up . ronny and clifford freeze . _ mickey ( to clarence ) I would like to talk to you . . outside ... now . mickey leave the bar . clifford and ronny look at clarence . clarence he 's fine . really . everything 's cool . I be gonna go outside and I and mickey will have a little chat , and then we be all gonna party . ronny , get my man , cliff , here , another beer . ronny give clifford another beer . clarence cliff , drink up as much as you want . on the house tonight . ronny hey ... clarence ronny , get out the pretzel , the chip , the dip , and every kindda beer you get . I want it to be beer-city in here when I come back with mickey . ext . ronny'' bar -- night clarence meet mickey outside behind ronny 's bar . cont . co oo ws mickey look , clarence , I appreciate you sentiment . I really do . but _ I just do not vanna party . okay ? ' clarence mickey . . 2 apt you birthday . mi crey you have be say that all night ! I know it 's my birthday . nobody know that more than I . and it 's be a rotten . experience . this have be the worst night of my life . any minute now someone I have never | see before might walk around that corner and punch I in the mouth . what . . . you wanna party , clarence ? Fine . why not buy a birthday cake ? I will go along so I can try it on first to see if it 's the right size . clarence hey , mickey --- mickey I be serious here , clarence . I feel like a soupy sale reject . how many people do you know have ever have a cake and a cream pie smashed into they face in they whole life , let alone one night . and what 's with this everyone seein ' I naked in the shower shit ? you know , I use to like take shower . I find they relax . I really do , but not anymore . now , if I wanna meet a idiot , . I can just jump into the shower . some asshole will show up . clarence become somber . he walk over to the front fender of a car , which protrude from a alley . you can not see the entire car because the building wall block it . clarence sit on the car hood . mickey clarence ? cont . ' cc cont . clarence do not respond . he 's depressed . mickey walk over . mickey clarence , what 's the matter ? clarence you be right . it 's all my fault . mickey what 's you fault ? clarence everything . I fuck up the whole night for you . mickey now wait . I do not say that . clarence it seem like I turn everything to shit . it 's really my fault have get fire . and I ruin you birth - day party . this always happen . like last week when you have be gonna fight that two guy . I jump in to help you and I go and bump you --- mickey hold the phone , pal . now , before you go blamin ' yourself , consider this . . . if you have not accidently bump I and knock I into that fat girl 's banana split , there would not have be a diversion . if there 's be not a diversion , the big guy would not have start laugh , and you would not have be able to sneak up behind he and slug he with the gumball machine . that leave the other guy to I , which be one on one , and , hey , it be a piece of cake . it be teamwork , like it always be with we . clarence yeah . . . like starsky and hutch or crockett and tubb . mickey you get it . cont . be cont . clarence but you be still a little piss . mickey I be not piss . clarence you be piss off . I know you . mickey I be not piss off . you keep sayin ' I be piss off , I might get piss off . . clarence then do eastwood . mickey why cdo I gotta do eastwood ? clarence because if you be not piss off , you can do eastwood , and I know you be piss off . you be ina foul mood . . mickey all right , if I do eastwood , no more talk about I bein ' piss off , or anything bein ' you fault . : clarence nothin 's my fault if you do eastwood . mickey take a moment , then do a impersonation of clint eastwood as dirty Harry . mickey ( clint eastwood voice ) well , what kindda gun you carryin ' there , boy ? oh , a .38 . not a bad gun . let 's see what it can do . ( hold pretend gun to he head ) boon ! ( snort ) well , I just happen to have a .44 Magnum , the most powerful handgun in the world . let 's see if it can blow you head clean off . cont . 98 cont . ~ mickey pretend to shoot a bigger gun at clarence . they both laugh . clarence sit down here . mickey sit on the hood next to clarence . clarence reach in - side he coat and pull out a joint . clarence here . . . goon , take it . it 's from my private stash . mickey take the joint . clarence give he some match . _ clarence tell you what , seein ' as how tonight start on the wrong foot , why do not you light that up , you smoke it , and you relax . and when you be ready , you come back inside . in the mean - time , I will call misty and see if she 's home . and this time , maybe we can get she to bring some friend , and we really will party . mickey misty seem like a nice girl , clarence . clarence yeah , I like she . so , what do you think ? you wanna give the birthday party one more shot ? mickey ( laugh ) why not ? clarence happy birthday , mickey . mickey thanks , clarence . you be my best friend . — they embrace . clarence jump off the car hood . clarence it 's gonna be a wild mornin ' ! cont . ( ~ cont . '' clarence go back inside the bar . mickey laugh . he light up the joint , and take a big drag . he exhales . suddenly , red and blue light start flashing . camera follow mickey as he turn , revealing the rest of the car park in the dark alley . mickey realize he 's sit on the hood of a police car . a cop get out of the car , and shine he flashlight on mickey , who 's hold the joint . mickey react . la i5 vt