" my cousin V " original screenplay by Dale launer V : D ) January 2 , 1992 revision # 1 ( blue January 7 , 1991 revised # 2 . ( pink ) January 23 , 1991 revised GREEN February 7 , 1991 rev . ellow February 8 , 1991 br SE 5 __( goldenro ! February 27 , 1991 ext . alabama back road —- day it 's a sunny , winter day on a paved country in south / western Alabama . in the distance , peak over a lope hill we see a fade metallic green , 1964 buick skylark with a white convertible top and New York plate , as it approach , we see two young man in the car , both with dark hair and sunglass . they look cool . close shot ~ radio a hand turn the dial in search of something contemporary -~ find nothing but country music ... radio ( sing ) if you can not live without I , then why be not you dead ...? »»sand loca ) ad with southern accent , farm report , evangelist , gospel singer , and a woman with marital problem seek guidance from a radio preacher . on the road the two - lane paved country road pass through huge field of cotton plant - little shrub with little , fluffy tuft of white . on the side of the road , every 100 yard or so , we see 6 's X 8 X 20 's truss - up , square - off bale of cotton cover with plastic tarp - wait to be pick up and truck off . up ahead they approach a long bed truck fill with log on the way to a sawmill -- this be also lumber country . they overtake the truck . they also pass a lot of thing you see in the deep south that you do not see up north -- little , ramshackle fruit stand with weather - beat sign say " we accept food stamp , " crude hand - lettere sign offer vidalia onion , pecan , propane , bull for sale , a cattle crossing sign -= - a black silhouette of a cow on a round yellow background with a black border , grain silo -- big and small . int . car back seat a Rolling Stone magazine , a people magazine , and a variety of textbooks : the rhetoric of no , introduction to physics , introduction to political Science , and a welcome to ucla pamphlet -~ this be college kid . also in the back seat be a old ( break ) " ghetto blaster " with a tape come out of it , som empty soda can , junk food wrapper , empty sterno can , a empt : cooler , a map to the south ( and a line draw for the route ) , a variety of sock , sweater , etc. etc . 4 continued : front seat driving the car be bill gambino , 21 , italian - american descent , from New York , optimistic and carefree . the passenger be stan rothstein , also 21 , jewish , pessimistic , analytical and precise . they be bright , college kid in need of a shower and a shave , but they could be confuse for derelict . ext . off the road ~ wood - stan and bill ~ night * campe out . " Bill 's heating up a can of '' bean and frank " over a can of sterno . later that night tucked into sleep bag . we hear bug in the AIR . Stan slap at the bug . Bill be fast asleep . title end . ext . sac-o-suds convenience store ~ morning like a 7 - 11 . Stan and Bill drive up , park and enter . int . sac -o- sud - camera pan over bean camera pull back to reveal Bill and Stan in the can vegetable section , look over the bean . they be hold can of bean , sterno , tortilla -~ anything cheap , all cradle in one arm , use they free hand to pick thing off the shelf , stan ( point ) here 's some for 3 ? cent . bill nlook harder ) here 's some for 32 . stan {victorious ) 31 . they look more . bill I think that 's it . stan ( still look , disappointed ) do not they have generics ? 5 continued : stan I think this be they generic . bill ( point , 31 cent can ) I have never hear of this brand ... ( point , 32 cent can ) +.. maybe we should get this one ... maybe it 's worth the penny . stan ( grab 31 cent can ) Nah ... you be pay for advertising . they walk down the aisle , balance the precarious ' load of can . bill ( see something that catch he eye ) tuna . should we get tuna ? stan ( complain ) oh God , please -- no more tuna . bill it 's get protein . we need protein , stan ( move on ) bean have protein , bill bean make you fart . stan we get a convertible . bill I be gettin’ it for nyself . he reach for it , almost drop what he have ~ and there 's little room for more . so he put the can in he jacket pocket . microwave - Stan be heating up a burrito . the counterman /cashier be a wiry , unfriendly guy . he serve Bill a slush drink -- about two third full , then add up the grocery tab . ( continued ) 5 X 6 continued : 2 ) cashier «+.and one burrito and one large slush , ( punch up total ) $ 21.67 . bill can you fill this up ? the cashier look at the drink , he sigh , then fill it back up and give it back to Bill without comment , the cashier then put the grocery into a brown paper bag as Stan and Bill dig in they pocket . ext . sac-o-suds . Stan and Bill exit , get in they car and leave . Bill drive . nearby be row house - small , box - like house with severely peel paint on dusty - gray , old bare wood , meager ~ look porch , window cover with rusted screen and sagging , rusty metal roof . : int . buick ~ bill and stan - 20 minute later driving along . Bill remember about the tuna in he pocket . he reach into he pocket ... and pull out the can of tuna . he motion for Stan to look . bill look . I ... forget to pay for it . stan ( think ) you could have get catch . ( beat ) what if someone see ? Bill shake he head at the think . it be a dumb thing . stan the law be medieval down here . you know what the minimum age for execution be in Alabama ? bill 16 ? stan ten . Bill can not believe it . he glance in the mirror . ~ 7 continued : rear~view mirror - there 's a cop behind they . bill there 's a cop behind we . stan a cop ? bill there 's nothing to worry about . stan there might be . bill there 's nothing to worry about until there 's something to worry about . stan ( beat ) what 's he do now ? bill ( glance in rear-view ) nothing . stan ' nothing 's -~ he 's still follow we , be not he ? bill he 's not follow we -- he 's just behind we . stan ( beat , beat , beat ) be he still there ? bill ( glance up again ) yeah . stan ( deeply distress ) goddammit . bill calm down . there 's a cop behind we , that 's all . nothing 's wrong . there 's no problen . ( more ) ( continued ) 7 a 6 . continued : ( 2 ) bill ( cont have ) ( glance in rear-view mirror , he heart sink ) uh oh . stan ( terrify ) what ?! what ‘uh oh ’? what ? what ? bill his light ' 's on . Stan be acrush . he slam the dashboard with he fist . stan fuck ! fuck ! goddammit ! goddammit ! what be we go to do ? bill ( pull car over ) it 's probably nothing . a taillight or something , do not worry . stan we do not have money for bail ! bill + ( amused by Stan 's worry ) we do not need money for bail ; nothing 's happen . stan nothing ? you be get pull over be not you ? you steal something , do not you ? ndoom ) we be fuck . ( Bill keep he eye on the mirror ) mirror - the sheriff 's car door open . Stan look at Bill for comment . bill here he come . eat a I the deputy hide behind the door . fyzys1g 7 continued : ( 3 ) deputy # 1 show I you hand . Stan and Bill exchange dumbfounded look . they put they hand up . the deputy rest he pistol on the door . deputy # 1 get out of the car and put you hand on you head , xx 8 int . lineup - bill and stan and other . Stan and Bill be lead into a makeshift lineup room , where they ae stand along a group of man ~ none look remotely like Bill or Stan . Bright , blind light . they have to squint . stan ( whisper to Bill ) ridiculous ~~ all this over a can of tuna ! voice ( firmly ) keep quiet . x 9 ext . sac -o-sud ~ day sheriff farley - a man age around 50 - be watch the dead body of the cashier be photograph . ( continued ) eee a rce ree al a I ren se a a ne nel 9 continued : a deputy enter and whisper to farley . deputy I think we may get a confession , farley leave the shop . he pass a woman , who be very upset . int . woman I just hear that someone shot Jimmy Willis ? farley he 's dead , woman oh my God , who would do such a thing ? farley a couple of boy from New York , I believe . they be just pick gut of the line -up . holding room - bill Bill be alone in a small windowless room , farley enter , hold a clipboard . Bill be fill with deep remorse . a sign saysi no gun allowed in the cell . farley hello Bill , I be sheriff farley . bill hi. farley you know why you be here ? bill yeah , I know . ( with deep remorse ) it be a stupid thing to do . farley have you be make aware of you rights ? ( Bill nod ) you nre willing to waive that right ? ( continued ) 10 continued : bill yes . I be willing to cooperate fully . i/ 11 sign a statement , or whatever make this whole thing easier . farley good. ..good ...good ... bill but , I want you to know that Stan have nothing to do with it . farley be he there when you do it ? bill yes , but he do not know what be go on . farley do he help you plan it ? bill no . I mean , it be not plan out , it just ... happen ... farley do Stan try to stop you at anytime ? bill nowe the sheriff scribbles something on a pad . bill why ? be that a big deal ? farley aid and abetting . bill ( surprised ) aid and abetting . [ be that like a major thing ? farley oh yeah , bill what could they do to he ? { continued ) 10 X 10a 10 . continued : ( 2 ) farley it depend . if he really do not know what be go on - but he do not turn you in ~ it could be ... 10 ~ 20 year . Bill be floor . int - corridor farley leave Bill 's room , enter Stan 's . door slam shut . stan 's room ~ close on stan stan a ‘accessory 's ? be you guy kid ? a ‘accessory ’? I do not help . I do not plan it ... farley but you do not try to stop it ? stan I do not know it be happen ! I find out later , in the car . farley why do not you get out ? call the police then ? stan he 's my friend ! farley you friend have put you in a lotta trouble . stan what 's go to happen to Bill ? farley ( go to door ) nothin 's = unless he 's convict . ' course , if he be , we be gonna run enough electricity through he to light up birninghan . Stan scoff . door slam and echoe . xk 12 2/7/91 ly bill 's room farley 's back , but this time with the deputy # 4 and cassette recorder . bill ... we be friend at nyu and we both apply and get scholarship to ucla . so ...we figure the weather and the scenery would be nicer go through the south ... close shot + the cassette turning - later bill 's . then I forget about the can of tuna fish . and then ... we leave . farley ( beat ) you leave ? what do you mean ? do he catch you with the tuna fish ? be that how it start ? bill no , he do not say anything . farley but , he know about it ? bill I do not know . farley let 's talk about that for a moment . you pay for the grocery . and then what ? bill we go out to the car . that 's it . " a farley but ... when do you shoot he ? bill what ? farley at what point do you shoot the clerk ? ( continued ) 12 X a3 12 . continued : bill ( completely confuse , roll the word over ) I shot the clerk ... farley yes , when do you shoot he ? bill ( give question look to farley ) I shot the clerk . farley nod . Bill be thoroughly dumbfounded . bill = uh ... another deputy come in . deputy hey Dean , we need you out here . farley I be in the middle of a damn confession . frustrate , farley sigh and exit , take the deputy with he . bill wait a second ! but they nre go . int . corridor - day Bill 's handcuff , sit on a bench , when Stan , who be handcuff too , be lead in . Bill 's scared . stan what 's the matter ? bill do you know what this be all about ? stan yeah ~ they be fuck with we . bill you do not believe they ? ( continued ) 13 continued : he lead . 2/7/91 13 , stan no way . they do not execute for shoplift . bill you think we be be book for shoplift ? stan you be be book for shoplift , I '' baing book for accessory to shoplift . bill no , I be be book for murder . 's you be be book for accessory to murder . deputy sheriff # 3 time to make you phone call . daze , they follow . bill be there anyway you can contact you parent ? stan how ? call the chilean Consulate ? what be they go to do ? send a guide into the mountain look ' for they ? ( beat ) we have to call a attorney -~ a great attorney -- do you know any great attorney ? bill no . I be call my mother , Bill pick up the phone and dial . bill hello , ma ? this be bill. ( beat ) we be in wahzoo . ( beat ) it 's in beechum County , Alabama . ( with difficulty ) not too good . uh ... we have be arrest . ( more ) ( continued ) 13 continued : 2/7/91 ( 2 ) bill ( cont would ) ( reacting to hysteria ) Mom , please ... mom. Mom ... ( she 's " calm " , then see ) first of all , we do not do it . ( beat ) uh...well ... murder . ( reacting to she hysteria} Mom , please , Mom , please ' ( beat ) it 's a fuck up , excuse I ma , its a mistake . we must look like the guy who do it . ' stan tell she what we think ... bill we think they be set we up as patsy . you know how corrupt it be down here - they all know each other ... stan the klan 's here , they be inbred , they sleep with they sister ... ( he realize the guard be glaring at he ) «+. some of they do . bill we gotta get a attorney . it 's go to cost a lot of money . stan a decent one ? fifty , a hundred thousand dollar , ( continued ) 14 , 13 X 1 px - 4a be through 16 continued : ext . back 2/7/91 3 ) bill ( to phone ) 50 , maybe a hundred thou ... ( beat , excited ) I know ! ( beat , to Stan ) can we use any attorney ? stan I think so . bill ( to Mom ) oh ! he be ?! that 's a great idea ! that 's a great ideal you think he have do it ? ( to Stan ) we get a attorney in the family ! stan who ? bill my cousin , vinny . of courthouse ~ day Stan and Bill be escort into prison van . high angle to 2 shot of Stan and Bill as the van door slam shut . int . van > stan and bill ~ day omitted driver we jail have be condemn that 's why we be bringin '' you all out to the state correctional facility . 15 . crane down from + oe 17 17b x18 19 draft 2/4/91 16 . ext . prison ~ day a few dozen , one story , bleak - look bungalow , a couple administration building surround by barb - wired@ fence . just outside the fence , a dozen aclu member demonstrate against the death penalty . placard mention a guy name norton - ( " only God can condemn norton . " " if norton die , so do humanity " etc . ) norton 's gaing to be execute in a few day . int . van ~ stan and bill = day a® a driver — — — — x jail have be condemn facility . ext . prison ~ day the van stop in front of the administration building . int . MAIN cell block of prison - late afternoon as Stan and Bill be lead to a cell . the other inmate - big , vicious ~ look man ~ spark up when they see the slightly - build , clean- cutnlook young man . they hoot , cheer , and wolf - whistle . stan and bill 's cell a tiny room with a toilet , a chair , a sink and a double bunk bed , Bill and Stan enter - the door be shut behind they . Bill sit . Stan pace - terrify . he see a fold cot against the wall . stan you know what happen in this place ? bill yeah ... stan and sometimes there 's a big guy no one want to tangle with who / 1ll ' protect you 's ~ but you have to become he sex slave and do anything he want . ( continued ) * er draft 2/4/91 13 continued : bill there 's only the two of we here . stan ( indicate cot ) but what if they put someone else in here ? Bill look at Stan . bill Stan - shut up ! be x22 int . conference room at prison - day Bill 's on the phone - he look elate . at a guard . ° int . cell Stan be nearly catatonic with fear . Bill be lead to the cell he hang up and grin and be strikingly optimistic by contrast . bill all right , vinny ' 's leave within the hour - he 's drive ali night , he should be here tomorrow . he say S ' do not worry , you problem be over , 's Stan pump Bill for positive - sounding information . stan great . so , what 's the story ? he 's some kind of a hot shot attorney ? bill wait till you meet he ! ext . wahzoo CITY square it 's a typical , small town Alabama courtyard - a colonial - style courthouse in the middle , surround by grass . ( continued ) er sr so 2 ay asean irn ar be 22 2/8/91 18 , continued : a cannon , or a statue of rober : E. Lee . the street around the courthouse have all the little store that service the small community of 2000 ; western Auto , ez Finance company , a single floor , 3000 square foot department store , a " package " store ( liquor store} . many of the sign be do in hand lettering . some of the store be so run down it 's hard to tell if they have be abandon or not . there be a few people walk past . the set be quiet , benign , serene . wa hear bird chirping . it be small town in every way . then , we hear in the distance the bass from a high - powered car stereo ( thumpa thumpa thumpa ) . a obese woman in a floral - print dress stop and turn toward the sound . it be unusual indeed . she watch unapprovingly as she see ... .-.a perfectly - restore , but muddy - around ~ the - wheel 1961 cadillac coupe de ville convertible . as the car approach , we can identify the music - hip -hop - it 's tone loc 's funky cold medina . the car park in front of the courthouse and stop . silence . the driver 's door open and out step vincent LA guardia gambone , a tough New York italian - american . he 's be up drive for twenty hour straight and he look it ~ unshaven , wrinkle clothes and bloodshot eye . he look unquestionably tough - you have want he on you side in a gang fight . he 's wear Ray - ban , and a weathered black leather blazer . he carry a deck of card in he shirt pocket . get down on he knee , he check out the front end of the ear for something be wrong . 4 the passenger door open and lisa , vinny 's girlfriend , get out and stretch . Lisa 's pretty , with perfectly - coiff , jet-black hair . she 's more appropriately dress for a New York club than the deep south , which in this part , look downright trampy . she 's get a small , instant~everything camera - and she take picture of anything that look interesting . vinny ( thick Brooklyn accent ) Boy , do you stick out . lisa ( same accent ) I ? what about you ? vinny I fit in more than you ... she walk ' round the car into view - wear very short black skirt , black tight and shoe , she 's get long leg . 22 2/8/92 19 . continued : ( 2 ) vinny +- I be wear cowboy boot . lisa ( dryly ) oh yeah , you ' blend 's . as vinny look around the car , Lisa glance around at the neighborhood , take picture . lisa I bet the chinese food here be terrible . vinny ( sarcastic to death ) oh yeah , you be gonna ' blend 's perfectly . get up , indicate car 's front suspension . vinny nothing out of whack as far I see . lisa it feel like the wheel go out of balance right after we hit that mud . a black man with a gold STAR imbed into he tooth be walk past . he stop and watch as vinny look over the wheel . vinny Nah , I do not think that 's it , lisa I think you should put it ona rack an@ take a look . STAR what 's wrong ? vinny car shudder on the highway . do not hit any bump , but ... STAR opoint to wheel ) you get mud in you tire . ( continued ) 20 , 22 continued : ( 3 ) vinny I get mud in my tire ? how could I get mud into the tire ? STAR well ... it 's a figure of speech . it get in around the inside of the wheel and throw the balance off . vinny {to Lisa ) you ever hear of that ? mud in the tire ? '' lisa no. vinny ( to Star ) and she know everything about car . Star laugh at the joke . vinmy 's amused at Star 's amusement . Lisa say nothing . STAR down here , everybody get stick in the mud now and then . we / ’/re famous for we mud . lisa famous for you mud ? ( beat ) how 's you chinese food ? 23 int . cell - stan and bill ~ day Bill 's asleep , Stan be pace . we hear a brutal fight be broken up someplace - and it 's really brutal - we hear the sound of flesh smack against cement , clothes rip . Stan freeze in horror . ( continued ) , wp ? 21 . 23 continued : vicious voice ( o.s. ) you mutha ~ fucka , i‘m gonna split '' ou in two ! stop you fuckin 's crying 's or I all tear you fuckin 's head off you fuckin 's shoulder . ! other voice ( o.s. , desperate ) no ! oh GOD , no ! stop ! help ! help ! somebody help ! then we hear silence as he voice be mysteriously muffle . Stan turn away in horror , he face against the back wall of the c@ll . we hear footstep approaching . the guard open the cell , let vinny in . vinny slip the guard a tip . the Guard close the cell door . Stan do not know that vinny be vinny . he suspect the worst . oe guard * here , I have get somebody for you . t vinny you must be Stan , ~ ( extends he hand ) how ya doin 's ? stan ( shrug , cautiously shake hand ) why would they bring you in here ? vinny I just get in . I ask where the new guy be so they bring I here . ( look at Bill , fondly ) hey , he 's sleepin’ , cute little guy . despite he raunchy appearance , vinny 's friendly - which Stan misconstrue to be a cat play with a mouse . he avoid meeting vinny 's eye . stan I ...do not want to ... do this . he sit . vinny step behind he and start massage he * shoulder . * ( continued ) 21a . 23 continued : ( 2 ) vinny I do not blame you , if I be in you situation , I no want to get through this whole thing over as quickly and with as little pain as possible . so let try we best to make this thing a simple in and out procedure . ( continued ) ki a en be atl enr a min ne Rt nmp ET re be ol ar cm ple a continued : ( 2 ) Stan say nothing . vinny come over and put he hand on Stan 's shoulder , massage it , be comforting . Stan 's worst fear be confirm . vinny maybe we should spend a coupla minute to - get acquainted before we , you know , get to it . Stan squirm away from vinny , keep he back to the wall . vinny whatsa matter ? stan I do not want to do this . vinny I understand , but what be you alternative ? stan my alternative ? to what ? to you ? I do not know - suicide <- death . vinny no . it 's either I ... ( joke , point to prison block ) ++.0r they ! you be gettin’ fuck one way or the other ! ( Stan do not laugh , he 's almost in tear ) hey , hey , hey , lighten up , do not worry , I be go to help you . stan gee whiz , thanks . vinny ( beat , lose patience ) Excuse I , I think a modicum of gratitude be not out line . stan ( outrage ) you think I should be grateful ? ( continued ) ( ae 23 2/7/91 23. continued : ( 4 ) vinny ( mildly miff ) sure , I mean , it 's you ass , not mine , I think you should be grateful - I think you should be on you fuckin’ knee . stan ( disgust , then ... ) I do not know what a honor it be to get a visit from you . ' vinny ( piss -off ) you be 's get 's I for free pall I be doin 's you a favor , you little shit ! stan Boy , that 's one helluva ego you have get . vinny ( almost lose it ) what the fuck 's you problem ? I do not come down here just to gat jerk off ... stan ( interrupt ) I be not jerk you off . I be not do anything ! vinny you be on you own , pal ... ( point to Bill ) I be just takin 's care of this guy . ( to Bill ) hey , sleepin 's beauty , wake up ! vinny sit on the bed next to Bill . Stan grab vinny and ball a fist . Bill stir , wake , see vinny , smile warmly . bill ( warmly put on strong italian - Brooklyn accent ) hey ... / vinny-bag-a~donuts 's ! vinny and Bill embrace warmly . stan ( stunne , realize ) oh! vinny ? this be vinny ? iio I 24 , x24 int . conference room ~- vinny , stan and bill Bill 's waxing enthusiastic , Stan be hope against hope . bill I have tell Stan so much about you . he could not wait to meet you . vinny ( skeptically ) oh yeah ? bill he have lot of question to ask you . go on , Stan . stan . well , I do not know where to 's start .... have you have any murder case before ? vinny no.. this would be ny first . stan you first ? what have you other case be ? assault and battery ? armed robbery ? vinny no , none of that . bill I expect he 's do burglary , grand theft auto , drug ...? vinny nope . nothing like that . bill ( confuse ) vinny , you be a criminal attorney , be not you ? vinny actually , this will be my first foray into the criminal arena . stan ( crush ) first time ? ( he look at Bill , then at vinny ) what kind of law do you practice ? sne aef they a le nro they ngnmaene tet ( continued ) 24 continued :: 2/7/91 25 . vinny up ' till now , personal injury . ( laugh ) it just keep gettin’ worse here do not it ? get any more question ? stan but you be a trial attorney ? personal injury trial ? vinny actually , this will be my first foray into the trial process - I have not have to go to court yet ' ~ knock on wood . stan it do get worse . ( beat ) you have not be to court yet , uh , how ... long have you be practice ? vinny six ... week ... ( correct himself ) ++ .almost six week . stan look at Bill , with a hopeless ' what be this ? 's expression . bill but ... you graduate from law school six year ago , what have you be do since ? vinny study for the bar . a stan six year ? that 's a lotta study . vinny no kid . ( slightly embarrassed ) ' to be honest with you , I do not pass the first time out . stan mid you pass the second time ? ( continued ) 2/7/91 26 . ( 2 ) vinny no , I be afraid not . stan ( hopefully ) Three time 's a charm ? vinny not for mar it be not . no , for mar , six time be a charm ... I be a iittle dyslexic . stan 's ( aghast ) six time ... it just get worse and worsa . vinny no , that 's it , that 's as bad as it get , it do not get no worse than this . * ee 24a n25 27 . int . courtroom ~ day vinny walk through the empty courtroom , int . judge 's chamber - judge and vinny ~ late afternoon the most noticeable thing about the judge 's chamber be the vast expanse of book lining the wall . vinny 's seat in front of sudge chamberlain haller . vinny be wear a shirt and pants , no jacket or tie . judge a little informal be not we ? not wear a coat or tie . vinny oh. sorry . judge well , approve a attorney from out of state be a pretty informal matter . I just have a few question . vinny Fire away , judge . judge where do you go to law school ? vinny Brooklyn Academy of Law . vinny look up and see the judge 's law diploma - from Yale ~summa cum laude . judge the Brooklyn Academy of Law ? be that a accredite law school ? the judge 's subtly elitist response make vinny instantly feel he have somehow flunk the first question . vinny ( lie ) oh ...yes . judge how long have you be practice ? vinny ( succumb to lie big ) I have say about ...oh...gix ... almost six ... sixteen year , ( continued ) 25 continued : 28 . judge any murder case ? vinny oh , quite a few , yes . judge and what be the outcome ? vinny well , you know : win some , lose some . judge this be not the forum to be cavalier . vinny of course not , lemme see , most recently I have a ax murder - which I win on grounds of temporary insanity - would you like to hear the fact of the case ? judge no .. what else ? vinny I have a cop killer ... ( shake head ) '' + + lose that one . judge good . vinny you have hear of Son of Sam ? judge the fellah who receive order to kill from a dawg ? vinny yes , that 's right . judge you defend he ? vinny I defend the first guy they arrest ~ who be find innocent . then they catch the real guy . ( continued ) a ol a or SE ao a no I eae 29 . 25 continued : ( 2 ) vinny 's try to impress the judge have a deleterious effect '' the judge have a fear of appear backwards . judge well ...we do not have any ' serial killer 's in beechum County , but what we do have be every bit as sophisticated a system of justice as they do in the rest of the country . ( beat ) you be from New York and all , might have the impression that law be practice with a degree of informality down here . it be not . ( explain ) I tell you this because I want you to know when it come to procedure , I be not a patient man . I advise you sir , when you cone into my courtroom , you be to know the letter of the law ~ I will react harshly when I find you do not . do not think be from New York that you be gonna get special treatment . you will not . you will be give no leeway whatsoever . he take a official - look , 700 page book title Alabama rule ef criminal procedure off a shelf , and put it on the desk in front of vinny . judge I expect you to know this information when you enter ny courtroom . be you be willing to accept that tern ? vinny ( pick up book ) no problen . < 0 ee a a ea RA no ain not waist 20 . 26 omitted 27 int . cell ~ stan and bill - day Stan 's upset and Bill 's optimistic . stan ++.the ' the Brooklyn Academy of Law 's be a correspondence school ! it 's not even a accredite school ! bill so ? he pass , do not he ? stan eventually . Bill - he 's not a eriminal attorney - he 's not even a trial attorney . he 's a personal injury attorney . we can not go into a murder trial represent by a personal injury attorney . bill he 's never lose a case ... stan it 's impossible to losa a case because it cost more to the insurance company to fight than to settle . that 's not like win , that 's more like legal extortion . bill so , what do you want to do ? stan I do not know ... ( think hard ) what be we option ? - they think ~ for the moment they have no option . 's xo ext . HOTEL - after sunset a beautiful red sunset contrast with a ugly weather - beat sign in handdrawn paint that simply say HOTEL . next door , but share the same building of the hotel , be a greasy spoon with one of that beat - up , simple , no -frill standard issue coca cola sign common throughout the south - the kind with white below that read wahzoo Grill in very simple black script . even ae wna ... vinny 's car stop at the Hotel . vinny and Lisa get out , and look at it . semen ae ae mene ~ 29 xo v1 2/7/31 3I . int . HOTEL room - night it 's small , and barely furnish . Lisa 's on the bed , wear a robe , look over the room . vinny come out of the bathroom , he 's hold the book on court procedure . he sit on the bed . lisa this be go to be great . ' vinny 's first case . 's so , what can I do ? what can I do to help ? vinny shake hie head ~ can not think of anything , and start read . Lisa 's frustrated . lisa nothing ? ' vinny : no. . vinny keep read . Lisa look around , wonder what to do , she feel anxious . vinny pick up on it . he pulis out the pack of card from he shirt pocket and give it to Lisa . she look at he , she do not get it . - lisa what ? vinny somethin 's to do ; play solitaire . not exactly what she have in mind . vinny turn back to the book . it 's difficult fer he to read . she take a picture of hin . vinny 's p.0.v . - close shot - print in book some of the letter be reverse - vinny be not kid when he say he be a little dyslexic . en ext . HOTEL - early in the morning ( dawn ) it 's quiet and peaceful - just what you have expect early in the morning in a small town . we hear the shrieking blast of a steam whistle ~ from the nearby mill . it 's such a powerful blast of sound ... the hotel window vibrate slightly . int . vinny 's HOTEL , room ~ morning vinny jump out of bed . Lisa cover she ear . vinny what the fuck be that ? 31 32 X 33 2/7/91 32. continued : vinny go to the window , open it . he see the beechum saw mill company , all light up . it 's even louder ... vinny yell , but we can not hear he . finally it stop . Lisa 's hand come down off she ear . lisa what the hell be that ? vinny it come from that big industrial - look building . ( squint ) I think it 's a ... baaaaaoooo ! it ! the whistle blows again , close shot ~ steam whistle ~ it 's a old brass whistle , about two foot tall and a half a foot thick , a enormous blast of steam burst from its mouth , send a gray plume into the air . the blast stop . vinny close the window . omitted int . wahz0o diner ~ vinny and lisa ~ early morning the place be empty . vinny and Lisa come in and sit down . sunius , a heavy - set , gray black man in a-too~small , ' stay~prest 's shirt be at the griddle behind the counter . vinny ( to Junius ) what 's the story with that ineredibly loud whistle at 5:30 this morning ? junius '' it 's a whistle . vinny I know it 's a whistle . I just say , what 's the story with that incredibly loud whistle ? ( continued ) 33 continued : junius steam whistle . at the see mill . tell people it 's time to get up . you can hear it for mile . vinny I can believe that . they do it every morning ? junius every morning . ( beat ) you want two breakfast ? vinny please . 33 . Junius spoon a fist-size slug of lard onto the griddie . Lisa and vinny exchange disgust look . vinny {to Junius ) be you guy familiar with the cholesterol problem go on ? junius what ? vinny cholesterol ? you know ? fat. get in the bloodstream ? clog thing up ? Junius stare at he . do not get it . minute later Junius serve they breakfast - egg , bacon and grit . look at the breakfast . vinny point to some kind of greasy - look grain on the plate . vinny what 's this ? junius you never hear of grit ? vinny oh , sure , I hear of grit . ( stare at it ) I have just never actually see a grit before ...or , have it serve on my plate . , .or eat one before , vinny 34 . _ 33 . continued : ( 2 ) vinny notice Lisa 's watch he , but not eat . vinny you gonna try it ? lisa you first . Lisa take out she camera , poise to document vinny 's first taste of grit . vinny stare at grit , look at Junius . vinny so , what be a grit , anyways ? se junius it come from corn . hominy grit . vinny hominy . ( this mean nothing to he ) how do you cook a grit ? junius simmer it in salted water for about 15 to 20 minute . then you put it on a plate . with a little butter . vinny try a small portion of it . Lisa snap a picture . vinny show no expression of like or dislike . he swallow . he think . vinny well ... I have try grit . 34 int . courtroom - day it 's line with old , dark wood , have water stain here and peel paint there - this be a poor county and repair be a long time come . there 's also a Alabama and United States flag . vinny and Lisa come in , approach the gate and stop . vinny 's wear he black leather blazer . he look to the bailiff , who wave he in , point to the table on the right . vinny go and sit . jim trotter , the d.a. , a formidable - look man with salt and pepper hair come in . something about he be supremely confident . he look at vinny . he have a strong Alabama accent . cen meo lk ah ncr nyrr tl hn sneed ( continued ) ty j4a . 34 continued : trotter be you attorney here ? ( continued ) i = ant rrna er th a rn eat rnr ae ae be er meet a a 34 35 . continued : vinny I be the attorney . trotter ( friendly , shake vinny 's hand ) Jim trotter the third , district attorney , beechum county . vinny ( rise ) Vincent La guardia gambino , Brooklyn . the lady bailiff lead Stan and Bill in , and sit they down with vinny . Bill whisper to vinny . bill when 's my mom come down here ? vinny not for a while , bill ( shocked ) why not ? vinny i...2 do not wanna tell you . she ' 's in the hospital . right after she speak to you she speak to I , right after she speak to I she have a heart attack . stan {to himself ) I be not surprised ! vinny she ' 's gonna he fine , in a couple of week she ' 1ll be out . - stan but will we ? bailiff here ye , hear ye , here ye . all rise . the judge enter and everyone rise . the judge sit . ( continued ) * 34 continued : 36 . ( 2 ) clerk be seat . first case : the people of the State of Alabama versus William Robert gambino and stanley Marcus rothstein , vinny be seat . the judge judge counselor , you client be charge with first degree murder . how do they plead ? vinny you honor ... judge ( interrupt , insulted ) do not talk to I sittin’ in that chair . vinny ( point to bailiff ) he tell I to sit here , be this ... judge ( interrupt ) when you be address this court , you will rise and speak to I in a clear , intelligible voice . vinny oh ... sorry . ( rise ) my client ... squint at vinny 's clothes . vinny self - consciously check he fly - but it 's close . the judge interrupt again . judge what ’ra you wear ? vinny ( confuse ) I '' ... wear ... clothes - I do not get the question . judge when you come into my court look like you do , you not only insult I , but you insult the integrity of this court . ( continued ) 34 continued : 37 . q ) vinny I apologize , sir , but this be how I dress . judge next time you come into my courtroom , you will look ' lawyerly 's - and I mean you will comb you hair , and wear a suit and tie = and that suit better be make out of some kind of ... cloth . do you understand I ? vinny 's take back by all this . he capitulate . the judge vinny Fine . that 's just fine , sir . judge good . you may continue . how do you client plead ? gesture for vinny to continue . vinny my client be catch completely by surprise - they think they be be arrest for shoplift a can of tuna . judge ( beat , confuse ) what be you tell I ? that they plead not guilty ? vinny I be just try to explain ... judge I do not want to hear explanation . the State of Alabama have its procedure and that procedure at this point in time be to have a arraignment . be we clear on this ? Stan do not like what 's go on . he look at Bill , who be confuse . ( continued ) rye over 34 continued : the judge 38 . ( 5 ) vinny ( beat ) yes , but there 's a great deal of confusion go on here , ny client do not ..- judge ( interrupt ) Mr. gambone , all I ask from you be a very simple answer to a very simple question . there be only two way to answer it : guilty or not guilty . vinny ( grow impatient ) you honor , my client do not do anything , they be innocent , and ... judge once again the communication process have break down . it appear to I that you want to skip the arraignment process , go directly to trial , skip that and get a dismissal . I '' not about to revamp the entire judicial process because you find yourself in the unique position of defend client who say they ' do not do it 's . the only thing be try today be my patience . ( slowly , condescendingly ) now , the next word out of you mouth will either be ' guilty 's , er ' not guilty 's . if I hear anything other than ' guilty 's or ' not guilty 's , you 'il be in contempt . I do not want to hear commentary , argument or opinion , I do not even want to hear you clear you throat - because if you do , you will be in contempt . I hope I have be clear . now ... ( slowly ) ... how do you client plead ? wait for vinny 's next word . ( continued ) a a ee tc o. + sft 39 , 34 ° continued : ( 6 ) vinny ( belligerently ) I think I get the point , I ... judge ( interrupt ) no , I do not think you do . you be now in contempt of court . would you like to go for two count of contempt ? the judge make a motion with he hand that the ball be in vinny 's court . vinny * not guilty '. judge thank you ! bail will be set at $ 200,000 . a preliminary hearing will be set for 9:30 be tomorrow morning . ( to prosecutor ) be that sufficient time ? prosecutor yes , you honor , judge bailiff , please take Mr. gambone into custody . his bail will be set at $ 200 . ( continued ) '' ews we eee 2/7/92l 40 . continued : ( 7 ) the judge exit . bailiff all rise as the judge leave . the bailiff come over and lead vinny , Bill and Stan from the roon . as vinny leave , he yell ' vinny lisat you be gonna have to bail I out . int . van on road to prison - bill and stan 's Stan be depressed . Bill be very uncomfortable . camera pan to back seat . vinny 's in the back , watch the scenery , cheerfully whistling " Dixie " . Stan look at vinny , baffle . int . jail cell - vinny thru bar ~ day vinny wait patiently . tha guard unleck the cell . ext . prison - day Lisa 's wait with fold arm , lean against the wall , hold a camera - as vinny come out she take a picture of he . they walk through the pack of protestor to the parking lot . lisa - so they be gonna nuxe this norton guy this weekend ? vinny od yeah . lisa you get one huge responsibility take on this murder case - you screw up not that boy get fry . ( continued ) 37 2/7/92 continued : vinny ( wearily ) I know . lisa you think you know what you be doin ' ? vinny yeah . lisa because it do not look like you know what you wera dein’ in that courtroom today . why be that ? vinny | well ... it 's all procedural crap . I be gonna have to learn it as I go . lisa *® learn as you go " ? you do not ~- learn that in law school ? vinny ( scoff ) Nah ... they teach precedent , contract , interpretation ... you be suppose to learn procedure from the firm that hire you , or else you go to court and watch . lisa have you be do that ? vinny between the garage and the night school , where be I go to find the time ? ( guilty ) I have plan on take a few month off this summer to do it . ( beat ) but it 's no big deal . they reach the car and get in . lisa be you sure ? vinny yeah , I be sure . 4l . 38 jat . 2/7/91 omitted ext . roadside bar -b-q - day vinny be buy some greasy food for they both . lisa I do not see how you know you can be so sura , when you do not know what it be you be suppose the , know . vinny let I explain . 's they sit at picnic table and eat . vinny ( cont . ) it 's a procedure , that 's all . like ... rebuild a carburetor have a procedure . Lisa give he a question look . ( continued ) 42 . 39 continued : ebrare 4/01 + vinny ( cont . ) see , the first thing you do be take the carburetor off the manifold . but suppose you skip the first step and try to rebuild the carb while it 's still on the manifold ? and then let 's say while you nre replace a jet , you accidentally drop the jet and it qoe down the carb , roll down the manifold and into the head ? you be fuck . you just learn the hard way that you be suppose to remove the carburetor first . so that 's what happen today . I just learn the hard way . this be actually a good experience what happen today . lisa you know what I think ? honestly ? I think , once you be out there , a@oing the thing out there , I think you will be great . really great . ( beat ) if you do not fuck up . vinny I will n not fuck up . ( continued ) ob oe + 43 . 39 continued : ( 2 ) lisa there be one problen . ( think ) we can not afford to bail you out again = I already cashed in half the traveler 's check . [ do not want to bounce a check so I try hustling the money , but I get stiffe , so I have to cash in the traveler 's check ... vinny ( interrupt ) hustle ? what do you mean hustle ? X 40 ext . pool hall a crudely lettere sign read : " Pool and Chicken . " vinny 's cadillac park out front . they get out . 41 int . pool hall - afternoon it 's a pretty rag-tag room , teeming with redneck . vinny and Lisa enter . the place go quiet - a stranger be in they midst . Lisa point to a guy . vinny approach he . vinny ( hand out to shake ) hello , Vincent La guardia gambone . but j.t. just stare at vinny . lisa his name 's j.t. vinny ( politely , indicate ) j.t. , 2 believe you and Lisa play a game of pool for $ 200 and she win . I be hera to collect . j.t. ( interrupt ) how would you like I to kick you ass ? ( continued ) 44 . 41 continued : vinny a ' counter -offer 's . that 's what we lawyer - I be a lawyer ~ that 's what we lawyer call a counter - offer . okay . ( beat ) let I see . it 's a tough choice ; get my ass kick or ... collect $ 200 , ..hmm ... {to himseif ) '' ++ I could use a good ass-kick ... ( then , decisively ) Nah , .. i’11 take the 200 dollar . 3.27 be not amused , but the guy be . j.t . over ny dead body . vinny you like to renegotiate as you go along ? all right . so , it 's either I get my ass kick , or ... kill you and collect $ 200 . be that right ? j.t. be silent , vinny 's get he confuse . vinny then here 's my counter - offer : do I have to kill you ? what if I just , .. kick the everlovin’ shit out of you ? j.t . in you drean . vinny no , in reality ~ if I kick the shit cut of you , do I get the money ? j.t. ( amused ) if you kick the shit out of I ? yeah , sure , you get the money . vinny look over at another guy and notice he be wear a neck brace . he give he a silent , friendly smile . ( continued ) 41 continued : ( 2 ) vinny ( point to he neck ) what happen ? rear-ended ? * neckbrace no , I fall . vinny ( disappointed , then back to j.t. ) all right ... let an see if we agrea on term - the choice now be I get my ass kick or ...option B ... ( much prefer the latter ) '' + I kick you ass and get ... $ 200 ! ( beat ) I be goin’ with ... option B - kick you ass and get $ 200 . j.t . we gonna fight now ? vinny yes , but first , show I the money . j.t. I have the money . vinny show it to I . j.t. I can get it . vinny you can " get it " ? all right , get it , then we 'il fight . ( beat , to neckbrace , optimistically ) D 's you fall at you place or somebody 's else 's ? neckbrace my place . vinny ( disappointed ) shit . ~ xa ext . pool hall - day vinny and Lisa come out and get into the caddy . vinny what be you doin 's bettin’ guy with no money ? you know better ' 'o that . lisa I be in a hurry , my man be in jail . what be I suppose to do ? run a credit check ? vinny and Lisa drive away . 42a omitted ww 43 ext , exercise yard - stan and bill ~ day they nre argue . ( continued ) oe lee 8 ses ed 7 . 43 continued : stan he blow the arraignment ! it 's a simple procedure ~- you hear what the judge say ~- all he have to say be ' guilty 's or ' not guilty 's . we could have do that . '' bill so ... what be you say ? stan you see what happen in there . do you want to stay with he after . that ? oe bill shit , Stan , I do not want to fire he . it would upset my mom too much , she health be delicately balanced right now . stan and I appreciate that , but should you die for that ? would not you mom be even more upset if you die ? Bill be tongue-ty - he can not seem to explain what he want to explain . bill the thing be , give the chance , I think he can do a go job . stan ie no , you be wrong . * bill ( shake head ) I do not know , there 's something about a gambone in a courtroom 's that just seem ... right . stan ( with deep disbelief ) why ? why do you think that ? Bill take a moment to gather he thought , then ... ( continued ) a saa enmenmeeenne ove reeeee rene recreate cee et er rae arena not eam a no re 43 44 continued : 48. ( 2 ) bill it 's hard to describe . you have to see the gambino in action . this people love to argue -- they live to argue . stan my parent argue ~ that do not make they good lawyer . bill ( amused , and not at all convinced by the comparison ) Stan ? I have see you parent argue . trust I , they be . amateur . int . HOTEL room ~ close shot ~ book on procedure vinny finish the introduction . camera pull back to full shot of the room . vinny 's on the bed , read . Lisa 's nearby play solitaire . we hear a drip coming from the bathroom . it annoys vinny . vinny be that a drip I hear ? lisa yeah ? vinny well , be not you the last one to use the bathroom ? lisa so? vinny do you use the faucet ? lisa yeah . vinny why do not you turn it off ? lisa I do turn it off . ( continued ) 44 continued : 49 . vinny tf you turn it off , then why be I listen to it ? lisa do it ever occur to you that it could be turn off and drip at the same time ? vinny no . because if it be turn off , it would not drip . lisa maybe it 's break . vinny be that what you be say ? that it 's break ? lisa yeah , that 's it , it 's break . vinny ( beat , toy ) ' be you sure 's ? Bill 's right , this guy love to argue - and he 's apparently net he match . lisa positive . vinny maybe you just do not twist it hard enough . lisa I twisted it just right . vinny how can you be so sure ? lisa because I use 16 foot pound of torque . vinny be that a adequate amount of torquage ? ( continued ) 44 continued : 50 . ( 2 ) lisa ( toss he people magazine ) look in the manual , you ' will see that particular nodel faucet require a range of 10 to 16 foot pound of torque . I routinely twist to the maximum allowable torquage . vinny how can you be so sure you use 16 foot pound of torque ? lisa because I use a craftsman model 10 - 19 , laboratory edition , signature series torque wrench ~ the kind use by Cal tech high - energy physicist , and NASA engineer . vinny how do you know it be accurate ? lisa ( grab tampon box ) because , a split -second before the torque wrench be apply to the faucet handle , it have be calibrate by top member of the state and federal department of weight and measure to be dead - on balis-accurate . ( toss he direction from tampon box ) here 's the certificate of validation . vinny ' dead~on -ball -accurata 's ? lisa it 's a industry tern . vinny listen , we hear the drip continue . vinny well , I guess the goddamn thing be break . vinny pull Lisa down onto the bed . this whole thing be some weird kind of foreplay for they . 44 45 46 47 43 sl. continued : { 3 ) they start kissing , get a little entangle when suddenly vinny stop . vinny I should not do this , I should work . he pick up the book . Lisa 's revve - up , she motor 's run , she 's frustrated but she understand . still ~- she go into the bathroom . we hear the shower go on . close shot ~ night stand ~- later vinny fold page 20 in the book and set it on the night stand next to a clock that read 2:00 . ext . HOTEL ~ very early morning we hear the steam whistle . int . HOTEL vinny wake with a jerk . he forget about the whistle . vinny we gotta move ... int . courtroom - day the preliminary hearing have start . trotter have the floor with a witness on the stand . his first witness , constance riley , a skinny black woman , around 60 , riley «.. then I hear two loud ' bang 's like firecracker . I look up and see two young man run out from the sac-0 - sud , jump into a green car with a white convertible top and drive off like the dicken , tire spin . vinny and the boy vinny sit with the boy . Lisa be right behind they in the public section , lean forward , almost with they , not miss a beat . vinny look tired . he write a occasional note . ( continued } $ 2 . 48 continued : trotter and witness stand trotter Mrs. riley , be that two young man present in the courtroom today ? riley yes , they be . trotter can you point they out for I ? riley ( point at Stan and Bill ) they be sit right there . Bill and Stan look at each other , dumbfounded . trotter show a photo of the buick to riley . trotter be this the car ? riley yes it be . trotter let the record show that constance riley identify the defendant 's car . Stan and Bill exchange reaction of doom . witness stand ~ SAM tipton - later that day trotter have another witness on the stand - SAM tipton , a toughnlook , obese man of 45 . tipton I be make breakfast . I see ... nindicate Stan and Bill ) ... that boy there go into the store . then later , I hear a gunshot , look out the window , and they run out and get in they car and drive off . trotter show the photo of the buick to tipton . trotter be this the car ? 48 53. continued : ( 2 ) tipton yes , it be . Stan and Bill can not believe what 's happen , they sink in they chair . witness stand ~- ernie crane ~ later this witness , ernie crane be a tall , gangly kinda creepy 25 year old boy . trotter hold the photo of the buick . he point to Stan and Bill and the photo . trotter .«». then you see that two boy run out of the sac-0 - sud , jump into this car and drive off ? crane yeah . they peel away -~ car be all over the road . Stan and Bill feel defeat , hang they head like condemn man , . witness stand - sheriff farley - later lock at he note , quote . farley I ask he if he do it , and he say , ..’ I shot the clerk . 's I ask he again , and again he say ' I shot the clerk . 's trotter no further question . judge Mr. gambino ? vinny yes. judge do you have anything to add ? vinny what kind of thing ? judge it 's not for I to say . ( continued ) ae a n 48 continued : ( 3 } '' vinny uh...no , sir . judge ( to trotter ) do you have any other witness ? trotter no , you honor . judge the Court find sufficient evidence exist for this matter to go to trial . Stan and Bill siump in they seat , resign to fate . * ( continued ) ss . 48 continued : ( 4 ) judge I be set this matter for trial this Monday , February 2nd , 10 a.m. Mr. gambone , stand up . ( vinny stand ) now do not I tell you the next time you appear in my court that you dress appropriately ? vinny ( ineredulously ) you be serious about that ? \x 49 int . van on way back to prison vinny be back in the van . stan why do not you ask they any question ? vinny question ? ask who question ? bill vinny , do not you know you could ask they question ? ' vinny do not know . he do not want to admit it . stan if you put up some kind of a fight , maybe you could have have the , case throw out . hiding he own ignorance , vinny pretend Stan be naive . vinny Stan ... you be in ala-fuckin’= - bama . you ’ra from New York . you kill a good ole hoy . there 's just no . way this be not go to trial . meanwhile up front , Stan give Bill a look of disgust . 50 int . cell - stan and bill ~ day '' they argue . ( continued ) aero ar at ort a ST ct rco trna nata 50 continued : 1 2/7/91 56 . stan ... if this be a conspiracy , they have have to get all that people to lie - you think that 's what 's happen ? ( Bill shrug ) I think we should meet with this public defender , see what he 's like . if he 's honest , then wa go with hin . bill ( sadly ) all right . 's vw 51 ext . the prison - day ~ vinny and lisa be walk from the prison through a still larger crowd of protester . lisa . what 's go on here , vinny ? be you fuck up this trial or what ? vinny ( impatiently ) I explain this all to you already , it 's just procedure , okay , I be bound to fuck up a little . lisa a little ? you be throw in jailt . twice . ( continued ) 2/7/92 57 . vinny hey , I know I have fuck up . you think like fuckin’ up ? this case be important to I . ( beat ) you rag on I be not go to give I some kind of " spontaneous knowledga " . lisa this learn procedure by fuckin’ up and get throw in jail be expensive . we haye no money , all the traveller 's check ara ' go , vinny . ( wait for . response , do not get one , so ... ) so , what be we gonna do about eatin’ ? huh ? get serious now , wake up . ( continued ) +e ee * * '' 1 52 continued : 2/7/91 s7a . ( 2 ) vinny ( get a little angry ) I do not know ! 1/11 figure it out . she stand and stare at hin . vinny alright , I figure it out . he get into the car . int . pool vinny ente address lisa what nre you go to do ? hall ~ later afternoon rs and stop . everybody look up . it 's silent . he the group . vinny have anybody here ever hear of @ game call ...uh.. , ( innocently ) -..3 card nonte ? they all exchange look , and shake they head . vinny pull ea pack , of play card from hig shirt pocket and walk back into the pool hall . close shot = pool table we gee vinny 's hand expertly play 3 card monte on a worn~looki no pool table , alongside sucker 's hand drop a few one dollar bill . int . prison conference room - afternoon Stan ata hold a to talk . table . gibbon enter -- a gentle , tidy - look man briefcase come in . they shake hand and sit down gibbon stanley , my name be John gibbon , I be a attorney with the Public defender 's Office . now , the evidence against you look pretty strong . why do not you tell I you side of the story ? '' fae , x 53a ext , fast food chicken place ~ day vinny and Lisa go in - xen '' en ke se , draft 2/4/91 538 . int , fast food chicken place - close on vinny 's wallet vvinny 's wallet be pack with one dollar bill . camera pull back . vinny drop the bill on the counter . ext . gun shop vinny and Lisa eat the chicken . vinny look smug . Lisa take a picture . ext . another HOTEL - evening shabbier than the first . vinny and Lisa arrive in the caddy , which sound noisier and be shaking a little . they look at it skeptically and go in . int . HOTEL room ~ night vinny keep read and he excitement wind down . he 's exhaust . he put the book aside and sigh . lisa whatsa matter ? vinny ( beat ) you know what it be ... ( difficulty ) I be ... scared . lisa you should be . vinny why the fuck do I get into this ? ( beat , remember ) ' sure , no problem , I can win the case 's ~ I have already send myself to jail twice . ( beat , shrug ) I can win this thing . if I can keep my ass awake and out of jail . ( continued ) 2/7/91 s8a . 56 continued : lisa you know what I think ? honestly ? I think , once you be out there , do the thing out there , I think you will be great . really great . ( beat ) if you do not fuck up . ( continued ) ee eee _ 56 x 57 ass xx ? 59 . continued : vinny return to read the book . camera pan to TRAVEL clock it 's three o'clock . ext . HOTEL - early morning it 's about six o'clock in the morning and we hear the sound of pig squealing . vinny stick he head out the window - he 's be wake up by the sound . he look down . camera pan down to a sign over a build next door that read * johnson 's pork product .' Pigs be be slaughter . vinny slam the window shut . int . HOTEL room vinny cover he head with the pillow try to block out the sound . it do not work . he get up . int . conference room in prison - late morning vinny wait . tire , he rest he head in he hand , and almost doze when Bill 's lead in by a guard . vinny where 's Stan ? bill Stan 's not come . he ... want to go with the public defender . vinny because I do not ask no question at the preliminary ? bill yeah ... vinny , I be go with the public defender , too . Bill feel terrible . vinny rise and pace , collect he thought . bill I be sorry , I just do not know how little experience you have , ( continued ) 6c , 59 continued : vinny maybe I could ‘’ve handle the preliminary a little better . [ I admit it - but what 's most important be win the case . ( sincerely ) I can do it . here 's how . the district attorney have to build a case . Building a case be like building a house , and each piece of evidence be one more building block . he want to make a brick bunker of a building with serious , solid-look , brick like this ... he indicate brick two foot thick . vinny right ? bill yeah ... he pulis play card from shirt pocket and take out a ace . vinny he x11 show you how the brick 's get straight side , he will show you it 's get the right shape , he ‘’1l show it in a special way so it appear to have everything a brick should have . but , there 's one thing he will not show you . when you look at the brick from the right angle ...? ( turn the card to thin side ) ... they be as thin as this play card . his whole case will bea magic trick -- which be a illusion . ( turn the card , revealing it to bea joker ) it have to be a illusion -= ' cause you be innocent . ( beat ) nobody , I mean hobody pull the wool over the eye of a gambino . Bill sigh , he do not know what to say , so he say nothing -~ a sign to vinny that he need more . ( conpinued ) 2/7/91 61 . 59 continued : ( 2 ) vinny just give I the chance , one chance , to question the first witness . if , after that point , you do not think I be the best man for the job , then fire I right then and there and I all leave quietly with no grudge . all I ask be for that one chance . I think you should give it to I . + 60 int . cell ~ night t Stan 's steaming from something Bill just tell hin . stan he think we should give it to he ? what no he do before he be a lawyer , be he a fuckin’ comedian ? no bill how can it hurt ? if he do not ask the right question , you dawyer will , right ? stan he could still fuck thing up ! cross~examination be not just know what to say , but what not to say . what if he ask all the possible question and the witness have all the answer ? he ’1ll end up prove the prosecution 's case ! ( beat ) . how do he ever talk you into it ? '' .. bill _ ( wearily explain ) well ... at my cousin ruthie 's wedding - the groom 's brother be that guy '' alakazam " ? stan the magician with the pony-tail ? ( continued ) eee 2/7/92 61a . 60 continued : bill right . he do he act . every time he make something disappear , vinny jump on hin ... ( " do " vinny expose the magician ) " it 's in he pocket ! " ( more ) ( continued ) 60 X 61 62. continued : bill ( cont would ) or " he 's palming it " or " '' he 's get a mirror under the table '' or " the thing 's join at the middle and it 's get a spring on it that pop it open when it 's in the tube ! " ~- it be alakazam 's worst nightmare . sut he be just be vinny , he be just be the quintessential gambino . at that point the light go dim . they both look up . Stan check he watch . norton be just electrocute . stan there go the quintessential norton . Bill make the sign of the crass . ext . another HOTEL , the third - night vinny get out of he car . this hotel ] look worse than the last . cross the street , he run into j.t . he 's get a wad of money . j.t. hey little girl , look what I get , vinny what ? j.t. it 's two hundred buck . vinny nlook at wad ) how do I know it be not a wad of one 's with a twenty wrap around it ? j.t , it 's $ 200 . vinny fan it out and show it to not . j.t. do not do it . vinny be right . vinny yeah . disgust , vinny walk off . 2/7/91 int . hctel room - vinny and lisa - night vinny come in , weary . Lisa 's there , she look moody . vinny whatsa matter ? lisa they fry norton about thirty minute ago . vinny he torture and kill seven people . he deserve to die . lisa if you do not win this case , that all be Stan and Bill , you know ? vinny look , next time I want my ball twisted dry ! - I '11 let you know . lisa you ask I whatsa matter and I tell you . do not jump on I for be cooperative . vinny nod , acknowledge she cpinion in lieu of a apology . , he pick up the book and start read . lisa I go over to the sac-0 - sud and there be a deputy . there and he point out this and that so I . take a bunch of picture ... Lisa take ten roll of undevelop film and put they in a large ashtray on the table . vinny glance at then , think to himself that it be a waste effort , and return to struggle with he book . lisa I get a idea ... you dyslexia thing slow you up , right ? vinny ( hate to admit it ) yeah ... a little ... ( continued ) eseeee ene e 2/7/92 63a . 62 continued : lisa ( take the book from he ) let I read to you . vinny ( humiliate , grab book back , firmly ) I do not want you to read to not . lisa I be a fast reader - it no probably be quick 'o you readin’ it . ( continued ) , 62 64 . continued : vinny I don't want you to read to I , it make I feel like a fuckin’ child . Lisa give up , and sit down , frustrated . lisa I be try to help , sorry . int . HOTEL room ~ night the light be out . vinny and Lisa be asleep . we hear a distant train whistle . thing in the coom rattle and vibrate a little . ext . HOTEL - night the hotel be beside the railroad . the barrier come down , light flash , bell ringing , electronic beeper beep . int . HOTEL room - night vinny wake up . Red light flash through the window . ext . HOTEL - night the train , whistle blow deafeningly , thunder past . it be a freight train . the light and bell be still go strong . int . HOTEL room + night everything in the room be vibrate ~ lamp , picture , the work . vinny be appal . ext . HOTEL - night the train go on and on and on and on ... camera crane up and ever the train to see vinny at the window . int . vinny at the window ~ night he stagger back to bed and lie there , wide awake . camera move slowly in to a big close up . \exe 63h 64 644 gum 65 . int . HOTEL lobby - morning * vinny come downstairs and punch the bell . the clerk appear . he leave . omitted omitted vinny do that freight train come through at five a.m. every norn ? clerk no sir . it 's very unusual . * vinny * Fine . * int . trotter 's office - morning vinny come up the stair of the courthouse and , across from the courtroom , enter a door that read : District Attorney , beechum County '' . int . trotter 's office - vinny and trotter trotter ( pour vinny a handful of peanut ) «.. Z be make plenty of money , win most of my case , but ny client be guilty as Hell . after get one fellow off some very serious charge for the fourth time , my conscience get to mar ; would not I better serve justice put the guilty in jail ? so that 's what I be doin 's and I be a happier man now . ( beat ) how about you ? ( continued ) ~ ~ eee og 66 . * 65 continued : vinny I gotta bullshit traffic ticket . I go to court , get the policeman on the stand ... uh just argue with he until he admit he be wrong . the whole time the judge - this judge malloy - he be smilin’ and laughin’ . afterwards he invite I to " lunch " . I be so impressed with he - he have this great old cadillac . and then he tell I ' he think I have be a good '' litigator , ( laugh ) I do not know what a litigator be , id never even think of be a lawyer . but judge malloy '' he be from Brooklyn too - he do it , so suddenly it seem ' possible . I go to law school . } ( fondly ) ~ he have help from time to time . Real nice man , you know ? ta go out of he way and do that . he want he son to follow in he footstep , ... but he become a musician . so when I graduate , he be so proud of I ... he give I he old cadillac . ( think , honestly ) I think it be just to piss off he son . trotter that ' 's quite a story .. vinny yes , it be . . {beat , with a sly look ) so , this be quite a case we get ahead of we . how do you feel . about it ? trotter I would like to have a murder weapon , but other 'o that , I feel pretty good . ( excited , get 's idea ) what nre you doin’ this afternoon ? omen ner - 66 omitted xx 67 int . HOTEL room ~ vinny and lisa ~ day vinny 's go through a couple of suitcase look for something to wear . Lisa watch ~ repulse ... lisa you be go " hunt ? " vinny that 's right . lisa why be you go hunt ? : ' should not you be prepare for court ? vinny last night , I be thinkin’ - if : I know what he know - if I could look at he file ...! - lisa I do not get it - how're you gonna look at he file , when you be out " hunt ? " vinny two guy out in the wood , gun , on the hunt -- it 's a ' bond 's thing , show he I be one of the boy . he 's not go to let I look at he file , but he might drop he guard enough to finesse a little information out of he . ( pull out some pants ) what should I wear ? ( continued ) a ea ore oro tt et a hh or cee acne , 67 continued : 68. lisa what be you go to hunt ? vinny I do not know . the guy have a bunch of stuff head in he office . lisa head ...uh ! what kind of head ? vinny a boar , a bear , a coupla deer , some kinda lion ... lisa ( interrupt ) whoa ! you be go to shoot a deer ? vinny I do not know . I suppose , I be a man 's man , right ? i. could hunt deer . lisa ( painfully ) a sweet , harmless , leaf -eate , doe - eye , little deer ? vinny I be not go out there just to wimp out -~ he will lose respect for I . you do not want that do you ? he ' 's get she in a logical full~nelson . vinny ( point to pants he 's wear ) be this pants okay ? lisa imagine you be a dear . you be prancing along , you be thirsty , you stop at a little brook , innocently , you lean down , press you little deer lip to the cool , clear water and ... {then slap she head ) «+» bam ! ( more ) ( continued ) i¢ 0 bb op 69 . 67 continued : ( 2 ) lisa ( cont would ) a fuckin’ bullet rip off part of you head , you brain be lay on the ground in little bloody piece . now let I ask you - would you give a fuck what kind of pants the son of a bitch who shet you be wear ? vinny ( think , beat , then ... ) yeah . I would hate to die at the hand of a guy wearin’ polka dot pants . I think as I be lie there , with just moment leave to live , I would think , ' that son of a bitch could not just shoot I , but he have to add insult to : injury by wear polka dot pants . 's X 68 & , xt . ) trotter 's 4x4 chevy suburban trotter be drive vinny out into the country . vinny ( kid ) you know what : I /d like to take a look at you file , trotter you would ? vinny sure . trotter I will have my secretary do it . ( pick up the radio phone ) shirley , will you xerox all the file on the gambone / rothenstein case for Mr. gambone ? thank you . vinny can not believe what have just transpire . sft eae sr aes 70 70 . ext . trotter 's hunting cabin ~ day they get out of the chevy and walk to the cabin . suddenly , omitted vinny very nice . you come here often ? trotter often as I can . I sleep like a baby out here . ( open door ) I keep the gun inside . vinny look sick . a deep pain in he stomach . trotter be you okay ? vinny must have be something I eat . Jim , you go on without I , 1/11 hitch a ride back to town . int . vinny and lisa 's HOTEL room ( third HOTEL ) vinny kick the door open and enter triumphantly hold two big stack of decument . Lisa look up . she 's read . lisa what 's all that ? vinny trotter 's file -- all of they ! lisa you steal he file ? vinny no , I be just start to finesse he when he offer to have he secretary copy everything , then he insisted I double check to make sure she do not miss anything ! lisa that 's very impressive finess . ( continued ) 71 continued : 71 . vinny but that 's not all ! he 's lettin’ we use he hunt cabin when he get back -- it 's out in the wood and it 's quiet , he sleep like a baby out there . lisa terrific . you be a helluva '' ponder . '' vinny yeah . he see he book be open . he 's syspicious ... ns gener vinny you read this book ? lisa yeah . vinny ( close book ) do I a favor ? do not read the book . lisa alright . but do not you want to know why trotter give you he file ? vinny I tell you . lisa ( shake head and point to book ) he have to ~- by law ... you be entitle . it 's call disclosure , you dickhead . ( wave the book at he ) he have to show you everything or it could be a mistrial . he have to give you a list of al ) he witness . you can talk to all of he witness . ha 's not allow any surprise . they do not teach you that in law school either ? ( vinny be stunne ) so , you shoot anything out in the , 72 . 71 continued : ( 2 ) vinny ( uncomfortably ) uh... you do not want to know . lisa I do not .. , ..? ( this answer red flag she , beat ) do you ...? vinny nod . lisa you do not kill a deer , do you ? - vinny ( ashamed , nod ) yeah , I kill a deer . lisa you kill a... little deer ? vinny and not just a little deer , it be a little .... ( hang head ) -+. baby deer . lisa to ( disbelief ) you kill a baby deer ? vinny ( shaking head ) yeah , I kill a little baby deer ... in front of its mother . lisa ( horrify ) in front of it 's mother ? vinny yeah . but that 's not the worse part , because before I kill it ...? lisa yeah ? vinny ( suddenly , with mock viciousness ) '' +.we both rape it first ! um 73. 3 ) lisa ( beat , realize he 's teasing ) you nre a sick motherfucker , you know that do not you ? vinny no , I be not a sick motherfucker . I be a '' man 's man . * lisa you do not kill no deer . you would not kill a deer .... ( cozy 's up ) «se - would you ? vinny I dunno ... it all depend . lisa depend on what ....? vinny ( beat ) well , if the deer be attack .... a 1 ext , HOTEL ~- night establishing * only one window be light : vinny 's . int . the HOTEL room ~ night Lisa be already asleep . vinny switch off the light . he shut he eye . the clock say 2:30 a.m . all of a sudden vinny open a eye - there 's something in the bed . he throw the cover back and jump out of bed . Lisa wake up . lisa whatsa matter ? vinny something in the bed . like a ... I do not know ... a rat , or ... in a flash , Lisa 's out of the bed , along side vinny . vinny see something . vinny yank back the sheet ~ a tarantula -size cockroach scamper towards vinny . lisa look out it 's come towards you ! vinny jump back - it go under the bed . vinny pick up a shoe and hand it to Lisa . vinny I ' 11 lift up the bed , and you whack it , alright ? lisa I ain not whackin’ it . vinny alright , then you lift up the bed and 1/11 whack it . lisa alright . Lisa grab the bed and lift it . vinny dive out of sight . we hear he frantically whack the floor . ( continued ) cater nraereaaaeaemenenenemeremereeneeeatenr ean tededeaeneen edicameatenareeeceemeramamnueen enema menetpeeat pate aceasta er kran X 728 x 72 '' xx 72d =z 74a , * ext . HOTEL - night * the only light on be in vinny 's window . we hear the whack . lisa ( 0.s. ) there it be , over there . the whack continue . int . HOTEL room ~ night * they get back into bed . vinny switch off the light . Lisa fall asleep . so do vinny ~ apparently . but the ashtray on the night table start jigging , so do the lamp . vinny open a eye again . we hear a train whistle . ext . HOTEL - night the same freight train be thunder past . int . HOTEL room ~ night the room be jump . vinny be rigid ~ he have a catatonic stare . int . HOTEL lobby - morning * vinny be at the reception desk . vinny you tell I , only yesterday , that the train hardly ever come . through at five a.m . clerk ( puzzle ) I know , she 's be late two night in a row . she 's suppose to come through at ten after four . vinny turn and leave . I ee ee mee not a ee eso hn ont nessenoir Ie x14 74b . int . juoge 's chamber ~- vinny and judge ~ day the judge look like the cat that get the canary . vinny look like the canary - he 's exhaust . judge Mr. gambone , I be not go to let you take part in jury selection tomorrow . I just get a fax fron the New York State Office of judicial record - they have no _ record of any Vincent gambone °* try any case in any court in the entire state of New York . vinny you be not go to find any record of Vincent La guardia gambone practice in any court . judge ( impatiently ) I just tell you that . vinny see , 20 year ago I become a actor , but there be a very prominent stage actor in New York name Vincent gambone - you may have hear of hin ? judge no . ( continued ) 74 xo 75 . continued : vinny T have to change my name - which I do legally . so , I practice law under my legally - change stage name . judge ( give in ) what name be that ? vinny Jerry gallo . ext . courthouse - day . vinny come out of the courthouse with Lisa . lisa and what name do you tell he ? vinny Jerry gallo , lisa Jerry gallo ? the big attorney ? vinny yeah . lisa ( dryly ) you think that be a smart move ? vinny the man be a seriously accomplish lawyer . he check up on this guy and he will find he name all over the place . lisa he be in the newspaper all last week , vinny yeah , I see that ... lisa but you do not actually read the article ? vinny no . '' for : wo 77 . 76 continued : ( 2 ) vinny how do you feel about criminal defense attorney ? suror # 2 they should be shot in the cradle . vinny that sound like you might want to side with the prosecution . juror # 2 not really . vinny ee how do you feel about prosecutor ? juror # 2 they should be drown at birth . vinny would@ you say you hate they ... equally ? juror # 2 yeah , I have say that . vinny ( to judge ) I like this guy . t6a omitted 76b omitted ngee ext . prison yard ~ day the guard escort Stan and Bill across a yard . guard that 's death row in thera . stan tt be ? ' ( continued ) ao cr a I nnn 76 , 75 continued : lisa that 's too bad . vinny why 's that ? lisa because he’s dead ! vinny 's sick . ai7 int . courtroom - day twelve man and . woman sit in the jury box as trotter qualify they suitability as juror . the first juror be a grim middle - age woman . Stan , Bill , vinny , Lisa and gibbon watch . * more than 30 other potential juror sit in the public seat , * wait . * trotter can you participate in a endeavor in which the ultimate result might be death by electrocution ? juror I think it should be leave up to the victim 's family rather than the court , trotter the defendant be charge with robbing a convenience store , tie up the clerk , and shoot hin point - blank in the back of the head . ( let fact sink in , then ) if sufficient evidence be offer to prove this fact , would you ... juror ninterrupt ) fry an . trotter ( to the judge ) he will do . later vinny be wear a standard , ill-fitting , off - the-rack suit , and be badly in need of sleep . juror # 2 be a grim middle - age man . : tia . nec continued : guard the chair be not workin’ like it use to . the guy we fry last week , norton ... it take we three attempt and he head catch fire . see , there 's no money in the budget to get it look at . ( chuckle ) I say it have be cheaper to have it fix than to run up that extra electric bilis . Stan and Bill look at each other in dismay . bill ee do not you ever worry that you might execute a innocent man ? guard do not happen very often , believe I . it 's a chance worth takin’ , would not you say ? stan / bill ( earnestly ) no. no. bl _ 76d qmite x 76e int , prison conference room ~ day Stan enter and talk to the wait gibbon . 78 . al 79 . 76f int . visitation room ~ day Bill come to Lisa . they talk through a wire mesh , bill where 's vinny ? lisa listen , I talk to you mon , she 's fine .... ( Bill nod ) so , your still let vinny handle you case ? bill I think I may regret that decision for the rest of my life - if I live that long . so , where be he ? lisa investigating the case , check out all kind of important question . x77 int . tipton 's kitchen - day vinny and tipton at the kitchen table . vinny what do you have for breakfast ? \x 78 ext . mrs . riley's veranda ~ day vinny sit with riley on rock chair , with a note pad . vinny how many different level of thickness have you go through ? 79 int . crane 's bedroom - day vinny and crane . vinny aim Lisa 's camera at something offscreen . vinny ( point to something 0.8 . ) so , what 's this brown ... stuff ...? . ao . v ~ 79a ext . crane house ~ day '' vinny exit crane 's house . '' i er a tern no re aon ( sl leta neo acne er etn 79b through 81 b1a omitted omitted 81 . 83. 86 continued : ( 2 ) vinny Lisa , I do not need this now . ocount on finger ) I get a judge who 's aching to put I in jail , some idiot who want to fight I for two hundred dollar , slaughter pig , giant cockroach , giant whistle , no sleep in five day , no money , a ' dress code 's problem , and a little murder case which hold in the balance not just the life of two innocent kid , a ... ( stomp floor ) .»sbiological clock , my career , oo | you life , we marriage , and what else ? can we pile a little nore crap onto the outcome of this case ?! be that possible ! I do not think it be ! ( he make ' ring ring 's sound , and go indoors ) kor int . cabin ~ day vinny come in and answer the phone . vinny yeah ? yeah ? get it . ( hang up , to Lisa ) I be wrong . that be the President . the kremlin call say I do not win the case , the Russians will bomb the U.S. we / will retaliate - total nuclear annihilation ! lisa maybe this be a bad time to bring . it up . '' 7 87a ext . establishing ~ the cabin - night the light go out . xe int . the cabin - night we hear a scatter , scratchy SOUND . it sound like a severe witch hand , with scrawny , bony finger and long yellow fingernails clatter over the roof like a giant frighten cockroach . vinny jerk awake . we hear it again . vinny look to the leave . we hear another one . vinny look right . vinny creep out of bed , we hear kreeeeeeeech !!! - it sound like a witch be burn alive . Lisa jump and see vinny . vinny what the fuck be that ?! kreeeeeeeech} | t vinny it 's right outside the door ! we lisa be it try to get in ?! vinny how the fuck should I know ?! I do not even know what it be ! vinny run over to the gun cabinet , slide it open and reach in . kreeeeech !!! he lift the gun into view - it 's a huge colt 44 . magnum . he aim at the door . kreeeeech !!! x sba ext . a treebranch just outside cabin * the witch 's hand be really just a branch move back and forth across the roof , camera pan to another branch , to a screech owl . nothing unusual , actually . just a screech owl do what a screech owl do ~- it 's beak open and ... kreeeeereefech ! !! in the background we see the door to trotter 's hunt cabin fly open , revealing vinny in the doorway in a dirty Harry crouch , arm outstretch hold the 44 . aim in nearly the opposite direction of the owl . screefeeeech !!! vinny unload the gun into the darkness . : close shot - owl leok over , deadpan , unfaze . wide shot ~ the valley the cabin be in from far away , we hear the screech , secon follow by the SOUND of a 44 . be fire ssix time . ieseenemnieialia ahaa aaeneieaeeee eeneemeernteeteeeeneemeenireneene tm nee - 88b int . the cabin - night Lisa be asleep , vinny open he eye . there be no sound . vinny Lisa ? ... Lisa ... lisa yeah ? vinny you awake ? lisa whatsa matter now ? vinny '. ( beat ) it 's too quiet . lisa shut up and go to sleep . vinny c goodnight . vinny roll over and look up . hanging from the deer 's antler above the fireplace be a snake ! vinny stare at the antler . the snake stare at vinny . gradually , vinny realize that the antler be move and that he be look at a snake . terrify , vinny try to speak but no sound come out of he mouth . suddenly the snake drop out of the antler and onto the bed . vinny and Lisa scream and scatter . mas ext . a field in the boonies - night vinny 's caddy 's park in the middle of nowhere . int . caddy - vinny and lisa cuddle up in blanket . they be feel close . lisa ( beat ) this be so romantic «- out in the field here , under the star , quiet , no one around for mile ... this be very romantic . vinny ( look outside } I do not see no star ... look at Lisa @nd ~-- what the Hell -- who 's he to argue about what 's romantic ? as he pull Lisa closer ... ext . caddy in field a huge lightning bolt crack nearby . and it start to rain . then we hear more thunder . fade to : 92 2/7/91 as . int . / ext . caddy - day it be still raining and thunder . a exhaust , red-ey vinny wake up . he start the car . close shot '' right rear tire +.. just spin and spin . the other tira do nothing . vinny get out of the car and step into serious mud . he fall over , * he get up . open the trunk , and pull on a two by four ~ but * it 's stick . he yank it harder - will not budge . he yank it real hard and finally it move , but something in pink plastic fly out with it and land in the mud . Lisa can not see since the trunk be up . . vinny 's what 's in this plastic thing ? lisa you suit . vinny what 's my suit doin 's in the trunk ? lisa I have it clean - I think it have be a nice surprise - go in there with a clean suit . vinny Nice fuckin’ surprise . x 94 95 86 . ext . railway HOTEL ~ morning vinny 's caddy - very muddy - park across the street from the hotel , vinny get out . he slam the door - he 's piss . Lisa get out . it 's still raining . vinny I get 30 fuckin’ minute to shower , buy a new fuckin’ suit , get dress and get to the fuckin’ courthouse . lisa you fuckin’ shower , I x11 go get the fuckin’ suit . Lisa hustle off . vinny head toward the hotel . as he cross the street , we see j.t. and neckbrace come the opposite way . as vinny approach he , j.t. snicker at vinny 's predicament . as vinny pass ... 3.t. ( unfold ten 20 dollar bill ) hey pussy , I get the $ 200 ... ( amused ) so , you go to kick the shit out of I ? bam ! vinny cold cock he solidly , drop the guy into a neap . vinny scoops up the money and move on . ext . town square - day Lisa run up to Johnson 's Department store in the rain , but the door be lock . she lock at a sign hang from the window . it read ' close ~ flu . 's Lisa look around , see ... shot ~- butler 's second hand store . int . courtroom - ten 0’clock the court be quiet and wait . rain beat against the window pane . the judge check he watch impatiently . trotter be wait at he table , papers neatly stack , perfectly groom , perfectly patient , eminently confident . Stan and gibben sit next to each other . Stan lock over at Bill and shake he head . Bill 's sit by himself , feel pretty foolish , wonder where vinny be . then , we hear a door OPEN . the judge look up and squint , trotter look up , confuse , Stan look up and shake he head . finally Bill lock up and see ... ( continued ) 87 . 95 continued : vinny ... in he new suit ~ a too-small , midnight blue , silver - thread tuxedo , carry he book on procedure , a umbrella and a briefcase . he look pretty damn silly in it . vinny sit down next to Bill . vinny 's so tired , he 's at wit 's end . he 's in a_rotten mood . judge Mr. gambone - be you mock I with this outfit ? vinny ( belligerently ) ' mock 's you ? no , I be not ' mock 's you . judge then explain that ... outfit . vinny I buy a suit . you have see it . rno now it 's cover in mud and this town do not have a goddamn one hour cleaner , I have to buy a new suit . except the only store you can buy a new suit in - have the flu . get that ? the whole store have the flu ! so I have to get this from the 2nd hand store . so , it 's either the leather jacket which I know you do not like , or this . so , I be wear this ridiculous thing ... nindicate new suit ) «+ sfor you ! judge be you on drug ? vinny no , I be not on drug . judge I do not like you attitude . ( continued ) lr et ene a ar a tn tet et lte ll latte a 88 . 95 continued : ( 2 ) vinny so what else be new ? judge ' I be hold you in contempt of court . vinny oh , there 's a big fuckin’ surprise . judge what do you say ? vinny by what ? . judge what do you just say ? vinny ( so tired , can not oo remember ) vf what have I just say ? ' what ? 's ' the judge stare he down , vinny do not look at he - he 's fight just to keep he eye open . later ~ court - trotter on floor trotter have the floor . he be give he open statement . trotter 1 you honor , counsel , member of ' the jury . the evidence in this * case will show that at 9:30 in be the morning on January 4th - that both defendant stanley : rothenstein and William gambone be see get out of a 1964 , metallic green , buick skylark , convertible , with a white top . the evidence will show that they be see enter the sac-0 - sud convenience store in wahzoo City . ( more ) ( continued ) =' ' bba . 95 continued : ( 3 ) a ay bm trotter ( cont would ) the evidence will show that minute after they enter the sac~o - sud convenience store , a gunshot be hear by three witness . ( more ) ( continued ) | a ccn a fe 5 ml otc eer ET ! 95 continued : ( 4 ) trotter ( cont have ) you will then hear the testimony of the three eyewitness who see the defendant run from the sac-o~ sud a moment after the shot be hear , get into they fade metallic -green , 1964 buick skylark and drive away in great haste . finally , the state will prove defendant gambone and rothenstein admit , then recante they complicity in this crime to the sheriff of beechum county . Stan and Bill exchange look of doom . | trotter % , now let 's get down to e lick - log . you verdict be go to depend on what you think of the swear testimony ... not what I think , because what I think do not count . you be the jury , it 's you job to decide who 's tellin’ the truth . the Truth : that 's what " verdict " mean , it 's a word that come down from England and all we 1 / il ole ancestor . we shall be ask you to return a verdict of murder in the first Degree for William gambone , and a verdict of accessory to first Degree murder for stanley rothenstein for helpin’ gambone commit this heinous crine . he sit down . judge ( to vinny ) : counselor , do you wish to make a open statement vinny be next to Bill . his head be rest in he hand . his eye can not be see . he say nothing . judge ( 0.s. ) counselor ? we can hear vinny 's breathe slowly and deeply - he 's asleep . Bill 's foot nudge vinny 's foot . but vinny be out . bill side of mouth ) nny . nny . ~ 95 continued : ( 6 ) vinny wake up . not know where he be ... vinny wha ...! ( look up realize he 's in court , momentarily intimidate , humiliate ) oh ... bill ( whisper from side of he mouth ) it 's time for you open statement , vinny rise , go to the jury box and lean dramatically on the railing , both hand separate . he motion to trotter . vinny ' everything that man say ... be bullshit. , ( beat ) NK thank 's you . : vinny walk back to he chair , trotter rise ... ! trotter ( rise ) ' I object you honor , counsel 's entire open statement be argument . . .. judge objection sustained , the entire open statement , with the exception of ... ( dryly ) ' thank you 's will be stricken from the record . . ( to jury ) . you will please disregard counsel 's entire open ' statement . {to vinny ) and you , Mr. gambone . ( firmly , barely contain he anger ) C you will not use that kind of language in my court . do you understand I ? vinny return to he table , without look bacx ... eee 95 continued : ( 7 ) vinny yeah , yeah , yeah ... ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 5 ) he sit down at the table , once again rest he head in he hand , valiantly try to stay awake . Bill look scared . Stan and gibbon look over at vinny . stan ( shake head , to himself ) idiot . the judge point to gibbon , Stan 's attorney . judge you statement , sir . as gibbon get up , he drop a pen . he pick it up and clumsily put it back on the table , but drop it again . Stan stop he and pick it up for he . gibbon walk onto the floor and he sudGemly look terrify . this be a man who have a terrible case of s=age fright . his brow bead up instantly with sweat , he ccxostantly wipe he palm off on he trousers and can not look in the eye . gibbon lady and gentlemen of tha j-j-j-jury . on j-j- January 4 of this year , my c-c-c-client do indeed visit the sac-0 - sud convenience store , stay — can not believe what 's happen . voins=_... be nodd off , he jerk himself awake . try he best tx sm=ay awake . gibbon but he do not k-k - k~kill anyone . we intend to prove that the pc-p~p-prosecution 's c-c~case be circumstantial and e-c-coincidental . thank you . guncomm sit down next to Stan . stan that 's {t ? what happen to all the thing wa talk about ? gibbon I get a little nervous out there , sometimes . ( continued ) 92 . 95 continved : ( 6 ) stan a ' little 's nervous ? gibbon I be get better ... ( beat , offer consolation ) some people think it gain sympathy from the juror . what do you think ? how do it look ? Stan stare at he , the same look he give the electric chair . stan like we do not have a leg to stand on . gibbon ( nodd in agreement ) mmmm . 96 int . courtroom ~ later trotter be finish up with tipton on the stand . tipton '' , . they go into the store . then I make some breakfast and be just about to eat when I hear a gunshot . so I iook out the window and see that two boy run out , get in they car and drive off like maniac - tire screeching , smokin’ , goin 's up the curb . trotter show a picture of the car to tipton . trotter ig this the car ? tipton ( look over car ) yes . trotter no further question . ( judge ( to gibbon ) you witness . ( continued ) 93. 96 continued : trotter sit . gibbon rise and approach the witness . gibbon Mr. t-t-t-tipton , w-hen you view my client , how f-far away be you ? tipton about fifty foot . gibbon ( skeptically ) d- d- do you think that 's close enough t-t - to make a accurate identification ? tipton ( confidently ) yes . gibbon Mr. t-t-tipton , do you wear eyeglass ? tipton sometimes . gibbon wew -w-were you wear they that d-d - day ? tipton no. Bill and Stan exchange look - Stan 's look positive about he man , vinny be rest he head in he hand . Bill sigh and nudge hin . gibbon ( so jury can hear ) so you be f-f- f-fifty foot away and you make a p-p- p- positive eyewitness , and yet you be not w-w- wewear you necessary p-p- prescription eyeglass ? tipton they be read glass . Bill and Stan exchange look again , this time Stan 's frustrated . Bill look at vinny , who 's fall asleep again . ( continued ) 94 . 96 continued : ( 2 ) gibbon ++-c*c-can you tell the court what c-c-color eye the defendant have ? tipton ( look at Stan ) Brown , ( look at Bill ) Blue . gibbon ( beat ) ne - n- no more question . gibbon sit down . Stan 's feel defeat . - gibbon he 's a tough one . stan hmm ... judge Mr. gambino , you witness . Bill nudge vinny under the table . vinny jerk awake . bill it 's you witness . vinny my witness ? bill yeah . vvinny 's day in court have finally arrive - he 's be wait for this moment for ten year . slowly , the think ( nearly ) sober and waken he . he pour some water from the pitcher onto he hand and splashes it on he face to help wake himself up . Stan and Bill exchange look and shudder with sympathetic dread . vinny rise and approach the witness . rain have stop . gradually , sunshine come in through the window . vinny Mr. tipton , when you view the defendant walk from they car into the sac-0 ~ sud , what angle be you point of view ? ( continued ) 96 continued : 95 . G ) tipton they be kinda walk toward I when they enter the store . vinny they be walk toward you when they enter the store . and when they leave ? what angle be you point of view ? tipton they be kinda walk away from I . vinny would you say you get a better shot of they go in , but not tuch comin’ out ? tipton you could say that . vinny I do say that . would you say that ? tipton yeah ... vinny be it possible the two yout who enter the store be ... judge ( interrupt ) two what ? what be that word ? vinny what word ? judge two what ? vinny what ? judge do you say '' yout " ? vinny yes , two yout . ( continued ) 96 continued : stan and bill be confuse , but intrigue by vinny 's line of question - it sound like it 's lead someplace . tipton : 96 . ( 4 ) judge what be a yout ? vinny I be so sorry , you honor , two youth . be it possible the two youth who enter the store be not the same youth you see leave the store ? tipton ( beat ) no . why would they get into the same car ? vinny let I re-phrase the question . be it possible that the two defendant enter the store , pick out twenty - two specific item off the shelf , heat up a burrito , have the clerk pour a slush drink , take money , make change then ... leave , then , two different man drive up ina similar look car , go in , tie up the clerk , rob he , shoot he and leave ? tipton ( shake head ) no . they do not have enough time . vinny how much time be they in the store ? tipton five minute . vinny be you sure it be five minute ? do you look at you watch ? tipton no. ( continued ) vinny and * a 97 . '' 96 continued : ( 5 ) vinny in five minute , you make breakfast ? tipton that ' 's right . vinny can you remember what you have ? tipton : egg and grit . ; vinny ' '' how do you make you grit ? regular , creamy or al dente ? tipton uh ... just ... regular , I guess . vinny . instant grit ? in tipton no self - respect southerner use instant grit . I take pride in my grit . vinny beam - he know he 's get tipton on the rope . vinny so Mr. tipton , how could it take you only five minute to cook you grit - when it take the entire qrit-eate world twenty minute ? the jury respond to this - they know they grit . stan and bill - be rivete . tipton 's I dunne ... I 'o a fast cook , I guess . ( continued ) 98 . 96 continued : ( 6 ) vinny a fast cook ? that ' 's it ? be we to believe that boil water soak into a grit quick in you kitchen than any other place on the face of the earth , tipton ( humiliate ) I dunno . vinny perhaps the law of physics cease to exist on you stove ? tipton shrug . vinny where this ' magic grit ’? do you buy they from the guy who sell Jack he beanstalk bean ? trotter ( objection , you honor ... judge objection sustained . Mr. tipton , you can ignore the question . Mr. gambino , you have make you point . vinny ( to tipton ) you sure about that five minute ? tipton I ... may have be mistaken ... vinny oturn away ) thank you . I get no more use for this guy . stan look at he attorney . stan you be fire . ( stand , to judge , point to vinny ) ( I want hin . Bill be jubilant . Lisa be proud . 99 . ko ext . behind the courthouse ~- day Bill , Stan and vinny be be put into the police van . Lisa be watch . Van and street be wet , but the sun be out . vinny Lisa , do not bail I out . I / 'o go to sleep tonight in prison . x 98 int . van on way back to prison - stan and bill vinny 's curl - up , asleep in the back seat camera pan to front seat . Bill and Stan be proud . bill wake he up and he litigate . 99 int . cell ~ vinny asleep we hear someone scream , get brutally beaten . vinny sleep . x100 int . van - morning vinny 's still asleep . camera pan to stan and bill . 101 int . courtroom - morning =~ vinny Court 's back in session . beam of sunshine light up vinny . vinny 's get crane on the stand . vinny pick up a envelope , open it , take out a stack of photo and hand they to crane . vinny ( show ist photo ) Mr. crane , what be this photo of ? crane my house and stuff . vinny ( point to picture } what 's this brown ... stuff ... on you window ? crane dirt . i ( continued ) 101 continued : 100 . vinny ( show 3rd photo ) what be this ... rusty , dusty , dirty ~ - look thing on you window ? crane it 's a screen . vinny ( show 4th photo } what nre all this really big thing right in the middle of you view from the window of you kitchen and the sac-0 - sud ? what would you call this thing ? crane tree . vinny ( show 5th photo ) what do you call this thousand of little thing on the tree ? crane leave . vinny ( show 6th photo ) and this ...‘ bushy 's thing between the tree . what do you call this ? crane bushes ... vinny so , you can positively identify the defendant , at a distance of 80 foot , for a moment of 2 second , look through ... ( point , photo # 1 ) -..this dirty window ... ( point , photo # 2 ) +.. this crud-cover screen , opoint , photo 43 ) «these tree with ... ( point , photo # 4 ) +«. this leave on they , and trough ... ( more ) ( continued ) 1o1 101 . continued : ( 2 ) vinny ( cont no ) ( point , photo # 5 , squint ) ...how many bush ? crane ( count to himself lees2eee beeedeee ) look like five . vinny ( point to photo ) do not forget this one and this ' one . crane Seven bush . vinny Seven bush . so whattya think ? be it possible you just see two guy on a green convertible , but not necessarily this particular two guy ? crane ( beat ) I suppose , vinny ( to judge ) I be finish with this guy . court - later vvinny 's get constance riley , the skinny black woman . vinny treat she with courtesy . vinny Mrs. riley , be you wear you glass when you view the defendant ? riley yes , I be . vinny can you put they on ? she open she purse , take out she glass and put they on . they be ammazingly thick and make she eye look huge ~ one hinge be break , repair with a safety pin . the jury be strike by how thick they be . 102 . 102 continued : ( 3 ) vinny look at the jury and smile - work the same reaction as he have . vinny whoa ! ( sober , to riley ) how long you be wear glass ? riley since I be six . vinny be they as ... thick as this ? riley oh , no . they get thicker over the year . vinny so , as you eye have get more and more out of whack as you have get older , how many different level of thickness have you go through ? riley ( think ) oh , I do not know , over 40 year , probably ... ten time . vinny so , you have get new glass around every four year . ( beat , work jury ) how long you be wear this level of thickness ? riley about four year , vinny maybe you be due for a thicker set ? riley oh ...no , I think they be okay . vinny let 's be sure . let 's check ‘em out . ( more ) ( continued ) 101 103 . continued : ( 4 ) vinny ( cont no ) ( step to back of courthouse ) how far away be the defendant from you when you see they enter the sac-o - sud . riley about 100 foot . vinny take a tape measure out of he pocket . vinny okay . hold this . ( she take one end of the tape measure . he take the other , walk fifty foot away from she , up the aisle ) . vinny . this be fifty foot . half the distance . ( slowly wave two finger ) : Mrs. riley , can you see how many finger I have show ? Mrs. riley squint , and so do the judge . judge ( squint ) let the record show that counsel be hold up two finger . vinny you honor , please ... judge ( embarrassed ) I be sorry ... vinny ( hide hand , then wave two finger ) how many finger can you see ? riley ( squint ) four. vinny ( keep hand up , he walk back to stand ) what nre you think , Mrs. riley ? 104 , 101 continued : ( 5 ) riley ( see how many finger be up ) I be think of get ' thicker 's glass . roe int . vinny ‘s ( railroad ) HOTEL / trotter 's office - that night the phone ring . vinny answer . vinny hello ?... trotter ? trotter . you do good today , 's yankee . I like the competition . it make thing fun . you like competition , tao ? vinny I be enjoy myself so far . trotter ' Cause I get a big surprise for you tomorrow . vinny ( uh oh} oh ? what 's that ?... you gotta disclose you evidence to I . trotter I only get it tonight , I be disclose it first thing in the morning . the judge 's 1ll have to admit it . vinny should I be worried ? trotter very . vinny hang up , grab the Court procedure book and turn to Lisa . vinny where do you read all that shit about disclosure ? 105 . 103 int . court - next day GEORGE wilbur , 60 , be a earnest , honest , intelligent - look engineer . he be on the stand . trotter Mr. wilbur , what be you profession ? wilbur I be a special Automotive instructor of Forensic Studies for the Federal Bureau of investigation , trotter how long have you be work in that position ? wilbur 30 year . vinny you honor , may we approach the bench ? { judge nod ) I object to this witness be call at this time , we have be give no prior notice that he would testify , no discovery of any test he have conduct or report he have prepare and , as the court be aware , the defense be entitle to advance notice of all witness who will testify , particularly that who will give scientific evidence so that we can properly prepare for cross - examination as well as to give the defense the opportunity to have the witness 's report review by a defense expert who might then be in a position to contradict the veracity of he conclusion . this speech be say with great speed and fluency almost in one breath , yet with total clarity . judge Mr. gambino , that be a lucid , intelligent , well think out objection . vinny thank you , you honor . 103 2/7/91 continued : judge overrule . vinny throw he arm up in a gesture of despair . trotter ( show wilbur photo ) this be photograph of the tire belong to the defendant 's car . ( show other photo ) and this be photograph of tire mark make by the assailant 's car as it fle the sac-0 - sud 's convenience store . be you familiar with this ? wilbur yes , I a . trotter could you elaborate please ? wilbur use the Hewlett - Packard 5710 - a dual column gas chromatograph with flame analyzation detector , we compare the tire mark they be the same model and size tire ; michelin model xgv , size 75 - R , 14 inch wheel . trotter they be both the same size and model tire . what else do you find ? wilbur eo the car leave the convenience store spun its rear tire dramatically , and leave a residue of rubber on the asphalt . I take a sample of that rubber and analyze it . I alse take a sample of rubber from the rear tire of the defendant 's buick and analyze that too , ( continued ) 106 , 2/7/92 107 ; 103 continued : ( 2 ) trotter what be the result of this analysis ? wilbur the chemical composition between the two tire be find to be identical . trotter identical . no more question , the judge be hand a fax = he read it . 's ; judge ( to bailiff ) Court will take a 60 minute recess - for lunch . vinny rise . vinny I respectfully request a full day continuance to go over this stuff . judge request deny . venny thanks . ' ' judge and Mr. gambone - I would like to speak to you . , os a wae 108 . ° avoa int . judge 's chamber - vinny and the judge ~ day they enter the chamber , the judge be relishing the moment , judge you be a dead man , vinny I be a dead man ? judge yes , I fax the clerk of New * York and ask what he know about Jerry gallo . and do you want to know what he reply ? * vinny do you say Jerry gallo ? judge yes ... vinny gallo with a '' '? cc judge ~ yes ... vinny ( laugh and laugh , then ) Jerry gallo 's dead ! judge ( impatiently ) I be aware of that . vinny I be not Jerry gallo , I be Jerry gallo . c-a-l-l-0. the judge ponder : be he mistaken or be vinny lie ? . judge , alright . . ( pick up phone and .° dial ) . let 's get this clear up right now . : ( to phene ) fate hello , this be judge Chamberlain , _ haller , can I speak to the clerk ? ( beat ) - okay . I /11 be here . not eemeanamemitiemmenmmatrs ( 1 11e paver tesa ere 104 xr05 2/7/91 109 , continued : judge ( cont have ) ( hand up , to vinny ) he 's go to call back after three . that give you a stay of execution ~ unless by some miracle you win this case in the next ... ( check he watch ) ...90 minute . ( beat ) why do not you go to lunch ? int . restaurant ' 's a greasy spoon . Lisa enter with a envelope of newly develop snapshot . vinny be eat and go over the new evidence . look at the photo , chemical analysis , etc . he can not believe what he 's up against . lisa I get my picture ... what no the judge say ? vinny ( do not want to talk about it , mumble ) he find out gallo 's dead . lisa ke find out ? what have he say ? vinny I be try to think about the case , Lisa . ( continued ) 2/7/91 110 . 105 continued : Lisa go quiet . vinny be run scenario , idea , etc . through he mind , but nothing 's right . she 's afraid to ask ... lisa can I help ? vinny ( mimick she ) can I halp ? no , you can not help . she give he a ' look 's , vinvy : ' look how you be look at I what 's that look suppose to mean ? I be a piece of shit because I can not find a way to let you help I , be that it ? Lisa say nothing . he grab the photo . vinny . alright . you be help , this be lot of help here . ( flip through photo sarcastically ) thank you . oh ! this be go to be a lot of help , oh yeah ! very creative . very artistic . here 's a good shot of we first hotel room . that 's gotta intimidate trotter . ( another photo ) hmm ... I do not know I look like that from behind . gee , and I think I could not feel worse than I do a second ago . ( next phote ) e here 's a good one of the tire mark - could we get a little farther away ? do you shoot it from up a tree ? look at this , we have get the tire mark in , that garbage can , what 's that ~ dog shit ? maybe that 's a clue . ( next photo ) oh ! here 's one of I read . here 's another of I read , and - oh ! this one have a twist , I read with my finger in my ear . Lisa be stare at he , if look could kill ... 105 jn 106 2/7/92 110a . continued : ( 2 ) * vinny * here ' 's a case~cracker - I in the * shower . * lisa * that 's it , I be outta here . * Lisa just get up and walk cut , leave she photograph . vinny follow she to the street , still hold then . * vinny ( call after she ) Lisa . I be sorry . 's '' he punch the wall . then he return to the table , frustrated . vinny : I be miss something . I 'o niss something . vinny sip he coffee . camera tilt to lisa 's tire track photo . * int . courthouse lobby vinny enter . Lisa be dial a phone call . vinny who be you call ? lisa the airport . he go on into the courtroom . 2/7/91 hii . 107 int . court - day vinny 's at the table . on the table be a small stack of tire evidence and Lisa 's photo . vinny look downbeat . the bailiff * sit Stan and Bill with hin . stan do you find anything ? vinny very , very little . Stan go cold . stan : 's enough to ...? vinny shake he head . Stan look at Bill . very bad news . later - witness stand ~ wilbur vinny take out the police photo and show they to wilbur , * who be still on the stand . . - vinny be it possible that two separate car could be drive on michelin model xgv 75r 14' ? wilbur . of course . vinny let I ask you this =- what be the best sell , single model tire sell in the United States ? wilbur the michelin xcy . . vinny . and what be the most popular size ? wilbur 75r - 14 . vinny the same size as the defendant 's car . wilbur but two fade green 1964 buick skylark convertible ...? ( continued ) - '' 107 2/7/91 continued : vinny I ask if the most popular size of the most popular tire be on the defendant 's car . wilbur well ... yeah . vinny thank you , neo more question . vinny sit down . he 's a break man . he stare at Lisa 's photo . the tire photo be on top . he pick it up , stare harder and harder . t ' trotter ( 0.s. ) you honor , the prosecution rest . judge ( 0.5 . ) Mr. gambone ? you first witness ? vinny grab the police pheto and compare it with Lisa 's . Lisa 's be a much wider angle : we see both photo . Lisa 's be a full shot of the tire mark leave by the killer 's car - two , 20 foot length tire mark - about ten foot in , one tire track gee up a curb and come down another ten foot . vinny = stare some more . judge ' Mr. gambone ? I will ask you one more time , and one more time only . if I ask you again ... vinny - look so happy he can cry . vinny you honor , please , can I have a five minute recess as my next ye witness be not present in the courtroom ? judge Three minute . no more , vinny scrawl a hurried note he jump up and stop beside the sheriff , hand he the note . ( continued ) 107 continued : ( 2 ) vinny can you trace this for I ? sheriff not my job . you do you own investigatin’ . vinny please . I have only get three minute . he hurry out of the courtroom . the sheriff stare at the note . & 109 through 111 W 112 int , courthouse lobby ~ day vinny come out into the lobby . vinny ( urgently ) Lisa , please , I be sorry . I need you to come back to the courtroom and I need the phone . Lisa 's still on the phone . she ignore he . sheriff come out of the courtroom . vinny I need the phone . ( she continue to ignore he ) and we gotta make up and get back 113. in the background , to the courtroom , there 's not much time , everyone 's wait . lisa shut up . vinny grab the phone and cut she off . lisa fuck you . she storm off towards the front door . vi nny go to follow she but be stop by the sheriff , who be still hold the note . sheriff tell I why ? omitted ext . courthouse ~ day ~- long shot Lisa stomp out of the front door . vinny she back in kick and scream . run out and drag i214 . 113 int . courtroom - day vinny and lisa ... be Lisa burst in . vinny you honor , the defense call as it 's first witness , Ms. mona Lisa vito . shocked . she try to leave . he hold on to she . trotter objection . this person be not on the witness list . vinny ( triumphantly brandish the book on court procedure ) '' this witness be a expert in the area of automobile and be be call as a witness to rebut the testimony of George wilbur . lisa shake she head and turn and walk out . vinny you honor , could you instruct the bailiff to lead Ms. vito to the stand . judge bailiff ? the bailiff run outside and come back with a very pissed~off Lisa . she glare at vinny as she pass he . she 's lead to the stand . bailiff hold up you right hand . do you swear to tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth | so help you God ? lisa yeah ... vinny Ms. vito , you be some kind of a expert in automobile , be that correct ? Lisa glare at vinny . she sit there , the quintessential unfriendly witness , arm fold , and stare at vinny . ( continued ) 113 continued : 115 . judge will you please answer the counsellor 's question ? lisa no. TI hate he . vinny you honor , may I have you permission to treat Ms. vito as a hostile witness ? lisa you think I be hostile now , wait ' till you see I tonight . judge do you two know each other ? vinny she 's my fiancee . judge well , that would certainly explain the hostility . trotter you honor , I object to this witness - improper foundation . I be not aware of this person 's qualification . I have like the opportunity to voir dire the witness to the extent of she expertise . judge grant , ( to jurer , explain ) the prosecution be go to ask Ms. vito a few question to datermine if she be qualified to testify as a expert on the subject of tire mark identification . ( to trotter ) Mr. trotter , you may proceed , trotter Ms. vito , what be you current profession ? lisa I be a out -of - work hairdresser . 113 continued : she sit , vinny . 116 . ( 2 ) trotter and in what way do this qualify you to be a expert in automobile ? lisa it do not . trotter in what way be you qualified ? lisa well , my father be a mechanic , he father be a mechanic , ny mother 's father be a mechanic , my three brother be mechanic , four uncle on my father 's side be mechanic ... trotter you family be obviously qualified , but have you ever work as a mechanic ? lisa in my father 's garage - yeah . trotter as a mechanic ~ what do you do in you father 's garage ? lisa well ... tune -up , oil change , brake re-lining , engine rebuild , rebuilt some trannys , rear-end ... trotter do be a ex-mechanic necessarily qualify you as a expert on tire mark ? lisa no. ( get up to leave stand ) thank you ... goodbye . judge sit down and stay until you be tell to leave . give the judge a ' look 's that be previously use for ( continued ) 113 continued : 117 . ( 3 ) vinny you honor , Ms. vito 's expertise be in general automotive knowledge . it be in this area that she testimony will be applicable . if Mr. trotter wisn to voir dire the witness to the extent of she expertise in this area , I be sure he will be satisfied . judge okay . trotter see this have a healthy challenge ~ stump the witness . the judge listen trotter alright ... ( to lisa} be a expert in general automotive knowledge , can you tell I ... what would be the correct ignition timing for a 1955 chevrolet bel Air , with a 327 cubic inch engine , and a four barrel carburetor ? lean forward , ready to be impressed . the jury too be intently . lisa nsquirm impatiently ) that 's a bullshit question . trotter do that mean you can not answer it ? lisa it 's a bullshit question . it 's impossible to answer . trotter tmpossible because you do not know the answer to it ? lisa nabody can answer that question . trotter ( to judge ) you honor , I move to disqualify Ms. vito as a expert witness ... ( continued ) 113 continued : the judge 2/7/91 ( 4 ) judge ( to Lisa ) can you answer the question ? lisa no - it 's a trick question . judge why be it a trick question ? lisa chevy do not make a 327 engine in ' 55 . the 327 do not come out ' till ' 62 and it be not offer in the bel Air with a four barrel carburetor ' till ' 64 . ( add ) however , in ' 64 , the correct ignition timing would be 4 degree before top dead center . and jury be impressed . vinny 's proud . trotter ( reluctantly , but undeniably impressed ) she 's acceptable . vinny get up . the judge vinny you honor , this be . a photograph ny fiancee take outside the sac-o - sud . can we agree on this ? trotter ( glance at it ) yes . vinny I have like to submit this photograph of the tire mark as evidence . look at trotter . trotter no objection . vinny show Lisa she photograph . vinny nia . ae aut oe sa eee '' we 2/7/91 118a . 113 continued : ( 6 ) lisa you know I do . vinny and what be it of ? lisa you know what it 's of . vinny Ms. vito , it have be arque by not , the defense , that two set of guy meet up at the same ' sac~o - sud 's at the same time in wahzoo City , beechum County , Alabama , drive identical metallic mint green 1964 buick special convertible . can you tell , by what you see in this photograph , if the defense 's case hold water ? ( continued ) 113 continued : ( 5 ) Lisa look at the photo again , but this time ... insert tire photo ... something occur to she ~ what she see in the picture in incontrovertible proof of the boy 's innocence - it dawns on she , vinny will win the case - and she can help . she look at vinny , smug as he can he . vinny shrug amiably . vinny Ms. vito , could you please answer the question ? do the defense case hold water ? lisa no . the defense be wrong . vinny ( beat , toy ) ' be you sure 's ? lisa positive . vinny how can you be so sure ? lisa because there ' 's no way this mark could have be make by a ' 64 buick skylark . ( leok at photo ) this mark be make by a ' 63 pontiac Tempest . trotter ( hiss ) objection , you honor . could we clarify to the court whether the witness be state opinion or fact ? judge ( to Lisa ) this be you opinion ? lisa it 's a fact . vinny I can not believe this kind of information can be ascertain simply by look at a photograph ! lisa would you like I to explain ? 113 continued : 120 . ( 6 ) vinny I would love to hear this . judge so would i. lisa orefer to photo} the car that make this two , equal length tire make , have positraction - you can not make that mark without positraction , which be not available on a ' 64 skylark . vinny why not ? what be positraction ? lisa it 's a limited slip differential that distribute power equally to both the right and leave tire . { trotter and wilbur quietly exchange word . ) the skylark have a regular differential which ... anyone 's who 's ever be stick in the mud in Alabama know that when you step on the gas , one tire spin and the other do nothing . the jury know that , and so do the judge , and the bailiff . trotter know it too , and he lack of expression say so . vinny be that it ? lisa no , there 's more . ( point to picture ) when the right wheel go up on the curb , the leave tire mark remain flat and even . the ' 64 buick skylark have a solid rear axle , so when the right wheel go up ... ( demonstrate with she finger ) ».e the leave wheel tilt out and ride on it 's leave edge . but this do not happen here . ( more ) 113 continued : ( 7 ) lisa ( cont no ) this mark be flat , which mean this car have ... ndemonstrate with finger ) ... a independent rear suspension . ( in sum ) now , in the sixty , there be only two other car make in America with a independent rear suspension , positraction and enough power to make this mark . one be the corvette , which cannot be confuse with a buick skylark . the other car , however , have the same body length , height , width , weight , wheelbase , and wheel track as the 1964 buick special , - and that be the 1963 pontiac Tempest . vinny and , because both car be make by g.m. , be both available in metallic mint Green paint ? lisa they be . vinny thank you , Ms. vito. ( to judge ) : no more question , thank you , very much , you have be a lovely witness . 122. vinny go and sit down with the boy . the boy be elate ~ they pat vinny on the back . vinny and Lisa exchange loving look . trotter be have a animated conversation with wilbur . judge Mr. trotter ? would you like to question Ms. vito ? trotter and wilbur appear to be argue . wilbur be shaking he head , trotter be press , wilbur continue to shake he head . judge Mr. trotter ...? wilbur shake he head some more . the judge do not like it . eee * vo aeie . tamal continued ) 113 2/7/91 122. + continued : ( 9 ) judge ( 0.5 ) Mr. trotter ...? wilbur and trotter have clearly have a fall out . trotter uh , no you honor , no question . vinny see this and on a hunch , he rise and ... vinny in that case , you honor , I would like to re-call George wilbur . trotter look like kh quarterback who drop the ball as wilbur take the stand . _ 7 godge you realize you be still under oath ? wilbur yes , sir . vinny ( approach stand ) Mr , wilbur , what have you think of Ms. vito 's testimony ? wilbur very impressive . vinny ( look at Lisa ) she ' 's cute too , heh ? wilbur yes , very ... trotter you honor , I ... judge sustain . Mr. gambone ... vinny sorry . Mr. wilbur , in you expert opinion , would you say that everything Ms. vito say on the stand be 100 % accurate ? ( continued ) 2/7/92 123 , 113 continued : ( 10 ) wilbur I have have to say that . trotter 's sick . the sheriff enter at the back . vinny be there anyway in the world that buick drive by the defendant could have make that tire mark ? wilbur ( think , shake head ) actually , no . vinny thank you . no more question . vinny turn and see the sheriff at the back . the sheriff nod at he . vinny ( dramatically ) - you honor , I call ... sheriff farley , there be a hubbub in the court . the sheriff take the stand . vinny sheriff farley . £r...ah ... ( he do not know what exactly to 's ask ) what do you just find out ? sheriff on a hunch ... . ( snile at vinny ) +e . I take it upon myself the check out if there be any information ona ' 63 pontiac Tempest steal or abandon recently . ( held up paper ) this computer read - out confirm . that two boy who fit the defendant 's description be arrest two day ago by sheriff tillman in jasper County , Georgia , for drive a steal metallic mint green 1964 pontiac Tempest with a white convertible top , michelin model xgv tire , size 75 x... with positraction . ( continued ) 2/7/91 124 , 113 continued : ( 11 ) vinny be that it ? sheriff no. a 357 Magnum revolver be find in they possession . vinny could you refresh the court 's memory ? ... what caliber bullet be use in the murder of jimny Willis ? sheriff , a 357 magnun . vinny .° thank you . the defense rest . vinny sit down . judge ( smile ) . Mr. trotter ? . trotter just sit there . he sigh , then look at vinny and smile defeatedly . he stand . trotter in light of Ms. vito 's , and Mr. wilbur 's testimony ... ' ( beat ) '' +e. the State would like to dismiss all charge ... vinny jump up , kiss Lisa . Stan and Bill jump , double high five each other , then both hug vinny . trotter «ee against William gambone and stanley rothenstein . ( more ) page 125 be omit . 2/7/92 126 . page 125 be omit . 113a omitted 114 omitted 114k ext . = courthouse ~ that afternoon vinny be surround by a enthusiastic and admire crowd include Stan , Bill , Star , sheriff farley , and other . vinny glance at he watch and whisper urgently to Lisa . | . vinny I have get to get out of here by three . be the bag in the car ? she nod and go . she go , he turn in a rush and run into Stan , who have a impromptu thank you speech for vinny . he cheose he word , " carefully " which feel endless for vinny . stan vinny , I be sorry to have ever doubted you at any time . for this I apologize . I think , under the circumstance , that you do a... fantastic job , and ... vinny ( interrupt ) you be vary , very welcome , stan. ( glance nervously at courthouse ) »« '' I hope we can do it again sonetime , vinny shake he hand and then turn to Bill , who stumble try to find the appropriate word , but nothing seem appropriate , so instead , he simply embrace vinny . vinny you be welcome , you be welcome ae Bill stop , look at vinny , and ... bill uh ... vin ... I ... well ... vinny can not take it . he try to wrap thing up - so he give Bill a avick hua . then ... I . * 114a continued : vinny ( quickly ) g’head and take the time , put the right word together and give I a call in New York . Bill embrace he again . vinny check he watch . it 's 3:00 . Bill stop , try to speak again . bill ( wipe away a tear ) vin , I ... uh ... vinny you know Bill , it 's obvious that word simply can not express what you be feel , so ... ' another quick hug , then .-» I x11 see yah . vinny push he away and duck another foot closer to the car , and run into trotter . : trotter é vinny , you do a terrific job . . * vinny thanks . trotter and there 's and open invitation whenever you feel like come down here . Lisa drive up in the caddy and wait at the curb . vinny see she . vinny ( move around he ) thank you , thank you Jim . but if I do not get out of here I might not ever leave ... ( continued ) lec renee a nccaa cole ntn lot ct coll icc 14a he get into the car . 2/7/91 ( 2 ) judge Mr. gambone , I have a fax here from the clerk in New York . ( vinny 's face fall ) I owe you a apology , sir . I / m honore to shake you hand . ( shake vinny 's hand , mimick vinny ) " win some , lose some ... " . you courtroom manner may be rather unconventional , but you be one hell of a trial lawyer . I be honore to shake you hand . vinny ( momentarily speechless ) and you be one hot-shit , fuckin ' judge . judge Goodbye now . - caddy - day vinny what the hell be that all about ? lisa I have a friend send a fax to the judge confirm the impressive legal stature of Jerry callo . 128. vinny hurry to the curb , follow by the small crowd . as he reach the car the judge step into frame and interrupt he . the judge be hold a sheet of fax paper . vinny think he 's the judge wave as they drive away . vinny 's impressed , then he wonder who Lisa would know in the clerk 's office . she would not know anybody . ( continued ) 115a continued : a 128a . vinny what friend do you have at the clerk 's office ? lisa you friend ? vinny who ? lisa judge malloy . vinny ( agitate , but not angry ) judge malloy ? lisa yeah , you be drive he car . vinny I know I be drive he car . [ I know who he be ! lisa ( defiantly ) so , what 's you problem ? vinny I want to win my first case without anybody 's help . lisa I quess that plan 's moot . vinny ( some resentment ) yeah . ( continued ) a I sct orr rally itp it a gh Te not ao rn 115a continued : ee 1288 . ( 2 ) lisa this could be a sign of thing to come ; you win you case - but with " someone else 's help " , right ? you win case after case and then afterwards , you have to go up to someone and say ... " thank you " . oh my God - what a fuckin’ nightmare ! vinny give she a " look " - pretend he 's angry , but he 's not at all angry . in fact he feeis desperately romantic . and Lisa know it . vinny I win ny first case . you know what this mean , do not you ? lisa you think I be go to marry you ? vinny you be not go to marry I now ? lisa no way . vinny give she a question look . ( he do not believe she ) . lisa you can not win a case by yourself . you be fuckin’ useless . camera pull back as they continue to argue . and the car drive off into the distance . vinny ( 0.5 . ) I think we have get marry this weekend . lisa ( 0.s. ) you do not get it , do you ? that 's not romantic . I want a wedding 4n church with bridesmaid and flower . vinny ( 0.s. ) you have say many time that be spontaneous be romantic . ( continued )