my friend dahmer by Marc meyer base on the graphic novel by John backderf over black : when I be a kid , I be just like anybody else . - Jeffrey dahmer fade in : a dead cat on the side of the road . fly swarm around . Cars pass . then , a thunderous rumble . the large tire of a pencil yellow school bus approach and come into focus . ext . country road , ohio - afternoon ( 1977 ) - establishing the bus barrel down the two -lane blacktop , cut through the wood countryside . jeff dahmer , 16 , gaze out the window . his blank face be hide behind wire -rimmed glass and shaggy , towheaded hair . his eye track the roadkill as the bus drive past . int . school bus - continuous full of jabber teenager . awkward freshman sit closer to the front . cooler kid own the back row . in a middle row , Jeff be by he lonesome . Three average teenager in the row directly in front of he play twenty question : pimple face be it a person ? BOWL CUT yes . freckle face be the person live ? BOWL CUT yes . pimple face be the person famous ? BOWL CUT sort of . the Bus driver grip the steering wheel as the bus hit a cluster of pothole . everyone bounce , but no pause to the antic . JOHN '' derf '' backderf , 17 , sit in the front . he have a subversive confidence . already resign to he band - nerd status , he no longer give a shit . he rip out a page from he pad : derf dang it . the bumpy ride ruin he cartoon . he start a new sketch that mock the Bus Driver clenching the steering wheel : bus driver calm down in the back . sit down ... the bus thunder along and turn onto west bath road . Jeff 's eye land on a neighborhood jogger , late 40s , handsome and lean , run in the same direction as the bus . he 's dress in classic 70 run attire : nike , color stripe tube sock , adida short . the bus stop . several kid unload . the jogger run ahead . the bus pick up speed . again , Jeff 's eye lock on the Neighborhood jogger . Jeff study the jogger 's stride , he arm move back & forth , thigh pump , he stoic face . the bus accelerate . the Neighborhood jogger start to disappear behind the bus in the distance . Jeff head up the aisle to the rear emergency exit door , try to keep he sight on the jogger . he 's oddly fixate . bus driver ( cont ’d ) sit down in the back . can not see . who be that ? the front row freshmen shrug . they do not know . bus driver ( cont ’d ) hey ! other kid on the bus do not know either . bus driver ( cont ’d ) who 's that ? derf look up from he draw pad . derf ( eye roll ) that 's Jeff dahmer . bus driver Jeff . sit down . Jeff get a tap on the shoulder . he turn around . jeff but I do not do anything . Jeff return to he seat . the bus accelerate again ... ext . school bus - moment later the bus dump Jeff and some other kid off at they stop . ext . dahmer family home - driveway - continuous Jeff step up to the edge of the driveway and wait . there again , the Neighborhood jogger approach . get closer - Jeff smile , yet afraid to wave , as the jogger run right past and continue up the slope . once the jogger disappear over the hill , Jeff lower he head and shuffles up the driveway . his shoulder thrust slightly forward . a strangely rigid and inflexible figure . the stiff , awkward gait of a kid uncomfortable in the world . int . dahmer family home - kitchen - continuous Jeff dump he backpack on the floor . he head into the de . the hallway wall be line with dismal wood panele . he hear chatter around the corner and curiously backtrack . int . dahmer family home - live room - continuous Jeff enter the live room . a wall of window look out on the wood property sloping below . he discover he fragile mother , joyce dahmer , 41 , on the sofa . she flip through a lookbook with mr . burlman , a middle - age man with a slight twitch . mr . burlman i- i- I think we cud frame the wall of window with dwape . Joyce look up and notice -- joyce Jeff . hi . what about tennis practice ? jeff told you already , tennis season end . 4 . Mr. burlman stand . his knee knock . he wobble toward Jeff , and extend he hand . joyce this be Mr. burlman , my new interior decorator . Mr. burlman 's twitching escalate . mr . burlman hehwo ... braaa ... Jeff . joyce do not be alarmed . just a mild case of -- mr . burlman p-p-palsy . joyce he 's a very talented designer . mr . burlman thank you , Mrs. d-d-dahmer . jeff hi. Mr. burlman tremble for a beat , stick . mr . burlman n-n-nice to meet you . jeff uh-huh . Jeff cut through and exit the side door to return outside . ext . dahmer family home - back yard - continuous Jeff chuckle to himself . the man 's tick amuse he , as it would any teenager . jeff ( to himself ) dwape . ext . country road - later Jeff tread along the side of the road . tennis sneaker grind against the pebbly dirt . his pace slow . at he foot be the same roadkill , spot from the bus . he tap the dead cat with he sneaker . 5 . Jeff reach down and pick it up . hold it preciously in he palm . he compulsively squeeze it . a slight sound escape from the decompose inside . he smirk . prepare for such a macabre discovery , Jeff pull a crumpled plastic bag from he pocket and place the roadkill inside . ext . country road - afternoon a bunch of teenager on bike maraud down the road . Little concern for traffic . bossy c'mon . I do not wanna miss monty python . lanky nudge nudge . wink wink . know what I mean ? bossy say no more . say no more . shorty car . the teenager swoop to the shoulder to let the car pass . they keep peddle up the hill , huffing it . suddenly , a dog snarl at they from the edge of a property and they pedal quick , but the incline make a quick getaway that much harder . shorty ( cont ’d ) we shoulda go the other way . they run straight into Jeff who 's walk down the hill , carry he souvenir . jeff you be safe . the dog 's harmless and on a chain . the teens catch they breath . they be immediately curious -- bossy hey , dahmer . why be you carry around ... ( glance in the bag ) ew !... Dead cat !?! jeff I be gonna dissolve it . lanky huh ? jeff in some acid . bossy whaaat ? you be so fulla crap . shorty where do you get acid ? jeff my dad 's a chemist . I can get my hand on it easy . lanky yeah right -- jeff come see if you do not believe I . they follow Jeff down the hill . ext . dahmer family home - wooded front yard - afternoon tucked in the wood on the side of the property , just fifty foot from the road , be a man -made wooden shed . weed grow up the wall . Jeff and the gang of curious teenager approach . int . hut - continuous they enter . a rickety door . a musty space . assortment of glass jar line the shelf . each contain a brown , murky substance , individually label : raccoon , crow , rabbit , etc . jeff welcome to my science project . Jeff place the dead cat on the table , then retrieve a aluminum container . jeff ( cont 'd ) this acid be kinda weak ... so it take more than a couple of week for the flesh to dissolve . he pour acid into a empty jar , then force the cat inside . bossy yuck . Jeff pour in some more acid and cap it off . shorty wha- wha - why be you do this ? jeff I like to study bone . it - it interest I . what 's inside ... bossy aw , this be all total bullcrap ! Dead animal , acid , c’mon . I bet this jar be fulla nothin’ but muddy water . browbeaten bead of sweat dot Jeff 's forehead . he push past and reach for a jar on a top shelf . label : raccoon . jeff see this . I find it a month ago on hametown Road . the flesh be almost completely dissolve now . bossy ha ! yeah right . jeff snap . he throws the jar down on the floor , shatter on impact . remnant of a half - dissolve raccoon spill out . flesh - pudding and bone . a jawbone . gnarly raccoon foot . the stench be palpable , like a hundred rotten egg . they all gag , bump into one another as they squeeze out the door . ext . wood - hut - continuous Jeff and the other teenager scatter away from the hut , hold they nose , retching . one vomit in the dirt . bossy gawd , dahmer ! you be such a freak . the teens run off , abandon he . Jeff stand alone on the edge of he property - a stiff silhouette . int . dahmer family home - dine area - night Jeff 's father lionel dahmer , 41 , sit at the head of the dining table . a man of high intellect but unable to connect over quotidian detail with he chafing wife or two son , Jeff and dave , 10 . lionel serve himself some peas and carrot . nearby , in the kitchen , Joyce anxiously pull a chicken out of the oven . lionel ( break the silence ) someone pass the iced tea . Dave reach for it . Jeff take the pitcher and pass it . jeff how be you day , dad ? lionel uneventful . dave Mrs. demeson read more from Charlotte 's web today -- jeff dad , be there a stronger chemical I could use ? something that work faster ? joyce Jeff , let you brother speak . what 's the book about , Dave ? dave it 's a ... about a spider who talk to a pig name wilbur who 's go to be slaughter by a butcher . lionel let I think . Joyce serve a under - cook chicken . joyce Jeff , give you brother the drumstick . jeff why ? he do not - I like the dark meat . lionel Jeff . Jeff oblige and give the two drumstick to he brother . they pick at the chicken . it 's raw on the bone . dave dad , why be there toilet paper in we tree , again ? lionel I do not know , son . Jeff lower he head . lionel sneak a peak in he direction . lionel ( cont ’d ) how 's tennis , Jeff ? jeff it end over a week ago . but next year I get a chance to be rank second singles . lionel next fall , how about play some team sport ? or join some club ... Jeff choke on he food , and the intimidating suggestion . joyce shoot , I forget the potato . Joyce beeline back to the oven . jeff I be in the march Band too . lionel I know , but ... something new might lead to some better friend . Friends be we connection to the world . Joyce return with hot potato and drop they on the plate . dave Chicken 's red inside , Mom . Joyce stop move and examine the table . joyce you do not like my cooking ? New house rule . we eat we mistake . Joyce sit . the two boy pick at the food . lionel and Joyce make eye contact across the table . Jeff note they glare , full of resentment . ext . revere high school - morning - establishing a drive of student mill about . it 's a quintessential public high school - soulless , modular formation of red brick . a school bus pull in and drop off another herd of teenager . some kid gather around the school rock . this deface boulder be the student 's billboard : graffiti , couple 's initial , and the declaration '' balderelli suck '' and '' class of ' 77 rule ! '' 10 . int . revere high school - hallway - morning Jeff walk warily down the overcrowded hall , teeming with mid - 70 trend , hormone , and bravado . platform shoe . Bell bottom . layer long hair and sideburn . '' sabbath bloody sabbath '' by Black sabbath blare from a beatbox . two senior bully -jocks shove Jeff into the wall -- bully-jocks outta my way , dumber ! Dumb ass . Jeff slide to the floor . he scurries to pick up he book . int . biology CLASS - day work by himself , Jeff peer into a microscope . several row ahead , derf and two rascally cohort , kent and mike , joke around . Kent wear a kiss T-shirt , almost always . he also wear a skeptical attitude . Mike be constantly jovial , with a paunchy , short physique to match . ms . bowle , 5as , limp around class . her metal ankle - brace creak and distract , as do she lisp . ms . bowle Mr. John backderf . have you match , um , the chloroplatz ? derf we be workin’ on it , miss bowle . kent yeah , we be on question sixteen to be precise . Ms. bowle look at they papers . derf 's margin be fill with doodle of the girl 's butt in the row ahead . ms . bowle Gather you stuff . derf me? we be - we be take turn on the scope , miss -- ms . bowle over here . with Jeff . derf geez . Ms. bowle lead derf to the back row . 11 . ms . bowle Jeff , keep on the same slide and give Mr. backderf a look . derf focus to complete the assignment . ms. bowle stroll down the side of she classroom and glance in a cabinet . jeff lock eye on a jarre fetal pig on a shelf , unaware derf be now copying he answer . int . cafeteria - lunch hour Jeff carry he tray from the kitchen into a boisterous cafeteria . he sulk past the stereotypical cluster of clique at separate table : psycho -stoner , lead by lloyd figg , give each other dead arm . Lloyd 's the school 's premier delinquent . bully -jocks , lead by the quarterback , flirt with the prom queen wannabe at the next table . band nerd , lead by derf , who chortle over a mad Magazine and trade music cassettes . Jeff find a seat at a table against the back wall . the table be empty , except for oliver zlatka , 16 , a sophomore and the school 's effeminate weakling . Jeff sit at the far end to lessen they association . oliver hey . Jeff nod , keep to himself . he shyly eat . oliver ( cont ’d ) I be go away this summer to a wilderness camp . but in exchange my dad say I can get ticket to see Neil sedaka in concert . jeff my favorite . oliver I know . wanna go ? jeff um , sure . prom Queen wannabe wendy watkins butt in -- wendy ( nudge Jeff ) hey , kid , you be in my spot . move. 12 . Jeff slide closer to Oliver . Wendy stand on a empty chair and get the crowd 's attention -- wendy ( cont ’d ) over here . everyone ! another prom queen wannabe quiet . wendy quiet . thanks . I be only talk to the senior , so the rest of you just keep you trap shut . as you know , I be on the prom Planning Committee and I have - we have put we heart into the event which be right around the corner . it 's go to be the best prom ever and just a reminder that voting for prom King and Queen end this Friday . and , and it just come to my -- figg knock over Oliver 's food tray . figg hey , faggot . she 's talk . laughter erupt . wendy stop that -- figg you be a little fruit . wendy freakin 's junior , stop that . figg start to give Oliver a wedgie in the aisle . bully - jock cheer he on . more widespread laughter and applause , even from derf and he band - nerd cohort . lunchroom monitor swarm in and pull figg away . in the confusion , Jeff slip out , undetected . he 's relieved he be not the target . int . hut - afternoon at he work table , Jeff pull a lumpy mass - wrap in a undershirt - from he backpack . he unveil the fetal pig , steal from biology class . Jeff hold it preciously in he palm and thumb its belly . 13 . int . dahmer family home - den - night Jeff stare blankly at the Mary Tyler Moore show as he finish a bowl of cereal , block out he parent 's argument in the live room nearby -- lionel ( 0.s. ) I can not believe you do that without discuss it first . joyce ( 0.s. ) why ? you always say no to everything . lionel ( 0.s. ) Joyce , I be not pay for a crony drape hanger . joyce ( 0.s. ) Interior decorator . there 's a difference . Dave sidle down the hall to get a look . lionel you be not capable of this kind of project . it need attention , dedication . next week you be go to want to do pottery . joyce that 's hardly - I be ready to go back to work . lionel what - how ? joyce ( gesture to she son ) David will be eleven . lionel shoos David away . joyce ( cont 'd ) he 's old enough to let himself in . Lynn watkin up the street go back to work . Cynthia bakula be sell real estate now , she 's not even around on the weekend . even Jane kyriazis be do bookkeeping . lionel May I remind you , you have be back from the mental hospital for less than a year . besides . 14 . a strain pause . lionel ( cont ’d ) ( walk away ) forget it . joyce forget what ? lionel ... just a month ago you see a ufo fly past the house , and you chase it down the street in you bathrobe . joyce jerk . int . dahmer family home - jeff & dave 's bedroom - later Jeff and Dave lie in twin bed , force to listen to they parent 's continue argument on the other side of the wall : lionel ( 0.s . ) goddammit , joyce , I ’m not go to have this argument again ! it 's not even about that guy . Dave sniffles . Jeff wipe a tearful eye . joyce ( 0.s. ) you be a fascist , you know that . lionel ( 0.s. ) we be talk about nothing . we have nothing leave to say to each other -- joyce ( 0.s. ) I have plenty , do not get I start . lionel ( 0.s. ) shut the hell up . joyce ( 0.s. ) I have have it with -- slam ! a door shut in a face . absolute silence , except for Dave 's sniffle . Jeff slide over to he brother 's bed to comfort he . dave be they go to hit each other ? jeff no , they just yell . 15 . int . revere high school - band room - day mr . hick , the heavy - set armpit-stain band leader , conduct a rehearsal . Jeff play trumpet . in the back row , derf play tuba beside Kent on percussion . Mr. hick wrap up the song . mr . hick that sound excellent . the trumpet and clarinet be pitch perfect . a momentary proud smile cross Jeff 's face . mr. hick ( cont 'd ) groovy . you play like that at we year end recital and we be gonna blow scalp off the audience ... Band member sort of understand he latest idiom . mr . hick ( cont ’d ) «+ . once again , from the top . ext . revere high school - parking lot - afternoon Oliver lurk among the park car , hide . two bully -jocks find he and approach . Oliver back up , timid . moose hey , faggot . there you be . gooch you have be avoid we all day . Jeff appear - he backpack and trumpet case sling over he shoulder - not expect to find anyone other than Oliver . oliver hey , Jeff . gooch come to save the day , dahmer ? jeff no , no -- moose be you go to defend this homo with you trumpet case ? gooch I get a trumpet you can blow . jeff I be just gonna tell he somethin’ . 16 . moose go ahead , I have like to see this . jeff forget it . oliver ( blurt out ) Jeff , I get the Neil sedaka ticket for this Saturday . Jeff act surprised , like he do not know Oliver 's reference . the bully encroach on Oliver . moose you guy go together ? cute . jeff I be not go to any concert - it 's not my thing , you know . oliver but my dad say he 'il pick you up this Saturday around five ... the bully - jock beat up on Oliver - it 's routine . Jeff slip away , abandon the scene for he own safety . ext . dahmer family home - afternoon lionel pull into the driveway in he gray 1974 amc pacer . he grab he leather briefcase and head inside . int . dahmer family home - continuous lionel look for Jeff around the house . he find Dave in the de watch family feud on tv . lionel hi , Dave . so where 's you brother ? dave I think he 's in he lab . be there for hour . lionel and you mother ? Dave shrug . 17 . E / i. hut - afternoon lionel swing OPEN the door and barge in . Jeff be busy examine rodent bone . the fetal pig be in a jar label : baby pig . jeff dad , you be never home this early . realizing the breadth of the dead animal collection , lionel snatch several jar for a closer look . jeff ( cont 'd ) dad !?! lionel that 's enough , Jeff . lionel leave with the jar . Jeff 's confuse , but he attention quickly return to the bone fragment . suddenly , lionel impetuously pull the door off the hinges . jeff dad ! ?! lionel you be spend too much time in here . with a burst of adrenaline , lionel stiff - arm Jeff to keep away and start pull more jar from the hut . jeff do not , do not ... a moment later ; lionel dump the jar in the trash can . Jeff impotently circle the hut as lionel continue to empty it of its jar , acid , and other content . Jeff move to save some and prevent he father -- lionel ( assertive ) I let you have a pet cemetery when you be a kid , but then this ... Dave have wander over and watch from a distance . lionel ( cont ’d ) you need , Jeff , to come out , to come out of you shell , something more normal . 18 . jeff I be in the band . I be -- lionel you be not hearing I . lionel drag out the work table . lionel ( cont ’d ) I do not understand what happen ... he push and sway the hut , loosen its construction . he tear it apart until it collapse , revealing Jeff shudder with fear . Jeff 's most contain obsession be now history . lionel catch he breath . Jeff and Dave stand around and look at the flatten hut as lionel drag the trashcan away . ext . dahmer family home - back yard - moment later Jeff hide the content of one jar ( which he clearly swipe ) behind a tree . he cover the bone with leave . int . dahmer family home - kitchen lionel , Jeff , and Dave pick at leftover for dinner . Dave hum as he eat , while Jeff pout . Joyce be absent . lionel you always like perform as a kid . Jeff , maybe ... how about do theater ? or something else ? any of it could ... at least help you acceptance to college . silence . int . revere high school - CLASS room - day Jeff keep to himself , head lower , in the back of class . int . cafeteria - day Jeff eat by himself . school spirit approach , gregarious . school spirit wanna sign up for Key Club ? ( no response ) we be look for new recruit who can be active over the summer . just because school 's out , it do not mean we stop help people in we community . would you like to help other in you community ? 19 . jeff no . ext . revere high school - parking lot - day derf , Kent , and Mike be join by buddy neil , also a jokester but the most empathetic of the bunch . they take turn toss a break bike pedal into a garbage pail , like a game of horse , waste time ... kent we be still trap in this wasteland for another year . Jeff creep past . derf I know - it might drive I crazy . senior year 's go to suck , I be ready to get out . Jeff start to approach , hope to join in they game . a tense teacher pop out of the side door -- teacher hey , be you in a after-school program ? mike not right now -- neil tennis season be over . derf march band be only in the fall -- teacher well then , get off school grounds . the day 's over . you can not be hang around with nothing to do . go , get ... derf , Kent , Mike and Neil withdraw , tittering . none of they notice Jeff nearby . he cut the other way . figg body check Jeff . figg wanna catch a buzz ? cupped in figg 's hand be a joint . 20 . figg ( cont 'd ) straight off the boat . Seven buck . ( no response ) yesterday , I freakin toke - up and hit a thousand in mailbox baseball . hesitantly consider it , Jeff check he pocket . they be empty except for a plastic bag . figg ( cont 'd ) why the bag , dude ? jeff I pick up roadkill , but I be try to quit . figg i’1l get you roadkill . stick with I . figg drift by , already onto he next potential customer . ext . dahmer family home - front yard Jeff sit beside the flatten hut . he fondle the small , recover collection of rodent- size bone . then , the Neighborhood jogger run up the street , approach . Jeff check he watch as he edge closer to the street . he lurk in the bush , wait . the Neighborhood jogger trot past Jeff 's house . Jeff 's breathe quicken , excited . trail the jogger , Jeff weave through the bush . ext . country road - continuous Jeff jump out onto the shoulder of the road . he scurries , hesitantly , up the incline chasing after the jogger . further up the slope , the jogger pass Wendy watkin ( the prom queen wannabe ) . she 's retrieve mail . her irish setter yap at the jogger 's heel . she pull at the leash . wendy I be so sorry , so sorry . Jeff slow , keep a distance . he watch the jogger run away . check he watch once again . 21 . int . dahmer family home - jeff & dave '’s bedroom - evening Jeff stare out the window , eye lock on a squirrel stare right back at he , freeze on a branch . lionel drop by . lionel what be you do ? jeff stu-study for final . lionel can I have a minute ? look , I go through it too . it 's completely normal . puberty be this period when you sex gland become functional and you hypothalamus signal hormonal change that stimulate the pituitary . then , the gonad and testis ... anyway , it 's a awkward time . you must not forget all boy go through it too , not just you , so there 's no reason to be shy . jeff that 's not it , dad . lionel try I . I speak to someone at work about - I be ready to listen . jeff most everyone 's know I since elementary school , they be not go to change they mind now . it 'il be easier after I graduate . lionel but you can not - look ... okay ... the hut ... you have to understand , Jeff , I just get mad at you sometimes because I see in you thing I do not like about myself . I spend too much time in the chemistry lab , I know . I just want you to be more active than I be , have friend in a way I never really ... so ... I have something . lionel step away . he return and present two dumbbell . lionel ( cont ’d ) I pick this up at the summit mall . it will help , I think . ( more ) 22 . lionel ( cont 'd ) you will be more impressive , you might find it reward . and maybe some girl might notice you . right ? okay ? Jeff stare back , blankly . lionel set the dumbbell down and withdraw . Jeff push they away with he heel . int . dahmer family home - jeff & dave 's bedroom - that night Jeff hear he parent bicker again . joyce ( 0.s. ) you have to start somewhere -- lionel ( 0.s. ) it make no sense . it 's ugly . how much ? joyce ( 0.s. ) just a hundred and twenty - five dollar . lionel ( 0.s. ) for a pink fuck foot stool ? that 's ludicrous , Joyce ! desperate knock at the door . Jeff have place the dumbbell as doorstop . he move they away and let in Dave . Jeff peak out : joyce I think we should divorce . lionel divorce !?! over this foot stool ? joyce you don ’t believe I ? Jeff barge out . int . dahmer family home - live room - continuous Jeff snap , vehemently knock over a lamp . jeff will you stop ! stop it . lionel Jeff . jeff stop. Fighting . seriously . 23. joyce dammit . this do not concern you . lionel go to you room , Jeff . Jeff stew , stare at they . odd panting . the room be tight with tension . then , Jeff obediently retreat . int . dahmer family home - jeff & dave '’s bedroom - continuous Jeff lock the door . eye well up with tear . a jumble of emotion . he return one dumbbell to the door and take the other one to he bed . Dave watch as Jeff start do bicep curl , furiously . CUT to : bath , ohio during a carefree July day . teenager roam on bicycle . child play in a park . kide jump into the town pool . ext . bath TOWNSHIP park & pool - tennis court - day Jeff rally with Neil . Jeff hit a win forehand . neil wow , nice slice . why do not you hit like that last season ? Jeff shrug , not comfortable with compliment , as he fetch ball . Neil fetch he water . neil ( cont 'd ) I be head over to the pool to cool off . wanna come ? Jeff consider it , then shake he head no . neil ( cont 'd ) ah , C ’mon . ext . bath TOWNSHIP public pool - day Jeff tread water in the deep end . fixate on a group of young boy frolick nearby . he goggle at they lean , weightless body glisten in the water . 24 . neil Jeff , Jeff , move over . I be gonna dive right on you . Jeff swim away . int . dahmer family home - jeff & dave '’s bedroom - day Jeff sit at the edge of he bed do more bicep curl . ext . wood - day Jeff set a small , makeshift trap . he eye a squirrel nearby . ext . revere high school - front yard - day several senior paint '' class of ' 78 rule '' on the school rock . in the b.g. , Jeff walk through the front entrance . int . revere high school - hallway - day Jeff trudge down the hall . he 's taller and more muscular after a growth spurt and summer spend lift weight . he now fit into he father 's hand - me-down dress shirt and slack , and carry he old , leather briefcase . in contrast to the colorful 70 fashion in full bloom , this , ironically , cast a studious appearance to teacher scan the hall . int . history CLASS - day mr . fedele , a jovial scatterbrain , struggle to get command of he classroom . mr . fedele everyone , quiet down . I know it 's exciting to catch up after summer break . Jeff be detach in the back row . mr . fedele ( cont ’d ) I have rule , I must go over , I have rule . you attention , student . but no one in class really care . fedele 's weak reputation precede he . student pass note and gossip . derf doodle a cartoon of fedele for a audience of onlooker . mr . fedele ( cont ’d ) that 's enough . quiet . alright , good . thank you . Mr. fedele start pass out textbooks from the stack . 25 . mr . fedele ( cont ’d ) you senior year american History honor class will focus on Federal government and we president . why be history important ? Mr. fedele notice Jeff hunkere down in the back . mr . fedele ( cont ’d ) you . why be history important ? Jeff mumble . mr . fedele ( cont ’d ) what ? jeff ( mumble ) uh , it 's important ... dunno . mr. fedele you all must speak clearly . jeff ( mumble , like a moan ) I dunno . chortle from student . derf turn . Jeff mumble again - this time intentionally for attention . laughter escalate . the reaction surprise Jeff . he smirk , then : jeff ( cont 'd ) brrrrraaaa dunno . laughter erupt . mr . fedele quiet ! let I answer . we can only really know about ourselves if we come to better understand we past . turn to page ten in you new text book . int . history CLASS - later riiing . the period bell halt fedele 's lecture . kid head for the door . mr . fedele wait , before you forget , take a permission slip and packet home for we spring trip to DC . everyone must get a parent to sign it . 26 . a fellow student approvingly pat Jeff on the shoulder as they head out . Jeff grin . int . auditorium - afternoon a drama geek finish she audition song : drama geek if happy little bluebird fly beyond the rainbow , why , oh why can not I ? musical director thank you , very nice , melody , beautiful as always . ( scan the audition sign - up sheet ) next up , Oliver Zlatka . Oliver scamper onto the stage . Jeff be in the audience , slouched in a seat against the wall . musical director ( cont 'd ) hi , Oliver . apology . unfortunately , I be instruct by the pta to do a musical this year , to be more inclusive . oliver ( sing off key ) somewhere over the rainbow , way up high , there 's a land that I have hear of , once in a lullaby . Jeff wipe nervous bead of sweat from he forehead . oliver ( cont 'd ) somewhere over the rainbow , sky be blue , and the dream ... Oliver stop himself , know he audition be awful . a awkward silence . Oliver exit the auditorium , head down . musical director next up . Jeff dahmer . musical director wait . no one come on stage . musical director ( cont 'd ) Jeff dahmer ? that scattered around the seat look around . Jeff cover he face . a look of self - doubt come over he . he slip out . 27 . musical director ( cont ’d ) okay , lose you chance . next up be Alan tomczak . int . revere high school - library - day Jeff sit at a read table scan the quiet scene . he study a pack of student do homework at another table . a light bulb go off ... Jeff growls . louder and louder , evolve into a widespread moan . shoulder jerk up . jeff ... baaaaaaa ! arrrr ! baaaaa ! totally unexpected , the other student laugh . mrs . woodard , the irascible librarian , storm in from a book aisle . find everyone read , swallow they amusement . mrs . woodard who do that !? she beeline it over to the table of snicker student . mrs . woodard ( cont ’d ) be it you ? behave yourself or get out of my library . they remain tight - lipped . Mrs. woodard look around , then return to she chore filing away book . again , it go quiet ... then : jeff ( moan ) brrra ! thmaaa ! more snicker . Mrs. woodard burst in , again . she 's fuming . still no clue -- mrs . woodard who keep make that noise ? Jeff lower he head . a smirk creep across he face . feeling a connection to the other kid . int . revere high school - MAIN hallway - day Jeff pass Neil and he friend , include derf , and hint : jeff hey man , watch this . 28. Jeff step into the middle of the main hallway and throw a sudden , sprawling epileptic -like fit his arm flail . his tongue wag out of he mouth . it 's hilarious and bizarre . a crowd gather . laughter and cheer . derf , Neil , Mike , and Kent rush over for a front row view . widespread laughter from the swell crowd . though , a few straight - lace kid flee in confusion . Jeff continue spazzing , center stage . riiing . student scurry off to class . yet , Jeff continue flail for a few straggler . appreciate the display , derf be one of the very last to split . become a empty hallway . only then , Jeff get up and head to class himself , pleased with the result . int . revere high school - hallway - later classroom empty out at the end of another period . derf , Neil , Kent , and Mike gather at they locker . derf dude , what 's the dealio with dahmer ? kent be he insane or what ? derf I think he 's hilarious . neil yeah . that 's new . derf Heard he spazze in math too . kent for the last couple of day , he 's be do a dahmer , I call it . derf I have never really speak to he . neil we rally in tennis but that 's it . 29 . Kent nudge derf . there 's Jeff shuffle past . they give he a thumb up . Jeff bleep back -- jeff baaaaaa . they be amused . int . gymnasium - day gym class . two team captain pick player for dodgeball . team captain and I 'il take backderf . a couple more name be call . Jeff and a scrawny kid be the last one leave . scrawny be pick . team captain ( cont ’d ) uh , alright ... I guess we get doofus dahmer . the team take they side , readying for play . coach natale whistle . a mad rush to the ball . a blitzkrieg of ball fly in Jeff 's direction , along with insult . he 's quickly obliterate . he cross to the sideline . more ball strike he in the head . coach natale ( tardy ) no headhunt . moment later ; as the game continue , derf be also out . together on the sideline : derf do not it bother you ? the way some of they talk about you , right to you face ? jeff use to it . somehow I 'il get ‘em back . derf wo not get any better for this psycho - stoner loser . at least we best day be ahead of we . Jeff nod , though uncertain . int . cafeteria - day Jeff sit alone . derf drop by . 30 . derf hey , dahmer . curious if you want to join we at we table . Jeff turn . he see Neil and other band nerd buddy watch , wait for Jeff 's response . derf ( cont 'd ) no reason a champion spazzer have to sit here in hell . c’mon over . we get parking lot view . Jeff take he tray and follow derf to he table . Neil pull out a seat for Jeff . they welcome he with dahmerism - baaaa , thmaaaa , etc . kent kudos on you freakin’ spazze , dude . totally classic . jeff uh huh . derf we dig it . neil where would you get the idea ? jeff I dunno . kent c'mon , man . mike dude , like , you know what it remind I of . there 's this decorator in town that my parent hire . he use to have little fit in we live room , till my toad fire he . jeff Mr. burlman . yeah , my mom hire he too . mike knew it . jeff after five month , all he add be a ugly pink foot stool . they laugh . 31 . jeff ( cont 'd ) ( spazze ) and lacey dwape . they laugh harder . derf where have you be ? I say we form the dahmer fan Club . jeff what ? derf yeah . Jeff brighten . derf ( cont 'd ) there 's just so much time leave . and with dahmer as we fearless leader , I really think we can disrupt revere High and ensure we go out in style . kent in infamy . neil yeah , and if we do not , I be gonna do something crazy like kill the Pope . Jeff smile , likely for the first time in school in age . derf I already ... ( flip through he notebook ) Drew you . derf show he cartoonish draw '' dahmer as a telephone pole '' of Jeff stiff & upright . compliment for the humorous depiction . Jeff relish the attention . derf ( cont 'd ) and as part of the dahmer fan Club , I appoint myself the Minister of propaganda . int . revere high school - hallway - day derf hurry to color in some last minute touch on a hand - draw poster . a subversive chuckle to himself . bandmate retrieve he and pull at he . 32 . kent derf , we be late . c’mon . int . gymnasium - moment later pep rally . cheerleader prance around in unison . the football team file onto the court in they new jersey . the march Band be stack into the bleacher , beside the rest of the student body . they play the quintessential pep rally song . derf play tuba . Kent on bass drum . hoisted on the wall above they be derf 's poster . it 's a large cartoon of a angry run back stomping Jeff dahmer flat on he back . it read : go minutemen ! crush the comet ! ( a speech bubble read : baaaaa ! ) several row ahead , Jeff play trumpet . once the song end , Jeff glance back at he large cartoon . give a thumb up to derf . Center court , the officious vice principal balderelli take the microphone . vice principal balderelli thank you , revere High march Band ! be proud minuteman ! cheer & applause from the bleacher . a couple of psycho - stoner taunt Oliver , wear sneaker decorate with school color . psycho -stoner hey , gay boy , be not you suppose to be up there with the cheerleader ? psycho-stoner shove Oliver off he seat . Oliver fumble before find another seat two row back , flee conflict . coach natale ( take the mic . ) hello , minuteman ! be you ready for a win season ? some of this guy have be play ball together since grade school , and they have be prepare for this season they whole life . let 's hear it for team Captain Hirsch . the cheerleader lead a cheer as the team Captain take center court , but instead the dahmer fan Club hail : the dahmer fan club go dahmer ! dahmer rule ! 33 . Kent pound on he drum . derf blow he tuba , off tune . from the stand , other periphery member disrupt . among they : neil / mike braaaaaaa . mraaaaa . thmaaaaaa . just as team Captain / quarterback Hirsch be about to speak -- derf go dahmer ! Jeff hoist the bell of he trumpet upward and blows a long , screeching cry that drown out the team Captain 's open remark . laughter erupt . coach natale cut that out , kid . musical director be freeze in shock . a hush run through the crowd . Jeff daringly blows another unruly screech , rouse more band member to copy and make noise . balderelli jump into action and climb into the stand . vice principal balderelli what 's you name ? balderelli grab Jeff by the arm and drag he off the line . the dahmer fan Club and other applaud the disturbance . balderelli lead Jeff to the door -- ext . revere high school - parking lot - continuous vice principal balderelli what 's you name ? before Jeff can stutter out a answer -- vice principal balderelli ( cont ’d ) I have bigger fish to fry . you hear I kid ? jeff I do not , I do not ... vice principal balderelli return inside , pull the door close behind he . the door lock , leave Jeff outside . ext . dahmer family home - wooded front yard - day Jeff wait in the bush . eagerness in he eye . palpitate with anticipation . he hear he come - huff ! huff ! - up the hill . 34 . the Neighborhood jogger trot by , muscle pulsing , chest out , hair bounce above he headband . Jeff stare , mouth agape . titillated ... then , just as quickly , the jogger breeze by up the hill and Jeff deflate ... he mood shift to shame and confusion . int . revere high school - hallway - day the dahmer fan Club pal around near they locker . a group of hot girl mingle nearby . kent they be totally out of we league . derf I know , a primo target . someone do a dahmer , do a dahmer . Jeff be more than willing to impress . he hand over he textbooks and run up the hallway , flailing he arm . jeff Hurricane drill . hurricane drill . he spook the girl , but run right past they . his spazz culminate outside the teacher 's lounge . jeff ( cont 'd ) help , help ! yet , the teacher be disinterested , mere head shake . neil so wrong , it 's so wrong ... Jeff continue to spazz , gain no further attention from the adult , as he continue flail out the back door . derf where 's he go !? in hysterics , the dahmer fan Club high five . int . english CLASS - day the hungover english teacher rest he head on he desk . the blackboard read : today 's assign . , read machiavelli 's the Prince , chap 1 & 2 . quietly . thank you ! derf draw a cartoon - '' dahmer in a bag of Grocery . '' penny , plainly cute & keenly observant , look on . 35 . penny ( whisper ) be dahmer you muse ? derf what ? no. penny sure look like it . you be talented . derf thanks . penny why do not you sketch I ? derf blushes . jeff ( nearby , interject ) I can draw you . derf let 's see . penny yeah . jeff okay ... first , get out of you chair . and lay down on the floor . chuckle . penny actually follow he direction and sit on the floor . Jeff retrieve chalk from the side blackboard . jeff ( cont 'd ) Lay down . and act dead . penny lie back , into a corpse position . neil what be you , a necrophiliac ? more chuckle . the teacher adjust he napping position -- english teacher shhhh . keep read . Jeff trace penny 's body in chalk . everyone gather around . jeff there . ta-da . laughter erupt . the hungover English teacher snap up . 36 . english teacher quiet . what do I say !?! quiet . everyone snicker and return to he / she seat . Jeff grin , relishing in he role . ext . dahmer family home - driveway - afternoon returning home , Jeff have a jump in he step . he pass he brother practice wheelies on he banana seat bicycle . dave hey , Jeff , wanna play ? jeff can not , get some friend come over . int . dahmer family home - continuous Jeff breeze through the kitchen , look around . jeff dad , Mom ? I have good news . he hear some retch -like sound , squashing he enthusiasm . live room area Joyce lean against the wall , quivering . unaware Jeff be watch , she take a cocktail of pill and swallow they with a pinch of water , growl . jeff ( cont 'd ) Mom ... Mom ... she turn to he , tremble . she bleep , reminiscent of he school time spazze -- joyce jjjeffft . jeff m-mom , I think you stop . wh- why do not you -- joyce shhh-shhh -uuuuu -- jeff go back - go back to the doctor ? joyce I have ruther shooot myself than go back there . arrrrr - do not need ... 37 . Joyce drop down onto the sofa , still twitching . jeff I think you be not -- joyce doctor do not know what I need . shhh , I have be take this since I be pregnant with you , just shhh , leave I alone . she rest she face in a pillow , sweat . she sigh , wait for the side effect to lessen . ext . dahmer family home - driveway - moment later derf and Neil arrive in derf 's rusted chevy Vegas . they idle during the last measure of devo 's '' mongoloid , '' then get out and head to the front door . neil how can you like that punk crap ? derf devo 's from right down the street . at least I do not listen to that kiss crap like Kent . so junior High . they knock , then realize it 's unlock . they head inside . int . dahmer family home - continuous Jeff rush toward derf and Neil and usher they back out . jeff hey . why do not we hang outside ? ext . dahmer family home - driveway - continuous derf think we be hang in you de ? I bring some bootleg . jeff well , uh , my Mom 's rest . neil so. jeff and , kind of embarrassed by the pink foot stool and lace drape . they chuckle . 38 . dave be you in the new club ? neil what , huh ? jeff that 's my brother . get lose . dave my dad keep tell Jeff he should join some new club . jeff beat it , Dave . neil hey , do not Wendy watkin live just down the street ? Heard she still life at home , even though she graduate . derf be you friend ? jeff she do not know I exist . neil great ! ext . watkins family home - day Jeff , derf , and Neil edge closer to the house . derf which be she bedroom window ? neil watch this , chump . Neil head to the front door and ring the bell . he put on a serious face . derf and Jeff hide behind a bush to watch from afar . Wendy answer the door . her irish setter at she side . neil ( cont 'd ) I be here for the interview . wendy Excuse I . neil huh ? they say you agree to be interview . I write for the revere High newspaper . 39 . wendy the lantern ? neil yep , do a story on past homecome queen . wendy guess I could spare ten minute . derf and Jeff pop out of the bush to join . wendy ( cont ’d ) wait a sec . this some kind of joke ? Neil break he poker face . Wendy shoos he away . Neil , derf , and Jeff scatter , laugh . ext . revere high school - front yard —- day derf , Mike , and Kent jokingly push Jeff toward a group of student gather around the paint school rock . jeff stop it . I be not , no way , no . derf c’mon , make you dad proud . swish pan to the rock climbing club pose for they yearbook photo . Neil adjust the camera on the tripod . neil so this be everyone for the rock climb Club 's yearbook photo ? rock climbing club member yep . Neil focus the camera . now in the b.g. , Jeff continue to resist the dahmer fan Club 's shove . Neil snap the photo , capture the dfc 's antic in the frame . neil excellent ! int . revere high school - CLASS room - montage continue the dahmer fan Club prod Jeff into the Student Council yearbook photo . Jeff be less resistant . Neil snap a photo . oliver hey , jeff. 40 . jeff ( self -consciously ) hey , Oliver . the dahmer fan club slip Jeff into the lantern photo . jeff step into the key club photo . Neil snap the picture . jeff stand in the DISCO club photo . he 's the only one not imitate travolta 's iconic pose . Jeff blankly stare at the camera in the debate team photo . int . auditorium - continuous Jeff slip into the back row of the national honor society photo . near he stand derf , Kent , and Mike . other club member notice Jeff in line . national honor student he 's not in National honor Society . derf shut you piehole . in the aisle , Neil line up the frame and direct a teacher on how to snap the photo , then run ahead to step into place . neil on the count of three , smile everyone . one. two . Three . everyone smile , except Jeff who blankly stare ahead . click . int . dahmer family home - night Jeff and Neil enter . they find lionel at the dining table , focus on work papers . jeff dad , you would be proud . I be in a bunch of new club . great for my college application . lionel that 's great , son . which one ? -- Joyce race by and lift lionel 's briefcase off the table . joyce it do not go here . 41 . lionel jesus christ , joyce , I be work , give that back . Joyce . dammit , joyce ! Jeff be embarrassed by he parent 's outburst . sense the tension , Neil cordially retreat . neil uh. Jeff , actually , I gotta get home for dinner . see you in school . do not let the fame go to you head . Jeff lower he head as Neil leave . int . kent 's family home - furnished basement - night the dahmer fan Club hang out . Jeff be fascinate - if not obsessed - with a mount deer head . jeff awesome . what do you think they do with the inside ? kent I dunno , weirdo . you mean venison ? while other flip through a titty mag . mike like this girl be as old as my mom . kent I swipe my dad 's collection , what can I say ? derf dude , just drop by my work and pick out some fresh one . shhh . I be dial ... derf dial a number from the yellow page . derf ( cont 'd ) it 's ringing . ( into phone ) hehwo ? burlman intewior . do you sell swipcover ? mr . burlman 's voice why , yes we doooo ! derf and dwapery ? do you sell dwape ? 42 . mr . burlman 's voice yes , we have m-m-many color and fabric -- derf how about animal skin ? Zeebwa and tiger skin -- mr . burlman 's voice hey ! you have call here befooore . Mr. burlman hang up . derf and he buddy crack up . though , Jeff 's laugh be a discordant , out - of -step cackle . int . acme fresh market - day derf bag grocery on the register line . drop by , Jeff and Mike wave in he direction and head straight for the magazine & stationary aisle Mike scan titty mag on display , and pull out a easyrider Magazine . he slip it into a mad Magazine . derf join . derf good timing , my shift just end . Inside , glossy photo of topless woman straddle motorcycle . they bury they head , googly eye . Jeff drift away , conceal he disinterest . a mother with shopping cart pass , force derf and Mike to hide the magazine for a moment . derf ( cont 'd ) if you gonna , buy it tuck in like that , but do not get catch . from the next aisle , Jeff pop he head over the shelf -- jeff baaaaaaaa . startle they . they hear more spastic grunt and bleep , fade into the distance . they scurry to get a better look . produce section Jeff throw a spontaneous epileptic - like spazz , for its own sake , spook a mother & child . Jeff knock over a pyramid presentation of fresh apple . derf and Mike , as witness , snort and fall over laugh . 43 . this encourage Jeff to go further . he swipe a stack of orange . tear apart a cabbage . he flail and grunt on the floor . shopper watch in dismay . store manager bolt over . store manager what 's go on !? what 's go on ?! undeterred , Jeff continue writhing he body . store manager ( cont ’d ) stop this . get up ! store manager grab Jeff 's shirt but get entangle in he spazz and tumble over , fall on Jeff . they tussle . store manager wrestle he way free , then hoist Jeff to he foot . store manager ( cont ’d ) you have any respect for property ? any sense of decency , young man ?! Jeff evade the store manager 's scowl . store manager ( cont ’d ) you hear I ? what 's you name ? Jeff grunt a indiscernible reply . store manager ( cont ’d ) what 's you name ? huh ? Jeff bleep another reply . store manager ( cont ’d ) who put you up to this ? store manager notice derf and Mike tuck behind the fresh corn and cabbage , muffle they laughter . he dart right to derf . Jeff dust himself off and bow . store manager ( cont ’d ) Mr. backderf . be this you do ? Jeff and Mike flee the scene , steal titty magazine in hand . ext . acme fresh market - parking lot - moment later Jeff and Mike head toward derf 's chevy Vegas to wait it out . derf emerge from the store , bundle up he work apron . mike oh shit . do you get fire ? 44 , derf almost . beg he I have nothing to do with it , need that money for college . that 's it . Jeff , we can not do that stuff in public , gonna get squash by the damn adult . it 's different - teacher be zomby . jeff yep , alright . derf School 's safe . mike hey dude , that 's Doctor York . Doctor York ! doctor york step out of he shiny foreign car . Doctor York be the Neighborhood jogger . Jeff turn demure , stiffen up . mike ( cont 'd ) hey , Doctor York . what 's shakin’ ? neighborhood jogger hi Michael . how be you parent ? mike deathly ill . neighborhood jogger what ? my gosh , how come ? mike just jiving ya . they be good . neighborhood jogger and that cough of yours ? mike go away , pretty quickly actually . neighborhood jogger great , be good . stay out of trouble . Dr. York / Neighborhood jogger head toward the grocery store . jeff he run past my house every Monday , Wednesday , Saturday . mike um , okay . he hold my ball when I cough . beat that , faggot . 45 . derf sound like you dig it . mike spazz . derf nudge Jeff , and they amble off . ext . dahmer family home - driveway - night lionel pull in . a brown oldsmobile omega be already park in the driveway . int . dahmer family home - moment later lionel place down he briefcase on the kitchen counter and head into the de where Jeff and Dave watch chip . lionel who 's over ? one of you friend , Jeff ? joyce ( barge in , stand proud ) I buy it . lionel what ? joyce only two thousand mile . Joyce step away , draw lionel into the live room . lionel ( follow after she ) with what ? joyce I be financing it , not to worry . lionel how ? joyce I laid down a deposit , how else ? Jeff shield Dave as they eavesdrop from around the corner . lionel without discuss it ? give I back my checkbook , that be for grocery and -- joyce my name 's on it . 46 . lionel you be return it tomorrow . joyce over my dead body . it 's final sale . lionel stew . then dig deep into a cabinet and pull out a dusty bottle of scotch . lionel I need a drink . lionel wash down he anger with a swig and step outside , ignore she . ext . dahmer family home - deck - continuous lionel take in the fresh air , drink in hand . he gaze out as Joyce continue to pace inside . her harsh word be muffle by the window . Jeff join he father . they share a quiet moment interrupt by the call of a bird . lionel hear that ? a Red - eyed vireo or a Black - bill cuckoo . either way , they only nest in the same place for one year ... not entirety . lionel 's mind go elsewhere . Jeff seize the opportunity and sneak a sip of he dad 's scotch . int . revere high school - parking lot - day a huddle of slacker chug beer . figg light up a joint . snarky slacker dude , keep a eye out for balderelli . that vice principal be a freakin’ henchman . be give we the hairy eyeball . hear what he do to finch ? figg who care ? ( pass around a joint ) reefer High pride , man . Jeff inject himself in the gather . jeff ( imitate he father ) I need a drink . 47 . snarky slacker alrighty then ... the slacker hand over a beer can -- snarky slacker ( cont ’d ) Quick , quick , before the next bell . Jeff gulp it down . riiing . int . revere high school - hallway - day the same pack of slacker & stoner shuffle past vice principal balderelli , who scan for such lowlife . vice principal balderelli blakely , I do not forget , we get a appointment during fifth period . better have you college application ready to look over . Singer , you too . balderelli smell alcohol and pot in the air . he reach out and grab snarky slacker on the shoulder . snarky slacker shoot . vice principal balderelli what 's the smell , mr.? as Jeff slide by , under the radar . ext . neil 's family farm - back yard / pond - day Jeff & derf follow Neil on a trail , with fishing pole . derf how many acre do you dad have ? neil I think it 's like fifty or sixty . be my grandfather 's farm first . the trail open up to a clear . pond - continuous they sit on the edge of the pond and bait they hook . neil ( cont 'd ) not much of a lake . hope you guy do not hope for more . next winter we can get a game of ice hockey go . jeff I do not know how to skate . derf I neither . neil anyhoo , there 's sunfish . whatever we catch , we gotta toss ‘em back in . they cast in they line and wait . it 's tranquil . derf you hear about Victor cramer ? his mom catch he masturbate with a vacuum . neil what ? be he alright ? jeff with a vacuum ? how ? derf supposedly , he stick he wanker - how else would you masturbate with a vacuum ? more time pass ... neil what 's helen keller 's favorite color ? corduroy . derf what 's the difference between parsley and pussy ? neil what ? derf no one eat parsley . Jeff get a tug on he line . jeff uh ... hey ! neil cool . ya get one . reel it in . Jeff reel in a pond fish , add dahmerism to the effort for they amusement . 49 , jeff maaaaaa ! baaaaaa ! Jeff fling the sunfish to the ground . it flop around at they foot . Jeff leer at it . neil unhook it , before it die . here cut the line -- Neil hand over a pocketknife . Jeff kneel down and grip the fish . he 's seethe , breathe heavily . with one fierce strike , Jeff thrust the blade into the fish - thok ! chok ! chunk ! - slice it open , again , again into a bloody , mutilate mess . neil ( cont 'd ) what the hell !?! I say throw ‘em back !! Jeff stare at the bloody knife . jeff sorry ... derf what have you do that for ? jeff just want to see what it look like . bloody fish bit at Jeff 's knee . derf and Neil withdraw , disgust and baffle by he outburst . off Jeff , he dark rippling reflection in the pond water . int . revere high school - history CLASS - day penny flirt with derf , who doodle '' dahmer on the High Seas , " a cartoon of Jeff spearfish for sea monster . she pass he a note . derf stop doodling and take a peak . it 's she phone number . he tuck it away . Jeff enter with a cap styrofoam cup in hand and plop down at a empty desk nearby . eye glaze over . penny what 's in the cup ? jeff ( roll back he head ) it 's my medicine . 50 . Mr. fedele get the class 's attention and start . mr . fedele alright . as you read in chapter Fifteen , Truman share the same view of politics as James madison , a hundred fifty year earlier . presidential power be the power to persuade in a pluralist world where compete faction mobilize and counter- mobilize . how so ? Kent raise he hand . kent the President must persuade and bargain until policy -- penny ( whisper , about Jeff ) do you smell that ? derf yeah , he reek . kent ( continue ) -- ultimately arrive at what the typical citizen would want . Jeff sit in a daze , drunk . ext . revere high school - brick wall - afternoon Jeff lurk behind some bush . he drink from a fifth of vodka . just around the corner -- ext . revere high school - front yard - continuous derf , Kent , Neil , and other member of the march Band hang near a exit door where more band nerd emerge from the Band room . they wait for practice to begin . kent if you think about it , we be one of the few country not on the metric system . that in itself be a measurement that isolate we from the rest of the world society . it epitomize we foreign policy . derf you be such a pseudo-intellectual . 51 . Jeff emerge from around the corner . he blend in . kent Jeff , where 's you trumpet ? jeff I quit . derf when ? jeff yesterday . kent oh. neil be you sure ? jeff yeah . figg swing by on he pot-deal route . figg hey , poser . kent how 's business ? figg want I to kick you ass ? wanna see something rad ? derf yeah , show we . figg reveal a pocket knife . figg my dad use this in Germany . derf he fight the Nazis ? figg no , idiot , he be one . he cut a Jew 's neck with it . figg slice into the meat of he hand , show off . no sign of pain as the incision bleed . he suck on it , then smile for everyone . blood drip from he tooth like a vampire . 52 . derf , Kent , Neil , and other immediately walk away , disgust . figg chuckle . Jeff remain behind , captivate . derf notice and call back -- derf dahmer , C ’mon . stay away from that dude . he 's a psycho-killer , for sure . Jeff run to catch up to derf et al . ext . revere high school - track - day gym class . coach natale time student run lap . several psycho-stoner and band nerd slowdown to a walk . coach natale C ’mon boy ! only girl should run ten minute mile . get you leg move ! on the far side of the track , Jeff trot over to figg . jeff hey . figg hey . jeff can you keep a secret ? figg depend . who 's ask ? jeff I find a new spot in the wood across the street from my house , it 's deep in , where no one ever go . storin 's my road kill . and good place to get high . coach natale pick it up , pick it up ! figg sound cool . let 's check it out . int . gold chevette - traveling figg drive with a joint in hand . Jeff ride shotgun . '' victim of change '' from juda Priest on the 8 - track . figg 's hunt knife rattles around in the console between they . jeff all my father play be the same Neil sedaka album , over and over again . 53 . figg ( pass the joint ) that suck . jeff take a right at the cemetery onto West bath Road . figg look ! ahead , a hitchhiker stick out he thumb . figg ( cont 'd ) let 's - for a hundred point ! figg drift the car onto the shoulder , head straight for the hitchhiker . Jeff stiffen up as they barrel towards he . yet , at the last moment , figg swerve around the hitchhiker , cackle to himself . Jeff sigh , relieved . in pass , Jeff 's eye lock on the shake hitchhiker . figg take a sharp turn , cut off Jeff 's stare . ext . country road - traveling - continuous they cruise through a neighborhood . figg spot a mutt wander along the side of the road . figg even better , ahead for fifty point ! figg gun it . in horror , Jeff cover he face . jeff do not ... the chevette hit the mutt . thump ! one squeal . it 's dead . int . gold chevette - continuous figg laugh as the rear tire roll over it . he look in he rear view mirror and then put the car in reverse . jeff stop . figg extra point . jeff do not , please . 54 . figg oh , c'mon . it 's fun . jeff I say stop . figg whatever . I be split . figg speed away , cranking up the volume on juda Priest 's jolting '' deceiver . '' Jeff 's visibly shake by the incident . jeff let I out . let I out . figg do not be stupid , you be gonna show I that spot -- jeff no . I be go home . I x11 cut through . figg pull over . Jeff get out , all rile up . ext . country road - moment later figg speed off . the tire spit gravel back at Jeff . but , in he hand be figg 's knife . Jeff slip into the wood . int . neil 's family home - basement - night the dahmer fan Club mess around with a 8 mm camera . Jeff arrive , happy to see friend . he approach like a zombie . jeff how about we make a zombie movie in you backyard ? call it ghost in the graveyard , or something . mike Nah . the camera suck in low light . jeff well , you be right , figg 's crazy . but I swipe this off he . Jeff proudly reveal the half - finish joint . int . neil 's family home - basement - half hour later all be high . they take drag from a dwindling roach . mike ... derf 's get the hot mom . 55 . derf what ? Gross , no way . kent Neil 's mom be smokin’ , so be the car she drive . neil jaguar , piece of shit . derf Neil 's mom be the hot . mike I bang she , off the hook . kent yeah right , you do not ? they bust up laugh . neil C ’mon Kent , have not you sleep with you best friend 's mom ? we all have . derf yeah , I have . mike I have . in a stone paranoia , Kent believe they and conform -- kent yeah , I have . derf no you have not . kent I do . with Mike 's mom . derf liar . when ? Kent pause , think . kent C ’mon , you have not sleep with you best friend 's mom , really , have you ? they bust up some more . 56 . jeff I wish I have a best friend . head turn . Jeff be sit upright in the corner . derf gawd dahmer , I forget you be over there . you freak I out . Jeff force a laugh , try to fit in . it 's buzz kill . neil awkward ... okay then . let 's raid the fridge before my folk get back . jeff brraaaa ? but everyone else be already head for the stair . Jeff trail , a insecure tagalong . ext . revere high school - parking lot - day fan file back to they car after a football game victory . derf and Kent shed they uniform & instrument into the trunk of derf 's chevy Vegas . ext . empty parking lot - continuous derf drive in a circle , go round & around . mike it 's gonna tip ! tip it , tip it . holler . a pure teenage waste of time . ext . dahmer family home - continuous derf 's Vegas slow down as it pass by Jeff 's house . mike be you gonna see if he 's in ? derf Nah . int . whitey 's burger joint - day derf , Kent , and Mike play pinball and chow on burger . derf something about last weekend in Neil 's basement creepe I out . Jeff 's a little off . you know ? 57 . kent but that 's what we like about he . mike you think how we treat he be mean ? derf what ? why ? no. mike you sure ? derf yeah , he seem to enjoy it . if he do not , he would not do it . Kent , whataya think ? kent I dunno . off derf , as he feverishly flip to save he pinball from go down the gutter . ext . whitey 's burger joint - parking lot - day derf who 's gettin’ the backseat of pain ? mike / kent I call shotgun ... Kent and Mike race through the parking lot and wrestle for the front seat of derf 's car . Mike win . ext . dahmer family home - driveway - same time distract , Jeff pitch a ball to Dave , who choke up on a louisville slugger . Dave whiff , then retrieve the ball . Jeff glance at the road . Jeff pitch again , another whiff . jeff Dave , you have to swing through it , like a tennis racquet . no , but with two hand . give it , let I show you . Jeff take the baseball bat . he get in a batter 's stance to demonstrate when , out of the corner of he eye , he spot the Neighborhood jogger trot up the hill . spark arousal . Jeff creep closer to the road , clenches the bat . huff ! huff ! the jogger approach . thigh muscle flex . chest pound . soil in sweat . 58 . Jeff glare at the pass jogger . he unconsciously hold the bat upright & erect . dave Jeff , what about I ? break Jeff 's spell . he drop the bat and head inside . int . dahmer family home - night Joyce interrupt Dave do homework . she give he kiss in a chipper , manipulative manner . joyce David , honey , have you think about what 's wrong with you father ? ( Dave shake he head ) well , let I tell you ... he 's selfish , he 's unreasonable , he 's -- compel to interject , Jeff approach . Joyce glare at he . jeff why be you be so hard on dad ? joyce get away . have nothing to do with you . become a mother - son stand off . Jeff retreat to he bedroom . joyce ( cont 'd ) Dave , how would you like to live near grandma and grandpa ? int . old salem restaurant - night a local greasy spoon / truck stop . lionel and he two son eat dinner in a booth . lionel look stress . Jeff play with he food , garner confidence to ask : jeff dad ? be Mom go back ... to the hospital ? lionel why do you ask ? jeff she 's act a lot like she do before she go the last time . lionel how so ? 59 . jeff she never talk to I . or ask how I be do ? be I in she way ? lionel do not be silly . so , be there any girl in school that you like ? dave Mom say she 's move to Wisconsin to live with grandma . lionel she do . when ? dave she tell I , I dunno . yesterday . lionel you mother be do better . I would not take what she say at face value , but she 's do much better than before . derf ( interrupt ) Jeff . derf with he parent - carol & richard backderf - and young brother pass by , head to the register . jeff hey . derf Mom , dad , this be my friend dahmer . Jeff dahmer . lionel perk up . Parents shake hand , exchange name . carol where 's Mrs. dahmer ? lionel she 's home , a bit under the weather . derf dad , Jeff 's dad be also a chemist . lionel I be at the firestone . after ten year at the goodyear . 60 . richard really . I be at the goodrich Research Center . no longer work on sbr though . lionel New monomer in the mix . richard just spend a year on macrogalleria . lionel really . richard well , it 's nice meeting you . lionel yes . carol have a good holiday . derf Jeff , do you hear ? Oliver Zlatka commit suicide two day ago . jeff no. carol yes , tragic . derf his photo 's in the County weekly . Richard flash the front page with oliver zlatka '’s photo . lionel a real shame . carol I hear ... well , it 's hard for some . he be tease , I hear . jeff I like Oliver . he 's nice . lionel they live near we . horrible . richard yes . well , anyway , nice to meet you . 61 . jeff when 's the funeral ? derf the paper say the day after Thanksgiving . regret and sorrow cross Jeff 's face . ext . cemetery - day Jeff attend the funeral . graveside as the coffin arrive . Jeff find himself suddenly aroused . he cover he erection in he slack . he slink away before the coffin be lower . int . dahmer family home - evening Jeff and Dave decorate they scrawny Christmas tree . they parent fight in the next room -- joyce you should move out in the new year . lionel you're crazy ! joyce I ? lionel I ’m already sleeping on the sofa . joyce I will take dave to my mother be . Jeff swell with sadness and leave the house , unnotice . ext . dahmer family home - driveway - evening Jeff get on he bike and ride out . ext . country road - evening Jeff pedal the moonlit road . tear run down he face . a car buzze past , blaring its horn . ext . country road - later Jeff troll another back road . he ride up to a frozen opossum just lie there . he relish in the discovery and eagerly pull a plastic bag from he pocket . 62 . ext . deep wood - evening Jeff carry he stuff plastic bag down a narrow trail , lead he deeper into the wood . Jeff arrive at a SMALL clearing Hidden among thick brush and tall tree . Jeff lay the dead opossum on a rock . he take out he ( steal ) knife and meticulously dissect the road kill , first stripping away the flesh , then fondle the entrail in he hand . int . charter bus - traveling - day cu : jeff' fingernails . remnant of dry blood underneath he thumbnail . he inconspicuously scrape it out . it 's the start of the senior trip to Washington DC . Jeff laugh , with he dahmer fan Club buddy . a more relaxed , relieved glow on he face - a break from home do he good . derf and the dahmer fan Club have to leave we mark on DC . something grand . mike boo-yah , something classic . like what ? jeff a spazz on the White House lawn ? kent you can not get on the White House lawn . derf look around . he land on charlie smith , the one black student , a burly guy . derf well for one ... Charlie , as the token black in we class , let 's get some Super 8 of you on the step of the lincoln Memorial give Martin luther King 's I have a dream speech . charlie smith good one , loser . derf the dahmer fan Club will stand behind you like -- charlie smith I play football , backderf , not charade . 63 . neil cut ! derf Fine , good one . we will think of something . Jeff note the brainstorm . he gaze out the window . a highway sign read : i-70e WASHINGTON and i-76 harrisburg . ext . day inn , WASHINGTON DC - evening teacher call out pair of name and hand out room key . teacher Jeffrey dahmer and Charlie Smith , you have room 327 . int . HOTEL room - evening Charlie take the bed by the window . Jeff hesitantly wait in the door for Charlie to settle in . from the hallway -- neil dahmer , we be right here . ( whisper ) if he rape you in the middle of the night , just knock . jeff very funny . Jeff drop he bag on he bed . jeff ( cont 'd ) so , we be roommate , huh ... charlie smith yep . Charlie turn on the tv , switch it to Three 's company . in the clip : Janet sustain Mr. roper 's belief that Jack be gay . charlie smith ( cont ’d ) so obvious . jeff huh ? charlie smith Mr. roper 's a idiot . taxi 's on ina few . 64 . Charlie cross to the bathroom with he toothbrush . Jeff 's eye follow . he pull off he shirt and watch tv , shirtless . the credit roll . Jeff wait . Charlie return , though still disinterested in chat . jeff I be curious ... be it hard be the only black kid in we class ? charlie smith ehh . jeff you palm be less black . you think you inside be the same color as mine ? be my stomach and you stomach the same color ? Charlie give Jeff a intimidating stare , silencing the chitchat . Charlie lay supine on he bed as taxi start . Jeff sneak a couple glance at he build body . ext . WASHINGTON DC - various landmark montage as Jeff and he senior CLASS approach the WASHINGTON monument . Neil photograph derf on he back - the landmark he erection . they scale the capitol build step where Jeff throw a quick spazz . they line the white house fence , like jailbird . mr . fedele kid , since World War two , public access to the White House grounds have be increasingly restrict . but maybe you can see President Carter through a window . derf let we in ! let I in ! nearby , a cluster of protestor hold up sign : no nuke , who need oil ? I ride the Bus , do not trust the shah . int . day inn - hallway - night Jeff and he pal play poker , and chow on soda and snack . Jeff win the hand . mike damn , dahmer . think you have nothin’ . 65 . penny he 's get a poker face . jeff beginner 's luck , I guess . Neil deal another hand . derf dahmer , man of mystery . totally my next cartoon . Jeff smile , enjoy the camaraderie . it 's good to be away . ext . WASHINGTON DC - sidewalk - day Jeff , derf , penny , and Neil stroll along constitutional Ave . derf totally bogus we do not meet the President . could have meet we State Senators back in Ohio , you know ? jeff let 's call Carter , see if he 's free . neil that 's ridiculous . penny that 's impossible . jeff how about vice President mondale ? Jeff head to the nearest pay phone stall . he step inside . derf follow , amused . jeff ( cont 'd ) ( into pay phone ) hi. yes , I have like the number for the vice President of the United States . his office number , please . derf chuckle . Neil and penny idle by , skeptical . penny this be pointless . it 's we last day here , we should get lunch ... Jeff talk on the phone . derf gesture to penny & Neil . derf it 's ringing . 66 . Jeff start talk -- derf ( cont 'd ) he 's talk to a aide . derf lean in to listen -- jeff ( into phone ) ... and we be from revere High in Ohio , just in the middle of nowhere , and my friend and I be honor student and on the school newspaper , and we be all very interested in politics , and I be wonder if we could interview you on what it 's like to work as a aide to the vice President of the United States . ( listen ) uh , huh . sure . we be on constitutional Avenue . uh , huh . great . Jeff hang up . jeff ( cont 'd ) we be in . penny what ? c’mon . derf dahmer 's get ball , man . he 's slick . jeff we have a appointment in a hour . int . eisenhower executive office build - day the aide give Jeff , derf , Neil , and penny a tour . jeff and you get to sit in meeting with the vice President ? aide sometimes . derf really ? where 's he office . aide down that hall . let 's see if he 's in . 67 . int . vice president walter mondale 's office - day vice president walter mondale review document with a cabinet member . the teens wait in a line near the door , nervous . the vice President approach . vp walter mondale kid , thanks for drop by . I have a moment before a call with indira Gandhi , who just resign as Prime Minister of India . where be you from ? Jeff 's heart pound , in awe . vp walter mondale ( cont ’d ) Ohio 's a great state . so , what do each of you want to be when you grow up ? the vice President look to derf. derf I , like , want to draw cartoon , not for tv . I want to draw comic , yeah . vp walter mondale well , that 's great , as long as you do not draw any political one make fun of I . derf of course not . Jeff stiffen . the vice President finally reach he -- vp walter mondale and so , what interest you ? all head turn . his friend be curious , as well . jeff biology . vp walter mondale great . you should pursue that . the vice President shake Jeff 's clean hand . ext . eisenhower executive office build - moment later they race away from the building , soar and giddy . they gratefully pat Jeff on the back . 68 . neil that be the coolest thing I have ever do in my life . I can die now . dahmer , I can die now , thank you . Jeff bask in they congratulation . int . charter bus - traveling - night the bus rumble into the revere High parking lot as the trip reach it 's definitive end . out the window , parent eagerly await the return of they kid . despondent over the return , a grave curtain of darkness return to Jeff 's face . ext . revere high school - parking lot - continuous Jeff sulk back to he father 's car . lionel you have a good time ? y’alright ? jeff uh-huh . it be great . lionel you do not look well . you have a fever ? jeff I do not think so . int . doctor' office waiting area - day a convert live room line with chair . two child babble and play , just beyond arm 's length of they mother . the kid suck on new lollipop . mother careful . the mother make depart small talk and leave with she kid . a nurse appear with a clipboard . nurse Mr. Jeffrey dahmer . angle on Jeff dahmer seat against the far wall . jeff yes , that 's I . the nurse shuffles down a hallway . he follow . 69 . int . doctor' examination room - day Jeff wait , seat on the examination table in he underwear . he look around at the cabinet , jar of cotton ball and gauze , the weight scale , the eye chart . Dr. York enter , suck on a lollipop - it 's the Neighborhood jogger at work . he glance at the clipboard . dr . york / neighborhood jogger be you run a cold ? jeff ( repress he excitement ) I think so . I have be get chill . dr . york / neighborhood jogger always nice to see new patient . jeff a physical , maybe ? Jeff stiffen as Dr. York move in , on he swivel chair . dr . york / neighborhood jogger stick out you tongue . say ahhh . jeff abhhh . dr . york / neighborhood jogger tonsils look good . turn . let I see you ear ... jeff do you do surgery ? dr . york / neighborhood jogger no . jeff why not ? dr . york / neighborhood jogger I like caring for patient but I be not the type to wanna cut someone open . so this , but almost become a podiatrist . jeff less blood . dr . york / neighborhood jogger exactly . 70 . jeff what about what 's on a patient 's mind ? dr . york / neighborhood jogger you mean , a psychiatrist ? jeff my mom have one . Dr. York put he stethoscope against Jeff 's chest and back . Jeff fight he quick breathe . dr . york / neighborhood jogger so far , you look healthy . okay , before I weigh you . do you hurt when you pee ? jeff huh ? no. dr . york / neighborhood jogger be you sexually active ? jeff what kind , sort of ... dr . york / neighborhood jogger you be at the age . no growth , okay . pull down you underwear . Jeff pull down he underwear . dr . york / neighborhood jogger ( cont 'd ) cough . cough again . cough again . suddenly , a stall silence . he return to he clipboard . a awkward tension between they , imply Jeff become erect . dr . york / neighborhood jogger ( cont 'd ) pull up you pants , I be finish . int . dahmer family home - jeff & dave '’s bedroom - night stand in the same position , Jeff finish jerk off . knock . another knock . jeff just a minute , go away , just a minute . he sharpen up and pull up he pants . ext . dahmer family home - driveway - day the dahmer family rush out of the house . lionel and the boy be in suit , Joyce in a dress . they scramble into a car . 71 . lionel remember , please , behave yourself . it 's my boss and work associate -- joyce boy , he do not even know the groom . lionel it 's my boss 's son , which be all the same . kid , there 'il be some other kid there you age . int . akron HOTEL - reception hall - night it 's cocktail hour . Jeff approach the bar . jeff my dad want a Jack and coke . bartender ( distrustful ) where be he ? jeff over there . bartender which one ? jeff on the other side ... I swear ... he spot Joyce slip out with a sleazy perennial bachelor . bartender sorry , kid , he will have to come get it himself . Jeff leave the bar , then swipe a almost empty cocktail glass from a busboy 's tray . at the table - moment later Jeff sit , sober , with he father and brother . coworker lionel , and where 's you wife ? lionel she 's , uh , not feel well . headache . go to rest in the car . 72 . int . akron HOTEL - hallway - later lionel find Joyce fix she makeup in a hallway mirror . the perennial bachelor idle foot away . lionel where have you be ? dinner be serve a half hour ago . joyce I be fuck that guy over there . the perennial bachelor slip back into the party , avoid . joyce ( cont 'd ) he 's you boss 's cousin , stay here at the hotel . I might just stay the night . if you will not divorce I , then deal with it . lionel swallow he pride and anger . int . dahmer family home - night but , at home , he furiously pack two suitcase . lionel I have have enough . you be a mess and impossible ... I be do with you . joyce good . lionel storm out . Jeff follow , helpless . ext . dahmer family home - driveway - continuous lionel reverse out of the driveway . jeff do not , dad , do not ... joyce finally . Jeff run off . ext . wood - night Jeff stumble through the wood , unravel , agonizing . he whack a fall branch against a tree repeatedly ... drain himself . the sound travel ... a kitchen light turn on . 73 . ext . revere high school - tennis court - day Jeff whack tennis ball in every direction , spazzing out for he teammate . Neil stop rallying to watch . tennis coach Jeff dahmer , if you do not clean up you act , you be off the team . Jeff stop . he drop he racquet and walk off . ext . revere high school - brick wall - day Jeff pound a fifth of gin in no time . slurp the last drop . ext . revere high school - parking lot - day the dahmer fan Club hang around derf 's chevy Vegas , listen to buzzard Radio 101 wmm . Jeff shuffles by . derf dahmer . dahmier , boy . wanna hang ? kent how about later ? whitey 's for burger and arcade - they just get death Race . jeff Nah . Jeff veer away , disengaging ... int . revere high school - hallway - day balderelli police the main thoroughfare . with cun , Jeff avoid and stagger by , grip he leather briefcase , then bump into two student . they smell the alcohol . student dang . int . health CLASS - day in a dark room , a corny 1960s 16 mm anti-drug educational film unspool for student . mr. lapolla monitor the projector . teenage boy on screen I be glad I do not jump off that bridge . it 's much higher than it look . teenage girl on screen I really think you should talk to someone . lsd be dangerous . 74 . narrator for film most young people think they be stronger and have more willpower than they actually do . Jeff open the door , try to slip in undetected -- mr . lapolla you be late , Mr. dahmer . again . narrator for film and one of the potential for drug traffic be the school . Jeff trip over a student in the front row . student watch it , jerk ! ( smell Jeff 's boozy breath ) yuck , arrr , damn . jeff s-s -sorry . disorient , Jeff block the light from the projector . blind , he struggle to find a path to a empty chair . narrator for film here the connection can be find with this peddler of misery who prey on the unwary , the uninformed , the curious , the thrill - seeker ... mr . lapolla move it , dahmer , get a seat ! narrator for film ++. most young people will continue through life as normal , responsible citizen . other , the shunt and unlove , be the candidate for the slave world of lifelong drug addiction . Jeff drop into a chair , and lower he sad , lonely face . narrator for film ( cont ’d ) but no - one be immune . how do it happen ? where do it start ? what be the sign ? 75 . ext . wood behind school - day a huddle cluster of upperclassman get high and drink , along with one youthful teacher , mr. pitt . pass around a joint - snarky slacker you blow up some gook ? mr . pitt if I tell you , I have have to kill you too . another stoner awesome . c’mon . nearby , Jeff drink by he lonesome . his stash and finish bottle be tuck under a log . snarky slacker shit , dude , look , balderelli . head turn . in the distance , vice principal balderelli cross the practice field , approach . another stoner run . the stoner and Mr. Pitt scatter . Jeff do not freak out and just lie down behind the log , play dead . balderelli step into the wood and look around . smell the pot and go further in ... ducking under branch . he pass right by Jeff , but do not see he . then , spot a couple of stoner make a run for it across the practice field . vice principal balderelli hey , I see you . stop right there . balderelli storm out of the wood and chase they down . Jeff sit back up and continue drink . int . yearbook & school newspaper office - day draft of the yearbook layout be pin to a bulletin board . derf , Neil , and Mike enthusiastically rush in . derf it 's here ! mike dahmer 's get to see this . we should get he . Neil , see if he 's around . 76 . yet , they cannot contain themselves and rip open the package . they spread out the develop club photo . laughter swell over sight of Jeff 's face in many . derf .-. and here he be again ! mike so bad , it 's so bad ! they yearbook advisor enter . she 's a snippy woman . yearbook advisor good , they come in . let 's see . she scan the photo , realize the prank . yearbook advisor ( cont ’d ) what be Jeff dahmer - he 's not in any of this club . who do this ? neil he 's not ? yearbook advisor he do not belong in debate or here or this one . she grab a wide black marker and blotches out jeffus face in all the club photo , a fitting symbol . int . dahmer family home - jeff & dave '’s bedroom - night Jeff stare at the wall , mouth the lyric to Black sabbath 's '' Iron man '' play on he cassette player . black sabbath lyric be he alive or dead ? have he thought within he head ? we will just pass he there , why should we even care ? int . dahmer family home - kitchen - moment later Joyce be deeply absorb on the phone . Jeff approach . joyce ( into phone ) be he out of he mind ? I can not believe that 's he position . he 's be completely irrational . jeff mom. 77 . joyce ( into phone ) there 's no way I would give custody of Dave over . never in a million year . jeff mom. joyce ( to Jeff ) shhh . ( back to phone ) he 's g-g-gett everything . I ’m not be irrational . you hear I ? you 're my lawyer , not he . day ? I won ’t discuss he custody . Jeff swipe hot dog from the fridge and slink out . ext . watkins family home - moment later lurk in the bush , Jeff lure Wendy watkin 's irish setter over to he with he raw hot dog . jeff good dog . Jeff unlatch the dog from its run line . ext . deep wood - day Jeff lead the dog to the same spot where he once tore apart the freeze opossum . Jeff take out he knife . his tooth chatter , readying for the kill . the dog sit , panting , wag its tail . Jeff approach , knife in hand . he pull the dog to he slaughter rock , where remnant of rodent skull be scattered around . the dog yap . its tail continue to wag . but , at the last moment ... Jeff can not do it . he toss the knife aside . jeff go on ! go! go home . get ! the dog run off . Jeff drop to he knee . int . revere high school - history CLASS - day Mr. fedele take attendance . he note Jeff 's absence . 78 . mr . fedele Mr. Jeff dahmer , absent again . that 's five time in the last two week . derf ( whisper ) we need we mascot back ... life 's not as much fun around here . kent I know . neil maybe we should just let he be , you know ? he 's not -- derf c'mon , Neil . it 's all - he like the attention . neil maybe so . but ... Neil keep he thought to himself . ext . revere high school - brick wall - afternoon Jeff finish the last drop from a fifth of vodka . ext . revere high school - front entrance - night Parents hurriedly pick up they kid from after-school practice & rehearsals . they pass Jeff slouched on the front step , sober up . parent Mr. dahmer , another long day hit the book ? jeff yep . he turn away to conceal he sozzle self . ext . acme fresh market - parking lot - day in she oldsmobile omega , Joyce pull into a parking spot . Dave sit in the passenger seat . Jeff sit in the back . lionel 's already there , wait by he car . 79 . int . oldsmobile omega - day joyce just a minute , before you spend the day with you father , I need to talk to he . stay in the car . Joyce take a set of legal document and get out . Jeff quickly steal some loose cash from she purse . both son hear something , and look out the rear window . they watch in stunne paralysis as : Joyce and lionel get in each other 's face , talk forcefully . Joyce wave the legal papers in the air . suddenly , Joyce blow she lid . she shove lionel . she slap at he , yell . retaliating , vein pop out of lionel 's neck . he hold she arm down . she kick he . he kick she back . he shove she away . she run right back at he , flail she arm , lose papers to the ground . random adult rush over to break it up . they separate Joyce and lionel . Joyce be cry , and threaten he . all word be muffle inside the car as the kid watch , helpless . Joyce return to the car , fume . she rummages for she key . she pull out in a rage . dave I think we be go to see daddy . Jeff glare at he mom . ext . revere high school - parking lot - morning Jeff busy more alcohol from a high school dropout . high school dropout you be my best customer . Jeff take the large bottle of vodka and drop it into he leather briefcase , revealing how he transport it undetected . ext . revere high school - parking lot - later row of park car . it 's quiet with class in session . coach natale wander through on a cigarette break and discover Jeff behind a car drink . coach natale hey ! what 's this ? on school grounds . what 's you name ? 80. jeff j-jeff . coach natale what do you have to say for yourself ? jeff ( put on a act ) it 's just ... my parent be split up and I be pretty depressed about it and I think drink might help -- coach natale I be sorry about you folk -- int . vice principal balderelli 's office - moment later vice principal balderelli but that 's no excuse . it 's not as bad as it seem . jeff Little late for that . vice principal balderelli it 's no excuse , period . here 's the deal . you have a choice . I can either phone you parent and tell they what you do or you can take ten lick and not drink again . you call . jeff do not call my parent . vice principal balderelli you choice ... ooookay . balderelli pull a paddle from he desk drawer . jeff really ? vice principal balderelli Bend over and grab the wall . Jeff 's stunne . he put he hand on the wall . balderelli wind up and whack Jeff in the ass . Jeff drop to he knee . vice principal balderelli ( cont ’d ) get up . he return to he position and receive a paddle . each strike be worse than the last . 81 . int . dahmer family home - jeff & dave 's bedroom - that night alone , Jeff pace . a sore limp from the paddle linger . a swirl of deprave thought , he dismantle family , he own inner-disgust bring he to tear . haunted : jeff okay ... alright ... okay ... alright ... tear slide down he face . he drop onto he bed and curl up beside the dead neighborhood jogger , stiff and speechless . Jeff find comfort . Jeff hold the dead jogger tight . jeff ( cont 'd ) ( mutter ) do not leave I , do not leave I . CUT to wide shot of Jeff in bed alone . the dead Neighborhood jogger be a fantasy . int . revere high school - english CLASS - day derf doodle a cartoon of dahmer in he notebook . class discussion of faulkner 's as I Lay dying be background noise . tap tap on the window get he attention . outside the window , Jeff pop he head up and growls at he . derf chuckle . english teacher Mr. backderf . be you with we ? ext . field - night a field party . bully -jock , psycho- stoner , Band nerd be all there . beer can . make out . the dahmer fan Club shotgun beer . several bully - jock impose : bully -jock jerkoff look , the rah rah band nerd drink . kent yeah , whatdya you think , we have ? -- bully -jock numbskull lightweight -- bully -jock jerkoff be home playin’ snare drum . bully -jock dickwad snap. 82 . derf more active than stand on the sideline . mike dang . bully -jock jerkoff good one . y’alright for a turd . where 's you mascot , Dumb dahmer ? derf he 's not here -- bully -jock jerkoff he gonna be you prom date , backderf ? derf you mother might , if she can fit ina dress . bully -jock jerkoff dahmer 's like you little court jester . ' cept he 's not hangin’ with you much anymore . derf the fan club life on . bully -jock jerkoff really ? look like he ditch ya . neil just think he 's confuse -- bully -jock numbskull and look like Neil 's a little protective . bully -jock jerkoff and pass out cartoon flyer be get kinda old , do not ya think ? derf he 's still into it . bully -jock jerkoff I dunno . seem like you be close out you high school career shuck by the fool . bully -jock numbskull make you the fool that you be . derf we will get he to show up . mike for what ? derf uh . a rockin’ command performance . he ’1ll ante up . for sure . bully -jock dickwad doubt it . derf ( aside , to Kent & Mike ) let 's just do it . let 's get he to take he spazz to the max -- kent derf , he 's have not spazze in week . neil he 's not really interested in a whole lot anymore . better not -- derf yeah but , what if we pay he ? i’11l put in five buck . ( drop cash in he cap ) get ‘em out on a Saturday . kent I be in . it ‘’1l be killer . mike he 'il surely blow it on booze . derf ( to Neil ) C ’mon , man , put in some . I be take a pot . mike yeah , for he booze fund . Neil shake he head , disapprove . neil nuh-uh . derf chill , Neil . bully - jock jerkoff pay in . 83 . 84 . bully - jock jerkoff I will believe it when I see it . derf and Mike start to circulate , sell more ticket . int . revere high school - hallway derf stop Jeff in he stuporous path . Jeff bleep , braaaa . derf hey , Jeff . so , look , we get a idea for the fan Club ... onlook , Neil step away , remark -- neil ( to Kent ) we should just leave he alone . he 's not a side show attraction . back to derf , wrapping up he plan with Jeff -- derf great . here 's thirty - two buck . it 'il be you Command performance . we might have more by Saturday . Jeff nod , half - coherent . ext . dahmer family home - driveway - day derf and Kent arrive in the chevy Vegas . they head to the kitchen door and knock . Jeff open the door . jeff gweeeting . derf ready ? jeff just a sec . Jeff head back to retrieve something . derf and Kent decide to tiptoe into the house . kent ( chuckle ) where 's that pink foot stool ? they head through the kitchen and discover depressive Joyce dahmer slouched over at the dining room table , quivering . 85 . joyce hiii boyzzzz . derf and Kent stiffen up . the pink foot stool be tip over on its side , abandon in corner . jeff ready ? Jeff be in the kitchen , with a jacket drape over a paper grocery bag , under he arm . derf and Kent follow he out . int . chevy vega - traveling - moment later it 's drizzle . the wear wiper stutter across the windshield . derf drive with Kent in the passenger seat . Jeff sit in the back , straddle the center hump . derf ( glance in rearview mirror ) you be block my view . sit on either side , dahmer . jeff I be good . Jeff pull a six - pack of busch beer from the paper bag . he pop open a can and flauntingly gulp it down like water . he crush the can and drop it on the floor , then repeat . it 's uncomfortable to watch , so they chatter : kent be Cooper come ? derf he say he be . kent and what about borowski and guentlzer ? derf guentlzer be but borowski do not pay . we will see who in ten minute . derf peek in the rear view mirror . Jeff pound another beer , then another . his '' aura of doom '' make derf twinge . derf ( cont 'd ) I never see ya drink like that before , dahmer . jeff well , here I be . 86 . int . chevy vega - traveling - ten minute later they pull into the summit mall parking lot . Jeff burp in the backseat , already finish with he beer . ext . summit mall - parking lot - continuous in a daze , Jeff follow derf and Kent to the main entrance . jeff where we meeting this idiot ? derf right in front of the Orange julius . jeff I be psyched . int . summit mall - moment later derf and Kent , with Jeff trail , spot the pack of pay spectator , number nearly a dozen upperclassman . mike ' Bout time ! ( hand Jeff cash ) another fifteen buck . not bad . Jeff stuff the cash in he pocket . derf ok . let 's do this . one teenager pull out a 8 mm camera . other start comment and snicker with anticipation . derf ( cont 'd ) we present Jeff -- jeff Jeffrey . for this I be Jeffrey . derf the dahmer fan Club present Jeffrey dahmer in he Command performance . derf pat Jeff on the back , gesture forward ... derf ( cont 'd ) ( whisper in Jeff 's ear ) welcome to the wild world of wasteful capitalism . why do not you show they what it 's all about ? 87 . jeff glllaaaaaaadddd - 11lleeee . Jeff walk down the main shopping hallway toward innocent shopper . the teenage pack trail he at a distance . and like its origin in the high school hallway , Jeff throw a epic epileptic - like spazz , flail he arm and leg ... jeff ( cont 'd ) baaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! unsuspect shopper turn head , spook many . some scurry away with child . the teenage - pack roar with laughter , snort , fall over each other . the teenage -pack oh , man ! that be awesome . where be he ? boo-yah . over there ? get closer . Jeff chase three middle - school girl , moan and grunt in they wake . the girl dip into the bathroom for safety . the teenage - pack ( cont ’d ) do you get that on camera ? Jeff continue plodd through the mall , spook more and more shopper with flare of fit -- jeff uh! uh! uh! uh! uuuuuuuuh ! a mother grab she child . a elderly couple scurry into a clothing store . Jeff approach a food clerk pass out free sample . he take two handfuls in he mouth . jeff ( cont 'd ) what be this ? food clerk toasted sunflower seed . Jeff spit they out everywhere -- jeff pffffffft . I be allergic , I be allergic ... aahhhhhh -- bucking and retching as he scamper away . jeff ( cont 'd ) koff ! koff ! guuuh ! 88. Jeff approach stouffer 's restaurant , the main dining spot . he startles diner in a front table , then knock over drink at the next and slam he hand - splat - into they food . Jeff shudder into the restaurant , spazzing down the aisle . jeff ( cont 'd ) Mr. burrrrrlmannnnn ? Mr. burlmannnn where be you ? where 's my stooooool ? restaurant manager hey , kid , get out -- Jeff respond with a roaring spazz , scare all the diner . restaurant manager ( cont ’d ) out - out . leave . the teenage - pack howl with laughter , bring many to tear . the Restaurant manager chase Jeff out . Jeff writhes he way through the table , avoid the manager on he way out ... montage as Jeff continue he romp in & out of more store : - jeff pop up from behind a clothing rack , scare mother & daughter . - jeff creep out a gaggle of girl enter the cinema . - jeff convulse at the foot of a family . jeff mommmmmmm , mommmmmmm , urrrrr , mommmm . lead to a anticlimactic end ... the group 's interest have dwindle . they start to break apart as Jeff 's final , wane fit barely cause a reaction from a pass shopper . int . summit mall - moment later the teenage pack linger , chitchat about next activity encircle Jeff , who 's seemingly discard . kent ... how about Rocky horror ? derf be the only one who sense Jeff 's exclusion . derf ( obligatory ) that be dope , dahmer . but , no response . his hollow core dump a sourness on derf. 89 . ext . summit mall - parking lot - evening it 's still raining . derf and Kent head to the car . Jeff shuffles behind they . int . chevy vega - traveling Jeff stew in the backseat , a clench fist . derf 's punk play on he stereo . it 's electric eel 's '' agitate . '' derf or head into akron , check out the Bank , that new punk club ? yeah . kent you be alone in this punk stuff , derf . derf it 's a revolution of the american dream go bust . what could be more enlighten and unsettle at the same time ? jeff me. derf huh ? jeff you be welcome . a strain silence . derf I miss the turn onto Granger , so I nil just take the leave on West bath back to you place . okay , dahmer ? jeff I 'il go to the Bank , bang some head around . derf I be not sure if we be -- jeff ( mumble ) you be welcome . something . thank you . kent you alright , dude ? Jeff derf seat 90 . jeff just let I out . why not drag I along ? let I out . derf I be gonna drive you home . jeff pull over . fuck. dickhead . hit the back of Kent 's seat . kent whoa . pull he car over onto the shoulder . Jeff push Kent 's forward before the car come to a stop . derf chill , chill . blows he lid . Jeff Kent Jeff Jeff jeff out , let I out . open he door and step out to make Jeff 's exit easier . kent what 's the stink ? jeff the dahmer fuckin 's fan Club . kick the door , then the side of the car . derf yo ! pound the roof . derf burst out of he car . jeff why have they make I do that ? derf who ? kent what be you talk about ? jeff you . them. everyone . thanks for nothing . 91 . kent you get fifty buck , dude . jeff no no no no . you do not get it . do not get it . you do not get it . forget it . I think you guy have my back . derf we do , dahmer . jeff that you be my friend . Jeff jump at Kent , a awkward mix of a punch and hug . a animalistic , askew moment . Kent wiggle away as derf jump in to pull they apart . it 's such a odd moment that both derf and Kent laugh it off , which unintentionally make it worse for Jeff . derf and Kent withdraw to the car , unsure what to do next . Jeff catch he breath , wipe he runny nose . jeff ( cont 'd ) I be fine . derf what 's wrong with you dahmer ? jeff get out of here . braaaa . go. derf and Kent get back in the chevy Vegas . the ignition stutter before finally turn over . kent bye , dude . they drive off . Jeff be leave in the rain , deeply despondent . int . dahmer family home - kitchen - moment later Jeff enter , sopping wet . a hollow shell of he former self . Joyce be there , uncommonly joyful and bright . joyce ( listen , on phone ) uh huh , uh huh , great . that 's great news . I will . tomorrow , first thing . Joyce hang up . she turn to jeff. 92 . joyce ( cont 'd ) great news . the divorce be finalize . jeff oh. joyce and I need you to promise to keep a secret from you father . I be move back to Wisconsin with you brother . jeff when ? joyce as soon as possible . you dad be get the house . and you can not tell you dad I be do this . promise I you will not tell . ( strain pause ) promise I , Jeff . Jeffrey . jeff I will not , I will not tell . Joyce walk away . he slink back to he bedroom where the baseball bat wait , lean in the corner . ext . dahmer family home - front yard - day Jeff hide in the bush with the baseball bat , anxious . he peak out . Dr. York / Neighborhood jogger be approach . Jeff recoil into the bush . his eye beam with excitement . intercut with : Dr. York 's run sneaker grip the pavement . muscle flex . sweat drip down he face . Jeff tightens he grip on he bat . anticipation whet he appetite . will this be he first kill ? he edge out ... just then -- Joyce dahmer pull into the driveway in she oldsmobile omega . Dr. York run by , save by the interruption . Jeff keel over , simmer and unfulfilled . Joyce pull shopping bag from the trunk , then notice Jeff tangle in the bush . 93 . joyce I be not wash that jeans again . just go shopping for the last time , too tired to make dinner . I be do make dinner for this family . she head inside . Jeff 's tumultuous mood turn to rage . Baseball bat still in grip , he eye the car . he wind up , then beat the nearest tree trunk , roaring : jeff rrrrraaaaaaaaaaa ! 1! ext . deep wood - day it 's a beautiful spring day . two kide , nearly 14 year innocent , stroll on a trail . they come around a bend and discover a dog skull perch on a stick . fly encircle - it 's a recent kill . nearby , the mutilated dog carcass be nail to a tree trunk . horrify , the kid run off . ext . revere high school - practice field student toss a frisbee , enjoy a beautiful day at the end of the school year . int . revere high school - band room - day derf and Mike play chess . mike not a surprise , but I hear you ask penny to the prom . derf yep . be sorta on the down low . kent yeah , like non existent . neil like overdue . derf like none of you bee wax . check . neil Heard she ask you . derf no. actually , checkmate . 94 , mike shoot . who be I gonna invite ? they head to the exit door . mike ( cont 'd ) not that I really wanna go -- neil I hear two kid find a dead dog in the wood , behind bath Church . kent really . crazy . neil yeah , my neighbor and a friend find ‘em . the kid freak out . ext . revere high school - front yard - continuous kent I bet it 's a coven of witch . neil coven of witch ? kent totally . if you read , there 's a rise in satanic cult . I be serious . derf that 's whack . Mike , maybe you can ask they to make a wish in they cauldron to get you a prom date . mike buzz off . Jeff come from around the bush and slink past . neil dahmer . Mike 's look for a date . Jeff stare at all of they , more distant . no answer . mike derf 's put you up for prom King . derf no we be not . mike there be not a girl within fifty mile that would go to prom with dahmer . jeff no ? the comment sting . Jeff stare down Mike . int . revere high school - hallway - day 95 . Jeff stop BRIDGET , a meek sophomore , on she way to class . he uncharacteristically turn on he social charm . jeff Bridget . hi . you get a second ? BRIDGET I be head to french class . jeff well ... I know we do not know each other too well . BRIDGET not really . jeff but I hear you friend Margaret be go to the prom . BRIDGET yeah , with Brian guentlzer . they be friend from debate . jeff what be you do Saturday ? BRIDGET some final papers be due . jeff well , what about go to the prom ? BRIDGET oh . with who ? jeff me. BRIDGET oh . I dunno. 96 . jeff you could join she . and go with I . BRIDGET I do not think that 's a good idea . jeff why ? BRIDGET I be gonna be late . jeff it will be fun . BRIDGET you be not gonna be weird or drink ? jeff I promise , I will not . look , barely any upperclassman know you but if you go to the prom , you will be way ahead of most girl in you class . you wanna seem normal , right ? BRIDGET I guess . jeff so many freshman just wish they could be ask . it 's totally normal that I think of you . BRIDGET I dunno , can I think about it ? let I ask my parent . flatter , Bridget scurries away . Jeff smile . int . country lane party CENTER - reception hall - night prom night . '' stairway to Heaven '' theme , with balloon cluster together like cloud . derf & penny mingle with Kent and Neil and they date . the boy be uncomfortable in rent tuxedoe , and with the pressure of a dance floor . penny where 's Mike ? derf he could not get a date , I guess . wimp. 97 . int . country lane party CENTER - lobby area - night Jeff arrive with Bridget . he 's sober . he 's forgone traditional prom attire and instead wear brown slack , a vest , and a western - style bow tie . Bridget be drape in a long -sleeve , white dress . she seem tentative around he . they immediately encounter the prom photographer , who 's start to break - down he equipment . prom photographer oh , okay . step in front of the back drop . you be my last of the night . Jeff and Bridget pose stiffly next to each other . BRIDGET you promise I you will not drink . I tell my dad you be a friend . jeff I know . prom photographer get closer . do not be scared , she 's not go to bite . Jeff shimmy closer and put he arm around she , awkwardly . prom photographer ( cont 'd ) smile . Bridget smile . click . int . reception hall - moment later Jeff and Bridget enter the prom . many dance to '' I Love the nightlife . '' derf and he buddy idle in the back . kent look who 's here . unbelievable . derf and he buddy observe as Jeff & Bridget make they way through the space : Jeff find she a seat and retrieve punch . she 's charme . BRIDGET thank you . that 's sweet . jeff I try . Neil approach . 98 . neil dahmer . hey . good to see you here . uh , hey , I feel bad . wanna apologize for the mall , dude . jeff you be not there . neil I know . I could not ... you know , you do not have to ... jeff it be not bad . neil yeah ? I do not know ... I be sorry . the music shift to '' hopelessly devote to you '' as Neil 's date tug on he arm . Neil withdraw , apology unfinish . Jeff stew . he look around at the cruel cluster of clique . silence he naysayer , Jeff lead Bridget to the dance floor , increasingly uneasy . sweat dot he forehead . Jeff and Bridget dance , a bit out - of -sync with each other . but she enjoy herself . Copying couple around they , she place both arm around he neck . he turn rigid . BRIDGET you be suppose to put you hand around my waist . Jeff follow she order . and grow more uncomfortable by she closeness . her slight femininity be unpleasant to he . they presence on the dance floor pressure derf , Kent , and Neil to lead they date there as well , join in the discomfort . penny hi. I be penny . BRIDGET Bridget . derf hey , Jeff , good to see you . jeff ( muddle ) congratulation . 99 . derf why ? jeff we make it . derf huh ? they all continue to dance , but Jeff 's composure be slip . the cramped dance floor , bounce head , loud music , he own sober alertness , all compound . he draw back . jeff ( into Bridget 's ear ) I all be right back . gotta pee . BRIDGET oh , okay . Bridget remain dance , now without a date . int . country lane party CENTER - lobby area - night Jeff pass by the bathroom and walk out the front door . int . country lane party CENTER - reception hall - night Bridget stop dance , now lose among the mess . she look around . circulate among the table , grow increasingly upset . Jeff 's nowhere in sight . ext . mcdonald be - night Jeff sit stone - face in he amc pacer , eat a Big Mac . int . country lane party CENTER - reception hall - night visibly upset , Bridget hunch over in a chair sniveling . a pack of girl console she , now ignore they date . and , most everyone at the prom be wonder : derf where 's dahmer ? neil he 's not in the man 's room . penny it 's rude . kent seriously , I be not surprised . 100 . ext . country lane party CENTER - entrance - night Jeff return . parent / chaperone stand in he way . parent / chaperone where do you think you be go ? you can not go back in ? jeff why not ? parent / chaperone once you have leave . you have be drink . jeff I have not . I swear . parent / chaperone rule be rule , young man . Jeff step away . disappointed . dejected . but determine to see the night through , he wait in the parking lot . ext . country lane party CENTER - parking lot - later the prom let out . Bridget 's leave with friend . Jeff approach . BRIDGET I be not talk to you . they be take I home . jeff wait , no . I be sorry . BRIDGET where have you go ? jeff look , they would not let I back in but I do not drink . I just step out to get fresh air and it 's not my fault . BRIDGET this be the worst night of my life . jeff let I make it up to you . BRIDGET no. 101 . jeff please . I mean for you to have a nice evening . BRIDGET how ? the prom 's over . impossible . jeff but , but , I promise you dad I would bring you home safe . I promise he . Bridget stop in she track , now feel guilty . int . amc pacer - traveling - night Jeff drive Bridget home . Jeff break the silence -- jeff do everyone wonder where I be ? BRIDGET yeah . so? jeff good . ext . BRIDGET 's home - driveway - night like a gentleman , Jeff open the car door for Bridget and walk she to the door . she wait , as any confuse young girl might , for a obligatory kiss . Jeff shake she hand , stiffly . jeff good night . abruptly , and awkwardly , end the evening . int . revere high school - history CLASS - day derf and Mike sit with they eye lock on the clock . the minute hand click toward 3:15 pm -- derf five , four , three , two , one ! the final bell ring . they burst out of they seat . mr. fedele have a good summer kid . best of luck in college . 102 . ext . revere high school - moment later student tear out of the school , toss notebook in the air . revere High sign read : congratulation senior good luck ! derf , Kent , Mike , and Neil pile into the chevy Vegas . they blast wmm fm , which fittingly play Queen 's '' we be the champion . '' penny and girlfriend jump into another car to follow they out . meanwhile , Jeff drag he foot and file onto a school bus . int . school bus - continuous Jeff walk by jubilant underclassmen and sit in the back row . a sullen pout . his one safe haven have just end . int . school bus - traveling - day the bus stop . the last passenger file off . bus driver hey , kid . last stop . Jeff trudge off the bus . ext . west bath road - day Jeff walk up the hill , approach he home . ext . dahmer family home - driveway - day Jeff find he mother Joyce hurriedly stuff she last couple of suitcase and box into the oldsmobile omega . jeff Mom , you be gonna miss my graduation ceremony . joyce you father will be there . we can not be at the same place . dave can I go ? joyce no , you will already be in Wisconsin with I and grandma . get in . jeff now ? 103. Joyce and Dave get in and reverse out . Dave wave , naively . int . dahmer family home - moment later Jeff walk into the deathly silent house . empty drawer . miss furniture . yet , there 's the pink foot stool . tipped over and forget . he take it in he hand and bash it into piece against the brick fireplace . lead he to collapse face down on the floor . a flood of tear . ext . revere high school - practice field - day immediately after the graduation ceremony . a congratulatory mood . lionel hand he camera to another father and ask for a photo of he with Jeff , wear cap & gown . lionel smile proudly . Jeff be blank . int . backderf family home - derfus bedroom - evening derf stuff he clothes into a duffel bag . then shove in more random item , quickly realize he 's miss something . int . backderf family home - kitchen - evening derf Mom , I nil be right back . gotta grab some thing at the store . carol but be back soon . I be just about to put you favorite Hawaiian chicken in the oven . derf and pick up my last paycheck . carol we be sit down , the whole family , in little over a hour . derf okay . gotcha . derf burst out of the house . ext . acme fresh market - parking lot - evening exiting with a grocery bag of odd & end , derf wave back to some fellow coworker at the register . he jump back in he car and speed off . 104 . int . chevy vega - traveling - evening window down . wind in the hair . listen to devo 's rendition of '' [ I can not get no ] satisfaction , '' derf cruise the curvy back road of he hometown for one last evening . come around a turn , he headlight catch a figure walk on the side of the road . it 's Jeff . derf pull over . derf Jeff . hey , man . jeff gweeeting ! baaa . derf ha. wanna ride ? headed home ? jeff sure . Jeff get in . derf I be take the long way . I leave tomorrow morning for college . take some summer class . jeff no kid . ext . dahmer family home - driveway - night derf and Jeff pull into the driveway . the house be completely dark . not even a light over the front door . int . chevy vega - parked in driveway - night jeff wanna come in ? derf geez , you house be dark . jeff yeah , I get it to myself . my dad 's live with he girlfriend and my mom 's go to milwaukee with my brother . derf be you bleed ? 105 . jeff Nah . just cut myself . Jeff smudge some blood remnant on he jeans . jeff ( cont 'd ) so you be off to Ohio State ? derf no , Pittsburgh , actually . can not wait , take art class over the summer . what about you ? jeff ah , I be go to Ohio State , I think . derf really . so be Mike . whataya gonna major in ? jeff decowate ! thmmaaa ! derf think biology . jeff yep . a strain silence . derf sense Jeff be lie . derf be you alright ? jeff yep . we could pop open a beer . I get a spleef leave ?... derf oh , I could not . I get dinner with my folk soon . look , I be sorry - you know , I think , wait , I do . I get some in my backseat . be pack up ... derf reach into the back seat and pull out a sketch pad . jeff you get some of I ? derf uh , huh . here . the whole fan Club . and this one 's you play fife . be suppose to be the cover of the yearbook but it get shot down . 106 . jeff geez . derf and this early one . you can have ‘em . Jeff take a moment to look at himself in the cartoon . jeff I do not want this . derf be everything okay ? jeff why would you say that ? derf just askin 's ... I dunno ... you know , high school musta be hard for you . jeff just have a lot on my mind . you sure you do not wanna come in ? derf no hard feeling ? jeff I feel nothing . a strain pause . derf we be just have fun , you know ? jeff yeah . derf good. jeff I be just like anybody else . derf yeah , it 's gonna be great . we be all head on to exciting stuff . Mike 's blow off the summer workin’ at the pool . Neil 's work for he dad , and Kent get a office job in Cleveland . 107 . jeff yeah . i’1l figure it out . just like everybody else . how ' bout one beer and all 's forgiven ? derf okay . they get out of the car . ext . dahmer family home - driveway - continuous derf step toward the kitchen door . moonlight spotlight the louisville slugger leave against the garage . Jeff be a couple of stride behind he . Jeff reach forward and open the door for derf . int . dahmer family home - kitchen - continuous it 's dark . derf step in . a strange heaviness jar he . he turn around . Jeff happen to be oddly close , right in he face . derf oh . hey , on second think . jeff what ? derf I , uh , really should get a move on ... Jeff look at derf in a weird way , confirm derf 's instinct . derf slide past Jeff . ext . dahmer family home - driveway - continuous derf head back to he car . derf sorry , my mom will kill I if I do not get back for dinner . see ya on the flipside , dahmer . Jeff pick up the bat , follow derf to the car . a few step behind as derf swiftly shut he door and reverse out . int . dahmer family home - night Jeff head back inside and lurk around the live room . no light . a eerie glow of splinter moonlight cast through the window . that monstrous thought bubble up : 108 . jeff okay ... alright ... okay ... alright ... ext . backderf family home - driveway - next morning derf get farewell hug from he proud parent , Carol and Richard . he toss he duffel bag in the passenger seat . carol we be so proud of you , John . richard call we when you get to you dorm . carol we love you . derf Love you too , guy . int . chevy vega - traveling - later derf slow down and look over at dahmer 's home . the light be still all off . no life in sight . derf slowly roll past , then continue up the hill and be go . int . dahmer family home - live room - same time empty beer can on the carpet . a pizza delivery box too . seat on the sofa , a dishevel jeffrey dahmer stare blankly out the large wall of open window . summer air and the sound of bird swoop in . Jeffrey check the refrigerator . it 's practically empty . int . dahmer family home - driveway - moment later Jeffrey get in the amc pacer and tear out of the driveway . 101 wmm blare on the radio . dj denny sander and this next song be dedicated to everyone headin’ home from the Michael stanley concert at chippewa Lake . he 's one of Cleveland 's hometown favorite . you be turn to buzzard Radio 101 wmm . int . amc pacer - traveling - later Jeffrey cruise along cleve - mass Road with a six - pack of beer on the passenger seat . he pound one , then another . approaching summit mall 109 . Jeffrey spot a shirtless hitchhiker , 19 , dark complexion and washboard stomach , with he thumb up - hope for a ride . Jeffrey pass by , then impetuously decide to pull over . he lean over and open the car door . via the rear view mirror , Jeffrey watch the shirtless hitchhiker run to he . jeff hey , you just get out of the concert too ? shirtless hitchhiker yeah ! great show . jeff where you head ? shirtless hitchhiker I get this far , head back to akron . jeff wanna party some more ? Jeff offer a beer . shirtless hitchhiker sure . jeff get in . my name 's Jeffrey . shirtless hitchhiker get in . shirtless hitchhiker Steven hick . Nice to meet you . ext . cleve -mass road - bath , oh —- day they drive off into the distance . super : on June 18 , 1978 , Steven hick return to Jeffrey dahmer 's home . he be never see again . fade out .