my girl written by laurice elehwany setting : madison , pennsylvania 1972 close up of vada vada ( to camera ) I be bear jaundice . once I sit on a toilet seat at a truck stop and catch hemorrhoid . and i've learn to live with this chicken bone that 's be lodge in my throat for the past three year , so I know dad would be devastate when he learn of my latest affliction . ( to Harry ) dad , I do not wanna upset you , but my leave breast be develop at a significantly faster rate than my right . it can only mean one thing . Cancer . I be die . harry ( ignore vada ) o.k. sweetie , hand I the mayonnaise out of the fridge . front of sultenfuss ' house vada close front door and go down the step to a group of boy vada all right , who 's in raise you hand . all the boy raise they hand except Thomas J boy be you come or not Thomas j? thomas J I do not think so . vada I know he would not come . thomas J I can not , I have to go home . boy#2 yeah , to play with he doll . vada leave he alone ! come on , let 's go . Group of boy enter house lead by vada once inside , the group be suddenly stop vada ( to boy # 2 ) hey , you do not pay I ! boy #2 how do I know you be gonna show we one ? vada you be such a baby . boy #2 all right , here . Boy reach inside he pocket , get money out and give it to vada vada all right , follow I and do not say a word . they walk towards two large door , stop , and vada turn around you ready ? they enter the coffin display room , and move over to the coffin in the middle of the room you sure you wanna see it , or be someone gonna go yellow belly ? boy # 3 I be not chicken ! vada okay . lean forward . a tense moment as the coffin lid be flung open by vada and the boy gasp as they look inside girl # 1 it 's empty ! boy#2 you be so weird ! boy I want my money back ! vada I be afraid of this . they begin to move into another part of the house boy#2 of what ?? vada well , sometimes when we get them , they be not completely dead , you know , like when they cut a chicken head off and it still run around crazy . boy#3 you be full of shit . vada I bet she 's roam around this house somewhere . they open the door into the live room , where grammoo be in she rock chair there she be , in the rock chair . pause , then grammoo begin to rock the chair gently . the boy all gasp and then all exit very quickly vada hi grammoo . vada seat herself upon grammoo 's lap harry ( in distance , from downstairs ) vada would you bring down my cigarettes ? vada get up and begin to leave vada seeya later . ( kiss grammoo on forehead ) basement , harry &amp ; arthur working on mr . layton harry do I tell you , he be my woodshop teacher . arthur you take woodshop ? harry yeah , I make a tie rack . arthur I make a tie rack . vada come down the stair and stop just before the corner that would allow she to see the corpse of Mr. layton vada ahem . harry vada , just put them on the stool . vada place the packet on a stool vada daddy guess what I beat Thomas J in monopoly yesterday . harry ( completely ignore vada 's comment ) ya , that rack hold six tie . arthur I still have mine . vada recognize Arthur 's voice vada Arthur !! arthur vada !! vada I beat Thomas J in monopoly yesterday . arthur good for you baby . vada once you put the hotel on board walk and Park place he put a shoe in you way . arthur I like to buy off all the railroad . Harry be slightly annoyed at vada distracting they harry vada , we be try to work here . camper pull up outside sultenfuss house basement vada cruella deville steal all the puppy , she be gonna make a fur out of them ! harry ( to Arthur ) Hand I the canula . vada begin to sing doo- wah-diddy - diddy , Arthur join in harry ( annoyed ) vada ! vada dad ? harry I be embalm my high school teacher , do not sing . ( beat ) all right Arthur , just a slide of the needle ..... ( fade out as vada climb stair ) vada climb stair and stop to read patient note , cause of death - cancer of prostate harry ( to corpse ) one nice model C - 501 bronze stainless eternal journey , yeah , you look like a champion . outside sultenfuss ' house day , strange woman get out of camper , walk up to door and ring bell , vada answer stranger be Mr. Harry sultenfuss in ? vada sure , come on in . vada and strange woman make they way to a desk in the foyer , and sit down so , have you have the unfortunate experience of recently lose a love one ? stranger ( puzzle look ) could I see you dad , just for a second ? vada run across to call downstairs vada dad , somebody's here !! vada run back to the desk he 's downstairs work on Mr. layton . prostate Cancer . once it hit you prostate , you be a goner . stranger oh . Harry enter harry how may I ... help you ? stranger I be shelly devoto . we speak , the other day regard the make up artist job . harry oh yes . shelly it 's still available I hope ? harry I think it 's still available . shelly I be a license cosmetologist , I work for two year , at the " dino raphael " salon , all my customer cry when I tell they I be leave . harry uhh , miss devoto ... shelly I have a wonderful disposition , I put people right at ease . harry uhh , miss devoto , this people be already at ease . this be not a beauty parlor , it 's a funeral parlor . shelly they be dead ? harry yes they be . shelly stiff ?? harry ( for want of a better word ) decease . shelly the add just say " makeup artist " doorbell ring harry ahh , excuse I a second will you ? ( open door ) hi George , this be a twelve - fifty - eight , I do not want the burnish handle . ( door close off scene ) vada look out the window at shelly 's camper vada be that you camper ? shelly yes it be . vada that 's really cool . grammoo walk past in a fix stare shelly ( to grammoo ) hello . grammoo keep walk as if she have not hear vada she 's shy . shelly oh . Harry be stand at the door direct the man with the coffin harry just put it back in the display room feller . men okay Harry . the man move off , vada walk over to Harry vada daddy , how come that coffin' so small ? harry they come in all size honey , just like shoe . vada be it for a child ? Harry hesitates harry of course not . vada then who 's it for ? small pause while Harry think of a reply harry short people , very short people . shelly walk over to Harry shelly Excuse I , what about the job ? harry pardon ? shelly I need the job . harry oh , you still want it ? even though uhh ... shelly ohh , oh sure it 's no big deal , you see all my former client will eventually die , and all you client use to be alive , so they have something in common . harry you would be do hair and makeup and answer the phone . shelly okay Mr. sultenfuss , you get a deal . harry great , you can start right away . call I Harry . now , umm , be this what you would normally wear for work ? do not get I wrong , I like it , very much , but the .... shelly I promise i'll take good care of this people , they deserve it , they be dead , all they have get leave be they look . Harry and vada exchange weird look outside shopping mall -area day vada and Thomas J be riding they bike through town thomas J hey look at this , no foot ! vada oh wow , a real evil canieval . vada and Thomas J ride up through a garage psycho mechanic what the hell be you do in my garage , get outta here !!! vada and Thomas J arrive outside the entrance to the doctor surgery , vada enter and climb stair , she pass a small boy in a wheelchair in the corridor , vada enter room inside doctor welty' waiting room nurse randall hi vada , what 's wrong today ? vada I be very sick . nurse randall okay , take a seat , i'll check if the doctor can see you . she pick up phone and whisper something inaudible to the doctor nurse randall okay , he will see you , why do not you go in ? vada open door to doctor surgery and enter over dr welty' shoulder , close up of vada having her ear examined vada well , what be it ? I can handle it . dr welty you be perfectly healthy . vada that can not be , I have all the classic symptom . dr welty sweetheart , do they bring Mr. layton to you house today ? vada yes . dr welty vada you have gotta stop this , there 's absolutely nothing wrong with you ! vada get up in a mood , put hat on , and walk to the door , stop and say with condescending intonation ... vada I will just have to get a second opinion . outside doctor surgery day vada emerge from the building and get on she bike thomas J so , what would he say be wrong with you ? vada be turn and beginning to ride away vada the whole medical profession be a crack . Thomas J be try to catch up thomas J hey wait up for I ! bike ride down MAIN STREET in town vada &amp ; thomas J be singing vada slow down , stop and look at a person on a ladder painting a house vada hey look ! Thomas J stop also thomas J at what ? vada that 's Mr. bixler , let 's go talk to he . thomas J I do not wanna talk to a teacher , it 's summer ! vada hi Mr. bixler ! Mr. bixler turn around and see vada and Thomas J mr. bixler Mademoiselle sultenfuss and the amazing Dr. j! how 's the summer treat you ? vada it 's okay . Mr. bixler , I finish all the book for summer read . mr. bixler really ? already ? the summer 's just begin . vada yes , and now I be read War &amp ; peace for fun . mr. bixler no wonder you be my prize pupil . what about you Thomas J ? thomas J I have not start yet . mr. bixler better get on he case vada . Mr. bixler get down off he ladder vada Mr. bixler , how come you be painting this old house ? mr. bixler well I just buy it , now I be fix it up . vada this be one big house for one single person . mr. bixler well , you never can tell ... ( vada get worried look on she face ) I might get a pet . ( vada 's expression relax , she smile ) vada how be you gonna get the money for this old house if you be not work ? mr. bixler well I be gonna teach creative write this summer , so , I be do some work . vada how much do it cost ? mr. bixler thirty five dollar . vada what do you get for that ? mr. bixler I , two hour a week , talk about poetry . this a interrogation vada ? vada no. well , guess i'll go home and finish off War &amp ; peace . mr. bixler it 's summer ! you be kid ! go play ! vada and Thomas J ride off down street side on shot of vada and thomas J riding down STREET , camera be moving with they thomas J wanna go to Gray 's orchard and pick some peach ? vada no , I be go home . thomas J why ? it 's not dinner time yet . vada dinner time ?? you be like a dog ! you just go home to eat . vada accelerate leave Thomas J in she track do not pee on the hydrant !! vada' bedroom vada put a record on to play . ( song be " wedding Bell blue " ) she then open a drawer and pick up a class photograph , with Mr. bixler enhaloed in a heart shape . Music begin to play and vada sing along the first few bar whilst look at the photo longingly sultenfuss ' dine room table night , vada be lying on the floor sprawled out , harry and phil be having a conversation , and grammoo be sitting staring into space , shelly enter shelly Excuse I Harry , I finish Mr. layton 's hair . he kinda look ...... ( she see vada lie down sprawle out on the floor ) Harry , what 's wrong with she ?? harry oh , she 's just pretend . vada , get up here and eat you broccoli ! shelly move over and crouch down next to vada vada ( very sick sounding voice ) I think it 's my prostate . all of a sudden , grammoo begin to sing grammoo I get rhythm , I get music , I get my man who could ask for anything more ? I get daisy , in green pasture , I get my man , who could ask for anything more ? as this be be sung , shelly slowly look up with a very weird expression , this be too much for she outside front of house , vada and thomas J sitting on step day shelly exit house and close door behind she , and then crouch down beside vada and Thomas J shelly who 's win ? vada I be . as vada and Thomas J continue to play , three vada-age girl come up to the end of the sultenfuss ' driveway girl # 1 look , there 's vada and she little boyfriend ( very mock voice ) vada he be not my boyfriend ! girl # 2 I bet she kiss he on the lip ! vada do you think I kiss that ugly old thing ? thomas J yeah anyway . girl # 2 come on let 's go . girl # 1 &amp ; girl #2 Judy 's father own the movie theater and we get to see all the movie we want for free . judy maybe you can come some time . guy #2 eeeuww , do not invite her , she will have to bring she boyfriend . the two girl begin to walk off , Judy follow slowly look guilty and embarrassed by she friend girl # 2 ( together ) vada and Thomas , sit in a tree , k-i - S -s - I - n-g , first come love , then come marriage , then come Thomas J in a baby carriage . Judy wander off screen , look sorry for vada shelly you know vada , you should not let that girl upset you . vada I be not upset . I will never play with that girl . I only surround myself with people who I find intellectually stimulate . Thomas J look at shelly and smile , he be proud to be the friend of such a intelligent girl shelly ( to vada ) want a piece of chocolate ? vada shake she head shelly Thomas j? thomas J I be allergic to it . shelly to chocolate ? vada he 's allergic to everything . shelly chocolate ? vada &amp ; thomas J to everything . shelly notice a ring that vada be wear on she right index finger shelly ooh , that 's a pretty ring you be wear . vada it 's a mood ring , it tell what mood I be in . thomas J it do not work , it always stay black . ( note ring be black ) vada it 's only black when you be around ' cause you put I in a bad mood . shelly maybe black mean you be happy ? vada I do not think so . ( pause ) shelly , how can I get thirty five dollar ? thomas J she 's crazy , she want to go to school over the summer . vada it 's not a real school , it 's a write class , I wanna be a writer . thomas J she only want to do it because she sweetie pie 's the teacher . vada be annoyed that shelly now know she little secret and push Thomas J vada shut you big fat mouth ! shelly I think you would make a fine writer , do you ask you dad ? vada he will not give it to I . shelly well you do not know that . ask he . sultenfuss ' live room , grammoo and harry watching tv , vada enter vada pass grammoo and Harry who be watch a tv show , she then seat herself next to Harry vada daddy , can I have thirty five dollar ? harry that 's a lot of money for a little girl . vada it 's for school , for summer write class . harry ( engross with tv show ) any more soda leave ? vada pour Harry another soda vada shelly think I would be a good writer . harry last month you want to play the violin . then you want to be a ventriloquist . Harry keep he gaze fix the entire time upon the tv screen vada dad ? harry ( refer to tv ) I love this guy ! ( he laugh ) vada dad ?? harry what ? vada the money ? harry ahh , maybe next summer . vada' thought he forget about the time I want to be a magician , I be really great at make myself disappear . foyer of sultenfuss ' house , vada bouncing basket -ball , arthur enter vada wanna play ? arthur no , I gotta go to the cemetery , keep you head up . do not look at the ball , look at I . Arthur grab ball and begin to dribble it properly as a demonstration see . you be look at the ball . all right ? keep you head up . gimme some skin , they both give each other five i.e . slap each other hand , Arthur exit . vada continue bounce the ball , which accidentally veer off and go down the stair into the basement scary music vada go very slowly down the stair , and peek round the corner , she be clearly very scared of the basement and the corpse contain in it , she then rush down and grab the ball . as she turn around , shelly , who be upstairs walk through the house and see the door ajar , slam it shut unaware that vada be down there . vada run up the stair and try to open the door , she can not , drop the ball and start to yell out for help and bang on the it . shelly hear the noise and come to the door . vada , overcome with fear , sit on a step , cover she ear and begin to sing doo- wah- diddy - diddy . shelly yank the door open and see vada crouch on the step shelly vada ? vada ?? what happen ?? vada ( extremely frighten and timid ) my ball , I lose my ball . shelly ( pick vada up onto she foot ) come on sweetie . the two exit the scene shelly putting makeup on dead lady , basement of sultenfuss ' house shelly Excuse I Harry ? harry uh huh ? shelly could you take a look at Mrs. porter ? harry yeah . Harry get up from he desk , move over to Mrs. porter and observe shelly 's work , he look unimpress do not I give you a picture of what she look like ? shelly yeah , ( search pocket , eventually pull out a photo ) Harry compare photo with Mrs. porter 's face shelly you do not like it ? harry this be the reverend porter 's wife , you have she look like a two dollar hooker . shelly ( a little offended ) I think she look nice ! her lip be very thin so I use the gloss to give they a more sensual quality , and she eye just need a little definition , and she hair , I be sorry , nobody wear this hairdo anymore in 1972 . harry she do . this photo be take a month ago at the church food drive . shelly I just want to get past this " old school marm " image . harry that be not a image . she be a old school marm. ( beat ) fix it . Harry begin to leave shelly Harry ? ( Harry stop and turn around ) I be just wonder , if there be anything wrong with vada . harry what do you mean ?? shelly well the other night at dinner ... harry oh that , she just like to play . shelly I do not think so , I think she 's confuse about death . harry she be raise in a funeral home , she know a thing or two about it . shelly Harry , I really think she ..... harry ( annoyed ) she 's a perfectly happy eleven year old girl , look , do not give I any advice about my daughter , okay ? outside front of house , vada and thomas J be turning a skipping rope and phil be jumping in it puffing away , vada &amp ; thomas J be saying a rhyme that goe with skipping game , shelly pull up in her camper vada there 's shelly ! vada and Thomas J stop turn the rope leave phil stand there exhaust , and run over to shelly 's camper , shelly get out shelly hi. vada can we look around in you camper ? shelly sure . I will give you the royal tour . vada and Thomas J rush inside the camper ( surprised at vada and Thomas J 's eagerness to get inside ) woah ! gosh ! Thomas J seat himself at the driver seat and make " vroom vroom " noise , vada sit at the table , select a book from a small bookshelf on the side , and begin to read it thomas J wow , this be the coolest thing , like you really eat and sleep here ? shelly uh huh . thomas J I be gonna drive we to Liverpool . shelly Liverpool ? vada Big ringo fan . shelly ohh , right . would you like a soda ? vada I would . shelly Thomas ? thomas J yes please . Thomas uproot himself and sit opposite vada at the table thomas J what be you read ? vada make a gesture at Thomas J with she finger up to she lip imply that he should be quiet shelly notice vada read the book shelly oh ! you should not be look at that , it 's a little too old for you . she take the book away from she vada do you read all this book ? shelly uh huh . vada what be they about ? shelly mostly love , and romance . thomas J eeeeuuuww , gross . shelly they be just fun to read . shelly hand the soda around here , cheer . everybody take a mouthful of drink vada be you marry ? shelly no , I be divorced . vada daddy say it 's bad when people get divorced . shelly well , sometimes marry people just find out they can not live with each other . thomas J mine be not divorced . Thomas J get up and reach for the cookie jar shelly , can I have a cookie ? shelly with bottle of soda in mouth hmmmph gurgle gurgle ... Thomas pull out a few bank note of largish denomination thomas J hey , where be all the cookie ?? vada see the money and the expression on she face show she have a idea shelly well , I guess you find my secret hide place . thomas J what be you save for ? shelly nothing in particular , just put it away for a rainy day . cuckoo clock go " cuckoo . " lunch time , 12 o'clock thomas J I be suppose to be home at noon for lunch , thanks shelly . Thomas J leave shelly bye. well miss vada , what d' you say we head back ? vada can I use you bathroom first ? shelly sure . vada you do not have to wait , daddy will be mad if you be late . shelly okay . shelly exit and vada enter toilet with a very guilty look on she face summer writing CLASS , focus on mr . bixler mr. bixler the great way , be not difficult for that with no preference , with the absence of both love and hate , everything become clear and undisguise . that be write by a chinese philosopher in the year 600 . now why would I choose to bring that up in a creative write class ? because , the absence of judgment help we to appreciate reality . in other word , I want you to listen to you classmate write , with a clear and open heart , okay ? so who 's gonna go first ? guy I get one . he get up I sing a song for you to hear , I paint a picture for you to see , I pick a rise for you to smell , I plant grass for you to touch , but you do not hear my song , you do not see my picture , you do not smell my rise and you do not touch my grass . woman maybe she be outta town ? guy#2 that 's not funny , he poem be about futility , we toil in unrewarded obscurity . mr. bixler now , I hear judgment , let 's not forget the part about the open heart ... the door at the back of the room open and vada enter hold a write pad and pen look nervous vada , be there , something I can do for you ? vada ( very nervous ) I pay the money . mr. bixler for this class ? vada uh huh , I wanna be a writer . mr. bixler vada , this be a adult write class . justin hey , I think it 's real beautiful . she want 's to be a writer . mr. bixler vada , you sure you wanna do this ? vada nod she head mr. bixler welcome to the class , go find a seat . the class applaud okay ahh , who 's next ? ronda I experience something with my boyfriend the other day , and I write a few word down . mr. bixler the floor 's yours ronda . ronda he cover I like a blanket , from the cold , dark night , as I look into he eye , I know it 's right , to touch , to feel , I know he 's real , flesh all a mush , flesh all a mush , I can not fight it , there 's no point , I wake up in lighter joint . several look glance around the room . vada raise she hand mr. bixler uhhh , va , uhh , vada . vada I write a poem too . mr. bixler please . vada load of ice-cream by vada sultenfuss I like ice-cream a whole lot , it taste good when day be hot , on a cone or in a dish , this would be my only wish , vanilla , chocolate or rocky road , even with pie a la mode . that 's all I get so far . justin I hear that vada , flesh all a mush or Rocky Road , it 's about desire . mr. bixler vada that 's ... it 's very sweet , and it rhyme and that 's also good but , you be not express to I what 's in you soul . I want you to show I how you see the world , you fear , you desire , you innermost secret . vada' thought my fear and secret . I be afraid I kill my mother . outside sultenfuss ' house , then inside on shelly at desk , tuba be be played in the background shelly get up smile when she hear the music and proceed to the live room shelly poke she head in the door to see Harry play a tune to grammoo on he tuba harry ( sung , to grammoo ) can not do without , Harry 's wild about I . shelly Excuse I Harry , I be sorry , I just wanna let you know that the flower be deliver . and the room 's all set up . harry thanks , listen I wanna apologize for the other day downstairs , about vada , I be a little harsh . shelly I should not stick my nose in other people 's business . it 's just that I like vada , very much . harry after my wife die , grammoo move in here to help take care of vada . they be very close , but lately as she mind 's be wander more and more , vada 's be act kinda crazy . I be sure she will snap out of it though . shelly I be sure she will . vada and thomas J at there favorite spot , edge of lake with very large beautiful weeping willow just up the bank a little from a SMALL pier where two fishing pole be set up , one held by vada and the other by a holder as thomas J hang upside down from the tree thomas J nothing 's bite today . vada maybe they have a big breakfast . thomas J ( hang from tree ) I be gonna be a acrobat when I grow up . vada Big deal , I can do that too . ( Thomas J 's reel begin to click ) Thomas J , you get something ! thomas J oh no ! ( he jump down from the tree ) uuh . vada hurry ! thomas J I be try . vada reel it in . ( Thomas J reel the fish in ) he 's only tiny , throw he back . thomas J I do not like touch fish , how do you pull the hook out without touch it ? Thomas J put he foot on the fish and pull vada you be hurt he , do not kill he !! the hook be out of the fish 's mouth and sit on the pier vada then remove the hook from the fish 's mouth {minor error in film} and in the process prick herself vada ouch ! darn hook ! vada put the fish back vada I be bleed , do he get away ? go look . Thomas J look and see the fish , dead , float on top of the water thomas J yeah he get away . come on let 's go . vada hey , we can become blood brother . thomas J naah , I do not wanna . vada you could pick that scab on you arm . thomas J it 's a mosquito bite . vada it will bleed . thomas J if I do it , can we go ? vada uh huh . thomas J okay , ow ! Thomas J pick the scab on he arm which begin to bleed vada okay , rub they together . they rub they cut together vada now we be blood brother for life . harry be typing up a death notice in he study , shelly enter shelly hi. harry oh hi , what can I do for you ? shelly nothing , I be just wonder what you be do . harry oh , I be just type up a funeral notice , you know when someone die people want it in the paper usually , it 's a service we provide for the family . shelly oh right , right , ( she pick up the newspaper ) . bader Lorenzo die June 22 1972 devote husband to nicolette . cherish father of babritzio and heidi , in lieu of flower , please send donation to the holy name society . harry I write that . shelly no kid ? Harry give shelly a matter - of - fact look shelly oh it 's good , " in lieu of " I love that word lieu . harry I prefer it to " instead " , it have more dignity . shelly in lieu ... " instead " .... no contest . harry it 's no big deal . shelly you have to learn how to take a complement . ( shelly turn the newspaper over ) movie , movie , ahhhh , " Love Story " at the drive in , I cry my eye out , do you see it ? harry I have not be to the movie in age . shelly I love go to movie , especially at the drive in . I do not think there 's anything more romantic than go to the drive in . ( subtle hint ) I will let you get back to work . shelly begin to exit with a look of failure on she face harry I do enjoy play bingo , if you would like to join I for a game tomorrow night at church you be welcome to . shelly ( consider for a moment ) okay . Harry resume type vada be running through foyer and begins to pass bathroom where shelly be putting on makeup shelly hi vada . vada be you go out somewhere ? shelly no . vada so how come you be put lipstick on ? shelly a girl 's always gotta look she best . vada I think lipstick look fake , no - one lip be that color . shelly have you ever try any ? vada no . shelly come here , sit down . vada enter bathroom and sit down on the close toilet seat , shelly bring up a stool and sit down in front of vada . vada get some lipstick put on she shelly now , first we blot . vada blot she lip on some tissue shelly take a look . I think it look real nice on you . vada look in shelly 's mirror vada shelly , do you think I be pretty ? shelly yes , vada I think you be very pretty . you have get this great big sparkling eye , the cutest little nose , a amazing mouth . vada the boy at school do not think I be . shelly they will come around . Close you eye , I wanna bring out the gorgeous color in they . the first rule in apply eye makeup , be you can never wear enough blue eye shadow . vada do you like put makeup on people ? shelly uh huh , i have be try to get out to Hollywood for year to do makeup for all the star , I have not get there yet . ( she finish she work ) all right , open you eye . vada open she eye and look in the mirror vada shelly , I would definitely hold off on that Hollywood thing . vada exit house through front door , raunchy music be playing and she doe a groovy walk to the step where thomas J await her , she lie down length way across the step and look at he thomas J you lip bleed ? vada no . thomas J what 's wrong with you eye ? vada a girl can never wear enough eye shadow . thomas J where 's you bike ? vada oh , in the garage . walk I over . the two enter the garage , where a large black hearse be park vada it 's only a garage , come on . vada notice that one of she streamer on she bike be go vada hey , one of my streamer be go ! it probably fall off in here . Thomas J walk over to a model of a head thomas J hey look at this ! vada that be grammoo 's . it 's a phrenology chart , they use to study the bump in you head to see if you have a good personality or not . come here , i'll diagnose you head . thomas J no , I do not wanna . vada come on , it 's fun . vada examine Thomas j's head and then compare it with the chart vada hmmmm , interesting . thomas J what ? vada you have no personality . thomas J hey , where do it say that ? vada never mind . Thomas J knock the lid off a small box and reveal a photo thomas J be that you dad ? vada yes . thomas J who 's that with you dad ? vada it 's my mother . thomas J do you remember she ? vada no. grammoo say she 's in heaven . thomas J what do you think it 's like ? vada what ? thomas J Heaven . vada I think , everybody get they own white horse , and all they do be ride and eat marshmallow all day , and everybody 's best friend with everybody else , when you play sport , there 's no team , so nobody get pick last . thomas J but , what if you be afraid to ride horse ? vada it do not matter , ' cause they be not regular horse , they get wing , and it 's no big deal if you fall , you just land in cloud . thomas J that do not sound so bad , come on , we will never find that streamer . as they leave , vada turn back and grab the photo , then return to Thomas J harry bedroom , harry be dressing and getting ready for he date with shelly the tune " moonglow " be play on the radio phil well well well , what 's go on in here ? harry nothing , I be dress . phil oh , you be dress , uh huh , Harry Harry Harry Harry , do not you know it 's not nice to lie to you big brother ? phil then proceed to give Harry a noogie harry hey ! watch the hair !! this shirt give !!! all right !!!! phil stop I be go out with shelly . phil oh yes , oh that 's great . harry I be very nervous . phil why ? harry the last date I have be twenty year ago . phil that 's true . Harry Harry sit down , let I fill you in on today 's woman , since the last time you date , something happen , " the sexual Revolution " , now before that , you use to have to hold a door open for a woman , pull she chair out , pick up the check , no more no more , you wanna know what else be miss ? bras ! harry oh come on . phil Harry , I be serious , trust I Harry this woman 's lift we in , you gotta treat she like every Tom Dick and Harry . harry be you sure about all this ? phil do you not tell vada I be a womanizer huh ? harry oh , I be run late . shelly will be here any minute . phil oh she 's pick you up , good you be on the right track . harry no , she 's just drive over here , then we be take my car . how do I look ? phil like a sultenfuss . go get them . Harry run down the stair and pass vada on the way harry goodnight vada . vada dad , why be you dress up to go to bingo ? harry ahh , I just wanna look nice . vada you never care before . harry well shelly 's come over , we be gonna go together . vada why ? harry she like to play bingo . vada can I go too ? harry naah , I think you would better stay here and keep grammoo company . Harry leave and then vada make a decision , she go out the door outside the sennet' house , vada be creeping along night vada approach the sennet 's house and signal through the window for Thomas J to come outside , which he do thomas J vada ? vada ?? where be you ?? vada spring up from she hide place vada here . thomas J do not do that !! vada sorry . thomas J what do you want ? my mom will skin I alive if she find I be out here . vada let 's go to the church , they be play bingo tonight . thomas J I tell you i'll get in trouble . vada pacifist ! thomas J I be not . vada bed wetter ! thomas J I stop that ! at the church , focus on the bingo announcer who be calling out the number harry do not worry , there 's a strategy to bingo . for instance , on a give night anybody can win , but I play the odd , when choose bingo card , I use a range of theory from the law of probability to avoid duplicate number system . this way you get much more activity . shelly ( hopeful ) do it make it easier to win ? harry no. just , more activity . Harry then pull a seat out and sit down in it , cut shelly off , who have to pull she own seat out and sit down harry ( as he sit down , to the person next to he ) hi Carl . outside the church night vada and Thomas J be walk up to the church thomas J they be not gonna let we in vada , we be kid . vada we be not gonna bet , we be just gonna watch . thomas J watch bingo ? I do not even like to play bingo . vada duck ! vada and Thomas J be ducking behind a counter on one side of the church , Harry and shelly be quite clearly visible on the other side of the room shelly ( in the distance , as a number be announce ) oh great ! thomas J hey there 's you dad and shelly . vada ssshhhhh , I do not want they to see I . shelly ( in the distance again , as another number be announce ) aarrggh . close up of harry and shelly as shelly look around the bingo table , she notice that everyone around she be chronologically advantaged in a big way shelly I just have a terrible think Harry . harry what 's that ? shelly I be gonna be put makeup on some of this people very soon . harry why d' you think this seat be empty . outside thomas J can we go yet ? vada go ??? thomas J you know I be not allow outside my myself after dark . close up again shelly oh , I be just not lucky Harry . harry look , it 's not always luck , I mean , depend upon the placement of the number , a guy with 10 card could win just as easily as a guy with 100 . shelly kinda like man . harry oh , how do you mean ? shelly you can be in a room with 100 man , and not like any of they , or you can be in a room with just one man , and he 's exactly the one you want . Harry and shelly be about to kiss each other , vada see this and do not look too happy about it vada ( in semi-deep fake voice ) bingo ! bingo announcer we have a winner . will the winner please raise they hand ? carl there be no bingo , it come from outside . vernon how could someone outside get a bingo ? carl someone outside do not get a bingo , someone outside yell bingo you moron ! vernon who be you call a mowon ? ( false tooth ) vernon' wife put a lid on it Vernon ! carl put a lid on it ?? if you be not 200 year old , I would kick you wrinkle arse !! the two old man then have a fight , Harry attempt to break it up harry hey feller feller , it 's just a bingo game . meanwhile , shelly have find it all rather amusing outside vada we can go now . vada and Thomas J run off down the street vada' bedroom night , vada be lying on her bed thinking as she hear Harry 's car approach , she go to she window and look out it through the venetian blind outside stop car Harry get out of he side , come round to the other side and then hesitates before decide to follow he brother advice and let shelly get out herself , which she do , eventually shelly I have a good time tonight . harry I have not have a bingo partner in age . they walk up to shelly 's camper shelly would you like to come in and see my house ? just for a minute . harry okay , sure . they enter , vada continue to watch they from she room inside camper , harry and shelly enter shelly Home sweet home . harry it 's nice . shelly I do it myself . I read a magazine article about how to maximize small space . harry well it certainly look bigger that it seem . shelly you can look in the bathroom if you want . people be always curious about that , like what happen when you flush . Harry move toward the back of the camper and look in the bathroom , and then flush the toilet harry yeah . shelly be you mad at I ? harry no , why ? shelly I do not know , tonight you just seem a little cool , not open car door and ... harry oh , that be phil , try to give I advice on dating 70' woman . look I be so out of touch , I have not date woman in age , not since my wife die . shelly what happen to she ? harry ahh , complication during child birth , she die two day after vada be bear . shelly do she ever see vada ? harry I bring the baby into the room a couple of time , she open she eye , yeah , yeah I think she see vada . it be ..... Harry look at the item that he pick up and be fiddling with to calm he nerve do I ruin this ? shelly dance with I ? harry here ? shelly this be where we be . harry be there enough room ? shelly move a object from the floor , which create more room harry I have not dance in ..... shelly in age , I know , I neither . they begin a slow dance harry rock ? shelly see , you be not that out of touch . ( they dance ) you be good . harry at widdman High I be consider a pretty hot date , I do a killer frugue . shelly smell Harry 's neck shelly what be you wear ? harry Old spice , phil say it 's a timeless classic . they continue to dance shelly do you want to ? harry want to what ? shelly kiss I . harry yes . shelly good . they then have a long kiss shelly good at kissing , and dance , I be very optimistic . they then kiss again , this time interrupt by the clock cuckooing harry I ahh , better go . shelly it 's only eight o'clock . harry goodnight shelly . shelly goodnight . Harry exit the camper follow by shelly who stand at the door outside camper night , harry have just got out of shelly camper shelly well , I guess it 's official we have a date , maybe we can play bingo again sometime . harry I be tired of bingo , maybe we should try that drive in of yours . shelly goodnight . Harry wave vada' room vada finish watch , and go to bed summer writing CLASS day mr. bixler before the class start , ronda and Justin want to lead the class in a group meditation . woman ooooh that 's really cool . justin okay what we be gonna do be , send we vibe out into the group . Justin turn on some kind of tape deck which begin to play weird music ronda everybody hold hand , and close you eye . relax you muscle and take deep breath . justin now , try to feel what the other person be feel , without speak any word , send out you vibe , and receive the vibe around you at the same time . can you feel it ? ronda okay , open you eye . what do everybody feel ? guy I feel Mrs. hunsaker 's strength . other guy I can feel that ronda be one with the Earth , she 's so cosmically in tune . ronda so right on , that 's exactly what I send out , and I feel like , you be full of inner peace and harmony . mr. bixler vada , what do you feel . vada I feel Justin 's hangnail . justin no vada , that 's not what we be look for , a hangnail be insignificant . what 's in my soul , feel my aura . vada I do not think I be allow to . justin I tell you what , let 's try it again , hold hand . vada' thought grammoo once have a hangnail on she big toe . it get infect and travel to she vocal chord , it ruin she sing voice , I do not think grammoo think it be insignificant . vada' room , vada lying on bed thinking vada get out of bed and go down corridor to see grammoo , she seat herself cross legge next to grammoo on she bed and take she hand in a attempt to do some spiritual heal supermarket day , vada and harry be shopping harry lettuce , watch out for the rust when you get lettuce . suddenly shelly appear behind they and call out shelly hey , I think I recognize you two , hi vada . vada hi. harry I be just pick some thing up for the barbecue . shelly yeah , I too , mind if I tag along ? harry not at all . lot of potato ! shelly it 's for shelly 's famous potato salad . harry I be look forward to that . vada , who be push the shopping trolley behind Harry and shelly , obviously do not like the idea of Harry &amp ; shelly , and she ram she cart into Harry harry hey , ouch , damn it !! vada , watch what you be do . vada sorry . shelly you know this be gonna be my first 4th of July picnic in a long time . harry really ? vada ( pick up large can of prune ) dad , do not you say you need prune real bad ? harry ahh , vada , just put anything you want in the cart , anything at all . ( to shelly ) I do not know what 's get into she today . vada begin to throw can of every description from the shelf into the shopping trolley at regular interval , not give a stuff what they contain vada' thought I use to like to play with my Ken and barbie doll , Ken be my favorite . then one Christmas I get they a camper , and all they want to do be hang out in it by themselves . so I be not too upset when they take that wrong turn and go over a cliff . close up of american flag day , harry - playing tuba , shelly , phil &amp ; vada singing " STAR spangled banner " and grammoo stand next to they watching mustang pull up next to shelly camper , it stop and two men get out harry cooking meat pattie on barbecue , which be beginning to look charree , phil be stand next to he phil Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry , I tell you to use fewer briquette and now look what you have do . you have cremate they . harry that 's what I do . do you wanna do it ?? phil no , no no .... harry look if you think you know how , why do not you pre-measure the briquette in little package , put out a product , support I for a while ! phil exit scene , shelly come up behind Harry shelly how 's it go chef ? harry okay . vada be see turn she head to look at Harry and shelly , she do not like Harry and shelly stand so close together , she decide to make she move and push in between Harry and shelly vada be they ready yet ? harry no , sweetie , not yet . shelly begin to brush vada 's hair with she finger , which vada do not like and she shake she head to get shelly off vada when ? harry soon honey , soon . shelly again try to fix up vada 's hair ( which there do not appear to be anything wrong with ) and vada shake she off again vada when ?? harry in a minute , look it 's hot , sweetie you will burn you nose , look out . vada back off , follow by shelly the two men that got out of the car be proceeding up the sultenfuss ' driveway focus on phil , harry , vada , shelly and grammoo at the table outside , shelly say a semi - grace shelly rub a dub dub , thanks for the grub , yay God . harry I will second that . vada hey shelly , like seafood ? shelly uh huh , why ? vada see food ! vada open she mouth and display half chew bbq cuisine to shelly shelly ( laugh ) that 's attractive . shelly 's glance move to behind grammoo on the other side of the table and beyond , where the two man be stand look around shelly ( under she breath ) oh shit ! Excuse I ... shelly get up and move off to talk to the man , vada and phil turn so they can see what be go on , Harry can already see , grammoo just sit stare into space man hey shelly , who life here ? ( point at hearse ) the addam family ? shelly Danny , what be you do here ? danny what be I do here ????? what be I do here ? shelly ( to other man in background ) hi Ralph . oh Danny , how would you find I here ? danny you tell everybody where you be go , I be here for the motor home . scene shift to vada , phil and Harry for a moment phil this two people do not have a good relationship . shelly ( in background ) no ! _ i_ buy it , _ i_ pay for it ... scene shift back to close up of shelly and Danny argue shelly I have be live in it for over a year , the camper be mine . danny Excuse I , mutual asset , that 's what the lawyer say , it 's suppose to be " our mutual asset " , not " shelly 's recreational vehicle " . gimme the key . shelly keep you voice down ! danny what ? shelly the boss be watch we ... danny ( sarcastic ) I be impressed . shelly God I guess i'll have to introduce you now . danny yeah , all right ... shelly and Danny walk over to the table where the rest of the family be seat , Ralph follow close behind shelly ( talk to Danny , point at the people respectively ) this be Harry , phil , grammoo and vada sultenfuss ... danny vada sultenfuss ?? tough break . vada ( matter - of - fact ) I like my name . shelly ( to the sultenfuss ' ) this be Danny and Ralph , they own the dino raphael salon in Detroit . ( point at Danny ) we use to be marry . vada ( extremely hopeful , to Danny ) be you here to take shelly back ? Danny shake he head at vada , then Harry get up and walk round the table harry uhh , it 's nice to meet ya . uhh , we get burger and hot dog here if you would care to join we ? danny can not stay , I be just here because my wife ..... shelly quickly interject shelly ex ...ex , ex ... danny my __ex__ wife seem to have rip off my camper . harry shelly ? shelly honestly Harry , he get the mustang , I promise ..... danny I do not think so , I get a copy of the property settlement right here . Danny pull out a piece of paper ahh shit , this be my lease ...... damn it , I keep forget thing , I be get senile . harry Danny ? danny what ? harry okay , I know you have suffer a terrible loss , and there 's really nothing anyone can do to comfort you , but I urge you to focus on the time you have with the camper , the trip you take , the sight you see , that day be go now , but they will live on in you heart forever . danny ( to shelly ) this guy bonk you ? shelly ( disgust ) Danny that 's a real _bonehead thing to say ! harry ( to Danny ) look , you be not gonna take shelly 's camper . danny oh .. oh .. oh no ?? oh ? harry it 's she home ! it 's where she life !! danny oh really , okay fine look , go cook , ( to shelly ) gimme the goddam key . Danny try to grab the key from shelly shelly stop it ! that hurt !! Harry be now very annoyed harry Danny ..... as Harry say " Danny " for a second time he plant he fist in Danny 's stomach with force , wind he and shutting he up focus on vada and phil be face , which be startled full scene , shelly be gaping , danny be bent over with ralph holding he up , vada and phil watching closely and grammoo staring into space ralph what would you do that for ?? harry who be you ? ralph I be he brother . harry oh then you will probably be visit we here quite often . ralph why ?? harry because if he ever try to take shelly 's camper again , I be gonna bury he in my front yard . Ralph look rather disturb by this focus on vada and phil , vada still gaping phil ( quiet voice , to vada ) you father be a savage . vada look up at phil , phil look back and nod road in front of sultenfuss ' house , danny and ralph in car , shelly leaning over with her head in window night shelly bye Ralph . the car with Danny and Ralph in it pull away and shelly wave shelly ( to Harry ) well , you be pretty great ! harry be it really you camper ? shelly make gesture with she right hand suggest " sort of " suddenly a sky rocket scream up in the sky and then explode , Harry and shelly look up and watch the firework shelly can we see it from the back yard ? harry you can get the general idea ... they move off to the back yard ... harry yep , there they be ... they always look the same every year ... shelly point upwards look ... harry do you ahh , love he ? shelly I would never marry anybody I do not love . vada and phil sitting on seat - swing watching firework vada he must like shelly , I never see he hit anyone in he life . phil he like she . vada do he love she ? phil probably . vada do you like she ? phil yes I do , and I think she 's very good for you father . vada why ? phil after you mother die , he be sad all the time , but before that , he be pretty funny . vada really ? phil now when I see he with shelly , sometimes he seem like the old Harry . vada my dad be funny ? phil well he be not one of the marx brother , but he make I laugh . vada' thought my uncle fight in the Korean war , he have a steel plate put in he head , daddy say he do not come back the same , one night , he pick up a radio station from Oklahoma in he tooth , it be really neat . dr welty' surgery , looking at vada who have her mouth OPEN with a tongue holding stick down her throat vada aaaaaaaaaahhhhh . vada ( with stick in mouth ) carnnk yu sheeee ik ?? Dr. welty remove stick from vada 's mouth vada can not you see it ? dr welty no . vada it 's there . dr welty vada there be no chicken bone stick in you throat . vada look at the Dr. 's certificate up on the wall vada Dr. welty , be you sure that be yours ? waiting room , nurse randall be demonstrate a syringe to thomas J , how to use it as a water gun nurse randall so you fill it with water like this , and what have you get ? a water gun . thomas J cool , can I get one for vada ? nurse randall oh yes , yes . she get another one out of she drawer Thomas , let I ask you a question . do vada ever tell you why she come down here so much ? thomas J Cause she 's die . nurse randall do you think she be ? thomas J no . nurse randall why do you think she say that ? thomas J Cause she get scared of all that dead people in she house , and you know that say , if you can not beat them , join them , well if she 's one of they , she will not be as scared . nurse randall you know what I think ? I think vada 's very lucky to have a friend like you . nurse randall hand Thomas J another syringe thomas J she 's my best friend . the door to the doctor 's surgery open and vada exit nurse randall miss vada , how be you feel ? vada as good as can be expect . corridor outside doctor waiting room thomas J hey vada , guess what we get ? vada what ? Thomas J begin to run , and as he pass vada he squirt he syringe at vada thomas J this !! ( squirt ) vada hey you !!!! ( squirt ) I be gonna get you !!! ( squirt ) I will get you !!!! vada at this point be unarm , and she chase Thomas J down the stair forest day , vada and thomas J be running through it firing there water gun at each other and yelling at each other , having fun suddenly Thomas J stop in he track thomas J woah !! vada what ? thomas J point there 's a beehive right there ! vada so ? thomas J stand back . Thomas J stand a pace back behind a branch on the tree and begin to squirt the beehive vada be you crazy , you will get stung !! thomas J you be right , let 's knock it down . vada what do you want it for anyway ? thomas J for they meat . the two start throw rock at the hive , which get damage and eventually fall to the ground thomas J get it ! vada my mood ring ! it fall off ! I gotta find it ! they begin to search for vada 's mood ring suddenly bee begin to swarm , luckily Thomas J notice in time thomas J they be alive !! run for you life !!! vada just stand there look , Thomas J come back and grab she arm , this wake she up and they begin to run thomas J run faster they be after we !! vada I be run faster !! thomas J hurry !!! they have run to the spot with the weep willow and the pier , they run out on to the pier vada jump in the water !! thomas J but I have my clothes on ! vada do it ! under water view of they both , holding there breath inside view of front door to sultenfuss ' house , vada enter drenched harry ( in the distance , from upstairs ) vada be that you ? vada yes .. harry hey guess what ? we be go to the carnival tonight , be ready to go in 10 minute . vada like this news , she hurry up the stair harry shelly 's come with we . vada be now not so happy carnival night , ferris wheel be spinning , many people be scream in a typical carnival manner , slow zoom on harry , shelly and vada shelly so vada , what 's you favorite ride ? vada I like the freak show . harry I know , I know , let 's go on the " sit on the bench and rest " ride . shelly I do not think that that roller coaster agree with you bad stomach . you know vada you have to watch what you eat here , I remember one time I go to a carnival with my cousin David and Frank , and they both eat hot dog , and the next day they come down with nephritis . vada nephritis ? it 's a kidney disease , you do not get it from hot dog . shelly well , I be no doctor . all I know be , the next day they have really high fever , and they face get very fat . they baffle medical science , they be in a magazine . vada and Harry give shelly a " yeah right " look shelly they be !! " popular mechanic " , no " popular Science " . I do not know , popular . harry , shelly and vada be stand at a stall where object be to get a ball in fish BOWL shelly oh look they be try to hit that poor thing . harry watch you do not knock out a fish . shelly perfect . harry I do not know which ball 's mine . vada get a ball in a bowl vada I win , I win !!! shelly oh great !! attendant hooray , we have a winner , ( pick up fish in plastic bag ) there you go little girl . ( give fish to vada ) see how easy it be folk ! shelly inspect fish , hold it along with vada shelly oh vada , that 's a gorgeous goldfish . vada notice something on shelly 's hand vada where would you get that ring ? all of a sudden shelly look up with a guilty look vada ( extremely hopeful ) do you win it ? Harry and shelly exchange look , Harry smile , follow by shelly shelly vada we have something to tell you . Harry ? Harry sit down on table and look at vada in a matter - of - fact way harry vada we have some good news , shelly and I be get marry . vada 's expression begin to change from hopeful , to horror , but then she drop she fish vada oh my fish !!! vada quickly bend over to pick up the fish harry we be have the wedding sometime near the end of the summer . vada not acknowledge Harry 's comment you will be okay little fish . shelly vada ? would you like we to get you another goldfish ? vada ( angry ) no ! , he 's fine . ( less angry , talk to fish ) Fish be very resilient animal you know . do not worry , I will not get another fish . shelly and Harry exchange worried look , vada do not seem to have understand announcer the bumper car !! the bumper car !! for just 50 cent a half dollar , five dime , 10 nickel , we have a ride that's guaranteed to rearrange all of you internal organ . shelly oh bumper car , oh you can not go to a carnival and not ride the bumper car . harry I fall asleep at the wheel . vada ( malicious grin ) I will ride on the bumper car with you ! shelly oh great vada , come on ... they run off leave Harry to carry the teddy bear and the fish shelly ( to the attendant ) uhh , two. ( to vada ) I get the blue one !! vada run in past shelly and seat herself in a car vada no ! shelly yes !! shelly get in the blue one shelly ( point at vada ) I be gonna get you . vada strap herself in , shelly turn around and give vada the thumb up , vada look very intent on brutally murdering something now , and she return the thumb up , as she do so , music begin to play and the power be turn on , the song be " bad Moon rising " harry vada , keep you hand on the wheel !! vada rush straight at shelly and ram into she at top speed , so that shelly 's car be spun around a little , shelly scream , this be all in good fun , at the moment . then vada ram she again , and again , and again , and again , and eventually , shelly do not look too pleased , she can not escape vada harry careful vada , careful . harry shelly look out ! wwhhaammm shelly and vada pull up along side each other , vada give shelly a satisfied but still spiteful grin vada be riding her bike along her STREET toward the camera , she stop and dismount outside thomas j's house vada ring the sennett 's doorbell , and Mrs sennett answer mrs . sennett hi vada . vada hi , can Thomas J come out ? mrs . sennett sure , come in . Thomas J be come down the stair thomas J hi vada . vada hi , wanna ride bike ? thomas J sure . mrs . sennett ohh , do you make you bed ? thomas J yes . mrs . sennett you be sure ? thomas J it 's make . mrs . sennett come here , you have get a milk mustache . Mrs. sennett wipe Thomas J 's lip thomas J come on , let 's go . vada bye Mrs. sennett . thomas J bye ma. mrs . sennett have fun kid . the two exit the house outside front of sennett' house , vada and thomas J be walking down the stair vada I be run away . thomas J where you run to ? they get on they bike and begin to ride off vada California , I be go to Hollywood to live with the brady bunch . thomas J I wanna live with they too . vada no , you can not , they have enough kid , you will have to live with the partridge family . thomas J really ? somewhere on a pathway in a light forest , vada and thomas J be riding there bike Thomas J stop and then do vada thomas J that 's it . Thomas J go and sit down on the river bank , vada follow with a annoyed look vada get up !? thomas J I be tired of run away . besides , we past this place two time already . we be not get nowhere . vada sit down next to Thomas J thomas J why be you run away ? vada my dad give shelly a ring . thomas J wow , be it a decoder ring ? vada you be such a retard , it be a engagement ring . thomas J they be get marry ? vada nod she head thomas J so now you will have a mother . vada I do not like she . thomas J I do , she 's real funny . vada he like she better than I . a tree dusk , thomas J and vada be up the top of it thomas J I be hungry , I can not last any longer . vada then go home , baby . thomas J I have to anyway , my mom will be worried . vada leave then , some friend you be . thomas J you can come to my house for dinner ? vada no , I be hide out . thomas J okay , seeya . Thomas J climb down from tree , and leave dissolve into next scene vada still in tree night , she look around and then decide to get down vada jump down , and we can now see that the tree be on the sultenfuss ' front lawn inside view of front door , vada enter and close it as soon as vada have enter , she wait for someone to come run and ask she if she 's all right , where she 's be , they be so worried etc. , nothing happen , all she can hear be the noise that the tv be make . so she open the door again and slam it . still nothing . she decide to give up , and go find Harry , she walk to the live room where the tv be on , Harry and grammoo be asleep in they chair vada begin to ascend the stair , depressed vada' thought in social study we learn some people steal the limburg baby right out of he house , I think i'll sleep with my window OPEN tonight . outside sultenfuss ' house , a loud high pitched scream be heard view of corridor leading to bathroom vada oh my GOD !!! vada burst out of the bathroom and scream down the stair vada daddy !! daddy daddy !!!! daddy !!??!?! vada run into a room where shelly be vada daddy ??!?!?! shelly vada , vada , what 's the matter ? vada where 's daddy ? shelly well he just leave , what 's wrong ? vada I be hemorrhage . shelly what do you mean you be hemorrhage ? vada ( very weak , scared voice ) I do not want , I do not need you help .... vada try to run away , but shelly stop she shelly vada , do this happen in the bathroom ? vada nod she head shelly how old be you ? vada I be eleven and a half . shelly it 's okay , come on upstairs , we have to have a little talk . they exit vada' bedroom , vada and shelly sitting on bed vada my mommy and daddy do that ? shelly it 's actually a very beautiful thing , and look there would not have be a vada . vada I think it should be outlaw . shelly believe I , some day , you will feel differently . door bell be hear ringing vada oh , that 's probably Thomas J , I do not wanna see he . it 's not fair . nothing happen to boy . outside front door of sultenfuss ' house , vada open door thomas J hi vada , can you come out ? vada I dunno .. thomas J please , it 's real hot , maybe we can go swim ? vada be angere by this , she come storming out vada no ! vada push Thomas J hard enough to make he fall over , she be angry get outta here !! and do not come back for five to seven day !!! vada run inside and slam the door , leave poor Thomas J sit on the porch look startle funeral room of sultenfuss ' house , pipe organ be be played , many people be seated and there be a OPEN coffin up the front live room , vada be reading a book , and watching grammoo to be sure that she doesn't wander off , vada put the book down vada grammoo , I be go to the bathroom , i'll be right back . she then give grammoo a little kiss , and make she way out of the live room to the bathroom , close the door behind she , as she go to enter the bathroom she hear giggle come from the next room , so she go to investigate . Harry and shelly be kissing and giggle . as she be watch this , grammoo get up , enter the funeral room and make she way to the front , when she get there , she pick up a rise , take a look at the dead man , and begin to sing into the rise as if it be a microphone grammoo it 's quarter to three , there 's no - one in the place , just you and I . as this be be sung , vada hear and turn around with a oh shit look on she face , Harry and shelly also hear it and make off for the funeral room , vada quickly retreat into the room where Harry and shelly be , close the door behind she so santa-macho , I get a little story you oughtta know , we be comin ' my friend , to the end of a brief episode , so make it one for my baby and one more for the road . harry I be so sorry , it 's all right mar , I be very very sorry . room in sultenfuss ' house , harry burst in , clearly he be very angry harry grab vada by the shoulder now what be you think , huh ? huh ???? it 's you responsibility to watch she !! do you have any idea how upset that people be in there ???! vada break free from Harry 's grip , and walk briskly out of the room . shelly look back at Harry expectantly weeping willow tree down at the lake edge , vada and thomas J be sitting under it resting quietly vada why do you think people want to get marry ? thomas J well when you get older , you just have to . vada I be gonna marry Mr. bixler . thomas J you can not marry a teacher , it 's against the law . vada it be not . thomas J yes it be , cause then he will give you all a 's and it will not be fair . vada not true . vada ( nervously , uncertain ) have you ever kiss anyone ? thomas J like they do on tv ? vada uh huh . thomas J no . vada maybe we should , just to see what 's the big deal . thomas J but , I do not know how . vada here , practice on you arm like this . vada bring she forearm up to she mouth and start to kiss it , Thomas J follow thomas J like this ? vada uh huh . ( they kiss they arm for a while ) okay , enough practice . vada Close you eye . thomas J but then I will not be able to see anything . vada raise she fist vada just do it . thomas J okay , okay . vada okay on the count of three . camera switch angle to give a clear side on of thomas J vada one . vada two . vada two and a half . vada Three . vada lean forward and kiss Thomas J on the lip , they both look surprised , vada then sit back against the tree , long pause vada say something it 's too quiet . thomas J umm , ummmmm vada ( agitate ) just , hurry . Thomas J stand up and begin to say something along the line of ... thomas J on political agent to the flag of the United States of America , vada stand up and join in thomas J &amp ; vada and to the republic for which it stand , one nation , under God , individual , with liberty and justice for all . when they finish , they both still look a little uncomfortable road day , vada and thomas J be wheeling there bike back down it vada you better not tell anyone . thomas J you better not either . vada well , let 's spit on it . thomas J okay . both of they raise they hand to they mouth and spit on they , they then shake hand and when finish wipe they off on they trousers vada seeya tomorrow . thomas J okay , seeya . ( vada start off down the road ) vada ? vada what ? thomas J would you think of I ? vada for what ? thomas J well if you do not get to marry Mr. bixler . vada smile , and get on she bike vada I guess . as vada ride off , Thomas J smile back in the wood where vada and thomas J have found the beehive Thomas J come across the beehive , inspect it and then kick it , he wait and then once he be adamant that there be no danger , he begin to search for vada 's mood ring , he search , and as he do so , bee begin to swarm , he find the mood ring , and by the time he notice that there be bee everywhere , it be too late .. thomas J ( as he find the mood ring ) yes ! thomas J ( reacting to the bee ) ow , ahh , no ! , get away !!! we see Thomas J 's glass fall off onto the ground outside front door , sultenfuss ' house , policeman presses doorbell , harry answer a policeman enter , take he hat off and explain what have happen to Thomas J to Harry , who become clearly very distress vada' room , vada be feeding fish , harry enter harry hi vada . vada hi. harry what be you do . vada feed my fish . harry be that the fish you win at the carnival ? vada yes . harry he 's get big . ( sad pause ) vada , come here and sit down for a minute . vada sit down next to she dad harry vada , something happen to Thomas J last night , he step on a beehive . vada ( beginning to look worried ) I tell he not to tease that bee . do he get stung ? Harry nod vada maybe I should go over and yell at he . harry no sweetheart , you can not . vada ( look very worried ) why not ? harry he be allergic to bee . vada ( extremely worried ) he 's okay be not he ? harry ( shake head , near tear ) there be just too many of them . when vada hear this , she eye begin to flood with tear and the expression on she face change movingly , it look as though she just lose the most special and important part of she life . and she have vada running up stair into doctor office vada Dr. welty !!!? Dr. welty ?? dr welty vada , what 's wrong sweetheart ? vada I can not breathe , I be suffocating . dr welty oh , wait relax now , let I look , let I look , come up here and we will have a look . Dr. welty lift vada up onto bed vada it hurt , it hurt so bad , make it stop . dr welty what hurt vada ? vada the bee sting ! I can not breathe ! outside sultenfuss ' house , harry and arthur be bring thomas J in on a stretcher inside , corridor outside vada' room , shelly be climbing stair carrying a tray of food , she stop outside vada' room shelly knock vada ? View shift to inside vada 's bedroom , where she be curl up in a little ball on she bed I be leave some food for you by the door , in case you get hungry . vada remain where she be , the doorbell ring downstair , shelly open door to reveal judy shelly hi. judy hi , be vada home ? shelly yes she be , but she 's very upset , so she 's not see anyone . judy oh , I be Judy , I go to school with she , I want to tell she I be sorry about Thomas J. shelly well maybe she will feel better in a couple of day . judy will you tell she I come by ? shelly sure . judy thank you . bye . shelly bye . shelly close the door people be entering the funeral room rev hi Harry . harry ahh , reverand mile . rev the sennett want to thank you for take care of thing so quickly . the funeral room be filling up , with thomas J at the front in a coffin corridor outside vada' room , shelly stop outside it shelly ( knock ) vada ? I see you take you tray in , vada be look out she blind at all the black car and people dress in black enter she house maybe you should come down for the funeral , sometimes it help . vada ? harry study , harry be looking at a piece of paper , shelly enter shelly she will not come out . it 's be a whole day . you have to do something Harry . harry the funeral 's start . shelly be now very emotional shelly open you eye , she 's eleven year old ! her only friend in the world be dead . harry I know that , but what do you want from I ? shelly stop hide Harry , you run Harry . when I first come here , the idea of work with dead people , do not exactly thrill I , but when I see a family live here , I think , " if I be live without a family , at least I can work with one , and maybe once in a while i'll be invite in for supper . " harry yeah , and when that supper be disrupt because there 's a car crash , or there 's a fire , or a little boy step on a beehive . shelly I be not ask you to stop feel for that people . but life be not just death Harry , do not ignore the live , especially you daughter . Arthur enter arthur Excuse I Harry , shelly , the minister 's about to begin . harry thank you Arthur . shelly exit funeral room , minister be walking up the front minister we be here to honor Thomas James sennett . he be bear , May 7 1961 , in madison , Pennsylvania , and he be survive by he loving parent , Charles and Susan sennett ...... ( fade as camera change ) camera be on vada , who be slowly making her way out of her room the minister be hear to say this in the background minister the family have ask I to say a few word before we proceed . no word that I could say , would begin to describe the loss and grieve , one word that keep ringing in my ear be why ?. why would God choose to take this little boy from we ? I can not give you a answer to that question , but I can tell you that God have choose Thomas J for some very special reason , we must find solace in know that Thomas J be now in god care . in that face , there be no sorrow such as .... the minister word fade into the very move music camera be on vada slowly descending the stair and looking into the funeral room , the music , scene and action of character be getting to the point of making the viewer cry vada stop and sit on a step where she can look through and see Thomas J lie in he coffin , she begin to cry back in funeral room , vada enter at the back and begins to slowly make her way up to the front minister .... disciple begin to chastise they , and Jesus say " let the child come to I , do not hinder they , for the Kingdom of God belong to such as this . ( the minister notice vada come around the front of the room ) he laid he hand on they head before he leave that place , let we pray in silence . vada have make it right up to the coffin , which she lean over and cry , say the follow vada wanna go tree climb Thomas j? camera doe a close up of thomas j's bee sting cover face camera goe back to previous shot incorporating vada as well vada his face hurt , and where be he glass ? he can not see without he glass ! put he glass on ! ( Harry and shelly be rapidly approach vada , shelly take hold of she and try to pull she away ) put on he glass ! he be gonna be a acrobat . harry he 's go sweetheart . he 's go ! vada get away , get away !! vada break away from Harry 's grip and run out of the room , follow closely by Harry and shelly outside the house , vada be running down the step , followed closely by harry harry vada wait ! vada ! vada !! Harry stop run after vada as she sprint off down the road vada arrive at Mr. bixler 's house mr. bixler vada ! I be just on my way to you house . be you all right ? I be so sorry about Thomas J. vada cover she ear and begin to sing " doo - wah - diddy - diddy " mr. bixler okay , okay we do not have to talk about he , vada , vada we do not have to talk about he , it 's okay . we will not talk about he all right ? vada ( cry ) Justin and ronda say that I should tell people what I feel . mr. bixler ( nod ) come here , sit down over here . the two of they sit down on Mr. bixler 's porch vada be clearly in a lot of pain and she want it to stop vada Mr. bixler , ( emotional pause ) I love you . mr. bixler oh , vada ... vada I love you like my dad love shelly . I wanna live here . mr. bixler pause as he take all this in I think you dad would miss you . vada no he would not , I can not go home . a woman appear at Mr. bixler 's front door suzanne I will be ready in a second , I just can not seem to find my other earring .... mr. bixler Suzanne , this be vada . suzanne ( come over to vada and crouch ) vada , hi , I be really sorry . mr. bixler could you just give we a minute ? suzanne yeah . Suzanne go back inside vada who 's that ? mr. bixler that 's Suzanne . ( pause ) she and I be gonna be marry this fall . as soon as vada hear this , she react , shaking she head and back off vada no .... mr. bixler I ... I be gonna bring she to class next week . I want to hear you poem . oh vada , please honey I care for he too , vada please ! vada , vada sweetheart do not ..... vada get away from I ! vada run off down the road weeping willow , vada and thomas j's favorite spot , vada be up high in the tree vada be climb around in the tree , clearly try to get somewhere of significance vada' thought why do you think people wanna get marry ? thomas j's voice when you get old , you just have to . vada pull out she photo of she mother thomas j's voice who 's that with you dad ? vada' thought it 's my mother . thomas j's voice I be gonna be a acrobat when I grow up . ( pause ) vada , would you think of I ? well if you do not get to marry Mr. bixler . vada' thought now we be blood brother for life . vada get out to the end of a branch , and make a dare jump to another , have she fall she would be dead outside sultenfuss ' house , policeman climb step and ring doorbell , shelly answer policeman shelly I be sorry but we have not find she yet . shelly it 's dark , she can not be alone in the dark . policeman we will keep look . shelly we , no , we have be look since this morning , she teacher call , and he say that she go there first ..... policeman I know , I know you tell we . shelly but I .... shelly be cut off as the door open and in walk a very shake vada shelly vada . be you okay ? ( vada nod ) oh God . shelly embrace vada vada' room , shelly and vada be sitting on vada' bed , shelly be brush vada' hair vada I should have tell Thomas J that he be my best friend . shelly I be sure he know . shelly put a nightie on vada vada shelly , I steal some money from you cookie jar , to pay for the write class . shelly ponder this for a moment shelly it 's okay sweetheart . vada I will pay it back , besides , I do not think i'll ever go to class again . shelly I will tell you what , you dedicate you first book to I , and we will forget about the whole thing . vada I will I promise . shelly okay , get in to bed . vada get into bed and extend she arm to shelly , they hug each other , vada have finally accept shelly shelly goodnight . vada goodnight . shelly exit and turn off the light downstair , harry enter shelly ( sit on stair ) she 's in . back in vada' room Harry enter , walk over and kiss vada , then turn around and begin to exit vada do I kill my mother ? harry what ?? vada the bee kill Thomas J , and I kill my mother . harry no , no . Harry pull up a chair and sit down next to vada harry no sweetie that be not you fault , thing like that be not anybody 's fault , it just happen . vada pull out the photo of Harry and vada 's Mom from under she pillow vada I find this . harry I forget about that picture , where do you find it ? vada in the garage . harry ahh , that little chevy be you mother favorite car . vada what be my mama like ? harry she be pretty , and kind , she have you eye . oh boy do she love to laugh . sometimes when you laugh , you sound just like she . vada really ? harry uh huh . you know what you mother do when she find out she be gonna have you ? she come home and paint this whole room pink . she be so sure she be gonna have a little girl . vada do you miss she ? harry yes , I do , very much for a long time , and even now , I get a little sad when I think of a pretty flower or a sunset that you mother would have like . vada I think every time I see a climb tree i'll think of Thomas J. harry that 's good , memory be good sweetheart . vada , I be sorry ; I be try to keep it from you , I just could not . you be a good girl , and I want you to be happy ; do not be a old grump like I . ( vada put the photo back under she pillow , Harry get up and kiss she ) seeya in the morning . Harry begin to leave room vada daddy , it 's not so bad to be like you . a cafe in town , harry be eating , mrs . sennett come and knock on the window Harry make he way out of the cafe to talk to Mrs. sennett harry Mrs. sennett , how be you do ? mrs . sennett some day I think i'll be okay , other , well I have to force myself even to get out of bed , I know it 's crazy , but sometimes I think he 's just away at summer camp . how 's vada ? harry oh she 's do much better . ahh she 's just inside . ( walk over to entrance ) vada ! vada , who be inside talk to someone , hear and come outside vada Mrs. sennett . ( she run and give she a hug ) mrs . sennett vada . I have be want to come over to see you , ( she reach inside she purse and get out something , it be vada 's mood ring ) Thomas J have this on he , I think you might like to have it . vada slide the ring onto she finger , the ring be blue you be such a good friend to he , I hope you will still come by and visit I . vada I will , I promise . Mrs. sennett look at Harry as if to say good - bye , and then walk off slowly vada Mrs. sennett . ( she stop and turn around to look at vada ) Thomas J will be all right , my mother will take care of he . mrs . sennett thank you vada . she then turn and walk off summer writing CLASS , focus on mr . bixler mr. bixler ( read from book ) encase in talent , like a uniform , the rank of every poet , be well know . they can amaze we like a thunderstorm , or die so young , or live for year alone . my advice to you on we last class , be a thunderstorm . justin what exactly do you mean by that ? mr. bixler I mean , be dangerous ( vada enter the back of the room ) and unpredictable . and make a lot of noise . Mr. bixler see vada mr. bixler vada . as vada be notice , she go around get hugge by everyone justin hey , we miss you man ! gimme a hug ! vada give Justin a hug , she then proceed towards Mr. bixler mr. bixler I be hope you would stop by today . vada and Mr. bixler hug each other vada I can not stay , I just come to read my poem . mr. bixler we would love to hear it . vada weeping willow with you tear run down , why do you always weep and frown , be it because he leave you one day , be it because he could not stay , on you branch he would swing , do you long for the happiness that they would bring , he find shelter in you shade , he think he laughter would never fade , weeping willow stop you tear , there be something to calm you fear , you think death as if you forever part , but I know he will always be in you heart . there be a long pause as it sink in , everybody remain silent , then just before the scene change , the temptation song " my girl " begin to play outside the school , vada come out the door and down the step where judy await her vada hi Judy . judy hi vada . vada' thought thing be a little better this day ; I finally swallow that chicken bone , Judy and I be gonna be in the same home room and the republican party just re-nominate Mr. Nixon . vada and Judy ride off down the road on they bike , the camera angle rise and the credit begin to roll as the song my girl play the end