my girl my girl 2 by Janet kovalcik setting : madison , pennysylvania 1974 close - up of vada sultenfuss ' face vada I remember before I be bear , wounded up like a fur ball in the highly overrate fetal position , luckily I be not claustrophobic , but on rainy day I still feel a tightness in my leave shoulder . so now that my stepmother 's pregnant , I understand what the baby 's go through , and I be not jealous at all , really , not at all . view of the sultenfuss ' dine room table . vada , harry and shelly be seated . shelly be very pregnant harry hey you be not eat you meatloaf . shelly if I eat it I will throw up . harry well you should at least try a little bit . shelly then I will throw up a little bit . vada ( to shelly 's stomach ) be you sure you wanna get involved in this ? outside sultenfuss ' house , music be playing our house , inside harry be singing harry ... window be illuminate by the evening sunshine through they firey gem for you , only for you , we house , be a very , very , very fine house , with two cat in the yard , life use to be so hard , now everything be easy ' cause of you ... Harry walk to vada who be place chair in row in the funeral room harry vada , try to scrunch this chair together a little more . vada dad , I be try . the chair , they will not scrunch . doorbell ring arthur I will get it . harry well I guess we will just set up more chair in the library and pipe the sermon in like we do with Old man hasselmeyer . vada better fix that speaker , it make the minister sound like a astronaut . Arthur open the front door to reveal Judy arthur oh , hello Judy . judy hi Arthur . Harry walk past harry hi Judy , come on in . judy hi Mr. sultenfuss . arthur ( to vada ) look who I find . vada hi Judy ! Judy do not enter the funeral room . she do not like the idea of be anywhere near a corpse judy ( nervous ) hi. vada come on in ! judy that 's okay . vada it 's just a corpse . judy I know that . vada you should be here when they bring in a body that 's be dead for a couple of day , and they have not find it yet , ' cause it be in a apartment , and no- one come to visit , or float in a river , and then the body start turn this weird shade of green , you know , like watery pea soup ? the arm and leg deteriorate first , the body look like a raisin with four fat leg . anyway , this be why I be seriously consider cremation . Judy ?? front door close Judy ??? arthur I think you lose on the raisin with the four fat leg honey . live room , harry and shelly be sitting watching tv , vada get a drink and join they Harry and shelly be laugh harry I get a card from you uncle phil in Los Angeles today , say he go body surfing . vada I do not know if I can picture uncle phil body surfing . shelly I do not know if I want to . harry vada I wanna ask you a favor , remember you can absolutely say no if you want to . shelly give Harry a look I be just bring it up for discussion . shelly but Harry , I think we decide we be not gonna do this . vada look confuse vada do what ? harry well the thing be you room be right next door to ours , and so we think , well , I think , if you be willing we might move you to grammoo 's room , and use you old room for the nursery . see we be gonna be up half the night with a newborn and there will be a lot of noise .... vada you want I to move ? harry well not far , just down the hall . plus grammoo 's room 's a lot bigger , and you get a view of the whole neighborhood . vada look a little put out vada okay , no problem . harry okay thanks , atta girl . outside , on the deck , harry be playing he tuba , shelly come out shelly ( at the door ) Harry ? ( closer , a little louder ) harry ?? ( in Harry 's ear ) * harry *!!!! Harry get a fright and blow a foul note I be sorry to interrupt honey but vada 's upset . harry oh , she 's fine , she will love she new room . shelly look we react to every kick this baby give , maybe vada 's try to tell we something too . bowling alley , vada and harry be bowling , close up of harry holding up he ball harry the thing to remember be you must visualize a spare . the parabola of the arcing ball must intersect with the pyramid of the pin at precisely this angle of attack . Harry bowl he ball , which go straight into the side ditch shit . Harry walk back to vada vada visualize a spare ? harry well you know what I mean . vada so , what 's on you mind ? harry I ? what make you think there 's something on my mind ? vada you be pass up archie bunker to go bowl , you have gotta have a angle . harry no , I just think it would be nice if the two of we have a evening out so we could ... talk . vada stand up and pick up a ball vada shelly 's already tell I all about sex . harry she tell I too , I mean , she tell I she tell you about sex , I personally new about sex long before I meet shelly . vada I figure you do . vada bowl she ball and get a perfect strike vada yes ! vada return and sit down harry ahh , strike , not , not bad at all . no , this talk be not about sex , it 's , well there have be a lot of change , and I know you be upset about lose you room , but the baby 's gotta go somewhere . vada no it 's okay , I understand , really . harry honey that 's very mature , I be proud of you vada . Harry then get up to bowl again vada maybe I should just move to China . one kid per family , that way you do not lose you room . harry hey , why do not you just keep you room and we will put the baby in the back yard . vada do not do that , you have get the whole garage . harry oh yeah , right - between the power mower and the weed killer . vada dad I be kid , you can have the room . harry seriously ? vada seriously . harry great . Harry stand poise to bowl ... vada I be thirteen , maybe it 's about time I get my own apartment . thud , Harry drop he ball and turn around look staggered , then see that vada be definitely kid vada and judy be in a shop smelling perfume judy my mother can not have any more kid . vada neither can mine . she 's dead . it 's shelly who 's pregnant . judy ( raise wrist to vada 's nose ) what do you think ? vada smell Judy 's wrist vada I think I be lean towards passionflower , it combine the traditional floral scent with the musty aroma of samba wood . a group of teenage guy enter the shop vada what be you stare at ? judy it 's Kevin , I do not want he to see I . vada see you ? he can smell you from there . judy oh God , he 's come over here , act natural , totally natural . vada and Judy stand close to a rack of sunglass , Kevin and he two friend approach judy ( look at Kevin with a large smile , and slowly take she sunglass off ) hi Kevin . kevin hi. vada turn around wear sunglass with enormous lense kevin ( to vada ) Real cool sultenfuss , you look like a grasshopper . his group of friend laugh and move off vada what 's the matter ? judy he like you . vada like I ? he say I look like a grasshopper . judy boy always pretend they hate you when they really like you . vada that 's ridiculous , so , if you really can not stand someone , then you pretend that you be really crazy about they ? judy I do not know . and I do not care , Kevin 's a jerk and I do not like he anymore . he 's all yours ! vada' thought if grasshopper be a term of endearment , I have get a lot to learn . bedroom in sultenfuss ' house , arthur , shelly , harry and vada be moving around do various thing arthur so have you guy think of any new name for the baby ? vada look annoyed and drop with a thud the load of book she be carry shelly umm , yeah , if it 's a girl I be kinda lean toward esme . arthur esme ? harry yeah , you know that kinda sound like a noise you nose make , ( nasalise ) es-meh . I mean it 's ... arthur and what if it 's a boy ? harry oh Harry junior of course . vada dad , when a boy like you , do he pretend that he do not like you ? and if he pretend that he do not like you how can you tell that he like you ? harry what boy like you ? vada it 's just a question , it 's not about anybody . arthur uh oh , here come puberty . shelly vada , I think what you be talk about be the fear of rejection . you see man will do anything to avoid look foolish . harry oh , Shell , that 's ridiculous , where be my needle nose plier ? shelly listen , if a boy want to do homework with you , it really mean he do not have nerve to ask you out on a date , so you will get you homework together and pretend to be study , and the next thing you know you be order pizza and talk about you favorite movie star . vada so you be say ... what be you say ?? harry honey , ahh , guy do not wanna appear over anxious , so if you think there 's a boy that might like you , let he know that you like he , so he will not feel he 's take such a risk when he 's think of ask you out . okay ? outside , vada be riding her bike down the pavement and arrive at judy' house vada press the doorbell , Judy open the door judy hi. vada hi , wanna help I pick out wallpaper for my new room tomorrow ? judy ehh ... I do not know I mean .... Kevin appear from inside the house hold a carton of juice kevin be it okay if I drink this ? vada it 's okay with I , hi Kevin . kevin well if it be not vada , the grasshopper girl . judy stop it Kevin . kevin I be kid , it 's a joke okay . judy we be just do we homework and study for the test . vada and the next thing you know you be gonna be order pizza and talk about you favorite movie star . see ya . vada get on she bike and ride off vada' thought in the future I think I will stick to ask dad for advice on embalm . vada be climbing the stair coming toward the camera , she hear shelly singing " baby love " and harry playing the tuba in a bedroom and enter shelly baby , baby , baby love , my baby love , I need you oh how I need you , why do you do I like you do , have not I be good to you , so deep in love with you , baby , baby . I read a article that say if you sing to the baby it 's a calming influence . vada assume the baby 's a " supreme " fan . shelly I bet you mom sing to you . harry well if there be a article about it I be sure she do . she be always read . shelly yes I know , it run in the family . ( to vada ) New book ? vada the collect Works of Alfred biedermeyer harry her favorite poet . shelly ( shaking head ) never hear of he . ( burp} Excuse I . harry how about a nice glass of milk ? shelly and some taco chip so I can dunk . Harry leave , and shelly lean forward to talk to vada shelly you know vada , be a older sister , you be gonna be very important in this baby 's life . vada 's glance shift onto shelly 's enlarge breast , she smile , a little embarrassed , shelly look down at they and laugh shelly they be enormous , I know . vada be there milk in they already ? shelly no , the milk come when the baby come . vada when do you umm , I mean umm ... shelly oh , I be a very late developer , they use to call I " shelly two back " . all my friend have real bra 's , not like the training one I have . vada why do they call they training bra' ? it 's not like learn to ride a bike . shelly I know , I guess it 's just sort of prepare you for the rest of you life . it 's not easy be a woman . vada you be tell I . vada' room , box everywhere , vada be lying on her bed thinking to herself vada' thought all the great writer ponder the meaning of life and death . I have be think a lot about my mother recently , even though I do not have any memory of she . I wish I could see she just once , even if it be only in a dream . I know she would help I figure thing out . vada' english CLASS at school mr. owett bless I now with you fierce tear I pray , do not go gentle into that good night , rage , rage against the die of the light . what do you think Dylan Thomas be say here ? " rage against the die of the light . " kevin he 's mad ' cause they shut - off he electricity . class laugh mr. owett I think he be refer to life energy Mr. Phillips , which in you case would not cause much of a power shortage , now would it ? class go " oooohh " , vada then raise she hand mr. owett vada ? vada the poem be really about attitude . it 's about not give up and ... it 's easy to be overwhelm sometimes but ... that 's when we should ... force ourselves to push on . Alfred biedermeyer say , " to heed the urgent inner voice , embrace destiny , not choice " . mr. owett that 's very good vada . all right , move on , I want to give you guy a chance to write . class do a " awe man " hey , hey , hey , listen up , I want you to write about someone very special , someone interesting , someone you admire , someone who have achieve something worth write about , but it 's gotta be a stranger , someone you have never meet , I want you to investigate the personal side , play perry mason , see what you can come up with . all right ? any idea ? remember two thing : someone who have achieve something and someone you have never meet . Kevin raise he hand Kevin ? kevin elvis , the king . mr. owett elvis , the king . another guy raise he hand Devon ? devon farrah fawcet , I love to watch that girl run . mr. owett why be that Mr. reid ? Devon ... never mind . class laugh mr. owett vada what about you , who have you come up with ? vada my mother . mr. owett you mother ? vada I never meet my mother . vada , harry and shelly be walking down town talking vada I know my mom 's favorite color be pink , and she eat peanut butter and banana sandwich for breakfast , but that 's not what I would call hard hammer fact . harry I tell you about the pumpkin do not I ? shelly no . harry ah , well , I buy she this huge pumpkin for Halloween , but she could not bear to carve it so she save it for week , and it end up under the Christmas tree . vada then grammoo say on Christmas Eve , there be this sicken smell permeate the entire house . shelly oh no . harry yeah when I pick it up it sort of explode and liquefy at the same time . shelly laugh it be not funny , it soak clear through grammoo 's oriental . vada there 's still a big spot on the floor . inside a general store , vada , shelly and harry enter harry okay , we need wallpaper paste . ( to shop owner ) hey cece ! vada oh , be there anything else you remember , how do you propose ? be it romantic ? harry well , I kinda just blurt it out over a root beer float . shelly mmmmmm . root beer float that sound good . vada do she mention any contest that she win ? I mean she must have have some award , she be so talented and all . harry she be talented , but honey I wish I could help you a little more , it 's just that you mother and I have kind of a whirlwind courtship , she come to town with this travel theater group , I propose on we second date , two week later we be marry and almost nine month later you be here and she be go . vada be it a nice funeral ? harry oh yes , lovely funeral , gernaldi brother do a beautiful job , lot of pink rose ... I use the white hearse . hey , how about this flower wallpaper for you room ? vada pull out a roll of pitch black wallpaper and show it to Harry vada how about this ? at school , vada be walking down crowded stair behind mr . owett vada hi Mr. owett . mr. owett hey vada . how 's you report come ? vada great , I have so much to say , I hardly know where to start . mr. owett you know I have be re-read Virginia woolf , I think she would be a natural for you , she lead a fascinating life . vada thanks , but I think I be gonna stick to my mom , she lead a fascinating life too . mr. owett I be sure she do . ( to Judy and Kevin , who be stand near vada ) hey guy . kevin vada , he be give you a easy out so you would not have to write about you mother . vada but I wanna write about she . kevin you be crazy , what be she big achievement ? do she invent gravity ? vada no - one invent gravity , it just exist . judy then what do she do ? vada well ... I be not suppose to talk about it , but since I be gonna write about it I might as well tell you . she be a spy against the Russians . kevin oh please , who do you think you be kid ? and where do she spy on the Russians from , here in Pennsylvania ?? vada no , not here in Pennsylvania , she go to Russia undercover with she act troupe and get a lot of highly sensitive secret plan send back . just when she be about to go home , she get catch , and they kill she . kevin all right , so when do she have you between all she act and spying and get catch ? vada that 's simple . she be pregnant with I ... when she go to Russia and she do not know ... and then when the Russians find out , they wait to shoot she ' cause you be not allow to kill pregnant woman anywhere in the world . judy so she have you in jail , in Russia ? vada well actually I be bear in siberia and then they shot she and send I home to my dad . kevin vada , if bullshit wear a bra , you would be topic . come on Judy . Kevin and Judy walk off vada ohh ... ask anyone , ask my dad ! ( pause ) could be true . vada go to she locker and open it , exchange book vada' thought how come guy talk so much when they have nothing to say , and girl have plenty to say , but no - one will listen . view of rug on floor of sultenfuss ' live room , vada lift up the rug and expose the large black patch that the pumpkin left showing shelly vada I use to come down here and sleep on this spot when I be little . my report be gonna be a disaster , everything I know about she fit into one little box . shelly a box ? top view of BOX , vada and shelly be sitting on a bed looking through it shelly oh vada , what a sweet baby book ! vada it 's only fill out to page two . I be eight pound , four ounce . ( look further in box ) there 's so many program , she be in a lot of play . dad say that when she be on stage , she hold the audience in the palm of she hand . shelly ( look at a small brown paper bag ) what 's this ? December 8th , 1958 ? vada I do not know , dad do not either . shelly well , it must mean something . she be obviously very sentimental . vada ( as shelly pull out a passport ) this be one of my favorite thing , she passport . shelly ( look at the photo ) oh vada she 's so beautiful . Margaret Ann muldovan , bear in Los Angeles , California , February 7th 1936 . Aquarius . vada Margaret 's my middle name , but everybody call she maggie . Los Angeles , have you ever be there ? shelly no . you know they say , that it never rain , that you can barbecue on Christmas day ... instead of riding you bike , you just surf over to you friend house . oh , and the place be just crawl with celebrity . I know someone who see walter matthau pick up he dry-clean . vada be that why uncle phil move there ? shelly uncle phil just need a change , a little adventure . vada I wonder why she get a passport if she never go anywhere . shelly well you have gotta be prepare . vada I be definitely travel some day . shelly get a idea shelly why not now ? vada what do you mean ? shelly how would you like to go visit you uncle phil in Los Angeles ... next week during you spring vacation , you could do research on you mom . vada but what about you and the baby ? you need I . shelly oh , but I be not due to have the baby for another six week or so . vada yeah , it would be kinda great . shelly it would be fantastic . vada but dad will never go for it . shelly you leave you father to I . foyer of sultenfuss ' house , harry and shelly enter through a door arguing shelly we should encourage she to spread she wing . harry she can spread she wing , right here in Pennsylvania . you do not send a child alone to Los Angeles , she could come back with she ear pierce , she leg shave and God know what else . shelly she be not a child Harry , she be a young woman , she 's on the brink of ... harry disaster , disaster lurk behind every ( hesitates ) palm tree . shelly you be be narrow -mind . Harry begin to move up the stair harry look , maybe when she 's a little older , I would be more then happy to bring up ... vada approach from upstairs ( to vada ) ohh ... hi vada , we be just have a little .... vada you be just have a fight about I . would not you like to hear my opinion ? harry of course . vada I think that if I be old enough to accept a new baby , and if I be old enough to accept a new room , I be old enough to go to California . harry honey I know it 's fun to think about this thing but .... vada I already buy a ticket . harry what ?? vada I use my own money and get a great deal , it 's a q47nr five day fare , which mean that I have to change plane in Dallas and stay over a Saturday . there 's no exchange or refund , so ... if you do not let I go then I will have waste my entire life savings . harry ah , uh , uh , bu ...but ... but I ... I ... be not it against the law to sell airline ticket to minor ? Harry look at shelly , who look guilty do not tell I you aid and abetted this little scheme ? shelly well , vada need I . vada leave the room besides the airline require the signature of a adult . harry yeah and they forget to ask for one who be not have hormone surge . shelly oh come on Harry , we be talk about five day here . harry I really think we be go overboard for just a simple school assignment . vada be back in live room , rubbing her hand on the pumpkin stain spot , we can hear harry and shelly in the background shelly but it 's not a little school assignment . I think maybe all of this be happen for a reason . harry reason ? what reason ? vada lie down and put her head on the spot shelly phil 's move to LA , grammoo 's pass , the baby be bear , vada 's report , I think ... camera be back on shelly and harry ... maybe all of this be sign , sign that it 's time for vada to take this trip . harry Signs . oooooooooooh , let I get the loch ness monster on the phone , you two have a lot to talk about . no , I be sorry , vada be not go to Los Angeles , now I have make my decision and that be final . at the airport , vada and harry be walking out toward the check in desk harry and remember do not talk to anyone , even if a nun sit next to you , do not talk to she . vada no nun , get it . harry and no boy , promise I , oh that LA people be all so corrupt you will end up pregnant and on drug ... and do not come run to I when you wake up in the city morgue with a tag on you toe have be beat up into a unrecognizable pulp by some surfer ... and don 't make eye contact , it communicate a imply vulnerability . vada hand she ticket to the attendant vada what do that mean ? harry it mean ... I be a paranoid nitwit who 's never let he baby girl out of he sight for the simple reason he 's a paranoid nitwit . so why do not you just say " oh dad " and get on the damn plane already ? vada give Harry a hug vada bye dad , I will miss you . harry thanks , I need that . vada I will be back in 137 hour . harry have fun . vada wave as she board the plane not too much . outside view of airborne plane , switch to inside view of vada at her window seat , she get out her BOX and look through it again vada' thought it 's hard to believe that my mother 's whole life fit into this box . I have just gotta think of this stuff as clue ... or good luck charm . but I need more than luck to solve this puzzle , I need a miracle . conveyor belt at airport in LA vada' bag drop onto belt and begins to move along , at first attempt vada miss her bag , then she get it vada have she bag and stand in the middle of the terminal wait , a boy be see run into the building , he stop and look around , pass straight by vada , then turn and try to get a look at she , vada will not allow this as she keep turn away from he boy be you wait for someone ? vada stay turn away and do not reply boy Excuse I I ask you a question . vada I be not suppose to talk to stranger , not even nun . boy you be vada right ? vada turn nervously and look at he vada how do you know my name ? boy you uncle phil tell I . vada where be he ?? he be suppose to meet I . boy hey relax , you think I kidnap he or something ? vada this be California , anything be possible . boy well if I be look for a victim , I definitely would not pick you uncle phil who outweigh I by about 150 pound , besides , who would I ask for ransom ? you ?? vada be you suffer from a chemical imbalance or be it just a attitude problem . boy my only problem be that you uncle phil be give I five buck to pick you up but I do not get pay ' till delivery . vada gee , that be a problem . the boy pick up vada 's suitcase and begin to walk off with it vada put that down , I will ... I will call the police ! boy what be you gonna do ? tell they that ... a polite person help carry you bag ? vada I do not think you be very polite . boy yeah , well I do not think you be very grateful . a lot of people in you position would say " thank you " . he begin to move off , vada follow vada thank you . boy do not mention it . vada I do not even know you name . nick it 's Nick . ( give vada 's ticket to attendant ) there you go . attendant ( check ticket against luggage ) okay . nick thanks . outside nick oh great , no cab ! hari krishna guy approach vada man I have a gift for you . he give she something vada thanks .... nick no thanks ! vada he say it be a gift . nick yeah , right . vada I do not need you to be tell I to ... nick taxi !!! the two rush up to a wait taxi , cut off a woman who be about to get in nick get in ... get in !! taxi driver okay , you look like a man who know where he 's go , where be we head ? nick take the 405 to Santa monica , Santa monica to whittier , whittier to sunset . camera be following taxi from sky , song be playing swingtown vada be watching out window all the sight , they pass a oil pump , a huge donut store , capitol record build etc . vada wave out the window to a surfer in a red convertible , then they turn off , and pull up to a building with " budapest auto repair " write on it nick ( pay driver ) there you go . ( to vada ) see that building , my grandfather build it . budapest auto repair . ( point ) that 's my room right up there . one of this day this be all gonna be mine . vada enter the large garage and see phil walk inwards vada uncle phil !! phil turn around phil vada !! vada run and jump into phil 's arm look at you , oh hi , hi , hi ! ! how be you ? you look great , how 's shelly ? you dad ? vada they be great . phil how about Nick ? do he take good care of you ? vada he be very polite , worth the entire five dollar . phil uh huh , well ... good to know . phil hand Nick a 5 note nick thanks rose ( appear from behind a door , hold phone under she ear ) give it back Nicholas ! nick but we make a business deal . rose what ever happen to a good old - fashioned favor huh ? Nick return the 5 rose ( into phone ) now Irving we family 's be deal with you company for over forty year now , now either the timing chain be here or be not here and from what I can see it be not here , now you wanna come down and explain to the customer why we can not re-assemble the car because not all the part be here . now come on , I have enough trouble keep my weight down , I do not need this blubber from you , be we quite clear on this Irving or do I have to speak with you father ? ( pause ) thank you . yes , yes I love you too Irving . she then hang up , and notice vada you must be vada ! oh what a face ! she lean over and hug vada oh if I have a face like that I would not have to yell so much . I be Rose , Rose Zsigmond , Nick 's mother among other thing . vada you be Nick 's mother ? rose what , do you think he be raise by a pack of wolf ? do not be misl by the haircut . nick Mom ! phil move over to Rose and put he arm around she shoulder phil who know that when I start work in the finest foreign car shop in LA , I would also find the light of my life . rose yeah , well he leave out a couple of step , ah look , I have gotta get back to this bill , phil will you help vada get settle ? phil come on ... I will show you where you be gonna stay . vada and phil go upstairs , and enter a very nicely do up room phil here we go ... not what you expect from downstairs right ? now well put you stuff over here in this closet ... you can unpack later and this be where you sleep . luckily this sofa bed be really comfortable , I can tell you that from personal experience . ( point ) bathroom , do you have to ? ( point ) Rose and my room . vada she life here too ? phil ahh , that 's right , like one big happy family . this be Nick 's room and uhh .... vada but ... be you engage or something ? phil date , seriously dating . you be thirsty , want something to drink ? sure you do , it 's be a long trip . phil go and begin to get vada a drink you see vada , marriage , marriage be a very big step ... and ...no ... not something to be enter into lightly , see I just uhh ... I just wanna make very sure that everything be absolutely right before I go jump into some kind of a ... vada sound like you have a fear of commitment , uncle phil . phil that 's ridiculous , I be ... I be very , umm , what do you call it ? vada committed ? phil committed . vada so do that mean that you sleep here every night ? phil yes , it do . phil hold up two container , one of orange juice and one of milk , vada indicate the milk vada well then that 's not exactly dating be it . phil vada , I know that traditionally you be not suppose to do a lot of this thing before you be officially marry ... but this be very , very special circumstance . phil pour vada a drink of milk , as she drink it we hear ... vada' thought when sex be involved , it 's always special circumstance . at the zsigmond dinning table . rose , phil , vada and nick be sitting , eating vada my parent have a brief , but intensely fulfil relationship . she 's remain a woman of mystery to this day . nick and you be gonna solve the mystery ? vada I get it all figure out , I know she go to Wilson High School , so first thing tomorrow , I be gonna go there and get a copy of she yearbook . that way I can get the name of all the people she be in club with and find out who she friend be . phil then you will be all set . rose sound like you be very organize . vada I have to be , I only have five day . so just point I in the right direction and .... phil I will do better than that . I will send you off with you own private guide . phil look at Nick nick ( mouth full ) muh ?? phil I would consider it a personal favor . Nick flash a evil look at vada vada be in a dressing gown , walking toward the kitchen where nick and phil be washing dish and talking , vada stop behind the fridge and listen phil it 's not like you have a whole lot plan for this week right ? it will be okay . hey , here you go . phil hand 10 to Nick nick what 's that ? phil ten buck . nick what 's it for ? phil for the mini-bike fund . nick wow ! phil well I know you be not crazy about take vada around tomorrow , so ... I just want you to know I appreciate it though . nick no problem . phil you be a good man Nicholas . nick phil , I think you should consider ... fade as vada walk off close up of vada in bed . she wake up , and get up , wandering out onto the front porch in the fresh morning AIR looking at LA external view of bus go down a highway inside bus , vada and nick be sitting on one of the seat vada I think my mom go to school in LA , we have gotta be close in on the Grand Canyon . but I be sure for a trip to the Grand Canyon you would charge a little more than ... ten dollar . Nick ponder on this for a moment and then look annoyed nick you know eavesdropp be a very unattractive habit . vada I be not eavesdropp , I be overhear . nick I do not ask for the money , phil just give it to I . vada well look , I know that all you care about be you precious mini-bike . it 's obvious you have no sense of historical perspective , I think we be here . she pull the buzzer nick ( to driver ) get off please . vada Excuse I , pardon , thank you , excuse I . vada and Nick get off the bus and walk towards a empty field , there be a plaque stand near they , so vada go to look vada where 's the school ? look at the plaque and read from it vada due to a devastating fire June 17 1963 , Wilson High School be close . I can not believe it ! my mother 's high school burn down ! nick they obviously have no sense of historical perspective either . vada it 's not funny ! I mean what be I gonna do ? without that yearbook I be lose . I can not just walk around town look for someone with a Wilson High School letter sweater !!! nick vada . vada what ?? nick calm down ! we just have to ask ourselves , where you book come from . I mean they do not appear out of thin air . inside a printing PRESS somewhere , vada and nick be walking behind a worker man watch this machine now . vada this be really very nice of you . man it 's no problem , I have a mother once myself . they all enter a large storage room man if it 's in here at all , it 's in the back two row . vada o.k . thank you very much . man happy hunt . vada and Nick begin to search through box and box of book nick I do not mean to alarm you , but I be get a nose bleed from the altitude . vada just remember the needle in the haystack . nick I never do understand that story , do someone find the needle or not ? vada what difference do it make ? nick a big difference , if someone find it we should keep look , if they do not we be just waste we time . vada oh my gosh , here it be ! vada search quickly through the book vada look , here she be . Margaret Ann muldovan - newspaper , literary magazine , french Club , Drama Club , debate Club , Girls basketball and swim team . with maggie 's combo of good look and talent , we be sure to be see she name in light . she be gonna be famous . nick yearbook always set you out for disappointment , I want mine to say : Nick probably will not amount to much , so do not be surprised if you never hear anything about he again . can we go ?... it smell like someone leave they gym bag in here . vada it 's the leather binding , I love the fragrance of vintage book . nick I love the fragrance of chilidog . vada and nick be at a outdoor fast food restaurant , eating vada he be on the school paper with my mom ...great ... a full page of tanaka 's , fifteen with the initial ' D ' , this be gonna be tough . nick do not forget , the girl change they name if they get marry . vada I would never do that . nick get marry ? vada Change my name . nick what , you think the guy should change he name ? vada get up to go to the phone vada I do not think anybody should change they name , that way you can always find they when you need they . nick what if you do not wanna be find ? vada why do you argue with everything I say ? Nick grab one of vada 's chip while she 's not look l.a.p.d. , vada and nick be go up the stair , they approach a female cop at the desk vada hi. cop can I help you ? vada umm , yeah do someone name daryl tanaka work here ? cop sure . ( turn around and shout ) hey tanaka , you get company ! daryl it 's too bad about you mom . at least she go peacefully , I have see a lot of people go out the hard way . vada what do you remember about she . daryl well , we work on the school paper together . I remember when the legion of decency declare rebel without a Cause unfit ... boy ... that Jim backer , what a actor uh ? what a actor . ah , she write this article about censorship in the first amendment , she be really something . graduation , some big deal congressman say Senator mccarthy be the great american ever . maggie get up in front of five hundred people ... walk out ... couple of people follow she too . take a lot of gut . vada wow , you walk out with my mother ? daryl you kid ? he pick up a picture and show vada and Nick my parent would have shot I . I be the president of the young republican . nee say second generation ... hall monitor . I do not wanna start World War Three . nick you save a lot of life , you should be very proud . vada umm , I be try to find out she great achievement . daryl she be the uhh ... first girl ever suspend for smoking . vada suspend from school , my mother ?? daryl everyone be really surprised when maggie be turn in , she get kick out for two week . nick what kind of sleazoid geek would turn she in ? daryl I would do it again in a minute . vada you ratted on my mother ?? nick who be you ? Hitler 's hall monitor ? daryl well maybe you should join a hippie commune . but let I tell you something . sooner or later it 's gonna be you turn to take out the garbage . nick what about give the other guy a break . daryl what about live in the real world pal ? intercom tanaka get a minute ? daryl I will be right there . he get up and begin to leave ( to vada ) oh , ahh , I would be a little more careful of who I hang around with . Nick pick up daryl 's packet of cigarettes and show they to vada nick ( to vada ) Care for a smoke ? vada and nick be walking along the STREET vada this will be great in my report , my mother be suspend for smoking . nick I think it 's cool . vada you would . nick you would rather have a mother that 's a member of the police state ? rule be make to be break . ( point to Nixon on tv in a shop window ) just ask he . nixon on tv ... about the fact that the president have nothing to hide ... in this matter ... budapest auto repair , a red jaguar enter with a screech and a man get out and move over to rose rose hello . man hi. rose what can I do for you ? man ehh ... I be stay at the chateau and the guy who run the garage there say that you be the best jag people in town ... so uhm . rose well Enrique be great and ... we be the best . man then I have come to the right place . rose I guess you have . man I be Sam helburn . Sam . rose Rose . they shake hand rose so what 's wrong ? SAM nothing , nothing at all . rose I mean ... with you car . SAM oh , ahh , oil change , I ...ehh ... I just drive in from Chicago and uhh ... nice hair . rose Excuse I ? SAM I be comment on you hair . rose oh , be you a hairdresser ? SAM I be a pediatric cardiologist . rose oh , you mean you ... fix the heart ... of little baby ? SAM mostly ... little baby , but ... not exclusively . phil look up from he work to see Sam hold Rose 's hand , he be mildly annoyed SAM ( laugh ) ... it 's all in the hand really . you know you have nice hand , you operate ? rose ( laugh ) yes , I do . SAM ...so I guess I will always ... teach ... you know ... ' cause it make a good relief from the operate - room , I feel I have a obligation ... Rose and Sam continue converse as phil come over to they phil hi , phil sultenfuss phil go to shake Sam 's hand and then realize that they be very dirty and withdraw he hand oh sorry . ahh , some kind of problem here ? rose no , there 's no problem , Dr. helburn just need to have he oil change . phil oh I see , ' cause usually that do not require such a lengthy consultation . SAM well Rose be be very thorough . phil be Rose . rose ahh , Dr. helburn , why do not you come in tomorrow - morning at eight o'clock , that 's when we open , we will get you start . SAM I will be here . phil I look forward to it . phil slap the windscreen of Sam 's car , leave a huge greasy handprint oh , I be sorry , I will get that for you in the morning . he get out a rag and wipe the mark , smear it ooooh , make it worse , get that for you in the morning . Nice wheel . SAM thanks . Sam reverse out and drive off phil what 's with the touch , why be he touch you ? rose he be not touch I he be just ... gesture ... phil he be caress . rose phil for God sake . phil God ? no I do not think you would want to invoke God Rose , because he see even more than I do . rose look phil , if you want the rights of a husband , you be gonna have to ask I something but if not , you be gonna have to get accustom to the rights of what you be . phil oh ... what 's that ? rose right now ? a intimate border with ... mechanical skill . phil notice Nick and vada enter the garage phil hi! rose oh , hi , how 's the investigation go ? nick just call we the " dead end kid " . vada May I use the phone please . rose oh , yeah , sure , help yourself . phil anyone with taste , anyone with breeding .... a gentleman , would choose british racing green , with maybe a tan interior ... but when you buy a red car , with a black interior and wire wheel , you have one thing on you mind and one thing only and I be too much of a gentleman to say what that one thing be ... in front of the child . vada and Nick exchange look even if I be just a glorify boarder . phil change the radio station from the classical one that Rose have it on , to a modern one , with some heavy 70 's music on it vada be talk on the phone try to find the number for another one of she mother 's friend vada hi , I would like the number of stanley rosenfeld photo , please ? in a ball room , hundred of people be dancing to a song be played by a live band , vada and nick be walking with stanley rosenfeld stanley you know photography be a art form if you take it seriously enough , which I happen to do . stanley see a couple dance ester , ester you gorgeous thing you , smile for the birdie . hold , hold . ester stomach in harold . click stanley beeaaauuuuuutifulll . ester thank you . stanley thank you . vada and Nick exchange weird look you mother be something - special vada , to tell you the truth , I have quite a crush on she . vada really ? stanley who do not ? she could play basketball like Jerry West , she dance like sid cherice , then she would look at you with that big blue eye , forget about it . I ask she out a couple of time but she always say no . lenny , Nancy , you just get marry , look happy , look happy , look like you mean it . click beeaaauuuuuutifulll . I remember that day , then we all go off to ucla and she start hang round with that drama department type . there be this one guy , Peter webb he 's become a big director in Hollywood now ... and the only reason I know he at all be that we be all together in this big poetry class with this crazy guy Albert boderfelder ... vada beidermeyer ? stanley beidermeyer that 's it , what a mad man . vada he 's a great poet . stanley he be ? vada do you know he ? stanley everybody do , walk along citrus between Fountain and sunset any afternoon . vada he will remember my mother for sure . stanley it be a big class vada and ... but ... well of course he will remember , who could forget maggie ? vada just one more thing . do this mean anything to you ? vada get out the brown paper bag and show it to stanley stanley no it do not but ... I ... I wish it do . vada well , thanks for you help Mr. rosenfeld and I be sorry my mother would not go out with you , I be sure she would have have a really great time . stanley I would have try to show she a good time . I promise she when she leave that I would never forget she and I never do . stanley rosenfeld do not forget . vada and nick be walking down a pavement , talking vada this be the street he walk down every day . when he need inspiration ... nick Boy , you be really into this . vada he be one of the great poet . they look across the road and see a old man sit in a chair , write vada I think it 's he . they cross the road vada he 's write . hello ? man if you be sell girl scout cookie I be borderline diabetic . vada you be Alfred beidermeyer be not you ? alfred you have to remind I ? vada be you write a poem ? alfred no , I be write to the phone company because they keep charge I for call to Caracas , Venezuela ... do you know any know anybody in Caracas , Venezuela ? vada & nick no . alfred neither do I . a buzzer sound ask not for whom the bell toll ... time for my medication and my nap . as he get up , he knock everything off he table nick here , we will help you carry you stuff . alfred I can handle it , I can handle that . oh well , thank you , I be in the penthouse . vada and Nick begin to climb the stair penthouse a , it 's there over on the leave . Alfred begin to climb the stair after vada and Nick , very slowly nick if he have a heart attack you be carry the body down yourself . vada at least it give you plenty of exercise . alfred it keep I young . they all enter Alfred 's apartment vada ( refer to the table that she be carry ) umm , where do you want this ? alfred oh , just put it over there . vada be look through Alfred 's bookshelf vada do you still teach ? alfred no , no , no , I give it up ten year ago ... actually it give I up . vada find a book of interest vada my mother take this course with you at ucla ... " the foundation of poetic think " . alfred ucla ? my cardigan sweater period . vada her name be maggie muldovan . alfred ( completely absentmindedly ) ohhhhh . nick remember she ? alfred I have be bless with a very bad memory . vada people say she look like I . alfred I be drink a little in that day . ( get up ) I be drink a little this day too . vada I be sure she find you lecture fascinating . alfred oh I doubt it ... lecture be notoriously boring . vada no they be not . I wanna be a writer , I wanna be just like you . alfred humph , meee ?? my dear , this be not a country that reward poetry , this be a country that reward gas mileage , besides , people do not read poetry anymore , they watch television . do not be a poet , be a tv repairman . outside , nick and vada be go down step outside alfred beidermeyer flat nick vada , come on ... I get a place I always go when I need cheer up . tar pit , vada and nick be on the viewing platform looking over the edge vada the tar pit ? this be where you come to get cheer up ? nick look at it this way , however bad I feel , it be not as bad as become extinct in a bottomless pit of tar . vada and I think I be weird . nick you be weird . let 's just go . vada oh , no wait , I like that you buy I here . vada and Nick sit down on a concrete bench nick hey what do I care ... I mean , consider the sort , a chick from Pennsylvania , who wear a mood ring . vada this be not just a mood ring . nick do it work ? vada well , it do not open can or anything but it ... it 's sort of a reminder of a friend of mine . nick boyfriend ? vada well he be a boy , he be my friend ... he be my best friend . when we be kid we be gonna ... move out here and move to the brady bunch . then umm , I lose this ring in the wood ... and when he go to find it ... he get stung by bee and he die . nick do you think you friend 's up in Heaven now , look down on you and watch you all the time ? vada ( smile ) well , I hope he 's not watch I all the time . nick let I see if it change color on I . vada ehh ... okay ... but be careful , it have a lot of sentimental value . vada take the ring off and hand it carefully to Nick , they stand up nick maybe it will fit my pinkie . vada do not force it , you will break it . nick I be not gonna break it , I just wanna see it change color . vada I want it back now . I never should have take it off , I want it back . Nick begin to tease vada with she mood ring , she begin to get quite distress nick hey relax , I be not gonna break it . vada give it to I ! nick come and get it . vada just give it to I !! nick just come and get it ... right here ! vada don 't , come on !!! Nick have he back against the side of the platform with he arm outstretch , threaten to drop it nick woah , watch it ! vada don 't !!! nick ( expression suddenly change ) uh oh ... vada what do you mean " uh oh " ??? nick ... I drop it . vada in the tar ?? nick it be a accident , I will get you a new one . vada run off down the step nick where be you go ??? vada owh ... Nick be sprinting after vada , who be run fast toward the fence nick vada wait up !!!!! wait !!!!! vada try to scale the fence to get into the enclose area to retrieve she ring , Nick pull she off nick what be you do ? you can not go in there ! vada oh no ?!?!?! vada climb again , Nick pull she off again nick it 's dangerous !! vada ( push Nick ) leave I alone !! that ring be the only thing I have leave of Thomas J , I have to get it !! nick you mean , ( open other hand ) this ring ? vada jerk ! you idiot !!! vada begin to hit Nick quite fiercely nick you hit pretty good , for a girl !! they run off night time inside the zsigmond house , nick open he bedroom door and emerge dressed in he pajamas Nick walk over past where vada be sleep on the couch - bed and stop , turn back and move over to take a look at the sleep beauty , all of a sudden the light in Rose & phil 's room go on rose ( whisper , from bedroom ) Nicholas ! what be you do up ? nick i...ahhh ...umm ... I be thirsty . rose there 's water in you bathroom . nick ( open fridge ) I want juice ! rose do not wake up vada . nick I will not . vada smile and open she eye some western movie set in hollywood , vada and nick be walking along talking to peter webb peter I think ahh ... maggie could have be a major glitter . she would talent , God know that face be make for close - up but everything be ... magic with maggie . I remember , we be walk down Hollywood boulevard , we put we foot in the star ' footprint , you know like tourist do , maggie could not believe it , she foot be the same size as Judy garland . of course mine match perfectly with Orson Wells . hahaha , just kid . you should call hillary Mitchell ... maggie be very close . she 's get this funky little clothing store over here on melrose , I would call she for you but well we ahh , kinda have this thing you know ... get a little messy . Peter write on a piece of paper and then hand it to vada vada thanks . umm ... would you know what this be ? vada hand she mother 's brown paper bag over to Peter peter well not really . ahh , could be the date of a open , a audition ...eh...umm ... birthday ? not my birthday . I dunno , who ...eh ... write date on paper bag ? Peter give the bag back to vada vada my mom . peter ( look at watch ) woooh , I have get to get to daily , gotta break this up . vada well thanks for you time , I know you be very busy . peter you be maggie all over ... you let I know if you ever wanna be a movie star ... you get the face for close - up too . vada thanks . Peter give vada a kiss on the forehead , then walk off nick what a dufus . live room of zsigmond house , phil and rose be ready to go out , vada and nick be sitting reading magazine phil we may go out for coffee after the meeting so do not expect we before midnight . rose there 's plenty of fruit . phil you know where the fire extinguisher be . nick if the fruit burst into flame I will be prepare . rose ( to Nick , whom she give a kiss on the forehead ) you be so clever . ( to vada ) be you all right honey ? vada I be just tired . rose all right , well get to bed early and do not let anybody in . bye . phil lock the door . vada bye . vada look up expectantly at Nick , who get up and go to the door to check that Rose and phil have leave nick we have lift off . the song " bennie and the jet " begin to play on hollywood boulevard , nick and vada be looking at all the star on the pavement vada Joan Crawford , oh I love she ... there 's the marx Brothers . Carol lombard , my dad 's favorite ! nick never hear of she . vada Montgomery clift , wait ' till I tell shelly . nick here 's Judy garland ! vada run over vada my mother stand on this very spot . nick I be afraid you foot will not fit in there . vada that 's ' cause I be curse with the sultenfuss bear claw . my hand fit . nick Big deal . a hippie walk past smoking a joint , and blow a puff of it on vada , who smell it and cough vada what 's he smoking ? nick what do you think ? vada really ? vada start off after he , but Nick grab she arm and pull she away , they walk off and then vada see a sign say ear pierce , 5.00 vada hey look ! nick this be a totally barbaric custom . they enter the store vada and nick strolling quietly down a pavement in front of a large wall mural of movie star nick so if phil marries my mom , she would be you aunt right ? vada right . nick and you would be my cousin ? vada yeah I guess ... sort of . nick but we would not really be related right ? vada oh no , we would not be from the same blodline or anything . we would be like two total stranger who ... accidentally have relative that get marry . nick good . I mean ... vada Marriage can really complicate thing . so , be not you gonna say anything about my earring ? nick I already do , it 's a totally barbaric custom ... but on you , it look good . vada smile bus pull up to stop near budapest auto repair , nick and vada run off of it and sprint off toward the door to nick be house vada we should have call . nick it 's not that late ! they enter the live room , Rose and phil be sit wait rose you be ground ' till you be fifty ! nick you be over reacting ! rose make that sixty and I be docking you allowance for two week . nick mom ! rose you think this be easy for I ? you go out on the town and I get to be the bad guy . look I do not want you to be some punk hoodlum delinquent but I can not do my job as a parent if you do not do you job as a kid . vada it 's not he fault ! nick no ... it be I . and I be sorry mom , really , ju ... just tell I what to do , I will do anything . rose go to you room . ( to vada ) and you ... I do not suppose you father give you permission to pierce you ear , do he ? vada not exactly . rose well just do not shave you leg ... he will never let you visit we again if I send you home hairless and full of hole . phil move he hand up to cover he smile as he try desperately not to laugh garage day , dr helburn drive in SAM good morning . rose well maybe for you . SAM something wrong ? rose well let 's just say you be lucky you deal with child who be under anesthesia . SAM well , even without anesthesia I always tell my patient to ...eh ... to relax . look...eh ... be not it time for you coffee break or something ? there must be some place we can go ... talk ? rose oh no , I , i...eh ... I could not . SAM you could not ? rose well I be sort of involved . SAM sort of ? rose let 's just say i...eh ... I be involved . SAM where I come from , involvement ... generally call for a substantial piece of jewelry . rose oh , well , I do not wear a lot of jewelry . SAM all right , so you do not like jewelry but ...eh ... you do like ...eh... good music . liszt , one of my favorite . rose lizt be my parent ' favorite , they be hungarian . SAM hungarian . famous for they beautiful music ... and beautiful woman . phil approach , look annoyed phil Doctor helburn , what a surprise . in the last couple of day we have change you oil , realign you brake , balanced and rotate you tire , align you front end , and flushed out you entire cool system , I really do not expect to be see you for another three thousand mile . SAM oh what can I say phil , it 's just that I feel so welcome here . rose and you be . phil glance at Rose SAM ahh , why do not I come in first thing in the morning and you can check out that leave blinker for I . rose oh , sure okay . SAM I will see you then ... I look forward to it . Sam get into he car and drive off phil you really oughtta flush out that line of bullshit he 's get : hungarian 's be famous for they beautiful woman . rose what 's wrong with a little flattery ? what 's wrong with a little appreciation ? Rose start to move toward the office phil wait , be you say that I do not appreciate ? rose I be say he ask I out for coffee , like a real date , when be the last time you do that ? phil wha ... what do you mean ? we have a date every night . rose no , that 's not a date , a date be when I do not cook . Rose shut the door phil I do the dish . vada and nick be walking down a STREET , they stop and enter a shop vada' thought I would go to a fortuneteller but they can only predict the future ... I need someone who can predict the past . inside shop lady hi , can I help you ? vada be you the hillary Mitchell who go to school with maggie muldovan ? hillary maggie muldovan ? do you ... know she ? nick she 's she daughter , vada . hillary ooh ...of course ! ( hug vada ) oh , look at you ! oh it 's the eye mostly and the hair too and now she 's go ... she 's go ... she will never get to see how well you have turn out . oh ... oh my God ... maggie ! you poor thing ! hillary begin to sob and hug vada vada it 's okay really , I be just a baby . hillary I be sorry , it 's just ... I have be take all this seminar to get in touch with my feeling and ... sometimes it get out of hand . Nick reach over and get a tissue , then hand it to hillary nick here . hillary oh , thank you , you be very sweet . so how do you find out where I be ? nick Peter webb tell we . hillary Peter ? you see Peter ? oh God ... ( begin to cry , and then hug Nick ) oh forgive I , I be make such a scene here . why do not you have a seat . vada thanks . hillary I remember maggie ... and you dad too , you know we use to all pile into he old 54 Ford pickup . " Chuck the truck " we use to call it . it be pitch black , with a red leather interior . do he still drive that ? vada no , but sometimes he drive a hearse . nick he 's a undertaker . hillary you be kid , Jeffrey pommeroy 's a undertaker ? vada and Nick be confuse vada his name 's Harry sultenfuss . hillary oh. ( then it dawns on she ) ohhh ? vada what be you say ? hillary ummmmm , look , I ...i ... vada be you say my mother have another husband ? hillary oh honey , back then ... people do crazy thing . vada they sure do ! they get kick out of school , they marry truck driver ... this be my mother 's great accomplishment ? I be sure glad I come all the way out here to find they out . vada run out of store , Nick look at hillary and then follow outside on sidewalk vada be run down the sidewalk nick vada , wait up ! vada slow down and Nick catch up just because you mother be marry before , it ... it do not mean anything . vada ( very near tear ) maybe not ... but maybe it do . if no one tell I about this , I mean ... maybe they be try to hide something . nick like what ? vada maybe this Jeffrey guy be ... be my real father . I mean ... look at I , I have the hair of a dead person and ... and my nose , no one in my family have this nose , it could be the nose of ...a... of a complete stranger , vada 's voice be get a little hysterical and she be start to cry I mean ... I come out here to ... to find out about my mother and I ... and I find ... vada turn around , cover she face and cry nick do not cry ... come on ... that lady in there look pretty flaky to I . how ' bout phil , maybe he know something about all this . at least you should talk to he before you get work up . vada before I get work up ? you do not think this be work up ? Nick take vada by the shoulder and gently turn she around , he then wipe a tear from she cheek nick that thing you say about you nose ... it be a stranger 's nose ... well it 's not ... it 's ... I mean ... it 's yours ... you know ? vada Nick ? nick yeah ? vada this have be a real confusing day . Nick nod zsigmond dine room table , vada , phil , nick and rose be sitting eating vada how could dad let I visit here and find out like this ? phil shrug vada I be gonna call he ... and make he tell I everything . phil know something that vada do not , and he do not want vada to phone Harry at the moment phil uhh sweetie , I wou ... I wou ... I wou ... vada do not worry , I will do it in my own subtle way . vada pick up the phone and dial a number harry hello ? sultenfuss parlor . vada hi dad . harry hi honey . vada I just call to say that I be have a really great time . harry good ! you should go over and watch some Ted carson . vada actually , I wanna see Jeffrey pommeroy . harry and shelly room back in pennsylvania , shelly be lying in bed looking sick , harry be sitting beside her on the phone to vada harry be he ...eh ... some kind of a new rock star or something ? vada vada yeah . harry totally groovy huh ? vada totally . harry harry ask he if he need a good tuba player . vada vada I will . how 's shelly ? harry harry oh she 's fine ... ahh ...umm the doctor just ... ehh ... tell she to stay in bed and get a little rest and ...'n stay quiet ...just ... just to make sure that ... vada vada okay ... bye daddy , I love you . harry harry I love you too sweetie , bye . vada give my love to shelly . Harry hang up and then look at shelly who have just open she eye , and be weakly smile a little vada vada shelly 's sick ... I have to get to the bottom of this whole thing and get back there . rose she will be all right baby . vada yeah ... right , it 's pointless to worry . l.a.p.d. again , vada and nick be talking to daryl tanaka daryl I be not authorize to trace license for civilian . vada his name be Jeffrey pommeroy and he use to drive a 54 Ford pickup , black with red interior . please ? nick give we a break . all you have to do be make a phone call . daryl ( to vada ) I think I tell you to lose this guy . nick look , sergeant I know I say some thing last time that I should not have say at all but ... daryl I think the phrase be " sleazoid geek " . nick I be sorry okay ... we gotta find this guy because ... he know vada 's mom and he could tell she stuff that no one else know . daryl you be still ask I to break the law . vada no , we be ask you to stand up with maggie muldovan like you should have year ago . daryl think for a moment then pick up the phone and dial a number daryl yeah , this be sergeant tanaka from holenbeck , I need a current address for a Jeffrey .... vada pommeroy . daryl pommeroy ... he may or may not be drive a black 54 Ford pickup . ( cover phone ) Monday . vada ( disappointed ) I be leave Sunday . daryl ( into phone ) could you hold on for a second ? ( quietly , to vada and Nick ) look , I can not get priority without a criminal charge . nick so charge he with something ... who 's gonna know ? daryl I , I will know ! vada do you wanna be a hall monitor all you life ? daryl ( into phone ) hello , I be gonna need this right now ... this guy ... well we think he might be go after the governor . ( pause ) twenty minute ? Fine . budapest garage , vada and phil be looking at the engine of a car phil so give he a call , the worst he can do be hang up on you , right ? vada I feel like before I can talk to he I have to see he face . phil how 's this for a solution . we will take a drive over to he place , you can introduce yourself .... vada I would like to see he house but ... I do not know if I would have the nerve to just go up and knock on he door . I do not think I can go through with it . phil then we will keep drive ... you will decide . vada and phil drive down highway , they turn off into a side road phil you be awfully quiet . vada do you think I should tell my dad about Jeffrey pommeroy ? phil I do not know , he 's get a awful lot on he mind right now . maybe some day when the time be right . vada maybe . phil then again , you dad 's get he own memory and he 's get he own life now ... I think this be a secret just between you and you mom . vada a secret , I like that . phil' truck pull up to a house phil this be it I guess . vada well , I have come this far ... the least I can do be knock on the door . phil you want I to come with ? vada ( shake she head ) I should do this myself . phil okay ... take you time ... I will ... I will go for a walk around . vada okay . vada get out and make she way up to the front door , petting the dog sit on the doorstep , she turn to look back at phil phil ( in car , gesture that she should press the bell ) go ahead honey ... go ahead . vada press door bell , wait then press it again , then a man open the door man hi there ... can I help you ? vada be you Jeffrey pommeroy ? jeffrey sure be , who be you ? vada I be vada Margaret sultenfuss . my mother be ... jeffrey maggie ... maggie 's little girl . vada nod jeffrey I be hope I would get to meet you . vada you mean , you know about I ? voice from inside who be it honey ? a woman appear next to Jeffrey jeffrey it 's aah ... maggie 's little girl , vada . woman ohh , oh my . jeffrey this be my wife Emily . emily hi. vada hi. jeffrey umm ...can you come in for a minute ? vada I would like to , thanks . they enter the house . vada walk next to Jeffrey who lead they into the live room , a little girl suddenly come run in little girl mommy , daddy , I paint you a rainbow , come and see . emily ( to Katie ) this be vada , ( to vada ) vada this be we little girl Katie . vada hi. katie ( shy ) hi. emily umm ... why do not we let daddy and vada visit for a little while ? katie okay . jeffrey okay . katie bye . vada bye . ( Emily and Katie leave ) she look a little like I when I be a little girl . jeffrey do she ? vada nod jeffrey I be glad you be here . vada you be ? jeffrey yeah , come on , let 's talk . they move into the kitchen in kitchen , jeffrey be in fridge getting a drink vada we have this school assignment to write about someone we never meet and I choose my mother . she be bear in Los Angeles and since my uncle phil move out here I come in to visit he and then I look at she high school yearbook and ... and I call a few people and one guy say that she go to ucla , another guy say that I should call hillary Mitchell so .... jeffrey hillary Mitchell ? how 's she ? vada oh she 's great ... she 's a little crazy though . anyway , hillary say that you have a black Ford truck and this policeman I know get in touch with motor vehicle and ... he give I you address and here I be . jeffrey ( laugh ) vada I tell you it be a long story . jeffrey that 's all right , you know what ? you sound just sound just like you mother ... she tell great storey . story with crazy accent and ... special effect . vada special effect ? jeffrey yeah like , switch a lamp on and off when she be talk about lightning ... audience love stuff like that . and you mom know how to work a audience . vada I do not know very much about she ... I be hope that you could help I . jeffrey I will try . vada get out she brown paper bag and hand it to jeffrey vada no one else know what this mean . jeffrey look at it for a moment as memory come flooding back jeffrey you see ... the thing be , we always want to work in a theater , so we drive out to New York , to Broadway where it be ... where it be all happen ... and ... New York be just full of fancy french restaurant and we want to get marry in one but we be totally break , so you mom find this little coffee shop ... little table round the back ... and real tablecloth on them , and a minister who work cheap ... but when we get down to the coffee shop there be a sign on the door that say close by the board of Health . by that time it have start snow , so ... we just get marry ... right outside in the snow . it be freezing but it be wonderful . and for we wedding feast , we have a bag of hot roast chestnut . this be the bag . vada and she save it . jeffrey ( nod ) well , we do not have a camera ... so she just write the date on the bag and say , " this will be out wedding album , this will be a day we will never forget . " we never do . vada do you have any picture if she ? jeffrey I have get something better . room with projector sitting behind couch , vada be seated on the couch and jeffrey be sitting behind her operating it vada and jeffrey be watch the movie jeffrey we call ourselves " the appear nightly player " . maggie ( on screen , in french accent ) darling , oh where be my chauffeur ? you do not want I should walk to the stage ? a actress of my overwhelming talent ? vada she 's beautiful . jeffrey we perform on the beach one summer ...ha... everything go wrong . we can see the act troupe stuff round on the beach , then maggie in a doughnut - floatie in the sea with a umbrella , then play volleyball , then sit at a table surround by friend , she be convinced to sing by she friend , which she begin to do maggie smile though you heart be aching , smile , even though it 's break , when there be cloud , in the sky you will get by , if you smile through you fear and sorrow , smile and maybe tomorrow , you will see the sun come shine through if you , Light up you face with gladness , hide every trace of sadness , although a tear may be ever so near , that 's the time you must keep on try , smile , what 's the use of cry , you will find that life be still worthwhile , if you just smile . the group that maggie sing for start to complement she and chatter away , then the reel end , jeffrey turn off the projector , get up and turn on the light jeffrey she have a... a beautiful voice . vada nod , cry a little jeffrey would you like ...eh ... to have this movie ? vada ( turn around ) more than anything in the world . jeffrey ( nod ) it 's good to see maggie again ... and you . vada umm ... do not you ever wonder about I ? jeffrey well I do not know about you until after she be go . vada I think that ...umm ... maybe you would be curious about how I turn out . jeffrey I would say you turn out just fine . vada I guess what I mean be , my mother marry my dad after you ... and then I be bear , so I think that ... maybe you get divorced because of I . jeffrey wait...woah ...woah ... wait a minute ... do you think I be you father ? vada well ... jeffrey honey I would be proud to be you father , really . it just be not so . they walk outside jeffrey maggie want to have a baby ... and ...umm ... I do not . vada oh . jeffrey she do not wanna miss out on anything ... especially motherhood ... it get to be a real problem with we . I think she have plenty of time , she do not . anyway ... that 's why I be grateful when she meet you father , he have the sense to love she the way she deserve ... and most of all ... I be glad that she have you , the baby she always want . I want you to know that . this have make vada 's day , she look very happy , they hug each other budapest garage , vada be talking to nick , rose and phil vada and I be gonna use the movie when I give my report . Jeffrey say audience love special effect . nick you better ace it ... you sacrifice we whole vacation . rose well it 's a wonderful story with a very happy end . Sam enter the garage in he car phil sorry doc , we close for business at 3 o'clock today . Sam get out and walk over to Rose , and offer Rose a box SAM ahh ... this be not business . you know I ... I find this wonderful little hungarian restaurant that make it 's own strudel and I ... I think you might like a taste of the old country . you see there 's apple in there and ... and cherry and this be the ...eh ... cheese but I ... I gotta say I think that cherry be ... be really .... phil grab the strudel and put it back in Sam 's car phil okay , that do it , that do it , the strudel do it , first it 's brake then .... I mean I be not gonna let some podiatrist with a jaguar full of strudel come waltzing in here and .... SAM I be not a podiatrist , I be a cardiologist . phil who care ? Rose , tell he we have a arrangement . SAM well , wha ... what kind of arrangement ? rose yes , what kind of arrangement ? I would be very interested to know what kind of a arrangement we have . phil you know exactly ... what kind it be . come on Rose ... what do you want from I ? rose I do not want anything you do not wanna give I . SAM and you certainly should not settle for anything less that you deserve . phil you stay out of this , look , if I have a red xk - 150 with a black interior , I sure as hell would not be hand out relationship advice . SAM I do not think the color of the interior be .... phil Rose this not the place to be have this ... rose I think this place be just fine . phil you know how I feel about you . rose you like the way I cook ... you think I make out a great invoice . phil you and Nick and ... and this ... this garage be my whole life ... I love you . sure you do not have the great taste in music ... but there 's not another woman who could look so sexy in that smock . what I be try ... what I be try to sa ... vada take phil 's hand and mouth the word " commitment " to he , give he strength what I mean to say ... Rose will you marry I ? rose you really think I look sexy in this smock ? phil be that a yes ? phil and Rose hug each other and kiss , Sam look defeat , vada and Nick smile at each other at airport , vada be about to board her plane , rose and phil be stand next to her vada thanks for everything , you be the best . phil no , you be the best and I do not want you talk to anybody on the plane . vada dad already give I this lecture . he 's gonna meet I at the airport , then we will go for some pizza , then we will have dinner in bed with shelly . phil sound great , well you give them both one of this for I . phil give vada hug and a kiss vada bye aunt Rose . rose bye niece , vada . Rose and vada hug vada thanks . well , bye . vada walk down the corridor a little and stop by Nick who be wait for she vada ...umm ... listen , I be sorry ... you have to sacrifice you entire vacation . nick some sacrifice be worth it . vada you mean ... it be not that terrible ? nick I would not say it be terrible ... it be ... kind of ... vada a adventure ? nick ( smile ) part adventure ... part miracle . Nick look into vada 's eye , they kiss , a long moment pass and they lip part . they both smile at each other nick write I a poem ? vada ( shake she head smile ) nick no ? vada I will write you ten poem . ( PA spring to life inform people to board now ) bye . nick good-bye , look in you backpack . vada turn around and look at Nick vada okay . vada walk down the passage and turn out of sight , Nick turn and head past Rose and phil , he eye fixate on some object far away , there be only one word to describe how he look stoned on love inside plane , vada in her seat , she remove her seatbelt and open her backpack she find a little box which she open and find contain in it a note and a pair of earring , she look at the earring and then read the note vada' thought ( read note ) in memory of barbaric custom , Love Nick . this make vada extremely happy vada' thought life be full of barbaric custom , I just hope they all end with a kiss like that . as vada disembark , she make she way into the crowd of people wait to pick up other , Arthur be stand there wait , vada approach vada Arthur , where 's my dad ? arthur he take shelly to the hospital . vada be she okay ? arthur well , she be make a lot of noise . they exit the scene outside the hospital , arthur pull up and lets vada out vada get out of the car and run inside , make she way through corridor to the maternity ward , where Harry be wait vada dad ! vada and Harry hug each other vada what happen to shelly ? harry she just have a baby that 's all . vada ( excited ) we have a baby ? harry uh huh , a boy , you have get a new brother . vada can I see he ? harry you can do anything you want . you be he sister . hey , what 's on you ear ? vada enter the room where shelly be lying holding the baby vada shelly ? shelly hey ! oh look . vada he 's so tiny . shelly I know , look at he little hand . harry I be sorry I could not come pick you up honey . shelly I be push as fast as I could . vada do it hurt a lot ? shelly you have no idea . baby waaaaaaaaaah !!! shelly shhhh . vada let I hold he . shelly o.k. vada gently take the baby from shelly 's arm shelly maybe he 's wet ? harry maybe he 's hungry . vada he 's okay ... you just have to sing to he . " smile though you heart be aching , smile , even though it 's break , although a tear may be ever so near , that 's the time you must keep on try , smile , what 's the use of cry , you will find that life be still worthwhile , if you just smile . " outside , harry shelly vada and baby ( in pram ) be taking a walk vada' thought thing have not exactly calm down around here , I get a a + on the report , dad 's get use to my pierce ear and Nick 's come to visit this summer . other than that I be busy be a big sister . I would like to tell my brother about my mom , how I get to meet she friend and find out how special she be , I mean ... she may not have she footprint in cement but she definitely leave she imprint on the world ... and I tell they that even though it sound conceit ... she great achievement be I . vada , Harry , shelly and the baby cross the road and walk off down the sidewalk as the camera rise and the song " my girl " begin to play and the credit roll