" my mother dream the satan' disciple in new york " fade in : ext . south dakotan farm - day a lone farmhouse sit isolate against a prairie backdrop , silhouett by a marble dawn sky . int . farmhouse - day marian peterson , a gray-haire woman in she late sixty , meticulously pack a suitcase . she pick up a small , frame photo from a chest - of - drawer and hold it up to she . insert - photo it 's a picture of a man about marian 's age . he have a sweet nature smile on he face . marian look at it longingly , then pack it carefully in she suitcase between some sweater and close it up . ext . farmhouse - day a paint-chipped truck round the corner on a dirt road lead into the farm . marian , wait on the porch , ready to go , rise and wave . a few moment later - marian 's son , steve , dress in jeans and flannel shirt , load he mother 's single piece of luggage into the bed of the truck , climb back into the cab , where he mother be sit , and drive off . dissolve to : ext . the sky - day a jetliner descend in the hot , cerulean sky . dissolve to : ext . kennedy INTERNATIONAL - afternoon marian , look a little forlorn and out of sort , stand out by the taxi area with she suitcase on a tote , look around for a cab , unsure what to do . curbside - a few minute later mischa , a somewhat dissolute - look Russian cabbie in he thirty , roughhouses marian 's single piece of luggage into the dirty , cluttere trunk of he cab . int . taxi - day marian be sit in the back of the cab as mischa open the driver 's side door and slam it shut , rattling marian 's nerve . mischa ( brusquely ) where to ? marian be you sure you get my bag in ? mischa what do you think ? I leave it on the curb ? marian I be sorry , I be a little nervous . it 's my first time in New York . just a minute . marian fumble with a piece of paper she 's roote out of she purse . mischa , annoyed , slam the shift lever into drive and lurch off . marian lean forward into the rectangular open of the plexiglas partition . marian I want to go to 526 East 5 th . that 's in the East Village . my daughter say it would cost thirty dollar . in the rear - view mirror we glimpse mischa give marian a sly look . CUT to : ext . location - day the taxi pass on a turnpike , stream with vehicle , head toward Manhattan . drive - by transition . int . taxi - day hurtling along . marian crane she head through the partition and attempt to strike up a conversation with the surly cabbie . marian I come to New York to visit my youngest daughter . mischa and where be she ? marian she would have come to the airport to meet I - she want to - but ... but , she just start a new job and , well , I guess no one drive here . mischa so , you come here all by yourself ? marian uh , yes . my husband pass away recently ... mischa ... oh ... marian ... and the child think I should take a trip . mischa yeah . marian I be from South dakota . where be you from ? mischa Moscow . marian ohhh . do you know the East Village ? mischa oh , yeah ... yeah ... it 's a hellhole . marian ( disconcert ) you mean it 's dangerous ? mischa Nah , not dangerous . not that dangerous . ( beat ) not during the day . mischa chuckle as marian sit back in the cab . angle on marian - look out the window , she face cloud with consternation . ext . bridge - day Cars pour into Manhattan over one of the many bridge span the East River . CUT to : ext . east 5 th STREET and 2 nd avenue - day the cab brake to a halt , bring marian into the frame , she face strickened with fear . marian climb out of the cab as mischa , in the background , open the trunk to retrieve she bag . marian , take in the foreign surroundings , seem confuse about something . marian pardon I , mischa . be this 526 East 5 th Street ? mischa close the trunk and approach marian with she one piece of luggage on a tote . mischa no , no . sorry , I can not drive you to door . there 's a roadblock on Avenue B ... ( he gesture down the street ) right there ... marian be and mischa's p.o.v . - at the far end of the block , we see a movable , blue nypd roadblock . back - the two of they , marian look puzzle . mischa this be one - way street . you go down the block to the middle . marian ( point uncertainly ) this way ? mischa yeah . not far . you will be fine . ( beat ) it 's still day . he chuckle to himself , but marian do not get the joke . marian I see . how much ? mischa forty - five all total . marian forty-five ? I think it be only suppose to be thirty ? mischa thirty be base price . toll , tax , tip ... it all add up . marian unsnap she wallet and grudgingly hand the disreputable cabbie two twenty and a five . mischa take the money and start away . halfway back to he cab , he turn around and call out to marian , who stand freeze on the dilapidate street . mischa hey , lady . ( marian turn ) hold purse like this . mischa hug a imaginary purse close to he side . marian ape he advice in all seriousness . mischa ( nodd approval ) good luck . mischa climb back into he cab and peel off . new angle - high down wide of marian stand forlornly at the end of the street , a dayton 's shopping bag in one hand , she luggage strapped to the tote in the other . title be superimposed : my mother dream the satan' disciple in new york CUT to : ext . east 5 th STREET - day - a few minute later marian pull she luggage apprehensively down the street . she pass the squatter , a motley group of homeless teenager , pierce , tattooe , wild hairdos and even wilder attire . squatter # 1 hey , lady , can you help we out with some change today ? marian , shocked by they circumstance , roll she luggage past they , smile faintly . squatter # 2 come on . every little bit help . a little food , you know ? marian maybe some other time . squatter # 1 thanks a lot anyway . marian continue on . she 's distract by ... a woman in she thirty , who look like she have not sleep in a week , bent over the railing of a second - story fire escape balcony , in the throes of a veritable rage . woman in a rage you forget you fuck plant , you fuck asshole ! marian stare up at she , even more disconcert than ever . the enraged woman continue she tirade at a unseen old boyfriend below . woman in a rage and there 's a lot of other shit in there you forget . just wait there , I be go to go fuck get it for you , all right ? no , just wait there ! do you want I to go get it for you ? well , why do not I just do that , huh ? I be go to do that right now ! marian look away and , intrepid midwesterner that she be , push on . a man , dress strangely , stand surreally in the middle of the street , blow huge cloud of cigarette smoke . a gay couple parade past , laugh hysterically . new angle - at the end of the STREET - a pack of unmufflered , chrome - coruscate harley round the corner in a ear-shatter approach . marian - stop dead in she track and stare in heartstopp terror . across the STREET - the biker , wear they club 's color embroider on blue jeans , and leather , vest , back they motorcycle in a uniform row against the curb , kill they engine , park they at a angle on they kickstand , and dismount . they high - five a biker know as the disciple prospect , a small , mean-look man with a red bandana tie taut over he head , and then disappear into the windowless clubhouse , pass through a large , forbid , black door with the skeleton of death riding a motorcycle paint on it . the disciple prospect toss the butt of a cigarette into a rusted steel drum and flame erupt . marian - in horror , can not pry she eye away from they . new angle - a upstairs window on a six -story , red-brick co - op building . paula , marian 's daughter , a pretty woman with short dark hair , be lean out the window , wave . paula Mom ! hi ! I will be right down . ext . the front security door - a few moment later Paula emerge to greet she mother . marian glance one last time across the street and exchange oblique look with the disciple prospect , now park on a stool next to the burn drum . he seem to home in on she . int . CO - op - twilight - a few moment later a nice , one - bedroom co - op , tastefully furnish . Paula be unpack marian 's thing . marian stand in the middle of the apartment , feel relaxed , if still a bit shake , for the first time since she arrive . paula so , what do you think ? marian well , once you be inside , it 's nice . paula you do not like where I live ? marian walk over to the window and peer out . marian well , when I walk up the block , I ... well , my word ! paula that 's New York . it look rundown , but it 's safe during the day . you will get use to it . marian return she gaze to the view out the window . ext . STREET - twilight - marian be p.o.v . - out the window . two biker stand with they arm crisscross against they leather - vested chest , frame the burn drum on the sidewalk , guard the phalanx of harley . CUT to : int . CO - op - night - later Paula and marian be sit at the dining table . they be study one of that plastic laminate map of New York that you can buy everywhere . Paula be attempt to acquaint she mother with Manhattan 's complex public transportation system . paula you take the m - 15 bus all the way to ... 79 th Street . and then you take the crosstown bus to 5 th Avenue , and the Metropolitan Museum of Art be right there . you can not miss it . marian remove she glass and fix she gaze on she daughter . marian I want to ask you something . that motorcycle across the street ...? paula uh-huh ? marian ... what be they all do there ? paula that 's the Satan 's disciple ' New York headquarters . marian ( alarmed ) the motorcycle gang ? do not they deal drug and rape young girl ? paula I have never have any problem with they . people say it 's the safest block in the East Village . ( lay a reassure hand on she mother 's arm ) I just hope they motorcycle do not keep you up at night . CUT to : int . CO - op - night crane up to marian lie wide awake on a convertible sofa next to the street window . we ( marian ! ) hear voice , motorcycle revving , police siren , follow by what sound like gunfire , tire screeching , a cacophony of sound typical of summer night in the East Village . we go up and over marian toward the window as imaginary voice flood in and become intelligible . random voice ( o.s. ) do that shipment of heroin come in ? that old lady see they ? we can kill she if we have to . raucous laughter erupt . ext . STREET - night - montage a Kenneth anger Scorpio rising -like montage : a black - boot foot kick -start a harley . a gleam chrome exhaust pipe vibrate and spit smoke . a black - glove hand revs a handle - bar accelerator . a helmet be pull down over a hun-like face . flame roar in the steel drum as though a signpost in Hell . one of the disciple , bare - chest , long -haire , sweat , swing a baseball bat and call out to marian in a singsong voice : biker oh , marian ... another half - naked biker , arm tattooe up and down , have marian 's suitcase open and be scatter she belonging out into the street . he find the frame photo of she decease husband and toss it to the pavement . he raise he head slowly with a sneer and look up at ... marian - stand in the window in she nightgown , a hand cover she mouth , look down in utter terror on the fire - light tableaux of she nightmare . the biker on the STREET - start stomping on the photo with the heel of he boot , shatter the glass . then he remove the photo from the frame and slowly drop it into the roaring conflagration in the oil drum . the other dawdle disciple guffaw loudly . slam CUT to : int . CO - op - night marian wake with a start , consciousness give way to a sigh of relief . fade to : ext . CO - op build - day establishing shot of Paula 's red-brick co - op , splash with sunlight and frame by a bright blue sky . int . CO - op - day it 's quiet in the co-op . marian be dusting the bookshelve and hum to herself . behind a shelf of book she discover a photo envelope with some snapshot in they . curious , she have a look -see . snapshot - flipping through marian 's hand . they chronicle Paula and a boyfriend on a recent vacation to a Caribbean island . marian be amused by they ... until she come to one show Paula with she bathing suit top off , arm raise giddily in the air . marian - gasp , then blushes and quickly replace the picture . int . CO - op - day - later marian be at the window , peer through the furling curtain . ext . STREET - day - marian be p.o.v . - look down on the Satan 's disciple ' clubhouse . two biker and they girlfriend swagger out of the clubhouse , don they helmet , mount they bike , kick -start they to life and roar off down the street . marian - draw away from the window . she pick up she " streetwise Manhattan " laminate map , put she glass on , look at it , debate whether to tackle the street of New York or not . a few minute later - marian , determine now to get out of the co-op , pull she purse over she shoulder and grip it like the cabbie instruct . then she move to the front door , open it , and step warily out into the hallway . she freeze when she hear thundering footstep . int . hallway - day marian cower against the half - open door as a young man , wear fade jeans , black cowboy boot , and leather vest over a naked torso , come charge down the stair pull by a froth , pent - up bulldog on a leash . as he pass , marian retreat quickly back into she unit , close the door , and lock the lock from inside . CUT to : int . CO - op - night Paula be hang up she coat and set down she briefcase , a incredulous expression on she face , look at ... marian , sit in a chair by the window , leaf through a magazine . paula ( mildly rebuke ) you do not leave the house all day ? marian shrug . CUT to : ext . new york - dusk Manhattan skyscraper frame against a twilit sky . int . restaurant / bar - night marian and Paula be sit at the bar . they each have a glass of white wine in front of they . Paula be look at some photo of the farm that marian have bring along . marian would you look at that strawberry . they make the best jam . ( pass Paula the photo ) here be some more picture of the farm . crop be unbelievable this year . Paula continue to browse through the snap . marian plenty of rain . you dad would have be happy with that . marian remove a pill from a small vial she 's rummaged out of she purse and slip it discreetly into she mouth . marian I just can not seem to focus on anything this day . paula ( turn to she mother ) that 's why it 's good you come to visit I . marian ( wash she pill down with some wine ) how be you do sweetheart ? paula I be good . marian date anyone ? paula no , I be work too much , I do not have time . marian what about the fellow in that picture ? paula what picture ? marian you know ... ( raise both hand in the air ) ... whoops ! paula ( blush ) mother ! marian well , they be right out in plain view . paula behind the book . marian but I be dusting . paula ( reluctantly explain ) I be see Aaron and there be some ... complication . marian he seem quite take with you . paula I do not want to talk about it . marian ( hurt ) you know , you never tell I anything . paula that 's not true . ( lay a placate hand on she mother 's arm ) besides , I do not want you dusting . I want you to see New York . CUT to : ext . east 5 th STREET - night marian and Paula , arm - in - arm , walk down the block back to she building . a motorcycle round the corner , slow to a crawl , and one of the Satan 's disciple stare over at the two of they as if case they out . Paula will not look at he , but marian can not avert she gaze . dissolve to : int . CO - op - night marian lie awake in bed , the engine of the disciple ' harley deafen ... dissolve to : ext . satan' disciple ' clubhouse - night dolly across a line of idling harley , the biker , one at a time in succession , switch they single - beam headlight on . pan across the face of the disciple , mount on they cycle , dark helmet , fade blue jeans jacket embroider with elaborate stitching of they club 's insignia , cigarettes dangle from they hirsute mouth , baleful - look countenance , revving they engine loudly , tauntingly . new angle - from across the street , marian , appear like a apparition in she nightgown , surreally walk toward they , a beseech look on she face . marian Excuse I . could you please turn you motorcycle off ? they be so loud , I can not sleep . go to slow motion as the biker , some ten in number , slowly approach the frail - look marian . gently , they pick she up off the ground and raise she aloft . then , like some move human bier , they carry she through the forbid black door into they clubhouse . int . clubhouse - night we follow marian down a dark corridor lead into the bowel of the clubhouse . dissolve to : int . dream corridor - night at the end of another corridor , a man stand , silhouett against a explosion of blue light . as we near the ghostly figure , we realize it 's marian 's decease husband . there 's a gun shot . slam CUT to : int . CO - op - night marian wake with a start , clutching a hand to she breast . int . kitchen - a few moment later marian shake a valium out of a vial , put it into she mouth , swallow it with a drink of orange juice . fade to : int . paula' CO - op - the next day marian , not want to be a disappointment to she daughter , damn she fear , gather she purse up and start out the door . int . hallway - day marian be again prevent from a easy exit when a young , hip look couple come bound down the stair . as she stand at she open door to let they pass , they completely ignore she as if she do not exist . ext . east 5 th STREET - day - a few moment later see from marian 's perspective across the street , the front of the Satan 's disciple headquarters be quiet . there be only a couple harley park out front . marian , relieved that there be no biker out , hurry off in the direction of first Avenue , determine to see the sight of the city . dissolve to : ext . new york CITY - day - montage a giddy , almost dreamlike , montage of marian touring New York . she 's superimposed over famous landmark , as if she be stand stationery and the city be in a diorama rotate all around she . the Empire State Building ; Circle Cruise line ; eat a hot dog from a street vendor ; shopping at macy 's . marian beam as she be magically whisk along , walk on air . dissolve to : ext . east 5 th STREET - day marian come into the frame around the corner . she have a spring in she step and a broad smile emblazon she face . but she sanguine mood be quickly shattered when she hear shouting . she freeze in she track . across the STREET - the satan' disciple headquarters - the disciple prospect and another biker be rough up a teenage kid , wrestle he into submission . disciple prospect you be just chill , huh ? not on this block , do you understand ? marian - at the security door of Paula 's building . she rummages anxiously through she purse , but she can not find she key ! marian oh , no . marian glance across the street , she face tense with fear . across the STREET - the biker continue to roughhouse the kid . the disciple prospect brandish a plastic bag under he nose . disciple prospect what 's this , huh ? kid I be not get shit on I . disciple prospect what be that ? you be chill , man ? well , then maybe we need to warm thing up for you , man . how many time do we get to tell you ? you do not listen and you do not learn and that 's the problem . that be the problem . marian - turn away from the escalate violence across the street and punch one of the button on the intercom . a woman' voice crackle over it . woman' voice ( o.s. ) hello ? marian my daughter life here and I be she mother and I have lose my key . there 's no answer . marian hello ? hello ? marian return she frighten gaze to the altercation across the street . across the STREET - marian be p.o.v. two more disciple emerge from the clubhouse . one of they squirt lighter fluid on the fire burn in the steel drum and the flame explode . then kid be drag over toward the fire . the disciple prospect drag he dangerously close to the flame . disciple roast he ! kid ( scream ) all right all right all right . marian - petrify , as if she would step into a re-enactment of a passage out of revelation , walk briskly down to the middle of the block toward a pay phone . disciple clubhouse - the disciple kick the drug-deal teenager a couple more time , then set he free , laugh as he flee down the block in mortal fear . pay phone - marian drop the appropriate coin in the coin slot and dial a number from memory . marian ( quavery voice ) yes , be Paula there ? ... could you leave she a message , please ? tell she it 's urgent . ( gather herself ) her mother have lose she key and be strand on the street with the Satan 's disciple ... when she come back , would you tell she to come home as quickly as she can ? ... thank you . marian hang up the phone and turn , quail in terror . new angle - the disciple prospect be tower over she , stare down at she with a scowl on he face . marian oh , please , do not hurt I . disciple prospect I just need to use the phone , lady . marian oh , let I get out of you way then . disciple prospect what happen ? do you lose you key ? marian ( withdraw anxiously ) have a nice day . wide shot - marian walk quickly across the frame . as she exit right , the disciple prospect enter left and trail after she . ext . paula' build - day - a few moment later marian be at the front entrance , uncertain what to do . she quailss when the disciple prospect approach . without a word , he reach he arm over she and press a buzzer to one of the unit . woman' voice ( o.s. ) hello . disciple prospect wash machine repairman . the door buzy almost at once , and the disciple prospect push it in and hold it open until marian be safely inside . he look at she a little annoyed . marian be absolutely nonpluss . CUT to : int . CO - op hallway - later that day Paula come run up the stair . she stop when she sees : marian - sit on the floor , propped against the door to they unit . Paula shake she head reprovingly at she mother who just shrug , chagrine . int . CO - op - bathroom - night - later Paula be in the bathroom . she have she mother 's vial of valium in she hand . paula maybe you should lay low tomorrow . I be go to see if I can get off early and maybe we can take the ferry cruise . okay ? live room - marian be stand at the window look down on the street . ext . STREET - night - marian be p.o.v . the disciple be back they bike against the curb , parking they , and filing into the clubhouse . bathroom - Paula dispense the remain pill into the palm of she hand . paula ( to herself ) Three leave . live room - marian look apprehensively down at the disciple ' headquarters , stupefy . Paula emerge from the bathroom in the background . marian do not turn to acknowledge she . she continue to stare transfix at the bike and the fire-burn oil drum . paula ( softer ) okay ? do that sound like a plan ? marian do not answer . Paula stand some distance from she distract mother , a worried expression feature on she face . fade to : int . CO - op - day look through the security eyepiece , a fish - eye lens shot of a attractive , but distraught woman in she twenty , puffing a cigarette , eye red and swollen from cry . marian who be it ? marika it 's marika . be Paula there ? marian she 's at work . I be she mother . marika oh . I think today be Saturday . marian , seemingly reassure , open the door for she . she see marika , realize she 's upset about something , and feel immediately compassionate toward she . marika I be sorry . I have a wretch night . marian oh . you need a cappuccino . and she let marika in . int . CO - op - day - a few minute later they be sit at the dining table , have coffee . marian be listen sympathetically to marika 's tale of woe . marika and there be this number on my phone bill that I do not recognize . call make at three and four in the morning . so , I call the number ... and a woman answer . and I ... I hang up . ( lean forward ) so , then I follow he . just like in the movie . and I find out that he have a wife and a little girl live in Brooklyn . we have be go together for almost a year . marian ( shaking she head in disgust ) Men ... they be all the same . ( beat ) we pastor in sioux Falls be catch with he wife 's sister . marika ( brighten ) really ? marian oh , it be such a big scandal . marika what happen ? marian poor man have to leave town . ( marika laugh ) and I hear that other woman come forward . this make marika laugh even harder . marian 's story seem to have assuage she own grief in some parallel way . marian you know , you ought to come out to South dakota some time and meet my son , Steve . he 's single . marika what do he do ? marian he 's a organic farmer . marika ( chuckle ) oh. well , that would be a ... change . ( smile warmly ) thank you , Mrs. Peterson . you have a very reassure voice . the disciple 's motorcycle growl off screen , interrupt they tête -à- tête . marian and marika both rise simultaneously from the table and amble over to the window together . marika I wish they would not come and go in pack , then they would not be so loud . they reach the window . ext . STREET - day - marian' and marika' p.o.v. the disciple dismount from they bike below , shutting down they engine and remove they helmet . int . CO - op - day at the window , marian and marika stand side by side . marian I wonder what they do in there ? do not they frighten you ? they all look so ... marika ... manly ? marian do a double - take and throw a backward glance at marika . marika you know , probably none of they have a mother like you . marian and marika smile at each other . CUT to : ext . east 5 th STREET - day marian 's foot step off the curb . wider angle - marian cross the street head in the direction of the Satan 's disciple headquarters . the disciple prospect be sit alone , guard the line of park harley . he 's wear dark aviator shade and he trademark red bandana tie over he head . marian step bravely right up to he . marian Excuse I , sir . ( the disciple prospect look up , poker - face ) I just want to thank you for help I get into my building yesterday . disciple prospect yeah , sure , no problem , you be welcome . marian my daughter life across the street from you people and she tell I that you keep this area safe . be that true ? disciple prospect we like to think so , yeah . marian and you do not deal drug ? the disciple prospect remove he sunglass and look at she mock reprovingly . disciple prospect who tell you we deal drug ? marian I be just concerned about my daughter . disciple prospect you do not have to worry . she 's go to be fine . we be law -abide citizen just like you . marian what about yesterday ? kick that poor boy ? disciple prospect ( mildly annoyed ) that poor boy 's a crack dealer from alphabet City . we do not allow he kind on this block . marian seem to accept the explanation . she glance up . the clubhouse door - the black , forbid door lead into the clubhouse with its painting of death on a stylize harley , grip lightning bolt for handlebar . disciple prospect - look at marian look up at the door . disciple prospect be there something else I can do for you ? marian well , I would love to see inside you club . disciple prospect ( take aback ) you want to come inside ? marian well , if you be not hold a meeting or anything . ext . clubhouse entrance - day - a few moment later the disciple prospect emerge from the club with the head disciple , a gentle giant of a man with a long , flow wispy beard and a old man 's paunch . they be mutter about something . disciple prospect her daughter life across the street and she be wonder ... head disciple what ? disciple prospect she 's curious ... the head disciple glance over at marian stand curbside , expectantly await approval . he see that she 's ingenuous . head disciple what the hell ... ( call out to marian ) come on in . marian , smile , come forward . head disciple ( point to the step lead up to the door ) you watch you step here . and the three disappear inside . int . satan' disciple ' clubhouse - day the hallway lead into the clubhouse be dark and gloomy . rock music assail they as they make they passage into the main room . clubhouse MAIN room - they reach the main room where about ten or so disciple be loung about . one have he nose in a book , the Road less traveled . another read the Wall Street Journal . two other be seat at a card table , play a game of poker . still another be sprawle on a couch , smoking a cigarette . the wall be festoon with biker poster . the place be a bit of a mess , but innocuous . the head disciple stand in the center of the room and address he clan . head disciple hey , guy . this here be , uh ... he turn to marian , realize he do not know she name . marian ( meekly ) marian . head disciple ( booming voice ) marian ! a chorus of voice hi , marian . hey , marian . yo , marian . marian blushes at they warm response to she unexpected appearance . head disciple ( explain she visit ) marian 's daughter life across the street and she be a little worried about she . disciple # 1 swear to God , lady , she 's not here . laughter erupt . marian smile . disciple # 2 hey , be she cute ? disciple # 3 do she like motorcycle ? disciple # 4 can she cook ? amiable laughter fill the room . marian laugh with they . she glance all around she , fascinate by this dungeon she have dream and fantasize about since she first arrive in New York . marian you know , this be not so bad . it look like we kid ' room when they be grow up . insert shot - of overflow ashtray , crush beer can , fast food wrapper ball up and strewn on table . back - to marian , she brow knitted thoughtfully in a schoolmarmish expression . marian could use some clean . insert shot - of several of the disciple ' face , turn to she in slow motion with mock baleful look of disapprobation . there's a beat , then ... CUT to : int . clubhouse - day - montage a montage , with abbreviate scene dissolving one into another of marian supervise a thorough , top -to-bottom clean of the clubhouse : one disciple spray easy - off in a blacken oven . another empty ashtray . yet another vacuum . still other pick up wrapper from under the couch , while marian wag a reproving finger at they . one disciple toss the content of a ashtray under the couch while marian be not look . dissolve to : int . clubhouse - day - montage continuing - later marian in the kitchen , wear the cut - off blue jeans insignia jacket of the Satan 's disciple , they color emblazon on the back . she pop the top on a can of beer and pour some of it into a huge pot of chili she 's stir over a stove , while the disciple sit patiently in the background at a bar await the food . marian try a sip of the beer and some of the disciple smile approvingly . a few moment later - marian ladle chili into all of they bowl in a series of jump cut . dissolve to : int . clubhouse - day - still later all the disciple be huddle around marian in the middle of the clubhouse , as if she be the mother hen , arm fold across they chest , smile crease they face , sate . marian well , I would better be go . it be nice meeting all of you . disciple # 1 thanks , marian . chorus of other disciple thanks , marian . disciple # 2 the food be outstanding . marian start off . head disciple you know , if we can do anything for you , marian , you just let we know . marian ( turn , consider for a moment ) well , there be one thing . ( beat , mildly scolding ) at night , you motorcycle be so darn loud , I be not get much sleep . now , I be go home in a few day , so ... could I ask you to keep they quiet ? some of the disciple exchange petulant look , roll they eye at the request . head disciple ( mollify ) well , we will , uh , see what we can do , marian . all the disciple break into laughter . marian thank you . CUT to : ext . build - day a narrow , stand - alone ten-story isoscele - shape office building , on a island of land in downtown Manhattan . establishing shot . int . office - day Paula , with she mother in tow , knock on a open office door . paula hello . new angle - don palmer , a avuncular- look man in he mid-forty rise from he desk . mr. palmer come in . Paula and marian enter the office and halt mid-room across from he desk . paula Don , this be my mother . ( turn to marian ) Mom , this be my boss , Don palmer . marian ( enthusiastically ) oh , it 's so nice to meet you . mr. palmer we be very glad to have you daughter work for we . marian ( blurt out ) I meet the Satan 's disciple today . mr. palmer ( chuckle nervously ) really ? paula mother , I ... marian ( wave she daughter off ) my daughter life right across the street from the Satan 's disciple ' clubhouse , and I be so worried about she ... so , I go over and introduce myself . and they be the nicest people . Paula and Mr. palmer exchange disquieting glance . mr. palmer ( play along ) well , that 's a very unusual New York experience . marian I have a wonderful time . Paula be in a mild state of shock hearing she mother 's fantastical anecdote . CUT to : int . CO - op - night Paula be sit at the dining table with a plate pile with roast chicken , potato , and broccoli in front of she . she have a worried look etched on she face . marian be in the kitchen in the background , feel light and happy , a singsong quality to she voice . she bring a plate of food for herself to the table . marian and they be so friendly that young man . though I do think they should shave they beard and ... and get some nicer clothes . marian sit down at the table and take a sip of she wine , pick up she utensil and get ready to dig in . she turn to Paula who be not touch she food , she head in she hand . marian , seemingly oblivious of she daughter 's feeling , prattles on . marian what do you say ... we take a subway uptown and see a play tonight ? marian finally notice that Paula be not listen . marian what 's wrong ? paula Mom ... I mean , it 's amusing to imagine such a thing , but ... how many of that pill have you be take ? marian ( stung , take aback ) oh , that have nothing to do with it . paula no , no , it 's my fault . I have be push you too hard to do thing on you own . marian retreat into herself , sip she wine - as if she , herself , now wonder if she 's lose she mind - and she buoyant mood deflate almost at once . paula the , um , other night , I get up to get a glass of water and you be stand by the window talk to daddy . I call out to you , but you do not answer . you remember ? marian do not remember , and she daughter 's word pierce she . she 's afraid to object . paula New York be a ... it 's a strange place in the summertime . the noise , the warm air , it 's ... easy to imagine thing . Paula lay a reassure hand on marian 's arm , talk to she condescendingly , as if she be a child . paula now , you know you do not go into the clubhouse , do you ? marian do not bother to argue , fear anything she might say would compromise she . paula ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . dad 's die put a lot of stress on you . but you be go to be all right . we be all go to be all right . where do you get this vivid imagination , huh ? Paula grip marian 's arm a little tighter and shake it gently as if snap she back to reality . marian return she a tight - lipped smile . fade out . int . CO - op - night marian , lie supine on the convertible sofa bed by the open window , snore peacefully . ext . east 5 th STREET - night on the sidewalk , the disciple prospect sit next to the fire breathe oil drum , stand sentry over the harley . one of the disciple come out of the clubhouse and they high five . the disciple mount he harley and be about to kick start it to life , when the disciple prospect rise from he stool . disciple prospect yo , man ! the disciple about to start he bike , turn . the disciple prospect raise two finger to he lip in a kind of warning , then gesture up to Paula 's co - op where marian be sleep . the disciple , remember the new rule , nod assent with a slightly annoyed expression . then , he put he harley into neutral , dismount , and start slowly walk it down the quiet , ill - light street . int . CO - op - night the room be cast in soft ambient light from the street . Paula come into the live room and lie down next to she mother on the sofa bed and rouse she awake . marian swim leadenly back to consciousness . paula Mom , I need to talk to you . marian ( still drowsy ) if it 's about the biker , dear , I do not want to talk about it . paula no , I have a dream about daddy . do you think I will ever meet anyone like he ? marian oh , I hope so , dear . paula you know that guy in the picture you see ? marian Aaron ? paula yeah ... turn out to be a real jerk . marian I be sorry . marian pat she daughter on the arm . Paula prick up she ear for a minute . paula it 's unusually quiet tonight , be not it ? marian mm hmm . fade to : ext . central park - day a lovely , sun -drench day . shadows dapple a promenade along one of the park 's many pond . Paula and marian walk arm - in arm . paula I think you should consider come out and stay with I longer . marian oh , I do not want to be in the way . you have get you career and everything . paula you would not be in the way . I like have you around . marian dear , I be think . why do not we go to Paris next year ? I have never be . you father , God bless he , be not much for travel . paula I would love to . they walk off into the golden light . CUT to : int . CO - op - day marian be finish up she pack . Paula come from the kitchen , bear a gift for she mother to take home with she . paula here you go . ( marian accept the gift ) I think you should talk to Dr. byrne when you get back about how much valium he 's prescribe . okay ? marian at my age , I be go to take any pill that make I feel better . paula mother ! marian I can make my own decision . Paula extend she arm and embrace she mother . paula I love you , mom. ( turn to leave ) I have to run . you remember to call the limousine service , right ? marian mm hmm . paula ( pull on she backpack ) well , bye . and have a safe trip ... and ... Paris in the spring ! marian ( pensive ) Goodbye , sweetheart . Paula blow she mother a kiss and marian throw she daughter a little wave . CUT to : ext . east 5 th STREET - day marian step down the stair of she daughter 's building . a smile break out on she face when she sees : a motorcade - of idling harley in the middle of the street , wait for she . marian - turn to the head disciple , materialize behind she , carry she luggage . he gesture with he head toward the motorcycle . the middle of the STREET - the disciple prospect take marian 's luggage from the head disciple and haul it over to one of the wait harley and strap it on to the carry rack . then , he help marian onto the back of the harley she 's go to be riding to the airport . gently , he place a helmet - festoon with decal of fire - breathe reptile - over she head and affix the chin-strap . disciple prospect all right ? marian nod and beam at the same time . the other harley form a circle around marian 's motorcycle . the disciple prospect give they a signal and they start off , one by one , form a V -shape procession . marian , completely comfortable on she motorcycle , she arm around she disciple escort , she fever dream now manifest . crane up as the procession head down East 5th . white out -