my name be bruce screenplay by Mark verheiden ext . sawville - dusk OPEN on green hill , hide under mysterious swathes of ground fog . there 's a eerie quiet as the sun sink and the shadow lengthen ... pan down to a '' welcome to sawville , population 2649 '' sign . the city 's motto , '' we come , we saw , we prosper '' scroll over a cartoon image of a sawmill . suddenly , a entire 12 pack of egg splat the sign , yolk drip as we hear metal music and a kid whooping over the roar of a pick - up truck . int . pick - up - night in the truck , two teenager ( clayton and jeff ) roar down a back road . Jeff , wear a evil dead tee shirt , be drive . as they approach a row of rural mail box , Clayton , sport a John deere cap , finish a beer , toss the empty and grab a baseball bat from behind the driver 's seat , notice a pile of dvd and comic book . clayton think I tell you to ditch all this monster movie stuff . jeff what 's wrong with it ? clayton sheesus , Jeff ... as they pass the mailbox Clayton lean out the window and swing , smash the box and send plume of letter into the air . clayton ( cont ’d ) mail 's in ! ( back to Jeff ) ..+.- when be you go to grow up ? I be try to get you laid , but how 's that go to happen when first thing the chick see be ... ( grab dvd ) ( more ) ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 2. continued : clayton ( cont 'd ) .»+. some piece of shit star '' Bruce Campbell '' ... jeff what do you say ...? ext . road - night Jeff suddenly slam on the brake and the truck fishtail to a stop , dust wash up over the cab . int . pick - up as Clayton lurch forward then back , Jeff glare he . jeff take it back . clayton what ? jeff Bruce Campbell be the great actor of he generation ! clayton you be kid , right ? ( go through box ) '' mindtrap ? '' '' alien apocalypse ? '' '' cavealien ? '' jeff ( defensive ) shut up ! that 's a good one ! Clayton flip the box , dramatically read the blurb . clayton '' Bruce Campbell be Lt. Jack stryker , a rogue clone - warrior and mankind 's last hope against the deadly cavealien . '' jeff yeah ? so ? clayton dude , forget thumb , Ebert would not wipe he crack with this trash ! Jeff grab the dvd away from he , angry . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 3 . continued : jeff get out of the truck . clayton whoa , slow down ... jeff you do not like Bruce , you walk . clayton I love Army of darkness ! jeff everybody love that one ! ( anger abate ) but ... all right . clayton ( a * whew * ) now , could we please go get laid ? Jeff begrudgingly put the truck into gear , headlight stabbing the shadow as they careen down the dusty road . ext . old chinese graveyard - dusk time pass and the truck 's headlight wash across the dilapidate arch of a old graveyard . as the truck roll through the arch , pan across another old , half -rotted sign identify this new location cryptically with some paint asian character , along with a few break English word of warning : pro ecte fo that wh die . bewa E hose without ean urd . ( " protected for that who die . beware that without bean curd . '' ) as headlight stab the moonlit darkness , Jeff 's pick -up smashes over the sign and skid to a stop . pull out to reveal a dilapidated chinese graveyard , nestle in the shadow of a tall hill . rotted stick with fade chinese character jut from the ground . barely visible somewhere in the background be a long abandon mine - shaft , barely visible in the mountainside . after a moment , jeff step out of the truck , flashlight in hand . the beam dance through the darkness and across the grave marker , some tag with wisp of tatter cloth , other break and jag . as Jeff move up to one of the marker , stare at it ... ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 4 . continued : someone suddenly grab he from behind ! Jeff jump up with a scream and turn he light , revealing little debbie . a creepy teenage goth chick with multiple piercing and heavy mascara . little debbie you scream like a girl . next to she loom another teenager , big debbie . she 's real big , well over six foot . they car 's park nearby , hide by the darkness . little debbie ( cont ’d ) ( eying grave ) come on , Big Debbie . l let 's check it out . the debby exchange excited '' let 's check it out ! '' look and bolt to explore the graveyard . jeff who be they ? clayton Big Debbie and Little Debbie . from the Apple Festival . jeff I think they blow we off . clayton they blow you off , '' evil Dead . '' ( nod at goth girl ) when I tell the mascara Queen about this old boneyard she practically dry-hump I on the spot . jeff she 's kind of cute . Clayton notice Jeff 's anxious / horny look . clayton do not worry , hard - on . morticia 's all yours . ( eye on Big Debbie ) I be go human fly on that skyscraper . as they follow the girl into the graveyard , goth '' Little Debbie '' hesitates , look across the stone . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 5 . continued : ( 2 ) clayton ( cont ’d ) the grave have not be touch in year . we be all alone out here . little debbie ( reverent ) it look ancient . historic . this place must have mean a lot to this people . suddenly Little Debbie gleefully kick down a grave marker . little debbie ( cont ’d ) let 's break something ! jeff as long as it 's not my heart . Jeff make he move on goth Little Debbie . he 's do a faux Bruce Campbell riff , but Little Debbie , stomping apart ancient grave marker , could not care less . jeff ( cont 'd ) what do you say ? gimme some sugar , baby . little debbie what ? Jeff get in front of she . work it . jeff come on . we can dance the '' hard to get '' all night , but if this game 's call eye-tag ... Jeff take Little Debbie in he arm , stare with smolder Campbell - esque intensity into she eye . jeff ( cont 'd ) .-»- you lip say I be '' it . '' Little Debbie stare at he , almost like she 's succumb , then she suddenly spit she gum in he face . as it bounce off he nose , Jeff release Little Debbie and she run across the graveyard . jeff ( cont 'd ) mmm. juicy fruit . as the girl move off , laugh and throw '' you freak '' look at Jeff , Clayton lean close to Jeff . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 6 . continued : ( 3 ) clayton smoooooth , '' brucie . '' Clayton take off across the old graveyard with the debby , laugh as they vandalize more chinese grave . Jeff just stand there , struggle to maintain he Campbell - esque cool . jeff you loss , baby . you loss ... grumpy , Jeff pick up he flashlight and continue across the graveyard , stumbling toward a old mine shaft . Broken timber surround a landslide of boulder that have completely block the entrance . as he flashlight wash across the rock , something glisten . Jeff turn , like he want to tell the other he 's find something , but in the graveyard all he can see be flicker of flashlight , dance across the darkness , and distant , mock voice . clayton ( 0.s. ) ( distant ) '' here lie hung Far low , he dig too deep , no low no-mo ... '' as laughter ring across the old graveyard , Jeff kneel and grab at the shiny object , pull . it 's jamme in tight , some sort of shiny amulet . while Clayton and the girl continue to yell in the darkness , Jeff pull harder , really put himself into it , finally yanking the amulet free . as Jeff roll back on he ass , camera push through the small hole into the avalanche of rock ... int . cave - night camera zoom in through the rock -slide , around wet cave wall , past a break human skull , until it close on dark red circle . it might just be a strange formation in the rock , until two red demonic eye suddenly OPEN . verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 7 . ext . old chinese graveyard Jeff back away from the rock wall , study the amulet with he flashlight as he move back into the graveyard . closer examination show some fade chinese etching in the metal , and a glower demonic face . jeff groovy . suddenly , Jeff hear the faint rumble of fall rock just behind he . surprise , Jeff turn and shine he light on the face of the mine shaft . a few pebble and a puff of dust roll down . do not look like much , and after watch for a second , Jeff shrug and look back toward the graveyard . jeff ( cont 'd ) hey -- ! out of focus , behind Jeff , more rock move as something seem to be claw free from the rubble . Jeff turn , he eye go wide as the rock rumble free and there 's a awful , unearthly roar . jeff ( cont 'd ) oh christ shit !! terrify , Jeff bolt , tucking the talisman in he pocket as he scramble toward the graveyard . hear Jeff 's cry , Clayton ( he hand clamp firmly on Big Debbie 's boob ) and the two girl look over , assume it 's a prank . clayton Son of a ... jeff holy jesus crapping hell !! run for you live !!! as Jeff race by , a oblivious Clayton continue to fondle Big Debbie . clayton wha ... suddenly a sword swooshes across frame . blood sprays . stun , Big Debbie look down at the hand still clutching she boob , and realize it 's be ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 8. continued : chopped off at the wrist ! as she scream , the mystic blade suddenly slashes across she throat , blood gush from the wound . jeff race toward the pick - up as Big Debbie 's scream stop . suddenly something large and bloody fly over he head , crashing with a gooey splat against the back of the truck . as Jeff run up , he flashlight find Little Debbie 's break , bloody body lie in a heap . stick of juicy fruit spilling from she coat pocket . jeff shit !!! int . pick - up - night scare , Jeff jump into the truck , fumble for the key . he fire it up , engine roaring , reach for the gearshift when clayton stagger to the window , smear the glass with blood gush from he severe arm , clearly in shock . clayton do not leave I , man ! jeff ahhhh !!!! there 's another unearthly roar from the release demon . terrify , Jeff punch it . as the truck tear gravel , a scared Jeff look in the rearview and see clayton staggering in the dust , illuminate by the truck 's red tail light . as Clayton stagger , arm gush blood , a large figure surround by swirl , windswept robe , raise a sword ... in the truck Jeff can not look as he drive crazily , Bruce Campbell dvd 's slide around on the seat ... int . soundstage ( ext . wood ) - night tight on Bruce Campbell , shouting into the darkness . bruce hold it right there ! ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 9 . continued : for a instant , we think Bruce be yell at Jeff . but then we pull back , revealing that Bruce be wear some quasi-futuristic coverall ( cave patrol patch on the shoulder ) and he 's yell at petra , a sultry blonde with a thick Russian accent , wear the same uniform . petra vat 's wrong vith you , stryker ? we have get the cavealien cornere ! ( '' cavealien '' be pronounce as one word . ) pull back to reveal Bruce and petra stand out a cave open , totally unlike the mine shaft at the beginning . bruce so transmit the scan up to Delta - Baker , plant some bio-blaster and send out for chinese . you Colonial jarhead can handle the shake and bake . petra col . packer 's still trap down there ! Bruce throw a sarcastic look toward the cave . bruce knew there be a reason I get up this morning . petra you bastard ! bruce hey ! last time I see packer he try to put I in front of a fire squad ! petra slap Bruce across the face . petra coward ! I should have leave you on regula nine ! as she swing to slap he again , Bruce catch she hand . bruce we both know you could not do that . petra do not pull away . her expression say she know Bruce be right . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 10 . continued : ( 2 ) petra I still can not believe a loser like you vas clone from one of my dead husband 's cell . bruce that 's right , baby . they build I out of you old man 's DNA . so how about we share a little , mouth to mouth ? petra you be dees-gust . bruce I be aman . and I have be want to do this ever since we land on this rock . as Bruce kiss she , petra reluctantly , then enthusiastically accept he kiss . the erotic moment interrupt by a gurgle noise off screen . petra what the -- Bruce whip out he '' blaster . '' bruce dammit ! they be all around we ! petra throw a sarcastic look at Bruce . petra vook like you get to play soldier - boy after all ! a gelatinous monster suddenly appear behind petra , rubbery tendril flail . Bruce aim he futuristic blaster and fire a sparky blast into the beast . hit , the monster ejaculate a great spew of alien goo . a gout hit Bruce in the face and he react with disgust , then surprise as more and more alien glop geyser from the monster 's wound . bruce je-sus h ... Bruce raise he hand to fend off the ridiculous amount of '' alien blood . '' ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 11 . continued : ( 3 ) bruce ( cont 'd ) easy on the ichor ! I think we get the point ! director okay , cut ! pull back to reveal the cave be actually a low budget movie set for the movie cavealien ( cave -alien ) 2 . the director , a young guy with a boyish attitude and glass a half inch thick , walk onto the set as Bruce cough up the last of the alien goo . director ( cont 'd ) that be ace , Bruce . Nice work . the myopic director keep walk , run head first into a fake tree . he bounce back , like this happen all the time . bruce ( wiping off goo ) you do not think it be a little over the top ? the director blink behind he thick glass . director it 's cavealien 2 . bruce that 's not a answer . director do you see cavealien 1 ? as the director move on , Bruce notice a overweight male p.a. stand by craft service . bruce hey , tiny . fetch I a lemon water , will ya ? the p.a. grab a bottle from a nearby cooler and quickly pass it over . Bruce give the bottle a glance and toss it back at the p.a. , annoyed . bruce ( cont 'd ) lemon . le-mon. ( as p.a. hesitates ) let 's go , jumbo ! ondelay , ondelay ! ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 12 . continued : ( 4 ) the annoyed p.a. move off toward a craft service cart as petra come up . Bruce continue to '' drip '' goo through - out this scene . bruce ( cont 'd ) hey , baby , nice work . on a show this down and dirty , it 's a relief to be work with a professional . even out of character , petra have the Russian accent . petra ( wither ) I vould not know . Bruce raise he hand , '' take it easy '' style , accidentally spattering she with goo . bruce easy , Quick - draw . we be both on the same page . petra veally . bruce sure , baby . low budget show like this be just a detour . a quick cash infusion while scorsese and spielberg be warming up we chair . petra who ? Bruce blink . bruce sound like you could use a little filmmake 101 . lucky for you , the Professor be in . ( seductive ) I know this little bar off cahuenga where the drink be cheap and the barmaid be cheaper ... brrring . petra get a call on she cell . she take it , cut Bruce off in mid-sentence . petra hullo ? vhy yes ! ( eying Bruce ) ( more ) ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 13 . continued : ( 5 ) petra ( cont 'd ) no , you be not ee-nterrupting anything . as petra wander off , coo into she phone ... bruce ( call after she ) think it over ! Bruce look out across the location , hand on he hip , '' in charge '' , as the d.p. adjust the lens on the camera . bruce ( cont 'd ) Jimmy . I be think we should go with a ' 50 for this next shot . d.p. get one up you ass ? bruce ( consider , then ) maybe a ' 75 ? as Bruce continue to '' consider '' lens choice , tiny the angry p.a. be stand to one side , grin evilly as he pee lemon-green urine into a empty '' lemon Water '' bottle . off this ... ext . soundstage - night Bruce , dress in gaudy civilian clothes as shoot wrap for the day , exit the soundstage , only to find himself suddenly surround by a gaggle of devote fan . practically wetting themselves in Bruce 's presence . geek central . no girl . not in the mood for a fan encounter , Bruce force a want smile as he wade through they . fan Bruce ! Mr. Campbell ! ash ! always prepare , Bruce whip out a stack of 8 x 10 's and start deal they out like a poker player . bruce here ya go , one for you , one for you , Holy mother of God what 's that smell -- as the fan in front of Bruce cluelessly sniff he own armpit , Bruce reach in he pocket and hand he a stick of right Guard . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 14 . continued : bruce ( cont 'd ) it 's call deodorant . look it up on you '' internet . '' ( pass more photo ) do not worry , I have get enough for all you little troll ... a fan in a wheelchair roll up and Bruce hand he a photo . the wheelchair fan thrust it right back , mega - demand . wheelchair fan Mr. Campbell ! Mr. Campbell ! how about a autograph ? the wheelchair fan hold out Bruce 's 8 x 10 , but there 's no pen . wheelchair fan ( cont 'd ) what , no pen ? Bruce roll he eye and slide out a pen , scrawling he signature . wheelchair fan ( cont 'd ) say cheese ! before Bruce can answer , he 's blind by a flash . bruce gahhhh ! wheelchair fan how about five buck for the bus ? blink , he eye clear , Bruce glare at the kid . bruce ever hear the theme from '' rawhide ? '' wheelchair fan huh ? Bruce lift he foot and give the fan 's wheelchair a shove , send he roll backward down the sidewalk . bruce '' keep they doggy rollin 's ... '' as Bruce continue ahead , he 's trail by the fan and pepper with more inane question . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 15 . continued : ( 2 ) second devote fan when you be trap in the pit in army of darkness , how do you get you shotgun ? third devote fan when you kiss '' ellen '' do it turn you gay ? FOURTH devote fan how much wood could a woodchuck chuck ? bruce who care , absolutely not and three cubic board foot ... ( shove through ) gotta run , boy , I be late for a soiree . Bruce maneuver around to he car , a batter Ford Pinto . as he slide in and slam the door , the fan continue to assail he with inane question , one of they even get in front of the car . Bruce gun it anyway , plow right into the guy , who shout he question even as he 's tumble across the hood ... devote fan Mr. Campbell , Mr. Camp ... ( womp ! he 's hit ! ) ...bellahhhh ... as Bruce roar off , we can see he fan run after he ( or , in the case of the one who 's be hit , stumbling and clutching he injure leg ) , shouting more question ... devote fan ( cont ’d ) Mr. campowww , Mr. campowww ... ext . musso and franks - night Hollywood Blvd . Bruce scream up to the uniformed valet in he Pinto , toss the valet he key . bruce Park she close , chief . this will not take long . verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 16 . int . musso and franks - night Bruce enter the busy restaurant , face sour as he look for someone . as he pass the bar , the bartender shoot he a know look . bruce gimme a bourbon with a load revolver back . Bruce continue into the restaurant itself , spot mill toddner sit alone at a table , talk on he cell - phone and flipping through the trade . as Bruce walk up , he point at the variety . bruce ( cont 'd ) hear I make the trade today . mill really ? bruce yeah . my career 's in the obituary . Mills close he phone and rise , laugh at Bruce 's '' joke '' , give he a big Hollywood hug and kiss . mill give I some sugar , baby . as Bruce disdainfully accept the hug ... mill ( cont 'd ) ( be : phone ) that be the studio . they be crazy over the daily from cavealien 2 . Said you have never be better . bruce I speak English . in they world that make I meryl banana-sucking streep . the bartender arrive at the table and put a huge tumbler of bourbon in front of Bruce . bartender will that be cash , Mr. Campbell ? ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 17 . continued : bruce no . my agent Mr. toddner will be pick this one up . Mills 's frown suggest he clearly be not plan on buy , but what the hell . as Bruce guzzle he drink ... mill why not . it 's special occasion . bruce yeah . the night I finally fire you polyester ass . mill brucie ! why all the hostility ? bruce I be just get warm up . and do not give I that innocent look ! I have just spend six day of my life make a sequel to one of the worst movie ever make ! mill you have make worse . ( that do not help ! ) come on . the customer review on amazon be great ! bruce the one I post ! Bruce polish off he drink , wince at the burn , as Mills motion for he to sit . mill Park it , b.c. , unload . that 's why I be here . bruce it 's just ... I feel like I be lose my muse . Mills blink , a '' oh God , not this again '' expression . mill say what ? bruce the innocent , child - like quality all great artist tap to '' create '' ... ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 18 . continued : ( 2 ) while Bruce pontificate , Mills wearily motion for another drink , spread he finger to indicate he have like a double . bruce ( cont 'd ) they say a actor 's life be like a painting , a work in progress , but how can I create my masterpiece when my paint 's drying up , my canvas be crack and my brushes be coat in fake monster blood . Mills bring back he game face as Bruce finish . mill it 's deborah , be not it ? bruce no. mill it 's be almost a year since you divorce . bruce I say no . mill you need to put she out of you mind . bruce if I say '' no '' three time will the candyman come out ?! ( slide back ) screw this . you be fire when I walk in and you be twice as fire now ... as Bruce slide back , get ready to leave ... mill leave now , you will never know what I get you for you birthday . the moment of actual sentiment catch Bruce off guard . bruce my birthday ? you actually remember ? mill how could I forget ? you be my numero uno client ! ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 19 . continued : ( 3 ) bruce if this be another Matthew perry movie ... mill better . bruce give I a hint . mill I think you be fire I . bruce goddamn it , Mills ! mill let 's just say it 's go to be the best birthday you have ever have . ( snap finger ) garcon ! bring Mr. Campbell another highball ! and pretzel all around ! tonight we celebrate ! off Bruce sorely tempt , easily sucker by Mills 's offer of a snazzy birthday present ... ext . musso and franks - night Mills and Bruce exit together , Bruce three - sheet drunk and stumbling while Mills continue to console he . bruce ( slurring ) happy birthday ... to I ... happy birthday ... to muhhhh ... Bruce grab mill 's face with both hand , squeezing it . bruce ( cont 'd ) I wuv you , man . mill ( '' I know you do . '' ) uh ow ah ou . Bruce release Mills as Mills 's porsche boxster come up . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 20 . continued : mill ( cont 'd ) enjoy what you have get , Bruce . you know how many wannabe olivier would quick - lime they grandmother for a career like yours ? sloppy drunk and emotional , Bruce lunge at Mills again , try to squeeze he face . bruce would ‘ou be my grandmama ? mill no . but thanks for the offer . Mills manage to duck he this time and duck into he car . as Mills pull out , Bruce motion to the valet , who trot off to get Bruce 's car . bruce maybe he 's right . Hell , I ama lucky fella . I have get my health ... ( rack cough ) ... je - sus ... my divorce be almost final ... ( get angry ) ... lousy whore ... ( revving up ) ... and I have get my fan ... my loyal fan ... who hate my last movie ... hate my last five movie ... I and my wonderful , wonderful fan ... as if on unfortunate cue , Bruce hear a '' clop thud clop thud '' as the limping fan he run down at the studio hobble toward he . devote fan Mr. Campbell , Mr. campbe ... bruce lucky friggin 's I !! wump ! Bruce throw a punch into the limping fan 's gut . stun , the fan drop to he knee , hold out the autograph photo he get earlier from Bruce as ... bruce’s pinto pull up , the valet screeching it to a halt in a haze of exhaust . the valet step out , hold out he hand for a tip , and Bruce pluck the photo from the gasp fan 's hand and pass it to the valet . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 21 . continued : ( 2 ) bruce ( cont 'd ) merry Christmas . as Bruce roar off , swerving into the street , the gasp devote fan grab to get back he photo . devote fan give it back ! that 's mine ! the fan and the valet get into a pitch fight over the glossy as the Pinto roar off into the distance ... ext . road - sawville - night a police car be drive down a lonely stretch of road . int . police car - night uniform Officer kelbo behind the wheel . 30ish , moustache , typical small town cop . as he drive , we can hear police call over the radio . dispatcher ( radio ) kelbo , this be dispatch . we be get call about weird noise in the wood off Crescent , over . cop 's voice ( radio ) Roger that . I be come up on Crescent now , over . as kelbo hang up the microphone , suddenly a bird hit the windshield of he car ! startle , kelbo hit the brake and go into a sideways skid , stop by the side of the road . he 's in the middle of nowhere , surround by wood . kelbo damn . kelbo step out of the car to check the damage . the impact have spider - webbed the windshield and leave spatter of blood on the white hood . disgust , kelbo start wiping up the blood on the hood . but as he clean a patch , suddenly more blood appear . then blood drip on he hand . with dawn apprehension , kelbo realize the blood be drip down from above . he slowly turn , look up ... ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 22 . continued : into the shadowed face of the chinese demon ! there 's a silvery glint . a blade slashes forward . off kelbo 's abort scream ... ext . bruce 's house - night the Pinto wind down a scrubby driveway and pull up toa dilapidate trailer house in the middle of nowhere , bang over a row of garbage can . still drunk , Bruce get out , grab a grubby suitcase from the back of the car . he stagger - walk to the door , walk over a mess of gather mail , mostly magazine like hustler , juggs , 40 d-cupper ... int . bruce 's house - night cradle the magazine and mail in he arm , Bruce push the door open and enter , toss the mail on a couch . we hear the tinkle - bell of a dog collar and little foot rustling as Bruce 's arrival arouse he dog . bruce here boy . come ’mere , Sam ’nrob . the little dog enter the front room , stop at Bruce 's foot and growls menacingly . bruce ( cont 'd ) whatsamatter boy ? whatsamatter with poor widdle Sam ’nrob ? the little dog continue to snarl until Bruce remember something . he pull a brown paper bag from he jacket pocket and pull out a pint of cheap bourbon . he unscrew the top and pour it into a doggie bowl . bruce ( cont 'd ) think I forget , do not you ? as '' sammy '' start to drink greedily from the bowl , Bruce idly check some of the '' envelope '' mail . virtually every letter have red ink on it and say something about '' final notice '' or '' third reminder . '' he toss the mail and plop down in front of he ancient black and white television , replete with coat-hanger rabbit ear . use a primitive remote , he switch the set on and get a static ride image of a '' entertainment tonight '' type announcer on a studio set . verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 23 . int . entertainment tonight set ( still in Bruce 's b/w ) the announcer woman be finish a typical ET / access Hollywood type story ... announcer ... studio source say Tom hank 's next project will be release next summer ... bruce ( mock voice ) duh duh , '' bubba gump , '' yup yup yup ... announcer next , we take a scarrrry look at the life and time of b-movie horror star Bruce Campbell ... in bruce's live room , the think of a actual publicity give Bruce a smile . he tip up he bourbon bottle , toast the screen . bruce now we be cookin 's ! a photo of a smile Bruce appear on screen , follow by the chiron letter : where be they now ? announcer Campbell , best know for he role in the horrific evil Dead film , appear to have disappear from the entertainment scene ... stun , Bruce spit out a spew of bourbon . bruce huh ?! announcer tonight , we '' where be they now '' reporter Charlie Payne take a affectionate look back on a promise career that many feel be squander on low budget trash ... Bruce drain he pint and pitch the empty bottle at the tv , hit the off-button . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 24 . continued : bruce that bastard !! stagger , enraged , Bruce go to a cupboard and rummages through a half dozen empty whiskey bottle . there be not another drop in the house . bruce ( cont 'd ) they be make I sound like a have - be ! like I be all wash up ... desperate for more booze , Bruce notice '' samnrob '' still lap at the bourbon Bruce pour into he bowl . Bruce suddenly drop to he knee and grab the bowl away from the snarling dog . bruce ( cont 'd ) they be make I look pathetic ! Bruce tip up the filthy doggie bowl and gulp down the rest of the bourbon , booze spilling down he shirt , enraged at he depiction on the show . off this moment ... int . deborah 's house - bedroom - night Bruce 's ex- wife deborah , 30' and attractive , be roll over in bed , fumble sleepily with the phone . the light up clock next to she bed say 3:14 am . deborah oh God ... intercut with : int . bruce 's house - bedroom - night Bruce 's on he bed , hair stick out wildly , tank , phone cradle against he shoulder . bruce hey , Deb . it 's I . deborah what now , Bruce ? bruce I be just , you know , celebrate the almost - wrap of my latest picture ... just one more day ... Bruce 's dog growls loudly off camera . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 25 . continued : deborah you get into the dog 's bowl again . bruce ( yell at dog ) quiet ! selfish mutt ... deborah it 's you birthday , be not it ? every year , it 's the same old '' poor I '' routine . bruce can not a guy get bomb and call he ex- wife at 3:00 in the morning without it '' meaning '' something ? deborah Bruce , I talk to Mills . bruce yeah ? what do ol 's ten percent have to say ? deborah just that you be depressed . so he 's plan something special for you birthday . bruce ( perk up ) do he say what ? deborah it 's a surprise ! bruce come on ... deborah Bruce ... bruce ( annoying baby - talk ) pweese pweese pweese debwah ... deborah I be hang up ... Bruce 's face fall . bruce no , do not . I be sorry , baby . ( sniffle ) ( more ) ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 26 . continued : ( 2 ) bruce ( cont 'd ) how do thing get so mess up between we ? deborah you sleep with the dog sitter . bruce one stupid mistake ... deborah all of they . bruce twelve stupid mistake . I be mix up , crazy ... God , I miss you and the kid ... deborah what kid ? bruce the one we would have have , if we would just hold on ... deborah take a breath . deborah you want the truth about we , Bruce ? it be not the cheating or the booz or the endless whining that kill we marriage . you just could not commit . to we relationship , you career , to much of anything ... ( get mean ) go ahead . name one single thing you stick through to the end . drunk , Bruce have to think a second , then finally : bruce dog always have a sitter ... slam * click * buzzzzz . Bruce just sit there , mull drunkenly over he life of miss opportunity ... in deborah' bedroom , deborah hang up the phone and roll over , revealing mill , Bruce 's agent , lie in bed beside she . mill gimme some sugar , baby . as deborah giggle and they kiss ... verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 27 . int . bruce 's house - front room - night thud thud thud . someone 's bang on the trailer house door . Bruce , hair stick out , face pale , look like a walk hangover , stumble toward the door . bruce keep you pants on fer chrissake , it 's four in the friggin’ mornin 's ... Bruce throw open the door and ... nobody 's there . bruce ( cont 'd ) Ho ho . very funny . he stand there a second , bleary and blink , then notice something glisten at he foot . curious , he bend down and reach for a shiny new quarter . bruce ( cont 'd ) saaayyyy . a brand new quar -- suddenly a metal baseball bat swing down and crack he across the back of the head . as Bruce drop , CUT to black . int . trunk of car - night as a engine rumble , Bruce , jamme in the trunk , wake up . daze , he lift he head and crack it against the trunk lid . cramped , barely able to move , he slowly realize where he be . bruce what the hell -- ? he push against the trunk lid , try to force it open . no good . annoy , he start to yell . bruce ( cont 'd ) hey ! hey !!! lemme out of here ! the car hit a hard bump , jarring Bruce , as jeffus muffled voice call back . jeff ( 0.s. ) Mr. Campbell ? be you okay ? ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 28 . continued : bruce who be you ? who hit I ? intercut with : int . car - night Jeff be behind the wheel , drive down a dark highway . jeff uhh , that would be I . sorry ! bruce ( sarcastic ) oh. well . as long as you be sorry ... jeff really ? they hit another bump , slamm Bruce up against the trunk lid . bruce oww !! no !!! ( kick at lid ) let I out of here , you psycho freak ! jeff I can not . not until we get to town . ( helpful ) I put some twinkies and a couple magazine in the side pocket . and there 's a flashlight next to the spare . disgruntle but not really know what else to do , Bruce find the flashlight and switch it on . near he head he find a couple issue of fangoria and rue morgue . as Bruce stare at the mag in disbelief ... bruce no no no ... jeff I know you be probably sore and tired and suffer from a concussion , but ... be it true you be do a sequel to cavealien ? ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 29 . continued : bruce what ?! jeff that 's probably my favorite movie of all time ! bruce oh my God . he 's a fan . ( scream ) help !!! help !!! bam ! another bump slam Bruce 's head again . bruce ( cont 'd ) gaww ! for God 's sake , could you at least go easy on the bump ? ext . highway - night as Jeff 's car speed down the road , reveal a sign : '' rough road next 75 mile . '' as the car bump along ... ext . farmhouse - night a farmer step out he front door with a shotgun , look off he porch into the darkness . his wife stand behind he , anxious . wife what be it , hank ? hank I do not know . think I hear something in the barn . serious , he pump he shotgun . hank ( cont 'd ) stay inside . bolt the door . do not open it , no matter what you hear ! scare , the wife close the door . int . farmhouse - night her back against the door , the wife listen as hank 's footstep crunch off toward the barn . a barn door creak open . the footstep enter , fade away . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 30 . continued : then suddenly there be multiple gunshot ! the wife gasp , shocked . wife oh dear Lord ... she hear frantic run , then something slam against the door . pound against the wood . hank ( 0.s. ) open the door ! open the door !! for Christ 's sake , OPEN the door ! terrify , the wife throw open the door ... only to find she husband hank stand there , laughing . it be a sick practical joke . hank ( cont 'd ) haw haw haw !! wife you bastard ! I can not believe you punk I like that ! hank you should have see you face ! told you to never open the do -- suddenly a samurai blade erupt through hank 's chest . he look down , gasp in shock , blood spilling from the wound ... the eerie silhouette of the chinese demon visible behind he . off this ... ext . sawville - day the '' welcome to sawville '' sign , still drip with ( dry and yucky ) egg yolk . a hand reach in and change the population number '' 2649 '' into '' 2646 '' with a quick stroke of paint ... int . trunk of car - day Bruce be lie , cramped and half asleep , when the trunk lid suddenly fly open and he 's douse in bright sunshine . wincing in the light , a sticky twinkie wrapper stick to he cheek , Bruce jump up and suddenly freeze . bruce uhhhh ... verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 31 . ext . sawville - MAIN STREET - day pull back to reveal Jeff 's car surround by two dozen sawville townfolk , all rural type , who let out a semi - rouse cheer as Bruce stagger out of the trunk . townsfolk hip hip hooray ! hip hip hooray ! bruce what th -- the bearded mayor of sawville step forward , authoritative , offer he hand to a bewilder Bruce . mayor welcome to sawville , Mr. Campbell ! bruce '' sawville ? '' ( peel off twinkie wrapper ) where the fuck be '' sawville ? '' Jeff , wear a cavealien tee-shirt , rush around from the driver 's side of the car , surprised by Bruce 's outburst . try to calm he . jeff easy , man . that 's the Mayor ! bruce I do not care if he 's the King of kiss - my- ass-ia ! I just spend six hour in a trunk . I want some answer , chop chop ! Bruce wait , look out across the stunne / dull face of the townsfolk , momentarily lock eye with kelly , 30 - ish and pretty . it 's a '' love at first sight '' moment for Bruce , complete with a slow motion '' hair shake '' from Kelly . he attempt a suave gesture , despite the '' bed head '' hairdo from he trunk ride . bruce ( cont 'd ) Holy -- ( recover ) do not worry , sweet - stuff . when I be do with this yokel , I have get a pair of lip with you name on ‘em . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 32 . continued : she hold Bruce 's look for a moment , almost like she 's go to respond , then she shake she head again , this time in utter disdain . kelly you have get to be kid . as Kelly pull away from the crowd . Bruce snap back into '' I be piss ! '' mode . bruce well ?! do not all talk at once ! one of the townfolk try another desultory cheer . town guy hip hip ... ( no one be help ) uhh ... bruce maybe you do not get '' move pichter '' in this fart-hole , so let I explain something . I ’ma '' movie star . '' tinseltown . light , camera , etc .? when Bruce Campbell say frog , production assistant jump ! ( lean into it ) I even know Sam raimi ! there 's a muffle , awed '' ooooh '' from the crowd . bruce ( cont 'd ) so when you kidnap I , you do not just commit a crime against I ... this be a crime against art ! ( look at watch ) in fact , I be due on set three hour ago . you can bet they 's 1ll pull out the stop to get I back ! to amplify this point , we suddenly CUT to : int . soundstage ( ext . wood ) - day the myopic director peer through he coke bottle glass , set up what look like the tenth scene of the day , he cameraman nearby . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 33 . continued : on set , petra , she uniform unzip to reveal considerable cleavage , be in the clutches of the cavealien creature , which look remarkably not - frightening from this angle . director okay , look good ... ( squinting ) wait a second . what be that bulge on he chest ? d.p. breast . that 's petra . director ( squint again ) think it be Bruce . d.p. a-hole do not show up . Bob from the machine shop be go to play he for the rest of the shoot . the d.p. hook a thumb toward a guy who look nothing like Bruce , but be wear Bruce 's space uniform while cover the bottom half of he face with a cape , like dracula . ( this be a direct homage to plan nine from outer space , where the awful double for a dead bela lugosi cover he face with a cape . ) the director consider a moment , then shrug . director oh. okay . ( to petra ) action !! ext . sawville STREET - day CUT back to Bruce exactly where we leave he before the cutaway , still check he watch . bruce so as much as I have love to stick around until the FBI rip you grit - eater a new one ... jeff but you agent say you be '' between job . '' Bruce shake he head in disbelief . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 34 . continued : bruce you call my agent ? jeff he be very helpful . bruce that could not have be toddner ... Bruce stop . dawn realization wash over he . bruce ( cont 'd ) wait a minute . what else do he say ? jeff just something about not book you on you birthday ... bruce birthday ...? birthday ...? say ... as this sink in , a light come on for Bruce . his birthday ? he suddenly look at the Mayor and townfolk through new eye . bruce ( cont 'd ) Mills , you magnificent bastard . when you say you have a '' surprise '' in store ... more blank look . they have no idea what Bruce be talk about . mayor Mr. Campbell , I realize this be rather ... unorthodox , but Jeffrey tell we you skill extend beyond the thespian ... ( dramatic beat ) and the town of sawville desperately need you help . Bruce see the Mayor through new eye , assess he performance . bruce that 's good . you be good . mayor ( perplex ) thank you ...? ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 35 . continued : ( 2 ) Bruce consider a moment , rub he aching head , then make a decision . bruce let 's say I decide to play along . what 's next ? mayor well , uhh , we have arrange a presentation at City Hall . rejuvenated , Bruce glance over the head of the townsfolk and notice cute Kelly enter a official look building . bruce ( be : Kelly ) be that where miss make - my - Day be head ? mayor as a matter of fact ... Bruce smile , definitely get into the '' ruse . '' bruce lead the way , gent ! int . CITY hall - day the Mayor , Jeff and the other townfolk gather in the town 's small '' town hall '' , outfit with bench and a slide projector in the middle of the chair . as Bruce enter , he make a point of look for kelly . she 's sit between two farmer , but Bruce do not care . he push down the crowded row ... farmer farmer # 2 ow ... my foot ! aghh , my corn ! bruce ( to farmer by Kelly ) yo , Jimmy Dean . you be in my seat . the Farmer scoot down and Bruce squeeze in next to Kelly . the slide projector be right behind Bruce 's shoulder . Kelly shoot Bruce a cold look but hold she tongue . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 36 . continued : bruce ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) you be probably can not break character , but I gotta tell you , you guy really have I go . kelly what ? bruce for a second I think I be ina remake of '' deliverance '' and somebody be about to tell I to go '' soo - eeey ! '' as Kelly react poorly to the slur , the oblivious Bruce offer he hand . bruce ( cont 'd ) sorry , I should have introduce myself . I be Bruce . Bruce Campbell . Kelly unenthusiastically shake Bruce 's hand . kelly Kelly Graham . bruce Graham . Bet all the boy go '' cracker '' over you . kelly ( not amused ) ha ha ha . bruce I , I could have swear you name be Daisy . kelly why ? bruce because I have this crazy urge to '' plant '' one on you . aghast , Kelly start to get up . kelly I have to go ... but as Kelly rise , the Mayor and Jeff motion for she to stay put . they do not want to rile Bruce back up . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 37 . continued : ( 2 ) as she reluctantly sit back down , more people enter and take seat . the Mayor go to the front of the room , stand next to a projector screen . mayor Mr. Campbell , if you be ready ? bruce knock yourself out , whisker . as the light dim , Bruce lounge back , elbow on the back of he chair , a cocky look , like he love be the center of attention ... mayor as we all know , sawville be mining country before the log industry move in ... first slide : a shot of a old mine entrance . mayor ( cont 'd ) in the late 1860' , hundred of chinese immigrant come to we shore to help work the claim . second slide : photo of a modern chinese Restaurant . while the slide continue , Bruce continue he line of patter with poor Kelly . bruce Kelly 's a irish name , be not it ? ( bad irish accent ) maybe later you can show I you '' lucky charm . '' as Kelly squirm at Bruce 's attempt to '' charm '' she ... mayor the large mine be the triple T. , run with a iron fist by the legendary Thomas T. tripletee . third slide : a photo of a harsh look man with a handlebar moustache . dress in 1860 - style finery . mayor ( cont 'd ) at she height , the triple T employ hundred of chinese immigrant laborer . they work long hour , in harsh and primitive condition , survive on rice and bean curd ... ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 38 . continued : ( 3 ) FOURTH slide : a historical photo of overworked chinese laborer stand in front of a primitive mine . they look bedraggle and skinny . Bruce nudge Kelly . bruce you want primitive , you should have see craft service on my last picture ! licorice stick be like tent stake ! Kelly glare at Bruce , incredulous . mayor then disaster strike . a cave - in . over a hundred chinese worker be bury alive . sawville be devastate ... FOURTH slide : photo of the front page of the local paper , '' the sawville gazette '' , circa 1860 . the big headline read : cave in close triple T. next headline : foreman suffer broken leg . next headline ( smallest ) : call goe out , send more chinese . mayor ( cont 'd ) soon after , rumor begin to spread of a curse . fifth slide : a colorful image of the '' guan - Di '' warrior , a mythical samurai with flow robe , glow red eye and a deadly sword . mayor ( cont 'd ) legend have it that a chinese demon be summon to protect the spirit of all that who die . sixth slide : a shadowy , out of focus image of the chinese demon , barely visible but pretty damn creepy . mayor ( cont 'd ) a amateur photographer capture this image almost fifty year ago , when the demon be last think active ... in fact this be the only copy of that rare photo ... bruce ( blow it off ) yeah , yeah , real scary . ( to Kelly ) look , baby , when this be over , how about you and I share a bottle of chateau La partydown ? ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 39 . continued : ( 4 ) kelly I barely know you ! bruce couple glass of sawville 's finest and we will be the best of friend . I may not be Fred flintstone , but trust I , I can still make you '' bed rock '' ... Kelly suddenly explode . kelly that 's it ! you be , without a doubt , the rudest , crudest , most insincere jackass I have ever meet ! as she stand , Bruce also rise , he arm bump the slide projector and jam the lens against the hot bulb . as the precious demon image melt and burn ... bruce crude ?! ( loud , to room ) what crawle up she crack and die ? as Kelly try to get down the row , the Mayor desperately try to salvage the situation . mayor we need a champion , Mr. Campbell . a warrior who understand this dark force . Bruce glance over he shoulder , look over the group . bruce great . want I to pick somebody ? mayor actually , Jeff tell we that you have some ... experience with evil spirit . bruce moi ? gent , you get I all wr ... suddenly there 's the hideous screech of fingernails on a blackboard , follow by a wizen cackle from the back of the room . all eye turn toward the rear of the hall and ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 40 . continued : ( 5 ) wing , a small , elderly chinese man with a wispy goatee , wear traditional chinese robe . he have bring a small portable chalkboard just to make the screech noise . wing be warn . he who confront the guan - Di confront death itself . Bruce slip down the aisle and walk back to wing . bruce hello , second act escalation . ( to Mayor ) what 's with the fortune cookie ? mayor his name be wing . the last live descendant of the dead laborer . for punctuation , wing scratch he nail across the blackboard again . Bruce wince and grab the blackboard away from he , toss it aside . bruce '' jaw . '' we get it . wing the guan - Di have be unleash from he rest place . as wing say this , he look straight Jeff , who wince guiltily . Bruce , meanwhile , misunderstand '' guan - Di '' for '' Gandhi . '' bruce always figure this '' Gandhi '' fella for be some sorta pushover in a diaper ... wing the guan - Di be a great warrior . protector of the dead , savior of the innocent and of bean curd ... bruce bean curd ? wing it 's a chinese thing . ( intense ) the grave of the dead be disturb and the guan - Di will not rest until this sacrilege have be avenge . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 41 . continued : ( 6 ) bruce and when exactly will that happen ? wing when every blood relative of the one responsible lie rotting in the Earth . oddly , Bruce brighten at that . bruce well hell . there can not be that many . ( look across room ) blood relative , raise you hand . virtually every hand in the City Hall go up . bruce ( cont 'd ) remind I to lock my door tonight . wing ( point at Bruce ) he will continue to kill , and with each death he strength will increase . anyone who try to interfere ... will die ... a light bulb suddenly explode overhead , send a shower of spark down on the frighten crowd . everyone turn , include Bruce . then someone look back toward wing and gasp . town guy town guy 2 wing 's go ! he 's go ! Bruce turn and sure enough , wing have disappear . as the townsfolk murmur uneasily , Bruce look out the window ... ext . sawville STREET - day Bruce see wing walk nonchalantly down the sidewalk , clutching a bowl ball bag . bruce uhh -- int . CITY hall - day Bruce be about to tell the people in the hall about he '' wing spot '' when the Mayor shout over the voice . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 42 . continued : mayor Mr. Campbell , the future of sawville rest in you hand . the place go silent . wait for Bruce 's response . Bruce gauge they , then ... bruce lemme get this straight . one of you boy go giambi on my skull , lock I in a trunk and drag I to hayseed central ... and now you expect I to lay my life on the line against some supernatural hell - spawn ? the Mayor look at the other townfolk , shrug . mayor ehh , more or less . Bruce look across the desperate towny . his face be arrogant until he spot Kelly , stand by the door , hesitate as she await he answer . bruce lucky for you , I find myself at a crossroad in my life . struggle to find the artist , the '' hero '' that I know still lie deep inside I . the face go from desperate to blank . but everyone continue to listen . bruce ( cont 'd ) maybe that 's why I be here , to rekindle that spirit . ( revving himself up ) it 's the ultimate act challenge . '' method '' time ten , a way to reclaim my die muse ... mayor will you help we , Mr. Campbell ? Bruce suck in he gut , puff out he chest and strike a heroic pose . bruce can. ( pregnant pause ) and will ! ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 43 . continued : ( 2 ) as cheer erupt from the grateful crowd and Bruce exult in they '' love '' ... int . jeff 's car - day Bruce ride in the passenger seat as Jeff drive . Bruce be lean back in the seat , wave like a Rose parade princess as they pass overjoy pedestrian . bruce so you be tell I the whole town 's in on this ? jeff ( puzzle ) well , yeah . bruce guess it 's like some crazy fund - raiser , huh ? instead of a bake - sale , you turn you town into demonsville for a few week a year . jeff no ... I mean ... ( distraught ) my friend Clayton be kill by this thing . I have to do something . Bruce nod knowingly , think Jeff 's still try to stay in character . bruce that 's cool . professional courtesy . no more question . ( look out window ) so what 's next , kid ? jeff town 's throw a party for you tonight . sort of a send off before you head into battle . ( tentative smile ) something I have like to show you first . Jeff pull off the road and turn up a driveway , drive past a house toward a trailer park on a hill . as they approach , Bruce 's jaw drop open . the trailer be dead ringer for he victorville dig . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 44 . continued : bruce you gotta be shittin’ I . int . jeffus trailer - day the door push in and Jeff usher the perplex but still game Bruce through the door . as they enter , the light be off and the front room be in shadow . Jeff reach for the light switch and click it on , and bruce stop in he track . Jeff 's trailer be a virtual shrine to all thing Bruce Campbell . there be movie poster , script and 8 x 10 glossy ... dvd , video and laserdisc ... scrapbook of newspaper article , trade ad , Bruce 's book , etc . bruce kid , if you last name 's '' lector '' I be outta here ... Jeff shrug , self - conscious but still proud . jeff guess I be kind of a fan . stun , Bruce look around the collection . there 's a demon mask from the first evil dead . a bottle of bug goo from alien apocalypse . a shoulder patch from the cavealien movie . bruce '' kinda ? '' only thing miss be a stool sample ! Bruce notice the chinese amulet that Jeff steal from the graveyard hang from a Bruce action figure . Bruce grab the amulet , check it out . bruce ( cont 'd ) this do not ring a bell ... Jeff grab it back , stuff it in he pocket . jeff that 's ... personal . oblivious , Bruce keep look , surprised to find a photo of he with he ex- wife deborah tuck in with the other memorabilia . touched by the old photo , which have be take in happier time , Bruce take it off the shelf . bruce where do you get this ? ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 45 . continued : jeff www. photos-of-bruce-campbell - with - he -ex-wife-deborah dot com. ( watch Bruce ) you ... miss she , do not you ? Bruce stare at the photo . bruce guess I do . but sometimes thing happen between people that you just can not take back . jeff like the dog-sitter ? Bruce do a double-take . bruce how the hell -- jeff it be in fangoria ! ( as Bruce recover ) look , I know this be a huge imposition , Mr. Campbell , so whatever you need , just let I know . Bruce can not help it . he 's start to like this kid . bruce first of all , '' Mr. Campbell '' make soup . you can call I Bruce . Bruce sniff he arm pit , grimace . bruce ( cont 'd ) and if you really wanna get on my good side , fetch I a bottle of Jack , a bar of soap , then point I toward the nearest motel with hot water and a naked cheerleader channel . jeff ( think ) hmm . closest motel be the pink lumberjack ... Bruce tighten at that . bruce keep go . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 46 . continued : ( 2 ) jeff then there 's the manflower on Route 99 , Ryan 's rear -entry on Old Prescott Road , and ... bruce maybe I 'il just spruce up here . Jeff be thrilled . a visit from he hero ! jeff really ? wow ! great ! I bring some fresh clothes from you trailer . bruce that 's wonderful , kid ... Bruce be about to respond when he notice a shelf of hand - label video tape . bruce ( cont 'd ) Jesus God . you actually have every episode of Jack of all trade ? jeff yeah . want to watch one ? Bruce reluctantly toss he jacket across the couch . bruce I be gonna regret this . off Jeff 's hero-worshipping smile ... ext . cemetery - day the chinese cemetery visible out front . wing , the chinese man , move through the old stone toward the forebode cave site . wing ( to '' ancestor '' ) they allow you to die ... leave it to the few who survive to tend you spirit ... ext . cave - day wing go up to the cave and sit at the entrance , the wind whistling eerily around he . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 47 . continued : wing I pray to you , guan - Di , for vengeance . I pray for you to destroy they all ... ( with intensity ) especially the demon-fighter know ... as Campbell ... int . jeffus trailer - day Bruce step out of the trailer 's bathroom , dress in fresh clothes , still toweling he hair dry . curious , Bruce hold out a small bottle with a '' evil dead '' logo but japanese lettering identify the actual product . bruce ahh ! nothing like a shower to wash you blue away ! ( hold out bottle ) where the heck do you find this '' evil Dead '' shampoo ? jeff that 's drain cleaner ! Bruce stop drying he head , look down as a big clump of hair fall from the towel . bruce that would explain the burn sensation . gingerly , Bruce toss the towel aside , catch the worshipful look from Jeff . bruce ( cont 'd ) ( off Jeff 's look ) what ? Jeff realize he 's be stare and look away , a little embarrassed . jeff it 's just ... you be go up against the guan - Di tonight and you be not even scared . Bruce look at Jeff , assume this be part of he birthday present . bruce compare to kandarian devil , this guan - Di cat 's no biggie-mo . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 48 . continued : jeff really ? bruce look , kid , when you be in the hero business , there be only two thing you need to know . one , monster be mostly pussy . two , repeat number one . jeff wow . as Jeff react with awe , Bruce slap he belly , '' I be hungry ! '' style . bruce now , think a hungry demon slayer could score a few slim - jim , then catch a ride into town ? ext . sawville STREET - day Jeff pull up to the curb in he pick - up and Bruce slide out , finish he peanut butter and jelly sandwich . Jeff nod down the street toward a bar and grill festoon with plastic flag and decoration . jeff I promise to pick a few thing up for the party . sure you will be all right on you own ? Bruce glance down the street of the one-horse town . bruce if I get lose , I will fire a flare . as Jeff nervously pull away , Bruce saunter down the sidewalk , cocky as he nod and wave at passerby , play the role of '' town hero '' to the hilt . pass a grocery store with a display of apple out front , Bruce grab a apple and polish it on he sleeve . the shopkeeper step out , like he 's proud to have Bruce pause at he store . Bruce take a big , juicy bite . bruce ( cont 'd ) Nice apple ! Bruce raise a eyebrow , '' thanks , pal '' style , and continue down the sidewalk , pause in front of a ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 49 . continued : appliance store . a display of ghetto blaster radio out front . as the appliance store owner watch , Bruce heft one of the radio , cranking up the sound . bruce ( cont 'd ) Nice radio ! assume the radio be also '' on the house '' , Bruce just walk off with it , leave the speechless appliance store owner stand there , not sure how to react . a few yard down , Bruce walk past a elderly man who give Bruce the sign of the cross . Bruce give the guy a slap across the back . bruce ( cont 'd ) Nice improv ! as Bruce continue on , a gaggle of excited school child suddenly rush up and surround he , '' hail the conquer hero '' style . kide Mr. Campbell ! Bruce ! Bruce ! Bruce hold he arm out , savore the adulation as he continue down the sidewalk . bruce what 's up , kid ? first kid be ... be you really go to save we from the monster ? bruce that 's the idea , son . there 's a collective ooooh from the youngster . a second kid show Bruce a crude crayola draw of a cartoon Bruce heroically stabbing a monster . second kid I draw this picture of you ! bruce not bad , junior , not bad . a third kid show Bruce a crude crayola draw of a cartoon Bruce get he head tear off by a monster . blood spurting from he gape neck wound . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 50 . continued : ( 2 ) third kid so do I ! Bruce double - take , shove the draw back at the kid . bruce get with the program , rembrandt . as the kid continue to crowd around he , Bruce finally arrive at ... ext . greene 's bar - day a large banner across the front of the bar read '' hail our champion : bruce cambell . '' Bruce stop under the banner , take a second to study it . bruce memo to self , buy agent a dictionary . but before he can lament the poor spelling too long , he 's spot by various townfolk who rush up and surround he . as Bruce exult in they adoration , the townfolk lift he on they collective shoulder and carry he inside ... cracking he head on the door jamb . as he 's pull inside , rub he sore noggin ... int . greene's bar - night a small - town country dance - bar , with a wooden floor , table , and a long bar across one wall . a woman wear a apron be behind the bar , back to we , as Bruce be lower to the floor by the crowd . Bruce step up to the bar like a movie cowboy , the townfolk crowd around he ... townfolk what do you want , Bruce ? open bar ! it 's on the house ! as the '' waitress '' bend over to grab a bottle , Bruce check out she ass , nudging the guy next to he . bruce ( be : she butt ) nothing like spend a night out on half Moon Bay , ehh , boy ? ( to woman behind bar ) ( more ) ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 51 . continued : bruce ( cont 'd ) hey , baby , how about a sloe comfortable screw up against the wall ... as Bruce chortle at the old gag , the woman turn , revealing she 's kelly . Bruce choke on he laughter as she glower at he . bruce ( cont ’d ) ( * gulp * ) -.- with a lime twist ? nonchalant , Kelly pick up a bowl of pretzel , offer they to Bruce . kelly pretzel ? bruce ( reach to bowl ) do not mind if I ... Kelly suddenly throws the entire bowl into Bruce 's face . as Bruce recover , Kelly start make Bruce 's drink . bruce ( cont 'd ) look , I know what you be think . movie-star like yours truly might look down he schnoze at a every day waitress , but trust I , doll - face , that 's not how the Bruce - man operate . she 's almost do make the drink . kelly I own this place . bruce ( relieved ) on the other hand , movie star like I do a plain- vanilla waitress would be a definite step down ... Kelly pick up the drink as if to pass it over , then laconically throws it into Bruce 's face . the townfolk gasp , but Bruce just accept it . kelly want another ? Bruce lick at the drink as it spill around he face . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 52 . continued : ( 2 ) bruce in a glass would be nice . ( off she glare ) be it I , or do we get off on the wrong foot ? in the background , Jeff enter , carry some box . kelly we never '' get off '' at all , and if there 's a God , we never will . ( glance toward Jeff ) unfortunately , my son seem to think you be some kind of hero . Bruce follow she eye , realize she 's look at Jeff . bruce ultra-fan belong to you ? Bruce take Kelly 's hand , throw a exaggerated look at she ring finger . bruce ( cont 'd ) I do not see a wedding ring ... kelly that 's because Jeff 's father leave we . right after Jeff be bear . bruce must have be hard , raise a boy on you own . ( big smile ) but in the '' lemon into lemonade '' category , sound like there 's no reason you and I can not do a little of the ol 's '' train and tunnel '' ... Kelly stare at Bruce , aghast . kelly maybe it 's all a big joke to you , but Jeff 's talk the whole town into think you be go to save we from this '' guan - Di . '' bruce right . and ? kelly Far as I can tell , you be totally full of shit . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 53 . continued : ( 3 ) Bruce be take aback by that . there 's a long pause as he consider the insult , then he break out laugh ! bruce I get it ! you be the meet - cute ! kelly the what ? bruce Mills think of everything ! he 's a genius ! chortle , Bruce wander across the bar , leave Kelly baffle . the Mayor come over , mindful of she attitude , still hope and praying that Bruce can save they . mayor Kelly , I know you do not much like the stranger , but we need someone to go up against the demon . the Mayor look over at Bruce , almost as dubious as Kelly . mayor ( cont 'd ) and right now , in a absolutely tragic turn of event , he 's the best we have get . Bruce look back at Kelly and the Mayor and laugh even harder . off Kelly 's befuddlement ... ext . sawville - sunset the sun set , the dazzle orange glow grow dim ... ext . cave - night as the last ray of the sun set , rock begin to move in front of the old cave , as if something be stir inside . suddenly , a blood - soaked sword split through the stone . the guan - Di emerge for another night of vengeance ... verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 54 . int . bar - night we hear a loud yeeee - hawww , revealing the festivity be in full swing . a band ( the smithereen ? ) be play full volume while townfolk drink and dance . at the front of this bacchanal , in the seat of honor at the front of the hall , bruce sit , massive joint of beef and turkey in each hand , eat like King Henry the eighth . bruce ( spitting food ) more meat !! as a sexy waitress haul over another massive joint of beef , Bruce grab she and plop she into he lap . while the waitress giggle at the attention , kelly watch all this with a disgust glare . suddenly , there 's a announcement from a frontier - outfit square dance caller . square dance caller lady and gentleman . grab you partner ! enthusiastic townfolk '' grab they partner '' ( male + female ) and sashay out toward the center of the floor . with a smile , Bruce toss he leg o’ whatever , push past the waitress and make a bee-line toward Kelly . bruce ma’am , may I have this dance ? the Mayor shoot Kelly a look and she reluctantly come out around the bar , take Bruce 's arm . even though she clearly do not like be here , there 's something in Bruce 's infectious , giddy enthusiasm that start to get to she . as they get in formation with the other , Bruce whisper to she ... bruce ( cont 'd ) you realize I have no idea what I be do . kelly I be sure that 's a first . bruce not really . I have not know what I have be do for year . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 55 . continued : Bruce keep watch she , catch the hint of a smile . bruce ( cont 'd ) wait a minute . what be that ? kelly nothing . bruce no no , both side of you mouth curl at the edge . there 's a old indian word for this phenomenon ... kawatatcheeacha ... Cherokee for '' she who smile at one she be beginning to not hate . '' Kelly roll she eye , but not so mean this time . with a hint of actual pleasure . kelly shut up and dance . a Square - dance band take position on the floor and the room fill with music . the Square dance caller bark out order to the dancer . square dance caller bow to you partner ! as the dancer begin to move , Kelly try to help Bruce navigate through the crowd . kelly just follow my lead ... square dance caller now swing you partner and dosi - doe , pass the axle then let go ! while Kelly try to actually keep up with the dance move , Bruce be a loose - limb marvel , he leg swinging around like some kind of string - puppet . square dance caller ( cont ’d ) allemande leave with a right hand star , box the gnat and allemande thar ! Bruce 's a terrible dancer , but the townfolk be be polite because of he mission , and he enthusiasm continue to be somewhat infectious . so infectious that he finally pull away from Kelly , twirl toward the official Square dance caller and grab he microphone . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 56 . continued : ( 2 ) bruce ( call dance ) now swing you partner toward the door , then empty you pocket and pretend you be poor ... the townfolk be swirl around the dance floor , but this be '' unusual '' call to say the least . but , in a effort to keep Bruce happy , they all swing they partner toward the door , then pull out they pocket , send wallet , key and change spilling to the floor . bruce ( cont 'd ) ( call dance ) allemande leave then allemande right , then spoon in together all '' brokeback '' like ... the dancer look at one another then comply , do the dance move , then the woman jam they butt into the male dancer 's crotch ... take advantage of a musical '' bridge '' , Bruce break into a crazy , tangle - legge dance that end with he do the split in the middle of the dance floor . still hold the microphone , Bruce pick himself up and advance on a astonished Kelly . bruce ( cont 'd ) ( call dance ) now as this dance be come to a close , see if she will kiss you without hold she nose ... with a swoop , Bruce grab Kelly and pull she into a full fledge , bent-over backward smooch . she flail a little at first , then the flail stop and for a moment , she seem to be anticipate the kiss . then : kelly you wanna move that hand ? reveal Bruce 's hand completely inside and up the back of Kelly 's shirt . bruce oops . meanwhile , all around Bruce and Kelly , the dancer be lock in similar steamy embrace , but with Bruce distract and not make any more square dance call , they be groan as they try to hold they awkward position , turn blue as they remain mouth - to-mouth ... verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 57 . ext . sawville - night Bruce and Kelly step outside the noisy bar and start down the street . at night the town be actually quite lovely , a throwback to a earlier , more innocent time ... bruce ahhh . I could use a little fresh air . Kelly be still a little wary of Bruce . kelly I too . ( eye on he , wary ) and just fresh air . they start down the sidewalk together , the light from the business twinkle in the darkness . kelly ( cont 'd ) ( be : town ) even with everything that 's happen , God I love this place . bruce I grow up in a town just like it . Little place in Michigan . you ever hear of it ? kelly Michigan ? bruce '' Little place . '' about fifteen mile North of dearborn . kelly sound nice . bruce people really care about one another out there . '' value '' mean more than half - price cereal at the supermarket . ( remember ) make my first movie there , when I be still in High School . kelly really ? ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 58 . continued : bruce we be kid ... naive , innocent . we want to make a film that reflect we hope and dream ... kelly what be it call ? bruce '' blade of the skullripper . '' guess that 's when I get the act bug . kelly you have come a long way since then . bruce ( sardonic ) guess you have not see any of my recent movie . Kelly smile at that . kelly believe it or not , Jeff 's show I a couple . I do not know about the plot , but you be usually pretty good in they . Bruce be take by the compliment . bruce you really mean that ? kelly would not say it if I do not . Bruce stop and turn to face Kelly . a romantic moment in the off . bruce you be just full of surprise , Kelly Graham . you be go to find this hard to believe , but I have always be shy . maybe that 's why I come on so strong ... kelly hey , I come on a little strong myself . bruce ( move in for kiss ) it 's never be ... easy for I to ... ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 59 . continued : ( 2 ) kelly yes ? bruce ... express my ... true feeling ... as Bruce be about to kiss she , Kelly suddenly look over she shoulder , annoyed . kelly you want to move that hand ? pull out to reveal Bruce 's hand clamp securely on Kelly 's butt cheek . he jerk it away . bruce sorry . kelly I will let it go ... this time ... Kelly 's already forgiven he . they be close for they first kiss when there 's a harummph off camera . Bruce and Kelly both look over in surprise , see everyone from the dance in the street , stare at they . mayor Mr. Campbell . ( tap watch ) it 's time . Bruce look at Kelly . back at the Mayor . desperate to consummate the kiss . bruce five minute . mayor Mr. Campbell ... bruce for the love of God , I can smell she chap -stick ! but the Mayor 's expression say '' nope ! '' off this moment ... int . gun store - night the door whip open and Bruce move inside , check out the wall of rifle , shotgun , pistol and other weapon . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 60 . continued : Zoom in on Bruce 's face , hard and serious . the bald storekeeper wait expectantly . bruce all right , small - town America . show I what you have get . in a montage of image we see a tough man 's hand get ready for some monster killin’ action . capable hand strap on a flak - jacket with multiple pocket for weapon . cinch up a sheath for a big - ass hunt knife . finger quickly punch shell into a shotgun . a hand spin a revolver old west style , drop it into a leather holster . hand strap on double shotgun holster , plunging double - barrel into each holster . finally the hand grab a Jason - esque hockey mask . as the hand prepare to put on the mask ... pull back to reveal the incredibly well - armed / armored man be actually ... the mayor . mayor okay . I be set . continue to pull back to reveal Bruce stand nearby , totally unarm , watch incredulously . bruce wonderful . anything leave for I ? Jeff reach behind the counter and swing up a silver plate chainsaw , bang it down on the counter . jeff I have it make special , just for you . a Briggs and stratton two - barrel with a half - inch claw . Bruce pick up the see , hefting it , check it out . it 's be customize with a Bruce Campbell signature on the gleam blade . bruce sweet. ( toss it aside ) and if I be go up against a tree , possibly even appropriate . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 61 . continued : ( 2 ) Bruce start point at gun , grenade , bear-trap and other device hang on display in the gun store , like a guy point at the food picture in a chinese restaurant . bruce ( cont 'd ) gimme one of that , two of that , a handful of that ... attaboy , just keep ‘em come , cueball ... the bald storekeeper load the weaponry up in Bruce 's arm , weigh he down with rifle , shotgun and bazookas . Bruce stagger a moment under the weight , then suddenly just dump everything . bruce ( cont 'd ) who want a piece of this ? Jeff and several other townfolk step forward . casual , Bruce start toss they weapon . he hurl a rifle ata squinch - face man smoking a pipe ... bruce ( cont 'd ) here you go , popeye ... he toss a ' 45 Magnum pistol at a skinny look schoolteacher type ... bruce ( cont 'd ) schwarzenegger get the '' make my day '' ... on a roll , Bruce toss three or four hand grenade to a second man , nonchalantly go for style point and toss the last one under he leg . bruce ( cont 'd ) head up ! hup hup hup ! as the grenade man struggle / juggle to catch they , the storekeeper be aghast . storekeeper Mr. Campbell , that be live grenade . Bruce give the storekeeper a know wink . bruce pull the other one , spit-shine ! ( rise ) the rest of you , do not be shy ! load up ! ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 62 . continued : ( 3 ) as the other townfolk gather around the pick up they weapon , include a severe look '' farm woman '' who sample several piece , then pick up one of the bear trap . bruce ( cont 'd ) sure you know how to handle that , sister ? the farm woman pull a carrot out of she pocket , put it between the trap 's jaw and triggers the mechanism . chop the carrot off at the root . bruce ( cont 'd ) all right ! you be take point ! as the farmer continue to arm up , Jeff come up beside Bruce . jeff be you ready for this ? bruce kid , I make a movie in Bulgaria . I be ready for anything . the Mayor and several other male townfolk nod knowingly at the seemingly non-sequitur comment as Bruce move to the doorway of the store . he frame himself heroically in the doorway , look back at he peep . bruce ( cont 'd ) let 's rock . ext . sawville STREET - night a convoy of car and pick -up tear through downtown sawville , past the bar , where kelly watch with worry . some of the armed - up townfolk be stand in the back of the pick -up , wave and fire they gun in rowdy celebration of the battle to come . suddenly , bruce 's truck skid to a stop outside the bar , dust billow up around it ( even though it 's a paved street ... what up with that ? ) Bruce emerge from the wafting dust , practically in Kelly 's arm . bruce hey baby . how about a kiss for good luck . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 63 . continued : apparently move by the gesture , Kelly look Bruce in the eye . for a instant it look like they be go to finally kiss , then : kelly you wanna move that hand ? pan down to reveal Bruce 's hand clamp on Kelly 's boob . bruce just check . the '' romantic '' moment shattered , Bruce back toward he truck , jaunty as ever . bruce ( cont 'd ) put yourself on simmer , sweetheart . ' Cause when I come back , I plan to stake a claim to the prettiest green eye I have ever see . ( to the other ) now let 's do this thing ! as the pick -up and car tear out , hold on Kelly , who look worried and concerned . kelly my eye be brown ... as the car careen into the darkness ... ext . staging area - night a field outside some wood somewhere on the outskirt of town . the full moon offer some illumination along with the fiery torch be carry by several townfolk . they be also all equip with small personal walkie talkie . as the move through the area , the mayor spot something on the ground . note that the Mayor be still wear he Friday the 13th hockey mask and all the weaponry / accoutrement that he gather at the gun store . mayor hold it . what do you make of this ? Bruce kneel , authoritative , pick up a handful of gravel , sifting it through he finger . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 64 . continued : bruce ( thoughtful ) look like gravel . mayor I mean this track . a set of well define , devil-hoof footprint be visible in the gravel . bruce I have say we have find we a guan - Di . Bruce rise as the townspeople gather ' round . mayor no surprise . the killing have all be in this general area . ( rise , somber ) we be on it 's hunt ground now . bruce ( with gravitas ) it 's not hunt we , Mayor . we be hunt he . the townfolk exchange dubious look . mayor no , I think it 's still hunt we . Bruce can sense the '' nervousness '' of he team . bruce okay , it 's liable to get ugly out there . so when thing look bad , when it look like you be not go to make it , remember two thing . one , even if you do not have medical insurance , emergency room be mandate by Federal law to treat severely injure patient . that do not exactly inspire confidence . guy with torch what 's number two ? bruce ( pause for effect ) none of that matter , ' cause Bruce Campbell 's get you back . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 65 . continued : ( 2 ) with that rouse think galvanize they , the townfolk roar they approval and the whole posse take off into the wood . Bruce and the woman lug the bear- trap take the lead ... ext . wood - night the townfolk and Bruce have fan out in the dark wood . flicker torch and flashlight through the tree . random walkie-talkie message squawk through the silence . walkie voice this be Henderson . I be crossing haselton Road ... no sign of the demon , over . Jeff hang close to Bruce as they stalk through the underbrush , they gun out and ready . bruce it 's quiet . almost too ... walkie voice ( super-loud ) wait ! Bruce jump at the super- loud warning . bruce Jesus ! walkie voice I think I hear something ... suddenly , the weird , ominous sound of the guan - Di echoe through the area . sort of like a cross between some chinese chant and the screech of a owl . Bruce be impressed , glance toward Jeff . bruce when this be over , you gotta introduce I to the guy who do you foley ! through the wood a dark figure , the guan - Di , float through the darkness . moonlight glint off the demon 's sword and ritual costume , but it 's barely visible . walkie voice wait ... wait ... oh God , I think I see it , over !! ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 66 . continued : Bruce grab he walkie-talkie . bruce good ! now see if you can flank he and ease he around to my position , over . walkie voice he 's get a sword , over !! bruce right . just move he on over and ... walkie voice it 's a big sucker ! Bruce be get annoyed with all the pointless '' delay . '' bruce Point take ! now please lead El demonostro my way so I can ... ( make '' air quote '' for a baffle Jeff ) .-- '' open fire '' and we can all get back to town ... walkie voice shit , he see I ! he 's turn this way ... bruce oh great . walkie voice God oh shit oh ahhhhhhhh -- the walkie Voice suddenly do dead . Bruce stare at the walkie in he hand . bruce hello ? he hit the '' talk '' button , get loud squawks . bruce ( cont 'd ) test , testing . dammit , be you bring I this '' demon '' or not ? nothing but static on the walkie-talkie . really annoyed now , Bruce stand up , wave he arm impatiently . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 67 . continued : ( 2 ) bruce ( cont 'd ) okay , everybody . cut , cut ! ( annoyed ) I be try to stay in character , but radio-schmucko seem to lose a couple page of the script ... suddenly something careen out of the darkness , landing at Bruce 's foot with a thud . it 's the bear- trap woman 's severe head , steam - breath still puffing from she lip . Bruce look down at the head , still not quite understanding what 's really go on . thinks it 's a make - up effect . bruce ( cont 'd ) breath 's a nice touch . Dead ahead , several more townfolk suddenly rush out of the wood , straight toward Bruce , scream in terror . bruce ( cont 'd ) what the -- ? where be you go ? as one of the slower townfolk try to get away , the fiercesome figure of the guan - Di suddenly loom over he , he sword lashing out and split the man 's head in two ! split man gahhghh ! Jeff grab at Bruce 's sleeve , tug at he . jeff Bruce ! do something ! as Bruce gape in disbelief , the guan - Di emerge from the shadow , rise to it 's full eight foot height . sword drip blood , it 's eye blaze red . suddenly ( and improbably ) there 's a flash of lightning , and Bruce get he first full - on look at the terrifying demon . bruce what the fuck be that ? running townie it 's the guan- di! zoom in on Bruce 's astonished face as the full , awful reality hit he like a sledgehammer . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 68 . continued : ( 3 ) bruce you mean the son of a bitch be real ? running townie shoot it ! shoot it ! Bruce 's action hero derring - do suddenly vanish . terrify , panic , Bruce struggle to whip up he shotgun . shake like Don knott , he blindly fire ! blam ! hitting one of the flee townspeople in the shoulder ! fleeing townie aghhh ! my arm ! freaking out , Bruce shoot wildly again . blam ! another fleeing townie owwww ww , my leg ! bruce gangway !! terrify , Bruce start to run away from the approach demon , fire blindly over he shoulder . boom ! yet another fleeing townie ahhh , my ear !! terrified townie stop shoot , stop shoot ! as Bruce bolt , Jeff can not believe he eye . jeff Bruce ! where be you go ? Bruce toss he shotgun into the brush and start to run full tilt . bruce the hell away from here ! the guan - Di continue advance , raise he blood - soak sword , a genuinely scary vision in the moonlit wood as bruce pick up speed , hurdle brush and fall log like a olympian , eventually pass some of the scared towny who have a head start on he . this include the Mayor , still in he hockey mask . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 69 . continued : ( 4 ) mayor Campbell , you coward ! you be suppose to protect we ! bruce branch . the Mayor do not understand the comment until he slam face first into a low hang branch . as the Mayor flip over onto he ass , Bruce do not even slow down , run back into the ext . staging area - night breathe hard , the scream of the townspeople echoing behind he , Bruce frantically run to the park car and pick -up , try to find one with the key in the ignition . bruce no key ?! int . car - night desperate , Bruce throw open the door to a car and lean under the dashboard , rip out the ignition wire . he break apart two of the wire and try to spark the engine to start , but instead he electrocute himself ! bruce all right , coil wire to the ignit ... ( as he get a spark ) gahhygg ! ! the force of the electric shock slam Bruce 's head into the underside of the dash . bruce ( cont 'd ) Owwww ! daze , he fall forward on the expose wire and get zapped again . bruce ( cont 'd ) jeezz !! struggle to get away from the sparking wire , Bruce suddenly hear a gentle ding - a- ling of a bicycle bell . verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 70 . ext . staging area —- night Bruce pull out of the car as little kid on a tiny '' sting - Ray '' type bike ( ! ) ride through the scene . canvas newspaper delivery bag on the back of he bike . little kid Paper , mister ? Bruce think a moment , then have a idea . bruce yeah ! as the Little kid stop , reach for a newspaper , Bruce run for he , glance around guiltily . bruce ( cont 'd ) hey , kid ! you parent around ? kid uhh -- bruce good ! desperate , Bruce throws the kid off the bike then jump on the banana seat , churn he leg as fast as he can . teeter , barely keep he balance , Bruce race away from the staging area . ext . sawville road - night Bruce race the small bike out onto the main road , leg still churn wildly , when he 's blind by on-rush headlight . Bruce throw a arm up to protect he eye and lose control of the bike , sailing off the road and crash into a tree . as he pick himself up from the brush , the car that almost hit he back up to check on he . a old lady driver roll down she window . old lady Young man , be you all right ? Bruce run for the car like a drown man claw for a life preserver . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 71 . continued : bruce you gotta get I out of here ! the Old Lady point to the cat carrier rest on the car 's passenger seat . the old tabby inside meow affectionately . old lady I be sorry , but there 's no room ... frantic , Bruce suddenly grab the Old Lady 's arm and throws her out of the truck ! bruce there be now ! as the Old Lady hit the pavement , Bruce jump into the trunk and punch it . as gravel spew from the tire , the Old Lady raise a feeble hand . old lady wait ! my kitty -kitty ! as if in response , the cat carrier suddenly fly out the passenger window , accompany by a loud meowwwww ! int . old lady 's car - night desperate , sweaty , craze , Bruce hunker over the steering wheel and careen down the dark road , drive like a bat outta hell . the light from the dashboard give he face a eerie , '' up - shadow '' cast . bruce demon ... monster ... what the hell be they think ? thing 's on my ass now ... supernatural bastard ... I gotta make track but fast ... ext . old lady car - night from Bruce 's Pov as he haul ass , headlight stabbing the darkness , suddenly flash across a woman push a baby carriage ! and Bruce be head straight for she ! bruce oh hell ! Bruce crank the wheel to avoid the woman ... verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 72 . ext . sawville - night the swerving , careen headlight of Bruce 's steal car suddenly appear in the distance . in the foreground , a couple of disinterested townsy , munch on snow - cone , take vague notice . disinterested townie wonder who that be ? in the distance , the headlight suddenly swerve off the road . there 's a distant screeech of tire , the crunch of metal , then a muffle '' plumphh '' as flame erupt in the distance . then a single figure begin to run / limp down the street . as he get closer , we see it 's Bruce , silhouett by the flame , yelping every time he land on he injure leg . bruce ( limping ) Son of a oww gotta get ohh outta here shit ... Bruce run up to the two disinterested towny and grab they by they jacket . Bruce be crazy / angry with fear . bruce ( cont 'd ) I need a car ! pronto ! disinterested townie be not you that demon-fight fella ? that pull Bruce up short . as he look around , more sawville shopkeeper and resident emerge onto the sidewalk . Bruce begin to realize he 's make a '' scene . '' bruce yeah , yeah , that 's I . ( think , then ) I , uhh , I blow the thing to Kingdom come ! yeah , that 's it ... I just come back for , uhh , shovel . to scrape he up . and trash bag ! it 's helluva mess out there ... as Bruce '' improvise '' , a pick - up truck roll down the street . see that the open bed be empty , Bruce throw a '' goodbye '' salute toward the baffle towny and ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 73 . continued : leap into the back . grinning at he good luck ... bruce ( cont 'd ) so long , sucker ! .»+.as the truck pull over and park , the driver get out and go to one of the shop . bruce ( cont 'd ) Son of a -- beside himself , Bruce leap out of the truck as the sound of car horn rise in the distance . it 's the caravan of survive monster fighter , come back into town . hear all the racket , kelly come out of she bar , worried . when she see Bruce , they lock eye for a moment . kelly Bruce . where 's Jeff ? bruce Jeff ? kelly you just leave he out there ? bruce no ! I mean , kind of ! ( off she disdain ) come on , lady , nobody tell I this monster be real ! down the street , a grayhound bus come around a corner , get ready to pull out of town . bruce ( cont 'd ) ( desperate , to Kelly ) shoe 's untied ! Kelly look down . Bruce take the opportunity to sprint for the bus just as jeff step out of one of the approach car , devastate by Bruce 's betrayal . jeff Mom ! where 's Bruce ? more townfolk emerge from they car , some still bleed and seriously piss off after Bruce 's shoot ‘em up . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 74 . continued : ( 2 ) shot in arm guy thespian bastard shot I in the arm ! Bruce , run for the bus , turn and run backwards as he try to respond to the charge . bruce sorry ! shot in leg guy he get I in the leg ! as the crowd become a mob and begin to surge toward Bruce , he bolt for the grayhound . bruce ( to bus ) wait ! wait ! for the luvva God , stop ! he reach the bus and slap at the side until it grind to a stop . gasp , Bruce run for the door and jump inside , the bus pull out just as the mob reach it . townsfolk get out of town ! go back to Hollywood ! you shot my uncle ! gasp , Bruce move to the back of the bus and look out the rear window as the mob recede , throw rock , faucet , a round poker table and other handy item against the glass . but Bruce 's focus be on kelly and jeff , stand together . as they recede in the distance , they mutual look of betrayal be like dagger in Bruce 's heart . as Bruce settles into he seat , utterly devastate , a elbow -jointed piece of plumbing pipe banging behind he ... ext . bruce 's house - daybreak the bus stop at the driveway by Bruce 's trailer and he get off , shoulder slumping , a shell of a man . as Bruce near the stoop of he trailer , he spot a padded manila envelope on the porch . dissolute , Bruce grab it and head inside . verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 75 . int . bruce 's house - day Bruce walk into he trailer and spot samnrob on he blanket . after he awful day , Bruce be aching for a little affection . bruce cute little Sam ’nrob . at least I still have you . ( kneel ) C ’mere , boy . the dog just stare at Bruce . bruce ( cont 'd ) come on , little guy . here boy . here boy . come on , fella . come to daddy . that 's it . come on . here boy , here boy , here boy ... ( suddenly mad ) Son of a bitch !! Bruce hurl the manila envelope at the dog , get a loud bark and screech . give up on the mutt , Bruce wander to a cupboard , pull out a box of generic '' fruit loops '' cereal . he fill a bowl with cereal , then grab a quart of milk from the fridge and sloshes it on . bruce ( cont 'd ) I all feel better after breakfast ... it 's most important meal of the day ... he 's about to dig in when he notice the '' message '' light blink on he answer machine . heartbroken , he punch the '' play '' button . answering machine ( jaunty voice ) this be Bruce Campbell , actor extraordinaire . if you be young , female and not currently incarcerate , page I at star -998 , otherwise leave a message after the tone ... beep . deborah ( on machine ) Bruce , it 's deborah . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 76 . continued : bruce Deb ...? ( grab machine ) deborah ? deborah ( on machine ) there 's something I have be meaning to tell you , something that 's be weigh on I ever since we divorce . Bruce clutches the answer machine to he heart , praying for good news . bruce of course I forgive you ! deborah ( on machine ) ... it 's the alimony payment . it 's just not cut it . bruce huh ?! deborah ( on machine ) my lawyer 's file a motion to have it increase , along with a restrain order , so do not even try return this call ... fuming , Bruce rip the answer machine cord out of the wall , then smashes the box on the floor . bruce heartless hell - spawn ! emotionally crush , Bruce spot the manila envelope near Sam 's Rob 's dog blanket . he rip it open and pull out two script . '' cavealien 3 and 4 . '' as Bruce 's jaw fall open , he notice a little buck slip paper- clipped to the first script , '' from the desk of Mills toddner . '' Hand write under that , '' pack you bag , baby , they be back - to- back in Romania ! Love ya , Mills . '' bruce ( cont 'd ) no ... no ... ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 77 . continued : ( 2 ) his life fall to piece before he eye , Bruce stumble back , trip over a throw rug . as he flail , he accidentally smack the bowl of fruit loops , sending they flying . as Bruce land on he ass , the fruit loops and milk explode over he , the cereal stick to he like bizarre sequin . as Bruce lie there , daze , milk and cereal drip off he , the doorbell ring . bruce ( cont 'd ) hold on ... just a minute ... still drip fruit loops , Bruce stagger to the door . he throw it open , revealing ... a hard - edged stripper ( kasey ) in a flag bikini , wave two light sparkler . bottle of whiskey under one arm . bruce ( cont 'd ) I be busy ! kasey and I be kasey , the famous sing prostitute ! ( sing ) I be here to offer birthday greeting and wish you lot of luck , and if you be really really nice I will even toss in a for -- bruce ( cut she off ) who send you ?! kasey fumble in she tiny purse , find a note ... kasey '' from you friend and agent , Mills toddner . here 's some birthday sugar , baby . '' Bruce stare at kasey in slack - jaw disbelief . fruit loops dangle from he hair and face . bruce this be my surprise ? a woman ? kasey actually I be only half - way through my tran - gender surgeries , so technically ... ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 78 . continued : ( 3 ) kasey reach for she bikini bottom , like she 's go to pull they down and show Bruce something '' surprising . '' Bruce wave he hand frantically . bruce for the love of God , stop !! as kasey relent , Bruce 's phone ring . struggle to maintain he emotional equilibrium , he stagger back to answer it as kasey enter , look around curiously . bruce ( cont 'd ) Campbell residence . intercut with : int . jeff' trailer - day Jeff 's on the phone , talk to Bruce from he trailer . jeff Bruce . it 's Jeff . bruce ( eye narrowing ) you little bastard . you be the one who drag I into this nightmare ! now I suppose you be go to chew my ass for take a powder . jeff no. I ... I just want to thank you . Bruce look at the phone like Jeff 's speak swahili . bruce thank I ?! jeff for teach I the meaning of '' courage . '' bruce I run like a cheap mascara ! jeff that 's just it . I be try to dodge my responsibility by dump they on you . you show I that I have to face this thing on my own . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 79 . continued : Bruce can not believe he 's be let off the hook . improve to suggest that be he plan all along . bruce well ... think I have help you shape up ... I be glad you have see the error of you way ... yeah ... jeff Truth be , I be the one who unleash the guan - Di . so it 's up to I to kill it . the reality of Jeff 's plan hit Bruce 's addle brain . bruce you be gonna take on toshiro mcshithead ? jeff all I need be a push . thank you , Mr. Campbell ... as the line go dead ... bruce kid ! kid !! ( slam down phone ) Son of a -- kasey boyfriend trouble ? bruce ( reeling ) no ! distraught , Bruce pace he live room . he grab the bottle that kacey bring and spin off the cap , about to drink himself to oblivion when he hesitates ... bruce ( cont 'd ) stupid kid ... he 's gonna get himself kill ! ( about to drink ) what do I care ? I have get my own problem ! as Bruce stare at the bottle , suddenly two tiny Bruce figure appear on he shoulder . one be the '' angel '' Bruce , complete with simper voice . the other be the '' Devil '' Bruce , with a growl nasty voice . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 80 . continued : ( 2 ) bruce ( cont 'd ) who be you ? angel bruce I be you good nature , Bruce . ( simper voice ) if Jeff go up against the guan - Di alone , he 'il be cut to ribbon . you have get to help the lad ! devil bruce ( gruff voice ) do not listen to he ! kid 's a asshole ! fuck he ! nobody life forever ! angel bruce ( simper voice ) how can you even think such a thing ? this young man be we biggest fan ! as this conversation continue , two more , even tinier Bruce figure magically appear -- this time on the angel bruce 's tiny shoulder ! angel bruce’s angel ( simper voice ) you be absolutely right , angel Bruce . remind he that we fan support we no matter what . angel bruce’s devil ( gruff voice ) what the hell be you talk about ? if Campbell take the dirt nap , we be all toast ! surprisingly , that last piece of logic hit home with angel Bruce . angel bruce ( simper voice ) well , he do have a point . and young Jeff do release the fiend ... ( to big Bruce ) maybe we should let he die ... Bruce suddenly scream , wave he arm , dissipate the multiple bicker devil / angel figure . bruce ahhhh ! ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 81 . continued : ( 3 ) Bruce look at the whisky bottle , sorely tempt , then suddenly hurl it across the room . resolve building in he face . bruce ( cont 'd ) ( to kasey ) you . uncle Sam - antha . how have you like to make a quick fifty buck ? kasey rise with a matter of fact sigh , reach for she bikini bottom . kasey Story of my life ... bruce no ! I need a ride ! kasey that 's why I be here ... bruce in you car ! kasey oh . where be we go ? bruce Little town call sawville . ( gritting he tooth ) look like I have get to kill I a guan - di. as kasey blankly mull this non-sequitur ... ext . sawville STREET - day kasey 's vw bug putt -putt into town , pull over on main - street . regardless of the weather , kasey 's still in she sexy patriotic bikini . as they both get out ... bruce sit . try not to blow anybody until I get back . Bruce start down the sidewalk , the same walk he take the day before . but this time the reaction be much different . he 's meet with sneer and snarl . gingerly , he approach the ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 82 . continued : grocery store , display of apple out front . Bruce start to reach for a apple , like yesterday , only to have the shopkeeper slam a butcher knife down inch from he finger . shopkeeper apple be not for sale ! Bruce back off , count he finger , and continue down the sidewalk , pause in front of the appliance store . a display of ghetto- blaster radio out front . Bruce offer a meek little wave to the appliance store owner , who angrily punch the play button on one of the radio . appliance store owner wrote this last night , bitch . a chugge rap song start to play ... radio rap song ( sing -song rap ) bruce campbell , man use to be it , now bruce campbell , man 's fulla shit . actor-man say he have save we town from fear , but all we see be he yellow rear , bruce campbell , that 's right , bruce campbell , run from a fight , bruce campbell , get ball like a mouse , bruce campbell , he 's worthless louse ... ( etc ) Bruce move off from the blaring rap-song , pass a elderly man , the one who give he the sign of the cross earlier . bruce I just want to thank you for you bless , kind sir ... the elderly man suddenly hawk a enormous loogie into Bruce 's face , leave strand of saliva dangle from Bruce 's chin . as Bruce try to mop this off , he come across the same group of school child he have bump into the day before . see Bruce , they rush up excitedly , but instead of '' hail the conquer hero , '' they start kick and punch he . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 83 . continued : ( 2 ) kide you piece of shit ! coward ! wimp ! bruce come on , kid , I do my best -- the first kid kick he . first kid you shot my dad ! second kid I draw this picture of you ! the kid show Bruce the draw : Bruce run away from a monster , a yellow streak up he back , lump of poop come out of he pants . as the kid jeer , a third kid , the one who have draw Bruce get he head cut off last time , tentatively show Bruce he new draw . third kid I still believe in you , Mr. Campbell . the draw show Bruce stand on the neck of the dead monster , triumphant . Bruce be touch ... bruce gosh , thanks ... but before Bruce can get too mushy , the other kid turn on third kid and start pound he , rip he draw to piece . third kid oww ! stop !! wahhhhhh ... Bruce use the distraction to ease away , finally reach Kelly 's bar . a close sign in the window . frustrate , Bruce be try to figure he next move when he notice a billow of smoke rise from behind the building . he go around to the side , where kelly be stand over a burn barrel , grab papers and poster from the back of she pick - up bed and jam they into the flame . note : there 's a stock gun rack inside the pick -up . bruce Kelly ! Kelly turn , eye narrowing when she see Bruce . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 84 . continued : ( 3 ) kelly go back to Hollywood , big shot . find yourself some hot and cold run starlet . you and I be so over ... bruce Kelly , please . I be not a shallow sex machine like most Hollywood type ... as Bruce struggle to reason with Kelly , kacey , still in she bikini , march up on they . kacey hey , mister , you owe I $ 50 ! Kelly be stunne . Bruce be mortify . bruce just a second ... kacey and we still need to have sex ! as Bruce stammer , kacey pat the ground , like that 's where they should do it . kacey ( cont 'd ) right here would work . ( to Kelly ) hey , b-cup , get a blanket we could borrow ? kelly who be this ? bruce she 's a ... kacey ( catch he ) technically I be still a '' he '' ... Bruce 's shoulder sag as he realize the truth be only go to get he in more trouble , but ... bruce '' he '' be a ... ( mumble real fast ) ...famoussingingprostitute ... ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 85 . continued : ( 4 ) kacey toss in another twenty - five buck and I ’1l1 do she too . kelly ( to Bruce , disgust ) my God . you really be a total waste of skin . torn between kacey 's demand and Kelly 's disgust , Bruce turn to Kelly . bruce just ... wait ! frustrate , Bruce run back to kacey and peel out $ 50 . bruce ( cont 'd ) for Christ 's sake , just take it and go ! he start back toward Kelly , then stop , lowering he voice to kacey . bruce ( cont 'd ) ( pig latin ) i’1l take a raincheck on the ex - say a little ater - lay . as kacey take the money and leave , Bruce run back to Kelly as she shove even more papers into the bin . he 's about to say something when he notice the '' papers '' all consist of Bruce Campbell memorabilia . bruce ( cont 'd ) Kelly , listen to I , we do not have time to ... ( shocked ) hey ! that be my poster ! kelly Jeff ask I to purge he trailer . it be my pleasure . she stuff a mindwarp poster into the flame . bruce sweet Jesus ! that 's the limited edition '' '' B '' style ! kelly plenty more where that come from . ( annoyed ) ( more ) ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 86 . continued : ( 5 ) kelly ( cont 'd ) be you still here ? do not you have a bad movie to make ? Kelly pull a ash '' Army of darkness '' action figure from the bed of the pick - up and toss it into the flame as Bruce wince . bruce a couple , actually . but the truth be ... I have not be able to stop think about you . kelly oh please . she shake she head derisively as Bruce take a step closer , just inch away from she . bruce I know it sound crazy . I mean , we barely know each other . but I think ... I think I be in ... kelly you wanna move that hand ? pull out and reveal Bruce 's hand jamme down the back of Kelly 's pants . Bruce pull out he hand , chagrine . bruce okay . so maybe it 's over between we . at least let I help you rescue Jeff . Kelly stop in the midst of jam another poster into the flame , startle . kelly Jeff need to be rescue ? bruce he call I this morning . he 's go after the guan- di! kelly what ? bruce I think you know ! Kelly look toward the sky , the sun close to set . kelly oh my God ! it ’1ll be dark soon . ( intense ) ( more ) ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 87 . continued : ( 6 ) kelly ( cont 'd ) we need to get the town together , now ! as Kelly grab a cell - phone from she pocket , frantically punch a number , Bruce try to pluck the smolder Bruce doll from the flame ... int . kelly 's bar - night a group of grumble townfolk , several sport new splint , bandage on they face , crutch and other medical evidence of Bruce shoot spree have gather in Kelly 's bar . a rumble of discontent magnify into open rebellion when bruce appear . as if on cue , the entire mob surge forward and grab Bruce , pin he against the wall , punch he . bruce owww ! wait ! oww ! a boy 's life oww hang in umph the balance ! kelly stop it ! now ! the angry roar subside . the crowd , still hold Bruce , turn toward Kelly . kelly ( cont 'd ) let he talk . Bruce stare into they face , all seethe with sheer rage , then ... bruce look , rural folk , I know I let you down ... and I be sorry . but the callow movie star who come into you life yesterday be not the man stand before you today . the townfolk release Bruce and take a step back , tentatively give Bruce a moment to redeem himself . bruce ( cont 'd ) that 's right . it take the faith of a kid like Jeff , and the decency of a good woman like Kelly to help I see the light . in the last twenty four hour , I have learn a little something about honor . respect . ( more ) ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 88 . continued : bruce ( cont 'd ) ( he look at Kelly ) maybe even love . this time even Kelly be touch by Bruce 's sentiment . bruce ( cont 'd ) man 's not much if he can not own up to he mistake . so I be here to apologize , but more importantly , to make this right . ( heartfelt ) I be not just ask you for a second chance . I be begging you for one . there 's a long moment of silence . Bruce stand there a moment , then reverse the angle , revealing that the room be completely empty . everyone just leave , except Kelly . kelly you move ‘em , all right . ext . chinese graveyard - night the gate loom in the darkness as headlight wash across the gate . after a moment , Jeff step from he car , grab a rifle and a flashlight . as he close the car door , a breeze kick up a flutter of leave that wash across the old tombstone . jeff okay . this be a bad idea . as Jeff stare at the molder grave ... ext . cave - night rock begin to rattle , signal the re-emergence of the demonic guan - Di . as the rock - fall clatter ... ext . chinese cemetary - night Jeff hear the rock move and get the creep . jeff scratch '' maybe . '' as Jeff nervously hold he position , rifle in hand , wait for the guan - Di to emerge ... verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 89 . int . kelly pick - up / ext . road - night Kelly hunch over the wheel , steaming mad . Bruce be sit beside she , reeling from she verbal assault . as they tear down the road , the last vestige of sunlight disappear behind the tree ... kelly Big ass movie-star . have not you ever hear of a telephone ?! no , you have to waste eight hour drive all the way back . bruce think chick 's get off on the whole mano a mano thing . kelly mano a moron , you mean ... Bruce glance through the back cab window , look at the Bruce Campbell memorabilia scattered in the truck bed . poster , cardboard standee and even script . bruce wait a minute . light-bulb go off , Bruce reach through the window into the back truck bed ... kelly do not mess around . my demolition supplies be back there . Bruce look again , notice a wooden crate that say dynamite . bruce you keep a crate of dynamite in you truck ? kelly you do not ? Bruce do not have a answer to that . he fumble a little more , pull back with a handful of old script . kelly ( cont 'd ) what be you do with that ? ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 90 . continued : bruce listen , sister , maybe you idea of a '' plan '' be to tap this guan - Di on the shoulder and '' pretty - please '' he to death , but seem to I we be gonna need more than that . kelly and you think you be can find it in one of you old script ? bruce brilliant Hollywood writer spend week on this storey ! kelly gimme a break ... bruce rising action , character arc , set up and pay off ... kelly I have see better plot ina bazooka Joe comic ! Bruce sneer at the insult , flipping open a script . he read a second , then ... bruce this could work -- where 's the close oceanic oil drilling platform ? kelly Ireland . miffed , Bruce toss that script out the window , open another . bruce you get any abandon steel mill with giant vat of molten metal ? Kelly shake she head '' no . '' Bruce toss that one , try again . bruce ( cont 'd ) extensive cave system with cannibal bat underneath a active volcano ? Kelly shake she head no again . out go another script . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 91 . continued : ( 2 ) bruce ( cont 'd ) a island full of mutate giant gorilla ? no , wait , I die in that one ... ext . road - night Kelly suddenly veer off the main road , take the same dirt road we see Jeff and Clayton take earlier . as Bruce slam against the side of the truck from the turn ... bruce umph ! ( rub he head ) do you even know where you be go ? kelly Jeff 's friend be kill outside a old chinese cemetary . I be guess that 's ... bruce ( cut she off ) Lady , guesswork be the last thing we need right now . she point out the window at a sign nail to a tree . " Jeff 's this way ! '' kelly the sign help . they careen down the dirt road , come up on the ... ext . cemetary - night Bruce and Kelly pull up to the old cemetary , a waft of dust roll over they as they park next to Jeff 's car . Kelly jump out and look in Jeff 's vehicle , scared when she realize he 's go . kelly oh my God . he 's go . ( yell ) Jeff ! jeff ! no answer . as Kelly get more concerned . bruce Boy 's get any sense , he 's probably hightail it back to town . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 92 . continued : kelly if he have any sense , he would not have call you . ( yell ) jeff ! jeff !! as Kelly continue call , Bruce reach into Kelly 's truck and grab a rifle off the gun rack . bruce we would better split up . you go around to the right , I will go ... ( bump into someone ) ahhhh ! ! Bruce yelp as he turn around , realize he bump into jeff , who be stand right behind he . kelly Jeff ! as Kelly run toward she son , Bruce notice that Jeff 's freeze in fear , he eye wide and stare . jeff ( eye fix ) hi , Bruce . with trepidation , Bruce follow Jeff 's stare across the graveyard , to ... the fearsome guan - DI , loom in the shadow , sword gleam in the moonlit darkness . as Kelly reach Jeff , pull he close in a hug , she also see the demonic creature . oh no ... rifle in hand , Bruce step in front of Kelly and Jeff . bruce stay behind I . ( cock rifle ) thing heat up , Mr. Winchester 's gonna get mighty nervous . suddenly , the stand - off be break when another figure enter , just in front of the guan - Di . it 's old wing , the bowl chinese wise man ! wing Mr. Campbell . so you have return . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 93 . continued : ( 2 ) bruce that 's right , wing . wing you think you can destroy guan - Di ? destroy the protector of the dead ? you be a fool ! bruce pot meet kettle , pajama-man . wing do not you see ? the demon be under my command ... exact my revenge against that who have scorn I ... he 's nothing more than a empty-heade vessel do my bid ... the guan - Di look down at wing with a cranky '' huh ? what have you say ? '' look . bruce uhh -- kelly Mr. wing ! he 's right behind you ! wing laugh at Kelly 's concern , pull a small packet of food from he chinese robe . wing I have nothing to fear from guan - Di , for I have come with the sacred bean curd . Bruce glance toward that mottle sign at the mouth of the graveyard . pro ecte fo that wh die . bewa E hose without ean urd . bruce Kelly , that sign ! ( beat ) '' protected for that who die ... beware that without bean curd ! '' of course ! wing laugh at Bruce , Kelly and Jeff , take a enormous bite of the ( rank ) bean curd . wing ( curd spilling from he mouth ) ( more ) ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 94 . continued : ( 3 ) wing ( cont 'd ) you see ! ha ha ha ha !! mmmm , good ! while wing be chuckle , the guan - Di be get seriously piss . he rise to he full height behind wing , eye blaze red with rage . bruce wait a sec . do not you say the guan - Di protect the dead -- zoom in on wing , bean curd still spilling from he mouth , as he glance back and see the guan - Di 's demonic , angry eye glow over he . bean curd still spilling from he mouth , wing suddenly realize he 's hose . wing good poin -- the guan - Di suddenly lash out , he silver blade lopping off wing 's head with one savage whack ! bean curd go fly as the guan - Di turn he demonic red eye toward Bruce and Kelly . kelly Bruce -- Bruce contemplate he next move , snap he finger as he get a idea . bruce wait , wait one minute ... ( remember ) there be one other script ... I do pass on it ... more like a rewrite ... actually , I save the thing , writer 's Guild screw I out of my credit ... kelly Bruce , what be it ?! Bruce suddenly raise he rifle and aim it , not at the guan - Di but at the tree branch over the guan - Di 's head . bruce sweet little number that go something like this -- Bruce fire ! the bullet hit a branch over the guan - Di 's head and split it off , send it drop straight toward the demon . the guan - Di look up as the branch come down -- ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 95 . continued : ( 4 ) missing he by inches and crash into a pile of log by the guan - Di 's foot . the impact dislodge the log and send they roll out of the graveyard ... straight toward bruce , kelly and jeff . bruce ( cont 'd ) run ! ! Kelly and Jeff bolt , but Bruce trip over a fall branch and pancake to the ground as the guan - Di approach . bruce ( cont 'd ) Kelly ! Jeff ! run! as they sprint off , the guan - Di reach Bruce and pick he up by the scruff of he shirt ... bruce ( cont 'd ) ayiyaiyaiyai ... then the guan- Di throws Bruce across the graveyard . Bruce slam into one of the old marker and slide to the ground , groan . he 's struggle to pick himself up when the guan - Di suddenly loom over he , grab he and hurling bruce into Kelly 's pick -up . Bruce 's ass crunch in the windshield , then he roll off and hit the dirt . as Bruce try to get up , the guan - Di 's shadow loom over he again . bruce ( cont 'd ) wait ... can not we talk this ouw www ... the guan - Di lift Bruce to he foot so they be look at each other eye to eye , then the guan - Di slam he palm into Bruce 's chest . ethereal FIRE explode from the contact as Bruce 's eye flutter , stretch into a '' oriental '' configuration and turn demonic red . he 's be possessed by the guan - di! bruce ( cont 'd ) ( growl ) nhhggrrrrrr ... the guan - Di release Bruce and he stagger back , walk jerkily , like a puppet on a string ... ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 96 . continued : ( 5 ) bruce ( cont 'd ) be ... u... let ... ext . wood - night Kelly and Jeff be racing through the moonlit wood , around tree and dense foliage , desperate to get away . kelly hurry , Jeff , run ! jeff ( over shoulder ) but , but what about ... suddenly the possessed bruce spring up in front of they . Kelly scream as Jeff slam right into he . Bruce 's hand snap out and grab Jeff around the throat , choke he . his other hand reach for Jeff 's pocket , and the asian amulet ( which have be there since Jeff put it there , back in he trailer ) . bruce ( possess ) you ... release guan- di... take be - u-let ... kelly Bruce ! what be you do ? as Jeff choke , unable to break free , Kelly try to punch Bruce away , but he 's too strong . kelly ( cont 'd ) for God 's sake , Bruce ! let he go ! desperate , Kelly find a heavy branch on the ground and swing it like a baseball bat , smash it across the back of Bruce 's head . but the limb simply disintegrate into dust as Bruce continue to choke Jeff . bruce ( possess ) ...took ... keeeeyyyy ... beaaannn curd ... kelly oh God oh God oh God ... ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 97 . continued : desperate , get a idea , Kelly pick up on the possess Bruce 's last comment and bolt back toward the graveyard . ext . chinese cemetary - night Kelly race to wing 's decapitate body . look for something , she kneel by wing 's corpse , pry open he dead hand ... ext . wood - night Kelly run back into the wood . Jeff be falter , gasp as possess Bruce continue to choke he . suddenly , kelly rush up to the demonic Bruce and stuff a handful of bean -curd into he mouth ! kelly suck on that , hell - demon ! let he go ! bean curd dribble from he possess lip , Bruce release Jeff , rear back and roar toward the heavens . spit curd into the sky . then , spend , Bruce drop to he knee , head down , gasp . not willing to take any chance , kelly find another thick branch and raise it , prepare for a kill stroke . she hesitates , just for a moment , eye fill with unexpected tear ... kelly ( cont 'd ) I ... I be sorry ... as she swing , Bruce 's hand suddenly snap up and catch she wrist mid-sw . Bruce 's head be still down , so for a instant we do not know if this be real or memorex - demon Bruce until ... he look up . his eye clear , back to normal . slowly shaking he head '' no '' as he stand , savore Kelly 's relief . bruce you be sorry . that bean -curd taste like ... the heroic moment be mute when Jeff , angry after be choke , kick bruce in the ball . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 98 . continued : bruce ( cont 'd ) oomphhhh ! ! jeff Son of a bitch , you try to kill I ! bruce ( pain voice ) no ... it be the demon ... the one without ball ... still in agony , Bruce show they the amulet . bruce ( cont 'd ) and this ... be what it 's after . kelly costume jewelry ? bruce not quite . ( glaring at Jeff ) genius here take it when he unleash hari-kari-larry . it 's a sacred amulet , the one that bring peace to the guan - Di and the soul of the dead . you know . just the whole reason we're here ! kelly easy . we can play the blame game later . question be , what do we do now ? Bruce pull himself together . look into the darkness . bruce what else you get in that truck of yours ? ext . cave - night OPEN tight on a smile , heroic Bruce Campbell face . slowly pull back to reveal it 's actually a cardboard standee from the cavealien movie , feature Bruce in he uniform . the box of dynamite right behind it . the standee be perch between some fall rock in the mouth of the cave . continue pulling back to reveal Bruce and Kelly roll demolition wire out away from the standee , toward a verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 99 . ext . dark spot in wood near cave - night Bruce and Kelly bring the wire back to Jeff , wait with the dynamite plunger . bruce Way I figure it , this demon have a serious hard - on for yours truly . when he spot my puss on he doorstep he 's gonna go Pearl Harbor , and that 's when we drop the mountain on he Jackie - Chan ass . kelly sound risky . bruce yeah . that 's we only standee . but right now it 's we only ... in the distance , they hear the demonic yowl of the guan - di. Jeff , hook up the wire to a old - fashioned '' shove the handle down '' detonator box , shiver . jeff Jesus . he 's come back . as they finish they preparation , Bruce look Kelly and Jeff in the eye . bruce look , however this turn out , I just want you both to know ... Kelly and Jeff both take a breath , like they know the sentiment that Bruce be go for ... bruce ( cont 'd ) ..- that I 'il never forgive you for drag I out here . in the distance , the guan - Di move out of the wood into the moonlight . his gleam sword wet with blood . as he near the cave entrance ... bruce ( cont 'd ) hold ... hold it ... wait until he 's inside the cave ... the guan - Di see the smile Bruce standee in the cave entrance and rear back , growling . with a samurai change , it run at the standee , blade high . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 100 . continued : bruce ( cont 'd ) he 's see it ! easy ... easy ... but just as it seem it 's go to take the bait and go into the cave entrance , the guan - Di stop . like it sense something 's wrong . bruce ( cont 'd ) shit . kelly what 's wrong ? bruce he 's not buy it ! shit ! that 's a great likeness , too . jeff what be we go to do ? Bruce collect himself , shaking he head . can not believe he 's about to do this ... bruce wait here . I be go in . kelly Bruce , wait ! that 's suicide ! bruce you be right . Bruce shove he rifle into Kelly 's hand . bruce ( cont 'd ) you would better do it . jeff Bruce , the guan - Di 's go to be look for you . bruce kay-rist .... ( take gun back ) all right . i'11 try to lure he into the cave . the second he do inside , you drop that plunger . get I ? Bruce be about to take off when ... kelly Bruce ! wait . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 101 . continued : ( 2 ) she suddenly , impulsively pull Bruce into a tight embrace . they look into each other 's eye , then , just as they be about to kiss ... kelly ( cont 'd ) you wanna move that hand ? Bruce look down , surprised . pull back to reveal that for once , he 's not grop she . bruce but I ... Kelly smile , take he hand and pull they around she in a passionate embrace . then they kiss , passionate , the kind of kiss a girl give a guy right before he head off to war . as they finally break ... kelly for luck . bruce another kiss like that , I could win the lottery . Bruce nod back to Jeff , poise over the plunger , then bolt for the cave entrance . ext . cave the guan - Di turn as it hear Bruce run toward he . bruce all right , top ramen , let 's do this ! the guan - Di raise he sword , the steel glint in the moonlight , as Bruce run at he and tackle he straight back into the cave . ext . dark spot outside cave - night Jeff realize it 's time to do the deed , but he 's freeze over the plunger . kelly Jeff ! jeff Mom , I ... I can not ! ( anguish ) it ... it 's Bruce Campbell ! ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 102 . continued : kelly I know how much he mean to you ... how much he mean to audience the world over ... but right now , you have get to ask yourself one question . ( beat ) what would Bruce Campbell do ? Jeff think a moment , then shrug and slam down the plunger ! ext . cave - night the cave entrance explode in a plume of fire and rock . as the explosion settles , dust and smoke billow , a eerie quiet fall across the scene . kelly and jeff slowly move toward the cave entrance . it 's completely seal by fall rock . horrify by what they have do , Jeff and Kelly drop to they knee outside the blast area . bruce's smiling face , tear from the shattered standee , grin at they from the dusty boulder . jeff I ... I can not believe he 's go . suddenly there 's a rattle of rock by the cave entrance . Kelly and Jeff turn , fear the worst , stunne to see bruce’s bloodied hand claw out of the rubble . kelly / jeff bruce ! 1 !!! they rush over and throw away some of the rock , pull Bruce free . he 's batter and bloody , but alive . bruce somebody get the license number of that truck ? as they pull Bruce out , he make a point of take the steal amulet from he pocket and jamming it into the rock . bruce ( cont 'd ) and stay there . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 103 . continued : wobbly , Bruce take Kelly 's hand , and with Jeff beside they , they begin to limp away from the cave . it 's a quiet moment , the horror finally wind down . bruce ( cont 'd ) just get one request , Jeff . jeff anything , Bruce . bruce next time you release a ancient chinese demon , call that buffy chick , will ya ? as they all share a movie-end laugh ... the guan -di burst out of the rock behind they . in slow motion , Bruce , Kelly and Jeff turn in horror as the monster roar toward they , sword high , about to kill they ... bruce ( cont 'd ) cut ! ( regular motion ) cut cut cut cut CUT ! all action stop . the guan - Di pull up short , puzzle . Kelly and Jeff take a step back , watch as Bruce go out of character . bruce ( cont 'd ) this be not work . ( be : Kelly ) first of all , could prop swing a little mouthie-washie for Ms. Romania 1992 ? kiss this broad 's like lick a cat 's ass . kelly ( romanian accent ) up yours . pull back to reveal we be on a exterior movie set . a gaffer 's truck nearby read romanian lighting SERVICES . as the crew chatter in romanian , the director of photography ( the same guy we see shoot cavealien ) step into frame . director of photography what 's the problem , b.c .? ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 104 . continued : ( 2 ) bruce a blind man could see it ! the audience be go to be totally invest in my character by this point . we pull the ol 's '' surprise , they all die '' end , we be gonna lose ‘em . ( slap Fred on the back ) people love I , Fred . they want I to win . director of photography but ... bruce do not argue with the muse . Bruce pace a moment , snap he finger , the picture of '' the creative process . '' finally , triumphant , like he 's hit on the solution ... bruce ( cont 'd ) pack up this potato eater . we be move on ... ext . country home - day a lovely little country home on a bright sunny day . after a moment , kelly , wear a pretty summer dress , step out , smile broadly as bruce come down the walk , jaunty and heroic . bruce sore eye , meet sight - for . I could use some serious feel - good about now . kelly step right up , movie-star . as they sweep back in a romantic kiss , Jeff , now dress like a college preppy , walk out on the porch , smile at all the love on display . as Bruce and Kelly break off they kiss , Jeff unfold a official look letter . jeff guy , guess what ! I be just accept to Yale ! Bruce and Kelly both rush to Jeff , pull he close . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 105 . continued : bruce told you that C average would not matter ! ( pull they together ) come on . Group hug ! as they hold one another , savore they new , perfect life , suddenly a shadow wash over they . as they turn , eye go wide in horror , reveal the guan -di stand over they , raise he sword and schwack -- ( this could be the end , with the following running between the credit ) int . editing room - day with the guan - Di image freeze on a small screen , Bruce lean back from a flatbe , enrapture with the conclusion of he latest masterpiece . he give he weary editor a nudge . bruce perfecto . fanboy 's will be cream they jeans over the false end . ( cocky , to editor ) take three more second off Kelly 's close -up ... no , make it five ... and hold on I . then give I a fade and a dissolve ... pre - lap that dialogue ... show I some magic , baby ! suddenly there 's another demonic rumble . the editing room shake . cocky Bruce suddenly look nervous ... what the hell be go on ? suddenly the fierce guan - Di demon burst into the editing room and careen toward a scream bruce ( just like the end of the first evil dead ) . CUT to : int . screening room - day on screen , the violent editing room scene fade to black . Bruce lean back in a comfy chair in the plush screen room , puffing a stogie , savore the completion of he latest epic . ( continued ) verheiden " my name be Bruce " 4/2/06 106 . continued : bruce two trick ending ! get my publicist on the phone and tell she to book my ticket to the saturn Award . ' cause we have get a winner ! ( hit intercom ) okay , morrie , roll it again ! Bruce lean back , savore he smoke , when suddenly we hear another rumble ... and guan - Di suddenly leap across the screening room and lunge at Bruce as he stand and scream , mimick ( again ) the end of evil dead ... fade out .