my own private id aho my own private id aho a screenplay by Gus Van sant revise apr. ' 89 copyright 1993 by Gus Van sant my own private Idaho be first show at the Venice Film Festival in 1991 . the cast include : mike water River Phoenix scott favor keanu reeves richard water James russo bob pigeon William reichert gary rodney harvey carmella Chiara caselli digger Michael parker DENISE jessie Thomas budd flea alena Grace Zabriskie jack favor Tom troupe han udo kier jane lightwork Sally curtice walt Robert Lee pitchlynn daddy carroll mickey cottrell WADE Wade Evans director of photography Eric Alan Edwards John Campbell editor curtiss Clayton production designer David brisbin costume designer beatrix aruna pasztor Music Bill stafford executive producer Gus Van sant co-executive producer allan mindel producer Laurie parker screenplay Gus Van sant additional dialogue by William Shakespeare director Gus Van sant produce by New line cinema view of the CITY of Portland Oregon digress into the seedy area of the small city . arcade , and yellow storefront , of pornographic bookshop . a few young men loiter in front of one of the bookshop solicitously and eye a customer . who enter the booxshop . inside , we see : counter display colorful comic - like plastic cover magazine and book cover with name like honcho - butch - joyboy . indicating a homoerotic section of the bookshop . group of men loiter about the magazine shop flipping through the book and disappear in and out of curtain door . the counterman be on the phone . next to he be a particularly interesting young man on the cover of one of the magazine - a bright yellow background , jeans open two button on the top , shirtless wear a black cowboy hat . this character be name scott . full view of the magazine cover as Scott come to life - and talk to we . scott I never think I could be a real model , you know fashion - shit , cause I be better at full body stuff it .8 okay so long as the photographer do not come on to you and expect something for no pay I be try to make a live , you know , and I like to be professional ' course if the guy want to pay I , then shit / yeah . here I be for he . I will sell my ass , I do it on the street all the time for cash . and I will be on the cover of a book . it 's when you start do it for free that you start to grow wing , right , Mike ? across the aisle on another shelf be another cover of a magazine , and another young man on the cover start to move and speak , addressing scott . this character be name mike . ( mike should be different from scott , mike should be blond and scott should be brown haire , although both possess a certain painful down and out handsomeness of a STREET hustler . ) mike what be you talk about ? what wing ? scott wing , man , you grow wing and become a fairy mike I be not no fairy . another coverboy interrup mike and scott' discussion , butting in . coverboy he be not say you be a fairy ; faggot , he 's say that if you go work for free then you have no choice , you turn into a fairy , with wing and all . that 's all he mean , dunk . mike ( to Scott ) well , nevertheless , what do you care about do stuff for free or for money , shit you be go to inherit a hunch of money , you might as well do it for free . coverboy be that right , sweetie ? other coverboys perk up and start flirting with scott coverboy 2 how much be a bunch of money ; honey ? coverboy 3 what be you do on the cover of that magazine , slumming ? Scott listen to all of they then look back at Mike . Mike smile . scott ( to we ) actually , I be on the street to settle a bet with my goddamn stone - face old man . I have decide to live away from home for three year . to prove a point . that I can live on my own . and to appreciate the value of a dollar . and Mike be right , there , I be go to inherit money . a lot of money id aho the desert in the daytime . mike enter the frame in front of a blue sky fill with white cloud . he have a texaco gas station attendant 's shirt on with a name tag that read : bill ( not Mike , he name ) . the cloud be puffy against a deep blue sky . the road be red . purple mountain surround Mike on all side far in the distance , ten mile away . Mike look in front of he at a long stretch of road that disappear into the horizon . Mike look at he wristwatch on he arm . he time how long it take to walk ten step down the road . ten second . he glance back at a duffel bag . the duffel bag fall over . Mike look at the picturesque sight surround he . a wind send a tumbleweed into the air . he take ten step back to he duffle bag and check watch again . the sun be now set . mike ( to himself ) you can always tell where you be by the way the road look . like I just know that I be to this place before . I just know that I be stick here like this one fuckin ' time before , you know that ? on the side of the road a jackrabbit be listening to he . mike there be not no other road on earth that look like this road . I mean , exactly like this road . ( sniff ) one of a kind . ( sniff ) like someone 's face . like a fuck up face ... the road have a definite face . two distant cactus for eye - a cloud shadow for a mouth , mountain for hair . mike once you see it , even for a second , you remember it , and you better not forget it , you gotta remember people and who they be , right ? Friends and enemy . you gotta remember the road and where it be too ... mike suddenly lunge at the little rabbit listening to he chat on the side of the road , and the rabbit run for he life . mike I just love to scare thing ... I do not know . it give I a sense of .... power . Mike think about the loneliness of the road . mike this be nowhere . I will bet that nobody be ever go to drive down this road . I will be stick here forever . Mike look at the road stressfully . the road look back . he look at the road he eye grow heavy . the road look back ... mike yawn . mike' voice over I do not know when it be I recognize I have this disease . Mike look like a backwood character who fit into the terrain . Mike make strange movement , like he be have a sort of epileptic fit , then yawn like he be very tired , again . mike' voice over sometimes I will be in one place , and I will close my eye ... mike close he eye . then a whole ritual of event happens , he eye turn back in he head and he begins to shake all over . then all goe black . mike' voice over when I open they again , I will be in a completely different surround . when Mike open he eye , he be in downtown portland , oregon . a loud bus drive by Mike 's view in the city . he be asleep , then wake enough to see other unknown kide rifling he pocket in a doorway , as Mike sleepily look on . subtitles it 's kind of like time travel . it 's kind of good . mike close he eye again , and when he open they he be back in the country . but this time a completely different terrain . like a long time have passed . he be also wearing different clothes . mike check he watch again . he look happy at the passage of time . mike yeah . it 's kind of good . pass the time . unwanted as it be . mike leans against the duffle bag with he . he look into the field next to he . the wind blow a paper cup into the air . Mike watch the cup tumble in the air , and with a few note , a guitar follow . then a uproote cactus . the paper cup , cactus and guitar lyrically trade place in the air , and be follow by a large barn , which twist and turn , then crash directly into the middle of the road . on the , road . Riding in the back of a pickup truck . Mike 's shirt ruffle wildly in the wind , travel at 60 mph . and the truck disappear into the sun , toward a steep mountain range . las vega Mike be walk down a lonely alleyway in the city . all of a sudden he be surround by three black boy , who be smile and joke . black 1 say , white boy , where you goin ' ? Black 1 pull out a knife and wave it at Mike . black 1 what 's in the sack . let 's see . Mike fight with the guy for he sack . the Black cut Mike 's hand with he knife but Mike will not let go . in terror he watch he hand get cut , but he will not let go . Mike start to yawn and do the jitter to the Black 's amazement and drop to the ground . scottie , the older boy on the magazine cover , come to Mike 's aid . he push the Black boy over , throw some trash can in they direction . black 1 this gonna be fun . come on ... scottie keep fight they off . scott man , what do you want from we , we have not get anything . the black chuckle . then they stop and slowly walk away from Scott who hover protectively around Mike 's body on the ground . black ( o.s . ) faggot ! we be in the city of Las Vegas in the daytime . ( we be aware of this because one character , ray , be read the Las Vegas Chronicle . ) Mike sleep , as a shopkeeper wash he window and three other street kid , Gary , Ray and scottie , be hang around on the corner with he . Gary be hit a public wastebasket with the end of a stick as a man in a mercede benz drive by they very slowly , and look at each one of the boy individually . Gary pause for a moment and pose . ray ( to the man in the car ) what 's up ? man ( in german ) [ entschuldige , junge ... ] the man in the car speed off . int . car day . the man have the look of Rainer Fassbinder and geraldo rivera as the same man ; be of average build and have a wash of hair grace he forehead that look quite foreign . he turn to the right three time , as he be circle he car . out the window of the car , we see the boy again . ext . STREET gary what 's this guy want , think he want to party ? scott he say " entschuldige , junge . " gary what 's that mean ? " suck my dick ? " do he want to suck my dick ? scott it mean , " Excuse I , boy . " gary how the fuck do you know . scott I have study german , in prep school . gary you know , scottie , I do not know when to believe you . scott here he come again . the man lean out the window of he car . man hello ? Gary lean into the man 's car . gary hey , dude . man ( speak with a thick german accent ) Excuse I . can I speak to the young man over there , with the blond hair , ya ? gary who , that kid there ? you can not talk with he now , he 's asleep . man can you wake he up ? gary no , you can not wake he ... he ...... but , what about I ? do not you want to talk with I ? the man be not interested in talk to Gary . he shake he head no , bother by Gary . scott ( speak fluent german ) be willist du in gottesname mit un juenge ? Mach ' es flar oder fanre ab ! ( what in the hell do you want with we young kid , be specific or get out . ) man ( surprised ) du bisst sehr intelligent mit deinem aksent .. fuer elnen puppejunge . ( you be very clever with a accent like that .. for a street boy . ) the man in the car speed off . gary alright then , asshole ! view of Mike 's sleep face . inside of mike be thought . he be fly over the city street , above the mercede benz , effortlessly hover and gild above it , between the building . like a bird . Mike wake and look at scottie , who be talk to Gary . mike' thought the first time I meet Scott , I have a feel he be a sort of comic book hero . he be always say the right thing at the right moment , and stand up for I when there be no reason to . look at he face now , when the sunlight shine off he lower lip , like it be the face of some sort of statue . strong and soft at the same time . I never could figure out what Scott be do here with we on the street in the first place , like he be on some sort of crusade , to help the poor . because he really do come from a rich Portland family . I know because he bring I to he house one day and show I around . I mean , wow , they be rich I they even have a swim pool . Scott 's the only kid that I have ever meet that have a swim pool . I would make a bet with anybody right now , that Scott be a saint or a hero , or some such higher place person . meanwhile ... Gary and Ray be talk . Ray , who be a chicano street kid , be look poetically off into the distance . ray my father be a gaucho . but nobody gonna find he . he kill a guy and split . nobody gonna find that fuck . I never gonna find he . Ray spit into the gutter and the spit drift in a small stream make by the shop -owner who be wash he window , down the street and into drainage grate . View of mike as he close he eye , oblivious to what be go on around he . the music in a DISCO blare , at night , and all we can see be Mike 's face , sleep . the disco music stop , and the light go up . a broom pass by Mike 's head . finally , the manager' shoe appear at he head . manager ( o. s. ) what 's wrong with he ? pass out ? the shoe prod Mike . manager ( o. s. ) hey , wake up . Mike wake up in a ward room bed in the daytime . he look around he . the room have a lot of light , window practically on all side of the room . there be other detox man and woman in other bed . Mike get up and start to walk out , but he be wear a gown . a nurse stop he . nurse Excuse I . be you all right ? mike yeah . I be fine . ( Mike look around the room . ) nurse if you be go to leave we , it 's okay , but we need you to sign out , and you will need to get you clothes from downstairs . mike oh. yeah . ( he pause and look around the place . ) do you live here ? nurse why ... no . but sometimes I feel like I do . the nurse walk he over to a clipboard on a desk . Mike sign the board , and she give he a receipt . mike what 's this ? nurse that 's just a receipt . if you do not want it . you can throw it away . that 's what most people do with it . then we cut to Mike 's face at night . as he eye open he take a look around he , a little daze , try to figure where he be . we see he be under a store awning . a lot of fog be roll across the street . a twenty -eight - year - old woman stop in a mercede benz sedan , similar to the one that the german man be drive . she motion Mike to get inside the car . daze , Mike look at the car , then respond . mike this chick be live in a new car ad . Inside a hallway entrance to the woman 's home . Mike and the woman take off they jacket . mike this be like a dream . a pretty woman never pick I up . Mike begin to caress she arm . lady they do not ? well . I do not see why not ... mike be this you house ? lady ( caress he head ) yes ... Mike follow the woman into she ... live room where sit scottie and Gary on a plush sofa . Mike see they . mike oh ... Mike sit down in a easy chair next to the sofa . mike what 's up , Gary ? scottie ? gary hey , dude . lady you man make yourselves comfortable , and I will be right back . there be coke in the refrigerator - help yourself . they watch she go . scottie she 's cool . she just like to have three guy , ' cause - it take she a little while to get warm up . it 's normal . nothing kinky . mike oh. Mike look around the room . Gary lean closer to Mike . gary hey , do you get into that Van halen concert last night ? mike I have never be to a concert , dude . Interior of the woman 's bedroom . Mike undress . he wait by the side of the bed and take a last drag on a cigarette and put it out . then the woman arrive . let down she negligee and approach Mike like a earth mother , slowly , big breast , warm , comforting . as she approach , Mike begin to see a familiar face . he be upset when he look into she eye . and he begin to spasmodically shake then he grow sleepy , and finally , as she be upon he , he pass out . outside , Gary and scottie struggle with Mike 's body . they plop Mike down on the corner , under a streetlight , fold he arm under he stomach and bend he over so he be sit up against the light pole . scott ( put money into he pocket ) he always do this ! I be surprised he make money at all . gary how do we tell if he 's okay ? scott well , he 's not dead . Scott listen to he heart . scott listen . Gary listen . scott he 's not dead . he 's just pass out . it 's a condition . it 's call narcolepsy . gary scare the shit out of she . what cause it . sex ? scott stress . some hustler , huh ? silence for a second . gary where be we go to take he ? Scott lift Mike 's body up and carry he to a soft carpet of grass on the edge of a lawn . Scott look around to see if it be okay . then he speak to Mike even though he be asleep . scott hey , little brother . you stay here , and when you wake up , just come back into town . I will be there wait for you . I figure you be go to be safer here in this comfy neighborhood than in the city . I grow up in a neighborhood like this . it will be safe here . scottie hide a tear . then he take he jacket off and put it over Mike , then leave he there . Mike 's face be lie down with he nose press against a leafy ground in the daytime . he wake up , stand , make he way up a slope and out to the street . he brushes himself off as the mercede benz show up again . Mike recognize it , and walk up to the window of the car . it be the man , though , not the lady . the man speak with a german accent - and he be about 35 year old . he name be han . mike hi. han say .... han read Mike 's shirt . han say , Bill . what 's happen ? Mike brushes himself off and walk down the road , think that the guy be weird . mike nothing much . han drive alongside Mike in he car . han do you want a lift ? Bill ? mike hey , be not this the lady 's car ? han be Alena a friend of yours ? she 's a friend of mine . any friend of Alena 's be a friend of mine . do you want to be my friend ? mike not really . han get in and I will take you someplace . yes ? where do you want to go ? Mike do not respond , and walk on . he pause a moment , and look at the house in the neighborhood . he look down the street and can see han stop in he car . the guy get out , and lean against the car . mike this guy be a pervert . I can tell . to han : mike go home ! the house line the STREET , each with a little california style garden . mike can see all the roof of the house lift off , and the furniture inside each house fly out and circle in the AIR . mike get the jitter and pass out . the mercede benz pull up next to he head , which be now on the ground . portland when Mike wake up he be in scottie 's arm . they sit under a statue in a park . the statue be of two Indians point out across the horizon , and on the base of the statue be write : the come of the White man . Mike look at Scott and then at the new surroundings . at the Broadway Cafe Mike bite into a hamburger . mike how would we get home ? scott that german guy . han . he bring you downtown , you be pass out . he say he be head to Portland , so I ask he for a ride . mike I do not remember any german guy . scott well . you be sleep . mike how much do you make off I while I be sleep ? scott just a ride , Mike . I do not make anything . what , you think that I sell you body while you be asleep . mike yeah . Scott sip from a coffee cup . scott no , Mike . I be on you side . he put down the cup . Mike know scottie always tell the truth . Mike be a little embarrassed , that he have maybe offended Scott 's honor . mike I be just kid , dude . scott Gary 's up here somewhere . he leave three day ago , he fly up with some John . mike exotic . have you see you dad ? scott be you kid ? mike I would visit my dad , if he be here . scott I have to take care of you . mike how about you mom ? scott no . mike that lady . she look like . my mother . scott be that why you pass out ? mike yeah . I mean . I do not know . she really look like my mother . I must have be imagine thing . a pause . the Broadway Cafe be beginning to pick up in business . the table where Scott and Mike sit be in front of a large window , and it be semi-circular in shape . scottie spy Gary across the street . he bound up out of he chair and Mike watch he as he go to the door , kick it open and yell to Gary . scott hey ' you dick ! Gary see Scott and run across the street . later in the broadway cafe , there be other street kid hang around the table . Scott have he arm around a girl name DENISE , who have a lot of make up on and long stringy hair and who carry a teddy bear . denise be cry and Scott be consol she . mike' thought : it be almost as if Scott be on some sort of crusade or mission , when you check he out . he could make you feel good right at the very time that you feel so bad . I remember there be many time that I have be sobbing in Scott 's arm and he be help I out too . he be the great protector of we all , and the great planner . he give we hope in the future . even though there be no future . there must have be real trouble at home , though , for Scott not to want to visit he father . Scott stroke denise 's hair adoringly and give she a kiss every now and then . Mike look across the table at carl , a skinny kid with black hair and a large floppy sport cap , and gary , who be talk with he . mike' thought that 's Carl . he 's always around the Broadway , he do not run away from home like a lot of this kid do . he have a mom , and no dad , at least they do not know where he be . and one day , he come home to the apartment where they live , and there be no mom anymore either . he do not know where she go . that be sir month ago . mary , a older , wiser street prostitute who be chain smoking Kool cigarettes . mike' thought that 's Mary over there . she be a mean old chick . she be maybe thirty now . Old , old . somebody once tell I that in the past , Mary have this enemy , a chick that have turn she in . and Mary have go off and kick this chick to death right in the street in front of everybody . I do not know if it 's true , but I watch out , just in case . I be afraid of Mary . and everyone else be too . Mary take a drag from she cigarette and blow smoke in Mike 's face . Scott notice this . but he attend to denise 's problem . mike' thought ( as he cough ) this be we little round table , a point around which everything else revolve . it be we " center . " it be like we home . we live room . not everyone be the best of friend , but everyone know everyone else , and we kind of stick together . Mike on the street . he watch as a man carry a large bag of tin can , cross at a crosswalk . Mike step up to he and begin walk . his name be marty . mike hey marty . what 's goin ' on ? marty be that you Mike ? hey , what 's new with you ? you look pretty good . mike how many you get so far today ? marty I reckon that I pick up about twenty - three buck so far with this can , and some I get stashed back in the bush . you know the old hide place ? mike wow ! marty do not tell anybody , though . just between you and I . you need a place to stay ? mike I always need a place to stay , dude . marty yeah , well , I be under the bridge . you can join I if you like . mike yeah , I think I will rooftop it tonight . I be hang with a friend . marty be I walk too fast for you ? mike no , but I will see you around . see you under the bridge . marty okay , Mike . Mike stop walk with the guy and he split down the street at a fast clip . Inside the broadway cafe , Mike smoke a cigarette at the round table and watch Gary and Carl play keepaway with denise 's teddy bear . denise be swear , use profanity that be unusual for a girl . night . Mike walk through a dark wet troubled inner-city alley and on the other side , there be a park car . in the car sit a man in he 40' , bestial , good look but overweight . he beep he car horn at Mike . Mike pause , light a cigarette coolly and walk to the car and lean in the window . mike hey - what 's up ? int. motel , nighttime . the man be naked in the background stand in front of a mirror in a motel bathroom , as Mike sit naked on a bed in front of a t.v. set laugh at the show that be on . we see various still composition of the two make love . afield . Day . two figure cross the field . one be Bob pigeon , a man in he fifty , and the other , he manservant , Budd . because of he girth , Bob have problem crossing the field . budd Jesus . .. the thing we have see ... do you remember a thing since we move from graffiti bridge ? bob no more of that , Budd . budd ha-ha , what a crazy night . above the two walk figure , Gary wake near a heating duct atop a ten story building . he yawn , look down at the street and spy Bob and Budd . gary view : a tiny Bob and Budd be make they way across a field . gary hey , scottie , here come that fat pig himself !!! he owe I money ! scottie , atop a adjacent building peek he head over the edge . the two guy be relatively close to one another but far from the street . scott who ? gary you know , the fat one ... pigeon ! scott he steal my shoe , the dick ! gary hey , everybody , here come Bob the chiseler ! he yell to the other building and other street kid to wake up . scottie pour a old paper cup of coca - cola over Bob and Budd below . gary look out , it 's raining Coke ! Bob hear the show atop the building . bob ah , I think my friend can see I be back from boise . Bob look worried and happy at the same time , not know if they be friend or foe . he shield himself from the Coke sprinkle . bob do you see any cloud in the sky , Budd ? budd no , Bob . the derelict Hotel . Budd and Bob enter the threshold of a bust up but operate hotel . there be a fire in a trashcan turn upside down , with hole poke in it . Budd look around the hotel . budd be Jane lightwork alive , Bob ? bob she 's alive , Budd . budd be she hold on ? bob Old ... old , Budd . budd she must be old , she have no choice ... the two sit at a larger fire deeper into the derelict hotel . budd I remember she daughter , she die year ago ... of old age . she must be old , all right . that be before I come to clement Inn . bob ( warming by the fire ) ahh ... budd Jesus ... the thing that we have see . be not I right , Bob ? be not I right ? bob we have see the light at the end of the tunnel ... budd that we have , that we have ... in fact Bob , we have . Jesus ... the thing that we have see . Scott drink from a beer can inside the derelict hotel , toss it to a young boy , laugh , wipe he mouth and put he light cigarette into the mouth of Gary , make he way to some step , through a circle of girl , kiss denise , who we remember from the Broadway Cafe , and charge up the step . Inside the hotel on a staircase landing , scottie pass a couple of figure , one be asleep and one be awake . scottie where 's Bob ? a boy fast asleep . budd and he 's snore like a horse . scottie open a door at the top of the step and walk into a room , interrupting mike , who stand over bob' snoring body . Mike coolly hold up a wad of bill and a fold envelope of cocaine . mike I pick he pocket . scottie ( whisper ) what do you get , dude ? mike just this . scottie take the cocaine from he , sit down at the foot of the bed and begin to unfold the packet . Bob turn in the bed and the rush of air from the sheet blow the white powder out of the packet . bob what the hell ? Mike laugh . bob what time be it , son ? scottie ( climb in bed with Bob ) what do you care ? Bob , daze , be look around himself , like he be be have . scottie ( amusing Mike ) why , you would not even look at a clock , unless hour be line of coke , dial look like the sign of gay bar , or time itself be a fair hustler in black leather ... be not that right , dude ? Bob stagger out of bed retching and spitting . then back into he waking stupor , feel something be be put over on he . scott there 's no reason to know the time . we be timeless . Bob check he wallet . bob be not you forget , scottie my boy , [ a governor's son ] , that we who steal , do so at midnight ? Bob 's money and cocaine be go . Bob turn angry and bellow . bob what the ... who rip I off ? Budd !!! Budd !!! stair again budd yes , Bob !!! Budd stand at the stoop and come through the door , just as Bob be run out . bob I fall asleep and have be rob ! Jane !!! the room below . Jane lightwork , the owner of the establish hotel , come to arm . she be very old . jane you would think that I could keep the peace in my house ... Scott and Mike laugh . Mike get down on he hand and knee and try to scoop up a little cocaine from the floor . bedroom . Hall jane Bob , Bob we will find you drug . we will find they . another hall . Bob be storming down it in a rage , people open door of the room . bob Jane , I know you well enough ... yet another hall . Hotel dweller be watch Jane move down the hall answer bob. jane I know you , ~ you owe I money , Bob , and now you pick a fight with I , and be disturbing the peace of my hotel . MAIN derelict hall of the hotel . Bob parade , in he night clothes , in front of a gather of outcast in the hotel . bob this hotel be full of thief ... junky ! jane you be the thief ! bob they pick my pocket ! laughter from the throng of outcast . Jane enter a balcony overlook of the main hall . Mike and Scott enter , arm around each other , laugh . jane it 's impossible to board a dozen or so man and woman who live honestly and have the other live like junky . one of the dweller listen to the argument be shoot up as they speak . we see a close view of the needle and Bob run around in the background . Bob make he way next to Scott . bob you have corrupt I , scottie , I be a innocent before I meet you . ..and now look at I .. just a little better than wick . I use to be a virtuous man ... scottie be laugh at he . bob ''' well , virtuous enough . I swore a little . I never gamble more than seven time a week . poker . I never pick up a street boy more than once a quarter ... scottie laugh . bob ... of a hour . bad company have corrupt I . I will be darn if I have not forget what the inside of a church look like . mike where do you find you strike tonight , Bob ? scottie I see a good change for Bob to make . from stealing to preach . bob stealing be my vocation , Scott . it 's not a sin for a man to labor at he vocation . gary hey ... ....... the three gather around Gary . gary very early tomorrow morning , there will be small time rock and roll promoter come back from they show . every night , they walk home with the loot and they stop by the grotto bar , one mile away from here , and more often than not they have be drink already . if we can not steal from they on they way to the bar , we can get they when they come out . see , dude ? mike I be not gonna rob anybody . I would rather sell my ass . straight and simple . it 's less risky . bob so long as I do not know this guy personally . .. it 's okay with I . gary they be from beaverton . New to the business ... mike not I . I be not go along on this crackpot scheme . especially since Gary think it up . bob come oft it , mikey . find a better way to make a buck . something to fall back on , other than you ass . mike Scott 's inheritance . Bob walk away from the two other . scott ( whisper ) come along , mikey . I have a joke I wanna play ... a joke I can not pull off alone ... Mike laugh and join Bob , hugging he around he fat belly . bob oh , my sweetheart , come and rob with we tomorrow . mike I be go to come anyway . scott hug the other too . mike we will be rich !!! scottie dance away . scott provide for we , oh great psychedelic papa ! scottie grab denise and kiss she then begin to leave through the door . he throw she to Mike who catch she and run off with she . scott good catch dude . .. and meet I on three street ! Scott leave , Bob follow he : 0utside the derelict hotel . bob Scott . when you inherit you fortune , on you twenty - first birthday , let 's see . ..how far away be this ? scott one week away , Bob , just one more week . bob let 's not call ourselves robber , but diannah 's forester . gentlemen of the shade . minion of the Moon . Men of good government . scott ( under he breath ) when I turn twenty - one , I do not want any more of this life . my mother and father will be surprised at the incredible change . it will impress they more when such a fuck up like I turn good than if I have be a good son all along . all the past year I will think of as one big vacation . at least it be not as boring as schoolwork . all my bad behavior I be go to throw away to pay my debt . I will change when everybody expect it the least . Scott turn and leave . bob and you will become a hard roller , a hatchet man for you old man . Scott laugh to himself , because he know Bob be misunderstanding he . Bob be part of the past life that he say he be go to throw away . scott no ! you will be the hatchet man , Bob , that will be you job , and so there will rarely be a job hatchete . it will be one big endless party , will not it ? Bob laugh . Scott walk across a field . bob well , at least my little friend have offer I a job . they be so good to I . Inside the Broadway Cafe . Day . denise and Mike hang out together . both be smoking cigarettes which have make a billow of smoke that hang over the table that be in the front window . DENISE mom be great , because , you know , I could always go to my mom and say , hey I need a new lipstick , and she would always give I money for that . that be great . mike I only see my mom once , but I remember what she look like . she be very beautiful . DENISE what do you mean , once ? mike when I be bear . DENISE how could you remember when that god - awful thing happen ? mike dunno . but I remember it . how beautiful and kind she good . yeah , I remember be . she be good DENISE and she split from you , huh ? mike maybe she do not mean to . DENISE do you see what be go on , Mike ? between pinky and Dale ? do you see that ? that 's the third fight I have see today . thing always happen in three . mike I do not know . they have a sort of , ah , relationship . between they . across the street there be three people , a tall man , who have he hat stick on he boot and a lady and another man with a dog on a leash . mike I do not know about that , but , ah , listen , what you and I talk about , it 's just between we , you understand ? hey , what 's over there , see that asshole ? who be they , you know any of they ? DENISE I can not see that far DENISE stand and open the front door and yell across the STREET . DENISE hey ! the group across the street look up and begin yell back , but we can not hear they . under the burnside Bridge , day . Mike and denise kiss , and they arm be entangle in a loving , but awkward embrace . twig and leave be catch in denise 's hair as they be lie on the ground . different still composition of sex while they be lie in the wild under the bridge . then ... denise light a cigarette . DENISE that remind I , I gotta send my ma a Christmas card , I still have not do it yet . mike yeah , I have not do it either . DENISE you mom life in Idaho right now ? mike yeah . DENISE I use to live in Montana . mike my own cousin . he 's dead . that 's one ...two ... and my grandma , it usually come in three . DENISE do come in three . mike my cousin die , my grandmother die , and right after she die , she daughter die . my aunt . within a year . and they wuz all woman , not even a year , six ... well .... six month - eight month , three woman in the family die . a pause . mike that 's funny , huh ? I wonder why you thought that , cuz , my father say stuff like that . DENISE well , my grandma be superstitious . mike my father tell I that , say thing usually come in three ... and I say , .... you be crazy . a Long pause . a motorcycle pass , someone yell , and a horn honk . mike it sound crazy . that 's my lucky number too . DENISE huh ? mike Three . DENISE mine 's eight . mike I like three . DENISE you know why I like eight ? mike why ? DENISE Cause of the eight ball . you know . when you be stick behind the eight ball ? I fuckin ' feel stick behind the eight ball today , I will tell you . the business be so slow in the middle of the week , you know that Mike ? Public bathroom . night . Mike empty the content of he pocket at a bathroom sink . he have in he possession : one condom . one comb with blond hair stick in it . one nickel . half a stick of gum . one knife with the letter W stamp on it . he arrange this thing in a neat order on the surface of the sink while a man flush a toilet in the background and use another sink . Mike be quite at home here . he take he time arrange the article , and wash he hand . he look over at the man wash he hand and give he a friendly smile . the man leave . Mike put all the thing on the sink into he pocket . then he walk over to a urinal , unzip he fly and start to take a leak . a shadow open the door in back of he , and without turn around , Mike sense the presence of a man . alleyway . night . scottie be help Bob with a disguise , put on pants over a large belly , with medallion around the neck . scott how long have it be , Bob , since you could see you own foot ? bob about four year , scottie . four year of grief . it blow a man up like a balloon . Mike and Budd appear , run , with costume on . there be two other behind they . mike there 's rock and roll money walk this way ! budd and they be drunk as skunk . mike this be go to be easy . we can do it lie down . scott but do not fall asleep , now , Mike . budd shh ! here they come ! scott you four should head they off there ! bob we four ? how many be walk with they ? mike about six . bob huh , should not they be robbing we ? scottie laugh . Bob waddle along the side of the alleyway , step on a curb , then in a pothole lose he balance . another accomplice whistle from atop a building . we see the group of rock and roll promoter . Bob walk further from Mike and scottie . scottie if they escape from you , we will get they here . Bob struggle as he walk . bob eight foot of cobblestone be like 30 yard of flat road with I . Mike and Scott run off , laugh at he . bob I can not see a damned thing in here . budd Jesus , will you shut up ! and keep on you toe ! Budd see the promoter come and wave to Bob as he lie down on the ground . budd lie down !! bob lie down !? budd lie down and stay quiet , until they round the corner and we will ambush they . bob have you get a crane to lift I up again ? Budd laugh . mike they be come !! down the way , the rock and roll promoter be approach , have no knowledge of the buffoonery at the other end of the tunneling alleyway . they be drunk . victim 1 come along neighbor , Tommy will lead the way . I have lose track of time ... ( burp ) at the other end of the alley : Bob and three other be march in procession , chant , a facsimile of rashneesh , but a bad act . the rock promoter approach , smash a bottle . victim 1 who be this joker ? victim 2 rashneesh , listen ! victim 1 they be chant .... scottie and Mike hide behind garbage can , laugh . the rock promoter circle the group of chant rashneesh . victim 3 I think that all you rashneesh have up and leave ... victim 1 pour a beer on one of they head . just as he do this Bob pull out two long pistol , almost heavy enough that he can not hold they straight , barrel parallel . bob aha ! one move and I will blow you away , you sully scumbag , up against that wall ! one of the victim fall down and begin to run away . one of Bob 's man start after he . a lockbox that he be carry fall to the ground . Bob spy it . bob no ! let he go ! Bob aim one pistol at the run figure as he keep the other against the wall with the other pistol . he fire three time . one of Bob 's boy grab the lockbox . a view of the run figure , bullet cut around he . bob look at he go ! victim 2 do not shoot we ! Bob wink at the lockbox and shoot the gun in the air . all the rock promoter go run . Bob charge after they , fire the gun twice more in the air , then once at the lockbox , break it open . bob the valise be open . let 's see what we get . Mike and scottie hide behind trashcan . scottie where be we disguise ? Mike run to he stash and find two large cape and large hat . they put this on . Bob find wad of money and receipt . bob ticket anyone ? to next week 's show ? he throw this on the ground and the boy fall over themselves for the ticket . Bob wad the money and put it back in the box , laugh to himself . Mike and scottie sneak closer to the group still hide , long flow cape conceal they identity . bob Scott and Mike have disappear , do the shot scare they away ? they sneak closer . Mike light a big firecracker and wait . bob ... maybe we should get the hell out of here . but , be they such chicken ? a loud explosion ! Mike and scottie , disguise , jump out with large silver baseball bat , swinging they and make as much noise as they can , knock over a set of garbage can , flash flashlight into Bob and the other ' eye . frightened , Bob drop the lockbox and run , the other follow , Mike and scottie hit they with the bat as they go . bob get the box ! oh , fuck ! Mike swing the bat at Bob , it graze the side of a building and spark fly from it . Bob wheeze from the run . scottie chase the other in the same direction . they stand , kick garbage can and watch they run , convulse with laughter . scottie the thief scatter ! mike Bob pigeon will sweat to death ! Jack favor enter the Governor 's chamber day . jack can anyone tell I about my son ? he walk across the room . jack it 's be a full three month since I last see he . where be my son Scott ? aid we do not know , sir . jack ask around in Old town , in some of the tavern there . some say he frequently be see down there drink with street denizen . some who they say even rob we citizen and store owner . I can not believe that such a effeminate boy support such ' friend . ' a high overhead ( helicopter ? ) view of the country landscape in the early morning . Far below we on a lonely road be a small dot , a motorcycle , travel east . further along on its travel , the motorcycle cross a steel bridge . Old town day . scottie and Mike , riding on a steal motorcycle , sweep through the early morning street without be notice . stop at a stop light in the city . Scott pause to think . scott mikey , do you realize how long I have be here out on the street , on this crusade ? mike about as long as the rest of we . I mean . I can not even remember that far back , Scott , I mean scott it 's be three year , Mike . mike wow ... that 's a really long time , Scott . have I be here three year , too ? scott what I be get at , Mike , be that we be survivor . mike yeah , well , so , be not that obvious ? scott yes . it be incredibly obvious . they could drop a bomb on this city and you know what we would do ? mike ( think ) die ? scott no . we would survive . because we be ... mike Survivors ! scott right , Mike . mike say , Scott . whaddya say we go survive over at the Broadway Cafe a little bit , at least it 's warm over there . int. Broadway cafe. Day . Mike and Scott sit around the table with Carl and Mary . Mike blow a smoke ring . denise run in the door of the cafe , excited about something . DENISE mike ! scottie ! there 's a man from City Hall down the street . he want to speak with you , scottie . scott what 's that ? DENISE he say that he 's send by you father . scott say hello and send he to my mother . mike what kind of a man be it ? DENISE a young man . and he 's get cop with he . scott cop .... Street exterior day . two policemen and one official be walk down the street toward the Broadway cafe . Broadway Cafe interior day . the cop enter , pass the proprietor of the cafe , a aging heavyset woman name nancy . nancy good morning , officer ... cop 2 how be you this morning , nancy ? do not mind if we take a look around you place , do you ? one officer be already inspect the steal motorcycle outside . Mike see this , and look the other way from the cop who be peer in the Broadway cafe window . cop 1 have you see the young Scott favor ? nancy I do believe he be here just a second ago . Nancy look in the front window . nancy oh , yeah , there he be . Nancy point Scott out . Scott be give denise a long kiss , hide from the cop . the official walk to the front window of the Cafe . Scott pretend he be be rudely interrupt . scott ah-ha ... what have we here ? official Excuse I ... Mr. favor ... we have be send in search of a fat man ... a large bearded .... cop 1 fat man ... cop 2 go by Bob pigeon . scott Bob pigeon ? cop 1 that 's right . scott what do you want with he ? cop 2 ahem . there 's be a report , sir , he have be involved in a holdup ... cop 1 last night . have you see he ? scott I see he around last night , when be the holdup ? cop 1 late . two in the morning . scott I see he about four , but he be not very loose with he wallet . do he get away with any of the money ? cop 2 yes , indeed , sir ... two thousand dollar of a rock promoter 's money . scott well , anyway , I have not see he recently . why do you look here ? cop 1 they say he have friend here . scottie I beg you pardon . cop 2 sorry ... official sorry for the interruption . we have a message for you from you father . he say that he would like to see you as soon as possible . the official hand scott a envelope . scott thank you for you message . Scott take the envelope and put it on the table . street , day . the police close the door . cop 1 hmmm . cop 2 what about the dead body . cop 1 let 's not get favor 's kid involved in this report if we can help it . but if he be my son , I would .... cop 1 make a fist and slam it in the palm of he other hand . int . Broadway Cafe . mike Bob be a want man now . scottie and as dangerous to be around as cop themselves . mike we need a hide place . scottie where should we go ? mike to visit my brother . scott you have a brother ? mike yes , I have one . scott where be he ? mike he 's in he 's in Mike suddenly begin to shake , and , fall asleep . scottie pick up the envelope from he father and put it in he pocket . Mike and Scott be stick on a long straight road in the desert . Mike be angry at Scott because he do not think he know how the motorcycle work . Scott be try again and again to start the engine . mike come on ... scott shut up , Mike . he try to turn it over again . scott if I have know that it be go to be this hard to start , then I would not have stop it at all . Mike look at the road and the surround area . it be the same road that he be stick on in the beginning . mike Scott ? I just know that I have be on this road before . Mike stare at the face in the road . two cactus for eye , mountain for hair , a cloud shadow form the mouth over a red nose road with a dot line run down it . at night , Scott and Mike sit next to a fire they have make on the side of the road . we can hear Indians in the distance dance and chant a song . mike it sure be lonely out in the desert . scott yeah , I guess . mike if I have have a normal family , and a good upbringing , then I would have be a well adjust person . but somehow that just do not work out . scott depend on what you would call " normal . - mike well , normal , you know , with a mom and a dad and a dog and shit like that ... normal . scott so you do not have a dog ? or you do not have a dad ... mike I do not have a dog and I do not have a dad . well , not a normal dad ... the music be get louder . it sound like a war chant . mike hey Scott ? scott what ? Mike be hesitate . he be about to say something personal . he look at Scott and back to the fire , a few time too many . scott what , Mike ? mike oh. have you ever . uh ... Scott be get Mike 's drift . Mike rub he crotch . mike I mean , do not you ever get horny ? scott yeah . but ... mike oh , yeah ... not for a guy . scott Mike . two guy can not love each other . they can only be friend . a awkward moment pass where Mike be look away from Scott and Scott can not help but look at Mike . then Scott catch Mike 's eye and motion for he to come closer to he . Mike walk over to Scott and Scott hold he in he arm . overhead view of the two in front of the campfire . scott I only have sex for money . Mike start to get out some money . scott I can not take you money . a pause . scott but we can be close friend . the next morning . Mike be sleep . as he open he eye , he can see Scott still try to start the motorcycle . Mike stand and look down the road at a approach State Police car . Mike , afraid of the police , start to move into the bush . Scott be out of breath try to start the bike . mike Scott , look ... Scott look in the direction of the police car . scott look like this be it . mike yeah . Scott hit the side of the gas tank of the bike with the palm of he hand . scott can not get the bike start . cop be come . stuck in the middle of nowhere with a steal bike . yeah , Mike . look like this be the end . the policeman pull up to they and park . the policeman sit in he car for a second and report into the radio , then he get out and walk over to the boy . Mike get scared and run into the desert . the cop stand and watch . Mike have nowhere to go , he be run into a open desert . the policeman , a full blooded american indian , seem amused at he power . he look at Scott then back at Mike , who trip in the desert and fall in a cloud of dust . cop what 's the matter with he ? scott I do not know . I guess he do not like cop . cop yeah . scott that 's how it look . cop what be you kid do out here ? scott this cycle be one bitch to turn over . but you probably do not know about motorcycle . you be not a motorcycle cop . cop I turn a few . Scott walk through the desert look for Mike where he drop . he pick he up out of the dirt , spit drip from he sleep lip , and smack he in the face . scott wake up , mikey , the heat 's off . Mike will not wake up . when Mike wake up . he be inside a trailer at night . Scott be eat sandwich to he right that be on a little tv . tray . there be mike' brother lean into he on he leave . he look at Mike offensively . his brother be very good look , but look like he have lose he mind somewhere down the line . which be why he life in the desert in a trailer , away from people . scott look , Mike . Sandwiches . brother you mother ... now she be a right woman . she use to be so proud of you ... you know ... she would just beam . and not Jim beam either . if you know what I mean . we use to drive for hour to get a look at you . I remember , what be it ... eighteen year ago ? mike twenty-one . brother be that how old you be now ? I think you wuz young than that ... what ? well anyway , we would start off in the morning to see you , and it would take a hour to get to the institution . you be maybe one year old . what ? I be not proud that you have to live in a institution , mind you ... but all the same , when I would look at you , all the institutional wall would come down and we be a family . you mom , I , and you . God know where dad be . Mike be get visibly upset . Scott get up to go to the bathroom . Inside the bathroom night . Scott enter and notice a velvet portrait of a woman hang on the wall . off screen Scott can hear Mike and he brother . mike ( o.s . ) I do not belong to you , dude ... I be not yours ... brother ( o.s. ) ( he voice boom out so unexpectedly deep and loud that Scott be startle ) shut you mouth ! do not you talk back ... his brother hit the table with a crash . live room night . brother well ... ( take a breath ) anyway . you be maybe not in the biological sense , my brother , but in we business , ~..... ( hold he hand up in the air ) and if I be not you brother , how 's come you turn out exactly like I then ? Mike have get the jitter and fall asleep in front of he . Scott enter from the bathroom . brother oh , he will come out or it . it 's like this whenever we get together it 's always like this when we get together it 's the way that we say hello to each other . he hold he head down . brother I be all that he 's get . but he do not want I . he do not care . he would rather live out on the street . I love he , though . Scott look around the trailer at all the velvet portrait hang on the wall . brother oh . I paint this for a live . but sometimes the people do not send the check when they get finish . so I keep they . I like they . ext. trailer . night . Mike and he brother sip iced tea . color light decorate the trailer . brother want I to tell you what happen to you Mom ? have you ever hear it ? do you ever hear what the hell happen to she ? mike no . but I do not care . brother you love she , and do not tell know you do . I you do not . I mike I do not even know she . brother yeah , you love she , though . mike I already hear what happen to she . brother but you do not know the whole story . one thing about the truth . it 's interesting . mike I do not care . brother if you have know she , you would care . she would see guy on the side . at night . when I would not be around ... maybe I would be in San Francisco or some darn place , do my own business . God know where . she would see guy ... yeah .... anyway along come this guy . a guy we both know . a guy who be into card . a gamblin ' man . and he say that he use to herd cattle in Argentina . I dunno , maybe he do , and he have a bit of money . more and I have at that point in time . but it be funny , the way he gamble . he be not safe in the friend that he make . so he money would come and go real fast .... mike I never hear this one before . brother so this guy , you Mom fall for . what ? she go cuckoo over this guy . well , they affair go on for a year or so and you mom want to marry this guy . she be already marry to we real dad . so he say no . he do not love she anyways . but she want he to marry she . and to have a little family . that 's when you be bear . as a matter of fact , you be really the cause of this whole mess . she want to make a little family and take you and this guy someplace and set something up . ( slap he leg with he hand ) a family thing ! ridiculous , right . a card man . have a bunch of money , but could have just as well lose it on he next hand . probably do too . well you will see what I be get at . mike that 's not how I hear it . brother yeah , I know . you hear it from I and I be tell it different this time , see ? so this Mom of yours find herself a fuckin ' gun . I think she be go to blow I away with it one night . she get so into this gun . she would flash it to anybody that give she trouble . she would sleep with it . yeah ... strange , huh ? she would stir fry vegetable with the load gun . what ? I mean what ? I use to say , politely , " Mom , do not go stir up dinner with the gun , now , you will blow a hole in the fry pan . " what ? Mike begin to cry . brother and she use to do other thing with this gun . sexy thing with it . oh , boy , she be into this thing . I just think it be some sort of weird phase that she be go through . and so anyway , this guy , who she be cuckoo over , bring she to the movie one night . a drive - in movie in a steal car , do not - chaknow , what ? and the movie be .... ah .... rio bravo or some shit like that . and well , she go and shot this guy .... do not - cha-know . mike you be make this up as you go along , bro . brother and they do not find he until the next show , rio bravo play on the big screen . spill popcorn soaking up the blood . Mike begin to really cry now , bawling and cough . scott ( who have be listen ) oh , come on , how corny , man .... brother no . you mom have to split , and split she do . and that guy . that guy be you real father . mike ( sniff ) I know that be come . you sure do like to make I cry , bro . brother and I get this card from she , not too awful long ago . maybe a year . Mike 's brother hand he a postcard with a holiday Inn motel on the front of it . written on the card , Mike 's mom say she be work as a waitress there , in the " Blue room " of the holiday Inn off interstate 85 outside boise , Idaho . he also hand he a picture of he mom . Mike and Scott wear sunglass as they journey onward to the Blue room , Scott drive the motorcycle and Mike riding on the back . night time exterior of the holiday Inn . Mike and Scott pull up on the motorcycle and park it . Inside the holiday Inn . a hostess be stand in front of a sign that bill " shecky crude " as the feature entertainer of the evening in the " Blue room . " Mike be speak to the hostess . he show she he picture of mom . mike my mother work here . her name be dorothy . hostess ( think for a second ) no . I can not think of anyone by that name . let I get the manager . the hostess pick up the phone . manager 's office night . a manager be sit behind he desk wear a shiny blue suit , he shift in he swiveling chair , and look at the holiday Inn postcard that Mike 's mother send to he father . manager dorothy , dorothy there be a dorothy biondi use to work here a year ago , but she split . save up all she money and head to Italy . mike to Italy ? manager yeah . it take she forever to save any cash , but she do , and fly away . she be look for she family . I guess she come from Italy . but she do not look italian . scott be you mom italian ? mike I do not know . I guess that she be . in the lobby of the holiday Inn at night . Mike and Scott witness the arrival of the german mercede benz part salesman . scott there 's that guy . mike who ? scott the guy who give we a ride from Portland . what 's he do here ? Scott and Mike walk up to he . han turn and a broad smile cross he face . han Mike ! scottie ! how good to run into you ! my dear boy ! how have you be ? Inside han ' hotel bathroom . night . Mike lie in a bathtub in sudsy water . there be a pound on the bathroom door . mike I just get in the tub ! wait you turn . han but Mike ! do not you want anything to eat ? we be order room service . ya ? mike ahhh . room service ? ya ! let I see . two hamburger , with cheese , onion , lettuce , tomato , no pickle . a Coke and french fries . han o.k . that 's hamburger wiz everything , no pickle , Coke , french fries . mike that be correct . han thank you . mike you be welcome . as Mike and Scott eat they hamburger , han sit across from they next to a small desk light on a double bed in he holiday Inn room . han how be the hamburger , boy ? mike they be okay , han . scott good , han . I do not think that I have taste a hamburger as fine as this holiday Inn hamburger . han I be glad that you like it . the boy eat approvingly . han how do you boy get so far ? I only leave you in Portland a few day ago . scott we ride on we trusty motorcycle . han and what bring you to the holiday Inn ? scott Business . han what kind of business ? scott we be sell motorcycle . still image of Mike , Scott and han have sex in the motel . han ride he newly purchase motorcycle across the plain from boise to picabu , Idaho . a local policeman pull he over do 95 mph in a 45 mph zone . at the boise Airport Scott and Mike stand in a ticket line . the ticket taker stamp they ticket . ticket taker do you have any baggage ? Mike and Scott shake they head no . italia Mike wake up and find himself sit beside the trevi fountain in Rome . there be other street kid surround he fishing for coin that tourist have throw in the fountain . he do not see Scott . he look around a bit . scott ( o.s. ) mikey ! over here ! Mike 's view of Scott in a taxi cab . the taxi pull up to a small farmhouse on a hill outside of Rome . Mike and Scott get out and walk around the house . a farmer be cut he crop on the next hillside . a dog walk up to they . the taxi driver get out of the car and ask for he money in italian . Scott hold out the money that he have and the driver take it , count it out for himself . Mike walk around a corner of the house and notice the door be open as the cab drive off down the drive . Scott sit down on the stoop in front of a shack and Mike step into the house . mike Mom ?............ hello ? a extremely beautiful italian girl walk around the corner where Scott be sit . he can not see she . and she lean against the shack and stare at he , then look up at Mike , who be walk through the house try to find someone . girl hello . scott hi . be this you house ? the girl be a little shy and lean on the shack . girl no . this be not my house , but . it be my uncle 's house . scott I be Scott . girl I be carmella . scott and he be Mike . we come from America to find he mother . carmella oh. a american woman ? scott yeah , do you know she ? carmella yes , but . it be not true that she life here .. scott it be not true ? carmella no . she leave a long time ago . back to America . scott oh , shit . be she you friend ? carmella I want to speak English , and she teach it to I . Scott look up at she , a little surprised . Mike walk from the house to Scott and carmella . carmella hello . my name be carmella . mike I be Mike . carmella hello Mike . scott she know you mom . later in the afternoon , Mike be inside of a room in the house , and he be cry . he be talk to scottie , who be hold he . mike I mean , Christ , we come all this fuckin ' way and she be not here either . where would she go from here ? Mike walk through the room of the italian country mike' view of a room , and Scott be just close the door . he wink at Mike as he shut it . Inside the room , carmella and Scott lay down on the bed and kiss . Scott take off he clothes and ravish carmella , tear at she dress . carmella be naked and the two grab and twist with each other on the white bed . still view of the lovemake . Mike in the country , watch the farmer in the field . Mike approach the house and there be a taxi cab wait . carmella be put a suitcase in the trunk . Scott help carmella in the front seat of the taxi . scott hey , Mike . let I talk with you for a second . Scott follow Mike inside the house and into a room . scott I be gonna take some time off . Scott give Mike a american Express card . scott do not leave home without it . ha - ha . ( Mike do not think it 's funny ) I mean , maybe I will run into you down the road . Mike be shocked but see what Scott need to do as he look out the window and can see carmella in the taxi . mike yeah , sure . okay . scott sorry about this , dude . mike I will be okay . do not worry about I . scott sorry , but .... mike no , man , forget it . hurry up , she 's wait , you be gonna lose she . Mike hide a tear . scott all right . you sure you will be okay ? mike go on , get out of here . outside , a dog watch the taxi leave down a rutte dirt drive . mike' thought : well . so much for the great protector - of-us-all . protector of himself , more like . I could not believe Scott would leave I here in the middle of a foreign country . Inside , Mike go into one of he fit , snort , a little like a pig , and fall asleep . portland Mike wake up in a airline 's passenger seat . a stewardess be lean over he . stewardess wake up . wake up , we be here . mike where ? where be I ? stewardess you be in Portland . int . broadway cafe in the day . Mike sit at the round table in front of the window . denise be with a new boy , stuart , and they be make out . Mary sit and chain smoke cigarettes , there be three other unknowns around the table . mike and so , I be back in Portland , enjoy the life I use to lead . it be like I be back from a vacation . denise have a boyfriend now .... ext. street night . Cars cruise by . Mike be on a street corner . he hop into a stranger 's car . int. motel night . still view of Mike have sex with a date . mike ... and I enjoy the fruit of my labor . close view of money exchange hand . broadway cafe day . Mike be at the table again , smoking a cigarette . there be three new kid who look very mean , and be hassling another kid , pull he collar and throw he around . mike' thought and there be new kid who be come around who want to take you money . it be a dark period for the street . normally , Scott would keep order in the Broadway Cafe . a hot dog stand . Gary cheerfully prepare Mike a hot dog . mike' thought Gary and Ray both get work at stand . it be funny ... int. deli day . Ray serve Mike a hot dog . mike' thought ( they both sell hot dog . which be what they be use to sell on the street in the old day . this guy have really change , I think . Mike 's face , outdoors in the daytime . he look out on the cityscape . the building of the city uproot and tumble in the air . jake restaurant night . Mike wake up . he be sit next to Bob and Budd . a new friend , a colorfully dress man name bad GEORGE , who look like a street minstrel , talk on the street in front of a fancy restaurant . bad George be obnoxiously yell in Bob 's face . bad GEORGE Bob ! what tiding I bring you . and such joy . some of that old rot gut that you and I use to drink . I have three bottle stashed in the bush out on eighty - second . bob what blow you in ? bad GEORGE think of the fun we can have , if we could only rind a ride for a journey to the bush where the hooch be hide . bob if I share you wine , I might catch this awful disease you appear to have . my clothes would turn stripe , and I would suddenly have bell on my toe , like this here ... Bob point to George 's bell on he shoe . bad GEORGE Bob , you be one of the great live man on Three -street . bob that be correct . bad GEORGE surely you can find we a ride somewhere . mike' thought : as I listen to bad George and Bob talk , I watch across the street as a long black car pull up alongside one of the fancier restaurant / bar establishment of Portland . and who get out of that car ? it be the old protector - of - we - all , himself scottie favor . Bob notice the group of man get out of a car in front of the restaurant . one of they be scottie , in a three piece suit . he be with he italian girlfriend . bob if it be not scottie favor himself . bless be they who have be my close friend . now dress in a three piece suit and look every bit a gentleman ! he have run into he inheritance . bad GEORGE who ? bob George , Budd , Mike . we have wait for this day to come . Bob charge in the direction of scottie and he friend . I not . jake . night . scottie and he associate , who be man much older than he , perhaps in they thirty , make they way through the yuppie crowd stand in the bar drink . hellos and how-do- you - do 's be direct at scottie . a man stop Scott on he way through the crowd . man scottie ! I have not see you in a dog 's age . you be look well . so grow up . scottie , I would like you to meet Ed Warren , he 's in marketing at nike . Ed , this be scottie favor . ed oh , Jack favor 's son , hello , pleased to meet you . scottie how do you do ? Bob be follow scottie through the crowd . scottie walk past han , who be have a drink with another man . they recognize each other but neither speak . Bob , with bad George in tow , straighten himself up as the yuppie crowd look on disapprovingly . they smelly clothing betray they . bob come , George , watch this . you will see the attention that I get . Bob look at he clothes . a bouncer spot they . bob it 's true we be draw attention to ourselves . but scottie will see that I be die to see he , and it will not matter how we be dress . scotty and he friend be sit around a crowded table . as they take they seat , scottie hear Bob bellow . view of Bob be detain by the bouncer . bob God save you ! God save you , my sweet boy . scotty turn away from Bob , so he back be to he . bob sonny ! my true friend ! silence for a second , the crowd grow quieter . bob I mean you , sonny ! it 's I , Bob ! without turn toward Bob , scottie speak . scott I do not know you , old man . girl in crowd who be that bum ? scottie turn and meet Bob , who kneel next to he . scottie please leave I alone . Bob be think that scottie 's attitude be a joke . scottie do not think that I be the same scottie that I be before . everyone have notice that I have turn away from that life , and the people who keep I company . Bob be shocked . outside , Mike can see through the window of the restaurant , Bob and scottie talk . int. jake . night . scottie when I be young , and you be my street tutor . a instigator for my bad behavior , I be try to change . now that I have , and until I change back do not come near I . Bob feel the rejection like a shock . stare at Scott for a second , then he 's pull away by the bouncer . ext. jake . night . Mike watch Bob and Budd sit down with he . budd do not take all this seriously . it 's one of he joke . nighttime overhead view of Bob in he greasy derelict hotel bed . he be have nightmare , and suddenly he cry out ' bob God , God .... God ! Dawn view of the city Mike awake atop a downtown building . Inside the derelict Hotel Day . Mike enter , and walk through a very quiet , although crowded MAIN entrance . there be a body on a slab in the middle of the room that be cover with a sheet . mike pigeon ? a boy scottie favor break he heart . gary he 's go now , either to Heaven or to Hell . jane lightwork be sure it be not to Hell . he try to be a honest sort . I be the one who hear he cry out last night . he say God , God , God ... three or four time . and when I get there I put my hand into the bed and feel he foot . and they be cold as stone . and I check the rest of he body . and it too be as cold as stone . budd ( cry ) it sure be quiet . Mike approach Budd . mike I guess you be gonna miss he the most , Budd . Mike give he scottie 's american Express card , as other carry he body out of the hotel . Dawn view of the city . mike here . maybe you can give he a good burial . Budd cry . Mike exit . in the country , Mike look at the road . he have vision of sagebrush and rock fly into the air as if pick up by a big wind . then he lie asleep by the side of the road . mike' voice I suppose that a lot of kid like I think that they have no home , that home be a place where you have a mom and a dad . pause . mike' thought but home can be any place that you want . or wherever you can find my home be right here on the side of this road , that I be to before . I just know I be on this fuck road one time before , you know that ? later , a car drive by Mike 's sleep body by the side of the road . it turn around and stop next to Mike . a figure put Mike in he car and drive off down the road . mike' thought sometimes I have think that God have not smile on I , and have give I a bum deal . and other time , I have think that God have smile on I . like now . he be smile on I ... for the time be .... int. car. Day . Scott be drive the car . he look over at Mike sleep . ext. desert. Day . the car disappear down the road .