my week with marilyn written by adrian hodge 1 ext . tilbury dock . day . 1 over a dark screen we see the caption : " this be a fairy story , a episode out of time and space , which nevertheless be real " - Colin Clark . then , fade up on : newsreel footage of sir laurence olivier and vivien leigh arrive back at tilbury dock to be greet by a excited crowd of fan . as they progress down the gangplank and stop to sign autograph we hear a excited commentary over : commentator " returning to England be Britain 's act royalty Sir laurence olivier and Lady olivier , better know as stun go with the wind star vivien leigh . Sir laurence have add a new string to he bow with the announcement that he be to direct and star in a screen version of terence rattigan 's stage play the sleep Prince with none other than Hollywood siren Marilyn Monroe . when the world 's great actor romance the most famous woman alive , we can be sure that spark will fly . now , now Lady olivier , do not worry - any romance be strictly for the camera ! " as olivier and vivien smile for the photographer , we - CUT to : 2 ext . saltwood castle . day . 2 it be 1956 . saltwood Castle , the family home of the Clark family , loom over the landscape , frame by the set sun . it be majestic , a englishman 's dream of a home , complete with turret and even a moat . there be a feel of timeless beauty and stability about the scene , something profoundly English . we be a very long way from Hollywood . CUT to : 3 ext . saltwood castle . garden . day . 3 colin clark , 23 , hurry across the lawn carry a bag , he be casually dress , boyish and handsome . he head towards a beautiful , ramshackle building and through the ancient oak door . my week with marilyn 2 . 3a int . saltwood castle . library stair . day . 3a colin bound up the stair into the Library . 3b int . saltwood castle . library . day . 3b as colin enter , he see sir kenneth clark , stand in front of a painting on a easel by the italian baroque painter , annibale carracci . he have two student with he , a man and a woman in they early 20 , and be in mid-description of the painting . kenneth ... and this be one of carracci 's earlier work and one be able to see the emergence of he now famous baroque style , which be clearly roote in the tradition of high renaissance and antiquity ... colin pause briefly and hurry towards they . throughout the scene there be a sense of he urgency and desire to go . the whole thing should be play at breakneck pace . kenneth beam affectionately . kenneth Colin ! come in . have you meet James and Anna ? two very brilliant pupil . he have the avuncular air of a benign academic , affable and a little eccentric . colin smile hurriedly at the student , no time to waste . colin I be leave for London now , pa. kenneth ah , yes . well , bon chance , dear boy ... he put a friendly arm around colin 's shoulder and start to walk he back to the door . kenneth I can always get you a research position at the v&amp ; a when you have grow up a bit and get this film idea out of you system ... colin 's smile but before he can reply jane clark whirl into the room , a ball of energy , talk nineteen to the dozen . jane Kenneth , you might have tell cook we be another two for dinner . what be everyone suppose to eat ? cabbage soup ? oh , Colin , darling , there you be ... my week with marilyn 2a . she look wonderful in a good quality but elderly dress , eccentrically combine with gardening attire , she mind on a dozen thing at once . colin I be off now , mama . jane off ? colin my job interview , remember ..? but she be already continue she journey . colin smile hurriedly at kenneth , who give he a affectionate wave as colin dash after he mother . she leave the Library . CUT to : 3c int . saltwood castle . garden . day . 3c jane stride across the lawn with colin rush to catch up . jane can not you stay for dinner ? there 's nothing to eat but I be sure the conversation will be charming . colin I do not want to be late in the morning . as colin hurry after jane he be nearly run down by a elderly gardener with a lawn mower , and have to take lightning evasive action . jane do not notice . jane I be sure they will not mind . you will be a famous film director in no time . I know you father 's put in a word . colin I wish he have not do that . I can manage on my own . she stop so abruptly he nearly slam into she . jane look around the garden with a frown . jane I have to watch Jenkins like a hawk . one more of he murderous pruning and we will lose the tea rose for ever . and she 's off again , with colin still follow . he can not help smile at the madness of it all . CUT to : my week with marilyn 2b . 4 ext . saltwood castle . driveway . day . 4 the sun be set , casting a golden glow over the castle . colin and jane emerge from the front door , colin pause in the driveway and dump he bag in the back of he old but racy mg Sports car . only now do jane really turn she attention fully to he for the first time . jane now go and have a lovely time , darling . we be always here when you be ready to talk you future . colin want to protest but before he can get the word out jane see a young gardener walk at the side of the house with a wheel barrow . her face light up . jane mullin ! be a angel - find cook and ask she how many pork chop we need for tonight . then bring the car round . I must get to the village before the shop shut ... she dash away after the gardener , turn back as a afterthought to blow a kiss at colin as she go . colin smile , then pause for a moment to look at the house . we can sense both he affection for it but more pressingly he need to get away . he get in , put the car in gear and the bristol pull out of the drive and across the moat . in the last ray of the sun , the countryside look magical , but Colin only have eye for the road ahead . my week with marilyn 3 . 5 ext . london street montage . evening 5 CUT to credit over a montage of scene of london in the 1950s from colin' point of view . as he make he way into the CITY we see the statue of eros against the light of piccadilly circus , crowd milling around trafalgar square , young people spilling out of club and coffee bar in soho , until , we fade to : 6 ext . piccadilly street . day . 6 a sharp contrast with the hazy beauty of the countryside . it be early morning in the heart of London 's West end . the street hum with activity as office worker in hat and raincoat stream from the tube station . colin push he way through the early morning crowd in Piccadilly . this be he patch ; he be very much at home here , negotiate the busy street with ease . as he pass by the upmarket burlington arcade a tailor pause in measure a suit for a client to give he a familiar wave . colin wave back . CUT to : 7 ext . 144 piccadilly . london . day . 7 check he watch he run the last few yard then stop outside the impose facade of 144 Piccadilly . a plaque outside the door announce : laurence olivier production . Colin finger he carefully knotted tie to make sure everything be correctly in place , then go to the door and ring the bell . CUT to : my week with marilyn 4 . 8 int . 144 piccadilly . reception area . day . 8 the reception area be luxurious - deep pile carpet and plush sofa . vanessa , the beautiful secretary , sit behind she impose desk , gaze doubtfully at colin . vanessa you be not in Mr. perceval 's diary . colin Larry tell I to come . she pause dubiously , then reach for she telephone . we hear a man answer in a office down the hall , he voice carry irritably . perceval ( off ) yes ? vanessa I have a Mr. Colin Clark here . he say Sir laurence send he . she stress the proper name in disapproval of Colin 's familiarity . perceval ( off ) oh , God ... not another one of vivien 's pretty boy . vanessa look at colin with amusement . his smile falter as he feel himself come down to earth with a bump . CUT to : 9 int . 144 piccadilly . hugh perceval' office . day . 9 hugh perceval ( 40s ) be laurence olivier 's production executive . he be tall and gloomy , with black - rimmed spectacle and thinning dark hair . he look at colin grimly as he stuff he pipe with tobacco . perceval well , what do you want ? colin a job on you Marilyn Monroe film . my week with marilyn 5 . perceval oh really , what as ? colin I want to work on the production side . he smile with as much charm as he can muster . perceval be not impressed . perceval there be no job yet . we do not start shoot for eight week . colin May I wait ? perceval what ? colin until there 's a job . perceval for eight week ? colin something might come up . perceval be distract as the telephone ring . perceval Terry ? Larry wonder how the script be come ... CUT to : 10 int . 144 piccadilly . reception area . day . ( montage ) 10 colin troops back to the sofa . vanessa give he a cool glance . colin look at the clock . it have just go 10.30 . my week with marilyn 6 . we see the day pass as colin sit on the sofa - the clock tick slowly on the wall , vanessa busy at she desk , colin look up hopefully from time to time , only to be disappointed . CUT to : 11 int . 144 piccadilly . reception area . day . ( montage ) 11 it be now nearly 6 o'clock . colin sit exactly as he be . perceval share a look with vanessa as he come out of he office . he gaze drily at Colin . perceval there be no job . colin I will come back tomorrow morning . just in case . perceval it 's a free country . he sound as though he rather regret it . 11a ext . 144 piccadilly . london . day . ( montage ) 11a colin arrive early , ready for another day . 12 int . 144 piccadilly . reception area . day . ( montage ) 12 colin be back in he place at 8.30 sharp the next morning . perceval give he a grim stare as he go through to he office . vanessa glance up from she typewriter . he meet she eye optimistically but she ignore he . 13 int . 144 piccadilly . reception area . day . 13 the clock tick around with agonise slowness to 11.00 . vanessa finally give Colin a pity look . vanessa be you go to sit there all day ? colin if I have to . vanessa you be very determine . colin I would do anything to be in the film business . vanessa anything ? my week with marilyn 7 . she smile cheekily . he grin back , sense a opportunity . vanessa you can start by make I a cup of tea . White , two sugar . CUT to : 14 omitted 14 my week with marilyn 8 . 15 int . 144 piccadilly . reception area . day . 15 Close on the clock as it tick around monotonously to 12.30 . vanessa put on she glove and collect she bag . she give colin a sly look . vanessa you can answer the telephone while I be at lunch , if you like . she wink . colin grin . the phone ring . he pick it up . colin laurence olivier production ... caller ( on phone ) be Sir laurence there ? colin he 's at notley until the end of the week . can I take a message ? caller ( on phone ) I will call back . no sooner have colin hang up than perceval appear . he stare at colin . colin vanessa ask I to ... perceval oh , do she ? why do not you put that call through ? colin there do not seem any need to bother you . but if you want I to transfer every single one ... perceval look at he grudgingly . perceval use you judgement . he hesitates and look back . perceval ( cont 'd ) I need a number for Noel coward . it will not be in the book , so you will have to track he down . colin realise this be a test . he think quickly . CUT to : my week with marilyn 8a . 16 int . saltwood castle . hall . day . 16 the phone ring in the beautiful central hall . jane clark pick up the phone . my week with marilyn 9 . colin ( on phone ) hello , mama . jane Colin , darling ! how be you get on ? CUT back to : 17 144 piccadilly . reception area . day . 17 colin glance towards perceval 's office and talk quickly . colin ( on phone ) this be urgent . I need Noel coward 's London number . my life depend on it . jane how exciting . let I see ... it 's sloane 2965 . ask he if he 's come to saltwood for the bank holiday . colin I will . mama , you be a angel . CUT to : 18 int . 144 piccadilly . hugh perceval' office . day . 18 perceval look up as colin put the number on he desk . perceval that be quick . colin I have a bit of luck . perceval look at he shrewdly . perceval be I suppose to be impressed ? do mummy and daddy help ? do not think they can do the job for you . the only way you will get on in this business be through bloody hard work . colin yes , sir . colin leave . CUT to : my week with marilyn 9a . 19 int . 144 piccadilly . reception area . day . 19 a new morning . colin perches restlessly on the sofa . despite he modest triumph he be back where he start . the second pass in dull silence . he be beginning to think he campaign will fail . but then , in a heartbeat , everything change . he look up in surprise as the door burst open and sir laurence olivier stride in with he wife vivien leigh on he arm . my week with marilyn 10 . at the age of 49 sir laurence olivier be at the peak of he fame . he be handsome and charismatic , and vivien be scarcely less extraordinary . the go with the wind star remain classically lovely , flirtatious and captivate . individually they be charismatic enough , but together they be electrify , seem to charge the air around they with the power of they personality , galvanise anyone who come into contact with they . vanessa leap to she foot and perceval hurry to greet they as colin stand up uncertainly . olivier be all amiable bluster and bonhomie . olivier do you know , hughie , it be simply impossible to get Marilyn Monroe on the telephone ? the darling girl spend the entire day asleep . but great beauty have its way ... he laugh , but then notice vivien 's less than enthusiastic response . seek refuge in some distraction he notice colin hover by the sofa . olivier ( cont 'd ) hello , boy ... remind I ? he smile vaguely and glance at vivien for help . vivien you remember Colin , darling . you meet he at the clark ' party . olivier ( no idea ) of course . what be you do here ? colin you say there might be a job on you film . olivier have no recollection of this and fumble in he pocket to cover he confusion , bring out a packet of cigarettes and offer they to colin with breezy charm . olivier have a cigarette . keep the pack . he turn quickly to perceval . my week with marilyn 11 . olivier ( cont 'd ) there will not be any film unless miss Monroe get she splendid posterior out of bed . perceval the House Committee be threaten to withhold Miller 's passport . they say he 's a communist . no Arthur , no Marilyn . olivier I will have a word with the american ambassador . I be take he to see vivien in South Sea bubble on Thursday ... now , tell I , hughie , be Terry 's rewrite in ? he put a arm around perceval 's shoulder and they disappear together into perceval 's office . vivien linger behind , smile radiantly at colin who look dumbly at the packet of cigarettes in he hand . he now see they be call " olivier " . vivien wrinkle she nose in amusement . vivien they name they after Larry . the first actor since du maurier to have he own brand and they pay he a absolute fortune . ( pause ) I be afraid they be rather ghastly . she cup Colin 's cheek with she hand and study he in mock awe . vivien ( cont 'd ) be not he gorgeous , vanessa ? vanessa I suppose he 's all right . vivien 's eye sparkle . olivier emerge from the office with a handful of script page and vivien look at he slyly , get she own back for he tactless over - praise of Marilyn 's charm as she stroke colin 's cheek . my week with marilyn 12 . vivien ( to colin ) let 's elope together and have the most glorious affair . ( arch ) oh , but then , who would look after my poor Larry ? olivier glance over with a faint look of exasperation . vivien wink at colin and take she husband 's arm . vivien ( cont 'd ) now , darling , you must do something for Colin . you absolutely promise . olivier look hunt . there be no way out . he glance back at perceval as he come in . olivier let 's try to find he something to do , hughie . colin grin in triumph . vivien smile at he . vivien you will take care of my precious larrykin , will not you ? she flirtatiously offer up she cheek for colin to kiss . colin 's smile falter as he see perceval look at he grimly . 20 int . 144 piccadilly . hugh perceval' office . day . 20 colin stand eagerly at perceval 's desk . perceval look at he , more than usually brusque . perceval Arthur Jacobs , miss Monroe 's publicist be fly in tomorrow . he want to see the house she will be stay in . find something suitable . 20 alt int . 144 piccadilly . hugh perceval' office . day . alt 20 colin knock and walk into perceval 's office , carry a tray with tea and a plate of biscuit . the blind be close and a 16 mm projector be run ; silent image play on a fold - up screen in the corner of the room . frame in the light of the projector be perceval and the film 's lighting cameraman jack cardiff . they take no notice of Colin . he look up at the screen . the two man be watch make - up , hair and wardrobe test for the film . marilyn monroe in character as elsie marina . my week with marilyn 12a . the film show Marilyn look sweet and pretty , chat silently to someone just off camera , mugging playfully in costume , larking about with she hair - and then , when she want to , turn on she full film star wattage and look wonderful , every inch the beautiful icon . it be a intimate glimpse of she at work . Colin watch , fascinate , completely forget why he 's there , still hold the tray - perceval ( to cardiff ) Larry say he particularly like this dress . she look radiant . cardiff exactly - we need to tone she down a bit . perceval how the hell do you tone down Marilyn Monroe ?! colin laugh . he immediately regret it . both man turn to look at he . perceval turn off the projector and gaze at he stonily . perceval Marilyn Monroe 's publicist be fly in tomorrow . he want to see the house she will be stay in . find something suitable . colin nod eagerly , anxious to get out . he be already at the door when perceval bark at he again . perceval and leave the bloody tea . colin have forget the tray . he blushes furiously , put it down and hurry out . 21 ext . country road . day . 21 colin have a map spread out on the bonnet of he bristol sport car . he find pinewood studios then draw a ring around its circumference . he tap he pencil thoughtfully as he light a cigarette - one of the brand pack that olivier give he . he inhale deeply , think , then grimace in distaste , quickly stubbing it out under he foot . CUT to : my week with marilyn 13. 22 ext . tibbs farm . drive . day . 22 colin pull into the drive of tibbs farm , a charming English cottage . CUT to : 23 ext . tibbs farm . day . 23 cote - preedy , the owner , clearly have a very high opinion of tibbs farm . aloof and snobbish , he stand by the front door , look down he nose at colin . cote -preedy out of the question . I can not have a lot of awful film people tramping through the house in dirty boot . colin we would pay a hundred pound per week for 18 week . cote -preedy my wife would never agree . colin that 's a pity . I will have to tell miss Monroe to look elsewhere , then . cote -preedy double take . cote -preedy Marilyn Monroe ? colin ( nods ) she 's make a film with Sir laurence olivier . the sleep Prince . from the play by terence rattigan . cote -preedy I see it in the West end a couple of year ago . vivien leigh be marvellous . colin it 's Marilyn Monroe in the film . cote -preedy smile transparently . my week with marilyn 14 . cote -preedy ( after a second ) I suppose I would have to be introduce ..? CUT to : 24 deleted 24 25 ext . 144 piccadilly . london . day . 25 arthur jacob , Marilyn 's publicist , be a close - cropped , pugnacious figure in he mid-forty . he wait impatiently outside olivier 's office , a stack of newspaper under he arm . colin come hurry up , smile brightly . colin good morning , Mr. Jacobs . I hope you have a pleasant flight . jacob where 's the fuck car ? CUT to : 26 ext . country lane . day . 26 jacob sit in the passenger seat of Colin 's bristol sport car read he stack of newspaper . after a moment he grunt in disgust . jacob jeez , do you brit actually read this stuff ? he wind down he window and simply throw the whole lot out into the lane . the page billow out in a great cloud behind the speed car , landing in the pretty hedgerow and on neat front lawn . colin gape in astonishment . welcome to Hollywood . CUT to : 27 ext . tibbs farm . day . 27 jacob slouches out of the house , magnificently unimpress . cote - preedy follow he proudly with colin at he side . jacob take a long , unimpress look at the property . jacob what be this place ? a brothel ? cote -preedy 's face fall . my week with marilyn 14a . cote -preedy it 's one of the best house in the area . jacob Jesus . and I think you brit have taste . my week with marilyn 15 . he glance at colin . jacob ( cont 'd ) be this the best you can do ? colin it 's very near pinewood . jacob all right . we will take it . ( pause ) but ditch the wallpaper . it 's give I a migraine . CUT to : 28 int . 144 piccadilly . hugh perceval' office . day . 28 jacob slap down a copy of the even Standard on the desk . the front page carry a picture of tibbs farm with the caption : " exclusive - Marilyn 's luxury Home in England " . he jab a finger at it angrily . olivier News travel fast . jacob that house be perfect for Marilyn . perceval we can not use it now . colin yes we can . I know cote - preedy would not be able to keep this quiet . they stare to he in surprise . he look at they boldly . colin when you ask I to find a house for miss Monroe I take the precaution of find two . the other one , parkside , be much better and the owner be very discreet . perceval but now we have two expensive house when we only want one . colin I think someone else on the production might want it . perceval oh , do you ? there be a dangerous moment when thing could go either way . colin have gamble everything in a bid to impress they . my week with marilyn 16 . he wait in tense silence , stare at they puzzle expression . but then jacob shrug . jacob I guess milton could use it . it 's near the studio , near Marilyn . olivier look at colin , then burst out laugh . olivier what be we pay you , boy ? he glance at colin with amusement . colin nothing ... olivier ( laughing ) see to it , hughie ! perceval sigh grimly . CUT to : 29 ext . pinewood studio . day . 29 pinewood studio be the glamorous heart of the british film industry . colin drive up to the gate and smile at the security man . colin Colin Clark . Sir laurence olivier production . CUT to : 30 ext / int . pinewood studio . day . 30 actor in full costume walk past , technician move light and camera , extras be herde to they scene by harry assistant director . colin take it all in with wonder eye . to he the studio be a magical place . CUT to : 31 int . pinewood studio . dressing room . day . 31 the dress room be little more than empty shell . jacob look around . olivier and perceval be with he , while colin wait attentively . perceval the set decorator will have it all sort out in no time . my week with marilyn 16a . jacob Marilyn hate red . and blue . ( pause ) and green . perceval what about white ? jacob I would have to clear it with she . olivier glance mischievously at Colin . my week with marilyn 17 . olivier beige , then . beige be rarely controversial . jacob consider this , unaware that olivier be teasing he . jacob I guess that 's okay . she 's never say nothing about beige . Paula will need the room next door . colin Paula ? jacob strasberg . Marilyn 's act coach . olivier look at he darkly . jacob shrug . jacob ( cont 'd ) she 's nut about the method . olivier stanislavski and the method be perfectly fine in the rehearsal room but they do not belong on a film set . time be too tight . I be sure Marilyn understand . he turn and walk away . jacob frown uncertainly . jacob who the hell be this commie Stan slavski ? CUT to : 32 int . pinewood studio . production office . day . 32 colin stand in the production Office . david orton ( 30 ) the first Assistant director , a thin , fair- haire man regards he with obvious irritation . orton I do not know why Hugh perceval send you here . there 's nothing I can do for you . colin why not ? orton be you in the union ? colin no ... my week with marilyn 18 . orton then you can not have a job on the film . colin how do I get in the union ? orton by get a job on the film . colin but you just say I could not have a job on the film unless I be in the union . orton exactly . it 's call a close shop . colin look at he helplessly . orton relent a little . orton ( cont 'd ) I suppose I might be able to sort something out . the Union owe I a few favour . we have not get a third yet . colin a third ? orton third Assistant director . ( pause ) you do know what the job be ? colin assist the director ? orton Christ , no ! that 's the last thing you do . lesson one . the third 's job be to do whatever the fuck I tell he . orton walk to the door , then look back . orton ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) what be you wait for ? colin scramble to follow he out . CUT to : 33 int . pinewood studio . wardrobe dept . day . 33 as orton and colin pass the wardrobe department colin notice a pretty wardrobe girl ( lucy ) put costume on the rack . she have dark hair and laugh eye and be a year or so young than he . orton follow he gaze . my week with marilyn 18a . orton Colin ! colin jump as orton glower at he . orton ( cont 'd ) lesson two . you do not shit on you own doorstep . get it ? my week with marilyn 19 . colin get it . but he sneak a look back at lucy as he go . 33A ext . pinewood studio . day . 33 a orton and colin hurry through pinewood . orton where be you stay ? colin my father 's place in the albany . orton you can forget that . lesson Three . the third always stay nearby , not in some bloody palace in London . ( pause ) Book a room at the Dog and duck down the road . it 's a bit rough but you will get use to it . he grin , enjoy himself . orton ( cont 'd ) now make yourself useful . Marilyn need a bodyguard . sort something out . CUT to : 34 int . pinewood studio . production office . day . 34 perceval sit with colin and roger smith . smith be a dignify figure in he mid-fifty . his erect bear speak of a lifetime in the police . perceval I be sure you understand the sensitive nature of the job , superintendant ? roger no need for the title . I be retire from the force . ( pause ) something about look after a cinema actress ? perceval not just any actress . Marilyn Monroe . he get no reaction from the stolid ex-policeman . roger I have never have much time for the picture . my week with marilyn 20 . perceval excellent . ( pause ) for the next four month you never leave she side , day or night . there will be crowd . roger that do not bother I . perceval pause awkwardly . perceval her behaviour be reputedly a little ... erratic . roger she drink ? perceval amongst other thing . roger pill ? perceval leave a tactful pause . perceval it would be useful if you could keep we inform of she ... domestic situation . roger you want I to spy on she ? perceval and Roger understand each other perfectly . perceval just the odd early warning if you know she 's go to be late on set . that kind of thing . Smith take this in he stride ; he seem wholly immune to the glamour of the movie . CUT to : 35 int . pinewood studio . corridor . day . 35 jacob chase after olivier try to get he attention . olivier be busy study preliminary sketches of costume and set . jacob you need to speak to the coca-cola people , Larry . they be crazy to be involved with Marilyn . perceval and colin meet they come the other way . my week with marilyn 20a . perceval good news . the House Committee have decide Miller be not a communist after all . my week with marilyn 21 . jacob of course he be . all that pain in the ass New York intellectual be red . olivier roll he eye behind jacob back . colin grin . perceval it mean Marilyn will be fly in next week on schedule . jacob she will have to be meet . olivier naturally , vivien and I will be there to greet she . but let 's keep it low key , shall we ? jacob do not worry . I have get it all under control . CUT to : 36 int . london airport . hall . day . 36 bedlam ! the custom area be besiege by shouting , push journalist as the police fight to keep control . in the middle of the chaos colin stand with roger smith watch olivier and vivien address the gather press . olivier it be a deep happiness to I to be translate terence rattigan 's magnificent play to the screen ... a voice suddenly ring out from the back of the previously attentive crowd . reporter the plane 's land ! as one , the entire crowd turn away from olivier and rush towards the plane . suddenly abandon , olivier and vivien look momentarily startle before vivien glance at he with a half -smile . vivien it seem we be not top of the bill anymore , darling . CUT to : 37 ext . london airport . plane / tarmac . day . 37 marilyn monroe walk down the step of a twa jet on a rainy London day . she clutches a bouquet of flower and wear dark glass ; my week with marilyn 21a . she raincoat be sling loosely over she shoulder . her new husband arthur miller walk a step or two behind she , wear a light summer jacket . my week with marilyn 22 . 38 ext . london airport . tarmac . day . 38 marilyn and miller walk across the tarmac towards the terminal and the crowd of PRESS wait for they . reporter there she be ! Marilyn ! the reporter surge forward . colin follow they collective gaze . she look exactly as she should . the radiant smile , the platinum blonde hair , the sexy wiggle . the most famous film star in the world , so much herself it be almost unreal . walk through the crowd marilyn smile easily , whereas miller look stern and a little daze by the sudden flurry of attention . flashbulb pop as the police struggle to contain the crowd . marilyn put she arm around miller , who grin blankly . the flashbulb burst in front of they , a solid wall of dazzle light . reporter ( cont 'd ) Marilyn ! over here , Marilyn ! reporter 2 Marilyn , this way ..! arthur jacob observe the chaotic scene with obvious relish , grin towards roger and colin . jacob beautiful . you be look at tomorrow 's front page , boy . roger look at colin . roger we have to get they to the hall . colin barge he way through the scrum behind roger and briefly find himself directly in front of marilyn . for a moment he be transfix by she beauty and charisma but she do not even see he as she follow the commanding roger obediently , tug Miller along behind she , leave Colin in she wake . CUT to : 39 deleted 39 40 int . london airport . hall . day . 40 marilyn sit with miller at she side , flanke by olivier and vivien . marilyn wear a large pair of sunglass . photographer jam they flashbulb into she face . roger hover protectively with colin . olivier smile as he address the crowd . my week with marilyn 22a . olivier it 's my genuine pleasure to introduce a woman who need no introduction . ( more ) my week with marilyn 23. olivier ( cont 'd ) a great actress on she first trip to London whom I have no doubt ... reporter how do you like be marry , Marilyn ? marilyn I like it a lot . reporter be this third time lucky ? marilyn you bet it be . Arthur 's the great man I ever meet . olivier smile tolerantly , mildly put out at this . marilyn take off she sunglass and blink . she take miller 's arm and look at he adoringly . he bite down savagely on he unlit pipe . reporter Marilyn , be you plan to see the sight ? marilyn I would love to see the little fellow with the bow and arrow in Piccadilly Circus . there be a appreciative laughter from reporter . reporter 2 be it true you want to be a classical actor now ? marilyn I want to be the best actress I can be . reporter 2 there 's a rumour you be go to be in the Brothers karamazov on Broadway . marilyn I be consider it . reporter 3 ( shout ) which of they will you be play ? the agenda be clear - Marilyn be the dumb blonde and should act accordingly . but she take it in she stride , smile sweetly . marilyn I will be play grushenka . my week with marilyn 24 . reporter 3 can you spell that ? marilyn sure . can you ? there be laughter at the reporter 's expense . reporter so would you say you be a intellectual now ? marilyn my husband be . she look adoringly at Miller , who smile vaguely . reporter 2 what 's you definition of a intellectual , Marilyn ? marilyn I guess you could look it up in a dictionary . this time the laughter be emphatically on marilyn 's side . one of the reporter turn to vivien . reporter vivien , you create the part of elsie marina on stage . do you have any advice for Marilyn ? vivien I be sure if miss Monroe need any advice she will get it from she director . I hear he 's terribly good . the reporter laugh with she and olivier smile graciously . but as she smile at he we detect just a flicker of jealous hurt in she eye . olivier intervene quickly to continue he prepare speech of welcome . olivier in the sleep Prince we have discover the perfect vehicle for miss Monroe 's luminous and justly celebrate talent ... he stop as a reporter shout over he . jacob Marilyn , be it true you wear nothing in bed except chanel no 5 ? marilyn as I be in England let 's say I sleep in nothing but yardley 's lavender . my week with marilyn 25 . the press laugh in delight . on the edge of the crowd colin watch she , amused and impressed . CUT to : 41 ext . parkside house . gate . day 41 a convoy of car pass through the throng of journalist wait at the gate . Marilyn 's " secret " hideaway be no longer much of a secret . the classical old house be elegant and luxurious . 42 ext . parkside house . front door . day . 42 outside the front door marilyn , miller , olivier and vivien have they picture take by the official photographer . roger watch unobtrusively . vivien be all you press conference like that , darling ? marilyn well , that be quieter than some . vivien smile at the wry joke . arthur jacob watch the proceedings with a eagle eye . jacob okay , let 's get a snap of the newlywed . smile , Arthur . it 's not a fire squad . as the group break up , milton greene , handsome and dark - haire , now approach olivier and colin . milton this be some place you find . he glance at the house . olivier smile generously . olivier you have my new assistant Colin to thank for that . ( pause , he shepherd colin over ) this be milton greene . you must be very nice to he . he own half of Marilyn Monroe production . milton forty nine per cent , Larry . greene ( 34 ) offer they a tired smile . olivier produce one of he brand packet and offer a cigarette to milton . my week with marilyn 25a . olivier have a cigarette . milton I do not smoke . if he notice the " olivier " name he do not show it . olivier look mildly put out . my week with marilyn 26 . olivier milton - Marilyn and rehearsals . let 's talk . milton sure . and the studio want a new title . olivier escort milton away . miller and marilyn be now be photograph on they own . roger move over to jacob and murmur discreetly in he ear . jacob nod and move in to end the session . jacob the boy at the gate be get restless . miller let 's give they two minute and then we be do . roger wave to the policemen , who open the gate . the PRESS come pour in like a mob of revolutionary storming the bastille . CUT to : 43 ext . parkside house . front door . day . 43 colin notice Marilyn grip Miller 's hand tightly as the flashbulb pop all around she . a moment later he be surprised to find vivien at he elbow . vivien marvellous , be not she ? I suppose you be quite smitten . colin look at she shrewdly , sense he be be test . colin she 's all right . a bit common . vivien ( laugh ) Larry fall desperately in love with she in New York . he 's determine to seduce she . colin but she 's only be marry three week . vivien oh , Colin , I think you be a man of the world . she give he a arch smile and lean in intimately . my week with marilyn 27 . vivien ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) of course , Larry would never leave I . ( pause ) but , if anything be to happen , you would let I know , would not you ? colin I be sure he love you very much . there be a flash of sudden anger in she expression . vivien oh , do not be such a boy ! colin look shake and she touch he hand in contrition . vivien ( cont 'd ) at least you still adore I , do not you ? colin of course . everyone do . there be a wintry bleakness in she face for a second . vivien I be 43 , darling . no one will love I for much longer . not even you . he go to protest but she still he with a finger to he lip , she smile quickly restore . CUT to : 44 ext . dog and duck pub . day . 44 the Dog and duck be a rundown pub in a out of the way lane near the studio . it be a rough , local place utterly devoid of glamour or comfort . colin stand outside , stare at it grimly , he bag in he hand . CUT to : 44a int . dog &amp ; duck pub . day 44a a few hard - core local stand nursing they pint at the bar . one be idly throw dart . the wallpaper be fade yellow with cigarette smoke , stale sandwich curl in a display case . colin look around , he heart sink . barry , the landlord look he up and down , disparagingly . colin Colin Clark . I book a room . barry take a dusty ledger from beneath the bar , spin it around for colin to sign . barry what bring you up this way ? my week with marilyn 27a . colin can not help look a little pleased with himself . colin I be here work on a film . the local look up from they pint , unimpress . barry what film 's that ? colin it 's call ` the sleep Prince ' . the dart player , andy , do not turn . his aim remain steady . andy sound lousy . barry ignore , Andy - not a film fan - be you , Andy ? andy do not look away from he game . andy can not be bother . colin try to impress . colin Marilyn Monroe 's in it . I will be work with she . barry oh , will you now ? the regular grin unkindly into they pint . andy do not look away from he game , as he offer laconically : andy the Queen and Prince Philip pop in for a pint earlier . pity , you just miss they . there be supportive snort of derision from the local . colin take it on the chin . barry hand he a key . barry the room 's three quid a week , first week in advance . you be in number two . colin take the key and he bag , just as barry add , with perfect deadpan timing : barry ( cont 'd ) you will be share with Grace Kelly . the local laugh into they beer . colin smile gamely . my week with marilyn 27b . 45 int . dog and duck pub . colin' room . day . 45 colin stand aghast . he be stay in a grim little room above the noisy saloon bar . the wallpaper be peel , the furniture be ancient and the whole place reek of damp . dirty net curtain flutter in the window . he put he bag on the bed and sit down . the mattress sag pitifully . he look down and find a stain and yellowing chamber pot under the bed . he slide it back with a look of revulsion . CUT to : my week with marilyn 28 . 46 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 46 the principal cast of the sleep Prince , as it be still know at the time , assemble on the sound stage amongst the half - finish set . they chat and smoke , they script in they hand . olivier stand in they midst , very much first amongst equal . one chair sit conspicuously unoccupy . dame sybil thorndike ( 74 ) , severe - look but kindly , very much the grand dame of the gather , smile cheerfully . richard wattis lean over to she with a cheerful grin . wattis what a wonderful adventure , Dame sybil . sybil thorndike such a lark ! I long to see she . colin stand by the door . olivier look at he watch and shoot he a question glance . CUT to : 47 int . pinewood studio . corridor / dressing room . day . 47 colin hurry along the corridor and stop outside Marilyn 's dress room . he knock on it politely . colin miss Monroe ? the door open sharply and a small , bohemian look woman in she 5as stand stare at he . this be paula strasberg . colin ( cont 'd ) Sir laurence send he compliment . he 's ready for the readthrough he glance beyond paula to where marilyn sit by the mirror , she reflection frame in the light . she wear little or no make - up . paula look at he sharply . paula but Marilyn be not ready . she 's prepare . marilyn glance up at colin in the mirror and smile with unexpected simplicity . marilyn Excuse the horrible face . she find she dark glass on the dresser and put they on . CUT to : my week with marilyn 29 . 48 int . pinewood studio . corridor . day . 48 colin lead marilyn and paula to the rehearsal room . he sneak a glance at she . she have a vulnerable , lose expression . colin can not help stare at she until he notice paula look at he and quickly glance away . CUT to : 49 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 49 the cast be all seat around the large table as colin lead marilyn and paula onto the stage . Marilyn keep she dark glass on throughout . olivier rise to greet she . olivier Marilyn , here you be , everyone be so excited to meet you ... he gesture to the company . olivier ( cont 'd ) let we begin . do sit down , please ... sybil thorndike look sweetly at marilyn from across the table and indicate the empty one at she side . sybil thorndike how lovely you be . here , I keep a place for you . paula burst forward , steering Marilyn away instead to a empty seat on the other side of the rectangle of table . she look at richard wattis , the actor occupy the seat next to the empty one . paula I have to be next to Marilyn ! the startle wattis get up graciously and troops all the way around the table to the seat next to sybil thorndike . sybil thorndike ( to marilyn ) do not worry , dear , we will not bite . paula look at she in truculent apology . paula she like I by she side . sybil thorndike what a good idea ! I wish we could all bring a friend . one do get so terribly nervous . it 's just like the first day at school , be not it ? my week with marilyn 30 . she smile kindly at marilyn who smile back tentatively from behind she dark glass . he smile with considerable charm as he make he open speech of welcome . olivier welcome dear Marilyn , to we little fraternity . ( pause , look around ) we may seem a little strange and quaint to you at first , but I hope that in time you may come to find you method in we madness . please with he over - contrive rhetorical flourish , he give Paula a point look . she glower back , obscurely sense that she have be insulted in some way . marilyn also look up in confusion at olivier 's well intentioned but clumsy joke . oblivious to she reaction , he open he script with a sentimental flourish . olivier ( cont 'd ) so . my very noble and approv would good master , let we now embark on we great voyage of discovery together . ( pause ) with boldness and ( we pray ) good fortune , may we strive to create a work of art that , lead by you good grace , will be cherish as long as motion picture may be remember . he be momentarily close to tear . wattis roll he eye discreetly , earning a grin from the actor paul hardwick . there be a rustle of page and a few cough , a mood of eager nervousness in the air as they all prepare for the read . CUT to : 50 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 50 page 10 . paula turn the page of marilyn 's script for she , as though help a child to read . olivier be in full flow , employ a heavy mittel european accent . my week with marilyn 31 . olivier ( as regent ) " be you surprised to get my invitation ? " marilyn stare at he for a beat then read haltingly . marilyn ( as elsie ) " I will say I be surprised . I be so surprised I could not hardly think you mean I . " olivier ( as regent ) " oh but of course I mean you . I have you name most carefully mark down on my programme . in matter of this kind I assure you I be most methodical . who do you think I mean if not you ? " marilyn drop out of character with a sweet , nervous smile . marilyn gee , mister Sir , I could listen to you accent all day . there be private grin amongst the actor . olivier smile kindly . olivier you be amongst friend , my darling angel . just plain Larry will suffice . ( pause ) when you be ready ..? fluster , marilyn look at she script . marilyn ( as elsie ) " well , maisie Springfield ... olivier ( as regent ) " oh , no , no , no not maisie Springfield , she 's quite what I would call old hat ... paula lean across , mount a whisper run commentary in Marilyn 's ear as olivier speak . paula remember why you be in the embassy , Marilyn . what do the Grand Duke want from elsie ? she think there be go to be a lot of people here and it 's just she . olivier wait patiently . olivier it 's you line , Marilyn . my week with marilyn 31a . marilyn oh , let 's see ... " oh , and be I what you would call new hat ? " my week with marilyn 32 . olivier try to continue but be yet again bring up short by paula 's passionate whisper . paula locate the experience , Marilyn . look for the memory that help you . remember when you go to that party at chaplin 's house and you be the only guest ? how do that make you feel ? this time olivier stare at paula . olivier it be only a readthrough , Paula . paula Marilyn have to begin find the character . olivier the character be on the page . paula the word , maybe . not the character . richard wattis whisper to paul hardwick . wattis she 's half cut ! dame sybil thorndike frown with regal disapproval and smile warmly at marilyn . sybil thorndike be not we go to have fun ? 51 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 51 the readthrough over , olivier rail quietly at milton while colin clear up the tea cup and plate use by the actor . olivier we can not have two fuck director ! milton Marilyn want Paula . olivier why ? she 's get I ! milton Paula be cost we two and half thousand buck a week . we might as well use she . ( pause ) listen Larry , accept Marilyn on she own term and you will be okay . ( more ) my week with marilyn 32a . milton ( cont 'd ) try to change she and she will drive you crazy . trust I . my week with marilyn 33 . olivier stalk away . colin take a chance and follow he . olivier dear Christ , what have I get myself into ? CUT to : 52 int . pinewood studio . wardrobe dept . day . 52 colin follow lucy the wardrobe girl down a rack of clothes . he be charming , glib and persistent . colin come out with I tonight . lucy I be work . colin tomorrow night , then . lucy I be wash my hair . colin you hair 's lovely . she stop to look at he , attract but cautious . lucy look , I have two rule . one , never touch the talent ... colin everyone have a lot of rule around here . lucy ... and two , never go out with third . colin why not ? lucy because they be all randy little bugger who just want some fun during shoot . colin I be not like that . she look at he sceptically . colin ( cont 'd ) really . my week with marilyn 34 . lucy ( sigh ) I be free on Saturday . orton ( off ) Colin ! colin duck into a rack of clothes , make a face at Lucy . she can not help smile back . CUT to : 53 ext . pinewood studio . gate . day . 53 first light over pinewood studios . although it be August it be chilly so early in the morning . colin stand by the gate wear only he thin summer jacket . he blow on he hand to keep warm . a black car appear . the window wind down and dame sybil thorndike pop she head out . sybil thorndike how kind of you to meet we . dear I , you do look cold . colin they be ready for you in make - up Dame sybil . sybil thorndike how exciting ! do not you love the first day of a new production ? colin I do not know , Dame sybil . I have never have one before . dame sybil gaze at he with wistful sadness . sybil thorndike oh , to be young again ! she blow he a kiss and the car roll in through the gate . almost immediately olivier 's chauffeur drive bentley appear . olivier Marilyn here yet ? colin not yet . CUT to : 54 ext . pinewood studio . gate . day . 54 colin look anxiously down the empty road . david orton stride towards he angrily . my week with marilyn 35 . orton what the fuck 's go on ? I think you have a contact in she house . colin I do ... orton well bloody use he , then . CUT to : 55 ext . parkside house . front door . day . 55 roger greet colin on the doorstep with a grin . roger she have not come down yet . neither have Miller . they be play train . colin stare at he blankly . CUT to : 56 int . parkside house . drawing room / production 56 office . day . colin , roger and milton sit in silence , studiously avoid each other 's eye . somewhere upstairs bed spring creek under the pressure of enthusiastic love-make . the phone ring . milton nod to colin to pick it up . colin be glad of the distraction . we hear orton 's irate tone on the end of the line . orton ( on phone ) well ? what 's happen ? colin glance upstairs as he try to think what to say . colin she 's ... get into character . CUT to : 57 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 57 Dame sybil stand alone . 58 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 58 richard wattis , rosamund greenwood ( maud ) and two footman in full costume , sweat under the hot light . my week with marilyn 36 . olivier prowl the set smoking impatiently . colin be at he side with david orton . olivier she 's keep Dame sybil thorndike wait in full costume for two hour . it 's simply not fair . the door finally open and marilyn emerge , with paula on one side and milton on the other . in she figure- hugging shimmer white sheath of a dress she be ravishingly beautiful . her hair be like a halo of light around she head . no one can take they eye off she . slowly , all work on the set stop . marilyn walk to the set , acutely aware of the scrutiny of the crew . she smile nervously , then suddenly hesitates , feel the weight of everyone 's attention . anxiety flit across she face . she whisper something to paula and bolt back towards she dress room . olivier stare after she in shock . olivier ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? paula she be not happy with she make - up . olivier loosen he collar irritably and glance at orton . olivier right , Mr. orton you want I to check the back projection . please join we , Mr. cardiff . he stalk away , follow by cardiff and orton . CUT to : 59 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 59 colin see sybil thorndike stand on set . she beam at he cheerfully . sybil thorndike be not she pretty though ? colin would you like to sit down , Dame sybil ? sybil thorndike how kind of you , Colin . yes , why do not we all sit down ? Colin see she chair by the camera and go innocently to fetch it . but as he pick it up he be confront by a stern look crew member in overall . my week with marilyn 37 . trevor be you a member of nattke ? colin what ? trevor that chair be a prop . props be nattke . if act member be go to do nattke job , I be call my man out . every eye be suddenly on Colin . take he shock for stubbornness trevor turn to the set and bellow . trevor ( cont 'd ) Strike meeting ! half the crew immediately down tool . colin look on in horror . sybil thorndike frown in reproach . sybil thorndike I be sure we be all good union member here . there 's no need to fall out over something so trivial . trevor it might be trivial to you , Dame sybil , but it 's my livelihood . he 's not in the union . ( pause , to Colin ) put the chair down . colin stare at he , freeze . trevor ( cont 'd ) put the chair down now ! colin drop it as though it be on fire . it clatter to the stage . sybil thorndike bear down on trevor majestically . sybil thorndike I rather think you have make you point . solidarity be the important thing here . when union fall out , it 's only management that benefit . trevor pause , not at all sure about this , but then shrug magnanimously . trevor ( to colin ) if I see you do a nattke job again I will close this set down quick than you can blink . he turn to one of he man . trevor ( cont 'd ) Dave , Dame sybil need a chair . my week with marilyn 37a . dave pick up the same chair , move it approximately six inch and place it behind sybil thorndike , who finally sit down , she sunny good humour instantly restore . sybil thorndike I be on the picket line in 1926 , you know . ( more ) my week with marilyn 38 . sybil thorndike ( cont would ) now that be a strike . we be all bolsheviks then ! she smile nostalgically as orton appear to hustle colin away , mutter furiously . orton do not they teach you anything at eton ? now fuck off and see if you can get I a bacon sandwich without start World War III . CUT to : 60 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 60 marilyn be at last on set and ready to shoot . sybil thorndike , as the Queen dowager , wait behind a door . olivier be in front of the camera with marilyn , who flutter she hand nervously in a odd calming gesture . paula mutter a last few word in she ear , read she line to she from she small brown notebook . colin watch intently . a bell ring and the red light go on . the camera operator , deny , roll the camera . deny camera run . orton very quiet , everyone ... deny speed . the clapper loader click the clapperboard . clapperboy twenty two , take one . orton action ! olivier ( as regent ) " now , before you meet my mother - in - law I must warn you she be a little vague and can be very deaf ... on occasion . " sybil thorndike sweep through the door right on cue , with maud , she lady - in-wait , follow . she be effortlessly in command of she line . sybil thorndike ( as queen dowager ) " my dear , such boredom ! the decoration hideous , and the music ... catastrophe ! we friend , the ex - King of moravia drive I home . ( more ) my week with marilyn 39 . sybil thorndike ( as queen dowager ) ( cont 'd ) he be now call the Duke of strelitz , he cannot of course go to the Abbey tomorrow , but he be most anxious you should invite he to the room you have take in the ritz for nicky . maud ? rosamund greenwood ( as maud ) " yes , ma'am ... " sybil thorndike ( as queen dowager ) " oh there you be my dear , I do not see you , give I a glass of that champagne I see over there . olga Bosnia ... " olivier ( as regent ) " might I present miss elsie marina ? " sybil thorndike ( as queen dowager ) " oh yes , my dear , of course I remember you well . " they all look at marilyn ... and nothing happen . marilyn gee . I forget my line . I be sorry . olivier cut . sybil thorndike smile cheerfully . sybil thorndike it 's so easily do , be not it ? I be sure I go wrong somewhere there too . shall we have another go , Larry ? CUT to : 61 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 61 the clapperboard snap . take five . sybil thorndike ( as queen dowager ) " oh yes , my dear , of course I remember you well . " marilyn ( as elsie ) ( halting ) " oh , I be quite sure you do not , you royal ... , oh , I mean , you , uh , Imperial ... you uh ... serene majesty . " it be not clear whether Marilyn 's hesitance be act or not but the other press on gamely . my week with marilyn 40 . sybil thorndike ( as queen dowager ) " what do she say ? " olivier ( as regent ) " she say she be deeply flatter and compliment you on you wonderful memory . " marilyn jump in , shouting she line over the top of he . marilyn ( as elsie ) " I be in the coconut girl at the Avenue . " there be a pause . sybil thorndike hesitates . sybil thorndike do not I have a line somewhere there , dear ? olivier cut . CUT to : 62 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 62 the clapperboard snap shut again . take twelve . orton action ! sybil thorndike ( as queen dowager ) " thank you , my dear . ( pause ) sweetly pretty . she should use more mascara . when one be young one should use a lot of mascara , and when one be old one should use much more . what do you do , my dear ? " marilyn ( as elsie ) " I be in the coconut girl at the Avenue " . sybil thorndike ( as queen dowager ) ( to olivier ) " dear ? " olivier ( as regent ) " she say she be a actress . " marilyn look at he , hesitant but just about in character . olivier glance at orton who nod . olivier ( cont 'd ) cut it there . orton check the gate . my week with marilyn 41 . focus puller ( after a second ) Gate 's good . olivier print . there be a near-audible sigh of relief around the set . sybil thorndike smile . sybil thorndike that be perfect , Marilyn . you be elsie to the life ! marilyn smile awkwardly , not really believe she but sybil carry on with complete conviction . sybil thorndike ( cont would ) perhaps we could practise we line together later ? you would be do I such a kindness . at my great age it 's just so hard to make they stick ! why do not you come for tea tomorrow ? in fact sybil be word perfect every time , and everyone know it . but it be a kind and tactful gesture . marilyn 's face light up . marilyn can I ? 62a int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 62 a olivier look at colin in dismay . olivier she 's impossible . I should have cast vivien . colin if anyone can make she great , it 's you . you be a genius . olivier oh , yes . the world 's great live actor , so they say . olivier look at he , want to be reassure . he fumble for a cigarette with shaking finger and colin hurry to light it . he smile wryly . olivier ( cont 'd ) let 's hope I be as brilliant as you think I be . ( pause ) now be a good boy and keep a eye on she . CUT to : my week with marilyn 42 . 63 int . pinewood . dressing room / corridor . day . 63 marilyn and paula be head for the dress room . marilyn look tired and disconnect . colin be just behind they on another errand . he can not help overhear Paula 's insistent , honey tone as she respond to marily n 's uncertainty . marilyn I just can not figure this movie out . paula you be wonderful . you be the most gift actress I have ever know . you be superb , Marilyn . you be divine . marilyn he be angry with I , I could tell . paula you be great . you be a great , great actress . all my life I have pray for a great actress I could help and guide . she stop abruptly and get down on she knee in the corridor in front of Marilyn . colin stop awkwardly , he path block . paula ( cont 'd ) like this . I pray to God on my knee . and he have give I you . you be that great actress , Marilyn . marilyn come on , Paula , get up . paula not until you admit you be great . marilyn smile , she mood slowly lighten . marilyn oh , okay . I guess I be . colin glance at she , see he chance to help . colin you really be very good , miss Monroe . marilyn smile vaguely . paula give he a fierce look - colin move past quickly . CUT to : my week with marilyn 43 . 64 int . cafe do paris . london . night . 64 the mood in the Club be cosmopolitan , lively but elegant . row of small table be arrange around the stage , a few young couple be dance to a jazz trio play a exuberant , upbeat number . the music come to a end and the couple return to they table , colin and lucy among they . there be champagne on the table , colin pour they both a glass . lucy be you sure you can afford all this ? colin oh , it 's all right . lucy it must be cost a week 's wage . colin it 's worth it . lucy can not help be charme . lucy you be not the average third , be you ? most of they would be happy with a swift half and a grope in the pub car park . colin I be not live off my parent , if that 's what you mean . I want to make my own way , no matter what . lucy by make eye at vivien leigh ? colin who tell you that ? lucy Word get around . colin vivien 's a friend of my father 's . lucy so there 's nothing in it ? you and vivien ? he smile mysteriously and lean in to kiss she . she avoid he coolly . lucy ( cont 'd ) I be not that easy . the waiter approach with a bill on a silver salver and offer he a pen . my week with marilyn 43a . waiter you will be signing on you father 's account , sir ? colin blushes violently . colin certainly not . I settle my own bill . the waiter nod discreetly and leave . lucy look at colin with a teasing smile . colin I be always go to pay , you know . lucy of course you be . he look at she , but there be no hint of mockery in she smile and he be grateful . lucy do you think Marilyn be beautiful ? colin not compare to you . lucy laugh , colin look hurt . lucy you do not have to try so hard to be charming . you be nice enough as it be . well , you could be . my week with marilyn 44 . she touch he hand and take a drag from he cigarette as he refill she glass . lucy ( cont 'd ) you know Marilyn 's really still in love with Joe dimaggio ? colin so they say . lucy she marry Miller on the rebound . the papers be call they " the hourglass and the egghead " . colin which one be which ? she burst out laugh . her eye sparkle and she look captivate in the glisten light . he go to kiss she and this time she do not stop he . CUT to : 65 ext . lucy house . suburb . night . 65 Colin 's bristol be draw up in a quiet suburban road line with pleasant semi-detach house . Lucy 's house have a neat patch of front lawn , a stolid family car in the drive and net curtain in the window . it be very little different from any of its neighbour . CUT to : 65a int . lucy house . parlour . night . 65 a colin and lucy be kissing in the small " best " parlour at the front of the house . it be spotlessly neat and clean . colin touch Lucy 's breast and then open the button of she blouse . she put she hand on he , stop he . my week with marilyn 45 . lucy wait a while , crocodile . colin I really do like you , Lucy . she look at he shrewdly . lucy maybe . she hear heavy footstep in the bedroom above . lucy ( cont 'd ) that 's my dad . she give Colin a swift peck on the cheek as she tidy herself . a moment later the door open and Lucy 's father , mr . armstrong come in , wear he dress gown over pyjamas . he glance at colin with a suspicious smile as he look at he daughter . mr. armstrong time to be think about bed , darling . early start tomorrow . lucy sorry , daddy . we be just go over tomorrow 's schedule . colin and lucy share a small , private smile . he take he cue and stand up . colin yes , I should be off . Colin Clark . please to meet you , Mr. armstrong . he offer the surprised mr . armstrong a confident handshake . colin ( cont 'd ) this be a very nice house you have get . mr. armstrong do you know this part of the world ? colin ( thrown ) umm ... not really . my family be more country people . lose for word they stare at each other for another moment before mr . armstrong smile vaguely then go . lucy follow he with a smile at colin . he grin and whisper . colin ( cont 'd ) next Saturday ? she nod . he follow she out into the hall . CUT to : my week with marilyn 46 . 65b ext . lucy house . suburb . night . 65 B as he walk down the path , colin pause . he look around at the uniform semi-detach house all around he . he be uncomfortable here , so far from the glamorous world of he parent or pinewood studio . he have a strong sense that he and Lucy be from very different world , and walk to he car with a uneasy sense of relief to be get away . CUT to : 66 ext . pinewood studio . gate . day . 66 colin be back on the early morning watch . a black car draw up and sybil thorndike lean out . sybil thorndike Colin , dear , I think you look cold so I buy you this . she hand he a bright red woollen scarf . colin be touch . colin thank you , Dame sybil . sybil thorndike Film set and rehearsal room be the coldest place on earth . he smile as she car drive away . he wrap the scarf around he neck and look up and down the road again . CUT to : 67 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 67 the crew stand around in sullen discontent . olivier pace back and forth with milton at he side . olivier she should be on time , like everyone else . milton she be a star . olivier I be a fuck star ! he look around in frustration . olivier ( cont 'd ) if we nip this behaviour in the bud perhaps it will not be repeat . milton this be Marilyn you be talk about . my week with marilyn 47 . olivier scowl at colin , who give he a cigarette . marilyn finally emerge with paula at she elbow . olivier advance on she , he anger simmer . olivier Marilyn , darling you be a angel , and I kiss the hem of you garment , but why can not you get here on time for the love of fuck ? marilyn oh ... you have that word in England too ? she look at he in surprise . she look sedate , not quite there . paula leap protectively to she defence . paula Marilyn have to prepare properly . she have to find in herself all that lie under the surface . acting be not just a case of put on a costume or some ludicrous false nose . olivier give she a freezing look then take marily n 's hand , lead she forward like a child . olivier you must apologise to Dame sybil . marilyn redden with humiliation as he take she arm . CUT to : 68 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 68 olivier propel marilyn towards sybil thorndike . marilyn redden with humiliation . marilyn I be sorry ... sybil thorndike ( cut she off ) my dear , you must not concern yourself . a great actress like you have many other thing on she mind . a radiant smile spread slowly across Marilyn 's face as the older woman 's word sink in . marilyn you think I be a great actress ? my week with marilyn 48 . sybil thorndike none of the rest of we truly know how to act for the camera . but you do . it be a rare gift . she look sharply at olivier . sybil thorndike ( cont would ) this poor girl have not have you year of experience . she be in a strange country , act a strange part . now , be you help or bully ? olivier look aghast at be so roundly rebuke . colin look on , startle . CUT to : 69 int . pinewood studio . viewing theatre . day . 69 olivier , milton , perceval , orton and the editor jack harris watch rush . colin lurk about unnotice at the back . they watch one of olivier 's speech ( from the " the coconut girl " sequence we see filming in scene 61 and 62 ) . he be dry and clipped , every take precise and professional . it be a effective but theatrical performance . marilyn sneak in with arthur miller . they sit in the back row watch she performance from the same scene . she fluff take after take , get she word wrong and pause , look daze . colin notice she clutching miller 's hand tightly . but finally a good take come up . she be charming and natural and she performance suddenly make olivier 's look stiff and clumsy . miller smile in relief and reassurance . miller that one 's pretty damn good . you knock it out of the park . marilyn glow at he praise . milton when Marilyn get it right you just do not want to look at anyone else . olivier frown . for all he greatness as a actor he will never be a film star like the maddeningly instinctive Marilyn . and the injustice of it be like a stab through he heart . at the back colin only have eye for the screen . he watch marilyn 's image , enthralled . until now he have take Marilyn entirely at olivier 's valuation , but as he watch she on screen he begin to see thing differently . my week with marilyn 49 . he sneak a look at she in real life . she be hold miller 's hand tightly , look tense and vulnerable as one disastrous take follow another . CUT to : 70 int . pinewood studio . corridor . day . 70 colin come out of the view theatre behind olivier and milton . olivier we have only be shoot for four day and we be already two week behind . colin can not resist blurt out a comment . colin why not only show she the good take ? then she might feel better about herself . he look self - conscious as they both turn to stare at he . milton the kid 's right . she could use the confidence . olivier I believe it 's traditional for the producer of the film to watch rush . besides , she 's a experience actress . she should learn from she mistake . colin they just upset she . olivier not half as much as they upset I . CUT to : 71 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 71 colin hurry across the stage , carry a fresh carton of " olivier " . orton stop he . orton I will do that . you go and find Marilyn 's script . she think she leave it in she dress room . CUT to : my week with marilyn 50 . 72 int . pinewood studio . marilyn' dressing room . 72 day . colin burst into the dress room without knock . clothes be strewn carelessly all over the floor . there be pill bottle , full and empty , on every surface , along with empty bottle of champagne and bunch of flower . colin rummages around on the table , move pile of script and book . no luck . he walk casually through the half - open door into the inner chamber . and stop dead in he track . marilyn stand by a chair , a towel wrap around she head . she be completely naked . she look at he in astonishment . he stare back , equally astound . he see she script , heavily cover in handwritten note , lie on the table next to a open bottle of champagne and a bottle of pill . colin you script ... marilyn I find it . calmly she take the towel from she hair and wrap it around herself . she smile quizzically . marilyn ( cont 'd ) you can go now , Colin . he hesitates a beat , surprised that she know he name , before he fumble for the door . CUT to : 73 int . pinewood studio . marilyn' dressing 73 room / corridor . day . colin slam the door , aghast . CUT to : 74 int . pinewood studio . wardrobe dept . day . 74 colin and lucy be bury in the clothes rack kissing passionately . they surface for air . colin David want to know if you be ready for the extras in the ballroom scene . my week with marilyn 51 . lucy tell he he can start send they up . woman first . they kiss again . he pull away . lucy ( cont 'd ) I be look forward to Saturday . he look at she uncertainly . lucy ( cont 'd ) we date ? colin ( awkward ) I forget . I can not do Saturday . Marilyn want to go shopping . lucy since when do you work for she ? colin Larry ask I to help out . she smile sardonically , teasing he , but a little hurt . lucy well , of course you must do what Larry say . colin next Friday instead ? she shrug in agreement . colin ( cont 'd ) I will pick you up . eight o'clock . he smile , a little too glibly , and hurry away . lucy gaze after he . he do not look back . CUT to : 75 int . london . marilyn' car . day . 75 colin sit in the front with roger drive . marilyn , arthur miller and milton greene sit in the back . CUT to : 76 ext . london . bond STREET . day . 76 it be very quiet in the normally busy West end . shop have begin shutting after lunch and the city be rapidly empty . shopper wander past , take little notice of marilyn who have she hair cover in a scarf and wear dark glass . miller walk at she side , hold she hand . she glance at milton with a awkward laugh . my week with marilyn 52 . marilyn gee , it 's quiet . colin it 's Saturday . early close . but they be expect we . she stop to window shop . milton lower he voice to colin . milton no one 's recognise she . colin at least she can shop in peace . milton Marilyn 's a star . star do not even pee alone . he look around anxiously . but then a passer - by suddenly narrow he eye and take a second look . his face light up and he shout - passer - by it 's Marilyn Monroe ! marilyn give he a radiant smile and within second be surround by a crowd of shopper alert by the fuss . a feverish excitement grow out of nothing as people come run to look , push and shove to see . marilyn be quickly hemmed in by the heaving mob . to begin with she enjoy it , smile and pose happily for the camera that appear out of nowhere . but as the crowd press towards something in the mood of the gather change ; it become wild and over - excited mood as people scream Marilyn 's name and shove bit of paper to sign in she face . a woman be push to the ground and marilyn be force back against the shop window . colin see a flicker of panic on she face . roger my God , she will be tear apart ... miller get she out of here . colin and roger hurl themselves into the crowd do what they can to keep the excited fan at bay . they manage to force a path to the car , drag the door open and bundle marilyn and miller into the back . marilyn be pin against the door and colin have to put he arm around she shoulder as he help she in . he hurl himself into the front , with milton run alongside the move car to dive in beside Marilyn . people run alongside , hammer wildly on the window in violent hysteria . milton do he best to put a cheerful gloss on the chaos . my week with marilyn 53 . milton jeez , Marilyn , they really fuck love you . as colin look in the rear-view mirror he see miller shaking he head in daze horror as marilyn slump half - collapse into the seat beside he . miller madness . someone 's go to get hurt . colin shift he gaze to she in the mirror and he eye meet marily n's . he see - or imagine - a terrible sadness before she quickly replace she dark glass . CUT to : 77 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 77 colin stand silently by the camera , watch marilyn and richard wattis , in character as elsie marina and northbrook , open the door of the Grand Duke 's draw room . marilyn ( as elsie ) " well we be still the first one , be not we ? gee , this be all right , be not it ? olivier look out from behind the camera , patient and charming . olivier cut . the line be " gee , this be all right too , be not it " . it 's a tiny word , my darling , but it matter . let 's go straight away . marilyn smile vaguely . hair and make - up rush to do last minute check . deny camera run . soundman speed . deny Mark it . the clapperboard clatter down . take two . wattis and marilyn come in again on they cue . marilyn ( as elsie ) " well we be still the first one , be not we ? gee , this be all right , be not it ? " my week with marilyn 54 . olivier cut. nearly there , but Terry do work so very hard on this and we must try to get it right for he . straight away , please . take three . marilyn ( as elsie ) " well , we be still the first one , be not we ? gee , this be ... all right , be not it ? " by now there be a panic-stricken edge to she voice . olivier cut . marilyn can not we just drop it ? olivier the point be that you have already admire the downstairs hall in a earlier scene . now you be admire this room as well . marilyn oh , sure . ( pause , she look stricken ) Paula ! olivier look startle . paula come scurrying across . marilyn appeal to she , turn away from olivier . marilyn ( cont 'd ) I do not get it . he 's such a strange man . I think she would figure out he only invite she to sleep with she . paula ( to olivier ) the reason Marilyn can not remember the line be because she do not believe the situation she character be in . olivier take out all he pent - up frustration on paula . olivier then she should pretend to believe it . paula bristle at this insult to she husband 's work . paula pretend ? we be talk about the difference between the truth and artificial crap . my week with marilyn 54a . olivier we be in absolute agreement , Paula . acting be all about sincerity . and if you can fake that , you be off to the race . paula only stare at he in disgust . thoroughly alarmed , milton intervene . my week with marilyn 55 . milton maybe we should try for another take . paula Marilyn need time to give a great performance . you should give she as long as it take . chaplin take eight month to make a movie . olivier eight month of this ? I would rather kill myself . throughout all this marilyn herself look lose . colin watch she as she feel the crew 's irritable collective gaze . fluster , she flutter she hand in a calming gesture , then go to the side of the set to lean on a bar put there for she to rest on ( she costume be too tight to allow she to sit down ) . paula accompany she . marilyn look up at she in anguish . marilyn I can not do this . I can not . paula look at she adamantly . paula you can do it . you can not fail . you will have more pain , you will suffer more but you will create . all you need be time . marilyn look at she , desperately want to believe it . paula ( cont 'd ) remember , Marilyn , a tree be never just a tree . what kind of tree be elsie ? a elm tree ? a birch tree ? olivier ( under he breath to colin ) God know , but I be a weep fuck willow . paula ( to marilyn ) think about the thing you like , instead of he . Frank Sinatra . coca cola . be specific . the character come alive if you know what you be do . marilyn listen intently , a frown flitting across she face . she go back to she mark . the whole crew be on tenterhook . camera run , speed , mark it ... action ! take four . my week with marilyn 56 . marilyn ( as elsie ) " well we be still the first one , be not we ? gee , this be all right , be not it ? " olivier cut . a look of near- panic creep into marily n 's eye at she inability to remember the line . CUT to : 78 deleted 78 79 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 79 the clapperboard snap one final time . take twenty three . marilyn 's smile be a grimace of terror . colin can hardly bear to look . everyone hold they breath . marilyn ( as elsie ) " well we be still the first one , be not we ? ( pause ) gee , this be all right too , be not it ? " there be a stunne moment . wattis gape and marilyn look around uncertainly . do she say it ? olivier gesture frantically from behind the camera that she should carry on . she hesitates ... ... there be a agonise beat ... ... and then she panic and bolt for the side of the set . marilyn ( cont 'd ) Paula ! olivier cut . what 's the matter now ? he take she arm and whisk she away to the side of the set , lowering he voice , try to conceal he exasperation with a honey tone . olivier ( cont 'd ) forgive I , Marilyn . this be my failure , not yours . tell I how I can help you . marilyn I do not know who elsie be . I can not act she if I do not know who she be ! my week with marilyn 57 . olivier elsie be all in the script marilyn I can not find she . she 's not there . olivier but you have she precisely , you know she inside out . I be in awe of you gift . we all be . marilyn she 's not real . olivier why not simply rely on you natural talent ? marilyn be you say I do not need to act ? olivier be bewilder by she inability to appreciate she own natural talent - as he see it . he look at she in genuine anguish . olivier Marilyn , you be the most attractive woman in the world . I be simply suggest you be yourself . marilyn ( shout ) I do not want to be myself ! ( pause ) I want to be a actress play a character . olivier ( try to be helpful ) all you have to do , dear Marilyn , be be sexy . be not that what you do ? marilyn flinch as though slap . tension ripple through the set . colin watch in dismay . marilyn I want Lee . olivier you have already get Paula , for heaven 's sake . I be the director . speak to I . paula I be only Lee 's representative . olivier it 's five in the morning in New York . my week with marilyn 57a . marilyn I want lee ! my week with marilyn 58 . her furious scream bring all activity to a halt . she storm off the set with paula follow . the atmosphere be awful . 80 int . pinewood studio . olivier dressing room . 80 day . olivier sit brood savagely in front of he make - up mirror with milton greene . colin unobtrusively fetch whisky and cigarettes for they both as olivier abruptly boom out to himself . olivier " o , now , for ever farewell the tranquil mind / farewell content / farewell the plume troop and the big war / that make ambition virtue o , farewell / farewell ... " ( pause , exasperate ) Paula 's not a actress . she not a director , not a teacher . her only talent be butter up Marilyn . milton it would be worse if she be not around . olivier you know what would make Marilyn Monroe a real actor ? a season in rep . they would not stand for this kind of nonsense at the hippodrome in eastbourne . milton you have to be patient with she . olivier try to teach Marilyn how to act be like teach urdu to a badger . milton give he a look but say nothing . instead he pick up he bag and open it . it be stuff with bottle of pill . he take one of they , check the label and put it in he pocket . milton I better go see she . she will need something to help she calm down . colin hold the door for he as he go out . olivier ( after a second ) pill to sleep , pill to wake up . pill to calm she down , pill to give she energy . no wonder she 's permanently ten foot underwater . my week with marilyn 59 . colin look at he tentatively . colin maybe she 's scared . olivier we be all scared . it 's part of be a actor . colin but you have the training to deal with it . olivier turn from the mirror to survey he . olivier I would not buy the little girl lose act if I be you . though heaven know it 's tempting . he sigh wistfully . olivier ( cont 'd ) and I think Marilyn know exactly what she 's do . colin be not so sure but wisely hold he tongue . olivier ( cont 'd ) you better get over to parkside and make sure the poor girl 's all right . ( pause ) and Colin ? do not forget who you work for . CUT to : 81 ext . parkside house . drive . night . 81 colin draw up outside Marilyn 's house . the place be dark and quiet . CUT to : 82 int . parkside house . drawing room night . 82 roger take two bottle of beer from the well stock drink cabinet and hand one to colin , put a coaster for he on the coffee table . colin look around the opulent draw room . colin be you sure they will not mind ? roger help yourself . they can spare it . ( pause ) marily n 's okay . she 's take some pill and go to bed . he frown darkly . my week with marilyn 60 . roger ( cont 'd ) they like to keep she doped up . it make she easier to control . colin you mean Miller ? roger ( shake he head ) the other . they be terrify they cash cow will slip away . he smile grimly and raise he beer bottle . roger ( cont 'd ) cheer ! CUT to : 83 int . parkside house . drawing room . night . 83 colin wake abruptly from a doze as he empty bottle of beer roll to the floor . roger be fast asleep . colin glance at the clock . it be nearly midnight . CUT to : 84 int . parkside house . upstair hall . night . 84 colin , a little drunk , creep out of the toilet . the narrow strip of light from the door disappear , leave the hall in darkness . colin inch forward uncertainly . he stop , wait for he eye to adjust . the house be totally silent . then , just as he be about to move , he hear something . breathe , very close by . faint but unmistakable . shallow breath , like sigh . colin be paralyse . a beat , then - a door be flung open along the hall and light flood into the corridor . marilyn be sit on the carpet lean against the wall only a few foot away from Colin . she be wrap in a pink bed - cover and stare directly at he , she expression blank and sedate . by she side be a open spiral bound notebook , its page closely cramme with handwrite . miller ( off ) Marilyn . come back to bed . it 's not what you think . my week with marilyn 61 . she stare at colin . it be not even clear she know he be there . colin gaze back at she , paralyse . miller 's voice come again , flat and tired . miller ( cont 'd ) ( off ) it 's just a few idea . writer 's stuff . ( pause ) bring back my book and let 's get some sleep . finally marilyn stir and close the notebook . holding it to she breast and clutching the cover around she shoulder she get up and go into the bedroom , close the door . as the light snap off colin breathes for the first time in what feel like minute . CUT to : 85 ext . pinewood studio . gate . day . 85 colin , muffle in he scarf , look up as Marilyn 's car cruise to a halt at the gate . colin good morning , miss Monroe . she be hunch in the back , she hair in a scarf , she face protect by she large sunglass with paula by she side . she do not look up . CUT to : 86 int . pinewood studio . soundstage . day . 86 olivier , david orton and colin huddle around the camera . jeremy spenser and technician stand around , bored and listless . milton appear . they speak in low , urgent tone . olivier it 's nearly lunch time . milton she be not feel the part . olivier it 's a light comedy . how much feel can it possibly require ? milton give she a few minute ... olivier she can not hide in she bloody dress room all day . milton oh , yes she can . my week with marilyn 62 . olivier look at he angrily . he be close to the end of he tether . olivier ( to colin ) go and find out what the hell 's go on . 87 int . pinewood studio . marilyn' dressing room . 87 day . colin knock softly on the dress room door . paula appear , open it no more than a crack . she look out suspiciously , see it be Colin and turn back into the room . paula it 's Colin . colin wait a moment then paula open the door wider . paula ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) come in . Marilyn want to see you . colin stare at she in surprise . CUT to : 88 int . pinewood studio . marilyn' dressing room . 88 day . colin come in . the dress room be in semi-darkness . paula settles down in the corner . marilyn lie on a sofa , wear a bathrobe , she face in shadow . pill bottle be scattered across the dresser at she elbow . there be a long pause . she sigh softly . marilyn how old be you ? colin 24 . ( pause ) nearly marilyn you remind we of the young king in the movie . kind of honest and innocent . colin ( wounded ) I be not innocent . she turn she head and she beautiful face come fully into the light . marilyn what 's you job on this picture ? my week with marilyn 62a . colin I be the third assistant director . just a gopher really . go for this , go for that ... marilyn you be Larry 's assistant too . he shrug awkwardly . marilyn ( cont 'd ) what be you do in my house last night ? do he send you ? my week with marilyn 63. colin hesitates . it seem pointless to deny it . colin he be worried about you . marilyn be you spying on I ? colin no ! of course not . why would anyone spy on you ? she sigh , and look away . colin ( cont 'd ) be you all right , miss Monroe ? he wait hesitantly , but she seem to have drift off . but then , suddenly , she turn back to he , she eye huge . marilyn Colin ? whose side be you on ? colin stare at she . she look utterly beautiful and vulnerable in the shadowy light . there be only one answer anyone could give . colin your , miss Monroe . she reward he with a brilliant smile , she whole face lighting up . marilyn call I Marilyn . he be suddenly overwhelm by a rush of sympathy . she look so lose and vulnerable . perhaps he mean it . perhaps he be on she side now . CUT to : 89 ext . pinewood studio . day . 89 as colin walk down through the studio he meet richard wattis with paul hardwick , on they way to wardrobe . wattis wink at he . wattis Marilyn 's get a new boyfriend . Larry will get jealous . hardwick you can say that again . he give a camp laugh . colin try to shrug it off with a lightness he do not feel . colin nothing happen . my week with marilyn 63a . wattis you be in there for ten minute at least . plenty of time for a kiss and a cuddle . my week with marilyn 64 . colin Paula be with we the whole time . wattis the mind boggle , dear . colin smile but he expression freeze as he look up to see lucy nearby . she have hear every word of the exchange . CUT to : 90 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 90 marilyn be finally back on the set , filming a solo dance routine . released from the need to remember any word she take refuge in the physical activity , undulate sexily in she tight white dress in a performance which be gawky , mildly silly and charming all at the same time . the dance be deliberately a little amateurish . elsie marina be not mean to be any sort of superstar . but she radiate joy and innocence and sheer happiness in the dance , and marilyn capture all this perfectly . within the scene the actor jeremy spenser , play nicky , watch from the doorway . everyone watch silently from behind the camera . no one can look away , least of all colin . it feel like one purely joyful moment in the agony the film have become , and Marilyn be radiant . even olivier have a reluctant half - smile on he face as he watch . CUT to : 91 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . night . 91 the stage be empty except for olivier and miller . they sit in a pool of light in the cavernous room . colin pour whisky for they and then step back into the shadow . both man ignore he . he be too unimportant to worry about . miller lean forward , hold he pipe but not smoking it . miller I dream last night I could hear sing . and then I realise it be not a dream . there be a male voice choir serenade Marilyn under we window . at two in the morning . it 's a circus . a freak show . olivier smile but miller look daze . miller ( cont 'd ) I be go back to New York for a few day . I need to see my kid . I need a break . my week with marilyn 65 . olivier that will not help Marilyn . miller ( after a moment ) I can not help she . ( pause ) you know what she love to do most ? sleep . it 's what she life for . sleep be she demon . he pause for a second . miller ( cont 'd ) I have disappointed she . olivier look at he . miller shake he head . miller ( cont 'd ) she think I could smash all she insecurity with one magical stroke . that I could make she a new person . he pause for a second , weigh every word carefully . miller ( cont 'd ) she want I to protect she but I can not . I can not even protect myself . ( pause ) she read some note I make . they be nothing . just a few idea . olivier about she ? he look up and nod slowly . miller she take they the wrong way . he leave a long , uneasy pause . olivier but you do love she ? you new bride and all that ? miller play with he whisky . miller I can not work . I can not think . ( pause ) she 's devour I . forgotten in the shadow , colin listen attentively to every word . CUT to : my week with marilyn 66 . 92 ext . pinewood studio . gate . day . 92 early morning . colin see olivier 's black bentley cruise towards the gate . vivien leigh sit in the back seat . vivien hello , Colin darling . you look like Horatio defend the bridge . be you go to let I in ? CUT to : 93 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 93 vivien be do what amount to a royal tour . she greet everyone , from the lowest chippie to the head of Department with the same flirtatious grace . olivier walk at she elbow . the crew crowd around she . she be easy and relaxed , relishing every second of they attention . vivien I hope Larry be not make you all work too hard . I know what a dreadful slave driver he can be . she see orton and take he hand . vivien ( cont 'd ) David , he would be lose without you . orton just do my job . tough as he be , he melt visibly . she move on to jack cardiff , the lighting cameraman , look at he in mock misery . vivien I be get old , Jack . I need you to work you miracle on I . cardiff you be more beautiful every year , vivien . she laugh and turn to colin , look at he severely . vivien now , you be look after Larry like I tell you ? colin I be do my best ... vivien glance away to see marilyn stand nearby , awkward and exclude . she have come straight from make - up and wear only a towell robe , slipper and curler in she hair . my week with marilyn 67 . compare to vivien she look frumpish . vivien glide towards she , hand extend . vivien darling Marilyn ! she kiss she on both cheek and hold she hand . vivien ( cont 'd ) Larry tell I you be quite , quite superb . I be wild with jealousy . marilyn oh , but everyone say you be a wonderful elsie on stage . vivien but I be too old to play she in the film . Larry be quite brutal about that . you see , the truth be all that matter to he . that 's why we all admire he so very much . she glance at olivier with a flutter laugh . he smile back with a haunt look in he eye . vivien ( cont 'd ) now , I must let you work . I only come to wish you good luck ! Goodbye , everyone ! the crew press around she . marilyn watch , feel more than ever the odd one out . colin watch she from the edge of the crowd . she cut a lonely , vulnerable figure . he be totally preoccupy with she , so much so that when vivien come up behind he he turn guiltily as though catch out . vivien stare at he . all she exuberance have vanish and she look suddenly tired and older . it as though the facade of a beautiful building be beginning to crack . she gaze at he with bitter disappointment . vivien ( cont 'd ) oh , Colin . not you too . he want to protest but vivien be already turn away . CUT to : 94 int . pinewood studio . viewing theatre / projection 94 booth . day . colin push open the door to the projection booth . the screen be light up with the rush of the scene in the Prince and the showgirl where a startlingly beautiful marilyn , in gorgeous close - up , eat caviar and drink champagne in a toast to the american President . my week with marilyn 68 . olivier and vivien stand in the shadow of the projector beam . colin freeze in the doorway to the projection booth hold a pile of film can . vivien be cry abjectly . vivien I do not think she would be so beautiful . she ... shine on that screen . olivier you should not upset yourself . you be ten time the actress she will ever be . vivien if you could see yourself . the way you watch she ... olivier there 's never be anything between Marilyn and I . she laugh hysterically . vivien only because she do not want you . olivier you be imagine thing . vivien do you think I be a fool ? you do not think the little tart could resist the great laurence olivier . she look at he venomously , a dangerous , unbalance hatred seethe in she expression . vivien ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) but she see through you , do not she darling ? take away the actor and what 's leave of the man ? you can not even play the husband properly without a script . ( slap he hard across the face . ) I hope she make you life hell ! olivier vivien ..! she storm out . after a beat , colin tentatively enter . olivier look at colin in mute apology . my week with marilyn 69 . olivier ( cont 'd ) she have not be well . there be a baby ... she ... we ... lose it ... colin look down awkwardly . olivier sigh . olivier ( cont 'd ) ( after a pause ) do you have a cigarette , Colin ? colin hurry to offer he one of he " olivier " . olivier grimace wryly . olivier ( cont 'd ) not one of that awful thing . colin find a woodbine in he other pocket and give it to olivier , who light it with a shaking hand . he inhale deeply . olivier ( cont 'd ) vivien 's right ... I do think I would fall shatteringly in love with Marilyn . what a joke . he look at colin , he feeling raw and expose . olivier ( cont 'd ) remember , boy , when it come to woman you be never too old for humiliation . CUT to : 95 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 95 the set be dress and the crew be wait but once again there be no sign of Marilyn . the actor , richard wattis and paul hardwick amongst they , sit apathetically in full costume , while orton stand with he arm fold . technician chat or sit idly . as colin watch , olivier look across at milton who shrug hopelessly . CUT to : 96 int . pinewood studio . olivier dressing 96 room / parkside . day . colin pour whisky for olivier . milton come in . milton Marilyn will not shoot today . she 's go back to parkside . she 's upset about Arthur leave England . olivier he 's only go to visit he child . my week with marilyn 70 . milton you do not leave Marilyn alone . she can not handle it . she think everyone 's go to abandon she . the phone ring . olivier pick with a sudden burst of optimism . olivier perhaps she 's come back . ( into the phone ) yes ? roger ( off ) Sir laurence ? it 's Roger . olivier oh , Roger . what 's up ? roger ( off ) be Colin there , Sir ? he frown and look at colin in bewilderment . olivier yes , he 's here . ( pause ) it 's for you . puzzle , colin take the phone as olivier stare at he . colin Roger ? CUT to parkside , where , to Colin 's astonishment marilyn come on the line ( Roger be not in shot ) . marilyn ( on phone ) Colin , why do not you drop by here on you way home ? CUT back to pinewood - milton recognise Marilyn 's voice instantly . milton what the heck ? olivier why be Marilyn on the phone to my third fuck assistant ? colin look around helplessly . colin yes , I be sure I can do that . CUT to parkside . marilyn smile . my week with marilyn 70a . marilyn ( on phone ) good . do not tell anyone though . she hang up . CUT to pinewood : colin replace the phone in its cradle . milton and olivier stare at he . olivier well ? what do she want ? colin she want to see I . my week with marilyn 71 . he shrug awkwardly . milton look at olivier in panic . milton he should not be talk to she . he 's just a kid . suppose he say something ? ( pause ) why the hell do not she call I ? his angry - and jealous - frustration be in stark contrast to olivier , who look at colin with a new interest , wonder if there be anything in this odd situation that can work to he advantage . he smile calmly . olivier I be sure Colin know what he 's do . do not you , Colin ? there be a warning as well as approval in he tone . CUT to : 97 int . parkside house . drawing room . day . 97 roger lead colin into the formal draw room . roger miss Monroe say for you to wait . she will not be long . he look at colin dubiously as he go out . colin be nervous and not quite sure what to do with himself . he look at the drink in they decanter on the sideboard and be suddenly desperate for some dutch courage . he find the brandy and pick it up - marilyn ( off ) help yourself to a drink . colin wheel in surprise . marilyn stand in the doorway , casually but beautifully dress in silk trousers and a pale cream shirt . colin look guiltily at the brandy . colin I be just ... check you have get everything you need . she walk to the sideboard , stand only a few inch away from he . he can not take he eye from hers . he drop he gaze , only to find himself stare at she breast . he look up again sharply but not before she notice . she take the decanter from he hand . marilyn here , let I . she pour some brandy into a glass and give it to he . marilyn ( cont 'd ) be you frighten of I , Colin ? my week with marilyn 72 . colin no . marilyn good . because I like you . Colin do not know what to say . marilyn gaze at he . marilyn ( cont 'd ) I want you to help I . will you do that ? she look at he , she eye wide . colin feel himself sink into she gaze . colin I be only the third . just a messenger , really . marilyn but you know what 's go on . you can see both side of the situation . he shrug in helpless agreement . marilyn ( cont 'd ) I want you to be honest . tell I everything . she indicate a chair and colin perches on it awkwardly . marilyn ( cont 'd ) relax . I think you be not scared of I . ( pause ) be you hungry ? I will have they send in a tray . I be starve . he do not know how to reply and Marilyn misread he silence . her eye widen in dismay . marilyn ( cont 'd ) oh , gee , I be sorry . be I interrupt something ? maybe you have a Mrs. Colin wait for you at home ? colin there 's no Mrs. Colin . marilyn so we can talk as long as we like ? he nod uncertainly . she frown . marilyn ( cont 'd ) why be Sir olivier so mean ? he talk to I as if he 's slumming . my week with marilyn 73. colin hesitates then decide to throw caution to the wind . colin I will tell you what 's wrong . it 's agony for he because he 's a great actor who want to be a film star , and agony for you because you be a film star who want to be a great actress . and this film will not help either of you . he stop , breathless , know he have go to far . she stare at he , wide - eye with surprise . horribly self - conscious he take a too large swig of he brandy , redden and cough . she laugh . marilyn be you sure you can handle that ? you do not look old enough to drink . colin I be 23 , miss Monroe . marilyn it 's Marilyn . ( pause ) I be 30 . I guess that make I a old lady to you . colin Seven year be nothing . she smile then sit opposite he . marilyn do you know I have be marry three time already ? how do that happen ? colin you be just look for the right man . marilyn they always look right at the start . she smile wistfully . her presence be overwhelming . the silence stretch for a second , pregnant with strange possibility . suddenly the phone ring , make he jump . automatically he pick it up . colin hello ? CUT to : my week with marilyn 74 . 98 int . pinewood studio . production office . day . 98 milton sit at he desk . he lean forward anxiously at the sound of Colin 's voice . milton Colin ? be everything okay ? what do she want ? CUT back to : 99 int . parkside house . drawing room . day . 99 colin look at marilyn and hesitates . colin everything 's fine . miss Monroe just have ... some large package she need handle ... he look at marilyn 's voluptuous figure . marilyn look back innocently and mouth the word " package " . she giggle . he turn crimson with the effort of try to suppress he own laughter but marilyn be not help . she teasingly make shape in the air of just how large the package might be . he cover the phone , agonise , before they both collapse in irrepressible laughter . colin finally pull himself together . colin ( cont 'd ) hello ? milton ? there be a long silence at the other end of the line . CUT to : 100 int . pinewood studio . production office . day . 100 milton turn pale . when he speak again he anger be just barely under control . milton let I speak to she , Colin . CUT back to : 101 int . parkside house . drawing room . day . 101 colin offer the phone to marilyn but she shake she head . colin she 's tie up right now . this only set marilyn off again . she howl with laughter and colin can not help join she . CUT to : my week with marilyn 75 . 102 int . pinewood studio . production office . day . 102 milton stare at the phone in disbelief . milton what 's go on ? Colin ! ( shout ) let I talk to she , damn it ! CUT back to : 103 int . parkside house . drawing room . day . 103 colin look at marilyn but she shake she head between giggle . he turn back to the phone , barely able to get the word out between snort of laughter . colin I be sorry , milton . I have to go . he hang up quickly . they both laugh helplessly . marilyn smile . marilyn let 's walk in the garden . see if we can find any more reporter in the bush . she giggle . colin 's heart contract as she casually take he arm . 104 ext . parkside house . garden . day / dusk . 104 there be a golden glow on the horizon as the sun sink . marilyn , a cardigan around she shoulder , walk along the path . colin be at she side , acutely aware of she physical closeness . marilyn I do not know it be so pretty out here . colin you should get out more . see the sight . marilyn I be the sight . she giggle again , she mood lighter . marilyn ( cont 'd ) look at we . we be just like elsie and the young King . what would Sir laurence say if he could see we now ? colin I do not think he would mind . my week with marilyn 76 . marilyn grow reflective . she take colin 's arm in a friendly way as they walk . marilyn I want to be a artist . to grow as a actor . I be so proud to be work with the great olivier . ( pause ) now he think I be the enemy . she look at he innocently . colin hesitates . colin he do not understand you kind of actor . he 's hate the method ever since vivien work with Elia Kazan . it 's all too new and strange . you be the future , and it frighten he . marilyn every time I walk into the studio I feel this sense of doom come over I . he look at I like he 's smell a pile of rotten fish . and the crew hate I . Paula be the only person I can trust . ( pause ) except for you now , maybe . she look at he , she eye huge . colin feel he sense swim as he stare into they ... ... and then roger suddenly appear on the step . roger phone call for you , miss Monroe . it 's Mr. Miller . marilyn go back up the path towards the house , glance back briefly at Colin . marilyn Goodbye , Colin . thanks for tell I the truth . colin stare after she . it be a second before he realise that roger be gaze at he sternly . roger you will be leave now , I expect . CUT to : 105 int . pinewood studio . olivier dressing room . 105 day . the next morning . colin walk in as olivier be talk to milton . my week with marilyn 76a . olivier I do not care if he fuck she sideways . perhaps it will calm she down . ( pause ) oh , hello , boy . he smile cheerfully . my week with marilyn 77 . olivier ( cont 'd ) I hear you spend last night with Marilyn . colin I do not spend the night with she . we just have a chat . milton I hear they chuckle . olivier offer colin a lewdly suggestive grin . olivier perhaps if Colin be very diplomatic Marilyn be more likely to behave herself . colin she just want a chum , that 's all . milton a chum ? Jesus Christ , what be this , Goodbye Mr. chip ? grow up , kid . he barge out of the room , slamm the door behind he . olivier check the effect of he Grand Duke in the mirror and sigh abruptly . olivier I think work with Marilyn would make I feel young again . but I look dead in the rush . Dead behind the eye . he gaze at himself thoughtfully . olivier ( cont 'd ) perhaps I be angry with she because in my heart I know my own career be in a terrible rut . I want to renew myself through she but all I see reflect in that magnificent face be my own inadequacy . he lean back . olivier ( cont 'd ) you know , I admire Marilyn . I really do . despite she behaviour . she have take everything Hollywood can throw at she and triumph . colin wait , uncertain why olivier be confide in he . my week with marilyn 78 . olivier ( cont 'd ) a actress have to be pretty tough to get even a tenth as far as she have . he glance up at colin in the mirror , shrewd and sympathetic . olivier ( cont 'd ) but be careful , boy . she do not need to be rescue . not really . CUT to : 106 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 106 gossip be always fast to travel but on a film it go at the speed of light . as colin arrive on the set he be greet with wolf whistle and jeer by richard wattis , paul hardwick and the crew . soundman what be Marilyn like then , col ? hardwick go over she line with she , be you ? soundman will she be in today or be she too tired ? it be all good - nature stuff but colin feel strangely protective , not so much on he own behalf as marily n's . colin she be just be friendly . wattis I will bet . there be hoot of laughter . colin retreat to a corner only to find richard wattis pursue he . wattis ( cont 'd ) ever hear of the venus fly trap ? there you be , Colin the innocent little fly buzzing about happily , when suddenly a heavenly scent attract you and - snap ! colin oh , fuck off , dickie . you have never sleep with a woman in you life . my week with marilyn 79 . wattis I know a femme fatale when I see one , love . 107 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 107 a brief hiatus in filming . colin look on uneasily as marilyn , rest against she lean - to , have she costume attend to by lucy . orton Three minute , lady and gent . Three minute . it have just dawn on colin that he have miss he date with lucy . before he can react he be jerk violently behind the scenery and push up against the wall by a angry milton . milton Arthur Miller call I . he 's not happy with you . colin he do not even know who I be . milton Marilyn must have say something . colin maybe she be try to make he jealous ... orton turn around frown furiously at the voice behind the set . milton push colin off the set ahead of he . 108 ext . studio . day . 108 milton turn bitterly on Colin as soon as they be outside the studio door . milton listen , kid , I have know Marilyn for seven year . I fall in love with she , just like you have do . colin be about to protest but milton ignore he . milton ( cont 'd ) we have ten day together and that be it . she pick I up , she put I down . that 's what she do . she break heart . she will break yours . my advice to you be to quit before you get burn . colin I do not need you advice . and I be not in love with she . my week with marilyn 80 . milton okay , have it you way . ( pause ) you do not see Marilyn again , you do not even talk to she . she be completely off-limit to you . get it ? CUT to : 109 int . pinewood studio . corridor . day . 109 colin hurry along the corridor , look for lucy , who he see push a rack of clothes . he stop awkwardly . she gaze at he meaningfully , hurt and puzzle . lucy I wait for you on Friday . colin oh , God ... I be sorry ... I forget ... I have just be so busy . lucy ( sharp ) so I hear . colin ( shrug ) you know how crew gossip . there 's nothing in it . lucy of course there be not . Marilyn Monroe fancy you ? come on . colin be put out . up to now he have never fully confront the possibility of Marilyn want he , but he do not like the idea be dismiss so lightly . Lucy see it and she eye widen in surprise and hurt . before she can respond marilyn herself come towards they in she gown , she hair up in towel , surround by paula and she make - up people . she offer he a dazzle smile . marilyn hi , Colin . colin smile , self - conscious . marilyn stop and frown , look at Lucy . marilyn ( cont 'd ) hey , be you guy dating ? that 's what I hear . she look at he expectantly and suddenly he grow fantasy that she might actually be interested in he kick in hard . he shrug casually . my week with marilyn 81 . colin of course not . you know how crew like to gossip . his voice trail off lamely as he realise he be repeat what he have just say to Lucy . marilyn smile . marilyn too bad . you look cute together . she walk off with she retinue . there be a long pause . colin look up to see lucy stare at he in dismay . there be sudden tear in she eye , which she wipe away angrily . lucy I think you be different . colin Lucy , I really like you . we have have such fun ... lucy and now it 's time to set you sight a little higher . I get it . ( pause ) who do you think you be , cary grant ? she shove the rack of clothes back towards the wardrobe department . part of he know he should go after she , but in the end he just stay where he be . he can not help feel a unworthy sense of relief . CUT to : 110 int . dog and duck pub . colin' bedroom . night . 110 colin cross to the mean little bed on its iron frame and collapse on it gratefully . the noise of the rowdy pub float up through the floorboard . he cover he ear with he hand then fold the pillow over he head in a desperate attempt to block it out . CUT to : 111 ext . pinewood studio . day . 111 the studio be quiet at the weekend . colin walk along , snatching a moment for a cigarette . as he reach the door to the editing suite a batter old wolsey draw up beside he . roger smith be at the wheel . roger get in . colin look at he in confusion . the studio door open and milton emerge . he glance darkly at colin and roger . milton any problem , Roger ? my week with marilyn 82 . roger just drop by to take Colin out to lunch . colin look surprised . milton notice . colin stub out he cigarette and hurry to the passenger door . milton you be not take he to Marilyn ? that would drop we all in a whole ocean of shit . roger oh , no , sir . milton see a bulky blanket on the back seat . milton what do you have in there ? roger just a picnic . we have be look forward to it , have not we , Colin ? colin look at he , bemuse . he get in quickly . milton frown but shrug and walk off with a wave . milton okay , well , have a nice time boy . Inside the car colin look at roger . colin be she okay ? in the same moment marilyn herself erupt from under the blanket in the back . marilyn surprise ! colin oh , Jesus - she laugh , look wonderfully naughty . marilyn Roger and I decide to take you out for a adventure . do not we Roger ? roger ( pained ) indeed we do . colin oh , god. if milton see I with you ... I will be sack ... he try to scramble out but marilyn haul he back gleefully . my week with marilyn 83. marilyn no one can sack you , Colin . ( pause ) except I , of course . she pat the seat next to she . marilyn ( cont 'd ) I do not like be on my own in the back . before colin can respond he see the curious milton run back , have spot marilyn in the back . milton what the hell ? he peer into the back window . marilyn scream and bury herself back under the blanket . colin scramble to get over into the back seat while roger stamp on the accelerator and the car roar off . milton ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) Colin ! get back here , you little bastard ! you be fire ! do you hear I ? fire ! colin wince . roger look at he sympathetically . marilyn emerge from under the blanket , tousle and laugh . marilyn do you think he see I ? colin can not help laugh . he finally tumble into the back seat with marilyn as the car speed away . she scoot up to make room for he . marilyn ( cont 'd ) snuggle up . this be fun . she thread she arm through he . he gaze down at they hand meshed together . roger 's disapproval register in the faintest flicker of he eye . in the background the defeat and frustrated milton watch the car speed away . CUT to : 112 deleted 112 113 ext . windsor great park . day . 113 colin and marilyn walk barefoot in the grass of Windsor great Park while roger lean on the bonnet of the park wolsey , hold shoe , sock , and sandal . my week with marilyn 84 . there be no one else around . the wind sigh and the grass be pleasantly warm underfoot . marilyn turn she face up to the sun . marilyn this be how I ought to feel every day . colin smile . impulsively marilyn hug he . marilyn ( cont 'd ) let 's run away together . he turn ashen . marilyn ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) just kid . she look around happily . colin smile at she . colin we have today , anyway . one day to do whatever we like . we can go back to real life tomorrow . marilyn only one day ? colin well , maybe the weekend . marilyn or a week ? he grin . she take he hand , walk contentedly at he side . marilyn ( cont 'd ) what shall we do ? colin we could go to Windsor Castle , if you like . marilyn 's face break into a smile of pure delight . CUT to : 114 ext . windsor castle . grand drive . day . 114 the car make its stately progress down the magnificent drive towards the castle . CUT to : my week with marilyn 85 . 115 ext . roger' car . windsor castle . day . 115 roger have park up by the sentry post at the entrance to the castle . there be two uniform policemen on duty . roger nod to the policeman , who instantly recognise one of they own . roger detective Chief superintendant Smith . I be escort this lady and gentleman for the day . they would like to look around the castle . as the policeman see marilyn they eye widen . policeman Christ , be that ..? he stare in disbelief . roger smile . roger well , it 's not diana bloody dor , be it ? policeman ( after a second ) do she know anyone here , sir ? we need to write down a contact name in the book . roger look stump at this . he turn to Marilyn . roger you do not know her majesty , by any chance ? marilyn we meet at a movie premiere . she say my dress be pretty . policeman I be not sure that quite ... colin ( interrupting ) my godfather work here . he 's the Royal librarian , Sir Owen morshead . the policeman look sceptically at Colin 's casual clothes . policeman name ? colin Clark . Colin Clark . the policeman retreat into he box . we hear he talk on the telephone . roger look at colin . he shrug sheepishly . my week with marilyn 86 . colin ( cont 'd ) my father know everybody . a moment later the policeman return , look surprised . policeman he say to go straight up the hill , sir . you will be meet at the door . CUT to : 115a int . windsor castle . corridor . day . 115 a colin and marilyn be lead by a footman down the long corridor . marilyn look awed by the ancient suit of armour stand regally along the way . colin watch she , enjoy she reaction . CUT to : 115b int . windsor castle . golden corridor . day . 115b colin and marilyn be lead into another corridor , this one with a beautiful gold - leaf ceiling decoration . marilyn look up , enchant . CUT to : 116 int . windsor castle . royal library . day . 116 the library be a series of magnificent room line from floor to ceiling with book and print . every surface be cover with important document - the place be a shrine to antique learn and culture . sir owen morshead ( 63 ) , the Queen 's librarian , be a pleasantly eccentric figure with a sly wit . he greet colin with a friendly , distract air . morshead Colin , my boy ! come in , come in . forgive the dust . he smile at marilyn , show no sign whatever of recognise she . morshead ( cont 'd ) you be pretty , my dear . I be sure you and Colin have so much in common . marilyn look around in awe . marilyn gee , I would love to read all this book some time . my week with marilyn 87 . morshead luckily one do not really have to . a lot of they just have picture in . he find a portfolio on the table and open it . morshead ( cont 'd ) this be by a artist call holbein . marilyn smile at a portrait of a young woman . marilyn she 's beautiful . morshead she be the daughter of one of the King 's courtier , nearly 400 year ago . marilyn I hope I look that good when I be 400 . morshead laugh . he take down another folder of drawing . morshead and this be all by Leonardo Da vinci . marilyn I have hear of he ! do not he paint that lady with the funny smile ? she look at he , wide - eye , play up to she image as the dizzy blonde . in fact she know exactly who Da vinci be , and morshead be tactful enough to acknowledge it gracefully . morshead the mona Lisa . marilyn do you have that one here too ? morshead alas , that one get away . he close the portfolio and take marilyn 's arm briskly . morshead ( cont 'd ) now , let 's go to the Queen 's apartment . she 's not here at the moment , but she will be sorry to have miss you . marilyn look at he , wide - eye . marilyn really ? my week with marilyn 88 . morshead oh , yes . why , she be only say to I the other day , " what must it be like to be the most famous woman on earth " ? he share a sly smile with colin . he know exactly who Marilyn be and be enjoy every second of she company . he lead she out , with colin trail in they wake . morshead ( cont 'd ) some of the room be very opulent but I think there 's something you might like better than all that . CUT to : 117 deleted 117 118 int . windsor castle . doll ' room . day . 118 OPEN on a massive doll ' house . everything imaginable be inside - bed , chair , bath , basin , even small rug and chandelier , all perfectly to scale . marilyn kneel in front of it , gaze from room to room with childlike joy . it be so big she can lean inside and see the detail in every room . she cry out with joy . marilyn look , Colin . colin kneel at she side . marilyn ( cont 'd ) I sure never have a doll ' house like this when I be a kid . she see a perfect doll family inside , husband , wife and two child . she point at they , she eye shine . marilyn ( cont 'd ) this be I , that 's you , and this be we kid . she smile wistfully and put she hand on he arm . marilyn ( cont 'd ) we daughter 's so pretty . all little girl should be tell how pretty they be . they should grow up know how much they mother love they . her eye fill with sadness for a moment . marilyn ( cont 'd ) we look like such a happy family , do not we ? my week with marilyn 89 . she turn to he . they be only inch away from each other . colin 's heart lurch . morshead cough discreetly . morshead you must not let I keep you . I be sure you be long to be on you way . CUT to : 119 ext . windsor castle . court yard . day . 119 colin and marilyn emerge . a small crowd of policemen , servant and castle worker have gather . there be cheer as they see she . colin look nervously at marilyn but she smile and wink at he , mock herself gently . marilyn shall I be " she " ? she jump up onto a step and strike a pose - hip out , shoulder back , bosom thrust forward , the classic Marilyn " look " . the delighted crowd burst into cheer . colin stand proudly nearby , content to watch Marilyn be a star , bask in the certain knowledge that she will be leave with he . one of the spectator turn to he . spectator be you somebody , mate ? colin ( smile ) I be no one . colin stare at marilyn . she catch he eye and smile , just for he . he feel like he 's tumble into the abyss , but no longer care . ext . eton college . day . Roger 's car pull up outside eton College . CUT to : 120 ext . eton college . courtyard . day . 120 colin and a astonished marilyn walk through the school building with roger a discreet distance behind they . marilyn this be not a school , it 's a palace ! colin smile . colin eton be 500 year old . it be found by King Henry VI . my week with marilyn 89a . marilyn it 's like walk through history . colin take that room up there . they stop as colin point up at a window . my week with marilyn 90 . colin that 's where the boy be send if they do not work hard enough . where we be whipped . marilyn look at he in shock . marilyn whipped ? colin beaten . she look appal . marilyn I would never send my kid away . ( pause ) how long be you here ? colin five year . but I be send to board school when I be eight . marilyn why ? colin that 's what we do in my family . she smile at this , look at he shrewdly . marilyn it seem to I that you have have most thing pretty easy . colin in one way , yes . but when you be bring up in a house of over - achiever , it 's hard to make you own mark . she look at he , sympathetic but push a little harder . marilyn so how be you go to do it ? colin maybe it will be in film , but if not , there be so many possibility out there . marilyn sound pretty good to I . she smile warmly , like he a lot more for he openness . we sense they relationship have move quietly to a different and deeper level . but before either of they can say anything a schoolboy turn the corner in he eton uniform . my week with marilyn 90a . he look up at marilyn , he mouth hang open in shock . then he simply turn and run , shouting at the top of he voice . schoolboy Marilyn ! it 's Marilyn Monroe ! CUT to : 121 ext . eton college . courtyard . day . 121 marilyn and colin be swamp in a joyous mass of eton student . marilyn smile , wave , pout , even kiss one boy on the cheek . cheer boy hang out of every window . marilyn blow kiss to they all . roger have to plunge into the crowd to rescue she . colin follow after they with difficulty . marilyn pause , jump on a bench to wave goodbye and blow more kiss to the boy . marilyn work hard , boy ! I do not want anyone whipping you ! a gawky young teenager near the front shout out cheekily . boy you can whip I anytime , Marilyn ! marilyn laugh in delight . there be cheer as colin escort she away . CUT to : 122 ext . thame riverbank . day . 122 roger lean back against the car , smoking calmly . CUT to : 123 ext . thame riverbank . day . 123 after the riotous excitement of the eton schoolyard the peace and quiet of the river . marilyn rush along the sandy bank . the water glitter magically . marilyn hurry up , slow poke . colin but we have not get any ... he stop in mid-sentence as he see marilyn unbuttone she blouse and throw it off carelessly . my week with marilyn 91 . he tear he eye away from she as she casually strip she clothes off . he hurry to find a bush to get change behind . as he duck down behind it he hear a splash and marilyn 's cry of shock as she hit the water . marilyn oh my gosh ! it 's freezing ! CUT to : 124 ext . thame . day . 124 marilyn swim in the water , hum softly to herself . colin wade in , wince at the cold . she laugh . marilyn this be great . colin what if a boat go past ? we could be arrest . marilyn do not worry . Roger will fix it . oh , darn it ... she hold she head and he look at she with concern . colin what 's wrong ? marilyn I have something in my eye . he swim across to she , very aware of she naked body under the water . she hold she head up to he . colin I can not see anything . marilyn get closer . she tip she head back . he look deep into she eye - and suddenly she grab he and kiss he on the lip . before he can respond she laugh playfully and swim away . marilyn ( cont 'd ) that 's the first time I have kiss anyone young than I . there 's a lot of older guy in Hollywood . she swim happily , totally relaxed . colin be much more self - conscious , keep one nervous eye open for pleasure boat . finally she swim back into the shallow and wade to the shore . she glance back , catch Colin look . he glance away , embarrassed . my week with marilyn 92 . marilyn ( cont 'd ) do not be shy , Colin . it 's nothing you have not see before . colin wade awkwardly to the shore , try to conceal he erection with he cup hand . marilyn giggle . marilyn ( cont 'd ) oh , Colin ! and you a old etonian ! he grin . she reach for she blouse and stand shiver as she try to dry herself . colin go to take she in he arm . colin let I warm you up . she snuggle into he gratefully , she tooth chatter . he rub she naked back briskly , she thin blouse the only barrier between they body . slowly he embrace become more sensual , he hand slow , stroking rather than rub , he face bury in she hair , he arm pull she closer - marilyn do not spoil it . she look at he , she expression know but sweet . marilyn ( cont 'd ) I want this to be the perfect date . he try to kiss she but she duck she head away gently , she expression wistful . marilyn ( cont 'd ) I have not have a real date since I be 13 year old . she suddenly look much young , she smile a poignant echo of a lose childhood . he step back politely , allow she to put on she blouse . as she button it , she gaze at he , then impulsively lean forward to kiss he chastely on the lip . the kiss be as sweet and innocent as any 13 year old might wish . the kiss last for a few second , they lip touch gently , the river shimmer magically in the sunshine behind they . when they finally break apart she reward he with a radiant smile . marilyn ( cont 'd ) that be nice . I do not get kiss much . she look wistful for a second but quickly brighten . my week with marilyn 93 . marilyn ( cont 'd ) okay , what do we do now ? colin look at she , know it be time to return to the real world but reluctant to face it . there be a discreet cough and roger appear . roger time to go home , I think , miss Monroe . she smile , a little sadly , then get up , walk past he as she put on the rest of she clothes . roger avert he eye respectfully and wait for colin . the two man look at each other for a second . roger ( cont 'd ) be careful not to get in too deep , son . colin know he be not talk about the river . CUT to : 125 int . roger' car . day . 125 marilyn and colin sit in silence in the back of the car . her exuberance have vanish and there be a distant look in she eye . colin want to say something but can not think of the right word . he put he hand on hers and she squeeze it , but then pull away . CUT to : 126 int / ext . parkside house . roger' car . day . 126 a seethe milton be wait on the step as roger park the car . colin look at he nervously . marilyn look at he then get out , glance at milton indifferently . marilyn hi milton . she smile sweetly . marilyn ( cont 'd ) next time I come on set , you better make sure Colin be there . he look at she in shock then bitterly at colin . marilyn ( cont 'd ) ( to roger ) take he home . my week with marilyn 94 . she wave briefly to Colin , nothing more than a flutter of she finger . colin watch she all the way up the step until she disappear inside . CUT to : 127 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 127 the crew be ready , the cast stand around in full costume , olivier pace the set - and there be no sign of Marilyn . olivier turn to colin . olivier you spend the day with she . what frame of mind be she in ? colin she be fine . olivier ( huge self -control ) well , find out what 's go on . there 's a good chap . perhaps we can persuade she on this splendid day to do the work she 's pay herself to do . he stalk off . colin see wattis grin at he . colin do not start , dicky . wattis you will not get any sympathy from I , dear . frankly I would not care if Marilyn drop dead tomorrow . colin she 's try she best . wattis she 's Marilyn Monroe . this be she life . pill , booze , sex , more pill . ( pause ) God , it must be wonderful ! colin do not laugh . wattis look at he sympathetically . wattis ( cont 'd ) oh , dear . Little Colin 's in love . CUT to : 128 ext . parkside house . drive . day . 128 milton be wait for colin at the door . milton Marilyn 's not well . my week with marilyn 95 . colin but she be wonderful yesterday . milton look at he for a long moment , mask he hostility in barb politeness . milton I do not know what you do to she , kid , but she get nervous . I have to give she some pill to calm she down . colin she do not need pill ! she just need someone to care for she . milton someone like you ? colin redden . milton shake he head patronisingly . colin I tell you , I be not in love with she ! milton you kiss she . colin she say that ? milton spare I the bullshit . I know everything . colin stare at he , feel hopelessly out of he depth . milton ( cont 'd ) you mess she up , kid . confused she . he come very close , he tone fierce but wounded . milton ( cont 'd ) I have get every penny I ever make tie up in Marilyn . she owe I . if it be not for I she would still be on contract that make slave wage look good . I give she back she freedom , and now Miller 's turn she against I . that 's what you get for try to help Marilyn Monroe . he go back to the house , pause at the door , speak more in sorrow than anger . my week with marilyn 96 . milton ( cont 'd ) if you want to play with the grow -up , Colin , start learn the rule . CUT to : 129 int . pub . colin' bedroom . night . 129 a gentle summer breeze lift the net curtain . colin be fast asleep . there 's a sharp rap at the door . roger ( off ) Colin ! ( pause ) Colin ! colin open he eye , he mind drugge with sleep . colin Roger ? what 's the matter ? roger ( off ) it 's Marilyn . a cold dread clutches at colin 's stomach . he stumble out of bed and open the door . roger stand in the doorway colin be she dead ? roger she 's ask for you . she 's sick . I think she might be in a coma . colin how can she be ask for I if she 's in a coma ? roger just bloody get dress ! CUT to : 130 ext . parkside house . drive . night . 130 roger and colin drive up . milton , wait on the step . he look resentfully at colin but do not say anything . CUT to : 131 int . parkside house . marilyn' bedroom . night . 131 paula strasberg pace frantically outside Marilyn 's bedroom door as roger , milton and colin hurry up the stair . my week with marilyn 97 . paula she have not make a sound for over a hour . roger we should break down the door . colin how many pill do she take ? milton oh , Jesus , who know ? I be not count . colin knock gently . colin Marilyn ? there be no reply . CUT to : 132 ext . parkside house . garden . night . 132 roger and colin carry a ladder across the moonlit gravel and prop it up against the wall . roger that 's she window . he point with he torch . the window be open . colin shin up the ladder while roger hold it . colin I will open the door once I be inside . CUT to : 133 int . parkside . marilyn' bedroom . night . 133 colin tumble in through the window with a clatter thump . colin Marilyn ? a shaft of moonlight reveal marilyn lie naked across the bed , she body partly cover by the sheet . half empty pill and champagne bottle be scattered all over she dresser ; there be also a old photograph in a silver frame of she mother gladys . colin ( cont 'd ) Marilyn ? for a second he fear the worst , but then suddenly she groan and sit up , look at he blearily . my week with marilyn 98 . marilyn oh hi , Colin . colin be you okay ? everyone be worried about you . marilyn phooey . she pat the sheet at she side and settles down sleepily on the pillow . marilyn ( cont 'd ) get in . she be instantly back asleep . colin fumble he way to the door . he search for the key on the side table and quickly find it . he go to unlock the door , but then pause , look back at Marilyn . he put the key back and bend down to whisper at the keyhole . colin it 's I . she 's fine but I be go to keep a eye on she . I will sleep on the sofa . milton ( off ) come on , Colin , open up . colin ( after a second ) I can not find the key . ( pause ) you can all go to bed now . paula ( off ) Colin , open this door ! she need I ... colin go back to the bed and gaze at the sleep Marilyn , he expression suffuse with a tenderness we have never see in he before . he pull up the sheet so that it cover she nakedness , then tentatively lie down to rest he head on the pillow . CUT to : 134 int . parkside . marilyn' bedroom . night . 134 colin wake with a jolt as the light snap on , blind he . marilyn Colin ? what be you do here ? marilyn sit up , the sheet clutch to she chest , she expression panicky and disorient . colin hurl himself off the bed . my week with marilyn 99 . colin I come in through the window ... he realise this do not sound reassure . colin ( cont 'd ) milton think you be sick . she stare at he in puzzlement then break into a daze smile . marilyn the window ? be there a balcony , like in Romeo and juliet ? how romantic . ( pause ) but I be not sick . what make they think that ? she reach instinctively for the pill container on she bedside table . colin please do not take any more pill . she frown , clutching the pill bottle in one hand . he reach out and prise it gently from she grasp . as he put it back on the side he glance at the frame photograph . colin ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) who 's that ? marilyn my mom . her expression soften as she look at the picture . marilyn ( cont 'd ) they take she to the sanatorium when I be a kid . I grow up in other people 's home , mostly . alongside she mother 's photo be another frame picture , this time of abraham lincoln . colin frown . colin abraham lincoln ? marilyn I do not know who my father be so it might as well be he . why not ? I can pick any father I want . she smile , then look at Colin wistfully . marilyn ( cont 'd ) do you have a home , Colin ? a real one ? colin yes , I do . my week with marilyn 100 . marilyn and a mother and father who still live together ? colin yes . marilyn and do they love you ? colin I be sure they do . he nod . she smile sadly . marilyn you be lucky . her eye fill with tear . she look up at he anxiously . marilyn ( cont 'd ) do you love I , Colin ? he stare at she . she look lovely but desperately vulnerable . colin yes . she reach for the pill and pour three or four into she palm . colin gently take she hand and take two of they away . she smile , not object as he settles she back gently on the pillow . colin ( cont 'd ) but you and I come from different world . you be like some Greek goddess to I ... marilyn I be not Greek . she smile , teasing he . he smile back . she take he hand , look at he in appeal . marilyn ( cont 'd ) I do not want to be a goddess . I just want to be love like a ordinary girl . colin Mr. Miller love you . she stare at he , she face go blank with misery . marilyn I find he notebook . it say I would let he down . my week with marilyn 101 . colin writer scribble all kind of thing . it do not mean anything . she look at he , she eye full of pain . marilyn he want I to find it . it say he should never have marry I . that I be unpredictable and a woman -child , flighty and self - centre . he 's leave I , Colin . why do the people I love always leave I ? she look so wretch , so completely baffle , that colin respond with sudden passion . colin I will never leave you . she smile and embrace he gratefully . she sigh . marilyn all people ever see be Marilyn Monroe . as soon as they realise I be not she , they run . he lie down next to she , take she awkwardly in he arm . she sigh sleepily . marilyn ( cont 'd ) Boy , there 's a lot of man in this business . and they all think you have get to sleep with they . she look across at he , they face inch apart . marilyn ( cont 'd ) you be not like that . that 's why I like you . colin stare back at she guiltily . she smile . marilyn ( cont 'd ) you should date that wardrobe lady . she 's pretty . colin I do not want to . ( pause ) I love you , Marilyn . she stare at he and tear gather in she eye again . they stare intently at each other , they mood fragile , touch with both sensuality and a long for something less tangible . marilyn lean forward and kiss he gently . the embrace grow in passion and they kiss properly , hungrily . he kiss she eye and she face and she sigh happily . he want she more than he have want anything before . my week with marilyn 102 . and then he stop . the fantasy he have be pursue for week be within he grasp but he know that whatever it do for he it will only damage she further . he pull away from she gently . her eye flicker open lazily . marilyn what 's the matter ? do not you want to make love ? colin maybe we should just be friend . marilyn okay . Friends . she wrap herself around he , curling up so they body cradle each other like spoon in a cutlery draw . as she bury she head in he neck he feel she breast against he back . she curl against he . marilyn ( cont 'd ) this be nice . like spoon . I use to do this with johnny . colin who 's johnny ? marilyn johnny hyde . my agent , back in the old day . he be thin , like you ... her voice be blurred and drift with sleep . with she body warm against he colin 's resolve nearly snap but he be clear eye now and determine . colin Marilyn ? she mutter softly in reply . colin ( cont 'd ) do one thing for I ? come into the studio on time tomorrow and show everybody what you can do . show Larry you be a great actress . marilyn ( blurred ) okay . he smile and turn out the light . CUT to : my week with marilyn 103 . 135 int . parkside . marilyn' bedroom / bathroom . day . 135 first light stream in through the curtain . colin wake to hear Marilyn sing cheerfully . he get up and see she through the open door of the bathroom sit in the bath , she back towards he . she be practice the gentle waltz tune she be to sing in the film . marilyn " I find a dream and lay in you arm the whole night through ... I be yours no matter what other may say or do ... she have never sound so happy or carefree . colin smile . CUT to : 136 ext . pinewood studio . gate . day . 136 colin race up the road and arrive panting at the gate a few second before olivier 's car swing into the entrance . the great man lean out of the back window . olivier Morning , boy . ( pause ) Christ , you look rough . he look at he thoughtfully , then shrug . olivier ( cont 'd ) let I know when Marilyn arrive . if she ever do . colin oh , I be pretty sure she will be in this morning . olivier give colin a odd look . CUT to : 137 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 137 marilyn , olivier and wattis act a scene together ; a drunken elsie marina be be seduce by the Grand Duke , and northbrook burst in to interrupt they as a valet play the violin in the doorway behind he . wattis ( as northbrook ) " you Grand ducal highness .. " olivier ( as regent ) " this be intolerable " ! wattis ( as northbrook ) " with the deep respect , sir , my message be so important I have no choice but to intrude " . my week with marilyn 104 . olivier ( as regent ) " Revolution ? " wattis ( as northbrook ) " no , sir , miss marina 's aunt have be in a motor accident . the hospital be call for she most urgently . " marilyn ( as elsie ) " what ? ( giggles drunkenly ) oh , go away , you silly man . " wattis ( as northbrook ) " miss marina , you aunt ... you realise how serious she condition be ? " marilyn ( as elsie ) " well , it 's she own fault . she have no right be out at this time of night . she 's 93 ! " marilyn be utterly adorable . the crew , colin , amongst they , can not take they eye off she . olivier glance at orton behind the camera . they have a good take and they know it . orton cut it there ! marilyn be as happy as we have ever see she . she seek out colin amongst the crowd and beam at he . half the crew , include olivier , notice the look . colin blushes self - consciously but we can feel he pride . CUT to : 138 int . pinewood studio . olivier dressing room . 138 night . olivier take off he make - up . colin stand behind he with the end of day bottle of whisky . olivier be in buoyant mood . it have be a good day . olivier whatever it be you do to she , boy , keep do it . olivier grin slyly and colin do not bother to protest . the phone ring . olivier pick it up . olivier ( cont 'd ) hello ? his face fall as he listen to the voice at the other end of the line . CUT to : my week with marilyn 105 . 139 int . parkside house . hall . night . 139 colin pace nervously up and down the hall . paula appear . she look at he for a long , unnerve moment then speak with sudden ferocity . paula from the first moment all I have feel be olivier 's loathing and contempt . he think I be unnecessary . I , she drama coach , surrogate mother , nursemaid . on call 24 hour a day to help she act , dole out pill , bolster she ego , keep she sober enough to work . ( pause ) me. unnecessary . ( pause ) no I , no Marilyn . he be take aback by she passion . she smile bitterly then walk on . colin hesitates . she look back briefly . paula ( cont 'd ) you can come up now . CUT to : 140 int . parkside house . marilyn' bedroom . night . 140 marilyn lie in bed with milton possessively at she side . colin come in with paula . marilyn look at he dully , she eye cloud and unfocus . a half empty pill bottle stand on the side . colin sit down next to she and she take he hand , ignore the surprised look on milton 's face . marilyn you think I can act , do not you , Colin ? colin of course I do . you be wonderful today . paula look at milton , then move between they busily . paula Marilyn 's tired now . marilyn I want he to stay with I . milton what would Arthur say if he know Colin be here ? a flicker of terror cross marilyn 's face . colin turn on they angrily . colin you hear what she say . she want I here . my week with marilyn 106 . milton look at he grimly but finally surrender the field . Paula be more reluctant to give in . she sit on the bed , stroking Marilyn 's hand . paula you have no idea of you position in the world , Marilyn . you be the great actress there 's ever be . not just actress . the great woman of this or any time . I love you like a daughter . colin be surprised to see tear in she eye . paula ( cont 'd ) it 's hard now , but believe I you will survive this and go on to better thing . you life be ahead of you . you be young , just beginning . Paula 's love and sincerity be obvious . she mean it . colin watch she in silence . marilyn squeeze she hand and paula get up with a heavy sigh , bitterly reluctant to leave . finally she drag herself out , leave they alone . as the door close marilyn curl herself up in the bed . marilyn I be so tired of feel scared . life be so shitty . I hate it . it hurt too much . colin look at she , he heart break at she anguish . colin I be here now . I will look after you . she give he a wry look , teasing but thoughtful . marilyn good old Colin . look after I , look after Larry , look after vivien . always put everyone before yourself . there be a edge to this . he gaze at she , shake , but she smile and touch he face gently . he get on the bed , fully clothed , to fold she in he arm . CUT to : my week with marilyn 107 . 141 int . parkside house . marilyn' bedroom . night . 141 colin wake with a start as he realise that marilyn be scream in pain . marilyn it hurt ! it hurt , Colin ! she be double up , clutching she stomach , sweat and frighten . colin see a dark red stain on the sheet . marilyn ( cont 'd ) the baby . I can not lose the baby . colin look at she aghast . marilyn ( cont 'd ) it 's a surprise . for Arthur . do not tell anyone . promise I . he hurl himself off the bed and run to the door . CUT to : 142 int . parkside house . marilyn' bedroom / bathroom . 142 night . milton and colin wait by the bathroom in Marilyn 's suite . roger hurry in . roger the doctor 's come . colin turn the handle but the bathroom door be lock . colin Marilyn , unlock the door . marilyn ( off ) do not let anyone in . colin I will not . milton give he a sharp look but he no longer care about anything except Marilyn . there be a shuffle sound and the door be unlock . at the same moment paula come rush in , hair awry , gown flap , a wild look in she eye . paula Marilyn ! Marilyn , my baby , what have Colin do to you ? colin I have not do anything . she 's just ... get a stomach ache . he redden with embarrassment . roger cough . my week with marilyn 108 . roger I think he mean she monthly . paula what will Arthur say if she die ? colin she 's not die , for Christ 's sake . the housekeeper now appear at the door with a elderly man at she side . he nod briskly . connell I be Dr. connell . be the patient in there ? paula please save she ... it 's Marilyn Monroe . you can not let she die . connell calmly extract himself from she grasp . connell perhaps you would all like to give we a little privacy ? as colin shepherd the other out milton turn on he bitterly . milton happy now , kid ? CUT to : 143 int . parkside house . hall . night . 143 dr . connell stand in the hall outside the bedroom write out a prescription and smoking a cigarette . he tear the prescription off the pad and look up . connell who 's in charge here ? milton , paula , roger and colin all step forward as one . connell give they a wry look and shrug . connell ( cont 'd ) I have give Mrs. Miller a injection and the bleed have stop . she need to stay in bed tomorrow but after that she will be fine . I suggest someone stay with she . paula lean forward and almost snatch the prescription from he hand . paula she will be safe with I . my week with marilyn 109 . she look bitterly at Colin . CUT to : 144 ext . parkside house . night . 144 colin walk connell to he car , they foot crunching on the gravel . connell well , goodnight then . colin hold the door open as he get in . colin be she really pregnant ? connell I think that 's a private matter between Mr and Mrs. Miller . he look at colin with cool disapproval , then close the door and drive off . colin stand watch , shiver in he shirtsleeve . CUT to : 145 int . parkside house . marilyn' bedroom . night . 145 colin creep into the room and sit on the bed . marilyn be awake . she gaze at he , hazy but lucid . marilyn we have to say goodbye now , Colin . Arthur 's on he way back . when this film be over I be go to settle down and be a good wife to he . I be go to learn to make matzo ball soup as good as he dad 's . she smile wistfully at the fantasy . marilyn ( cont 'd ) we have to forget this ever happen . colin I do not want to forget . he struggle then suddenly burst out passionately . colin ( cont 'd ) let I protect you from all this ... she smile sadly . my week with marilyn 110 . marilyn what do you want to do ? marry I ? colin why not ? you could come and live at my parent place . you would love it . it 's a castle , like in a fairy tale . we would not even have to live together . you could have you own suite of room ... he be close to tear , suddenly look very young . she look at he with a sad , sweet smile . he shake he head stubbornly , take she hand in passionate appeal . colin ( cont 'd ) you could quit . forget Marilyn Monroe , forget Hollywood . let it all go . marilyn this be what I have work for my whole life . I could not just give it all up . colin why not , when it drive you crazy ? her eye widen in surprise . a flicker of nervous insecurity dull she expression . marilyn you think I be crazy ? colin I do not mean that . I just mean you could be happy . marilyn I be happy . I get everything I ever dream about . she smile tentatively , but he see a terrible fear in she eye . he look down , realise with a cruel stab of pain that olivier be right . there be no way back . she do not want to be rescue . he finally look up , smile despite the tear in he eye . colin of course you be happy . ( pause ) you be a star . the biggest star in the world . she smile , reassure . he drag himself off the bed and go to the door , pause for a second as he look back . colin ( cont 'd ) you be right , Marilyn . we have to forget all this . ( more ) my week with marilyn 111 - 112 . colin ( cont 'd ) from now on I be nobody . just the third . you do not even know I exist . we will never look at each other again . she giggle with some of she old playfulness . marilyn well , maybe just a wink . once in a while . he smile , look at she just once more , and then go out . as the door close we see Marilyn 's smile fade to be replace by a bleak , frighten expression . CUT to : 146 int . pinewood studio . olivier dressing room . 146 day . olivier sit in front of he make - up mirror in he Grand ducal uniform , smoothing down he hair with pomade . colin knock and come in . colin they be ready for you on set , Sir laurence . olivier Marilyn ? colin she 's just arrive . olivier only a hour late . not bad by she standard . he smile , then stand up , straighten he uniform . olivier ( cont 'd ) maybe we will finish this bloody film after all . CUT to : 147 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 147 the crew be ready . the actor be on set . olivier stand by the camera . colin be half -hidden in the shadow . there be a flurry of activity and marilyn emerge , with paula on one side and milton on the other . she look exactly as Marilyn should . with she white dress shimmer in the light and she platinum blonde hair glow , she have the air of a goddess . she sweep past only inch away from Colin but ignore he . he can not help feel a stiletto sharp pang of regret . my week with marilyn 111 - 112a . marilyn turn to the assemble crew . a silence settles . she smile around , blink in the light . she look for comfort or support among the technician but see only blank face or sullen hostility . she smile nervously . marilyn ( cont 'd ) I hope you will all forgive I . it be not altogether my fault . I have be ill . she smile up at they uneasy expression , struggle to understand herself and they expectation of she . marilyn ( cont 'd ) I would like you to remember I try . this oddly move and open confession be receive in silence . no one quite know how to react to she lacerate honesty . perhaps they think it be just another performance . my week with marilyn 113 . 147a int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 147a olivier , in character , lie back on a sofa , with marilyn on top of he , sing the waltz that Colin first hear after he night with she . marilyn look kittenish and irresistible as she sing only a few inch from olivier 's face . marilyn ( as elsie ) " .. I find a dream and lay in you arm the whole night through , I be yours no matter what other may say or do . be light of heart and fancy free , that 's the way to start , there will be nothing to lose till you lose you heart .. " she sing with touch delicacy , nail it perfectly . there be pin drop silence on the set as the crew watch . colin be amongst they . it be a moment of almost unbearable poignancy for he . he suddenly realise that sybil thorndike have creep up silently behind he to watch the scene . as he turn to she she smile with infinite wisdom and compassion , murmure softly so that only he can hear . sybil thorndike first love be such sweet despair , Colin . she touch he cheek gently and smile , perhaps lose in a long ago memory of she own , before retreate quietly into the darkness at the back of the set . 148 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 148 inch by laborious inch the sleep Prince move towards the finish line . we see a montage of scene be film - - hardwick enter as Major domo through the main door of the oval room , carry a silver tray bear shave equipment ... - wattis and jeremy spenser crossing the draw room to the Grand Duke 's bedroom ... - wattis cross the draw room and knock on a door ... the process be hardly any easier but somehow the work be do , until we come to the final shot in the sequence - orton very quiet , studio ! go for a take . the big overhead light switch on with a series of heavy clunk . deny camera run ! speed ! my week with marilyn 113a . orton action ! marilyn look up , in character as elsie , she eye glow . olivier ( as regent ) " my dear ... " marilyn ( as elsie ) " I have get a solemn word of warning for you . " olivier ( as regent ) " what 's that , my beloved ? " marilyn ( as elsie ) " you know what 's go to happen ? I be go to fall in love with you , because I always , always do . " close on marilyn as she smile , she face radiating joy and vitality . and then , in the split second before orton call `cut ' , marilyn turn she head just a fraction and wink at Colin . he grin . olivier look up from the sofa , notice and smile indulgently . orton cut ! okay boy and girl , that 's a wrap ! there be a smatter of applause from the crew . marilyn leave the stage . 148a int . pinewood studio . corridor . day . 148a marilyn walk away from we , down the long corridor , alone . 149 int . pinewood studio . SOUND stage . day . 149 the crew shake hand and clap each other on the back like a group of harden war veteran . orton offer colin a grudge nod - `well do ' . milton now come forward , call out above the hubbub . milton if you would all like to step this way , you will find something I think you will like . milton indicate a trestle table at one end of the studio , load with gaily wrap parcel . he usher the crew over . milton ( cont 'd ) a parting gift to each of you from Marilyn . Men on the leave , lady on the right . my week with marilyn 113b . at first there be a buzz of excitement but then something odd happen . one of the crew simply pick up he present without look at it and drop it in the large bin stand against the wall . there be a moment , then a woman do the same with hers . suddenly there be a rush for the bin as almost everyone dump they present . the bin be soon overflow . milton stare at the scene , then simply shrug and walk out . arthur jacob , utterly indifferent to the hostile undercurrent , grin and wave cheerfully . jacob it 's be a lot of fun , kid . see you at the Academy Award . he go out , grab a discard bottle of booze from the dustbin as he go . colin watch all this in shocked silence . he look at the label on he own small parcel , which read simply " to Colin , with thanks , Marilyn " . my week with marilyn 114 . 150 omitted 150 150a int . pinewood studio . wardrobe dept . day . 150 a the wardrobe department be empty except for lucy , who cradle she own gift from Marilyn . colin come in , look nervous . they look at each other awkwardly . colin be not you go to throw yours away ? lucy of course not . it 's from Marilyn Monroe . he smile . she shrug and turn to leave . my week with marilyn 115 . colin ( after a second ) Lucy ? she turn back to look at he . colin ( cont 'd ) I be wonder if you be do anything this Saturday . lucy I be wash my hair . he nod , accept this as no more than he deserve . she go but then stop to look back at he . lucy ( cont 'd ) do she break you heart ? colin ( after a second ) a little . lucy good . it need break . there be no malice in she response , just a awareness that he be older and wiser now , and perhaps a better man for the experience . he nod , accept the rebuke . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( after a second ) I might be free on Wednesday . colin smile . she go out . he look down at marily n 's present in he hand . CUT to : 151 int . pinewood studio . hall . day . 151 colin walk down the hall . he notice the red light be on outside the view theatre . as he go towards it he see roger come the other way on he way out of the studio , he job do . the two man smile ; a acknowledgment of everything they have be through together . roger offer he a friendly salute and then go on he way . 152 int . pinewood studio . viewing theatre . day . 152 olivier sit on he own , watch a edit version of the " the coconut girl " sequence ( scene 61 and 62 ) . colin come in . olivier glance at he . olivier " you do look , my son , in a move sort / as if you be dismay would : be cheerful , sir . / we revel now be end . ( more ) my week with marilyn 116 . olivier ( cont 'd ) this we actor , / as I foretold you , be all spirit and / be melt into air , into thin air ... colin prospero . olivier ( smile ) we be such stuff / as dream be make on , and we little life / be round with a sleep ... " colin sit down next to the great man . they watch in silence as another sequence be project for they . the sequence show marilyn improvise in the champagne and caviar scene . she serve herself food and drink before collapse , drunk . the endless retake and fluff go , what remain be a gift comic performance by a luminous beauty . olivier ( cont 'd ) ( after a second ) she 's quite wonderful . no training , no craft , no guile , just pure instinct . astonish . he seem almost lose in awe . colin gaze at he in surprise . colin you should tell she that . olivier oh , I will . but she will not believe I . that 's probably what make she great . it 's certainly what make she so profoundly unhappy . he smile wryly . olivier ( cont 'd ) I try my best to change she , but she remain brilliant despite I . ( pause ) directing a movie have to be just about the best job ever invent , but Marilyn have cure I of ever want to do it again . he signal to the projection box and the film stop as the light come up . olivier ( cont 'd ) and now I be go back to the theatre . John osborne be write a piece for I . colin I think you hate all that Royal Court stuff . my week with marilyn 117 . olivier ( smile ) Miller make I see thing differently . ( pause ) you have to find new world to conquer , if you want to be the best . and believe I , most of the time , I really be the best . he go to the door and pause . olivier ( cont 'd ) you have do a good job , boy . ( pause ) welcome to the circus . he go out . colin look back up at the projection box . colin run it again , please . the light go down . marilyn 's face appear on the screen , laugh and happy . it be another sequence , the one where Marilyn do she sweet , uninhibit little dance ( scene 90 ) , a performance both sexy and yet touchingly innocent . hold on colin for a long moment , gaze at she image in the darkness , then - 152a int . dog and duck pub . day 152a the circus be leave . the film be shutting down . not know he next job colin sit , suitcase next to he chair , wear the ' Marilyn ' experience on he face and in he soul . head down , sip a pint . he could be a regular here . barry behind the bar , flitting around - the dart player and regular at play . and then , as if a gust of wind invade , barry look up and freeze . the dart player , sense something , turn to look up as well . the regular be freeze in mid-action . colin be miss it all . 100 % of he attention be give to he woe and he pint . marilyn buy a girl a drink ? colin do not turn . he recognize the voice and smile . colin can I get another one of that please , Barry ? barry for once be silent , pour a pint . the regular try not to stare . marilyn I do not want to leave without say goodbye . my week with marilyn 117a . marilyn hand colin a package . marilyn ( cont 'd ) the first time you see this , all I have on be the radio . Colin open the package . it 's she copy of the script . on the first page she have write a message scrawle in ink : to the most charming third assistant director in the world marilyn ( cont 'd ) do not forget I . colin as if I could . marilyn everyone else on the picture wish they could . colin everyone else do not understand . she smile , touch . marilyn be a gentleman and walk I to my car ? 152b ext . dog &amp ; duck pub . day 152b the ever faithful Roger stand by the idling car . colin open the car door for marilyn . marilyn beckon he closer . she kiss he gently . he smile and say lightly : colin what 's that for ? marilyn that 's for be on my side ; and remember , when you see I wink , that 's for you . roger walk around the car and look over at colin . roger ( glance at colin ) look a couple of inch taller than when I first see you . roger nod at colin ( a silent salute suggest job well do . ) he get into the car and we stay on colin as he watch it pull away . barry come to the doorway of the pub . barry be that really Marilyn Monroe ? my week with marilyn 117b . colin no - just a good friend of mine . barry walk back into the pub , leave colin alone , stare at the vanish car . and then the sun swallow it as it drive into the English countryside . fade to : 153 ext . wardour STREET . london . day . 153 colin walk along chat to friend . dress in a neat dark suit he look older and more confident . there be little sign leave of the callow young man who pace up and down the pavement outside Sir laurence olivier 's office . we see the caption : six year later . 154 int . colin' office . wardour STREET . day . 154 colin walk into a small office . Film can be pile up all over the floor and book and papers spill off the shelf . a secretary sit type at she desk . colin go to he own desk , glance at he diary , then look up . colin any message ? the secretary push a piece of paper at he . secretary it 's probably just someone have a joke . colin look down at the message . there be a Los Angeles phone number and then the name - Marilyn Monroe . colin ( after a moment ) do she say anything ? my week with marilyn 118 . secretary she just ask you to call . ( pause ) it be a joke , be not it ? colin stare down at the paper . colin probably . ( pause ) Book a call as soon as you can . Los Angeles , California . brentwood 1890 . CUT to : 155 int . colin' office . wardour STREET . night . 155 it be late . colin stare at the number on the scrap of paper . the phone ring . he pick it up eagerly . operator you call to Los Angeles . we hear the crackle of the international line . he wait anxiously as the ringing continue . CUT to : 155a ext . los angele . marilyn' house . live room . day . 155 a establish the luxurious exterior of Marilyn 's comfortable brentwood house . CUT to : 156 int . los angele . marilyn' house . live room . 156 day . the room be large and tasteful - white sofa and cushion and deep rug . picture window look out onto the Hollywood hill . a white phone ring on the table . it ring continuously , insistently . it carry on ringing . no one come . hold on the jangling phone . each time it ring we think Marilyn might appear , but she never do . it carry on ringing , unanswer , in the empty room . as the picture fade we hear like a ghostly lament the sweet echo of Marilyn 's voice sing the sleep Prince waltz . my week with marilyn 119 . marilyn ( vo ) " I find a dream and lay in you arm the whole night through , I be yours no matter what other may say or do . be light of heart and fancy free , that 's the way to start , there will be nothing to lose till you lose you heart ... " the fragile voice hang in the air for a second , then slowly drift away to nothing . 157 int . colin' office . wardour STREET . night . 157 colin sit with the phone to he ear . the sound of Marilyn sing the sleep Prince waltz die away and we realise have be revisit it in he memory . he wait as long as he can but it be obvious no one be go to answer . in the end he put the receiver back in its cradle in resignation . his gaze drift up to a shelf stack with film can . he stand up and look through they , blow dust away ; they have be here for a long time , ignore . he find the one he be look for - it say simply mm on the can . he take the short reel of film and thread it through a movieola in the corner of the room . he turn it on and bend to look . the screen burst into life with a image of marilyn at she most vital and captivate . it be a copy of some rush from the Prince and the showgirl , perhaps give to Colin by olivier , or perhaps " borrow " as a souvenir and long since forget . we see marilyn dance happily , exaggerate off camera , look playful and sexy . she be radiant and full of life . after a moment she turn and look off camera - perhaps to where Colin himself would have be stand - and wink happily . blown up to the full size of the screen it be utterly sweet and charming . there be something so completely natural about the gesture colin feel he have be sweep back seven year in time and marilyn be stand in front of he again , in the flesh . it move and delight he ; perhaps he have never even really see this clip before . at any rate he have not think about it for year . it be marilyn as he will always remember she , relaxed , affectionate and vital , a part of she , however tiny , forever he . she smile , laugh at something , giggle in delight ( without sound ) . she say something to a unseen crew member , then look back , smile at the camera . my week with marilyn 120 . her face fill the screen . beautiful , timeless - happy . hold on the image for as long as we dare , then - fade to black . the end