mystic River by Brian helgeland base on the novel by Dennis lehane final draft note to student : this screenplay follow read / spec script format as outline Cole and haag 's the complete guide to Standard script format . please disregard element of the shoot script from the original scan screenplay ( " we , " camera angle , etc . ) lex williford fade in : we hear the hiss of Beer can pull tabs . one , then another . a burst of hard , sudden male laughter . superimpose : twenty-five year ago the heavy snap of zippo lighter . the burn of cigarettes be drag to life . sean's dad ( v.o. ) tiant 's pitching tonight . jimmy dad ( v.o. ) goddamn Cuban , man . he can hurl it . ext . east buckingham back yard -- day postage stamp size . clothes on the line . the sunlight cut by the cramped crowd of house . we be already pulling away from the back of two man . drink beer , smoking lucky and share a laugh . a 11 - year-old boy lean on a street hockey stick , watch they . jimmy marcus , unspent energy coiled tight in he chest . his friend sean devine step over , hold up a orange street hockey ball . young sean get it . Jimmy 's attention be fix on he and Sean 's father . young sean ( cont 'd ) hey , Jimmy . Sean punch he in the arm . as Jimmy look hard over , Sean wiggle the ball , raise he eyebrow . ext . devine house -- driveway -- day wearing a Red Sox cap , dave boyle stand eagerly before a makeshift chicken wire goalie net as Jimmy and Sean whack away at the orange ball with they street hockey stick . as it bounce toward Dave , he take a arcing swing at it . connect . the ball sail . young dave save ! Sean and Jimmy watch as the ball bounce into the street . young sean the sewer ... they charge off after it . gutter the ball roll , disappear down a storm drain . boom up to see the boy arrive too late to stop it . Jimmy and Sean look back at Dave bring up the rear . look guilty . young dave sorry , guy . ( smile ) guess I do not know my own strength . young jimmy yeah , Dave , that must be it . as Sean get down on he hand and knee to look down into the sewer , Jimmy look up and down the street . young jimmy ( cont 'd ) you know what would be cool ? young dave what ? young jimmy driving a car . Sean look up from the storm drain . young jimmy ( cont 'd ) you know . just around the block . young sean yeah ... young jimmy anyone on this street keep they key in they car ? Sean and Dave exchange a look . Jimmy 's crazy . young sean ( ( stand ) I steal a car , my dad will kill I . young jimmy just around the block . who say steal ? Sean shake he head " no . " Jimmy heave a sigh . Jimmy walk to where sawhorse have be set up . City crew have replace several square of sidewalk . yellow caution tape be tie to the sawhorse create a barricade . Jimmy snap the tape by walk right through it . Jimmy grab a stick and start to write he name . Sean and Dave step up , look over he shoulder , j-i -m -m-y . Jimmy look back over he shoulder . young jimmy ( cont 'd ) you dad kill you for write you name , too ? Sean take the stick , squat down . s-e-a - n. Jimmy smile . young jimmy ( cont 'd ) now it will be there forever . young dave I , too . forever . Dave take the stick , start he own name by the other two . d-a -- a little squeal as a car lurch to a stop across from they . a dark , plain plymouth . the driver get out . crewcut , white shirt and black tie , a gold badge and cuff clipped to he belt buckle . there 's another man in the passenger seat . hard to make out through the watery reflection of tree in the glass . hard to tell whether he 's wear a priest 's collar or a turtleneck . the kid look at the badge . the Driver crook a finger at they , wriggle it toward he cheat until they step over . driver let I ask you something . he look from the sidewalk to the stick in Dave 's hand . driver ( cont 'd ) you brat think it 's okay to destroy municipal property ? no answer . the Driver cup a hand behind he ear . driver ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? young dave no , sir . young sean no , sir . young jimmy no . driver no what ? young jimmy Sir ... driver you be the hard case of the group , huh ? a pack of punk , huh ? the Driver look at Sean . driver ( cont 'd ) you live around here ? not intimidate , Sean point at the house behind they . young sean right there . the Driver 's eye flicker up toward the house . for just a instant we see the fear and doubt in they . then , decide , he look hard at Dave . Dave be near tear . driver how ' bout you ? where do you live , son ? young dave rester Street . driver you mother home ? Dave start to cry . he nod . driver ( cont 'd ) we be go to go have a talk with she . tell she what she punk kid 's be up to . the Driver open the back door of the plymouth . driver ( cont 'd ) get in . Dave do not move , look at Jimmy . Sean lean out , notice the trash collect on the floor of the back seat . a strange , lose moment . the spell be break as the Driver slap he hand on the roof of the car . driver ( cont 'd ) get the fuck inside ! bawling , Dave climb in . the Driver point a finger at Jimmy and Sean . driver ( cont 'd ) go tell you mother what you have be up to . and do not let I catch you shit ruin my sidewalk again . the street go mute with the slamming of car door . and then the car be drive off . Dave look back at they out the window , he head darken by distance and shadow . and then he 's go . leave Sean and Jimmy behind . in the b.g. , voice , each more panicked than the last . voice # 1 ( v.0 . ) be not there three of you ? where 's Dave ? voice # 2 ( v.0 . ) the cop take Dave ? what cop ? voice # 3 ( v.0 . ) oh my God . oh my god. Dave . voice # 4 ( v.0 . ) damage goods . even if they find he alive , he will never be the same . ext . gannon STREET -- sidewalk -- day dinge and crack with twenty year of age . there be the name : Jimmy , Sean and d-a. forever . superimpose : present day come off the sidewalk to allow a man , wear a Red Sox cap , late 30 , walk down the sidewalk with a eight - year - old boy ( michael ) wear a little league uniform . dave ( man ) you take some good swing today . michael dad , I strike out . dave good swing though . that 's what count . michael I will never be a good ballplayer . dave hey , you be my son . me. Dave boyle , star shortstop of Don bosco High School 1978 to 1982 . you be go to be a great ballplayer . Michael 's not so sure . Dave see something ahead , point . dave ( cont 'd ) see that gutter drain ? I use to play on this street when I be a kid . that drain use to swallow every ball we have . they start walk again , Michael listen eagerly . dave ( cont 'd ) baseball , street hockey ball , pinkie . if we could get the manhole cover off , there would be a thousand ball down there . michael really ? let 's try . as they near it , Dave spot the sidewalk square with the name in it . his good mood shift a bit . flashback the Driver / cop slamm he palm on the hood of the plymouth . Young Dave blink back tear . Dave look at he son , finally answer ... dave maybe tomorrow . let 's get home before Mom start to worry . they continue . as Dave look back over he shoulder ... int . market -- jimmy marcus -- day forty year old . sitting at a small desk surround by shelve stock : cigarettes , corn flake , soda ... go over some order sheet , Jimmy 's lose in think . different from when he be a kid , this be a 1,000 yard stare . Beyond , through a half - open curtain , a cash register ring , a couple kid work behind the counter . one of the clerk , pete , 21 , step into the back . pete hey , Jimmy . Jimmy . he wave a hand in front of Jimmy 's face . pete ( cont 'd ) Earth to Mr. Marcus . Jimmy snap back to reality . jimmy what do you want now , Pete ? pete like I be Mr. needy all of a sudden . we be out of marlboros and winston be look grim . jimmy so ? pete so that 's lose profit . and more profit mean I get a raise . Pete grab a carton of cigarettes and head out . pete ( cont 'd ) if the surgeon General call , you be my alibi . as Pete exit , Jimmy try to focus on he order form . then katie be in the door look at he . nineteen , beautiful , Jimmy 's daughter . she smile as she watch he . he finally feel she eye on he . katie go out tonight with Eve and Diane . and it 's seven-thirty . jimmy do not be out late . it 's you sister 's first communion tomorrow . Christ , I sound like , I do not know ... katie someone 's father ? jimmy yeah . not mine , but somebody 's . she lean in , kiss he on the cheek . katie later , daddy . he watch she breeze out . finally ... jimmy later ... ext . cottage market -- day the bell tingles as Katie walk out the front door . humming to herself . in a great mood . she get into she car . ext . car Katie start the car , nearly scream as someone sit up from the back seat . then she recognize : katie Brendan . you scared the shit out of I . in the back seat brendan harris . nineteen , he love Katie Marcus like crazy . Brendan be a anthem for she . brendan sorry . but I do not want you dad to see I wait . katie he see you sneaking into my car , he will shoot you ... and they be kissing . like nineteen - year-old . brendan ( between breath ) what will he do if he see this ? katie shoot you -- then kill you . brendan it 's be six hour . I have to see you . as the passion increase , Katie suddenly break off . katie I be go to be late for Diane and Eve . brendan tomorrow . like we plan . katie tomorrow ... they kiss again . Brendan duck at the store bell . it 's a customer exite . brendan Drop I around the corner . Katie laugh , drive . as the car turn the corner , we look up to the tobin bridge . a gloomy old erector set span the mystic River . thumping with the pass car . ext . tobin bridge -- sunset southbound lane swarm with state police . the sight of a road-rage kill . absolutely senseless . handcuffed man he keep cut I off . he keep cut I off . sean devine be here , now a detective with the staty . grown up into a good-look adult . he look down at the tenement of faneuil Heights and the East bucky flat . he 's join by he partner , whitey power . whitey guy will not stop confess . we should pull a lawyer out of one of this b.m.w.s . Sean keep stare down over the rail . whitey ( cont 'd ) what ' cha look at ? sean my old neighborhood . a female trooper join they . her uniform not drab enough to hide how sexy she be . she stare straight at Sean . female trooper we be do , Sean , but I can stick around if you need anything . 10 . sean no . we be fine . female trooper a few of we be go to the can tab after . sean I do not think so , Jan . thanks . disappointed , she head off . whitey watch she ass . whitey the wife leave you , what , six month ago . sean so ? whitey so , Jenny coughlin there , Jenny with the bod ' , the voice , the cuff , the girl make gay guy reconsider they orientation . sean what 's you point ? whitey she be try to bed you and you do not even blink . sean I be marry , whitey . whitey you have not even talk to lauren in six month . sean she call all the time . whitey and do not speak . weirdest fuck thing I ever hear . Sean look back out at the neighborhood . sean one of this day the phone will ring and she will talk . I will pick it up and she will tell I why she leave . 11 . whitey maybe she 's wait for you to say something . int . mcgill's bar -- jukebox -- night where diane cestra drop a quarter in the slot . press D -3 , she look back and smile at she friend , eve pigeon and Katie Marcus . it 's " Brown eyed girl " as van morrison start : " hey where do we go ...? " bar Diane unsteadily rejoin she friend . a girl 's night out as they laugh , swig beer and sing - a- long with the music . further down bar Dave boyle sit hunch over a beer with a friend , watch the Red Sox game on the tv . dave come on . double play . at the sound of a cheer ( not for the Sox ) , the friend look back over he shoulder , nudge Dave in the rib . friend you believe that chick ? as Dave turn to follow he gaze ... Katie and Eve have climb onto the bar , dance on top of it . Katie the class of the two . some of the guy cheer , other watch with a sad yearn , know it 's not for they . Dave cock he head , watch Katie . smile to himself as she hair fall over she eye like a veil . friend ( cont 'd ) ai not that Jimmy Marcus 's girl ? dave yeah ... we close on Dave as he seem suddenly lose in the moment . dave ( cont 'd ) I remember when she be a kid . 12 . int . boyle apartment -- hallway -- night celeste boyle , 37 , in she nightgown , lean against the door frame , look in at she sleep son Michael . she look sad . at the click of the front door lock , she look up . front door Dave 's close it shut behind he when celeste step around the corner , concern still override anger . celeste Dave , it 's three in the morning . where have you be ? I be -- she stop short as she see there 's blood all over he . he stand there embarrassed , like he be ten year old . celeste ( cont 'd ) what happen ? dave I tuck up . the guy try to mug I , right ? so , so I swing on he . and he slice I . he clutches at he side . celeste see that it 's crimson . celeste ( step forward ) Jesus , Dave , you have to go to the hospital . dave no , no . it 's not that deep . it just ble like hell . int . boyle apartment -- kitchen -- night Dave , shirt off , hold he arm up , grimace as celeste dab hydrogen peroxide on a sweeping gash along he rib cage . dave I be walk to my car and this guy come up to I , ask for a light . I say I do not smoke . guy say neither do he . so my heart start clocking a buck fifty ' cause there 's no one around but I and he . 13 . celeste oh God . dave that 's when I see the knife and he say , " you wallet or you life , bitch . I be leave with one of them . , celeste that 's what he say ? dave yeah . so , so then I try to brush past he and that 's when he slice I . celeste , can I tell the fuck story ? she touch he cheek . celeste I be sorry , baby . he kiss she hand . dave I go fuck nut on he , babe . I go off . I bashed he head on the parking lot . I , I might have kill he , honey . celeste kill he ? Dave nod . he 's serious . celeste look at he . eye wide , face pale and sweaty . his breath start to get a little rag as he look back . he 's really scared . dave it make you feel alone . hurting someone . celeste but you have to . celeste embrace he . over she shoulder : dave it make you feel ... alien . celeste look at he , suddenly fill with strength . celeste baby , you hop in the shower . ( beat ) I will take care of you clothes . 14 . Dave 's not sure what that mean . neither be we . dave yeah ? celeste yeah . int . marcus house -- bedroom -- day Jimmy look tough even when he 's sleep . his wife annabeth snooze beside he . the bedside clock read : 6:02 . the phone start to ring . Jimmy answer , bleary . jimmy yeah ? pete ( v.o. ) ( over phone ) I be in the weed here at the store , Jimmy . I need some help . Jimmy look at the clock . jimmy you and Katie can not handle six , how you go to handle eight when the first church crowd come in ? pete ( v.0 . ) _ that 's the thing , Katie be not here . jimmy no? hold on . Jimmy roll to he foot . move with he as he walk down ... hall pete ( v.o. ) the Sunday paper 's still bundle , doughnut guy 's honk he horn . he look in she room . her bed be empty and make . jimmy I will be there in ten minute , Pete . call sal and see if he can make it by eight instead of ten . 15 . int . marcus house -- bedroom -- day Jimmy pull on he clothes . annabeth watch from bed . annabeth she no - show at work , what if she no - show at church ? jimmy I be sure she will make it . annabeth yeah . she 's go to screw up this day , too . jimmy what other day have she screw up lately ? annabeth put up she hand , do not want to fight . annabeth you get two other daughter . do not forget it . jimmy one hour . I will still be back before anyone get out of bed . int . cottage market -- day Jimmy arrive to a morning rush . folk come off the night shift : cop , nurse from St. Regina 's and a few work girl , all come off the same battlefield together . Pete look up , smile in relief as Jimmy take up a position by the cash register and lottery machine . Jimmy punch out ticket , ring up at the register . he also take the phone off the wall behind he , dial . jimmy ( into phone ) hey , Drew , it 's Jimmy . sorry to wake you , I be look for Katie . drew ( v.o. ) I think she 's here , yeah . lemme go check . hold on . Jimmy 's relieved . first time he even know he be worried . as he bag a sale , smile across at a customer . 16 . drew ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) sorry . it be Diane cestra sleep over . but no Katie . Eve say Katie drop they off at one . do not say where she be go . jimmy okay , man , I will track she down . drew she see anyone maybe ? jimmy nineteen - year-old girl , Drew ? who could keep a tally ? drew that 's the cold truth . as Jimmy hang up the phone , the bell over the door ring and the first Sunday mass crowd roll in . a shitload of blue hair old lady . Pete look over at Jimmy . pete welcome to hell ... as they surge toward the counter in a wave . ext . cottage market -- day as the blue hair exit , the cash register ding be replace by church bell ringing . int . cottage market -- back room -- day Jimmy pull another pot of coffee from the brewer . Pete appear from out front . pete I will take the hooker over the old lady any day . mind if I step out back and grab a smoke ? jimmy fuck , Pete , smoke the whole pack . 17 . int . cottage market -- day the bell ring . Jimmy look up as Brendan Harris and he little brother Silent Ray enter . Ray carry he street hockey stick , a blankness live in he face . Brendan clock Jimmy with a brief look of surprise before turn down a aisle . he talk to he brother with sign language . his brother 's hand fly back answer . jimmy ( frown ) help you , Brendan ? brendan uh , no , Mr. Marcus , just get some of that tea my mom like . jimmy Barry 's . next aisle over . brendan oh thanks . hand fly again as Brendan and Silent Ray move a aisle over . as Pete return from he smoke . jimmy what time 's sal get here ? pete any time now . Jimmy sigh , look out the front window . Brendan come to the counter with he tea . Pete step over . pete ( cont 'd ) that it , Brendan ? brendan and a Globe . while Jimmy be preoccupy and as Pete ring up the sale . brendan ( cont 'd ) so 's , ah , I think Katie work on Sunday . pete you sweet on my man 's daughter , Brendan ? 18 . brendan ( laugh ) no , no , no . I be just wonder , you know , because usually I see she here . brendan oh ... not too happy to pick up Jimmy 's attention , Brendan get he change and start out . brendan ( cont 'd ) Nice see you . come on , Ray . Ray , he back to he brother when he speak , turn and start after he . Jimmy stare after they as they go . pete can I ask you something , Jimmy ? jimmy shoot . pete why do you hate that kid so bad ? jimmy it 's not hate , man . but come on , do not you find that mute little fucker a little spooky ? pete not Silent Ray . Brendan . Jimmy look over at Pete . pete ( cont 'd ) Nice kid . use sign language with he brother even if he do not have to . it 's like , so he will not feel alone . but , Jimmy , you look at Brendan like you be two step from slice off he nose and feed it to he . jimmy no. really ? pete straight up . 19 . Jimmy look back out the window at the recede brother , hand fly . then old man sal cross the view , head for the store . Jimmy start untying he work apron . jimmy here come sal . about fuck time , too ... ext . east buckingham -- aerial view -- day the tenement , the tobin Bridge , beat - up baseball diamond and rusty playground . over it all , a 911 Operator answer a call : operator ( v.o. ) 9 - 1 - 1 , police service . what be the nature of you emergency ? boy ( v.o. ) there 's like this car with blood in it and , ah , the door 's open - operator ( v.o. ) what 's the location of the car ? boy ( v.o. ) uh , Sydney Street in the flat . by Pen Park . I and my friend find it . the aerial view pass over Pen Channel , the abandon drive - in screen on one side of the park and then Pen Park itself . a litter , depress site . operator ( v.o. ) Son , what 's you name ? boy ( v.o. ) ( to someone else ) he want to know she name . operator ( v.o. ) you name . what 's you name ? boy ( v.o. ) we be so fuck out of here . good luck . click . we have over the Sydney Street entrance to the park . there 's a car down there , door open , front tire against the curb . as we continue past it and into the mostly abandon house across the way ... 20 . patrolman ( v.o. ) dispatch , this be unit thirty - three . we be go to need a crime scene tech or two and you might want to notify homicide . dispatcher ( v.o. ) have you find a body , thirty - three ? over . patrolman ( v.o. ) no , but look of this car , we will find one sooner or later . ext . sydney STREET -- day Blue sawhorse stamp ° boston police department '' cordon off the scene . the crime scene service van be park further down . Sean devine pull up in a unmark , get out . he 's meet by he partner whitey . whitey hey , bad boy . this should be the city 's but ... ( point ) Park 's reservation land . State jurisdiction , not city . if the body 's in there , it 's we case . Police be already walk through the underbrush . sean ( wince ) how much evidence you think they have destroy so far ? as they start toward the car , one of the cop add local color as we hear he talk to he buddy . cop the parker Hill vic , right ? walk into the e.r. at m.g.h. on he own , steak knife stick out of he collarbone , ask the nurse where they keep the Coke machine round this bitch . whitey she tell he ? they all laugh , but Sean . it 's too goddamn early . 21 . sean what do we get on the car so far ? css tech we find the reg in the glove box . owner be Katherine Marcus . Sean react hard to the name . sean shit. whitey you know she ? sean maybe . might be the daughter of a guy I know . css tech we find a wallet and license ina backpack on the floor . she be nineteen . sean fuck . that 's she . whitey be it a problem ? you close with the guy ? Sean wave it off . he 's stay on the case . sean when we be kid . now ? just a hello around the neighborhood . whitey nineteen ... fuck , man . he 's in for a world of hurt . int . ST . cecilia' church -- on nadine marcus -- day her hand press together , dress in a white dress with a white veil . walk up the aisle in a procession of twenty other child . first communion . jimmy and annabeth stand with they other daughter , Sara . look back to watch they daughter come up the aisle . as nadine 's about to pass they , annabeth whisper : 22 . annabeth do not make she laugh . as nadine pass , she chance a look over at she father . he wave from he hip , wiggle he eyebrow . nadine smile huge . annabeth dig a elbow into he rib . jimmy what ? as she continue to the altar , Jimmy look back over he shoulder . really hope to see Katie arrive at the last minute . but she 's not go to make it . css tech ( v.o. ) door be ajar when we find it . headlights on . you get blood on the driver door speaker ... ext . abandoned car ( sydney STREET ) -- day Sean look the car over , put the initial crime together . css tech more blood on top of the steering wheel and around a bullet hole punch through the driver 's seat back at shoulder level . as more police arrive to search , Sean look at a fresh dent in the driver 's door , past to the weed , take a stab . sean perp stand outside the car . the Marcus girl slam he with the door . perp get a round off , hit she in the shoulder , maybe the biceps ? she run for it . ( point into park ) through that trample weed . int . ST . cecilia' -- day as nadine solemnly receive she first communion . annabeth , near tear , lean into Jimmy , whisper in he ear . annabeth we baby . my God , Jimmy , we baby . 23 . Jimmy put he arm around she , kiss the side of she head . as she lean into he a little more ... flashback --— cellar Young Dave curl up whimper on a pile of rag . look up in terror as a door bang open at the top of the stair . and as foot start ominously down ... dave boyle the man , waking up with a start in he bed . int . boyle apartment -- kitchen -- day Michael sit at the table eat cereal . celeste be at the counter flipping through the last of three different newspaper . she look up as Dave enter , yawn , just roll out of bed . he go to the refrigerator without a apparent care in the world . celeste Dave ... he look over , clock the look on she face . he step over . celeste ( low ) there 's nothing in the papers . I check three time . dave it be late . Real late . he kiss she forehead . she manage a smile . dave ( cont 'd ) Morning , mikey . you up for hit some whiffle ball ? int . pen park -- day a nylon triangle hang from a branch . just under a footbridge over Pen Channel . the css tech pinch it off with a pair of tweezers . it 's get blood on it . Sean and whitey crouch by the arch . there 's a woman 's shoe there along with several similar footprint . 24 . whitey I would say she might have hide here a bit . killer show and she bolt to the other side , take off run again . Sean look out to where the water in the channel widen out . sean better call some diver while we be at it . ext . ST . cecilia' -- day the kid flow outside through the front of the church , the adult follow behind . nadine spot she father , make a break for he . nadine daddy , daddy ! Jimmy scoops she in he arm . jimmy baby ! nadine this dress itches . jimmy it 's itching I and I be not even wear it . Jimmy look over he shoulder , smile at annabeth and Sara . they beam back . a moment of perfect happiness , until ... a state police cruiser slam around the corner of Buckingham Avenue . Jimmy whip around , match as it go wide into the leave lane of roseclair , rear tire slapping the median strip , siren slicing the morning air . it 's follow a instant later by a black unmark , cut the ninety - degree turn at forty mile a hour . two more cop car zip under the overpass , take the entrance road into Pen Park . Jimmy lower nadine to the ground . 25 . and he know , feel it in he blood with a sudden mean certainty , a sense of thing fall miserably into place . jimmy ( cont 'd ) Katie ... ext . roseclair entrance ( pen park ) -- day look like a riot wait room . cop , in the bush , cop at the sawhorse , cop everywhere . k-9 german shepherd be walk out of a van . the crowd of onlooker grow . Jimmy step up , be spot by ed deveau who 's open a bag of m& ms with he tooth . as a police helicopter buzy by . ed hey , Jimmy . jimmy what 's up , Ed ? ed they get Sydney block off , Crescent , all the way to dunboy . boo bear durkin say he see frogmen go into the Pen . why you all deck out ? ed ( cont 'd ) so what the hell you do here ? jimmy just curious I guess . Jimmy spot the clot of cop around a car , move laterally for a better view . he get it , see it 's Katie 's . Jimmy start forward , push through one end of the sawhorse , be almost there before two cop block he . as they babble official speak ... jimmy ( cont 'd ) that 's my daughter 's cart ext . wood ( pen park ) -- day Sean look for something , anything . whitey step over . 26 . whitey we get dog sniff something by the old drive - in screen . want to take a walk over ? Sean nod . his walkie - talkie surge to life . walkie ( v.o. ) trooper devine . sean ( into walkie ) yeah , go ahead . walkie ( v.o. ) we get a guy out on Sydney , say he 's the father of the girl . sean shit ... ( into walkie ) you get a psychologist on scene yet ? walkie ( v.o . ) en route . walkie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he 's ask for you , devine . say he know you . Sean look to whitey who just shrug . walkie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he 's not take no for a answer . and he 's get some guy with he . sean what guy ? cop scary-look guy . sean the Savage brother . christ. ( into walkie ) I be on my way . ext . roseclair entrance ( pen park ) -- day Jimmy 's there with three of the Savage brother : nick , val and Kevin . his brother - in-law . jail - yard stare and hair triggers . they shout across the barrier at the cop . 27 . val that 's we niece in there , you dumb prick piece of shit ! cop # 1 hey . we be do we job . val all due respect , the doughnut shop 's that way . Jimmy stand a little alone , watch . finally : jimmy Val , ease up ! nick. nickie . take Kevin and go to Drew pigeon' . talk to he daughter and she friend . Katie be out with they last night . nick ( nodd ) Kevin , let 's go ! jimmy and hey , this girl be friend . do not get hard on they , but get answer . as Nick and Kevin head off , Sean arrive , greeting Jimmy with as big a smile as he can muster . sean Jimmy , hey , man . jimmy be she in there , Sean ? sean we do not know . all we be do right now be look . val so let we in . we can help look . Sean do not even look at Val , just keep he eye on Jimmy . sean sorry . as soon as I know anything , you will know . jimmy that 's my daughter 's car . 28 . sean I know . I -- jimmy ( panic rise ) my daughter 's car . it 's get blood in it . they bring fuck dog in . why do you get dog look for my daughter , Sean ? sean because we be look . okay , Jimmy ? right now all she be be miss . okay ? as Jimmy nod , Sean 's walkie crackle to life right . radio ( v.o. ) trooper devine , we get something . sean say again . radio ( v.o . ) sergeant power say you need to get in here . uh , asap , like right now . sean you location ? radio ( v.o. ) the drive - in screen . and , man , it 's a fuck mess . Sean look back at Jimmy who 's just about come out of he skin . Sean look to the cop . sean do not let he through . as Sean hurry off , Jimmy step back alongside Val . jimmy you still get that bolt cutter in you trunk ? val guy 's gotta make a live , Jim . Jimmy go the other way , Val follow . 29 . int . boyle apartment -- kitchen -- day celeste wash dish , scrubbing away like it mean something . a portable tv on the counter . suddenly : the tv newsroom . tv anchor ( v.o. ) we interrupt to bring you a break story . a massive search be under way for a woman miss in the Buckingham flat . a news chopper Pov . the car and park and police below . celeste watch transfix , soap drip from she hand . tv anchor ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) all we know so far be that there be sign of foul play in a car find abandon outside Pen Park . Police have ... as the anchor drone , celeste go to the window , take a vertiginous look into the yard below . Dave be play ball with Michael . as they laugh and pal around , celeste look momentarily ill . ext . drive -in screen -- day step lead down to a door on the side of the screen . css flashbulb pop . whitey look in , jot note . a assistant medical examiner be down on he knee look at something . plus a platoon of uniform trooper and Boston PD blue . a baby -face cop stare away from the action , be comfort by he partner as Sean pass on he way in . baby-face I never see anything like it . man , this be ... this be ... Sean see the blood , already circle , on the step lead down . a path be make for he . as he reach the door , whitey look back , meet Sean 's gaze , look ten year older . Sean 's view widen as he see between the I and css tech . a body be scrunch there , the space between the wall no more than three foot wide . 30 . Katie Marcus sit with she back against the wall on the right , she foot push up hard on the wall to the leave . like a fetus in some horrific womb . a tear sock hang around she leave ankle , a simple black shoe with a flat heel be on she right foot . her jacket be tear , she pants mud-stain . blood be everywhere . like a red rain , it 's in she hair , dot she cheek , stain she clothes in red string . Katie 's knee be press to she chest , she right elbow propped on she right knee , a clench fist up by she ear try to keep some awful sound at bay . her eye be clench shut as tight as she fist . stop it , just stop it , the body say . stop it , please . Sean step in , crouch . whitey fill the space behind he . whitey that she ? as gently as he can , Sean use he forefinger to move back a heavy strand of hair . he look at Katie a moment . sean yeah ... whitey we will have the father do a positive at the morgue . medical examiner blood 's from a split on the crown of she head . she be beat with some kind of stick . but that do not kill she . she be shot a second time . look like a .38 . Sean have not really hear any of it . sean what the fuck be I go to tell he . hey guess what , Jimmy ? God say you owed another marker . he come to collect . sudden shout from outside , the k-9 dog bark like mad . Sean spring up . as he and whitey turn outside . 31 . drive -in screen eight uniform and two plainclothes converge on Jimmy and Val as they burst from the tree . Val go down snarling almost right away . but Jimmy 's too quick . he 's almost to the screen when he stumble . a young trooper , all head and high school tight - end , body - tackle he , land on top of he . as he pin Jimmy 's arm back ... sean hey ! hey ! it 's the father . just pull he back . as Sean turn back to the screen : jimmy Sean ! look at I , Sean ! Sean look back at he . Jimmy arch up under the young cop 's weight . another cop help hold he . jimmy ( cont 'd ) you find she ? be it she ? be it ? Sean be motionless . he hold Jimmy 's eye with he own , lock they until Jimmy 's surging stare see what Sean have just see . and he know it 's over , he worst fear realize . and Jimmy scream . Love and rage in equal quantity . it shred the bird from the tree . it echoes into the Pen Channel . ropes of spit shoot from he mouth . scream . Sean turn away , look back in at Katie . it 's awful . int . morgue -- hallway -- day Jimmy sit in a straight - back wooden chair . wait , head back , hand fold . he look up at footstep . annabeth be show in by a young officer . Jimmy rise . she 's still wear she lavender dress from the communion . she step into he arm , press she face into he chest . annabeth no one say anything . right ? jimmy what do you mean , baby ? 32 . annabeth you have not see she yet , right ? it might not be she , right ? Jimmy do not answer , do not know what to say . annabeth look up at he . desperate , wretch with hope . annabeth ( cont 'd ) Jimmy ... Jimmy , please . please . jimmy please what , honey ? what ? annabeth oh , please , Jimmy . no. no. sob , she crumble into he . int . morgue -- day push in on Katie . she lie on a metal table . her eye be close and she 's miss a shoe . Jimmy enter from the other way . Sean a step behind he . Jimmy stop short , open he mouth to speak , but nothing come out . Sean put a hand on the small of he back . jimmy yeah , that 's she . that 's Katie . that 's my daughter . int . morgue -- cafeteria -- day Sean sit across from Jimmy and annabeth . a beat of surreal silence before whitey arrive with four coffee . whitey Fresh -brew . sean we need to work a timeline . it 's the detail , the little thing that can make a case . thing you forget after a day or two . annabeth nod that she understand . Jimmy 's a little in shock . lose a moment , then he look to Sean . jimmy you ever think how one choice can change you life ? ( more ) 33. jimmy ( cont 'd ) I hear Hitler 's mother almost abort he but bail at the last minute . you know ? sean what do you mean , Jimmy ? jimmy say you or I get in that car instead of Dave boyle . whitey what car ? sean I be lose you here , Jimmy . jimmy if I would get in that car , life would be a different thing . my first wife , marita , Katie 's mother ? she be beautiful . regal . you know the way some Latin woman can be ? and she know it . you have to have ball to even go near she . and I do . eighteen year old , the two of we , and she be carry Katie . here 's the thing , Sean , if I have get in that car , I most likely would have end up a basket case . I never would have have the juice to ask out marita and we never would have have Katie . and Katie , then , would never have be murder . you see what I be say ? sean you ever see Dave around ? annabeth he marry my cousin . celeste . Sean nod again . whitey finally get thing on track . whitey what time do Katie get home from work yesterday ? annabeth around four-thirty . whitey anything unusual ? out of the ordinary about she ? 34 . annabeth no . she sit with I and the girl while we eat . she be have dinner with she friend . whitey check he pad . whitey Eve pigeon and Diane cestra ? annabeth ( nodd ) Katie talk to nadine about she Communion , then she be on the phone in she room a bit , and then , about eight , she leave . whitey do you know who she talk to ? annabeth no . whitey would you mind if we subpoena the phone company record to that line ? annabeth look over at Jimmy . jimmy no . go ahead . whitey Mr. Marcus , you spend a good part of Saturday with you daughter at the store , correct ? jimmy yes and no . I be mostly in back . whitey you remember anything odd ? a confrontation with a customer ? jimmy no . she be herself . she be happy . she -- whitey what ? jimmy no , nothing . 35 . whitey the littlest thing be something right now . jimmy when she be little , right after she mother have die , I have just get out of prison and I could never leave she alone . whether she end up cry or not , she would get this look . like she be prepare to never see you again . for a few second on Saturday , she look at I that way . whitey start to write this down . his shock jimmy ( cont 'd ) hey , it be just a look . whitey it 's info . I collect it until a few piece fit . Little thing . you say you be in prison ? whitey ( cont 'd ) I be just ask . jimmy sixteen year ago . two year at Deer Island for robbery . be that go to help you catch my daughter 's killer ? I mean , I be just ask . dissolve , Jimmy stare hard at whitey . sean okay , let 's forget it and get back to the point . okay ? jimmy the point . sean outside that look Katie give you , be there anything else ? Jimmy take he convict - in- the -yard stare off whitey , sip some coffee , do he genuine best to think . jimmy um , this kid ... no , that be this morning . 36 . sean what ? remember , little thing . jimmy Neighborhood , kid , Brendan Harris , come in this morning , ask if Katie be around , like he expect to see she . but they barely know each other . sean you be sure ? could they have be dating ? jimmy no. sean why be you so sure ? jimmy hey , Sean , what the fuck ? you be go to grill I ? a father know . whitey Mrs. Marcus ? who be she see ? annabeth no one right now . as far as we know . I mean ... know . the past / present tense be all it take . as annabeth fight back tear , Jimmy squeeze she hand . jimmy I will answer everything you get tomorrow , but we get to go . we get two girl wait at home wonder where they sister be . whitey there will be a trooper downstairs to drive you home . if you think of anything , give we a call . whitey hand Jimmy he card . Jimmy nod good - bye , help annabeth away . Sean and whitey watch as they head off . whitey ( cont 'd ) he say you almost get in some car when you be kid . what be that about ? 37 . sean we , shit , well , there be this car . I and Jimmy and a kid name Dave boyle be play in front of my house . and this car come up the street and take Dave away . whitey abduction ? sean guy pretend to be cop . convince Dave to get in the car . they have he for four day before he manage to get away . whitey they catch the guy ? sean one die , the other get bust about a year later and go the noose route in he cell . whitey you buddy , Marcus . moment I laid eye on he , I know he would do time . they never lose the tension , you know ? it settles in they shoulder . sean he just lose he daughter , man . maybe that 's what settle in he shoulder . whitey no . that 's in he stomach . notice how he keep grimace ? see it a million time . the shoulder , though , that 's prison . flashback -- cellar bulkhead as Young Dave desperately pound . try to get out . ext . tenderloin district -- night along the mystic River . Dave boyle walk , hand thrust in he pocket . prostitute blend in the shadow of doorway , lean into the window of idling car . some take a half -step in the streetlight to show Dave what they get . 38 . but he continue forward , not interested . last of all , a kid , a boy , fifteen at the most . lighting a smoke , he look up , smile around the cigarette . Dave stop . the kid 's eye suddenly widen in recognition and he bolt . Dave follow a few step , but the kid 's already disappear into the darkness . dave I just want to talk to you ! int . marcus house -- katie' room -- night two uniform troopers search . under the mattress , through drawer . we hear girl crying in the next room . they look up , embarrassed , as Jimmy look in . jimmy you guy almost do ? trooper # 1 almost , sir . jimmy find anything ? trooper # 1 her bankbook . do you know she close she account two day ago ? withdrew seven hundred dollar ? jimmy no . no I do not . as the trooper go back to work and Jimmy walk away ... ext . three -decker ( buckingham avenue ) -- night storefront shut down across the street . a rumbling stillness have take over the area . Jimmy step out on the porch of he three - decker . he sit on the step . close he eye , he lean back , listen , as the tear of annabeth and he daughter drift down . voice ( 0.s. ) Jimmy ... Jimmy do not hear it at first . 39 . voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hey , aim . Jimmy open he eye . stand at the bottom of the step be Dave . it take Jimmy a blink or two to recognize he . jimmy hey , Dave . dave I be not go to talk to you tonight , but I be out for a walk and see you sit here . jimmy it 's okay . dave so you know , I and celeste , the whole neighborhood , if you need anything , anything , we be here . jimmy appreciate it , Dave . a moment . Dave manage a little smile , a wave . dave I will leave you alone . as Dave start away . jimmy Dave ... Dave stop , look back hopefully . jimmy ( cont 'd ) you know how it be . irish family . Catholic . how it will be tomorrow . dave House full of people all day . jimmy yeah . all annabeth have be that ham - fisted brother of hers . if celeste could come over and give she a hand ... dave sure , Jimmy . you get it . Dave give another little wave , start on he way . 40 . int . state police barracks -- precinct room -- day Lieutenant friel stand before a room of eight detective . friel power , where be we so far ? whitey time of death roughly one - fifteen to one - thirty a.m. no sign of sexual assault . Cause of death most likely the gunshot wound to the back of the head , not the trauma from the beat she take . b.p.d. officer be on a house - to-house along Sydney to see if anyone hear anything . friel what else ? whitey we be wait on ballistic ... the lack of footprint piss I off . it rain . still , she leave some , but the perp ? nothing . friel what else ? whitey she and she friend be bar-hopp . four place . we be interview everyone might have see or talk to they . whitey ( cont 'd ) one other thing . backpack in she car have pamphlet on Las Vegas and a list of Vegas hotel . friel do not sound like much . ( look at Sean ) what do you say , devine ? sean we will get the guy , sir . friel nod , head out . whitey four year of college and that 's all you could come up with ? 4l . sean it make he happy , do not it ? int . marcus home -- kitchen -- day annabeth and celeste at the stove , cooking bacon and egg . neither talk , but they be happy for each other 's company . a hubbub of voice from the hallway , up which Jimmy walk . Jimmy trade smile with celeste , then look at annabeth . jimmy you need anything , baby ? I can work the stove a bit . annabeth shake she head , but do not look at he . annabeth no , I be fine . Jimmy look at celeste as if to say : be she ? celeste we get thing cover , Jimmy . celeste watch as Jimmy look at he wife . he reach , wipe a bead of sweat off annabeth 's cheek with he finger . annabeth do not . jimmy look at I . annabeth I can not . Jimmy , if I look at you I will lose it and I can not lose it with all this people here ... okay ? jimmy okay , baby , okay . annabeth I just do not want to lose it again . celeste wish she could crawl off , feel like she 's look at they naked , intimate before she . 42 . int . mrs . prior live room -- day a old lady , a busybody . she have one eye on the tv , the other on Sean and whitey . mrs . prior I hear a car hit something . sean hit what , mar 'am , another car ? mrs . prior oh no , not loud like that . whitey like hit the curb ? mrs . prior yes , maybe . and then it stall and someone say , 'hi . ' sean someone say , ' hi ' ? mrs . prior hi . and then there be a loud crack . sean do you ever look out the window , Mrs. Prior ? mrs. prior yes , maybe . no . I be in my dress gown by then . I do not stand in the window in my dress gown . sean the voice that say , ' hi , ' be it male or female ? mrs . prior female , I think . Sean look at whitey . sean sound like she know the shooter . 43. int . marcus house -- live room -- day a throng already gather . celeste come out to fill coffee cup . she look across the room at Dave who 's sandwich between some of the Savage brother . he see she , smile wanly . very out of he element . and celeste can feel he aloneness . as she smile back ... the doorbell ring . Jimmy get it . it 's he father - in - law , Theo savage , a case of beer on each shoulder . Theo Jimmy . jimmy theo . Jimmy take one of the case , as theo step inside . Theo how 's my daughter ? how 's annabeth hold up ? jimmy she 's try , theo . Theo ( be : beer ) let 's get this on ice . you get some cooler ? int . marcus house -- pantry -- day Jimmy shake a bag of ice into a beer cooler ; theo watch . Theo how you handle this so far ? Jimmy look up at theo , not really in the mood . jimmy have not really sink in , theo . Theo gonna hurt like hell when it do . when my Jane die ? I be no good for six month . but my kid be all grow up . I have that luxury . you , you get domestic responsibility ? 44 , jimmy domestic responsibility ? Theo yeah , you know , you gotta take care of my daughter and that little girl . they get to be you priority now . jimmy you figure that might slip my mind , theo ? Theo just need to be say be all . you will carry on . ' Cause you be a man . I say to annabeth , you wedding day , say you get yourself a real old school man there -- jimmy like they put she in a bag . Theo what 's that ? jimmy that 's what Katie look like when I see she in the morgue . like someone put she in a bag and then have beat the bag with pipe . Theo yeah , well , I , uh -- jimmy janey die in she sleep . all due respect and shit , but there you go . she go to bed and never wake up . peaceful . Theo you do not need to talk about janey -- jimmy my daughter though ? someone put a gun to she . she be murder . and right about now they will be start the autopsy . laying out scalpel and chest spreader . and you want to talk to I about my domestic fuck responsibility ? theo look down , shut up finally . 45 . int . pigeon house -- eve pigeon and diane cestra -- day crying , hold each other . Eve 's father look on , back behind Sean and whitey . father Eve , just tell they what they need to know . sean who be she dating ? eve we already tell the savage . sean the Savage brother ? eve they be here yesterday . whitey well , try we out , who be she dating ? diane no one special . Sean play a hunch . sean you guy have a good - bye dinner , do not you ? eve ( bust ) what ? sean she be leave town , be not she ? go to Las Vegas . diane how do you know ? sean she close she bankbook , have hotel phone number . eve she want out of this dump . she want to start a new life . 46 . at " life " they start cry again . sean a nineteen - year- old girl do not go to Vegas alone . who be she go with ? come on , Eve , who ? eve Brendan . sean Brendan Harris ? eve Brendan Harris . yeah . father just Ray 's kid ? the one with a mute for a bother ? Eve nod . whitey you get a address ? ext . marcus house -- back porch -- day Jimmy sit on the deck . sit by himself under the clothesline stretch across the porch . sit beneath the flap clothes . the sound of the wake drift out as he stare up at the sky . Dave step out . unaware of Jimmy , he step to the rail , light a cigarette . jimmy hey , Dave . dave ( turn ; surprised ) hey , Jimmy . sorry . come out for a smoke . jimmy no , no , man . sit down . Dave sit down alongside Jimmy , back to the siding . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I have not have a chance to talk to you all day . how you do ? 47 . dave how you do ? Jimmy shrug . he see that Dave 's right hand be swollen . jimmy what happen to you hand ? dave this ? I be help a buddy move a couch . slam it into the doorjamb . Jimmy tilt he head , look at the badly - scrape knuckle , the bruise flesh between the finger . dave ( cont 'd ) the way you can manage to hurt yourself , right ? Jimmy look into he face , forget he hand . jimmy it 's good to see you , man . dave yeah ? jimmy how be we girl hold up ? dave they be okay , I guess . jimmy celeste be a godsend . thank she for I , okay ? Dave nod . they sit there in silence a moment . jimmy ( cont 'd ) it 's nice . just sit here . dave yeah . Jimmy jerk a thumb over he shoulder . jimmy I could not take it anymore . try to find room in the fridge for all the food we be go to be throw out in a few day . 48 . dave it 's a lot of waste , huh ? jimmy but I can not let the thing that happen the next few day get fuck up . because then that 's all anyone will remember about she . because , Katie , man , one thing you could say about she since she be little , that girl be neat . Dave look like he 's go to cry out of sympathy . jimmy ( cont 'd ) that first night out of the joint , after marita die , I be more afraid of my little daughter than I ever be of be in prison . fuck ... Dave look pain as the tear roll down Jimmy 's cheek . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I love she the most , because when we sit in the kitchen that first night , we be the last two people on Earth . forgotten and unwanted . and , Dave , I swear , it 's start to piss I off . I have not cry yet for she . my own daughter and I can not even cry . fuck ... dave Jim ? jimmy yeah ? dave you be cry now . jimmy ( realize ) ) damn ... dave want I to leave you alone ? jimmy no , Dave . just sit here a minute if that 's cool . dave sure , Jim . that 's cool . 49 . int . apartment -- esther harris maybe the most miserable woman alive . she chain - smoke parliament , watch as Sean and whitey question she son . whitey when be the last time you see Katie Marcus ? brendan you do not think I hurt she , do you ? sean she be not hurt , Brendan , she 's dead . brendan I do not kill she . whitey so again , when 's the last time you see she ? brendan Friday night . about , like , eight or so ? whitey about like eight , Brendan , or at eight ? if it 's settle in Jimmy 's stomach , it 's settle in Brendan 's whole body . brendan about eight . we have a couple of slice at hi- fi . then she have to go meet Eve and Diane . Brendan look down . esther crush out she cigarette in a pile in the ashtray . something still burn , a thin stream of smoke , corkscrew up . as she light another . sean Brendan , Jimmy Marcus do not like you . why ? brendan I do not know . but he tell Katie he never want she see I or any other Harris . esther what ? that thief think he 's better than this family ? 50 . brendan he 's not a thief . esther he be a thief . scumbag burglar . daughter probably have the same bad gene . Count yourself lucky , brea . Brendan wither under the harsh word . whitey Katie have brochure for Las Vegas . we hear she be go there . with you . as esther roll she eye at the think , Brendan nod he head . yes . esther flinch . brendan we be go to leave today . get marry when we get there . Brendan wipe the tear before they can fall . brendan ( cont 'd ) I mean , that be the plan , right ? esther you be go to leave I ? without a word ? brendan ma , I -- esther just like you father . huh ? at that moment , the front door open and Silent Ray and he friend JOHN o'shea enter , skateboard under they arm . brendan this be my brother Ray and he friend John . whitey hey , boy . JOHN hey . Ray do not respond . 51 . esther he do not speak . Father could not shut up , but he son be a mute . oh , yeah , life 's fuck fair . Ray 's hand fly at Brendan and Brendan nod back . brendan yeah , they be here about Katie . go watch tv or something . as the boy ramble out . whitey where be you between twelve- thirty and two this morning ? brendan asleep . sean can you confirm that , Mrs. Harris ? esther I can confirm he close he door at ten and show up for breakfast at nine . I can not confirm he do not climb out the window and down the fire escape . Brendan just stare at the floor . whitey Brendan , we be go to ask you to take a polygraph . you up for that ? brendan ( nod ; then ) I love she so much . I , I will not ever feel that again . I mean , it do not happen twice , right ? he look up , pain in he eye you want to duck from . sean it do not happen once , most case . int . marcus house -- kitchen -- night it 's quiet . sound like the crowd be go . celeste tidy in the kitchen . busy work really . wiping down the toaster , wiping down already clean counter . I would rather be here than home work . 52 . Jimmy enter , be surprised to see she . jimmy celeste . celeste jump , nearly shout out . celeste sorry , Jimmy . you surprised I . jimmy what be you still do here ? jimmy ( cont 'd ) ( nodd ) I convinced she to take a pill . Girls be asleep , too . Jimmy 's in here for a reason . he pour himself a shot of whiskey . celeste watch he . with a wry smile . celeste could I get one of that ? jimmy for the road . then home . celeste I can stay over if you want . sit up with annabeth if she wake up . jimmy no . you have do enough . Jimmy hand she she shot , raise he . jimmy ( cont 'd ) to you and Dave . for be here for we . they knock back they shot . celeste set she glass down . celeste I will come by tomorrow . first thing . jimmy good night . as she head out , Jimmy pick up the bottle . about to pour another shot , decide not to . as he screw the cap back on -- 53 . int . sean's apartment -- night Sean sit on the sofa look through a shoe box of old photo . mostly he and he wife , lauren . but there 's a older , thicker Polaroid : he , Jimmy and Dave when they be kid . as he stare , bleed in the sound of kide laughing , the sound of a car rolling , stopping . the phone ring . sean hello ? no answer . a flash of a woman' hand on the other end . sean ( cont 'd ) oh Christ . say something , lauren . he wait , thumb a picture of he wife . finally : sean ( cont 'd ) I be tired of wishing thing make sense . tire of caring about one dead girl because there will be another one after she . and send killer to jail be just send they home . to the place they have be head all they dumb , pathetic life . and the dead be still dead . no response . Sean squeeze he eye shut . sean ( cont 'd ) Jesus , I can not do this tonight . I can not do it . he wait a few more second , can almost hear she breathe . sean ( cont 'd ) bye , baby . as he hang up ... int . boyle apartment -- michael boyle -- night in bed , under the cover , try to stay awake as he dad tell he a bedtime story . Dave sit on the edge of the bed , speak in a hushed tone . 54 . dave because sometimes the man be not a man at all . he be the boy . the boy who would escape from wolf . a animal of the dusk . invisible . Silent . live in a world other never see , a world of firefly . unseen except as a flare in the corner of you eye . vanish by the time you turn you head toward it . ' flashback -- wood Young Dave run through the tree . escape . look like a boy , but sounding like a animal . back to scene Dave look over at Michael who 's now fully asleep . Dave continue , softer now , even more to himself . dave I just need to get my head right . catch a nice long sleep and the boy will go back to he forest . back to he firefly . celeste be he asleep ? Dave look up , see celeste in the doorway . Dave nod , join celeste in ... hallway dave how 's Jimmy and everybody ? celeste okay . dave it 's weird , take something like this for I and he to become friend again . celeste there 's still nothing in the paper , Dave . dave about what ? 55 . celeste about what ? dave oh , I do not know , honey . maybe I do not hurt the guy as bad as I think . and he be a mugger ; he 's not go to the hospital . celeste right . okay . dave anyhow , it do not matter , do it ? I mean , Katie Marcus be dead , and that seem more important right now . celeste nod . she start to reach for he , stop . as she turn and disappear down the hall , Dave watch she go . ext . marcus house -- 3rd floor back porch -- night Jimmy sit under the clothesline , a pillow in he hand . as he breathes it in and out , we pan off he to ... the neighborhood spread out at night . light twinkle . sound be mute . and in the distance , the mystic River flow . and over it , we hear : katie ( v.0 . ) later , daddy ... and then ... jimmy ( v.o. ) I know in my soul I contribute to you death . I can feel it . but I do not know how . katie ( v.o. ) you will ... and as the camera close on the river ... dissolve to : 56 . whitey Brendan Harris ace he polygraph . four straight time . sean good . I do not like he for it or want he for it . whitey yeah , poor fuck kid . whitey start casting about he desk . whitey ( cont 'd ) ballistics should be in in a few hour . meanwhile , we get that list of bar patron . he find it , hand Sean a list of about 100 name . whitey ( cont 'd ) I be sure they be all just die to cooperate with the police . sean ( scan list ) consider the crime , maybe . whitey ( recognize Dave boyle ) the same guy you be friend with as a kid ? the car guy ? sean could be . whitey he would be a guy to talk to . he know you , will not treat we like cop , clam up for no good reason . ext . three -decker ( east buckingham ) -- day the door open and Dave start down the front step with Michael . he stop short as a black unmark pull up . Sean and whitey get out . Sean recognize dave. sean Dave boyle . what 's it be ? Seven , eight year ? 57 . dave hey , Sean . stepping forward , Sean shake he hand . Dave grimace . dave ( cont 'd ) this be my son . Michael . sean hey , Michael . I be Sean , a old buddy of you dad . michael hi. dave you still with the staties ? sean yeah . homicide now . actually , this be my partner . whitey sergeant power . how you do ? whitey stick out he hand . Dave shake it , again try not to wince . sean Dave , you get a minute , we would love to ask you a couple quick question . dave actually , I get to walk Michael to school , but I could be back in a few minute . sean tell you what , we will walk with you . dave uh , sure . they start walk . sean I hear rent be rise . sean ( cont 'd ) they cut my dad 's old house up into condo . 58 . dave I and Michael walk by there the other day . there 's get to be a way to stop they . friend of mine say the other day , Sean , he say , what this neighborhood need be a good fuck crime wave . that would send property value back where they belong . whitey Girls keep get murder in Pen Park , Mr. boyle ; you might get you wish . dave Dave . call I dave. michael you say the ' for ' word , dad . dave walk up on ahead , Michael . we guy have to talk . Michael sigh , take a few step ahead . dave ( cont 'd ) what 's up , Sean ? sean you hear about Katie Marcus ? dave yeah . I be at Jimmy 's all day yesterday . celeste 's there now . whitey who 's celeste ? dave my wife . sean how 's Jimmy do ? Dave 's get a bit frazzle with all the little question . dave hard to tell . you know he . sean the reason we come by -- 59 . dave I see she . Katie . I do not know if you know that . at mcgill 's . the night she die . sean well , yeah , Dave , that 's why we be here . they be at a couple of bar that night . you name show up on a list of people who be in mcgill 's . whitey we hear she and she friend put on quite a show . Dancing on the bar . they be pretty drunk , huh ? dave yeah , but it be harmless . they be not stripping or nothing . they be just , nineteen , you know ? sean what time do they leave ? dave I leave at one . they leave maybe fifteen minute before I . whitey so we will say twelve- forty - five ? dave sound about right . sean you see anything unusual that night ? anyone ? dave like what ? sean guy watch the girl ? guy with black hate in he eye ? woman hater ? dave no . if they have not dance on the bar , it would have be business as usual , you know ? Sean nod . they have reach the school . 60 . michael see you later , dad . dave get you milk money ? michael uh huh . Michael run off to join he friend . a odd moment as Dave watch the laugh , happy kid . sean God , I hate school . dave huh ? yeah , I , too . whitey I forget to ask , sir . where would you go after you leave mcgill 's ? dave uh , home . whitey Home by one - fifteen would you say ? dave roughly . sure . a almost embarrassed silence until ... sean good see you , Dave . grab a beer sometime ? dave yeah , Sean , I would like that . Sean and whitey start back down the sidewalk . Dave watch they go . Sean wave once over he shoulder and Dave find himself wave back even though Sean can not see he . ext . starbuck's -- day whitey and Sean exit with coffee . 61 . whitey starbuck 's . you believe this crap ? same as dunkin ' donut , except five time the price . as they sip , something else be really bother they . whitey ( cont 'd ) you take away money or love or hate as possible motive , you be not leave with much . sean if this Marcus thing be random , I mean , shit ... whitey tell I about it . but the old lady , Prior , she do not hear a scream . she hear a gunshot , and before that , a 'hi . which mean either the Marcus girl be pretty goddamn friendly or she know he . sean but she do not just stop . she turn into the curb . not too fast or she would have hop it . Foot come off the clutch , she stall . whitey she say hi , guy shoot she . sean she slam she door into he , make a run for it . whitey but what make she swerve without hit the brake ? sean something in the road . whitey maybe . look , Marcus girl could not have weigh more than one - ten . how hard could she have hit the guy to get a head start into the park ? sean either he be not back on he heel or , he do not weigh so much himself . 62 . whitey which explain the footprint . Three of hers . none of he . sean it do rain ... Brendan Harris could not be much more than one-fifty . whitey you honestly think that kid have it in he ? sean no. whitey you pal , Dave , though . he 's a slim guy . sean how would we get to he ? whitey we be get to he now . sean whitey , he 's just a guy who be in the bar . whitey the last place she go , Sean , the last place . there 's something wrong about that guy . ( beat ) do you see he hand ? sean yeah ... you seriously want to take a look at Dave boyle ? whitey just a little one . ext . reed & son funeral home -- day Jimmy get out of he car , walk around and pop the trunk . he pull out a dress wrap in plastic film . as he head for the entrance ... 63. int . reed & son funeral home -- office -- day one of the " son " sit across the desk from Jimmy . the dress be drape over the chair beside he . the Son fill out a form with a gold pen . Jimmy look far away . son I would suggest two set of visit hour . from three to five and then seven to nine . jimmy yeah , that 's fine . son good . have you think about flower ? jimmy I will call knopfler 's this afternoon . son good . and the notice ? jimmy the notice ? son yes . the obituary . we can take care of it if you will just give we the basic information . Jimmy reach out , straighten a fold in the dress . son ( cont 'd ) if you would prefer donation in lieu of flower , thing like that . I can -- jimmy ( look over ) where be she ? son who ? jimmy my daughter . son um , downstairs . in the basement . jimmy I would like to see she . 64 . the Son blink back at Jimmy , look a little unnerve . int . funeral home -- basement -- katie marcus -- day lie on a stainless steel table , a sheet pull up under she chin . her hair clean and comb , she face dust with makeup . eye close , but no longer clench tight . the Son stand in the doorway , shifting nervously as Jimmy step up , stand over he daughter . Jimmy get down on he haunch , he eye even with Katie 's face . he rest he chin on he forearm , look at he daughter a long moment . finally , softly , gently : jimmy I be go to kill he , Katie . I be go to find he before the police do and I be go to kill he . son do you say something , Mr. Marcus ? Jimmy answer without look back . jimmy the notice . it should read : ' Katherine Marcus , beloved daughter of James and marita , decease , stepdaughter of annabeth , and sister to Sara and nadine . as the gold pen fly in the Son 's hand ... ext . jimmy house / buckingham avenue -- day whitey and Sean get out of they car . at the same moment , Dave be exite . he stop short , force a smile . dave you guy again ? whitey 's smile be not as force . whitey we be like two bad penny . dave you drop in on Jimmy ? sean yeah . 65 . dave do you have some kind of , what , break in the case ? sean just pay we respects . where you off to ? dave annabeth get a craving for cigarettes . I be go to get some . see you in a minute . as Dave move past they , whitey do he best columbo . whitey what happen to you hand , by the way ? Dave stop short , manage a twisted grin . angle to include second floor window celeste look down on they , listen . dave huh ? oh , garbage disposal . it be jamme and I stick my hand down there . then it start up again . stupid , huh ? whitey painful . porch Dave nod , continue on he way . whitey and Sean watch he . whitey garbage disposal . bullshit . sean yeah , well , it do not mean he kill anybody either . come on . as they start up the stair ... celeste her breath start to come in heave . she look like a bird in a cage . 66 . int . marcus home -- entryway -- day as annabeth answer the door to reveal Sean and whitey . Sean hold out a cigarette , smile . sean Heard you could use one . annabeth ( take it ) thanks . Sean scrape he lighter to life . as she lean in : annabeth ( cont 'd ) I quit ten year ago . you believe this ? sean hey , whatever you need right now . annabeth yeah ... come in , I will get Jimmy . as they start down the hall , celeste be head out the other way . in a hurry . celeste get a couple errand I gotta run . be back in a hour or so . annabeth you do not have to come back , celeste . I will be fine . celeste you sure ? sean celeste boyle ? celeste uh , yeah . sean Sean devine . I be a friend of Dave 's . from way back . he stick out he hand . she shake it reluctantly . celeste Nice to meet you . well , I gotta go . 67 . she squeeze past down the hall , head for the door . annabeth bye-bye . celeste bye . and she 's out the door . as annabeth continue forward . sean damnit . whitey what ? a look pass between they . whitey ( cont 'd ) better go get it . as Sean head off after celeste ... ext . marcus home -- front porch -- day as celeste step out , Sean be right behind she . sean celeste ... she look back in pure terror . sean ( cont 'd ) could I ask you a quick question ? celeste I ? sean what time do Dave come home on Saturday night ? celeste what ? sean ( smile ) it 's a little thing . we need to run timeline on anything involve Katie . I be sure Dave tell you he see she at mcgill 's on Saturday night . 68 . celeste you think Dave kill Katie ? sean I do not say that , celeste . Hell , why would I even think it ? celeste try to laugh it off . celeste I do not know . sean we could figure what time she be on the road if we know what time Dave get home . that 's all . it 's five minute from mcgill 's to you place , Katie leave fifteen minute before Dave do . see what I mean ? celeste I be asleep . sean huh ? celeste Saturday night , when Dave get home . I be asleep . sean oh ... well , thanks anyway . as she hurry off ... int . marcus kitchen -- jimmy marcus -- day look as hard as we have see he look . jimmy bullshit . he 's sit at the kitchen table with annabeth and across from Sean and whitey . sean no . he be dating Katie , Jim . they be go to elope to Las Vegas . we find reservation under they name with United . 69 . whitey Brendan Harris confirm it . Jimmy shake he head , try to understand . annabeth remember what you say ? how she look at you for a few second on Saturday ? like she be prepare to never see you again ? Jimmy drill Sean with a look . jimmy do Brendan Harris kill my daughter ? sean no. jimmy you be a hundred percent positive ? sean he pass a poly with fly color . plus , he seem , to I , like he really love she . jimmy fuck ... sean Jimmy , I be just curious , man . why be you so dead set against the kid ? he say Katie tell he you would disown she if she ever date a Harris . jimmy I know he father . they call he ' just Ray . ' whitey why 's that ? jimmy there be so many guy name Ray in the neighborhood . crazy Ray bucheck , psycho Ray dorian . Ray Harris get stick with just Ray because all the cool nickname have be take . ( big sigh ) anyhow , we never get along too good . I flat - out do not like he . ( more ) 70 . jimmy ( cont 'd ) and then he cut out on he wife when she be pregnant with that mute kidof hers so , I do not know , I figure theapple do not fall far from the tree and I do not want Brendan or any other Harris see Katie or any other daughter I get . ( laugh ) I do not believe we be talk about just Ray Harris . whitey how about this , Mr. Marcus . we have be talk to witness , canvass people who might have be in the bar and we have run into more than a few people , who be question before we by one or more of the Savage brother . jimmy so ? sean so the Savage brother be not policeman , Jimmy . jimmy some people will not talk to the police . whitey just so we be clear , and with all due respect , this be we case . jimmy how long ? whitey how long what ? jimmy how long would you say till you put Katie 's killer in jail ? I need to know . whitey be you bargain with we ? jimmy bargain ? whitey be you give we a deadline ? ( off no answer ) we will speak for Katie , Mr. Marcus . if that 's okay ? 71 . jimmy find she killer , sergeant . I be not stand in you way . ext . / int . state police barracks -- day Sean and whitey head in , both feel the effect of a long day . we walk and talk they inside . whitey about the last thing we need right now be Marcus and the Savage brother put the fear of God into the neighborhood . sean that brother , man . we grow up terrify of they . eleven month apart . like they be run a loose cannon factory . they be interrupt by a lab tech . lab tech hey , guy , ballistic be in on the Marcus murder . sean yeah ? get a match ? lab tech uh huh . you be gonna fuck love it . int . state police barracks -- lab -- day a split-screen show the groove cut into two bullet . lab tech it 's a perfect match . gun be a .38 Smith . part of a lot steal from a gun dealer in New Hampshire in 1982 . the same gun that kill Katherine Marcus be use in a liquor store holdup in ' 84 . right in Buckingham . sean the flat ? lab tech Rome basin . place call looney liquor . I pull the file . it be a two -man job . ( more ) 72 . lab tech ( cont 'd ) they fire a warning shot into a wall . that 's where the bullet get pull . ext . pen channel -- night Ugly even in moonlight , the sluggish current lap toward the harbor lock . celeste sit in she car , park against the rotted piling , stare out across the channel at Pen Park beyond . East bucky rise like a landfill beyond , but celeste 's eye fall somewhere in - between . on the silhouette of the derelict drive - in movie screen . celeste 's eye be red . she 's be cry . and she look like she want to die . int . harris apartment -- bedroom -- night celeste be not the only one who 's desolate tonight . Brendan Harris sit on the floor , he back against the wall . he stare at the bulg suitcase stow just under he bed . he 's never go to Las Vegas now . least not with Katie . finally , he close he eye , drop he chin to he chest and rock a bit . something comforting in that . the door open as Silent Ray enter . wearing he rollerblade , use he hockey stick as a staff . as he wobble over and site on the bed , Brendan stand , wipe the tear from he face . Ray " sign " something to he brother . Ray " sign " again . Brendan get angry . brendan Mom say that ? that I be better off ? Ray " sign " something . Brendan get in he brother 's face . brendan ( cont 'd ) I love she . you know what that 's like ? huh ? Ray recoil , shake he head . Brendan turn away , ashamed . brendan ( cont 'd ) sorry ... 73. Ray tap on the bedpost so that Brendan will look back over . then he " sign " a final time . brendan ( cont 'd ) no , you be wrong . I will not feel it again . not ever . int . looney liquors -- night feisty lowell looney , about 80 year old , point up at a row of half - pint bottle behind the counter . lowell right there . go in through a bottle of Jack and stick right in that wall there . Sean and whitey stand across from he . sean scary , huh ? lowell scarier than a glass of milk maybe . sean ( smile ) take I through it . so this two guy ... lowell in rubber mask . come through there . lowell point back at a doorway cover by a black curtain . lowell ( cont 'd ) that 's the storeroom . there 's another door back there that lead to a load dock . I always keep it lock so they must have have a key . whitey a key ? you think it be a inside job ? lowell have to be . one of they , at least , work for I at some point . only reason they fire that warning round be because they must have know I keep this under the counter . lowell pull out a saw - off shotgun . 74 . sean and you tell the police that at the time ? lowell oh , sure . they go through my employment record . question everyone who use to work for I . never make a arrest . sean you still have that employment record ? lowell somewhere in a box in the back . but I can tell you who do it . sean yeah ? lowell guy I fire about two week before . sonuvabitch come in a few day after the robbery . have this fuck goddamn grin on he face . and I just know . but tell a grin to a jury , right ? sean you remember he name ? lowell I look senile to you ? name be Ray Harris . they use to call he just Ray . Sean and whitey look at each other . lowell ( cont 'd ) you say the same gun be use in another crime ? int . boyle apartment -- night as the door open and celeste come home . the television throbs from the other room as she enter ... the live room Dave 's on the couch , drink beer and watch a movie . he hear celeste enter the room behind , but do not look back . dave where you be ? 75 . celeste out ... what be you watch ? dave some vampire movie . guy just get he head tear off ... where would you go , celeste ? celeste be sit in my car by the channel . I just need to think , you know ? dave so what would you think about ? celeste oh , you know . dave not really , baby , no . celeste thing . the day , Katie be dead , poor Jimmy and annabeth , that thing . dave that thing . know what I be think about ? huh ? vampire . celeste want to run scream , but ... celeste what about they ? dave they be undead , but I think maybe there 's something beautiful about it . maybe one day you wake up and you forget . what it 's like to be human . maybe then it 's okay . celeste what the fuck be you talk about , Dave ? Dave look back at she , smile a dark smile . dave vampire , sweetie . Werewolves . celeste you be not make any sense . 76 . dave you think I kill Katie , celeste ? that the kind of sense we be make this day ? celeste ( look away ) I do not -- where would you come up with that ? dave you have barely look at I since you find out Katie be dead . in fact , you seem like you be repulse by I . celeste Dave ... dave what ? celeste I do not think anything . I be confuse . even you friend Sean -- dave he 's not my friend . case you have not figure that out yet . celeste he ask I about you . what time you get home . dave what do you tell he ? celeste I say I be asleep . dave good think , baby . celeste Christ , Dave ! just tell they about the mugger ! please ... dave the mugger . I see how you mind 's work . I do . I come home with blood on I the same night Katie 's murder . I must have kill she . 77 . celeste just look at he . horrify . and Dave start to laugh . laugh hysterically . celeste be horrify . she open she mouth to say something , but nothing come out . finally , as Dave 's laughter start to trail ... dave ( cont 'd ) ha-ha-ha . ha-ha ... Henry . celeste what ? Henry ? dave Henry and George , celeste . I never tell anyone before , but that be they name . be not that fuck hilarious ? at least that 's what they call themselves . but they be wolf and Dave , Dave be the boy who escape from wolf . celeste what be you talk about ? dave I be talk Henry and George . they take I for a four- day ride . and they bury I in this ratty old cellar with a sleep bag , and , man , celeste , do they have they fun . and no one come to help old Dave then . Dave have to pretend to be someone else . celeste you mean all that year ago ? when you be a boy ? ( touch he ) Dave ... Dave jerk away from she touch . dave Dave 's dead . I do not know who come out of that cellar , but it sure as shit be not Dave ! ( calm ) the thing be , it 's like vampire , once it 's in you , it stay . celeste what stay ? 78 . dave do you know there be child prostitute in Rome basin ? celeste what ? dave I can not trust my mind anymore , celeste . I be warning you . I can not trust my mind . it 's official : celeste have never be more afraid in she whole life . dave ( cont 'd ) I be go out . I just need to get my head around it . celeste okay ... and then he go . hold on celeste . as the front door click shut , it might as well be a gunshot . ext . police barracks -- parking lot -- night as they pull up across from Sean 's car . another long day by the board . sean I just think the gun send we in a different direction . whitey I do not see it that way . sean what do just Ray Harris 's gun have to do with Dave boyle ? whitey you know how this thing get pass around . just Ray Harris may have blow town , but he gun never do . sean I say we talk to Brendan Harris again . first thing in the morning . whitey and I say Dave boyle . the hand story ? huh ? and the wife 's definitely scared . 79 . sean they be hide something , but Dave 's about as much a killer as I guess Brendan Harris be . whitey boyle fit the profile a fuck T. White , mid-30a , marginally employ , sexually abuse as a kid . you serious ? on paper the guy should be in jail already . sean no , Katie Marcus be not sexually abuse . in that equation , sexual emission be part of the deal . whitey you be friend when you be kid . you be a fuck liability . Sean take offense . sean he 's not my friend . turn out you be right ? I will have my cuff off my hip faster than yours . ext . marcus house -- night Jimmy sit on the front porch , think . he look up at someone walk down the sidewalk . it 's Dave . dave hey , Jimmy . jimmy you be out late . dave you , too . Jimmy nod . it be what it be . Dave lean against the porch , look about . dave ( cont 'd ) Nice night , huh ? the word 80 . jimmy I guess ... I start sit out here the last few year . wait for Katie to come home , you know ? it would get to be midnight and I would tell annabeth ' I think I will go sit on the porch for awhile . weird thing be , it always seem to bring she home . sit out there for a beat . dave I see she , you know . jimmy hmm ? dave Katie . I be at mcgill 's Saturday night ? jimmy you see Katie Saturday night ? dave ( nod ) never get around to tell you . Jimmy 's eager for some final word on he daughter . jimmy you talk to she ? dave no . I just nodd hello at one point . next time I look up she be go . jimmy ( disappointed ) oh ... dave she look ... happy . Jimmy nod , wipe a unexpected tear from he eye . dave ( cont 'd ) get some more walk to do . good night . jimmy yeah ... 81 . Dave continue on he way . int . state police barracks -- homicide pen -- day incredulity as Sean stare at whitey . sean you steal he car ? whitey ( smile ) his car be officially tow . sean from the front of he house ? whitey oh no . the car be find abandon in Rome basin along the parkway . lucky for we the parkway 's state jurisdiction . some kid must have jack it , take it for a joyride . get angry , Sean lower he voice . sean why would you do it ? whitey after I drop you off last night , I decide to talk to boyle myself . put a little fear in he . when I get to the house , I look in he car , just to see what he have in there . Sean 's shaking he head , not really listen until : whitey ( cont 'd ) I find blood . sean what ? sean ( cont 'd ) how much ? whitey a bit . found more in the trunk . a lot more . type o. same as Katie marcus. 82 . sean wait a minute . Katie Marcus never get in anyone 's trunk . she stall she car , get chase through the park until she die in the park . whitey I think it 's enough to ask the man a few question . sean for what ? you search of the car 's go to get toss out . whitey no. stolen and abandon in state jurisdiction . for insurance purpose and in the best interest of the owner -- sean you do a physical search and file a report . whitey bingo . now do you want to talk to he or should I send he home ? sean Dave 's here ? whitey be sit in the box for a hour . I have two of my ugliest trooper pick he up first thing . Hand slamm down on plymouth roof . fist pound on bulkhead . foot on the cellar step . bang ! bang ! interrogation room -- day Dave sit look hang -over , annoyed and piss at Sean in particular . Sean lean back by the door . whitey sit in the other chair across from Dave . whitey look , Mr. boyle , we know you do not get that swollen hand stick it down a garbage disposal . 83. dave yeah ? how do you know that ? whitey why 's you wife act like she 's afraid of you ? huh ? she know what really happen to you hand ? this be a cooler , tougher Dave than we have see before . dave how about a sprite or something ? whitey tell we what really happen Saturday night , Mr. boyle . dave I already do . whitey you lie . dave ( shrug ) you opinion . which I guess you be entitle to . whitey you think this be funny ? dave no I do not . I be tired , I be hang -over , and not only be my car steal , but now you be tell I you will not release it to I . whitey tell we how the blood get in you car . dave what blood ? whitey let 's start with the front seat . Dave finally look a little rattle . he look to Sean . dave you think I could get that sprite , Sean ? sean sure. 84 . as Sean reach for the door , Dave smile . dave I get it . you be the good cop . how about a meatball sub while you be at it ? any sign of be rattle be go . be Dave play they ? Sean let go of the doorknob , lean back to where he be . sean ai not you bitch , Dave . look like you will have to wait . dave you be somebody 's bitch , though . be not you , Sean ? there 's a crazy leer in Dave 's eye , a preen cockiness . sean the blood on you front seat , Dave . answer the sergeant . dave we get a chain - link fence in we back yard . I and my kid play whiffle ball every afternoon after school and he 's get pretty good . most of the ball be on the other side of the fence . so I climb it . except I slip on the top and slice myself where the link curl in . ( pat he rib ) right here . bled like hell . ten minute later , I have to pick up Michael . it be probably still bleed when I get in the seat . best I can figure . whitey and what blood type be you ? dave B negative . whitey ( smile ) hey , that 's the match we get . dave well , there you go . 85 . whitey not quite . the blood in the trunk be not B negative . dave I do not know anything about any blood in my trunk . whitey no idea how a half pint of blood get in you trunk ? dave none . sean this be not the way you want to go , Dave . whitey how 's it go to look in court ? you do not know how someone else 's blood get in you trunk . dave Fine , I suppose . you file the report . whitey what report ? dave the steal car report . whitey and Sean both get the same sink feel . dave ( cont 'd ) the car be not in my possession last night . whatever the car thief use it for , you should find out . because it sound like they be up to no good . a long silence . whitey 's fuck . Sean look at the floor , shake he head ever so slightly . dave ( cont 'd ) thing look any better on that sprite ? int . interrogation -- side room -- two way mirror -- day Sean and whitey now on this side . Dave still sit on the other . 86 . sean you get too fuck smart . car 's inadmissible . his lawyer can say anything in it be put there by the car thief . whitey I can break he . sean break he ? he just kick we ass in there . whitey yeah . but you still think old buddy Dave would not hurt a fly ? a moment as they both think . sean it 's the gun , whitey . we bust this open on that gun . whitey maybe . okay . Sean look through the two - way at Dave . sean what about Dave ? whitey fuck it . kick he loose . ext . headstone lot ( adjacent to cemetery ) -- day Jimmy walk down a row of headstone , the salesman a respectful two step behind . salesman maybe a celtic cross . that 's a popular choice . Jimmy finally stop before one that be simple and white . jimmy that one . salesman very good . Nice and simple . as the salesman jot down some info , Val Savage arrive . 87 . val hey , Jimmy . Jimmy turn to see he . they step away from the salesman . val ( cont 'd ) be out ask around , like you say to . jimmy thanks , man . Jimmy tap he fist into Val 's . Val tap back . val it be not ' cause you do two year for I , Jim . and it be not ' cause I miss you brain run thing , either . Katie be my niece , man . jimmy I know . val maybe not by birth or nothing , but I love she . jimmy I know , man . what 's up ? val cop be all over this . do they job for once . they be smother the bar , street trade , everything . every hooker I have talk to , every bartender , they have already be question . I mean , the law have descend . jimmy what about just Ray 's kid ? you find out anything there ? val kid 's a mouse by all account . no trouble to anyone . Eve and Diane say he love she , Jim . Said she love he . Jimmy stew on this a moment . val ( cont 'd ) want I to take a run at he ? jimmy no , no , Val . hold off for the time be . anything else ? Val hesitates , hold something back . Val wait Jimmy 's eye narrow , then he look out at the cemetery beyond . jimmy ( cont 'd ) what ? val huh ? jimmy you want to spit something . what be it ? val I hear Sean and he fat-head partner go by Dave boyle 's . jimmy Dave be at mcgill 's that night . they probably question he like everyone else . a beat . that 's not it . val I hear something else . this morning . jimmy yeah ? val two staties come by . in uniform . jimmy probably forget to ask he something . val no . they take Dave with they when they leave . they put he in the back seat . now what I mean ? int . homicide pen -- day 88 . Sean and whitey have a bunch of yellow , old file spread across Sean 's desk . whitey read from a probation report . 89 . whitey Raymond Matthew Harris . bear nine-six - 1957 . 1981 take a job with the m.b.t.a . first child , Brendan seamus bear in 1983 . same year just Ray be indicted in a scam to embezzle subway token . charge drop , but he 's fire . worked odd job after that , include clerk at looney liquor . question in that robbery , question in another , same year ; blanchard liquor in middlesex County . released on lack of evidence . sean beginning to become know though . whitey he 's get popular . a know associate , one Edmund reese , finger Raymond in the 1985 heist of a rare comic book collection . sean comic book ? you go , Raymond . whitey a hundred fifty thousand dollar worth of comic book . sean oh , excuse I . whitey Raymond return say literature unharme . do a year solid inside . come out of prison with a wee chemical dependency problem . sean but get honest work to support the habit , right ? whitey apparently not . picked up by a joint Major crime unit / f.b.i. sting for trafficking steal goods across state line . stole a truckload of cigarettes . sean we boy 's get style . 90 . whitey he 's get a boatload of grief , too . stole the truck in rhode Island , drive it into Massachusetts . sean hence the federal interstate rap . whitey hence , they get he by the ball . ( flip page ) but he do no time . not a day . sean he roll on someone . whitey look that way . after that , nothing . he 's clean . until August 1989 . poof , he disappear . they consider it all a beat . sean one , he 's dead . two , he 's in Witness Protection . whitey Three , he go deep underground then just pop back in the neighborhood to kill he son 's 19 - year - old girlfriend . I mean , come on . we get nothing . sean we get a guy who be a prime suspect in a robbery eighteen year ago during which the murder weapon be use . guy 's son date the victim . I would say we get a lot . whitey flip through the file . Sean realize something . sean ( cont 'd ) anything in there about just Ray 's know associate ? whitey flip , look , find it . whitey known criminal associate . reginald ' dukie ' Neil , Kevin ' whackjob ' sirraci , Nicholas Savage , hmmm , Anthony Waxman . whitey suddenly look up . and Sean know it 's here . 91 . whitey ( cont 'd ) and one James Marcus . sean and the hit just keep come . int . FBI office ( boston ) -- day Sean and whitey look up as 58 - year - old agent burden enter . burden you guy look for I ? sean I be Sean devine , this be whitey power . they all shake hand . burden what 's up ? I already get to get back . sean you work a task force with Major crime in the ' 80s . burden a bunch of they . sean you take down a small -timer . Ray Harris . stole a truck full of cigarettes from a rest stop in Cranston , rhode Island . burden trucker go to take a piss . the Harris guy jack the truck . I think we pull he over in New bedford . sean but Harris walk . burden he do not walk . he roll . Boston Police 's anti-gang unit step in to get info on another case . he roll for they . whitey on who ? 92 . burden what the fuck be the name ? ( try to remember ) him and three other guy knock off the m.b.t.a. count room . sixty grand ... Jimmy Marcus . kid be like nineteen or twenty . slick as hell , man . ran a crew , never get arrest . sean do Ray Harris testify in open court ? burden never make it to court . Marcus dummy up on who he would be work with . d.a. be afraid he might not be able to convict . so he cut a deal for two year inside , couple more suspend . sean so Jimmy Marcus never know Ray Harris ratted he out ? burden look at the two of they a beat , smile . burden Ray Harris vanish from the face of the earth two month after Marcus rotate back into the free world . what do that tell you ? ext . marcus house -- day celeste . pace the sidewalk up from Jimmy 's house . she stop , watch as Val 's car pull up and he and Jimmy get out . as they near the front step , she hurry forward . celeste hey , Jimmy ! Val ! val hey , cuz . she look nervous as hell . Val and Jimmy exchange a look . celeste Jimmy , could I talk to you a sec ? jimmy sure. ( to Val ) catch up with you in a minute . 93 . celeste manage a smile back as Val disappear inside . jimmy ( cont 'd ) here . step into my office . Jimmy sit on the porch step . she sit beside he . Jimmy watch she a moment , wait . but she 's all bottled up . jimmy ( cont 'd ) beautiful day , huh ? that 's almost enough to send she over . her lip tremble . she turn she head away to wipe a tear . jimmy ( cont 'd ) whatever it be , celeste . it 's okay . celeste I take Michael and spend last night at a motel . jimmy okay ... celeste I do not know , Jim . I may have leave Dave for good . jimmy ( monotone ) you leave Dave . celeste yeah , well , he 's be act nut lately . I be , I be almost afraid of he . she look at Jimmy , see a knowledge in he . celeste ( cont 'd ) ( tremble ) do you know something ? jimmy I know he be take by the cop this morning . I know he see Katie the night she die , but do not tell I till after the police have question he about it . I know he hand look like he 's be punch a wall with it . ( beat ) anything else I should know ? 94 , celeste take a deep breath . celeste at three in the morning on Sunday , Dave come back to we apartment cover in someone 's else 's blood . that word kill the noise along the avenue , stop the breeze . right now they be the only two people on Earth . jimmy what do he say happen ? celeste that he be mug . that he bashed the mugger 's head on the street . that he might have kill he . but there be nothing in the paper . tear start to run down she face . she press she forehead to Jimmy 's chest . finally , gently , Jimmy push she back . so he can look in she eye . jimmy celeste . celeste yes . jimmy do you think Dave kill Katie ? celeste look about . finally , unable to verbally form the damn response , she finally just nod she head . yes . int . homicide pen -- sean's desk -- day Brendan sit across from Sean and whitey . he look confuse , tired and scared . sean tell I about you father , Brendan . brendan what ? sean you father . Raymond senior . you remember he . 95 . sean so you do not remember the guy ? brendan I remember little thing . he smell like schlitz and dentyne . he ... a small smile slide softly across Brendan 's face . sean he what , Brendan ? brendan carry a lot of change in he pocket . it jingle when he walk . you could hear he when he come home . and if I could guess how much he have , if I be even close , he would give it to I . sean what about a gun ? you remember you father have a gun ? brendan what ? no . sean you seem awful sure for someone who be only six when he leave . a detective come in , set a cardboard box on Sean 's desk . sean ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? detective what you ask for . C.S.S. report , ballistic , fingerprint analysis , the 911 tape , a bunch of stuff . sean thanks . as he move off ... whitey we be talk about you father 's gun . 96 . brendan I tell you , my father do not have a gun . sean I guess we be misinform . you talk to you father much ? brendan never . Said he be go out for a drink and he never come back . Brendan look like he 's in pain . sean you mother never file a miss person report . how come ? brendan because he be not miss . he send money every month . Sean and whitey exchange a surprised look . whitey he send money ? brendan five hundred dollar , every month . like clockwork . whitey from where ? brendan postmark say Brooklyn . whitey pick up a pad of paper , start to scribble . sean how do you know it 's he ? brendan who else would send it ? my mom say that 's how he be . do something shitty then try to make up for it . whitey hand Sean the pad . it 's year time month time $ 500 . the underline answer be $ 80,000 . brendan ( cont 'd ) why you ask I if my father have a gun ? 97 . sean you know why , kid . brendan no , I do not . sean the gun that kill you girlfriend be the same gun you father use in a robbery eighteen year ago . something dark start work through Brendan 's brain . some new and sudden knowledge . Sean see it . sean ( cont 'd ) you want to tell I about it ? brendan my father do not have a gun . Sean slap the desktop , jerk whitey to attention . sean you be fuck lie ! but Brendan do not react . he 's go somewhere else . somewhere grim and hard . brendan can I go now ? or be you gonna charge I with Katie 's murder ? ext . crescent avenue -- dave boyle -- day walk down Crescent Avenue . a car pull alongside ... flashback -— plymouth pull up across from Young Dave before he can finish write he name in the sidewalk . back to scene Val Savage at the wheel . Dave 's new best friend . val dandy Dave boyle , how they hang , brother ? Dave squat down to see Val eye- to-eye . 98 . dave hey , Val ? what be you up to ? val I be starve . be look for someone to grab a bite to eat with , maybe a beer ? dave yeah ? val what do you say ? how about a boy 's night out in the middle of the day ? we will hit a place I know across town . dave I will have to get home at some point . val do not we all . come on , hop in . dave ( smile ) first round 's mine . val now you be talk ! and for the second time in he life , Dave get inside a car he should not . as Val gun it away ... int . sean's desk -- day Brendan 's go . Sean and whitey be bleary , have huffed and puffed through the content of the cardboard box . sean the kid be lie about the gun . do not you think ? whitey absolutely . told you three time already . what about the father ? what do you think about he ? sean I think , just possibly now , that just Ray be still alive . whitey eighty grand . who 's go to send that if it 's not the father ? 99 , Sean stick he head in he hand , groan in frustration . whitey ( cont 'd ) go home . have a drink . let it go for awhile . sean yeah , right . Sean look into the box . all that 's leave be a cassette tape . he pull it out . sean ( cont 'd ) anything good on the 9 - 1 - 1 call ? whitey think you listen to it . Sean sigh , stick the tape into a player on he desk . operator ( v.o. ) 9 - 1 - 1 , police service . what be the nature of you emergency ? boy ( v.o. ) there 's like this car with blood in it and , ah , the door 's open -- operator ( v.o. ) what 's the location of the car ? boy ( v.o. ) uh , Sydney Street in the flat . by Pen Park . I and my friend find it . operator ( v.o. ) Son , what 's you name ? boy ( v.o. ) ( to someone else ) he want to know she name . operator ( v.o. ) you name . what 's you name ? boy ( v.o. ) we be so fuck out of here . good luck . the connection break . Sean turn off the tape machine . sean well , that break the case wide open . 100 . whitey let 's at least get a burger . Sean nod . stand , he grab he Glock and holster out of he top drawer . they start out ; Sean freeze . sean her . whitey what ? sean the kid on the tape . Sean hit rewind , play . operator ( v.o. ) Son , what 's you name ? boy ( v.o. ) he want to know she name . sean he say , ‘her name . ' whitey right . Dead girl , you refer to she as a she . sean but how do the kid know that ? she would dead in the park . how do he know the blood in the car come from a woman . whitey play it again . int . bar ( chelsea ) -- sunset a dive back up against the river . a few old - timer , a few pool table . Dave and Val sit in a booth . there be four empty shot glass and a nearly empty pitcher of beer . val this one time back in the day , right ? we take off this stamp collector . Rob he , tie he up and go . I , my brother Nick and this kid carson leverett who could not tie he own fuck shoe if you do not show he . 101 . Dave laugh ; this be really funny . val ( cont 'd ) so we be come down the elevator and we be wear suit so we fit in . and this old lady get on and start freaking out . so I turn to Nick and he 's look at carson because the fuck bonehead 's still get he Ronald Reagan mask on . dave and you guy do not notice ? val Little shit like that happen on job all the time . that 's why Jimmy be so miss . he see the whole field , man . dave why do you think be go straight ? val one word pure and simple ... Katie . dave what about you ? val I like the night too much . Day 's just something you sleep through . another shot ? dave I should slow down . till we eat . val come on , do not go pussy on I . before Dave can answer , Val be on he way to the bar . a pass headlight flash white in Dave 's face . as he blink , a silhouette come through the door . as the door shut and Dave 's vision clear , he realize it 's Jimmy . Jimmy nod at Dave and then go to Val at the bar . say something in he ear . Val look back at Dave and nod . the two of they head over carry three shot and a bottle . Jimmy sit in across from Dave while Val slide next to he . jimmy how 's it go ? 102 . dave I be a little drunk . you gain some weight ? you look bigger . Jimmy smile , pass out the shot . jimmy to we child . they down the shot . Jimmy immediately pour another round . val I always like this bar . jimmy yeah . no one bother you . val that 's important . no one bother you in this life . no one fuck with you or you love one . right , Dave ? dave absolutely . it 's the funniest thing Val ever hear . val this guy 's a hoot . he can get you go . Jimmy smile at Dave , but it 's pure frost . jimmy yeah ? val oh yeah . my man , Dave . int . harris apartment -- kitchen -- night seethe purpose , Brendan enter , pull a kitchen chair over to the butler 's pantry . stand on the chair , he look up a beat at the slatted ceiling . he reach up and press with he right palm . a section of slat lift up and away revealing a open in the ceiling . Brendan look up a beat , reach into the black . 103 . insert -- hiding place Brendan 's hand look like it 's play a imaginary keyboard as it bounce and grope in the dust and wood chip for something that be not there . his father 's gun . brendan as he realize he 's not go to find it . brendan no ... he return the slat to its place , step off the chair . he bring the chair back to the kitchen table and site down on it . sit down so he 's face the door in the center of the apartment . and as Brendan wait .. int . bar ( chelsea ) -- night Dave 's have trouble focus . Jimmy and Val seem like they have forget he 's here . val remember we take Ray Harris here that one time ? jimmy sure . good old Ray . val he be a hoot , too . most people call he ' just Ray , ' but I call he Ray jingle . as Dave try to concentrate , Val lean into he . val ( cont 'd ) this guy , right ? he carry like ten buck in change in he pocket , in case he have to make a phone call to Libya or some fuck place . Val laugh , light a cigarette . as the smoke climb up into Dave 's face , he look across at Jimmy who watch he with a flat , determine expression . as Jimmy smile , Dave swallow , take a deep suck of air . jimmy you all right ? 104 . Dave hold up a hand as it surge up inside he . dave oh shit ... jimmy Dave ? dave I be go to be sick . a flicker of a look between Val and Jimmy . Val slide out . val use the back door . huey do not like clean it off toilet rim . Val grip Dave 's shoulder , turn he and head he off for a door at the far end of the bar . door as Dave push through ... door burst open . but , we be in ... int . harris apartment and Silent Ray be arrive home with John o' Shea in tow . Brendan watch from the kitchen . brendan hey , Ray . come in here a second . Ray come in . John stop in the doorway hold a duffel bag . Brendan pull a second chair out with he foot . brendan ( cont 'd ) sit down , Ray . Ray catch a vibe , look a little suspicious , but he sit . brendan ( cont 'd ) who do you hate ? 105 . Ray stare back at he . brendan ( cont 'd ) come on , who ? Ray " sign " a answer . brendan ( cont 'd ) no one ? who do you love ? Ray look down at he shoe , then up at Brendan . finally , he point a finger at he brother . brendan ( cont 'd ) you love I ? ( as Ray nod ) what about ma ? Ray look down again , shake he head . " no . " brendan ( cont 'd ) okay . you love I so much , I want to hear you say it . Ray look back up , confuse . brendan ( cont 'd ) I know you can speak . so say you love I . Ray look back over he shoulder at John . brendan ( cont 'd ) do not look at he , look at I . now say it , say you love I . ext . bar ( chelsea ) -- night out back . one light over the door . and we be tracking back with Dave as he stumble through the weed . drop to he hand and knee at the edge of the mystic River . we be back behind as he heave , empty he stomach into the dirty water . finally , he lurch to he foot , wipe he mouth with the back of he hand . he take a few deep breath , feel better . and when Dave finally turn around , Jimmy and Val be stand there . one on either side of the door , the light bulb burn between they . Dave grin . 106 . dave hey , guy . come to make sure I do not fall in ? int . harris apartment -- kitchen -- night Ray sit across from Brendan , freaking out a little at he brother 's request . brendan come on , say you love I . finally Ray stand , hold he middle finger in Brendan 's face and then turn to go . Brendan be on he in a flash . he grab Ray by the hair and jerk he back . Ray fly over the kitchen table , slam into the wall and hit the floor . brendan ( cont 'd ) you love I so much you kill my fuck girl friend ?! huh ? that get John o' Shea move . motor for the door . but Brendan 's all over he . grabbing he by the scruff of the neck , he bounce he off the door , spin he around . brendan ( cont 'd ) my brother never do anything without you , o'shea ! never ! Brendan punch he twice in the face , break he nose . John hit the floor , curl into a ball spitting blood . brendan ( cont 'd ) I be come back . he kick John , head back for Ray who 's just stand . Brendan slap he so hard he reel into the sink . Brendan grab he by the shirt . tear and blood stream down Ray 's face . Brendan throw he to the floor . spread Ray 's arm , Brendan kneel on he . brendan ( cont 'd ) speak , you fuck freak or I swear I will kill you ! speak ! 107 . stairwell as Sean and whitey enter . they freeze at : brendan ( 0.s. ) say she name ! Katie ! say it or you die ! as they start hard up the step . kitchen Ray shake he head as Brendan loom . there 's a loud cough behind they . Brendan look over he shoulder to see John o' Shea on he foot , Ray senior 's gun in he hand . aim . but as the front door burst open , John wheel , find himself point the .38 point blank at Sean . Sean 's hand be on he Glock , but it 's still holster . he stop short ; whitey fill the door behind he . as Sean blink down the barrel ... whitey 's eye flicker past to Brendan and Ray . whitey kid , you need to point that gun at the floor . okay ? JOHN ( be : Sean 's gun ) that 's a Glock , right ? Sean nod as time stand still and he life flash . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( big smile ) you wanna draw on I ? come on . sean no . I do not want to hurt a kid . and it look like someone else beat I to it . John remember . look quite deadly . JOHN Brendan fuck punch I . break my nose . whitey we will arrest he for it if you want . haul he ass to jail . 108 . JOHN I do not want he arrest . I want he fuck dead . as the .38 sweep away back toward Brendan , Sean reach out , clap a hand over John 's wrist . boom ! the gun discharge into the wall as Sean strip it away , knock John to the floor . sean motherfucker . whitey kneel to cuff John who 's now cry like a baby . Sean walk forward toward Brendan . Brendan slide off he brother , just sit on the floor look up at Sean . Sean shrug , almost apologetically . sean ( cont 'd ) we know . brendan what ? what do you know ? Sean look back at John , down at Ray , then back to Brendan . Sean finally shake he head . sean nothing . ext . mystic river -- night Jimmy put he arm around Dave 's shoulder , lead he along the river . Val walk a few pace behind . jimmy let I tell you about Ray Harris . he be a buddy of mine . use to visit I in prison . use to check up on marita and Katie and my mother and see if they need anything . but he also put I in prison . he ratted I off . dave shit . that 's terrible . jimmy my wife have cancer . dave I remember , man . I -- they stop . 109 . jimmy Ray Harris rob I of be with she . I know we all die alone , but I could have help she with the die . not the death , but the die . you see what I be say ? ' Dave take a half step away , face Jimmy . dave why be you tell I this ? Jimmy point . Far below the tobin Bridge , at a rotted cluster of piling , a small boat with a outboard motor tie up . jimmy I make Ray kneel down right over there and I shot he twice . once in the chest , once in the throat . we be both cry when I do it . dave hey , Jimmy , I do not -- jimmy Ray begge . pregnant wife . Little Brendan . Said he know I . Said I be a good man ... how about you , Dave ? do you think I be a good man ? dave what be it you think I do , Jimmy ? jimmy as I sink Ray in the river , I could feel God watch I . shake he head . not mad , just , I guess the way you would get when a puppy shit on you rug . dave you think I kill Katie , do not you ? jimmy do not talk , Dave . panic rise , Dave see Val hold a gun in he hand . dave no , no , no . I kill someone , but it be not Katie . jimmy be this the mugger story ? 110 . dave he be not a mugger . he , he be a child molester . he be have sex with this kid in he car . he be a wolf ; he be . a vampire . flashback -- parking lot the child prostitute we see Dave try to talk to . get into a car with a man . the kid 's head disappear below the dash . and then Dave be there . Dave haul the man from the car , he pants down around he knee as Dave pound he head on the pavement . the boy jump out the passenger side , run away . back to scene jimmy of course , Dave , sure . you kill a child molester . dave yeah , well , I and the boy . jimmy oh , the molest kid help you ? dave no. jimmy no what ? you say you and a boy . flashback -- wood Young Dave run but sounding like a animal . back to scene dave no , no , forget that . my head get fuck up sometimes . I -- jimmy you wife think you kill Katie . and you would rather have she believe that than , what , you kill a child molester ? most people really do not mind when a child molester die , Dave . why do not you just tell celeste the truth ? 111 . dave I , I do not know . maybe I think I be turn into he . I do not kill Katie ! jimmy and I do not hear of any dead guy be find lately . dave I put he in the trunk of my car . dumped he body in the wood -- val letting this bag of shit explain , Jim ? you kid I ? jimmy shut up , Val ... ( to Dave ) Katie be nineteen . you know ? nineteen and she never do nothing to you . why would you kill she ? flashback -- plymouth the driver slamm he hand on the roof . driver get in ! back to scene dave look at I , Jimmy . jimmy I be look , Dave . I be look . flashback -- young dave looking down from a second floor window at young Jimmy who site on the curb below . as Dave 's mom pull the blind shut from behind he . back to scene jimmy why would you do it ? 112. flashback --— cellar foot come down . Young Dave bury he face in the rag . Young Dave pound on the bulkhead . flashback -- parking lot adult Dave pound on the molester in the parking lot . back to scene dave I and my son , I and celeste , there 's so many thing to make right . jimmy make they right now . start now . admit what you do . dave no more lie , no more secret , I want to go home to celeste . I want to feel celeste . jimmy yeah . good . right after you do you time . I do mine . do yours . admit what you do . dave the boy ... jimmy one more time about the boy and I will open you up . Jimmy hold a wick - look buck knife . Dave dry heave . Jimmy nearly do himself . even Val look confuse as Jimmy blink out toward the river . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I think I be do . I think I have leave kill people and dump they in the river behind . ( turn to Dave ) admit what you do and you will live . say it out loud and you will breathe . you will go to jail , but I will give you you life . finally , Dave decide it 's a way to save he life , maybe even a way to ease Jimmy 's grief . 113 . dave yeah , yeah , I do it . Jimmy close he eye , lower the knife . Val can not believe what he 's watch . jimmy why ... dave that night in mcgill , she remind I of a dream I have have . jimmy what dream ? dave a dream of youth . I do not remember have one . and she be the dream of it , and I just snap . Jimmy open he eye again . he 's tremble . jimmy so it be the dream , then ? dave the dream , yeah . you would know what I mean . if you would get in that car instead of I . jimmy ( harden ) but I do not get in the car , Dave . you do . we be close on they . and then Dave get a funny look on he face . a funny face and then he look down . look down in time to see Jimmy 's hand pull the knife back from he gut . blood gush down onto Dave 's jeans . val yes ! that 's what I be talk about . Dave look back at Jimmy , who turn , send the knife sailing into the mystic . Jimmy look back over . jimmy we bury we sin here , Dave . we wash they clean . 114 . Dave suddenly drop , find himself sit in the tall weed . hand try to hold he gut in . he look up , watch as Val hand the gun to Jimmy . val he 's move he lip . see he fuck lip move ? jimmy I get eye , Val . finally , Dave 's word come out in a whisper . dave I be not ready . jimmy like I say . you do this part alone . and Jimmy raise the gun , place the barrel against Dave 's forehead . and as Dave close he eye ... the memory bulkhead burst OPEN and ... a muzzle flash take US to : white sky and we pan down to find ourselves on ... ext . sidewalk ( gannon STREET ) -- day where it all begin . Jimmy sit on the curb , by the sidewalk where they once write they name . Jimmy , Sean and half of Dave . Jimmy sip he bourbon from a pint . a car pull up across the street . Sean . he walk over . sean annabeth say you might be here . ( be : bourbon ) tough night ? Jimmy nod . sean ( cont 'd ) I , too . saw a bullet with my name on it . 115 . Jimmy hold up the pint . Sean take it , swallow a long pull . as he hand it back ... sean ( cont 'd ) we get they . jimmy get who ? sean Katie 's killer . get they cold . it 's try to get in , but it have not sink yet . jimmy killer ? plural ? sean kid , actually . Ray Harris 's son , Ray junior , and a kid John o'shea . they confess a couple hour ago . jimmy no question ? sean none . jimmy why ? sean they do not know . they be play with a gun . saw a car come so one of they lie down in the middle of the street . car swerve , clutch kick out . Katie . o' Shea say they mean to just scare she , but the gun go off . she hit he with the door and run . they chase she so she would not tell no one . jimmy and the beat they give she ? sean Ray junior have a hockey stick . Jimmy look around . it 's sink now . Sean crouch down beside he . sean ( cont 'd ) go easy , Jim . take a breath . ( beat ) ( more ) 116 . sean ( cont 'd ) look at I . I get a call from celeste boyle . she be hysterical . she say Dave 's miss . Said you might know where he be . Jimmy look at Sean , but can not find any word . sean ( cont 'd ) we need to talk to he . Boston police find the body of a guy this morning . in the wood behind mcgill 's . jimmy a guy ? sean a pedophile with three prior . they want to talk to Dave about it . Jimmy lurch up past Sean . try to get a grip . sean ( cont 'd ) when be the last time you see Dave , Jimmy ? finally , stand there in the middle of the street ... jimmy last time I see Dave ? Dave boyle ? sean yeah , Dave boyle . jimmy it be twenty - five year ago . go down this street in the back of that car . jimmy ( cont 'd ) thanks for busting Katie 's killer , Sean . really . maybe if you would be a little faster though ? it 's so goddamn awful . they look at each other a sad beat . sean you go to send celeste five hundred a month , too ? eye brim , Jimmy look back up the street . Sean do the same . right where they be when Dave be drive away . 117 . sean ( cont 'd ) sometimes I think , I think all three of we get in that car . and all this , it 's just a dream . jimmy a dream , sure . sean in reality we be still eleven - year- old boy trap in a cellar . imagine what we life would have be if we would escape . jimmy maybe you be right . who the fuck know ? Jimmy turn and start walk down the street . Sean just watch after he . watch as Jimmy walk down the same street , disappear the same way Dave do . Sean 's cell phone ring . finally , he answer . sean hello ? no answer . highway sound from the other end . Sean know who it be , finally know what to say ... sean ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ... I need you to know that . I push you away . a long pause . lauren ( v.o. ) I be sorry , too . it 's be so mess up . love you , hat you . sean come home . lauren ( v.o. ) you change the lock or anything ? Sean smile with a sudden sense of surprise and relief . sean everything 's just the way you leave it . lauren ( v.o. ) nora . 118. sean what 's that ? lauren ( v.o. ) nora . that 's we daughter 's name , Sean . sean nora ... and Sean start to walk toward he car , still talk on the phone , laugh . and as the SOUND fade off , we hold on the sidewalk , on the name write so long ago . dissolve to : foot traffic on the sidewalk . people lining up . and we tilt up to the Buckingham Day parade . float , color guard , politician in convertible . over it all ... jimmy ( v.o. ) I kill the wrong man . this be what I have do and I can not undo it . annabeth ( v.o. ) shhh , Jimmy . shhh . int . jimmy house -- bedroom -- day annabeth step up to Jimmy , start to unbutton he shirt . annabeth ( cont 'd ) I want to hear you heart . she place a ear to he chest . Jimmy nearly can not breathe under he burden . we hear the parade outside . annabeth ( cont 'd ) last night , when I put the girl to bed , I tell they how big you heart be . jimmy annabeth -- annabeth I tell they how much you love Katie . because you create she and sometimes you love for she be so big , you heart feel like it be go to explode from loving she . 119 . jimmy please stop . annabeth I tell they they daddy love they that much , too . that he have four heart and they be all fill up and aching with a love that mean we would never have to worry . annabeth pull off she own shirt , press herself to he . annabeth ( cont 'd ) I tell they they daddy would do whatever he have to for that he love . and that be never wrong . that can never be wrong . no matter what they daddy have to do . jimmy you know ? annabeth celeste call look for you . told I about Dave . told I what she tell you . Said she be worried something might happen . she kiss he throat , start to undo he belt . jimmy why do not you call ? annabeth because they be weak . jimmy who 's weak ? annabeth everyone . everyone but we . we will never be weak . and you . you could rule this town . a beat as Jimmy stare at she . and then he kiss she . hungry for this woman . his woman . Passion build precipitously . as she return it , between breath : annabeth ( cont 'd ) and , Jim ? after ? let 's take the girl down to the parade . Katie would have like that . 120 . Jimmy lift she up . she hook she leg around he . ext . parade -- day it stream along . Sean stand watch with he wife lauren and he baby daughter . a float pass by fill with child who shout , laugh and wave . all except for one who 's lose , sad , haunt . the child 's eye find Sean 's for just a instant and then he 's go . Sean snap from the sudden trance , look across the street at Jimmy , annabeth , they daughter and a few of the Savage brother . waving at the parade , happy and strong . suddenly aware of be watch , Jimmy 's head swivel . his eye lock on sean's . Jimmy give Sean the smallest smile . and Sean point a " finger gun . " drop he thumb on the imaginary hammer . and as Jimmy 's smile widen ... fade to black .