mystery of the Wax Museum fade in on title : prologue london , 1920 . dissolve to : 1 int . museum of ivan igor where he exhibit group and individual do in wax . the figure be of historic character and event . the place be almost in darkness as the steel blind be draw on the window face the street . through the back and side window we see and hear a pour rain . at the fade in we hear the distant rumbling of thunder , and shortly thereafter there be a blind flash of lightning through the unshutter window show in clear relief a brutal , sinister face , the black hood and cowl suggest a medieval monk . we see , lie at the foot of the monkish figure , a seminude figure of a woman whose back be sadly lacerate . she be lie face down . in the monk 's hand be a knout or cat - o'- nine -tail , as though he have be punish she . in the background of this shot we see a workbench and a work light . the vague figure of igor be see , at work on a nearly complete bust . dolly up to a close - up of igor 's hand . we see that they be the sensitive , fine hand of a artist , dexterous in they delicate occupation . CUT to : 2 full figure of igor as he step back from the bench . evidently satisfied , he go to a basin of water and put he hand in it and stand as though rest they . 3 ext . STREET long shot museum in background it be raining and we see a occasional flash of lightning . the figure of Worth on the opposite side of street from museum , walk rapidly away from camera , come to a point diagonally opposite museum and glance furtively about , start toward the entrance . when a policeman appear , he dart quickly to a doorway , conceal himself . the officer cross the street and disappear along a intersect street . Worth make a second endeavor to approach the museum , when a hansom cab draw up to the curb and Dr. rasmussen and golatily alight and cross the sidewalk toward door . Worth slink back to he hide place . the cab draw away . 4 close shot golatily and rasmussen on step golatily ( glance at watch ) a beastly hour to disturb the fellow . rasmussen not at all . he work late and he will be delighted . they knock at door . 5 int . museum close shot of igor wash hand . he straighten up and glance toward door , show annoyance , then start toward door . the knock be repeat . 6 ext . museum rasmussen be press he face to glass , look through , and we see , through the glass panel of the door , igor approach . when he glimpsis he visitor , he expression change from annoyance to one of extreme pleasure , and hasten he stride he open the door quickly . igor ( with slight foreign accent ) well , well , my friend , this be a unexpected pleasure . rasmussen ( shaking hand with igor ) I should not have think of disturbing you but it happen the friend I tell you of be leave tomorrow to supervise some new excavation in Egypt , and he be anxious to look at you collection before go away . May I present Mr. golatily ? igor it be a great pleasure . I have hear so much about you . 7 int . museum the three man enter museum , igor close the door and lock it . igor laugh . igor my child will become conceit that so distinguished a critic have think they interesting enough to review . 8 ext . museum from opposite side of STREET Worth , stand in doorway opposite museum , wait impatiently . 8a int . museum igor throw light switch , one at a time , each circuit illuminate a different group . he name they as he throw each switch . igor sidney carton on the guillotine . 9 close shot of the figure . we hear golatily 's voice . golatily's voice very interestingly do . camera pan to figure of Sir walter Raleigh as the light be throw on this figure . we hear igor 's voice . igor's voice Sir walter Raleigh . rasmussen's voice I be particularly interested in this one . see the fineness with which he have mount that beard . camera pan to figure of Joan d' Arc , as light be throw on it and we hear igor 's voice . igor's voice Joan d' Arc . golatily's voice it 's a pity to race through such a exhibition . one should have time to really study they . camera pan to figure of voltaire . the light be throw on and we hear igor 's voice . igor's voice voltaire . the two visitor be stand at the moment beside the figure of voltaire . golatily back away from it , half close he eye and study it critically . golatily you could almost expect he to speak . I wonder what he would say after all this year . igor join they , laugh . igor you would be astonished . he be more difficult now , to that in authority , than even the record show . he be a very stubborn person , I assure you . rasmussen stubborn ? igor unbelievably . for day I argue with this fellow before I could get he as I want he . but always I triumph ... ( he laugh ) ... and few people triumph over voltaire . and here ... ( he throw light switch on a peasant mother and child ) ... we have something that please I , though of no historic importance . it be do because I love to model child . the group be a peasant mother , two child play at she foot and a nursing babe at she breast . 9a ext . STREET in front of museum Worth , as he throw away cigarette impatiently and take new place of concealment . 10 int . museum the three man be strolling toward the figure of Marie antoinette . golatily but you have no right to hide such genius in a side street museum . igor ( go to light switch ) you be too gracious . this thing have some merit , I suspect ... but this -- ( throw switch ) ... I be convinced , be fine . ( join the group . ) golatily ( lean close to figure ) even that delicate vein , the texture of this flesh -- I have never see anything more exquisite . igor ( laugh ) my partner believe that I should build a horror chamber , immortalize the hideous crime and criminal of London . at such time Marie antoinette have reassure I , she have promise I recognition for the devotion I give to she . golatily she will undoubtedly keep she promise . if you will grant I the privilege , I would like to submit this work to the Royal Academy when I get back . igor ( delighted ) you will have win the undy gratitude of we all . ( glancing over he shoulder . ) be that not so , Marie antoinette ? golatily ( as they cross to door ) I regret I can not spend the time I would like with you exhibition , but I be go to worry the life out of you when I come back . ( the three laugh . ) igor it will always afford I great pleasure to see you . ( they shake hand . ) golatily good night , sir . igor good night . ( to rasmussen . ) and I be very grateful to you . 11 ext . museum MAIN entrance door open . golatily and rasmussen come through door . igor be speak . igor thank you so much for you visit and encouragement . they bid each other good night cordially and the two stroll away , as igor close the door and pull the blind . 12 ext . museum the two man pass the spot where Worth have conceal himself . he peer after they from the shadow , then cross street toward museum and walk toward door of entrance . 13 int . museum igor , with the exuberance of a delighted child , run to the figure of Marie antoinette and caress she . igor you hear what he say . you hear this man who be very celebrate , what he say of you ? ( he back away from the figure , laugh . ) Ho -ho - ho , of course , you would say that . you always tell I so , of course . ( then extend arm to include all the figure in the gallery . ) and you , my friend -- robespierre , danton , marat , maximilian , savonarola , all of you , how will you feel to be famous again ? this figure , whom he have address individually in the last speech , be all on a raise platform or balcony , and he have turn and gesture toward each one as he name they . he now turn to voltaire . walk toward the figure and shaking he finger at it . igor and even you , who scoff at immortality , who write so eloquently against the think of immortality , you be experience it in spite of yourself . we hear the door open and igor turn . igor ( surprised , questioningly ) hello ! what be you do here so late ? we hear footstep of someone approach he as the camera swing and Worth walk into picture . worth ( brusquely ) I come back for some of the book . I be try to straighten out the account . I do not hope to impress you , but I may as well tell you : we have not a farthing ! igor ( mildly , with no great concern ) that be unfortunate . 14 close - up worth he be furious . worth you be right it 's unfortunate ! Fifteen thousand pound it 's cost I ! and you say it 's unfortunate , as though I would spill a spot of grog on my waistcoat . camera angle widen to a 15 close shot of the two igor ( return to workbench , follow by Worth ; igor shrug ) you money may have be well invest , my friend . something important may come of all this . worth something important have get to come of it ! do you know that the rent on this place be not pay ? igor ( sit at bench and start to work ) be that a fact ? worth ( angrily ) no -- I be lie to amuse myself ! ( lean over bench confidentially . ) now look here , I have a idea that will get we out of all this . we have not twopence between we , but we have get this . ( draw papers from pocket , slap they on desk before igor . igor glance at they , then up at Worth in surprise . ) igor Fire insurance ! worth yes , there 's we way out . a fire in this place would give we ten thousand pound . igor rise slowly , unable to believe what he hear . igor a fire ! be this you idea of humor , my friend ? worth ( grimly ) I want the money back I have throw into this rubbish heap . igor you be ask to burn this people ... you be ask ? ... ( grow excited , take a few step away from bench . ) 16 int . museum med.shot igor make a sweeping gesture that take in the entire room . igor ... to destroy all this ? worth I be not ask you anything . I be tell you what I be go to do ! igor and you think I will permit this , my friend ? worth you have get to permit it ! whose fault be it that no one come here ? the museum at walston Lane do well enough , and why ? they have get Jack the ripper , burke and Hare , the mad Butcher , the demon barber of fleet Street and thing people pay to see . igor and they be welcome to they . to perpetuate such creature be to celebrate they crime . worth well , what do you think I be in this for ? ( indicating figure , change tone and attempt to cajole igor . ) think of it , man , a match -- a cigar stub -- and ten thousand pound to divide between we ! igor you be insane . worth not at all -- let I show you how easily it can be do . ( he strike match and start toward one of the figure . ) igor spring and whirl he about . Worth strike igor viciously and they have a terrific struggle , in the course of which Worth seize a spirit lamp use for warming wax and hurl it at igor . he miss he mark , but the light lamp fall into the fold of the drapery of one of the figure stand next to that of Marie antoinette . igor scream he terror as he dash to extinguish the flame , and Worth , spring on he back , overpower he . by this time the fire be spread to one of the other group . Worth quickly snatch some of the flame cloth from this group and toss it at the foot of other figure . the figure be show to be melting , gradually lose form , and finally the liquid wax itself ignites with a flash that be almost a explosion . igor be see to stir , and Worth , seize a heavy staff from the hand of one of the figure , strike he several time . apparently satisfied that igor be helpless , Worth now hurry to a rear door and make he exit . 17 ext . areaway back of museum we see Worth come through door , panting and dishevel . he start away and then return and lock door , after which he run from scene . 18 int . museum igor , daze and weak , be struggle to he foot . he look toward the figure of Marie antoinette , its drapery now a mass of flame . he dash toward it , catch it up in he arm , attempt to beat out the fire . the whole room now resemble the inside of a furnace , and as igor , carry the flame figure , struggle toward the door , a portion of the ceiling collapse , barring he progress . he turn and stagger toward the rear . his clothes be blaze . he run to a small iron trap in floor , near which be a group tableau of sidney carton on the guillotine . lift the cover , he disclose a empty drain barely large enough to permit the passage of he body . as he disappear through trap , the rope suspending the blade of the guillotine burn through and the knife fall , decapitate the figure , and the head roll across the floor . " fade out fade in on 19 skyline of new york ( miniature ) on a building in the foreground be a electric sign , the full width of the building , which read New York Express . there be a huge illuminate clock dial someplace beneath the sign . the clock show one minute of twelve . as the picture fade in and the minute hand jump abruptly to exactly twelve , another electric sign show the numeral 1932 in red appear immediately beneath the sign New York Express . simultaneous with this we hear the shriek of siren , the honk of automobile horn , the screech of boat whistle in the harbor , the ringing of bell , the rapid fire of a pistol somewhere in the distance , the shouting of the crowd , indicate the pass of the old year . this sound , in vary degree , continue all through the follow scene . as this shot dissolves , the tone dissolves with it to the single scream of a siren as we see 20 STREET corner a crowd of people a ambulance drive around the corner . dissolve to : 21 ext . of apartment build with all the window light . some window still have Christmas ornament in they . the camera on crane move up to various window . as the scream of the siren and arrival of ambulance evidently attract the attention of the dweller , several people open they window and look out curiously . some of they be hold cocktail glass , and as the window be open we hear the strain of radio music and other sound of joyous celebrate . in the last window we see igor in he legitimate make - up -- not as a horror person -- look at something across the street . CUT to : 22 ext . of other apartment house at corner the ambulance park in front of it and a number of curious people stand about . the door of the apartment house be open by a man in uniform , and we see a doctor carry a medical case come out of the house . a newspaper reporter run up the step to meet he and say : reporter anything new , Doc ? doctor nothing we do not tell you this afternoon . the coroner confirm we opinion -- it be suicide . during this dialogue , two interne carry a stretcher descend the step , pass the doctor and place stretcher in ambulance , close door of ambulance , get on ambulance , drive away , and again we hear the noise of the siren . dissolve to : insert of newspaper head : the new york express wishes its reader a happy new year . single column article : beautiful joan gale a suicide ( then in smaller type ) show girl found Dead on Eve of New Year . ( then the story ) while the Broadway she love prepare to celebrate the New Year , Joan gale , beautiful show girl , lay dead by she own hand , it be discover late yesterday afternoon . a may at the Denton Hotel , where the butterfly girl occupy a expensive suite , enter she apartment at noon and find she clad in pajamas , etc. , etc . ( single column picture of Joan gale ) all through read paper we hear New York celebration noise . dissolve to : 23 narrow downtown STREET ( probably West Broadway ) night with elevate road extend full width of street . a old - fashioned , disreputable brick building , with a iron grate along the edge of walk , beyond which be a areaway and a flight of stone step , lead to basement door . there be also a door on the street level . the figure of a man approach the house . the camera sees only he back . we hear the distant sound of the New York celebration , and two girl , pass the man who be walk away from camera , blow horn at he and throw confetti on he . he do not answer . he pass they and admit himself to house with latchkey . 24 int . worth house camera follows he through a corridor into a room as dilapidate and forbid as the exterior of the house . the room , evidently use as a office , be furnish with a ancient , batter desk and chair . the wall be bare , and in place the paper , and even bit of plaster , have be tear away . the figure of the man enter and throw on the light . he go to the desk , pick up a phone and dial a number , sit in swivel chair with he back to camera . he get he number . man hello , be that you , Tim ? ... Tim , I be sorry but I have get to have that tonight ... I have get to have it . camera travel toward he as he slowly turn to face it . man no , I need it right away . by this time we get a 25 close - up of worthas face and we see that it be the man who burn the museum . all through the phone conversation we hear the muffle shout , the horn , etc. of the New Year celebration . man who 's on at the gate ? ... you say Joe ? ... well , then you can get it out all right . I will have the truck right down there . the harness bull down there be oke . I fix that this afternoon . dissolve to : 26 STREET outside the morgue a policeman walk leisurely along he beat reach the iron gate and glance up at the sign above the arch , which read morgue . we hear the distant shouting , sing , trumpete . after the officer have disappear , a upper window of the building open and the hideous face of the monster appear as he lean out of the window follow the progress of the policeman along the street . 27 int . morgue full shot ( it be necessary to give this business in detail , but it will be play quickly as the monster move with astonish rapidity . ) the room be almost in darkness , the only light come from a window well upstage and at one side . we see dimly a row of slab mount on wheel . they be all occupy , the body be cover with sheet . the monster glide quickly among they with a flashlight , turn down the sheet and inspect the face , finally locating the one he seem to have be in search of . camera come to a 28 close shot of monster bend over slab as he examine figure illuminate by flashlight . we do not see the feature of the corpse . as the monster straighten up , he utter a horrible gurgle , retching murmur of joy , and we see he clearly for the first time . 29 close - up monster a black - cloak figure , disproportionate and grotesque , the face a horrible formless mass of scar tissue . he have practically no forehead . his face be a shrivel bald pate of sear skin and bone , which recede to a point cranium of unnatural contour . his eye be alight with fanaticism and insanity . the face be a blot of draw , unwholesomely color , hairless skin . he be lipless , noseless , and what trace of human feature remain be frightfully distort . camera recede to 30 mo . shot and travel with he as he push the carriage quickly to the back window and place it against the sill , foot first . 31 close shot at window he open the window , which have a single bar from top to bottom divide its center . he lean out and whistle . during all of this we have be hearing the joyous shout of the merrymaker . in answer to he signal there be a single whistle from someplace below . he throw the sheet aside and fasten a rope around and under the arm of the corpse , which he push slowly across the sill into space . after lowering the body , there be a whistle from below . he throw the remainder of the coil of rope out the window , but on the opposite side of the upright bar , so that the rope form a double strand outside , permit he to slide to ground level . camera angle widen and we pan with the monster as he return the slab to its original position . he hear someone approach and stretch out at length on the slab , cover himself with the sheet . the voice grow louder and the camera swing , picking up two attendant and following they as they enter . one of they throw on the light , and they wheel another body into place beside the slab on which the monster be conceal . first attendant New Year 's Eve be not what it use to be . this be only the second one tonight . second attendant yeah , time be sure tough . first attendant what happen to this one ? second attendant husband slap she full of lump ... say she talk too much . the man turn and start out of the scene . the body , have just be embalm , have a muscular reflex and rise to a rigid semisitt posture . first attendant ( frighten ) what 's that ? second attendant embalm fluid make them jump . he return coolly and push the body into its proper position . the action cause a horrible rasp sound , peculiar to corpse . second attendant ( coldly ) ai not that just like a woman ... always have to have the last word . camera follows the two man as they exit in the direction from which they come , throw off the light and shutting the door after they . camera pan back to the monster as he spring from the slab , and follows he as he cross to the window , climb through and lower himself over the sill . insert show base of upright bar of window with rope looped over . evidently safe on the ground , the monster pull one end of rope , and we see it run around bar until the end disappear . during this insert , we hear a crescendo of horn , shout , etc. , finally dominate by the clack of a wooden noisemaker , that blend gradually with the myriad click of a number of typewriter , as we dissolve to : 32 close - up of typewriter and hand operating machine camera pull back : 33 composing room of the new york express night camera pick up a door at the end of a line of table , with typewriter , where rewrite man be busy on copy , copy boy bring they assignment , carry away complete storey , etc . sign on door read manage editor . camera swing the length of the lane , pick up door at opposite end of room , and with a sudden , terrific blast of steam whistle , etc. , the door open and the girl , Florence ( glenda farrell ) , appear through door , obviously squiffy , lead a nondescript mongrel dog . she carry a long , cheap tin horn . the man nearest the door glance up from he work . florence gentlemen of the Daily grind : 1932 salute you with a fanfare of golden brass ! ( take hand from behind she and blow on rubber " bronx cheer " rattler . ) the man laugh . Florence produce a bottle of scotch . first man ( point significantly toward manage editor 's door ) save you breath . hard - tack want to see you . florence I do not want to see he -- he hurt my eye . first man no kiddin' , he 's sore as a dog . florence ( to dog ) move over Kelly . I be in the dog house ! man ( laugh ) where would you get the stag hound ? florence he 's not a stag hound . his name be Kelly and he 's a police dog . man ( patting the pup ; other gather around also stroking he ) what do you mean police dog ? florence plain-clothes man . ( address room . ) come on , slave , drink and be merry for tomorrow you might be appoint correspondent to Washington ... a fate worse than death . man listen , flo , cut it out . hard - tack be pretty sore . florence ( laugh ) ai not that something . the mad monk of Manhattan . here go nothing . ( cross to door lettere manage editor and , as she exit through it , shout over shoulder . ) listen to the animal cracker roar like a lion . 34 int . editor' office the manage editor ( Frank mchugh ) , a man of about thirty - five , not physically unattractive , but rather grim , be seat at he desk -- a intense worker , plainly impatient with anyone who loaf on the job . ( in the follow scene we establish that , while he quarrel continually throughout the picture with the girl , there be a underlying and very strong bond of friendship and respect between the two . ) the door open and , as Florence appear , we hear the last few word of she precede speech . she close the door , lean against it . florence as I live and breathe and wear spat ... the prince . editor ( look up angrily ) be do experiment with scotch and soda again ? florence ( dishevel and obviously with a " edge " ) where do you get the news item ? ( sarcastically . ) from a little bird ? editor yeah . ( discard sheaf of papers and look up . ) have a pleasant vacation ? florence charm . more delightful people crippled . editor great . consider yourself crippled -- financially . see if you can jar you charming friend loose from enough to eat on . florence meaning what ? editor that you be a sure bet to place in the bread line . there 's no room on this rag for the purely ornamental . you be easy on the eye and pretty conceit about it . he return to he work . camera follows Florence and come to a 35 close shot of florence as she walk down and put she arm over editor 's shoulder . florence be mama 's dumpling get tough ? he push she away from he . editor I be through clowning . you be all wash up . get out ! florence ( straighten up ) what do you mean , you poor ham ! this be New Year 's ! editor all right , what about it ? we get out a paper just the same . do you ever stop to think of that ? florence well , be it my fault if nothing happen ? he rise and , take Florence angrily by the arm , almost drag she to the window . he point to the street below . there be a alternate red and green light through the window , as though it come from a electric sign across the street . editor look down there ! nothing happen ! out of that insane mob you say there 's nothing happen ? there 's a story in every person down there . Florence giggle . florence ( with elaborate sarcasm ) and how do one go about get this human document , may I inquire ? editor ( caustically ) that be none of we business . ( push she suddenly so that she stumble to door . ) but you bring I something for the next edition if it 's only a recipe for spaghetti ! ( turn quickly and sneer at she . ) florence ( turn to door , shout ) Quick , Watson , the cookbook ! she exit and slam door . he look after she angrily , as he return to he desk . 36 . int . composing room full shot as Florence reenter . sit on desk of last man she speak to . florence what a sense of humor that guy have . thinks a hangover be a jewish holiday . I be fire ! man I tell you he be a sore . florence story scarcer than caviar at a street cleaner 's banquet , and he say , bring I a yarn . all I have to do be get a story . man here 's a wow . he whisper to she . she straighten up and look at he contemptuously . she cross to door . turn back , she see the mongrel she bring in and call . florence hey , come here , Kelly . I do not want you hang around with that guy . he 's be read naughty storey . she and the dog exit . dissolve to : insert : close - up of cover of magazine entitle " naughty story . " show scantily attire figure of a girl dancer . camera draw back to 37 close - up of desk sergeant absorbed in magazine at 47th Street Police Station . 38 full shot police station reception room several uniform man seat , read late edition , etc . Florence enter with gay , almost rowdy camaraderie and thump one of the officer on the back . florence happy New Year , ambrose ! he straighten and look up . officer hello , Mrs. Dempsey . I do not see how they be ever go to settle that heavyweight argument while you be around . ( rubbing shoulder . ) 39 close shot desk Florence cross to desk and , reach over , pull the magazine out of the sergeant 's hand . florence happy New Year , sweetheart . how 's you sex life ? ( glance at magazine . ) oh - oh ! ( hand it back to he . ) sergeant ( shout ) call the homicide squad ! florence how 's every little thing ? sergeant Fine . you be the first reporter in here for two hour . you people see the old year out ? florence I be people which the old year see out . I be can , fire ! sergeant no kiddin' . florence I have get to make news , if I have to bite a dog . ( look around suddenly . ) hey , Kelly ! oh , mis gosh , even he walk out on I . sergeant I have get a story for you . you know the Joan gale girl ? florence ( unenthusiastically ) yes , she commit suicide yesterday . that 's not news . I hear about it last year . sergeant ( mimick she ) oh , yeah ? maybe she do not commit suicide . she may have be murder ! florence ( startle ) no foolin ' -- any suspect ? sergeant do you know George Winton ? florence Old Howard Winton 's cub ? sergeant that 's the one . florence ( aghast ) they do not suspect he ? sergeant do not they ? he 's down at the tomb right now . florence ( threateningly ) say , if you be stringin ' I , Old -timer ... sergeant ( snap ) why would I string y' ? they be sweety until a month ago . florence what do that prove ? sergeant nothing . only she may have try to blackmail he . you know such thing have happen . anyway , he be at she apartment a few hour before she be find dead . florence ( enthusiastically ) hotcha ! save , one job ! she reach for the telephone on the sergeant 's desk . he snatch it away from she . sergeant Press room for yours . 40 full shot police station reception room as Florence start to door . sergeant but hold everything . let I give you the rest of the dirt . she turn in door . florence make it snappy , Colonel . sergeant there 's a autopsy order at Bellevue immediately . you better skip over there . florence ( start through door ) do not give this to anybody else , will you ? sergeant it 's all yours . florence thanks . as she exit , she throw switch , leave the entire room in darkness . there be a shout of protest from the man , which blend with the sound of a elevate train as we dissolve to : 41 ext . worth house a small cover truck drive up and stop . a man riding beside the driver jump down and , glance quickly up and down the street , run down the basement step and ring bell . 42 close shot basement door Lattice be draw aside and a man peer out . door tender get it all right ? driver' companion yes ... let 's get it off the truck . lend we a hand . the door open . door tender ( call over he shoulder ) hey , sparrow -- come on ! another figure appear , a furtive little man who occasionally , throughout the picture , rub hand across nose as cocaine fiend be know to do . he seem to be in a very nervous state . together , the four man remove a large oblong case from the truck and carry it downstairs into the basement . 43 int . a large , sparsely furnished basement room there be a number of crate and box pile in one corner , and on a plain kitchen table , center , there be a number of bottle , glass , etc . the four man enter and deposit the case , which be mark fragile -- handle with Care , on the floor . door tender how about a little shot ? as the man approach the table , camera move up and we get a close - up , separately , of each of the four man as they drink . they be all of the urban criminal type . as camera pull back , the truck driver and he companion start toward door . truck driver happy New Year ! driver' companion see you some more ! the two exit . 44 full shot of basement room as the two man exit . door tender turn toward sparrow and camera move up to a 45 close shot of the two door tender no use of you hangin ' around here . he tell I not to give you anything tonight . sparrow ( obviously in highly nervous state ) where be he ? call he down , willya ? I have get to talk to he . a door upstage open . the two turn and camera pull back as Worth enter . worth ( to sparrow ) I think I tell you to stay out of here ! sparrow cross eagerly toward Worth . sparrow hello , Joe . I would not bother you , but I be all in . my nerve be all shot . worth ( contemptuously ) you nerve be not all that be go to be shot , you sneaky rat -- you have be talk again ! Worth hit sparrow and knock he down . worth ( to door tender ) give he a deck . camera pull back to 46 full shot of basement room as door tender extract a small parcel from drawer in table and toss it to sparrow , who grab it eagerly and struggle to he foot . worth ( threateningly ) and understand this , you get nothing more from I until you show I something ! and the next time you speak out of turn , you be go to have bad luck . as Worth finish speech , he slap sparrow 's face . sparrow ( conscious only of the package give he ) thanks ... thanks . fade out fade in 47 top of table pitcher of ice water , glass night Florence approach table , pour a glass of ice water and , before drink it , press it to she forehead and temple . camera swing show rest of room , which be evidently a morgue surgery . there be several official , interne , a nurse , two doctor , two or three plain -clothes man and a policeman in uniform who be stand guard at the door . one of the plain - clothes man , who evidently know Florence , cross and speak to she . detective feelin ' tough ? florence I have get a case of jitter that will cop the pulitzer prize . if they drag this out too long , they will have another corpse on they hand . camera swing to : 48 close shot of two doctor first doctor when I be call , doctor , the girl have be dead for possibly three or four hour . my examination show clearly that she die of laudanum poisoning . I think at first it might have be a accident , a overdose . her eye indicate that she use narcotic frequently . second doctor what be the police theory ? first doctor suicide . second doctor leave any message ? first doctor no . that 's why I think death might have be accidental . one of the plain-clothes man join the two doctor . first doctor who get the information about Winton , flannery ? detective everyone know they be livin ' together . but the way they fight you would of think they be marry . first doctor be separate quite some time , have not they ? detective yeah . he be playin ' up to some other twist . Winton 's in bad because he leave there just before she fold up . second doctor well , if she commit suicide , with laudanum , she probably take it in its crude form , and we will find it in that or very close to that state . if someone give it to she , it would be dilute . detective how could he give it to she ? first doctor in a cup of coffee or a glass of whiskey . the door burst open and one of the attendant rush in and , go directly to the two doctor , speak . attendant the gale body be go ! first doctor go ? what be you talk about ? second doctor ( speak almost simultaneous with the first ) the body go ! absurd ! detective wait a minute . ( to the attendant . ) what happen ? what do you mean the body 's go ? attendant just that . it 's go -- vanish -- disappear ! detective you mean somebody steal the body ! florence no . it get up and walk down to the cemetery to dig up a date . detective give Florence a dirty glance . attendant ( excitedly ) we go for the body and find the slab empty and the window to the alley open . florence hot dog , death on a holiday ! detective ( call to other plain - clothes man ) come on , flannery ! they leave the room hurriedly , follow by the attendant . Florence , she hand to she head , sway . florence Boy , oh boy ! and he ask for a story . be he face red ! she look around , see phone , grab it up and call for a number . florence Bryant two six two six . she wait a moment and then jiggle the receiver impatiently . florence ( shouting ) Operator ! ( Operator answer . Florence , sarcastically . ) my , my , how you have grow . ( quickly . ) will you get that number , Mrs. Van winkle ! 49 editor' office the phone on he desk be ringing . he pick it up . editor ( bark ) hello ! 50 close - up florence in phone booth florence ( into phone ) hello , slug ... kill that Winton story for this ! Joan gale 's body , not John Brown 's ... Joan gale 's body be snatch from the morgue two minute ago ! I be here now ! yeah , there be nine or ten witness ! nope , they do not talk ! they be pretty stiff . no , dope , not drunk , they be dead ! 51 editor' desk close shot editor into phone editor can the clowning ! great ! great ! tear down to the tomb and get to Winton ! I will have Harry write the first flash ! ( something she say evidently anger he to the point that he hold the telephone away from he . half angry , as though it be responsible , he bark . ) a cow do that ... and give milk besides . ( he slam up receiver . ) dissolve to : 52 close - up printing presses in large newspaper plant the papers be push out on rack as they be deliver from press . camera pull back as foreman pick up a copy to examine it for type . insert : close - up of newspaper show scare headline describe arrest of George Winton who be hold in jail and a autopsy order . on front page be a photograph of Winton . camera hold for a moment on photograph , which dissolves to : 53 close shot of winton behind bar 54 int . cell in the tomb Winton seat on the edge of he cot . camera swing around to reveal the cell door be open by a guard . Florence enter and go to boy . he be a rather handsome , but weak , dissipate type , who arouse we sympathy without win we respect . florence how do you do . I be from the Express . Winton look up . when he speak , he sentence be halting and break . he 's badly frighten . winton yeah . I suppose you people will crucify I for something I do not do . ( his voice rise almost to falsetto . ) I do not ! you understand that ! ... I do not do it ! she -- try before -- ( bury he face in hand , choke sob . ) florence ( sit on cot beside he , pat he shoulder ) come on , old man , that will not do . you know you be innocent until prove guilty . winton ( spring to foot and pace back and forth ) yes , sure , that 's fine . while I be prove my innocence , you people be go to uncover every petty kid trick I ever do ... you be go to write editorial about every cocktail I ever drank . anything that any sane , normal person might have do will have a sinister meaning , if I do it . ( he be almost cry at this point , sit on cot . ) go on ! get out ! I do not want to talk to you ! ( he rise and cross quickly as though to open door , then , realize that he be lock in , lean , face against the bar , fight to control tear . ) Florence follow he and place she hand on he shoulder . florence listen , kid . you be in a tough spot , and you can make it a whole lot easier for yourself if you cut out the cry-baby stuff -- winton ( whirling , face she ) cry-baby ? florence that 's what I say . winton ( angrily ) my lawyer will be on the job in a little while , and I warn you people anything you print about I you have get to prove . dad will not stand for -- florence you dad have stand for plenty . now let 's get down to case . when do you see the Dale girl last ? winton for a few minute the afternoon before -- before -- florence hmmm . why do not you tell that to the police ? winton ( hysterically ) they do not give I a chance . we have a couple of drink and she be all right then . she seem happy . florence uh-huh . do you remember what she say ? what do you talk about ? winton she laugh and tell I that we be be silly , that we do not care for each other any more but we need not hate each other ... ( he sob through the finish of this speech . ) ... she say she want to be friend . florence I see . be that all she say ? winton ( recover self - control to some degree ) we plan a trip for she . I be go to send she to bermuda . florence you be not go with she ? winton no . ( pace floor , pound palm of hand with fist desperately . ) why do not I take she out somewhere ? but she be laugh and seem so happy . florence well , let 's get back to the case in hand . they order a autopsy and discover she body have be steal from the morgue . winton ( he nerve quite shattered ) stolen ! what be you try to do to I ? ... you be work with the police ! ... you be try to make I say something that can be use against I ! you be try ... florence hold on , hold on . I be try to help you , if you be on the square , and I think you be . winton then why be you tell I a crazy lie ? ... florence that happen to be the truth . winton who would steal she body ? florence that 's what they be go to ask you . Winton seem stunne . Guard appear in door . guard time 's up . florence be right with you . ( turn , pat Winton on shoulder . ) keep a stiff upper lip , kid . I think you will come out okay . the guard open the door and as she exit , we dissolve to : 55 close shot of editor at he desk he be lean back in swivel chair , listen attentively . we hear Florence 's voice , but do not see she . florence's voice the whole thing sound on the up and up to I . the poor kid be too scared to lie . he 's get a raw deal . camera pull back to include Florence , seat in chair close to editor 's desk . editor ( sarcastically ) well , be not that a shame . Nice little chappie that would not harm a fly ... everybody pick on the little fellow . florence if this kid be some unknown soda jerker , they would not have pinch he . but he 's George Winton and they be play he up . it 's a Roman holiday for every paper hat editor in New York . editor ( glance from desk where he have be idly scratch with a pencil ) why the goose pimple ? if he be not social register -- if it be somebody like I , you would be try to hang he . florence I would not be try , beloved . I would hang he ! and another thing , all this gaga about the body disappear . eight body have be steal in New York within the last eighteen month . do not it seem more reasonable to hook this up from that angle ? editor ( laugh ) and ruin a perfectly good story ? do not be silly . florence no , I mean it . I think this kid 's entitle to a break . editor he 's get a break , be not he ? he 's front page . florence you give I a pain ! editor I be glad to hear it . when do you go in for crusade in the cause of justice ? this lousy mug , with all the money in the world , have have two or three nasty affair . he 's keep out o' print because he great - grandfather be smarter than the Indians . florence well , anyway , he could not have cop that body -- he be in jail . editor you do not think he would be sap enough to do the job himself . I hope they give he the work . even if he do not kill the kid , he 's responsible for she death , and they can fry he any time without make I sore . florence ( rise angrily ) well , I will not work on it from that angle . editor oh , you will not -- you be pretty tough about judge ramsey -- a little while ago -- florence and they never prove anything against he . editor except that he disappear when thing get too hot . florence or be bump off by someone who be afraid of he . editor whooey -- he take a run - out powder . florence well , that 's get nothing to do with this case . can I handle this my way ? editor you cannot . I be still editor of this sheet . florence all right , you say I be fire . well , I quit ! give the assignment to somebody else . ( start toward door . ) editor ( laugh ) hey , come here , sob-sister ! florence nope , I be through ! her hand be on the knob . camera follows editor who rise and , follow , embrace she roughly and pat she on shoulder as he release she . editor go ahead , screwy ! do it you own way . as he return to desk , she take a step after he . florence on the square , Jimmy , if you would see Winton down there -- I be not hold a brief for he -- maybe he 's a dirty pup , but he 's scared and hysterical -- and so kinda dumb and worthless ... editor great ! ... if he 's worthless we will give he away as a bridge prize . come on -- beat it . it 's five o'clock . you need some sleep . florence ( go through door ) no , there 's another point I want to iron out . editor sleep on it ... we will get it tomorrow . hold picture that he draw away from he , look at it critically . Florence move back of he to glance at it . he hand it to she . editor you portrait . insert : of picture which be a crude sketch of mickey mouse on horseback , charge a windmill with a long lance . florence which one be I ? the horse ? editor ( throw tobacco pouch at she ) get out of here . Florence dodge it , and exit laugh . fade out fade in day 56 close - up of three CITY STREET -sweeper ' push broom hold end to end , push ahead of they a large quantity of confetti , bit of paper and refuse of the hilarious night before . camera pull back , revealing three street - sweeper . in the background we see the sign : london wax museum -- grand open tonight first time in america and in front of the place , as camera move up again to the entrance , we see a janitor sweeping off the sidewalk . he be a strange , unwholesome - look character . he have sweep most of the sidewalk , push the collect debris into a pile in the gutter , when he attention be catch by the protrude end of a whiskey bottle which show in the pile . he pick up the bottle and see that there be a little bit of liquid leave in it , and he drain it , drop by drop , into he mouth . he stoops to examine the pile further . igor's voice ( off scene ) otto ! otto ! get in here ! camera follows he as he turn and go into the museum . 57 int . museum mo . shot of igor in background we see a veritable beehive of activity . a number of workmen , include painter , carpenter , be busy building and design screenlike background for the various exhibit , place figure on platform , etc . in the center of the room , watch they , be Ivan igor . camera move to a 58 close shot of igor he be much change , but still recognizable as the man we know before the fire . his beard and hair be almost white and have be permit to grow to far great length , but the feature be essentially the same , except that when he speak or move he face be strangely immobile . he be seat in a wheelchair , which be propel by sprocket wheel on the arm of the chair . in order to manage this , there be a special cup or basket attach to the handle , as he hand be hideously deform and practically useless for the purpose . he be impatient and angry with the worker , venting he anger immediately the janitor appear . igor propel the chair forward . 59 mo . shot igor and janitor igor , stop , point angrily at floor immediately surround some of the group , where shaving , excelsior and other pack material and debris be scattered . igor ( to janitor ) do it take you all morning to sweep that patch of sidewalk ? come , clean up this mess , and do not try to sweep this trash behind that screen . I want it remove . janitor yes , sir . start to clean up around nearest group . igor wheel toward another group , followed by camera , and address workmen angrily . igor come , look , you fellow . you spend two day on something that should have take two hour . one of the workmen turn angrily . workman say , listen , Old - timer , they abolish slavery in this country a long time ago . igor be it slavery to do what you be be pay for ? I have announce the open of this museum tonight . wheel angrily away . the workman laugh . camera follows igor as he wheel to end of museum where Hugo and Ralph be at work put the finish touch on two individual figure . Hugo be a man of middle age , with a insane , crafty face , unkempt hair and several day growth of beard . he smile continually to himself as though some secret of he own amused he . he be deaf and dumb and when excited or angry emit strange terrifying growl similar to the noise we hear the monster utter . Ralph be rather a nice- look youngster and seem engross in what he be do . close shot igor come to a stop near Ralph and sit inspect he work . igor ( bitingly ) if my curiosity be not too great , would you mind tell I what manner of animal this be you be design ? ralph one of the maid - in-wait for that elizabethan group . igor ( raise he hand to heaven ) and he be not strike dead ! this man , he life ! it would be interesting to know , young man , where and when you study anatomy . ralph ( step back a little and look critically at the figure ) that do not seem so bad to I . what be wrong with it ? igor everything , my friend . and you hope to be a great sculptor -- ( laugh ) a great sculptor . look -- this forearm be at least two inch too long . ralph but the composition as a whole -- I have try to keep a sketchy freedom . igor if it be freedom to represent people with limb that do not match -- cripple -- you have achieve you purpose . anatomy ! Heaven forgive you . you must have study with a sideshow of freak ! camera swing as igor whirl chair and see Hugo 's piece . igor and this fellow ! look , I ask you ... look what this cobbler be do ! Ralph grin . igor take one of the crutch that ride beside he on chair and , reach out , poke Hugo 's shoulder . Hugo turn with a startle growl . igor ( point with crutch to figure which look not unlike Hugo himself -- shout ) what be this ? be you so beautiful that you make everything in you own likeness ? Hugo utter a uncanny sound identify with deaf-mute . igor , realize that Hugo do not hear he , just wave he back to work . igor it 's a great mercy of Providence that this fellow can not hear . ( turn back to Ralph , suddenly extend two horribly maim , clawlike hand toward Ralph . ) look ! look at that claw ! if I have that hand of yours , I would show you the meaning of what you be try to do . all that beautiful thing that be destroy I could restore . it be a great irony that you people without soul should have hand . 61 ext . alley entrance rear of museum we see a truck back in , and sparrow , whom we first see at Worth 's house , climb down from the driver 's seat and enter museum . 62 int . museum igor be still speak . igor but go on , go back to work . it be hopeless to talk to such people . he suddenly stop and turn he head . camera swing to follow he line of vision and pick up rear entrance as door open and sparrow enter . igor wheel chair rapidly toward sparrow , camera following . igor ( eagerly ) have you get it ? be it complete ? sparrow yes , sir , it 's here on the truck , but it 's pretty heavy -- I will need help . igor ( turn and shout ) otto ! you and one of that other fellow ! come help Professor darcey . janitor come forward , follow by two workmen . janitor yes , sir . igor and hurry , please . this figure have still to be mount and dress . sparrow exit with three man , leave door open . igor wheel back toward Ralph and Hugo . he laugh delightedly , address Ralph . igor and now , my friend , you be to see something that one can in truth describe as art . Professor darcey do not try to keep freedom and sketchiness in he figure . he be a artist . he work at home , hour , when such people as you be loafing . he be a artist . the four man carry in a long , narrow box similar to the one that be deliver to Worth . sparrow shall we unpack it ? igor yes . one of the workmen take a claw hammer from strap in overall and start remove the lid as igor wheel himself quickly toward sparrow and the worker . camera follows and , as the lid of the box be remove , some burlap and other pack material lift out , and the box raise on end , we see the head , shoulder and one arm of a beautiful , lifelike figure of a girl . we identify the face immediately as that of Joan gale . as the worker go about remove the rest of the pack , igor whirl and address the other worker who have advanced and stand admire the figure . igor get back to work ! you will have plenty of time to look at this . as the worker return to they various job , one of they grin . worker some mama ! ( note : the museum be , in all essential , identical with the institution in London , the one figure miss from the restore ensemble be that of Marie antoinette . ) 63 close shot of igor and sparrow close to wall on which hang a photo of igor as a young man stand beside statue of Marie antoinette . igor it be exquisite -- almost as beautiful as the original . ( point to picture on wall . ) I hope one day to have you restore Marie antoinette . ( sparrow be in a highly nervous state , which igor detect . ) sparrow I would be glad to , Mr. igor . ( lean close to igor -- in subdued tone . ) I think I will have something ' to tell you soon . igor you have do well , and now I , too , have something for you . come . 64 telephone booth near entrance of museum Ralph approach and enter it . we see he dial for a number . 65 close shot of hall phone which ring and Charlotte Duncan ( fay wray ) enter scene and answer it . we see that in stature and face she be almost identical with the lose figure of Marie antoinette . charlotte ( into phone ) hello . ( laugh . ) oh , hello , dear . I be just think of you . ... I be , too ... no , I have not forget . CUT to : 66 ralph at phone ralph ( laugh ) you better not forget or I will cut you out of my will . but listen , we will have to go somewhere close . I will only have a few minute . 67 charlotte at phone charlotte we will go to that Little bohemian place ... . yes , I like the food there .... all right , then , at twelve . she hang up receiver . camera truck rack to 68 int . live room of SMALL apartment a modestly furnish room . there be a studio couch , right , on which Florence have be sleep . she straighten up , rub she eye , yawn , as Charlotte turn away from phone . florence ( as Charlotte turn away from phone ) who be it ? penny ante ? charlotte yes , why ? florence I wonder . do he invite you to lunch , or do you invite he ? charlotte I wish you would not be so sarcastic about Ralph . he 's the sweetest kid I know . Florence throw herself on bed , full - length , laugh . charlotte what be you laugh at ? florence I just have a picture of you tell a landlady some day that you do not have the rent , but Ralph be awful sweet . charlotte I do not see any big-money boy run after you . florence I meet one last night ... all the money this side of Peoria . charlotte do you ? where ? florence in the can . ( Charlotte start . ) the hoosegow ! Mrs. Winton 's little boy . the pawk Avenue winton , you know ... and plenty of do - re-mi . ( go smoothly into melody of " jail-house blue . " sing . ) he 's in the jail- house now ... lap dissolve to : 69 close shot at hall door at tomb open Young Winton come through and be lead away by turnkey . turnnkey ( address Winton ) come on . bring you stuff , you be goin ' out . 70 int . office of the tomb two prosperous middle - age lawyer be seat near a desk talk to the official in charge . one of they be present a court order for Winton 's release to the official . the door open and a turnkey lead young Winton into the room . Winton cross quickly to the attorney , both of whom rise , and , shaking hand with one , he laugh weakly . winton mister , when I say I be happier to see you than I ever be to see anybody in my life , you know that it come from the heart . ( nodding to other man . ) how be you , Mr. Gates ? second attorney ( shaking hand with Winton ) splendid , my boy , splendid . what do you think you have be up to ? winton not a thing . first attorney ( laugh ) I hope you father accept that statement . winton be dad here ? second attorney no . I talk to he long distance this morning . winton be he pretty sore ? first attorney well , he be not exactly overjoy . winton what do he say ? second attorney he say to get you out of trouble and then hire someone to punch you head off . ( all three laugh . ) first attorney have you have lunch ? winton no . first attorney well , come on , we will get something to eat . they cross toward door . winton ( to official behind desk ) good morning . official hope to see you again soon . winton I hope you do not . they exit , laugh . the guard who bring Winton in look after the depart man . guard ( as door close behind they ) I would give a year 's pay to work on that puppy ! official but you do not shellac a guy when he can put up a hundred thousand dollar bail . dissolve to : 71 int . of taxi cab Florence and Charlotte occupy the cab . Charlotte seem indignant but Florence be amused . charlotte well , I do not want to offend you , but , frankly , it 's none of you business . I do not interfere in you affair . florence I do not have any affair . what do you mean ? charlotte I do not think you could have a real affair . you could not care for anyone . florence I have be in love so many time my heart be callouse ... but I have never hit one with dough . this love - in- an-attic be not my idea of a way to spend a pleasant afternoon . charlotte I do not agree with you . florence all right , you raise the kid -- I will raise the roof . I would rather die with a athletic heart from shaking cocktail and banker , than expire in a pan of dirty dish water . charlotte you would . florence he can look like a chimpanzee and act like a igorot but he must have dough -- plenty of dough . charlotte you think money be the only requisite . it happen that the poor people be happier . florence then marry Ralph ... you will be the happiest couple in the world . dissolve to : 72 . int . museum a shot at window as Ralph , consulting he watch , approach window and look out . through window we see a cab arrive . the two girl emerge from cab . Florence stop to pay driver . as Ralph turn from window and start for he hat and coat , camera pull back to a full shot . Ralph get hat and coat and start toward door . igor , who have be near the front of museum , wheel out in front of Ralph . igor and where do you think you be go , my good friend ? ralph to lunch . igor to lunch , you say . I be have coffee and sandwich send in . we be not leave until we have everything ready for the open . ralph but I have some friend wait . igor that be unfortunate . they will have to wait . ralph I will only be go about half a hour . igor if you leave before the work be do , you will be go for a much longer period ... you will be go for good . ralph all right , I will tell they . they be right here in front . Ralph exit and camera follows he through the door . 73 ext . museum entrance close three shot as Ralph enter to Charlotte and , take both she hand , kiss she lightly on cheek . he speak to Florence , who be stand beside Charlotte . ralph hello , Florence . how be you ? florence Fine , thanks . ralph gee , honey - bunch , I be sorry -- I be go to have to disappoint you . florence do not worry -- she will get use to it . she stroll up toward museum door , look through it at interior . charlotte disappoint I ? why , what do you mean , dear ? ralph well , you see , the old chap be pretty anxious to open on schedule . all of he advertising announce the open tonight . as Ralph continue he explanation to Charlotte , camera truck up behind Florence , and over her shoulder through glass panel we see interior of museum with the various figure . Close to door we see the janitor carry on he shoulder the Joan gale figure which he place on a pedestal in foreground . he carry the figure in such a position that we see the back of it first , and as he place it on the pedestal he turn it around so that we see the face . camera concentrate for several minute on this figure . 74 close - up florence Florence stare at it , puzzle . then recognition dawns . Ralph enter past camera and go to door . he be about to hurry into museum , when Florence detain he by a hand on he arm . as she turn , we get the two in profile . her expression be one of excitement . florence listen , genius , what be the chance for I to slip in and give this place the once over ? igor's voice ( hear through partly open door ) Ralph ! burton ! be you go to stay out there all day ? ralph ( draw door to quietly and lowering he tone ) I do not know ... the old man 's pretty peppery right now . why do not you look in tonight ? florence he might get some publicity out of it . ralph no use . he 's a crab , I tell you . florence ( look through glass panel to igor ) who ? Old Santa Claus there ? that 's easy for anyone with my sex appeal . he 's a pushover . watch I stand that old dodo on he ear . she push past Ralph and enter museum , follow by Ralph . ralph nix , flo -- he will not let you in and you will only get I in dutch . florence horsefeather ! 75 int . museum igor see a stranger enter with Ralph and wheel chair rapidly toward they , speak as he go . igor no visitor allow ! you people will have to get out ! florence aw , listen , beaver , I be from - - igor ( interrupt curtly ) I do not care where you be from , young woman . I have say no visitor ! he suddenly look up and see Charlotte , who enter museum a bit hesitatingly . igor stop speak abruptly and sit , stare . 76 close - up charlotte from igor's angle we see Charlotte , smile slightly . then double-exposed over she figure come the costume wear by igor 's Marie antoinette in the London museum . this fade immediately and we see Charlotte as she be , smile at igor . 77 close - up igor stare , fascinate . camera draw back to include the group again and Ralph notice something strange in igor 's manner . ralph what 's the matter , Mr. igor ? igor ( as though come out of a trance ) nothing -- nothing at all , my boy . I should like to meet you friend . Florence , take advantage of the introduction , slip away , as camera angle widen , and , to avoid suspicion , look carefully at several figure during the follow conversation , finally arrive before the Joan gale figure , where she stop and study the figure carefully . ralph why , certainly , sir . my fiance . Charlotte , may I present Mr. igor . charlotte delighted , I be sure . ( igor extend hand to she . ) igor if you will forgive this poor , crippled stump , my dear , I be very happy to know you . charlotte thank you . igor ( laugh whimsically ) although you would be amused if I be to tell you that I know you before you be bear . before this terrible thing happen to I ... ( his voice quaver . ) ... I make a very beautiful statue . even if I have not meet with this disaster , I could never have hope to do anything finer , probably nothing quite so fine . and , my child , you be that figure come to life . I wonder , some time , would you pose for one of my sculptor who do very excellent work ? charlotte I would love to , at any time . Florence , who seem to have satisfied herself as to the identity of the figure , turn abruptly and come toward they . florence well , I be a woman who crave nourishment . let 's ankle out of here and find a beanery . come on , moon-struck . ( take Charlotte by the arm . ) let 's get go . sparrow , who have be hover in the background , approach the group and stand just behind igor 's chair . as Florence and Charlotte cross to door , Charlotte smile back at igor . charlotte we will be come to the open . igor at any time . you will always be welcome . florence ( to igor ) so long , pop , see you in jail . sparrow start perceptibly . ralph until this evening . the two girl exit . 78 ext . in front of museum the two girl come from building and be start toward corner when Florence , see a cab , signal to it . it swing in to curb . florence listen , kid , I be go to leave you flat . I just think of something and I have get to get to the office . charlotte ( run a few step after she as Florence approach cab ) but what about lunch ? florence I will have it for supper . ( climb into cab . ) so long . cab swing away from curb . Charlotte stand look after it , bewilder . 79 int . museum Hugo and Ralph return to work . sparrow stand beside igor , who be address Ralph . igor and you , young man , it be a matter to astonish one . you be engage to that beautiful girl , who be just here . you have live close to that beautiful creature , and yet you produce such caricature as this . ( indicating Ralph 's work . ) ralph Charlotte be lovely , be not she ? igor , who seem to be in much better temper than we have see he for some time , laugh . igor exquisite ! but I be go to rechristen she for you , my friend . she be not to be Charlotte any more , she be Marie antoinette . igor point to picture of himself and the figure of Marie antoinette . sparrow , who have be stand near they , come closer to igor , as camera move up to close shot . a look of extreme cun appear on he face . sparrow she be exactly like that statue ? picture clearly show on wall . igor she be the soul of that statue . sparrow I wonder if I could have she pose for I . camera angle widen as Hugo laugh knowingly . sparrow turn quickly and look at he suspiciously . sparrow what be you laugh at ? igor he can not hear you . tapping himself on forehead , igor indicate that Hugo be a little balmy . dissolve to : 80 editor' office Florence enter . florence hello , Light - o'-my-life ! editor ( look up ) come in , prussic acid . what 's on you mind ? florence I want to see the original picture of Joan gale . editor ( into dictaphone ) hey , mattie , dig into the morgue and send up all the art you have on Joan gale . a voice ( answer through dictaphone ) right , Chief . 81 a long metal filing cabinet a girl open compartment mark ga. running through file , she extract a number of photograph and walk out of scene . 82 editor' office editor ( to Florence , who be sit on edge of he desk ) well , why so mysterious ! come on , spill it . florence so you can give I a argument and tell I I be wrong . do not be sil , kid . the girl filing clerk enter and deposit picture on desk . editor thanks , mattie . mattie yes , sir . Florence have snatch the picture from the desk and examine they carefully . suddenly drop they on desk . florence ( get to she foot ) I be right ! I know I be right ! editor well , no one would ever suspect it . you do not sound right . Florence draw chair beside desk , drop into it and lean over , talk excitedly . florence listen , Jim -- and if you wisecrack while I be talk I will crown you with the inkwell . editor all right , wise guy . go ahead . spill it . florence Jim , there 's a little hokey - pokey wax museum open up down on 14th Street . editor now do not that call for a extra ! florence I ask you to keep you trap shut ! editor well , you can not blame a guy for get a little breathless with a scoop like that . florence ( rise indignantly ) all right , you poor baboon , you can guess the rest of it ! editor no kiddin' . what 's you idea ? florence just this -- I get a look at that dump a little while ago and if they have not get a wax figure of Joan gale in that line - up , then I be crazy . editor we will grant that . florence what ! editor ( impatiently ) about the gale girl , I mean . where do we go from there ? what of it ? florence listen , jo-jo . do this mean anything to you ? Joan gale 's body swipe from the morgue -- do you ever hear of such a thing as a death mask ? editor I use to be marry to one . florence and it come to life and divorced you . I know all about that . now my idea be this : somebody swipe the girl 's body , take impression , make a mold , produce wax figure ... bingo ! ... peddle it to this old skate down there ! editor work that up into a comic strip and syndicate it . florence let it go . editor come down to earth . do you think they would dare do anything like that ? do not you think they would know that figure would be recognize ? shake you head real hard -- you will be all right . florence all right , master mind . ( start toward door . ) but there 's something cockey about that joint and I be go to find out what it be . ( she get to the door . ) editor oh , by the way , another pet theory of yours just blow up . florence what do you mean ? editor that dear , innocent judge ramsey that you be so sure get bump off for know too much have be locate in South America . florence ( with hand on knob ) no kiddin ' ? editor almost certain . florence ( laugh -- open door ) almost ! I will still bet I be right , and let you write you own ticket . she exit . fade out fade in 83 ext . STREET in greenwich village Charlotte turn a corner and walk briskly toward camera , finally turn into a apartment about a quarter of the way down the block . as she disappear into the building , sparrow appear around the corner and , walk past the building she enter , stop and light a cigarette , inspect the building immediately adjoin the apartment house . there be a large for sale or Rent sign on the front of the building , give the name and address of the agent handle the property . sparrow go to a basement door and try it , find it lock . he be investigate one of the window when he see that he be observe by a passer - by , and , take a notebook from he pocket , apparently copy the name and address of the realty firm from the sign , and walk back in the direction from which he come , whistling . fade out fade in 84 int . live room wintone bachelor suite Worth be stand near door . Winton , crossing to he , hand he a sum of money . winton ( as he count money into Worth 's hand ) well , that square everything . worth yep . everything settle . winton good . well , I will be see you . worth ( as he cross to door ) I be glad they do not hold you downtown . winton they do not have a leg to stand on . there 's no case against I . it 's a clumsy thing to have happen , but nothing to worry about . worth well , any time I can do anything for you -- winton thanks . we hear the telephone ring and Winton cross to answer it . worth see you later . good-by . Worth exit . winton so long . ( into phone . ) hello . 85 close shot telephone booth florence ( into phone ) hello . be this convict 87 thousand 412 -- and a half ? -- Ho - ho , do not swoon . -- this be the voice of the New York Express broadcasting . 86 a shot of winton at telephone winton oh , hello there . say , I be awfully glad you phone . I want to thank you for try to cheer I up last night . 87 a shot of florence in phone booth florence how do you feel by now ? ... yeh ... well , listen , if you be grateful , you can prove it and maybe do yourself a good turn at the same time ... righto . now at about 8:30 tonight you be in you car at -- dissolve to : 88 ext . vacant build ( wind ) night we see sparrow inspect . Florence pass in front of building and enter the apartment house adjoin . camera travel up the front of the vacant building to the roof . 89 ext . roof of vacant build we see a skylight force open , the monster clamber out onto the roof and creep stealthily to edge , peer into light window of apartment house . camera follows he . shoot past he into room beyond , we see Charlotte just put the final touch to she toilette , prepare to put on dress . the monster , gaug the distance carefully , spring across space separate building and cling to fire escape ladder like a huge monkey . he lean out from ladder and be about to raise window sash when the door of the room open and Florence enter . 90 int . apartment house room Charlotte be dress . florence come on , beautiful , leap into that loin cloth . charlotte there 's no hurry . it 's early . florence ( patting stomach ) I can not convince the inner woman that we can wait . she 's howling for a bit of ground beef before we drop in on Santa Claus and the other dummy . I have only have a cup of coffee since last night . charlotte why do not you eat last night ? florence ouch ! eat ? you can do a solo if you do not step on it . I be go to bow out on you . charlotte what 's the rush ? there 's no first act . they will all be there and we do not have to appear at any particular time . florence I be hungry . I will eat the first child I see . and I have a appointment with young Winton at 8:30 . charlotte ( seriously ) you would not get mix up with that little rotter , would you ? florence no ? give I a chance , baby . money be music in my ear , and when he old man kick off there will be a million dollar tune . charlotte ( disgust ) if you be go to be indiscreet , I wish you would be a little more discreet about it . Rich man , like Winton , love you and leave you . florence yeah , but they leave you plenty . 91 ext . roof of vacant build the monster have return to the roof of vacant building . he show a blind fury at the chance lose , and finally descend through skylight . fade out fade in 92 ext . museum stand beside the door be what appear to be a wax doorman in uniform . there be a number of curious people look at the lobby display . one of the visitors look at he now . be not that as real as life ? now the figure suddenly move he finger , jerkily , as if he be a wax figure , then speak . spieler ( walk up and down ) step right up , lady and gentleman . you can not afford to miss this exhibition that have thrilled the monarch of the world . for the first time , America be privileged to see the collection pronounce by art lover to be the finest in the world ! during this speech Florence and Charlotte enter the picture and start toward museum door . 93 int . museum we hear music come from a modern victrola that change record by itself . igor , in wheelchair , be in front of statue of Sir walter Raleigh , kneel on a spread velvet cloak on ground before the figure of Queen Elizabeth , who be smile at he graciously . igor the history of this figure , my friend , be more interesting , perhaps , when I tell you that the original be destroy twelve year ago in a fire in London , and restore only after year of arduous toil . to reproduce the figure destroy I spend year training man to do the work that I can no longer do . some of my workmen have train for year before I would let they undertake a single figure of this group that you have be look at tonight . this have be a close shot of igor and we assume that he have be address a rather large gather , but as camera swing we see a pitifully small audience of not more than ten people . 94 MAIN entrance of museum where Ralph be stand near door to receive visitor . camera move up to a 95 close shot of ralph as Charlotte and Florence enter , he take a step forward to meet they . ralph hello , hello . you be late . ( take a step back from Charlotte and look at she admiringly . ) gee , that 's a pretty dress . have I ever see that before ? charlotte I think so . florence well , thank goodness , that 's settle . she walk directly to the figure she suspect , camera trucking after she . 96 ext . STREET in front of about four or five building remove from entrance . Winton , in roadster , pull up to curb and look up and down street expectantly . the barker be continue he announcement through megaphone . 97 int . museum igor have end he lecture , and Ralph be escort a group of visitor to the door . ralph we hope you have enjoy see this thing tonight . I hope you will tell you friend for we believe we have something here of genuine public interest . ( as the last of the visitor file through the door . ) good night . thank you . call again . 98 close shot of florence as she inspect the Joan gale figure . we see that all doubt have be dispell and that she be absolutely sure of she ground . glancing about quickly , to be sure she be not observe , she stealthily stick a pin into the arm of the figure as if convincing herself it be make of wax . 99 shot of igor as the last of the visitor be leave , sparrow come down behind he and , lean over back of he chair , whisper something to he . igor turn sharply . igor ( in intense , hushed tone ) be you sure of that ? be you sure ? sparrow I would know he anywhere . igor do not lose sight of he . this be the most important thing in my life . sparrow see Charlotte and Ralph approach and signal igor to silence . as sparrow walk away , Ralph and Charlotte walk toward igor smile . ralph ( in a rather encourage tone ) I would not feel too disappointed at the slimness of you audience tonight , Mr. igor . the weather be against you , and the people be tired and get over they celebration and prepare to go to work tomorrow . igor quite so . quite so . ( extend hand to Charlotte who have be close beside Ralph . ) and you , my little friend , my little Marie antoinette . it be kind of you to be present . charlotte but I think this thing be beautiful . igor they be . ( to Ralph . ) my boy , I think you be right . everyone be tired out today and now that we have see my door open in a new country , I be beginning to realize that I be a little tired myself . you can call that fellow in from the front . I think we will close for the night . ralph yes , sir . Ralph walk away toward the front door and camera move up to 100 a close shot of igor and charlotte igor I think I should have feel a little discourage tonight but now everything seem quite as it should be . you know , to find just one person who appreciate my beautiful child here change everything for I . ( he glance about to see that he be not observe , and continue . ) you must come some time in the morning when there be no crowd about and I can give you more of my time . Florence enter and break up the conversation . florence good evening , Mr. igor . I have be admire you work . properly illuminate , they be more impressive than they be this morning . igor yes , for a time I despair of ever achieve the same effect I have abroad . and then lighting come to my rescue . florence I be particularly interested in that group over there . she point and camera swing to 101 close shot of charlotte corday bending over figure of marat igor's voice yes , that one be very fine . its drama seem to interest people . florence's voice and this one , this single figure of Joan of Arc . camera swing to 102 close shot of the joan gale figure igor's voice that ? yes , that be the most recently complete . it only arrive this morning . 103 other corner of set Ralph cross in front of sparrow . 104 shot of igor , florence and charlotte show length of museum and front entrance . florence you do this yourself ? igor no , no , my friend . never since this hand be burn have I create anything . I have only be able to direct the work of other . florence but who do it ? sparrow , who have be stand in background during the precede dialogue , listen nervously , now show extreme uneasiness as igor reply . igor ( point ) Professor darcey . he have be my hand for year . 105 close - up sparrow he shift nervously and laugh self - consciously . 106 int . cloakroom rear of museum the deaf and dumb man on scene as Ralph enter . Ralph , slip into overcoat , scarf , etc. , slap he on the back . ralph ( yell ) good night ! the mute chuckle inanely as Ralph make he exit . after Ralph be go , Hugo take a black , loose ulster -- a couple of size too large -- and hat from the hook , he clothes resembling that wear by the monster . slip into they , he exit from cloakroom and disappear through a rear door . 110 int . museum the janitor come up the step from igor 's private workroom . he look to the entrance to the street and we see 108 igor just bid good night to Florence , Charlotte and Ralph . 109 the janitor glance about and feel that he be unobserve , cross quickly to the statue of Joan gale and raise he hand as though to caress it , when sparrow appear from behind another figure , grin evilly . sparrow good night . the janitor start guiltily and slink quickly out through rear door . 110 ext . STREET in front of museum sparrow come from museum and turn to the right out of picture , but call to the other who be still stand in doorway . sparrow good night . Florence show agitate concern in look after the retreate figure of sparrow . 111 ext . STREET near museum Winton , seat in roadster . he catch sight of Florence and sound the auto horn . she see he and wave . 112 ext . entrance of museum florence ( to Ralph and Charlotte ) you people will have to struggle along without I . there 's my heavy date . no foul in the clinch ! she run toward car . 113 ext . STREET wintone car Florence get into roadster . florence ( breathlessly ) hurry up ! tail that little runt down the street ! in extreme background we see sparrow turn a corner , then we see the car follow quickly and turn the corner after he . 114 ext . STREET near museum charlotte and ralph camera follows they as they walk down the street . ralph I wish you would cut she out and get a place by yourself . ( look after Florence . ) charlotte but why ? she 's the best friend I have get . ralph she be not anybody 's friend , and I do not like you live with she . she 's a bad influence . charlotte nonsense . she 's one of the nicest girl I know . ralph what 's nice about she ? ... a hard - boil little gold digger . charlotte ( heatedly ) I will not let you say that ! ralph well , I do say it . charlotte she think it 's funny to talk the way she do , but -- ralph ( interrupt ) do not kid yourself -- she mean it . charlotte be we go to have the same quarrel over again ? ralph I be not quarreling , only ... dissolve to : 115 ext . STREET that sparrow be traversing the car , with Winton and Florence , loafing a block in the rear . 116 close shot wintone car florence do not ask any question right now . I think we be on the trail of hot news . dissolve to : 117 ext . STREET charlotte and ralph they argument have grow rather heat . charlotte yes , certainly I would . and I would be terribly disappointed if you be stupid enough to object to it . ralph you would not have say that before you meet she . charlotte I would call it stupid at any time . ralph well , that 's just how stupid I be . when you go riding , it will be with I . and if it 's with someone else , you can make it a permanent arrangement . charlotte ( stop and draw she arm away from he ) so that 's the way it be ? ralph that 's the way I feel about it . charlotte I be glad you tell I . good night , Mr. burton . turn , she walk rapidly away . Ralph stand , look after she . dissolve to : 118 ext . worthas home where we see the mysterious box deliver . sparrow walk into picture and ring bell beside door on street level . after a short pause , the door be open and he disappear through it . the car carry Winton and Florence pass the house and , go to the next corner , stop . winton do not you think this would be as good a time as any to break the news to I ? what 's it all about ? florence well , as one of the interested party , I suppose I might as well tell you the glad tiding . I think the fellow we have be follow have something to do with the robbery at the morgue . Winton show nervousness and distaste . winton now look here . it 's not up to we to do we own detective work . I have have enough trouble over this matter . I do not want anything more to do with it . florence not even if it give you a clean bill of health ? winton not even then . the police be the proper people to conduct this affair . now if you have get any suspicion I will drive you to the nearest police station . florence what ! and let every rag in town grab a red-hot story ? not so you could notice it ! now , look , I want you to drive I around the corner and wait for I . winton I tell you I do not want to mix in it . florence ( jump from car ) all right , brother . then you can go to some nice warm place , and I do not mean California . she start back toward Worth 's house . Winton overtake she . winton please . I be sorry . I will see it through . what do you want I to do ? florence I tell you what to do . drive around the corner out of sight of the house . I want to get a closer look at the place . he start back toward car . 119 int . worthas office in house Worth be seat at the desk and sparrow be stand in front of he . Worth be speak . worth you be yellow to the core -- just yellow . sparrow ( whimper ) no , I be not . but I have have the uncanniest feelin ' that someone 's be watchin ' I . worth ( laugh ) nobody 's watch you . you be yellow and you nerve be go . and let I tell you , I will do nothing to help you nerve until it 's deliver , and you might as well get that through you head . sparrow all right , then , I will phone . he reach for the phone on Worth 's desk . Worth snatch it away from he . worth not over this phone , you fool ! get outside to make the call . sparrow okay , boss . sparrow turn , walk toward camera . 120 ext . front of worthas house Florence come in and pause and , glance quickly up and down the street , run down step to basement door , which she try cautiously . find it lock , she try to peer through window , and finally try lower sash , which open . she climb through window to basement . 121 ext . corner of STREET where Winton be wait . the street door of house open and sparrow appear , start away in opposite direction from corner where Winton wait . 122 int . basement room in worthas house Florence be feel she way about . she pass in front of mirror , see she own reflection , jump back , startle , trip and sit down heavily on a pine box that might contain a coffin . she gasp and spring to she foot , terrify . 123 ext . corner of STREET two plain-clothes man approach Winton and address he . first detective well , buddy , what 's the stall ? winton I be wait for someone . first detective yeah , for who ? winton I do not think it concern you . second detective come on , Winton . cut out the bluff . we have be watch you ever since you leave the tomb and you have do some pretty suspicious thing . now what be you do here ! winton what have I do that 's suspicious ? first detective for one thing , you have a visitor at you apartment today , not exactly the kind of a person I would expect you to entertain ... a person who life in this block . 124 int . basement in worthas house Florence be raise up from inspection of box when she see the reflection of the monster in mirror and drop down behind the box . the figure of the monster glide into the room , stand as though listen for a moment and then disappear in shadow . we hear someone ascend a flight of rickety stair . 125 ext . corner of STREET winton and two detective winton ( point down the street excitedly ) I have get to follow that fellow , I tell you . I have reason to believe he know what become of Joan gale 's body . you have no right to stop I . first detective hang onto he , Paul . I will get the other bird . he start off in the direction Winton have point . in extreme background we see sparrow occasionally as he pass under a arc lamp . the detective follow he , walk rapidly . as detective pass Worth 's house , CUT to : 126 close shot of basement window Florence clamber through and hurry up the stair . she be chatter with fright . she get to the top of the stair , stand and sway , almost fall . 127 ext . corner of STREET long shot Florence run toward Winton and detective . camera follows she to a 128 close shot of the three Florence grab Winton by the shoulder and speak hysterically . florence I find it ! I find the body ! detective what ! what be you talk about ? florence the body of Joan gale ! detective ( get a look at Florence ) hello , Express . what 's the idea , try to outsmart the police ? florence ( seriously ) I be not kid . Joan gale 's body be pack in the box in the basement , and I see the most horrible thing down there . detective be you give I this straight ? florence do not take my word for it . get down there yourself and give a look . the officer blow police whistle . 129 close shot of sparrow just come under street lamp . we hear a police whistle back of he . he turn , look back , terrify , and dart away at a quick run . 130 close shot of officer back of he , also break into a run . we hear the sound of night stick be strike against the sidewalk and police whistle from different direction and at various distance . 131 ext . STREET in front of worthas house the detective , Winton and Florence be approach . several uniform policeman be run toward they from both intersect street . there be a ad lib confuse babble of voice as a number of curious people approach the house from several direction . first detective ( to Winton ) get this skirt out of here ! we do not need hysterics . this thing have to be handle smoothly . Winton try to take Florence away . she tear loose . florence listen , copper , get a load of this . while you be chin yourself on a bar rail , I run down this story ... my story . consider yourself my assistant . detective what do you think I be ? florence ( shrugging ) whatever you be , you be the only one of it . detective ( produce police card ) it happen that I be the law . florence how quaint . but I can go any place you can . ( show she credential . ) 132 int . office in worthas house we see Worth cross the room and go through a door into a adjoin room . then we hear a doorbell ring rapidly . the monster appear through the door Worth just make a exit through , come to the center of the room and stand listen . evidently they become tired of ringing , with no response , for we hear they start to batter in the door . the monster turn and vanish quickly the way he come . we hear the door shattered and , after a moment 's pause , a officer appear stealthily , with draw revolver , around the hall door of the room . officer nobody here , Chief . first detective ( peer through door ) well , take it easy . let 's get some light on here . ( Officer flash flashlight in search of switch . ) first detective ( call into hallway ) a couple of you fellow get upstairs ! voice ( off scene ) yes , sir . we hear they ascend the stair . Officer cross and gingerly open door of room that the monster disappear through , flash light about and enter . 133 int . room adjoining worthas office there be only the one entrance door , and the window of the room , when the officer examine it with flashlight , appear to be flat against the brick wall of the adjoin house . the room be empty . 134 int . worthas office the detective , evidently find switch , have throw on light . he be talk to Florence and Winton . detective can you give I a description of the person you see ? florence not a very good one , I guess . he be not like anything human . he hobble and sway like a monkey , and the face , from the glimpse I get of it in the light from the street , be like a African war mask . detective you mean he be color ? florence I do not know what he be , but he make frankenstein look like a lily ! the officer come in from the adjoin room . officer well , there 's nothing on this floor . we hear the man descend stair from floor above . the detective step to the door . detective ( call ) do you find anything up there ? a voice ( off scene -- as of someone approach ) no -- not even any furniture up there -- a lot of old papers and junk . the two uniform policeman enter from hall . detective be there any rear entrance to this place ? policeman I could not find any . detective well , let 's give the basement a look . 135 int . hall in worthas house the officer and detective , with Florence and Winton , approach basement door and cautiously start to descend step to basement . 136 int . basement of worthas house two uniform man enter and flash light everywhere . one of they try door to rear room . it open . they turn back and shout . policeman no one here . light come on as though switch be throw on other side of partition . Florence , Winton and two detective enter , follow by the two uniform policeman . florence ( point to the box ) there she be ! you will find Joan gale in that box . winton ( sink back against wall and gasp ) no -- no -- I -- I -- I do not want to see it . ( start toward door . ) detective wait a minute ! you stay right where you be . ( to one of the policeman as he see a small hatchet on a table . ) get that hatchet and open this up . one officer get the hatchet and the other drag the box a little nearer the center of the room and they start to pry off the lid . as they pull one nail , it come out with a mournful shriek . Florence almost fall over a smaller box in she effort to get away . florence oh , what would not I give for a slug of gin ! with a terrific rip sound , they finally succeed in remove the lid . everybody crowd forward to peer at what they believe to be a corpse , as camera come to a 137 close - up of the BOX its content reveal to be row on row of bottle of scotch whiskey . a officer 's hand come in and lift out a bottle . camera draw back to 138 mo . shot of the room florence ( sink back onto box , extend hand and wiggling finger ) oh , gimme , gimme ! there be a general shout of laughter and the basement door open and the second detective enter , drive sparrow ahead of he . sparrow ( blubber ) I be not do nothin ' -- you be not get no right to arrest I ! what 's the charge against I ? the detective slap he face . detective now , who own this layout ? come on , spill it . sparrow I do not know . I be never here before tonight . detective ( slap he again ) you do not know , oh ... you do not know anything about it . sparrow no . all I know be there be a fellow name Worth -- winton Worth ! sparrow yes , sir , that be he name . winton that 's my bootlegger 's name ! be he a heavyset fellow , with a stubby moustache ? sparrow yes , sir , that 's the bird . winton ( laugh ) I hope he deliver the stuff I pay he for this afternoon . ( then , remember -- to detective . ) I tell you it be a bootlegger you see at my place . detective ( to one of the uniform policeman ) here , take this fellow in . one of the policeman lead sparrow out roughly . sparrow ( as he go ) I be not do nothin' . I would not even deliver some stuff for he . Florence start pile bottle of whiskey on she arm like a armload of cordwood . detective hey , what do you think you be do ? put that stuff back ! florence nothing do . this be my percentage . you bird be go to get yours . and anyhow , I find this dump . she exit , follow by Winton . there be a general laugh . dissolve to : 139 large white bulb at entrance of police station showing precinct numeral camera pull back show Winton seat in car near entrance . a policeman be take sparrow up the step . camera follows they in . 140 int . police sergeant's office sergeant look up as policeman and sparrow enter . sergeant junky , eh . policeman yeh -- peddle . ( to sparrow . ) put up you hand ! sparrow hold up he hand . the policeman search he , lay article from he pocket on desk before sergeant . among the article be a very handsome watch . the sergeant look at it . sergeant a classy turnip . must have dip it . lay it on desk with a pile of other thing . 141 int . police captain office Captain be seat at desk . he be laugh heartily at Florence . florence imagine my embarrassment . the razzing I be go to get be nobody 's business . I tail a corpse and stumble on a box full of spirit and not a dead one in the layout . captain they tell I you manage editor be poison . florence poison ! it take a sturdy person to look at he ! they be both laugh as the door open and the policeman enter , lead sparrow . policeman you want to talk to this fellow , Captain ? captain ( glance at sparrow contemptuously ) no , that 's all right , denny . he 's a junky . he will talk in a little while . just lock he up . policeman yes , sir . ( to sparrow . ) come on . he lead sparrow out . dissolve to : 142 int . horror chamber we have not see , up to this point , anything that would give we a clue as to the location of this room , which we now see for the first time . it be a stone room , with apparently but one open through a trap in the ceiling , which be approach by a spiral stairway . there be several huge vat of some steaming liquid , a few piece of dilapidate furniture and a embalm table in the center of the room . the monster descend step , carry the body of a man , wrap in burlap . he place it on table . dissolve to : 143 int . police station captain office florence ( rise ) well , the season 's best catch be out there wait in he roll -royce . I guess I will breeze . captain well , you ought to get a good laugh story out of it , anyhow . the door open . a man in uniform , but hatless , enter quickly and , come to desk , lay the watch take from sparrow before the captain . officer what do you think this be ? captain ( grin ) look like a watch . officer yeh , but do you know whose watch ? florence let 's break down and confess -- we do not know anything about it . Officer open the back of the watch and hold it so that she can read the inscription on inner case . officer judge ramsey 's ! that 's all ! captain ( reach out for it quickly ) what ! florence you be not kiddin ? captain where do this come from ? officer just take it off that junky . captain great ! get he down here . florence now you be talk . dissolve to : 144 ext . STREET in front of police station Winton seat in car . Florence run down step and climb into car . florence the office ! there 's not much traffic -- you can step on it ! winton ( as car pull away from curb ) you like take chance , do not you ! 145 int . car racing up broadway close shot florence why ? winton you go in for dangerous thing . florence darn if I do not ! ( reaches over quickly with leave hand and pull steering wheel . ) 146 reverse angle through windshield show narrowly avert collision . florence's voice slow down to ninety . I say the office , not the cemetery . 147 int . of car close shot winton no , really . I mean what I be say . I never believe there be woman like you in the world . you be game and decent . they narrowly miss strike another car . florence -- and so determine to live that I be go to get out and take a taxi if you do not watch where you be go . winton I suppose this be go to sound absurd . I have only know you twenty - four hour , but I be in love with you . florence it do not usually take that long , but I will forgive you -- you be in a tough spot when I meet you . winton no , really -- I be crazy about you . florence oh , be that what cause it ? winton you do not believe I . you think I be just talk . will you marry I ? florence how much money have you get ? winton Heaven know . a lot . florence well , that be the case , I will take it up with the board of director . hey , listen , aviator , here we be ! the car swing into the reporter 's entrance of the Express Building . florence hold everything . I will be right back . 148 int . editor' office the editor be just finish phone conversation . editor all right . give that a four-point head . no , that 's all it 's worth ... all right , you can play it up later if ... door open and Florence come in , breathless , extend hand . florence mit I , kid . I have get a classic . editor ( look at she with a melancholy expression ) you here again like a evil spirit to mar my happiness ? florence this one 's a story , but I be not go to tell you what it be . every time I tell you anything it go haywire . editor ( laugh ) what do you mean -- haywire ? you start out after murderer and come back with three - for-a-dime bootlegger . you start to solve murder mystery and break up crap game . you be grand ! I be for you ! stupendous ! florence ( step toward he desk belligerently ) say , you be always razzing everything I do , but this be one time I be in . editor go on , little girl , take you trouble somewhere else . I do not feel like talk to you . florence be there any art on judge ramsey ? editor ( laugh ) what goofy idea have you get now ? do not tell I you suspect judge ramsey of steal the body . florence ( go to door ) I be go to make you eat dirt , you soap bubble ! I be go to make you beg for somebody to help you let go ! fade out fade in 149 int . police station captain office sparrow be seat in the center of the room , quivering for want of the drug . a number of detective , in shirt - sleeve , evidently wear and tired themselves , be circle about the room . first detective so you find the watch in a taxi cab three month ago . be that right ? sparrow yes , sir . I get in the cab and it be layin ' there on the floor . first detective where be you go when you get in that cab ? sparrow I do not remember . not so very far -- first detective do not remember what day that be , do you ? sparrow no , sir . about three month ago . second detective remember what kind of a cab it be ? sparrow no , sir . just a cab . first detective you do not happen to be go to Worth 's place , do you ? sparrow no , sir , I be sure it be not there . first detective you use to go to Worth 's place a whole lot . what make you sure it be not there ? sparrow well , maybe it be . I do not remember . ( sparrow slip from chair to knee , sobbing . ) you get to do something for I , I can not stand it any longer -- I can not ! 150 near window two detective stand close shot one of the detective he 's beginning to break now -- he will talk pretty soon . other detective I do not know about that -- he 's be begging all night . look out of window and we see that it be almost daylight . other detective nearly half past eight . I never see a junky hold out like this before . fade out fade in 151 ext . museum the next morning the people pass be of the type who would be hurry to report for some office or clerical job around nine o'clock . Charlotte walk into picture , glance up and down street as though look for someone , then glance at watch and go to museum door , peer through panel . she try the door and find it open and enter . 152 int . wax museum long shot nobody be in scene . Charlotte enter , look about . charlotte ( call ) Ralph ! be you here ? there be no answer and she start down the length of the museum , occasionally call " Ralph . " as she pass a niche in the wall that contain a half figure of Dante on the platform , the camera move to close - up of that figure . the artificial lid be raise and we see the eye of a live person peer through and watch she progress . over this we hear she call " Ralph " again , but the call be grow fainter . the lid drop back into place . CUT to : 153 close shot near portiere Charlotte be near portiere which conceal door to workshop at rear . she draw curtain aside and step into workshop . CUT to : 154 int . workroom at rear Hugo be at work . Charlotte have advanced several step into the room before she become aware of he presence . she stop , startle . charlotte I beg you pardon -- be Ralph here ? there be no response as Hugo do not hear she . she advance a step farther , when he turn and grin at she . charlotte I be look for Ralph . Hugo , still grin , take a step toward she and make the hideous sound identify with deaf-mute . she start to back away from he , terrify . back toward portiere , follow by Hugo , she suddenly turn and dart through the curtain . her momentum carry she almost to igor , who be approach in wheelchair . she extend both she hand to he delightedly . he start to respond , then , catch sight of he crippled claw , drop they into he lap . charlotte oh ! Mr. igor ! -- I be so glad you be here -- I do not know why I should be , but I be a little bit afraid . igor oh ! so , my little friend , you have honore I by accept my invitation of last night . charlotte no -- I -- want to speak to Ralph . we have a silly argument last night and I say something unkind . igor ( laugh in a tender , fatherly way ) oh , you child , you happy child . you have quarrele and now you be go to be friend again . and that be as it should be . never let any stupid misunderstandings come between you . charlotte but it be really my fault . igor ( laugh ) and he will probably demand the life of anyone who agree with you . let he think it be he fault ... he should be along very shortly .. . but be very stern before you forgive he , especially if it be you fault ... while you be wait for you friend , would you like to see some new figure I have downstairs ? charlotte I would love to . camera follows they as igor wheel to top of stair lead to studio and workshop below . he take crutch and struggle painfully to he foot . charlotte oh , please , Mr. igor , I be terribly ashamed . I should not have put you to so much trouble . igor ( chuckle gently ) it be no trouble at all , my child . this be the strange , vicarious pleasure that remain for I -- to see other enjoy the beauty I use to create . ( he attempt to descend first step , then say , good -naturedly . ) my foot be not too secure . Charlotte rush to he assistance . charlotte oh , let I help you , please . Charlotte help he descend stair . 155 shot photographed through OPEN door of basement workshop toward stair we see Charlotte and igor finish descend step . igor thank you -- thank you , my dear . Charlotte precede igor into room and stand glance about . igor enter , close the door quickly and lock it . 156 int . workroom igor instantly drop he crutch and sweep Charlotte into he arm , lift she clear off the floor . igor Marie antoinette . Charlotte scream and struggle . charlotte let I go ! let I go ! igor we have find immortality , you and I . you must not be afraid . charlotte ( scream ) Ralph ! Ralph ! she tear at igor 's face and rip away the mask and beard , which bring with they the skillfully design wig that be attach to they , revealing the horribly mutilate face of the monster . Charlotte scream and faint . igor deposit she tenderly on a couch and kneel beside she . 157 int . workroom close shot igor , kneel beside the girl , speak . igor poor , frighten child . the only common objective of all live thing be death ... and she be afraid . 158 ext . front entrance of museum janitor be sweeping walk . Ralph come into picture , glance into museum and , assume that he be the first to arrive , take a last puff on a cigarette before enter . he throw it away and start to enter when we hear Florence 's voice off scene . florence hey -- Ralph ! he look up and we see that he recognize someone approach , as Winton 's car whirl up to the curb and Florence jump out , follow by Winton . ralph what be you people do out in the middle of the night ? florence ( crossing to he ) I be after news , as usual . I wonder if it would be all right for I to slip in and look around you factory ? ralph I guess so . but would not it be better for you to wait until the old man 's here ? 159 close shot ralph and florence florence well , I will tell you a secret . I kinda like the old go and I be try to build a special Sunday Magazine story out of he . it might help he a whole lot . but that 's a side issue -- something I do on my own time . ralph ( boyishly ) gee , that 's great . after the bad open that night the old boy be pretty blue . this will pep he up . have you tell he about it ? florence no . I want to do it without say anything . I think he 's worth it . 160 ext . museum a shot of wintone car a policeman walk up to car and call over to group . policeman whose car be this ? winton mine . policeman well -- you can not park there . you will have to take it down the street . winton ( go to car and climb back to wheel ) okay , brother . ( shout to Florence . ) flo , I have get to find a place to park . I will be right back . camera angle widen take in Ralph and Florence at museum door . florence ( wave to Winton -- call ) do not deceive I or I will come back and haunt you . Winton 's car move away . Ralph unlock the door , and he and Florence enter the museum . Ralph throw away cigarette . janitor pick it up and stand lean on broom , puffing it . 161 int . museum Florence take from she bag a photograph of judge ramsey . insert : close - up of photograph show bust picture of man whose feature be strikingly like that of voltaire , although he have a moustache , wear glass and be dress in modern clothes . camera truck after she as she go from one figure to another , finally stop in front of the figure of voltaire . this she study , in profile , full - face three - quarter view , etc. , and find by comparison that the two be identical . ( we CUT back and forth several time from the photograph to the statue . ) florence ( study the photo and wax figure ; she be nervously bite she fingernails ) Ralph , come here a minute , will you ? ralph ( crossing to she and notice she bite nail ) better cut that out . ( point to figure of venus de milo . ) that 's what happen to girl who bite they nail . ( Florence ignore the remark . ) what 's wrong ? Hugo pass they at this moment . Florence watch Hugo suspiciously as if she do not want he to know what she be refer to . she wait until he have pass into the cloakroom . florence look at this photograph , will you ? ( handing Ralph photograph . ) 162 int . police station captain office sparrow suddenly spring to he foot , scream . sparrow all right -- I will talk ! I will tell you what I know ! ( he be a madman . ) ramsey be murder because he look like voltaire ! ( he laugh wildly . ) because he look like voltaire ! you want to know what become of he ! he 's a statue -- a silly wax statue ! ( laugh . ) captain you kill he ! ( catch sparrow roughly , wheel he around , slap he face . ) come on with the rest of it . you kill he ! sparrow no -- I do not . it be igor at the waxwork . captain ( slapping he again ) but you be in on it -- you work for he . sparrow no -- the only thing I do for he be to keep track of the man name Worth that run the place where you arrest I tonight . captain you lie ! sparrow it 's igor at the Wax Museum ! you will find you judge embalm in wax ! he 's a statue of voltaire , with all the other corpse ! the whole place be a morgue -- do you hear ? -- a morgue ! ( laugh . ) 163 int . horror chamber Charlotte be crouch , terrify , in a corner , while igor , now a rave maniac , try to calm she . igor my child , why be you crouch there ? so pitifully afraid . immortality have be the dream , the inspiration of we kind , and I be go to give you the only guarantee of immortality you have ever have . Charlotte shrink further into the corner . charlotte ( gasp ) please , oh , please , I have not do anything to hurt you . igor ( in bewilder , plaintive tone ) and I have no desire to hurt you . you will always be beautiful . think , my child , in a thousand year you will be as lovely as you be now . 164 int . museum Ralph be hold the photograph , and he and Florence stand look at the figure . we see that the feature of the two be identical . then we hear a muffle scream . Florence and Ralph look at each other inquiringly and stand wait for the scream to be repeat . 165 int . horror chamber the monster be plead with Charlotte . igor my child , my child , if you will just listen to I , then you will not be afraid . do not you understand , dear , that I love you ? do not you know that at time when I have want to die -- I could not die because I have not save you . and now you be here , to be give , a thing of delight , to all the world . I be try to grant you immortality . Charlotte be just a terrify , half - hypnotize , crumpled mass . charlotte ( almost whisper ) you fiend ! you fiend ! igor back away from she , gesture with he arm as if to ward off a blow . igor oh , my Marie antoinette , you must not say that to I . there be a fiend , of that you may be sure . there be a fiend -- ( suddenly extend hand toward she ) and this be what that monstrous person do to I . 166 close shot of charlotte as she drop she head on she knee , sobbing . 167 ext . police station officer pour out and climb into two car . they commandeer a couple of taxi and all race down the street , with siren scream . 168 int . horror chamber full shot igor stand over Charlotte pityingly , wring he hand . then he whirl toward curtain cabinet in rear . igor ( scream ) you ! ... you do this ! ( to Charlotte , as he cross toward cabinet . ) this terrible break hand -- this terrible live dead man -- for twelve year , twelve awful year , have hunt for the fiend , the fiend who bring we here tonight ! but the account be close . ( he sweep aside curtain cover cabinet . ) he be here ! in the cabinet , full length , erect , be the wax - embalm figure of Worth , which fall forward stiffly , landing with a thud . Charlotte give a pierce , terrify scream . 169 int . museum Florence and Ralph hear scream repeat and rush to stair . camera follows they as they run to stair and start down . they find door lock . Ralph throw he full weight against the door several time . when the door shatter he stumble into room . 170 int . workshop they look around , startle . it be apparently untenanted . as they stand look at each other in bewilderment , the scream be repeat . Ralph gesture , " wait a minute , " then , with emphasis : ralph it do come from under we foot ! search about , he find a trap door , which he open and look down , and see : 171 shot from ralph's angle we see Charlotte on operate table . the monster be stir a huge vat of boil wax . hear the trap door open , he look up , see Ralph and scream he rage . Ralph pass camera and start downstairs toward he . 172 int . workshop close shot of florence stand at trap , look down , horrify . she whirl and dash , scream , upstairs toward the museum . 173 int . horror chamber Ralph and the monster have a furious struggle , the monster attempt to force the boy backward into one of the vat of boil wax . 174 int . museum Florence appear at head of stair from below , just as Winton enter door . she run to he . florence ( scream ) come on ! Quick ! help ! as they descend the stair . winton what be it ? what happen ? florence do not ask any question . come on ! 175 int . horror chamber the monster succeed in strike Ralph over the head with some heavy object . as Ralph sink , stunne , to the floor , the monster dash up the step . 176 shot from horror chamber camera tipped up sharply show trap at head of stair . when the monster have negotiate three - quarter of the ascent , we see Winton appear in the trap door above , block he escape . now we hear the scream of the siren of approach police car . see he passage bar , the monster , no longer coherent , stand jabber like a infuriate ape at the man above he . 177 int . workshop Winton at edge of trap , look down , horrify . florence do something ! can not you ? do something ! Winton draw back . Florence turn , run back toward museum , scream . we hear the tramping of foot on the floor above and then see the foot and leg of first officer descend stair . 178 shot upward from horror chamber as Winton draw from trap , the monster start to advance . a policeman in uniform appear above he , with draw revolver . policeman get them up ! do not move ! he commence a cautious descent of the stair . camera pull back to 179 full shot we see Ralph , who have recover , gather Charlotte in he arm and whirl she so that he body would shield she from a possible stray bullet . the monster , who be back , still defiant , before the policeman , miss he foot and , with a agonizing scream , whirl downward into a vat of boil wax . 180 ext . STREET in front of museum a great crowd be collect . the police be hold they back . they lead the janitor and Hugo from the building . captain of detective I do not think this mug mean anything , but take they around and get a statement from they . a officer lead they away . Florence run through crowd with Winton . 181 ext . STREET winton be car as Florence and Winton scramble in . florence come on , pal , get I uptown ! ( breathlessly . ) do not stop for light -- do not stop for -- 182 ext . STREET in front of museum Ralph be lead Charlotte , still hysterical , through door . dissolve to : 183 int . composing room new york express before the room be clearly discernible , we hear the clatter of typewriter . a scene of feverish activity . copy boy be dash back and forth . the place be seethe with excitement . Florence , seat at machine nearest camera , be type frantically . she evidently just complete the last line of story , jerk sheet from machine and hand it to a copy boy . florence take it away , hennessy . ( Springs to she foot . ) she be bedraggle , hair hang in she eye , evidently exhaust . she reel toward the editor 's room . several desk worker spring up and surround she , travel a part of the distance with she . they be thumping she playfully on the back and talk . first man my hat 's off to you , kid . what a scoop ! second man this story make history . third man congratulation , flo . you have get the other papers bleed . florence ( laugh ) now I be go to scramble this egg . point toward door mark manage editor . 184 int . editor' office he look up as Florence enter room . she be gloat . florence well , poison ivy , how about it ? be that a story ? he look up sourly . editor lousy ! you have a million dollar worth of luck . she look at he indignantly . florence listen , stupid , could I do anything that would possibly meet with you approval ? editor yes , you could . cut out this rotten business and act like a lady . marry I . she hear the honk of a automobile in the street below and walk to the window , look down for a moment . 185 shot from florence's angle winton in car in front of the Express Building , honk impatiently . 186 int . editor' office Florence turn back from window , grin at editor . florence marry you ? editor that 's what I say . florence I be go to get even with you , you dirty stiff ! I will do it ! he rise and catch she in he arm . as they embrace , we hear the raucous " honk -honk " of the car in the street below . fade out the end