" mystery men " screenplay by Neil Cuthbert base on the Dark horse comic create by Bob burden revise June 6 , 1997 theme and credit ... fade in : ext . erie hospital for the criminally insane - day camera move through a tangle jungle of razor wire , finally coming into view of a forebode , fortress - like old institution , surround by tower and gun turret . scream and horrible laughter be hear from within ... close on a sign that read " Erie Hospital for the criminally insane " ... this be where the worst killer and psychos go . int . conference room - continuous the camera pan the expressionless face of the review board as casanova frankenstein sit across from they . dress in a immaculately tailore prison smock ( with " casanova " exquisitely embroider above the pocket ) , he sit contritely as doctor emmet bierce , the hospital 's fatherly Chief of psychiatry , present he case . bierce no one can deny the horrendous nature of Mr. frankenstein 's crime , but in the twenty year he have be with we , I have never see a patient turn he energy to more productive use . casanova , the picture of remorse and repentance . bierce just look at he accomplishment ... three volume of poetry , two rock opera , a sculpture garden , four romance novel ... and who can forget he touch portrayal of billy bigelow in we all - psychotic production of " carousel " ... on several of the board get misty eye at the memory of that brilliant performance ... bierce directed by we own Doctor anabel leek . on doctor anabel leek , the hospital 's icily beautiful , ultra cool , top shrink . a moment later casanova address they ... his manner be charming , sincere , he voice soft , fill with emotion . he be a master of seduction . casanova twenty year ago I be a lose soul . loveless ... ( with a son- like glance at Doctor bierce ) fatherless ... ( choke on the word ) a ... psycho ! ( break down sobbing ) oh ! how could I have do it ? the murder ... the mayhem ... all of that lovely young girl ! ( weep , a brilliant performance ) I be sorry ! I be so so sorry ! Doctor bierce wipe the tear from he eye . reaction from the board , move , as casanova weep convulsively . Doctor leek show no reaction . casanova ( pull himself together ) but my deed have be do , and my youth be go , and we can only go forward in this cruel world ... and if I have learn anything from my wretch life it be that ... when you walk through a storm , keep you head hold high ... ( sing ) and do not be afraid of the dark ... tear plop dawn the cheek of the review board as the fully orchestrate strain of " when you walk through a STORM " swell ... series of shot - as the music continue a hand stamp casanova 's file " cure " ... casanova shake hand and embrace the tearful member of the review board , finish with a paternal hug from Doctor bierce . in he cell a guard deliver casanova he favorite old disco suit ( that 's be wait far he for twenty year ) . casanova , dress in the suit , walk down the central aisle of the lock - up ... a moment later he step out of the massive gate of the hospital , and take he first deep breath of freedom ... while in a office window high above bierce and the member of the review board stand watch , very proud ... but suddenly the music change to seventie DISCO as a black Ferrari drive up , and Doctor leek , now dress very sexily , get out ... as the review board watch in stunne silence , casanova and anabel perform a nifty little disco twirl , finish with a very lewd kiss ... bierce , watch , realize he 's be dupe ... as casanova , grin up at he , put a long gold chain ( he favorite weapon ) around he neck ... bierce , horrify , pick up the telephone ... as casanova and anabel get in the car . int . the car - a moment later casanova and anabel drive off . the massive old hospital be see through the rear window behind they , as casanova calmly look at he watch ... close on he watch - as the second hand just swing toward the twelve . it be exactly twelve noon ... back on casanova - casanova ( almost wistfully ) boom . and the hospital explode in a huge fireball that completely consume it . casanova that gas leak can be murder . ext . the road - day the Ferrari drive past and the camera hold on a sign that read " we1come to Champion City , home of Captain amazing " . the city itself , a crumble rust belt metropolis ( ala Detroit ) can be see stretch out along the shore of Lake Champion off in the distance ... inside the car - continuous - on casanova casanova I be home . back on the road - continuous the Ferrari drive under a much larger billboard that loom over the road , show a picture of Captain amazing himself , a square jaw classic superhero , stare fiercely into the camera . the caption read " crime . do not even think about it . " ext . train yard of champion CITY - night letter read " six month later " ... as the camera explore the desolate muddy terrain of the train yard , cruising past pile of tire and abandon train car ... camera pick up a batter van as it drive through the yard , then pull up beside a old boxcar . the back of the van be throw open , a ramp be throw down , and the red eye , a gang of vicious small time thief ( all of whom wear sunglass with red lense ) start unload they night 's haul ... red eye 1 drive a golf cart , with club , down the ramp . red eye 1 golf anyone ? several more Red eye emerge carry a sawn off bike rack with bike still attach , a barber pole , a virgin Mary lawn statue , and a top of the line baby stroller ... while they leader , big red , stand in the door to the boxcar , watch approvingly . red eye 2 not a bad night 's work . big red who say crime do not pay ? the Red eye laugh ... as Red Eye 3 take the cover off the baby stroller and see ... that there 's a baby still in it . red eye 3 hey , boss , we get a stowaway . the crook gather around the baby , a jolly little kid who just laugh at they . red eye 4 ( about to slug he ) who you laughin ' at , punk ? red eye 2 he 's just a tyke . lighten up . red eye 5 he 's kinda cute . red eye 3 if you like drool . red eye 2 hey , why do not we sell he back to he parent ? for a million buck ! the other think that 's a great idea , but Big Red do not . big red and what if he rat on we ? the other have not think of that . red eye 3 so what should we do with he ? big red stick a brick in he pamper and dump he in the lake . the other think that 's a good idea and look around for a brick . red eye 3 come on , kid , you be goin ' for a swim . but suddenly there be another presence ... a man in a blue turban and cape with the initial " br " on he chest have appear ... he be the blue raja . raja not so fast , gentleman -- and I use the term loosely ... unhand that youngster ... another man step into the light . he wear a construction helmet and mask . there be a " S " on he chest , and he carry a old shovel . he be the shoveler . shoveler or you be mulch . he brandish he shovel for effect . the Red eye look at this two , highly amused . big red what be you guy suppose to be ... superhero ? a third man step out . his costume be less dramatic than the other . he wear only a old leather jacket and a fade , tear shirt with flame on it , but the fierce look on he face and the atrociousness of he haircut make it very clear that he be the craziest and most dangerous of the three . he be mister furious . furious we be superhero ! big red really ? do you mother make that costume ? the crook howl with laughter . big red this be we territory . beat it . furious over you dead body . Big Red turn to the other and shake with pretend fear . big red 0ooooo , he 's scary . the Red eye laugh , but suddenly , a small silver projectile whizze through the air and implant itself in Big Red 's backside . he howl with pain , pull it out and examine it ... it 's a silver dessert fork . big red a fork ! the raja hold up he hand , each of which hold a spread of silver fork . raja and there 's plenty more where that come from . Big Red give a shrill whistle , and a dozen more Red eye step out of a old caboose ... include mikey , a four hundred pound behemoth . he be eat a container of Ben and Jerry 's like it be a ice cream cone , take huge bite out of it , container and all . raja and shoveler , reacting ... gulp . this be more than they would bargain for . but furious just growl ; he 's game . big red get ' em ! the Red eye attack ... mister furious go into a furious face ; he hair stand out straight and he rush right into the oncoming crook ... a Red Eye take a swing at the shoveler -- but he simply put up he shovel and let the crook slug the shovel 's pan . the crook yelp with pain and shake he batter hand ... as the raja fend off crook , poke they with salad fork ... and the baby sit in he stroller , watch and laugh , really enjoy the show . ( there 's no real martial artistry or teamwork here ; this be a classic back alley brouhaha . ) but there 's too many of then ... the raja go down under swinging fist ... and so do the shoveler ... furious hold he own , take out crook with powerful left and rights -- until mikey run he down like a truck , fall right on top of he and crush he under he massive weight . red eye crush he , mikey !... mash he !... mush he ! furious ( barely audible under all that meat ) be that all you get ? red eye he want more !... squish he !... finish he off ! furious ( faintly ) you mother ! mikey , sweat , bear down ... but suddenly , a calm , very authoritative voice be hear . voice ( o.s. ) be there a problem ? everything suddenly stop , as the Red eye look up and see ... captain amazing stand on tap of the boxcar , hand on hip , frame in the light at the moon , he biceps bulg , he state of the art physique sculpt body armor gleam in the moonlight , he cape wafting heroically in the wind . he be superhero perfection incarnate . on the red eye as they viciousness turn instantly to panic ... red eye it's captain amazing ! Big Red and a couple other try to run for it , but amazing leap cat- like off the boxcar and be on they in a flash . as the baby clap he hand in delight , and we three heroes watch in beat - up awe , amazing deftly take out the crook with expert punch and effortlessly deliver elbow and kick . he be the consumate superhero , and he do not even break a sweat . the remain Red eye drop to they knee and throw up they hand in surrender . red eye we give !... we be sorry !... we have terrible childhood ! ( etc . ) Police car and a tv truck come screeching into the train yard ... and the scene be suddenly flood with light and swarm with cop and reporter ... we three heroes try to approach Captain amazing ( who still look fresh as a daisy ) . raja Nice work , Captain . but amazing just walk past they , ignore they completely , as if they do not even exist . he go to greet dawn wong ( Champion City 's answer to connie chung ) . amazing ( turn on the old superhero charm ) hi. Dawn . dawn ( putty in he hand , pudding in he bowl ) look like you have do it again , Captain . amazing it 's what I do . we heroes just watch , feel ignore , humiliate . furious growl . suddenly , two cop be accost they . cop 1 okay , show 's over . move it . on you way . raja wait a minute , officer . you do not understand -- we be superhero , and we just bust up this gang . cop 1 really ? let I guess -- you be towel head and he 's ... ( meaning the shoveler ) Captain pooper scooper ! the cop crack up . furious growl at they . the cop yank out they nightstick . cop 1 hey ! move it ! cop 2 get a life ! cop 1 and leave crime fight to the real thing ! shoveler and raja pull furious away before he get into real trouble ... the cop watch as we three heroes disappear into the night . cop 1 Wannabes . cop 2 pathetic . ext . the lakeside diner - night - establishing a inner city greasy spoon . int . the diner - continuous - close on a tv screen on which Captain amazing , the laugh baby in he arm , be be interview by Dawn Wong . he 's play the cutsy photo op for all its worth , gootchy - goo the kid , etc . Dawn be cream . we three heroes sit at a booth in the back of the diner , watch the tube ... raja ( nursing a sore jaw ) he do not miss a trick , do he ? furious what a jerk -- and like nobody know who he really be ! shoveler oh do not start that again -- furious look ! furious pick up the newspaper on which there be a photo of a good look guy in a tux at a benefit ... the headline read " lance hunt host benefit . " he hold the picture up next to the television , so the face of lance hunt and Captain amazing be side by side . it be obviously the same guy . furious he 's lance hunt ! just take off the glass -- and it 's he ! raja there 's a vague similarity . furious a vague similarity ? it's the same guy ! shoveler ( down some aspirin ) oh , who give a damn who he be ? I can not take this anymore . night after night we be on the street , busting we hump -- and for what ? raja we take the lick and he get the chick . shoveler how long do you have to chase a dream before you realize it 's not gonna happen ? furious we need a break , that 's all ! nobody would ever hear of he until he bust casanova frankenstein ! raja but look at he ... and look at we . shoveler the camera love he . a depressed silence . furious turn he attention to the napkin dispenser . furious ( furious ) why do they always fill stuff this thing so full you can not pull them out without rip them ! ( rip one out ) raja I lose another fork tonight . she 's get suspicious , I know it . furious so why do not you just tell she ! raja I can not . furious why not ? raja ( upset ) because I can not ! okay ? she would not understand ! shoveler leave he alone . she 's he mother , not yours . furious we have a off night , that 's all . shoveler so when be we gonna have a on night ? a waitress be stand at the table . waitress hi. they look at she , take aback . she 's very pretty . raja you be ... new . waitress it 's my first night . my name 's monica . close on furious , smitten by she , but almost afraid to look at she . under all that rage , he 's in fact shy . monica you guy go to a costume party ? raja we be superhero . monica really ? like Captain amazing ? furious growl . monica be you famous ? raja not yet . monica so you be like ... struggle superhero ? raja we prefer to think of ourselves as unsung ... I be the Blue raja , master of silverware ... ( do a very impressive little flipping thing with he place set ) monica wow . raja and this be my associate , the shoveler . shoveler hi. raja and mister furious ... his anger be he power . monica ( intrigue by furious ) really ? raja usually a superpower be a magical endowment or a great skill . in he case , it 's entirely emotional . monica so what can I get you ? raja burger all around . ( meaning himself ) medium. ( meaning the shoveler ) rare. ( meaning furious ) Raw . a moment later as monica walk away , furious can not help but watch she . the raja replace the diner 's dinnerware with the good stuff from he coat . raja she like you . shoveler definitely . raja ask she out . furious Nah . raja Roy , when be the last time you have a actual date ? furious ( get very piss off ) what do it matter ? woman just want to control you -- and talk about they feeling . they want to know why you be angry all the time -- and what can they can do to help -- so you tell they there 's nothing -- nothing -- just leave I alone -- but they bug you and they bug you and they bug you -- until you just can not stand it anymore ! -- so you finally open up -- you pop like a blister -- and it all come spew out -- all you emotion -- you feeling -- you fear -- all of it ! ( after a beat ) and then they dump you . raja so you be chicken ? furious ( fiercely ) who 's chicken ? ( get up ) monica stand at the counter place she order . furious approach she , lean against the counter . for a moment he just stand there , fume , unable to think of anything to say . she be not sure what to make of this . furious do not it piss you off the way the when you really want to talk to somebody you can not think of anything to say ! monica I guess ... be you always so angry ? furious only when I be awake ... you busy after work ? she shrug . furious want to go out and get drunk ? she 's visibly turn off by that . furious or talk ? monica not tonight . ( pick up a order and walk away ) ext . outside the diner - later furious , the raja , and the shoveler step out . raja maybe you should try a more romantic approach . furious ( get on he old harley ) like what ? cut off my own ear ? raja or flower . furious see ya tomorrow . furious kick he engine start and speed off into the night as the shoveler open the door of he batter Ford esquire station wagon , and the raja get into he ancient datsun . ext . residential STREET - night the shoveler pull into the driveway of he very modest house . the front yard look like a battle zone . bike and kid ' junk be everywhere . live room - a moment later as big a disaster area as the front yard . his kid , eddie JR . ( 15 ) , lenore ( 12 ) , butch ( 10 ) , tracy ( 7 ) , and roland ( 5 ) be all sprawle in front of the television . the shoveler enter , and he kid do not even bother to look up from the tube . shoveler hey , when be you guy gonna clean this place up ? tracy when you be on tv . eddie JR . right -- like that will ever happen . lenore save any baby lately ? on the shoveler , silent , hurt . tracy faster than a speed turtle -- butch more powerful than a deodorant -- eddie JR . able to eat twelve donut in a single sit -- lenore look , snore in he chair -- eddie JR . sitting on the john -- all it 's ... supergut ! the kid all laugh ( in that derisive way that kid do so well ) as the shoveler dejectedly walk into the kitchen . int . kitchen - a moment later the shoveler enter , deject . his wife , Lucille , be do the dish . she look up , see he . lucille ( feel for he ) Rough night , Eddie ? he nod . ext . the raja' house - night - establishing the raja 's datsun be park in front of a neat as a pin little victorian house . int . the dine room - night the room be dark . someone be sneaking around . a drawer be quietly open , and we hear the gentle clink of silver . suddenly , the light go on and we see the Blue raja , now dress in a sport shirt and slack , with he hand in the drawer . his mother , in she nightclothes , stand by the door where she have just switch on the light . mother Jeffrey ! raja oh hi , Mom . mother what be you do in the silver drawer ? raja look for ... the tv guide . she just look at he , very suspicious . mother it 's on the television . raja of course . I be such a fool ... thanks , mummy . go to bed . he kiss she and go into the next room . camera hold on mom ; she do not trust he . ext . hilltop - night - angle on a billboard overlook the city . Captain amazing be pose wear a pair of bright blue nike . the caption read . " it 's a nice world . somebody 's get to save it ... the nike supershoe . it 's amazing . " furious sit on he harley , take long haul from a pint bottle of cheap bourbon and gaze up at the sign . furious amazing ? what 's so amazing about he ? I would be amazing , too , if I would inherite two hundred million buck ... or two buck ... or two cent ... ( hurl the empty bottle , smash it against the sign ) who be I kid ? dream do not come true . a moment of despondency , and then he hear a strange sound overhead and look up ... he Pov - as something suddenly fly across the star fill night sky above he ... it be Captain amazing , wear a high tech rocket pack on he back ... furious where 's he go ? ( kick he harley start ) series of shot - with music as furious , follow Captain amazing , ride roughshod down the steep hill , skid onto a road and then speed through a residential area ... he cut onto some railroad track , hop he bike up on a rail , and ride smoothly along it , follow amazing ... he turn off the track , ride roughly through some wood , then emerge from the tree and see .. a forebode look old mansion ... Captain amazing land on the high part of its roof ... furious pull up , gaze at the front gate of the mansion ... he Pov - letter across the iron gate read ... " frankenstein " . ext . on the roof - continuous Captain amazing abandon he jet pack and move across the old slate roof like spiderman , leaping nimbly from gable to gable and walk along a high ridge like a tight rope walker . finally he approach a skylight , look down and see ... a huge old library with a iron catwalk run around it . casanova frankenstein sit in a club chair by a roaring fire . anabel perches on the arm of he chair . in the other chair sit a once good look , now paunchy guy , with a meticulously coif haircut . he be tony pompadour , head of the infamous disco boy . on captain amazing amazing ( just as he suspect ) uh-huh . he see that the skylight be open , and quietly let himself in ... int . the library - continuous casanova and tony p savor glass of brandy and puff on big cigar . casanova I hope you enjoy this cigar . I have to kill a dozen cuban to get they . tony p ummm . casanova have you consider my offer ? tony p you know , Mr. F , I and the boy always love workin ' for you . you have such style : the clothes , the dancin' , the elegant way you would snuff a babe . you be the King ... casanova accept this graciously . tony p but time have change , and you be in that bug house a long tine . I can see you still get the style , but I dunno for sure you still get the edge . casanova I get it . tony p what about Captain amazing ? amazing ( o.s. ) good question . casanova and tony p look up and see Captain amazing , pose noncalantly on the iron catwalk , gaze down at they . tony p jump out of he chair , scared . but casanova just smile at he ancient rival , cool as a cucumber . casanova I know you would come . I leave that skylight open for you . amazing I know you do . casanova I know you would know . amazing I know you know I would know . casanova but do you know I know you would know I would know ? amazing of course . tony p make a move for he pistol , but Captain amazing instantly whip out he pistol , get the drop on he . amazing I would hate to waste a good bullet on a piece of scum like you , tony . tony freeze . amazing the jig be up , casanova . I have spend six month watch you , and know exactly what you be up to . casanova really ? amazing I know that you be recruiting you old henchmen ... nervous reaction from tony P. amazing I know who you girlfriend really be ... icy reaction from anabel . amazing and I know the terrible revenge that you plan to inflict on this city . casanova I guess you know just about everything , do not you , lance ? amazing um-hmm . casanova except for one little thing . amazing ( supremely confident ) and what 's that ? casanova that I have hot wire the city 's entire power supply through that catwalk . amazing what --? casanova suddenly throw a secret breaker switch , and the ugly hum of a million volt instantly fill the room ... ext . outside the house - continuous - on furious still watch ... as all the light in the house go out , except for a frightening orange glow in a upper room ... off in the distance furious see ... the light of the entire city flicker and then black out ... a moment later the mansion , and the city 's light return to normal ... as furious watch , not sure what to make of this . ext . STREET construction site - day traffic be snarl . horn be blast . temper be fray . close on a hammering jackhammer ... camera widen to reveal that it be be operate by the shoveler , dress in work clothes . wipe out from the night before , the vibration of the hamer be lulling he off to sleep ... he nod out ... as he boss whacks he on the arm . boss yo ! captain sominex ! get you shut - eye at home , or you will be a full time superhero ! ext . the raja' house - day - establishing int . the raja' room - continuous the raja lie sprawle on he bed , depressed , still in he pee jay , as he watch ... a ANTHONY robbins infomercial on the tv . ANTHONY it 's all within you power . the only thing that 's in you way be you ! raja easy for you to say . ext . sally auto demolition - day - establishing a auto junkyard and demotion yard . ext . the yard - day a giant press mash a old car ... while nearby mister furious do the job by hand , demolosh a old Grand prix with a iron bar . he do it as easily as a normal guy would tear apart a corrugate box , rip off the door , then tear off the bumper and the hood and toss the piece onto a big pile ... his big bone , red face boss sally be call out to he . sally hey , Roy ! ext . the back of the yard - a minute later in a weedy overgrown far corner of the junkyard Sally and furious stand look a big old hunk of a military vehicle . it be a herkimer Battle jitney , a heavily armored , windowless , soundproof , personnel carrier ( design by the Pentagon in the fifty to take congressman on battlefield fact find tour ) . overgrown with weed , home to a extend family of pigeon , its fight day ( if it ever have any ) be over . sally how many time I gotta tell you about this ? furious Sally , that 's a herkimer Battle jitney ! they do not make them like that anymore . it 's a classic ! sally it 's a hunk of junk . I want the iron . do it ! she walk away . furious growl . he pick up he iron bar and be about to wedge it under the front bumper of the herkimer ... he Pov - but the big old headlight and the sad old grill seem to be look at hint , implore he for one last chance ... and he just can not do it . he throw away he iron bar and climb inside the cab of the herkimer ... in the cab - continuous furious sit behind the wheel and tenderly touch its beat - up old dashboard , then turn on the radio , which , miraculously still work . he tune in a local station , put he foot up on the dash . radio announcer ... and continue to deny any knowledge of the incident ... in local news , millionaire lance hunt have apparently disappear ... on furious , take immediate notice . radio announcer member at he household tell police that the playboy philanthropist fail to return home last night after " go out for a walk " . Police say they have no reason yet to suspect foul play , but a search be under way ... int . the diner - night furious , the shoveler , and the raja all sit at they booth . furious I see he go in -- and he do not come out ! raja but we do not know for sure it 's the same guy . furious groan . shoveler hey , look . on the tv - casanova be be interview by don stouffer , the local Mike wallace . casanova well , Don , I have do some terrible thing in my life , but now I be cure , and I just want to give back something to my old home town ... that 's why I be use what 's leave of my fortune to build ... close on a model of a huge concrete bunker - like institutional structure ( i.e. the getty ) . casanova ( o.s. ) the frankenstein Center for the Arts . don you have change , have not you ? casanova oh yes . back on furious , raja , and shoveler - furious no he have not . ext . frankenstein mansion - night - angle on the wall of the estate ... as we heroes ' three head rise up over it ... and survey the grounds . furious ( about to climb over ) let 's go . raja ( in a whisper , hold he back ) wait !... look ! there Pov - a group of man be hang around the door to the house , smoking , chat , and laugh . a closer angle reveal that they be all dress in the height ( or depth ) of seventies disco fashion . one of they be show off some step . we heroes fall back behind the safety of the wall and confer . raja this be bad . shoveler who be they ? raja the disco boy . furious the who ? raja the most vicious gang of thug this city ever produce . twenty year ago they be casanova 's personal bodyguard . but after he be bust they crawle into the woodwork . furious well they have crawle back out . shoveler we may be get in over we head here . raja this look like a job for superman -- shoveler or batman -- raja or both . furious do not you guy get it ? if Captain amazing be still in there , we can rescue he -- and get on tv ! ( go right over the wall ) they share a exasperate look , then scramble over the wall after he . int . casanova's bedroom - continuous casanova and Dr. anabel leek be prepare for bed . anabel sit in front of a huge mirror , brush she long hair as casanova move up behind she and put he hand around she throat , massage , squeezing , just barely resisting the temptation to strangle she . ( she love it ) . casanova everything 's go exactly as we plan . anabel ( put the sharp point of she comb handle under he chin ) not quite . you have not announce we engagement yet . casanova it must have slip my mind . anabel you mind be so slippery . casanova do not worry , pootchkie . my womanize day be over . you be my Lady macbeth , my imelda ... my Nicole . ( pull she into he arm ) we be such a incredible team . who could possibly stop we ? ( kiss she ) CUT right to : ext . the lawn - continuous - on our three heroe as they crunch they way non too stealthily across the backyard . raja do not crunch the leave . shoveler sorry . raja be a mohican . ( bump into a lawn chair ) furious wait . ( they all stop . ) I hear something . they all listen ; there be a low rush sound ... it be the sound of water rush through pipe . suddenly , the lawn sprinkler all pop up ... and we heroes get drench . they duck off the lawn , behind the cover of a large tree . raja I be soak . ( sneeze ) oh great . furious shhh . shoveler be a mohican . raja shut up . furious see a pair of french door , off a small patio . one of the door be slightly open . furious come on . they start sneaking toward it , but as they cross the patio ... they trip the automatic security lighting , and suddenly find themselves bath in light . raja uh-oh . as we heroes look around as a dozen disco boy , armed with pipe , chain , brass knuckle , step into the light and encircle they ... the french door open and tony p step out . raja oh I be sorry . we must have the wrong house . tony p you sure do . the disco boy attack . the raja be instantly clubbed down . the shoveler deflect only a blow or two with he shovel before he go down , too ... this guy be not the Red eye . only furious hold he own . he grab a pipe away from one of they and swing fiercely , keep the other off . suddenly , the disco boy pull back . furious do not know why , until he turn and see ... casanova , stand right behind he , smile . casanova hi there . with a cat-like move casanova slashes he gold chain viciously -- and repeatedly -- across furious ' face . furious , stunne with pain , lunge at casanova , who neatly step aside , then catch he with a fast combination of spin disco kick . finally he lassos the chain around furious ' neck , and pull it tight , strangling he . on the DISCO boy , watch , snap they finger with admiration ... casanova release furious , who slump to the ground . casanova step away , and the disco boy gather around furious and kick he viciously ... as casanova and tony p watch , amused , chuckle . casanova superhero . tony p should I kill they ? casanova ( completely disdainful ) why bother ? ext . just outside the mansion - a moment later the disco boy drag we heroes through the gate and throw they like bag of garbage into the street ... where they lie in a moan , agonize , semi-conscious heap . int . the diner - later - close on furious , rub he neck ; a thin red mark run around it . the three of they be sit at they usual table , in very bad shape , moan and groan ... monica approach . she 's make they ice pack and cold compress . monica here you go . ( sit with they , apply a compress to the raja 's head ) raja ow . monica maybe you guy ought to forget this superhero stuff and join kiwanis or something . a fussy customer be call out from another table . fussy custorer miss ! she move off . raja maybe she 's right . furious ( still furious ) be you serious ? this be the break we have be wait for ! shoveler what be you talk about ? furious what have the famous superhero get that we do not ? raja Agents ? furious archenemy ! casanova be not just a criminal -- he 's a supervillain . stop he could be we ticket to fame , fortune -- and babe ! shoveler and it would be the right thing to do . furious ( dismissively ) yeah yeah -- and that , too . raja but there 's only three of we , and he 's get the entire brotherhood of evil at he disposal . furious then maybe it 's time for we to form we own brotherhood ... a brotherhood of righteous , crime fight , skull crack , disco Boy bashing , warrior of the night ! shoveler I be like this . furious I say we send out the word -- and summon all of the unsung superhero we know ! raja ( after a moment ) yeah , but ... who do we know ? they take a long moment to ponder this . furious well ... there 's the spleen . shoveler and raja make disgust noise . raja do we have to ? shoveler I get this cousin . he 's a real doofus , but he claim he can become invisible . furious have you ever see he ? shoveler how could I see he if he 's invisible ? furious good point . raja and there 's the sphinx . shoveler the who ? raja he 's a legendary mask mexican crime fight superwrestler and master of the machete . furious sound good . raja no one 's sure that he actually exist , but they say he can be contact by leave a message on a crumpled up napkin at the tacky Taco down by the bus station . shoveler get outta here . ext . tacky taco - day - establishing a funky mexican restaurant by the bus station . int . the restaurant - continuous we heroes , in normal clothing , have just finish a taco lunch . furious be write a message on a napkin with a ballpoint pen . furious you sure that 's how you spell it ? shoveler yeah . close on the note - which read " spink , we need you . " they crumple up the napkin and leave the restaurant ... a moment later a shy look mexican man buss they tray ... but in a close angle we see he secretly pocket the napkin . ext . house - day - establishing a little brick house . int . invisible boy' room - day a teenage boy 's room , decorate to the max with model and poster of the great superhero : batman , spiderman , Captain amazing , etc . invisible boy , about fifteen , be be interview by the raja , mister furious , and the shoveler . furious so , let I get this straight . you have the power to become invisible . invisible boy yes . raja but ... only when no one be look . invisible boy yes . furious if someone look at you , you immediately become visible again . invisible boy yes . raja so you be only invisible ... to yourself ? invisible boy no . our heroe ( hopefully ) no ? invisible boy if I look at myself , I become visible . raja so you be only invisible , when absolutely no one be look at you ? invisible boy yes . furious so how do you know that you have ever be invisible ? invisible boy I just know . we heroes be less than impressed . furious look , kid , we have get a lot of heroes to interview -- invisible boy ( desperate ) I know I have not get it entirely work out yet , but I have always dream of become a superhero ... be not you guy ever a kid ? do not you ever need someone to just give you a chance ? on our heroe , look around the room ... and soften up . int . the diner - night we heroes sit at they usual table along with invisible Boy and a weird look guy in a greasy , stain yellow superhero outfit . across he chest in fall off stick on letter it read " the spleen " , and that 's exactly who he be . furious , the raja , and shoveler sit as far away from he as possible . he be a totally noxious , hyperactive person ... and he be thrilled to be there . spleen Boy I can not tell you how thrilled I be when you guy call -- you gonna eat that pickle ? ( suck it in ) I have always dream of be a member of the a real superhero team -- and to have friend -- real friend -- I mean guy I could live with -- sleep with -- die with -- eat with ... he put the mustard dispenser to he lip and squeeze it straight into he mouth . spleen I love mustard . furious , raja , and the shoveler react ; they can not believe they have actually invite this guy to join they group . invisible boy so what exactly be you superpower ? spleen well , when I be a kid I grow up on Love Canal -- remember that ? -- and my brother and I use to go swim in it -- make Kool - Aid out of it -- stuff like that . anyway my brother all die , but I live , and I grow all this like weird organ that have never be see in human before . so now I can do thing like this ! he lean over the table and let just a little tiny drop of spittle dribble onto the table ... close on the table - as the spittle burn a hole in the Formica . spleen cool , huh ? the spleen inadvertently give the tiniest little burp , and we three heroes duck out of the way or under the table . furious , raja , & shoveler watch it !... look out !... whoa ! the people in the next booth give a cry of revulsion , put they hand to they mouth , and immediately leave . spleen sorry , sorry . shoveler hey , why do not you just put a cork in it ? spleen I try that once . the cork melt . the same - after dinner we heroes mull they situation over coffee . monica freshen they cup . the spleen squirt mustard in he coffee . shoveler there 's just not enough of we . furious but we know they be out there . hundred -- maybe thousand of lonely , unknown superhero , who desperately need a cause ... raja and a social life . shoveler yeah , but how do we get to they ? spleen obscene phone call ? they ignore that suggestion . monica why do not you throw a barbecue ? ( move off to another table ) on our heroe , realize that 's it . int . invisible boy' room - night - with music invisible Boy sit at the desk in he room , write immaculate little note on small file card . ( he 's make a whole pile of they . ) close on the note - which read " get superpower ? want to fight evil ? then join US and let 's party hearty ! beer ! burger ! babe ! " series of shot - music continue as we heroes post this note all over the city , in place where lonely superhero night find they ... the raja post a note on the door of a comic book store ... the shoveler post a note on the bulletin board at a bowl alley ... Mr. furious tape the note to the crack glass of a vandalize phone booth ... at a abandon drive - in movie theater ... invisible Boy walk through the empty lot , taping a note to each of the old speaker post ... a White Castle hamburger joint ... Inside the pay toilet spleen be scratch something on the wall with a nail . he stop and admire he handiwork , and we see that he have engrave the entire message on the wall ... end music . ext . shoveler' backyard - day a small , typical work class backyard . a round , aluminum above ground pool . a weber grill with burger on it . unopene package of hamburger roll . a old Vic damon record play on a boom box . the spleen float around on a rubber raft in the pool . spleen come on in ! the water 's great ! in fact , the water be turn a yellowish green ... the rest of we heroes sit around on cheap fold chair . no superhero have show up . the shoveler , at the grill , serve burger to he kid , who stand in line wait for they . butch ( heavy on the sarcasm ) great picnic , dad . eddie JR . Big turnout . roland be this guy real superhero ? lenore they think so . the kid scoff ... a moment later they head back to the house with they burger . roland but where 's Captain amazing ? eddie JR . he would not be catch dead here . they go into the house . no one say anything . the shoveler just stare at the burger on the grill . Vic damon sing . furious chug he beer ; he 's work himself into a really morose mood . on the spleen , munch on a chlorine tablet . spleen hey , this pool mint be delicious ! raja look at he watch . raja maybe there be traffic . furious who be we kid ? no one 's gonna show . we be live in a fantasy ! invisible boy come on , guy -- we be fight against evil . furious good or evil , what 's the difference ? shoveler there 's a big difference . furious I use to believe that . now I be not so sure . raja Roy , remember , it be all within you power . the only thing that 's in you way ... be you . furious oh shut up . suddenly , there be a knock at the gate . everyone immediately perk up . invisible boy they be here ! a moment later they open the gate and see ... half a dozen burly guy wear various superhero outfit . there leader hey , man , be this the superhero wingde ? raja this be it . come on in ! superheroe all right ! Party ! ( etc . ) at first glance this guy seem promise ... but they outfit be decidedly improvise : weird goggle and sunglass , shower curtain cape , baseball cap with beer can on they . they leader hold a squeegee with a long handle ... furious be suspicious . raja I be the Blue raja , master of silverware . there leader I be squeegee man , and this be my compadre , the invincible dude ! the invincible dude spot the keg . invincible dude whoa ! brews ! Party ! ( etc . ) they go immediately to the keg and start fill beer cup and guzzle they down . the raja try to hand out some form . raja would you mind fill out this form ; name , address , description of superpower , that sort of thing . invincible dude sure , dude . no problem . ( etc. ) ( but they just toss the form away ) on furious , watch , start to get piss off . invincible dude 1 hey , man , like where be the babe ? invincible dude 2 it say on the card there would be babe ! raja actually we lie about the babe , but there 's plenty of burger . invincible dude that 's false advertising !... we come all the way from South Champion , man ! we coulda go plink !... we coulda go bunqee jump ! squeegee man no babe . no peace . invisible dude ( chant ) no babe -- no peace ! no babe -- no peace ! no babe -- no peace ! squeegee man let 's trash the place ! invincible dude yeah ! furious , feed up , confront squeegee man . furious if you be a superhero , what 's you power ? squeegee man I be squeegee man. ( hold it out threateningly ) touch my squeegee ... and you die . the invincible dude be crack up . furious can you fly ? squeegee man no . furious wanna bet ? ext . just outside the yard - continuous as squeegee man come fly -- and scream -- over the fence , landing none too gracefully in the front yard . a beat and he squeegee come fly out after he . another beat and the invincible dude come run out the gate in a panic . invincible dude let 's get out of here !... that dude 's crazy ! they take off down the street , run right past a woman , carry a bowl ball bag and dress in a fade , threadbare old rayon superhero costume with a decidedly fifty flavor . she be the bowler . ext . shoveler' backyard - a moment later we heroes sit around the patio , deject , miserable . bowler ( o.s. ) who die ? they look up , see she stand there , and be not quite sure what to make of she . raja who be you ? bowler I be the bowler . shoveler the bowler ? I remember he from when I be a kid . he be kill year ago . bowler I be he daughter . we heroes share a look . shoveler look , honey , be a superhero ... it 's a guy thing . bowler really ? she take she bowl ball and spin it on the tip of she finger ( like a harlem globetrotter ) . for a long moment she just look at they , smile . on the other watch , almost mesmerize by the spin ball ... suddenly , she give a ear split battle cry and start swinging the ball around she in wide ferocious arc , like a cannibal with a war club -- or a twirler on meth , go so fast she almost become a blur ... then , just as suddenly , she stop , aim and roll she ball ... it shoot straight through invisible Boy 's leg ... on a neatly place collection of plaster lawn dwarve - as the ball smashes into then , pulverize they ... it go into a reverse spin , pass through invisible Boy 's leg again , and return to the bowler who be hold its bag open for it ... the ball roll in . bowler good ball . on our heroe , leave absolutely speechless . bowler if it could zip up its own bag , then you would be impressed , right ? she turn and walk out . we heroes share a amaze look , then run after she ... just outside the gate - on the bowler walk away ... as furious catch up with she . furious hey ... can I buy you a beer ? bowler I think you would never ask . she take he arm and they all start to walk back into the shoveler 's backyard ... but the camera pan across the STREET to the dark place between two house , where a man wearing a strange steel mask with a frightening , impassively powerful expression stand in the deep shadow , watch they in motionless , predatory silence . we do not know who he be , and we cannot tell if he be good or evil . back at the barbecue - a little later - close on a fade old snapshot of the original " the bowler " hold a little girl in he arm . bowler ( o.s. ) he be more than just a superhero ... he be my father ... the other , touch by this , have gather around the bowler , who be hold the old snapshot in she hand . bowler and then one day , he do not come home . the police say it be a accident . but cargo container do not just fall on people . he be murder ... after that I fall apart . I drop out of school , become a mud wrestler , marry and divorced a jerk . when my mother die I hit bottom ... but then , when I be clean out she attic , I find my father 's old bowl bag and costume , almost like he would leave they there for I ... and I know what I have to do . shoveler so who kill he ? bowler the disco boy . furious you know something ? that guy be really start to piss I off ! shoveler but there 's still only six of we . furious so what ? bowler that 's two more than the fantastic four . furious half a dirty Dozen ! spleen twice the Three stooge ! invisible boy and only one short of the magnificent Seven . raja and you can not count horst buckholtz anyway . bowler he be cute though . raja but they all have one thing we have not get . spleen girlfriend ? raja a name . all the great superhero team have get a fabulous name . they all think about it for a moment . you can almost smell they brain overheate . bowler how about ... the Savage six ? raja the inscrutable six ? spleen the six pistol ? shoveler the exterminator ! invisible boy the obliterator ! raja the eradicator ! bowler the emasculator ! spleen wait -- I get it !... the spleen team . he get bean by a couple of empty soda can . furious to hell with a name . let 's get to work . music up as furious stand and start out . the other stand and follow he ... as we heroes form up for they first heroic group shot . ext . CITY STREET - night music continue as a little old lady cross the street , when suddenly she look up and see a pair of headlight come on fast . a immaculately maintain seventies limo be head straight for she . inside the limo - continuous disco boy sit in the front . casanova , anabel , and tony p sit in the back , dress for a night on the town ... there be a thud as the limo hit the old lady , and everyone in the car explode into laughter . tony p Little old lady . that 's a hundred point ! inside / outside the limo - a few minute later as the limo drive past a billboard with a ad for " milk " with a milk mustach Captain amazing look at the camera ... tony p he know you every move . tony p imitate a massive electrical convulsion , and the villain crack up . but as they pass the billboard , a pair of headlight illuminate in its shadow , and the shoveler 's Ford esquire pull out and follow . inside the esquire - continuous the shoveler be drive . mister furious sit in the front seat next to he , and we other heroes be pack into the back . furious let 's say hello . inside / outside the two car - continuous as the limo stop at a traffic light ... and the esquire pull up alongside it . for a moment good and evil stare each other down . tony p not this guy again ! the disco boy howl with laughter . casanova Nice car . the D boy laugh . furious stare at casanova , and casanova stare right back at he , as cool as a snake . furious what do you do with Captain amazing ? casanova Captain who ? tony p ( spot the bowler ) hey , in the backseat , who be you suppose to be , the bowler ? bowler I be he daughter . tony p his daughter ? well guess what , sweetheart ? I be the one who squish you daddy . and he squish real good ! the villain laugh , and mister furious explode into rage . he swing open he car door , mash it into the limo and leave a big dent . tony p hey ! furious ' scuse I ! he start punch the limo like it 's a punch bag -- put big dent in it . tony waste he ! tony and the boy all reach into they coat for they pistol -- but as they yank they out , the spleen stick he head out of the station wagon , put he face right up to the open window of the limo and let loose with a tremendous belch ... as the villain choke and gag in the noxious fume , mister furious go on a demolition rampage , work he way around the limo , punch big dent with he fist , break the window with he head , flatten the tire by kick they , knock off the rear view mirror with the back of he hand ... then he leap up on top of the limo ... while inside the villain gasp for air as big dent be stomp into the roof above they ... angle through the windshield as furious leap down onto the hood , and gaze in at they . furious shall I check you oil ? he plunge he hand through the metal of the hood , pull out the car 's dip stick , and check it . furious look fine . he toss the dip stick away , then leap off just as tony p get off a shot , exploding the windshield of the limo . furious land safely on the hood of the station wagon . as the shoveler throw the esquire into gear , furious shout ... furious nice car ! and we heroes streak off into the night ... casanova and the other stagger out of the demolish limo , suck in the clean air . casanova ( impressed by furious ) that boy 's get talent . tony p and I be gonna nip it in the bud . angle on a darkened alley - where the man in the strange steel mask can be see ... watch . ext . a bar - later that night - establishing a very typical , nondescript neighborhood place ... inside the bar - continuous we heroes stand at the bar , celebrate they first victory . shoveler to we ! raja whatever we name be . they toast and drink . the same - later the spleen be pass out at a table , snore . shoveler and invisible Boy sit next to he . shoveler even he snore smell bad . raja and bowler sit at the bar , deep in it . bowler but she 's you mother . you gotta tell she . raja I can not . on shoveler and invisible boy invisible boy dad think all this superhero stuff be a stupid waste of time . shoveler but he play golf , right ? invisible boy yeah . back on raja and bowler - raja I be she only son , and she always have such high hope for I . Medicine . Law . bowler but you be a superhero . raja the cape . the turban . she would not understand . bowler I know ... my girlfriend all dumped I after I put on the mask . they think I would lose it . raja but in fact ... you would find it . they clink they glass and drink . back on shoveler and invisible boy - shoveler this be you dream ... and you can not ever give it up . the spleen make weird noise in he sleep . invisible boy I wonder what he dream about ? shoveler we do not want to know . Mr. furious sit alone in the corner , brood , lose in he own angry thought .. outside the bar - continuous a black van drive slowly past the bar . inside the van - continuous the van be pack with disco boy . tony p sit in the front seat . tony p there . he Pov - he have spot the Ford esquire park in the lot . back in the bar - a little later on the bowler and raja - bowler it 's late . I be headin ' home . raja I , too . bowler ( to invisible Boy ) come on , junior , it 's a school night . just outside - a moment later as we heroes , carry the spleen , leave . furious anybody up for a little White Castle ? but suddenly the world be a whirling sass of chain and club as they be bushwhack by the disco boy ... ext . a alley - a little later - close on furious as he come to with a groan and see ... the bowler and invisible Boy tie up and gag , with the raja , shoveler , and the spleen truss up right next to they . furious look up , see tony p stand over he . tony p hi , cutie . furious struggle , but he have be secure with some very heavy tire chain . tony p take out a large caliber revolver , flip it open to make sure it 's load . tony p six loser . six bullet . perfect ... get any last word , angry Boy ? furious disco suck . tony p disco suck . very good . you know what I be gonna do , angry Boy , since you be so colorful ? I be gonna save you for last . he turn and point the pistol right at invisible Boy 's head . furious struggle against he chain -- to no avail . tony p sweet dream , punk . invisible Boy close he eye ... tony p cock the pistol ... but suddenly , there be the ring of steel -- a broad blade sweep through the air , and tony p 's pistol be slice neatly in half . tony p ( hold half a pistol ) holy ... the man be the strange steel mask be stand there , the draw machete still in he hand . man in mask Buenos naches . tony p get he ! the disco boy rush the newcomer , but he slice through they baseball bat with he machete , and send they reeling and crash into each other with expert forearm blow , whacks with the flat of he blade , and head butt with he mask . furious struggle to break free and join the fight , but the chain be too strong ... and the stranger do not need any help . tony p flick open a big switchblade and lunge at the stranger , who sidestep he like a matador and swing he machete at he . tony p turn , about to charge again . man in mask ( mexican accent ) would you like I to trim the side ? tony p what ? tony p feel the top of he head , and realize that the blow from the machete have neatly slice off the top he disco - do , leave only stubble on the top of he head . tony p ( freaking out ) let' get outta here ! tony and the disco boy run for it ... furious and the other study they mask savior , who stand before they , machete in hand . furious you be the sphinx . sphinx and you be a fool . he raise he machete above furious ' head ... and then slice clean through the chain . ext . auto demolition yard - later that night we heroes have gather around a scrap wood fire in a steel drum . they sit on the ground and on old car seat , feel like schmuck as the sphinx chew they out , he mask look very frightening and magical in the flicker light . sphinx you call yourselves superhero ? a rooster fight more intelligently than you ! you have show yourself to you enemy and reveal you power to he -- and what have you accomplish for this ? you have destroy he car . brilliant ! if you want to survive you must fight like a wolf pack -- not like a six pack ! furious sulk , but the other get the point . sphinx the wolf be cun . he know that stealth be he great weapon , and he always fight as a team ... ( at furious ) not like some drunken tejano on Saturday night . furious grunt . sphinx casanova frankenstein be a a master of evil . you will need more than shovel and dessert fork to stop he ... what else have you get ? they be silent . furious ( angrily ) so what else have superman get ? shoveler he 's get the fact that he 's superman ! bowler bullet bounce off he ! furious sulk again , feel that the other be turn against he . raja firepower cost money . invisible boy anybody get any ? a silence . shoveler we do not think this through very well . bowler ( after a moment ) my father have this friend ... he be a inventor ... ext . doc heller' farmhouse - day we heroes stand look at a old farmhouse . the place be a absolute wreck . it have not be paint in twenty - five year . window be board up . half the shingles be go . there 's visible fire damage around the kitchen window . shoveler be you sure he 's still life here ? raja be you sure he 's still alive ? bowler he be the last time I see he . shoveler when be that ? bowler I be eight . she be about to knock , but the door be suddenly yank open , and a eighty year old guy be stand there . he 's get a wild head of white hair ( that look like a live explosion ) , and he wear a stain old lab coat with stickum message to himself stick to it , non-match slipper , and a pair of thick glass with frame that have be composite of half a dozen different old pair all tape and weld together into a fantastic concoction . he be doc heller . heller yes ! bowler Doctor heller ? heller ( do not recognize she ) yes ! bowler it 's I ... Elizabeth . heller Elizabeth ! Little Elizabeth ! why you be so ... middle age ! bowler thanks . heller how 's you dad ? bowler he 's dead . heller oh that 's right -- they squish he ... heck of a guy . furious throw a look at the shoveler and raja . this guy 's out of it . they be waste they time . bowler Doc , this be my friend . we be superhero , and we need you help . heller well , I give to the United Way , and I feel that sort of cover -- sphinx Doctor , we need you weapon . heller ( ecstatic ) my weapon ? you need my weapon ? ext . behind the house - a minute later - moving angle as Doctor heller lead they all briskly across he overgrown yard toward ... the barn . heller the military establishment have never understand I . they will not return my phone call , much less field test anything . but I know that someday I would get my chance , and now ... here you be ! ( pull open the barn door ) int . the barn - continuous as we heroes step into heller 's laboratory / arsenal . a stack of small aluminum can line one wall . there be weird look sprayer , tube , and strange homemade toy-like device ... but there be not a firearm in sight . raja but , Doc ... where 's the machine gun ? shoveler the bazookas ? invisible boy the laser ? heller you do not need that junk ! you see , for thousand of year mankind have be immolate , disembowel , and explode itself . why ? because we have this build - in screw up need to go to war ! so as a young man I think , why not have the fun and excitement of war , without all that unnecessary bloodsh . that 's why I have devote my life to develop a arsenal of highly sophisticated non- lethal military weapon . ( point to a hand hold tube ) Air cannon ... blame thrower ... foot seek missile ... and perhaps my ultimate invention ... ( pick up one of the small can ) the can tornado . furious groan , and the other share a look . this guy 's really a nut . heller now here 's a beauty ! ( pick up a purple and orange sprayer that look like a supe up water gun ) I call it the shrinker ! I develop it after year of study the worst dry cleaner I could find . it instantly shrink fabric to half they size . anyone catch in its spray be immediately immobilize by they own clothing ! furious let 's get out of here . furious turn and go out , and the other start to follow . but the bowler pick up a can tornado . outside the barn - continuous as furious walk away , the bowler step out of the barn . bowler hey , mister bad mood . furious stop , turn back . bowler ( pull the ring on the can ) catch . she toss the can to he . he catch it -- just as a small angry tornado funnel out of the can . it catch furious and lift he high in the air ... then dissipate to nothing ... a beat later furious land on the ground with a painful thump . on the other , amaze . furious get to he foot , unhurt , but really piss off . he start back toward the barn , violently kick the empty can . the other get out of he way , as , mutter angrily to himself , he go back into the barn ... and emerge a moment later , tote the air cannon . heller he 's get the air cannon ! the other think he 's go to use it on they and scatter for cover . but furious step out into the yard , look for a suitable target ... he see a old abandon outhouse , put the air cannon to he shoulder , aim , and fire ... there be a loud whoooomph of compress air , and the huge recoil of the cannon instantly fling furious back against the wall of the barn . but the big rush of air hit the shed dead center ... and blows it to piece , leave only the old seat . furious get up , dust himself off , and move to Doc heller . furious Doc , you be a genius ! ( hug he ) heller I know . furious ( turn to the other ) okay ! we get the firepower ! I say we throw it into the car , drive over to casanova 's house , and kick some ass ! sphinx no . the other ignore furious and listen to the sphinx . sphinx we be not yet ready . now we must learn to fight together ... as one thing . the other nod in agreement ... while furious fume . montage with music - training at the farm close on doc heller aim he air cannon ... camera pull back to reveal we heroes ( minus furious ) stand in a pack right behind he , hold he down . he fire , and the recoil jolt they all violently , but it do not knock they over ... as half a dozen scarecrow be blow to piece ... we heroes cheer and shake they fist ... while Mr. furious sit alone on the sideline , drink bourbon , and feel very alienate . various shot as we heroes learn to fight as a team ... crawl across the grass together ... charge in a line ... hurl can tornado ... while furious sit it out , brood , drink , and get very jealous of the sphinx . shoveler , bowler , and the sphinx stand shoulder to shoulder , as invisible Boy , spleen , raja , and the Doc throw small stone at they ... they deflect the pebble with shovel , bowl ball , and machete ... theyre have fun . they be become a team ... ext . outside the barn - evening furious drink alone , while the rest of we heroes sit around a old picnic table , feast on soda and pizza ( like a football team after a great practice . ) raja explain the history of the situation to the sphinx . raja twenty year ago all the major hoodlum of this city be united into one great brotherhood of evil , and casanova be they king . shoveler crime be rampant . it be not safe to stay in you home . bowler much less go outside . shoveler then Captain amazing appear . raja he bust casanova and send the crook pack . shoveler and this have be a pretty nice place to live ever since . furious ( piss off ) but now casanova 's back ! and we be gonna sit around here all night eat pizza and tell storey ! hey , let toast some marshmellow ! sphinx the wise snake coil before he strike . furious ( lunge at the sphinx ) and a skunk stink ! furious and the sphinx square off , they face only inch apart . sphinx you drink too much . furious when be you go to take off that mask ? sphinx ( pointedly ) when I be sure I be among friend . raja Roy -- furious ( snap at he ) go dance with you mother , Jeffrey ! on the raja , hurt . sphinx you rage be a very great power , but it blind you to you heart . furious my heart die a long time ago . sphinx it be not dead . it be hide . furious blow it out you bean hole , pancho !... and to hell with the rest of you !... look at you . bunch of reject . I do not need you before -- and I do not need you now ! ( jump on to he motorcycle ) the great one ride alone ! ( kick the engine start ) adios , muchachos ! ( and he ride off across the field ) on the other , watch he ... bowler have he always be like this ? ext . country road - continuous - close on furious the wind whipping against he face , as he ride he harley at about a hundred mile a hour ... the languorous sound of a old dean martin song be hear as we ... fade into : memory sequence - day - close on furious as a little boy , sit in the backseat of the family car . it be thirty year ago , and mister furious be a sweet , very shy , well behave , perfectly normal three year old . his mother and father sit in the front . Dean Martin be play on the car radio . Little furious look out the window and see the mohave Desert go by . a sign read " Las Vegas , 120 mile " . mother ( to husband ) oh this place look great . a old sign read " bar " as the family car pull into the parking lot of a single adobe building out in the middle of nowhere . they park . mother now honey , you just wait in the car . mommy and daddy will be right beck . they get out , lock the car and head for the bar , leave the window up . Little furious watch they go , never suspect that he entire life be about to change . he sit quietly in the backseat and play with the little superhero figurine that he 's bring with he . little furious pow ! bang ! wham ! inside the bar - continuous as the parent enter . a very western motif . a old gene autrey song be play on the juke . the air conditioning be on . they be the only customer in the place . mother it 's nice and cool in here . father ( as they sit at the bar ) barkeep , a couple of cold one . CUT back and forth between car and bar - angle on the midday son - blaze down on the car ... as Little furious still play with he superhero , but the interior be start to bake , and the sweat begin to pour off he . he look out at the bar , get worried . he try the window , but they be automatic and will not open ... back in the bar he parent down shot of bourbon with they beer , as the bartender finish tell they a joke . bartender and here 's a banana for you monkey . Mom and dad have a good laugh . bartender couple more ? father you bet . angle from outside tue car as Little furious , sweat and tear pour out of he , he hair wet and stick out ( and start to take on that familiar look ) , pound on the window . little furious mommy ! daddy ! mommy ! daddy ! as back in the bar he parent , now very drunk , down more beer and chaser as they play a spirite game of pinball . angle on the mohave SUN - beat down mercilessly barely able to breath , Little furious flop back onto the seat , he face a mask of heat and terror ... but suddenly , a change begin to take place in he , as some primordial defense mechanism kick in ... and he fear begin to give way to rage ... his tooth bare . close on he hand - as they crush the superhero figurine in they grasp ... while back in the bar he drunken parent dance a slow two step to hank Williams " you cheatin ' heart " ... ext . the parking lot - night - hank william continue as the big desert moon shine down on the family car , still park there . inside the bar - continuous the parent be asleep in a booth . furious ' mother wake up , look around groggily , and in a moment of horror suddenly remember ... mother oh my GOD ! the parking lot - a beat later as she run toward the car , hysterical . mother oh my God ! oh my God ! oh my God ! she unlock the door , throw it open , and see something that make she pull back in horror ... Little furious sit in the backseat . his hair stick out wildly , he face have become that now familiar mask of primordial rage . another old dean martin song be hear as we ... fade into : int . the diner - night - close on furious sit alone in the booth , a look of profound pain and lonliness on he face ; he be still that little boy . the Dean Martin song be play on the juke . monica ( o.s. ) hi. he look up and see monica . furious hi. monica alone tonight ? furious every night . she smile . ext . the frankenstein mansion - continuous armed disco boy guard the front entrance ... while on the hillside above invisible Boy ( look through binocular ) and the spleen lie together on they belly in the weed , keep the mansion under surveillance . spleen ( in a whisper ) adolescence be the worst -- the other kid make fun of I , so I would spit on they and they would scatter -- I have never have a girlfriend -- unless you count that night with my cousin -- she recover fully though -- we exchange card every Christmas -- well , I send she one , and she send it back ... ( spritzes something into he mouth , then offer it to invisible Boy ) bug repellent ? suddenly , the gate of the mansion open and several sedan ... follow by a truck , drive out ... Pov through binoculars - casanova and anabel sit in the front of the truck . invisible boy ( o.s. ) where be they go ? invisible Boy hesitates for just a momnt , then get up and run down the hill . spleen ( run after he ) kid ! as the small convoy drive past , invisible Boy slip out from behind some tree , run after the truck , jump up and sit on its rear bumper . the spleen come run after he , and invisible Boy reach out , grab he hand and pull he up alongside he . invisible Boy try the rear gate . it 's open . the two of they pull it up just a foot , squirm inside , then pull it close behind they . inside the truck - continuous invisible Boy flash the light of he key chain flashlight around the inside of the truck . there be nothing in it , except for a large pile of pack blanket . ext . waterfront area - night as the convoy drive through Champion City 's seedy waterfront area and out onto a long pier . int . the diner - night - close on the tv Dawn Wong and Don stouffer report the night 's news . dawn ... still no sign of millionaire lance hunt , and now , in a unrelated story , another one of Champion City 's lead citizen have apparently disappear . Captain amazing have not be see or hear from in a week . authority believe that the hard work superhero may just be take a well deserve rest . don Cancun perhaps ? dawn sound good to I , Don . Mr. furious sit in the booth drink coffee as monica serve he he burger and fries . furious ( floundering ) monica ... I be wonder if -- uh -- maybe we -- I mean you and I -- could -- uh -- you know -- get a -- I mean have a ... monica date ? furious yeah . monica I get off work in fifteen minute . walk I home ? furious sure . monica that be easy . ( go back to work ) on furious , feel a whole lot better . just outside the diner - continuous - unknown Pov from across the street . furious ' head be clearly visible in the brightly illuminate window of the diner . a disco Boy stand in the shadow , gaze at the diner ; he recognize furious . ext . waterfront - night the convoy have pull up alongside a rusty old freighter , dock at the pier . casanova 's man throw the gate of the truck open , and the camera move in . no one be there , but we notice ... two large lump under the pack blanket . casanova hold anabel in he arm as they watch a large wooden crate be lower from the deck of the freighter . casanova honey , we ship 's come in . casanova 's cellular phone ring . outside the diner - continuous the disco Boy be on he phone . his pistol be draw , and he 's get it aim right at furious ' head . DISCO boy just give I the word . back to the pier - continuous - on casanova casanova ( get a idea ) wait . I will be right there . ( hang up , start off ) anabel ( peeve ) where be you go ? casanova head hunt . a minute later casanova and two or three disco boy drive off in one of the sedan ... as the crate be load onto the truck , and the gate be pull close ... and lock . inside the truck - a moment later the engine start up , and the truck start to move , as invisible soy and the spleen poke they head out from under the pack blanket ... they approach the crate and invisible Boy shine he flashlight on it . the crate be secure with rivet and thick metal band ; there 's no way they be go to be able to get inside it , but in the light of the flashlight they see ... fade red lettering , in Russian , and the distinctive old hammer and sickle of the former Soviet Union . ext . dimly lit STREET - night furious walk monica home . monica I admire you . furious why ? monica be a superhero , want to save the world . it 's so ... unselfish . furious it be ? monica most people just want to make money or be famous or something . but you risk everything , just to help people . furious ( after a moment ) I would not mind be famous . monica who would not ? in the shadow behind they ... casanova follow , stalking they , as silent as a vampire . monica I have never be able to figure out what to do with my life , which be why I guess I be still a waitress . furious nothing wrong with be a waitress . monica what 's you real name ? furious Roy . monica have you always live here ? he nod . monica I too ... I love this stupid old town . it 's noisy . it 's smelly . it 's fall apart . furious it 's home . monica yeah . casanova's Pov monica , smile , look lovely . close 0n casanova ; he want she ... back on furious and monica - monica I have think of leave , go to Chicago or New York , but ... furious what have they get that we be not get ? monica Champion 's go to bounce back , and I want to be here when it do . furious I , too . monica you do not seem very angry right now . he shrug . and they kiss , very tenderly . monica you know what ? underneath all that anger I think there 's just a little boy who want everyone to love he . furious I just want to be a superhero . monica that 's what I mean ... ' night , Roy . she turn and climb the stair of a old apartment building and go inside , as furious watch , feel emotion he 's not use to . he really like she . he start walk back down the street , past a man sit on the stoop . the man look up . it 's casanova frankenstein . casanova go my way ? furious be catch completely by surprise -- he take a stand , ready to fight . casanova take it easy -- take it easy . I just want to have a little chat ... that be quite a number you do on my car . you have get a lot of violence in you ... and I like that in a guy . furious , silent . casanova you know what the difference be between good and evil , Roy ? furious react to the fact that casanova know he real name . casanova evil be more fun . when you want something , you just take it , and if somebody get in you way , you kill they ... you seem like a very frustrated guy , Roy . unhappy . unfulfilled . what be it that you have always want , always desire ? because whatever it be , I can give it to you ... Fame ? ( snap he finger ) easy . fortune ? even easier . woman ? ( laugh ) the easiest of all . close on furious as , out of the corner of he eye , he catch movement in the alley across the street ... he know what it be . casanova I will let you in on a little secret , Roy . in two day this entire city will belong to I , and there 's not a damn thing you little pal can do about it . it 's the perfect time to switch team ... so what do you say ? furious ( quietly ) you be nut . casanova ( flair ) they always call the great one nut . furious and the nut always call themselves great . casanova ( he psychosis show ) be you with I ... or against I ? furious against . casanova too bad . plug he ! gunfire ring out from the alley as the disco bay step out , they pistol blaze . but furious have anticipate they . he leap right at casanova , pin he arm in a bear hug and hold he in the line of fire . casanova wait ! the disco boy stop fire ... furious drag casanova back into a empty lot , use he as a shield . furious ( to casanova ) thanks for remind I which team I be on . casanova you be dead . furious so be you ! furious release casanova , then run for it and leap over the wooden wall at the end of the lot ... as the disco boy open fire again , and they bullet punch hole through the wall ... furious run down a back street and escape into the night . ext . the frankenstein CENTER - continuous the convoy drive up the hill toward a ominous look structure ( that we recognize from the model on the tv interview with casanova earlier . ) a high central tower rise up out of the half complete bulwark of featureless concrete . it look both totally modern and completely ancient , but a profound sense of evil connect both theme beautifully . angle on a plaque that read ... " frankenstein Center for the perform and non-performing Arts " . the gate of the center open , and the convoy pass through . inside the truck - a moment later invisible Boy and the spleen stand listen , wait , as they feel the truck pull to a stop ... a moment later the gate be pull open ... anabel be there with several thuggy look security guard . anabel be careful with my baby . there be two lump under the pack blanket again . ext . loading dock - a few minute later the crate be be carry away by a forklift ... a beat , and then invisible Boy and the spleen slip out of the empty truck ... and run down the road back toward the gate ... which be still open . they be just about to pass safely through they , when a pair of armed security guard , step in they path , they gun point at thern . guard 1 freeze ! guard 2 hand up ! they freeze , they hand hold high . guard 2 what be you two do here ? we heroes be mute . guard 1 not talk , eh ? that can be fix . turn around , start walk up the hill -- guard 2 and no funny business . invisible Boy and the spleen turn , hand in the air , and start up the hill , the guard right behind they . spleen ( after a moment , to invisible Boy , in a whisper ) pinch them . invisible Boy pinch he nostril -- and the spleen let out with a horrendous fart . the guard gag and choke violently in the fume as we heroes turn and run for it ... escape out the gate . int . doc keller' laboratory / barn - a little later invisible Boy and spleen report to the other . invisible boy whatever be in that crate ... be from Russia . the other consider this , then hear a familiar voice . furious ( o.s. ) be there room in the pack for one more wolf ? they look up and see that furious have just return ... the sphinx move to he . for a moment they stand face to face ... furious I be wrong ... I need my friend . sphinx take off he mask , revealing that he be the busboy from the tacky Taco . sphinx amigo . they embrace . a few minute later . the other be gather around furious , listen to he story . furious casanova say that in two day the entire city would belong to he ... and there be not a thing that we could do about it . bowler what do he mean ? furious I dunno . through the window the moon be see rise over the hillside , the frankenstein Center silhouett ominously against it . raja , shoveler , and furious gaze at it . shoveler maybe it 's time we check that place out . raja but how do we get in ? furious ( after a moment , sounding very sphinx - like ) we just become like the wolf ... who wear the sheep 's clothing . montage with music - the next day classic DISCO ( " stayin ' alive " if we can get the rights ) furious , raja , and shoveler ( in street clothes ) walk down the street together and step into the doorway of ... the salvation Army thrift shop ... later . close on three pair of leg , wear polyester pants and vintage shoe ( ala the classic shot from " Saturday night fever " ) ... camera widen to reveal we three heroes , dress in full blow seventies attire ( with vintage sunglass ) , do they best travolta strut down the street ... music continue as we heroes strut they way through the gate of the art center , right past the security guard ... outside the CENTER - day they climb the long stair toward the center , which loom above they ... then pass through the big wooden door and into ... int . MAIN hall - a moment later end music as we heroes move through a vast , but empty main hall ... a small army of heavily armed security guard march about . raja so where 's the art ? furious he have not steal it yet . shoveler this place be build like a fortress . furious because that 's what it be . they hear a wild burst of drunken laughter echoing through the hall . raja what 's that ? furious ( follow the sound ) come on . they approach a doorway . the noise be come from within . int . banquet hall - a moment later as we heroes step inside and see ... a big luncheon be in progress . casanova , anabel , and tony p sit at the head table . the room be line with banquet table , which be fill with vicious looking character , drunk , eat , laugh , and give the waitress a very rough tim .. raja ( stunne ) oh my God ... every crook in the city be here . on a group of vicious looking bald biker type ... raja ( o.s. ) the bone head from the South side ... on three insipidly evil looking guy in hip suit ... raja ( o.s. ) the bland boy from downtown ... on a dark haire white guy dress as a rapper ... raja ( o.s. ) italian Ice ... on a guy with a frightening assortment of metal thing pierce he face ... raja ( o.s. ) the stapler ... on two thug dressed as elvis ... raja ( o.s. ) the elvis Brothers . a more degenerate group of criminal never sit down to lunch . furious recognize one of the waitress ... it 's monica . casanova 's get he eye on she , too , and he remember she from the night before on the street with furious . on anabel , notice he interest . we heroes see monica walk straight toward they . they turn away , lean against a wail , try to be totally inconspicuous ... but as she pass they , not notice they ... casanova approach she . casanova Excuse I . she stop , turn to he , while we heroes listen in , only a few foot away ... casanova ( read she name tag ) monica ... beautiful name . it suit you . close on furious , get jealous . casanova I hope you will not take this the wrong way , but I could not help but notice ... that you be a dead ringer for Veronica Lake in " the Blue dahlia " . monica really ? furious growl . raja give he a elbow . casanova be you a actress ? monica just a waitress . casanova you underestimate yourself . mister furious be fume . the strand of he perfectly coiff disco - do start to stand straight up . casanova you know I be write a play -- it 's just a little Broadway thing , but there 's a part in it that I think you would be perfect for . monica really ? casanova I would love to hear you read it . could you stick around after the luncheon ? monica sure -- I guess . casanova terrific . she turn and walk into the kitchen . close on casanova , watch she ; he intention be sinister ... he turn and see ... we heroes , hang by the wall . casanova what be you three do here ? this be invite guest only . out . we heroes skulk out . just outside the banquet hall - continuous as we heroes step out and breathe a sigh of relief . raja that be too close . shoveler but we gotta find out what 's go on in there . furious hey . furious have spot ... a large cover dessert table , wait to be wheeled into the hall . back in the banquet hall - a few minute later as the dessert table be wheeled in ... and in a closer angle , under the table cloth , we see three pair of disco shoe creep along ... a few minute later , monica step up to the dessert table ... suddenly , she be yank under . under the table - continuous monica struggle , try to cry out , but a hand be clamp firmly over she mouth . furious it 's I . she calm down , and he take he hand off she mouth . monica what be you guy do here ? raja & shoveler shhhh ! the waitress leave ; the big door to the dining room be swing close , and the cigar be light . the meeting have begin . casanova take the podium . casanova thank you all for come . I hope you enjoy the cigar . I have to kill a dozen cuban to get they . tony p chuckle loudly , but the joke go over like a lead balloon with the rest of the crowd . casanova twenty year ago , this town be yours ! and I be you king ! on the hood , listen , bored , puffing on they cigar ; this be a sad old story . casanova ( tragically ) but they call I a psycho , and they put I away . for twenty year I rotted in my cell , painting watercolor , write haikus -- just wait for the day I could take my revenge . well , brother , that day have come ! on our heroe under the table , listen . monica begin to realize what 's go on . back to casanova - casanova they think I be crazy ? well the joke 's on they -- because tonight at precisely midnight -- on the twentieth anniversary of my tragic arrest -- every man , woman , and child in this city be go to turn into a raving psychotic ! mother will murder they tot ! Old lady will strangle they cat ! Children will bump off they babysitter ! the guest think casanova 's completely lose it . italian Ice speak up . italian ice you be outta you mind ! casanova I beg you pardon ? italian ice nobody could drive a whole city crazy . casanova tell you what , Ice . I will make you a friendly little wager . it I can not do it ... you can blow my brain out . if I can , I will blow out yours . now the hood ' interest have be perk . italian ice done . casanova ( to anabel , with a smile ) honey , give the boy a taste . anabel put on a pair of heavy duty sound deaden ear protector , then press a button on a small remote control device . angle on a speaker , place above the podium ... as the air be suddenly fill with a weird , stridulate , horrific noise ( somewhere between the sound of a fire siren and a hornet trap in you ear ) and everyone in the room ( except anabel ) go completely berserk ... camera pan the table as the guest laugh dementedly , punch , gouging , strangling , and stabbing each other ... under the serve table we heroes go crazy ... casanova , in a state of psychotic ecstasy , whip out he pistol and empty it into italian Ice ... who drop to the floor , dead . anabel press the button again ; the sound wind down and stop , and everything return to normal . the entire event last only a few second , but the guest be dazzle . crook that be great !... what the hell be that ?... how do you do that ? casanova throw anabel a kiss . casanova tonight , at midnight , that sound will be amplify across this entire city . murder and mayhem will reign supreme ! and Champion City will be ours again ! this will be we castle ! and I will be we king ! and there 's no one to stop we ! suddenly , a familiar voice be hear . amazing ( o.s. ) not so fast , casanova ! a pair of curtain suddenly part ... and Captain amazing ( look a bit singe ) be stand there in classic superhero pose . camera pan the crook , as they criminal ecstasy turn instantly to terror . they yank out they pistol , dive for cover under the table , throw up they hand in surrender , etc ... but casanova just grin . casanova do not worry , fella ... ( move to Captain amazing , and put he arm chummily around he ) I kill he ... and I have have he stuff . casaova reach behind Captain amazing 's back and pull a string ( like the one they use to have on that old talk doll ) . amazing ( in a can voice ) be not my butt cute in this tight ? ( pull again ) Blue be my color . ( pull again ) oh , my abs be kill I ! the crook be beside themselves with laughter . on our heroe , under the table , stunne . on the elvis brother - elvis brother 1 the King be back ! elvis brother 2 Long live the King ! the crook fire they pistol exuberantly into the air , as disco music fill the air and casanova dance , bask in they adoration ... and we heroes slip out from under the table and make good they escape ... int . doc heller' barn / lab - later we heroes and monica pow - wow , sober by what they have see . monica what could have make such a horrible noise ? heller ( after a moment , gravely ) he 's get the psychostridulator . all the what ? heller ten year ago the kremlin 's top secret psychiatric warfare division develop a prototype for a weapon that emitted a fluctuate alternative frequency noise that produce a violent psychotic reaction in any mammal within hearing distance . but when the old Soviet Union fall the stridulator and its brilliant inventor , Doctor kopov , disappear . shoveler this kopov , what happen to he ? heller not he ... she . they react to that piece of news , and then the bowler open up the newspaper . bowler do she look like that ? close on a photo of anabel and casanova , announce they wedding engagement . heller yes . silence ; this be bad . spleen ( hopefully ) maybe it will not work . furious it work . heller a village in siberia be wipe out when a clean woman switch it on by mistake . another grim silence , as they realize how desperate the situation be . for the first time , they be really scared . monica we have get to warn the city . shoveler how ? raja no one will believe we . bowler they will think we be just a bunch of weirdo . camera cut between they as they look at each other -- they frighten face , they sad , fade costume . even the sphinx look scared . furious ( after a moment , grimly ) we know what we gotta do . they look at he . raja we be outnumber twenty to one . shoveler it 's suicide . furious maybe . but this be not about live or die . it 's about good versus evil , and we be good , whether we like it or not ... maybe we look a little funny ... on the spleen ... furious and smell a little funny . we be not bulletproof and we can not fly . but we be superhero -- and that mean do what 's right -- even when it 's impossible ... this be we city -- this be we friend , we family -- and if we do not save they , nobody will ! so I say we take a ride up that hill , blast we way in there , destroy that psycho-whatchamabob -- and teach that deviant a lesson they will never forget ! sphinx now you be talk . bowler sound good to I . raja let 's do it . shoveler and we will take a bunch of them with we ! they be all with he . monica step forward . monica I just want you guy to know -- I may not be a superhero , but I be with you -- and I want to help ! all oh that 's great ... thanks , monica ... ( etc . ) bowler we could really use some coffee -- shoveler and some sandwich -- spleen with mustard ! monica ( she feeling a little hurt ) sure . a few minute later , monica serve sandwich and coffee as we heroes plan ... raja but that place be huge and we do not know where this psycho thing be -- bowler or even what it look like . heller and he must have it well hide . furious we will just have to get lucky . on monica as she get a idea . a moment later she slip a can tornado into she purse ... as the other put they arm around each other in a group huddle\embrace . furious go do what you gotta do . we will meet back here at sunset ... do or die . all do or die . sphinx Victoria of morte . heroic music as ... ext . auto demolition yard - day - close angle on the front grill of the herkimer Battle jitney ... as mister furious hook it up to the " Sally 's Auto demolition " tow truck ... a moment later he drive the tow truck , towing the off the lot , as Sally step out of she office , piss off ... sally hey ! ext . heller be farm - day on the sphinx , stand as immobile and silent as a statue ... as a fall leaf slowly flutter down in front of he ... in a flash , he machete slice through the air , and the leaf continue flutter down , but in two piece ... int . laboratory / barn - day Doc heller fine tune he shrinker spray ... as the bowler sit quietly in the hayloft , study the old dog ear photo of she father and herself as a little girl ... int . invisible boy' room - day invisible Boy stand in front of he mirror , eye close , concentrate for all he 's worth , try to become invisible ... he suddenly pop open he eye and look at himself in the mirror ... but he 's still completely visible . he flop onto he bed in frustration . int . the diner - day close on a table full of food ... eggplant Parmesan , broccoli , chili ... camera pull back to reveal the spleen sit alone in the booth , stuff he face , gassing up for battle . int . the shoveler' house - day the shoveler , stand in he bedroom , have just put on he freshly launder suit . camera open wide to reveal Lucille , he wife , stand there , hold he just polished shovel . he take it from she , then take she in he arm . shoveler baby , if I do not make it ... find yourself ... a normal guy . lucille I do not want a normal guy . and they kiss . a few minute later ... in the live room the shoveler 's kid lie sprawle in front of the television . the shoveler , in battle array , step into the room . he want to say something to they , but the kid do not even take they eye off the tv look at he ... he turn and walk out in silence . end music ... int . the raja' dine room - day the shade be draw . the raja , in full costume , quietly load silverware into the secret pocket of he cape . suddenly , the light switch on ... it 's he mother . she 's catch he red hand . mother Jeffrey , you thief ! raja mother ... it 's not what you think ! mother and why be you wear that silly costume ? raja ( painfully ) because ... i'm a superhero ! on he mother , shocked . raja oh , mother , I be sorry . I know how much you want I to be a doctor or a lawyer with a family -- but it 's just not who I be ! mother but ... the silverware ? raja I use it ... to fight evil . mother ( after a moment ) Jeffrey ... this be wonderful . raja ( stunne ) it be ? mother I always know that you be special . raja you do ? mother ever since you be a little boy ... ( get a idea , excited ) come with I . int . upstair hallway - a moment later she pull down the stairway to the attic ... int . the attic - a moment later she switch on the light and lead the raja to a far corner ... where she move a couple of old hat box , revealing a ancient leather bound box with the word " excalibur " engrave in gold on the top . mother this be for you . the raja open the box and register astonishment as he see ... a fabulous victorian silver set pack with formidable look server , cake knife , ice cream fork . mother you great great grandmother 's wedding silver . the raja lift up and handle a large heavily engrave pie server . raja bitchin ' . ext . outside heller' barn / lab - evening - close on mister furious , wrench in hand , cover with grease and oil , cussing to himself as he work under the hood of the herkimer . furious try it again ! invisible Boy , sit behind the wheel , try the ignition of the herkimer , and the old engine grind as it turn over , but do not catch . furious come on , baby ... come on , baby ... I say come on ! mister furious slug the engine with he fist , and it sputter and backfire into life ... shaking , rattling , leak , explode , but run ... furious kiss the herkimer ... as the bowler call out to he from the barn . bowler mon Captain , it 's for you . ( toss he the phone ) furious hello ? ext . unknown location - evening - close on monica monica ( on a phone , speak very softly ) it 's I . back to furious - continuous furious monica , where be you ? back to monica - wider angle revealing that she be on a pay phone just outside the art center . she 's wear make - up and a sexy little dress ; she look she 's dress for a date . disco boy and security guard go about they business all around she . monica at the frankenstein Center . CUT back and forth between they - furious be you nut ? get out of there ! monica I be go inside . furious what be you talk about ? monica listen , casanova may be a supervillain , but he 's get a weakness , and I be it . maybe -- just maybe -- I can trick he into show I the location of the whatchamath . furious he 's a psycho ! he will kill you ! monica just shut up and listen . hold off the attack as long as you can . if I can discover the location I will call you -- furious and what if you get kill ? monica then at least I will have die try , right ? furious silent , take aback by she courage . monica Roy ... we might never see each other again , so I would better tell you now ... I think you be wonderful . furious ( catch completely off guard ) what ? monica bye. ( and she hang up ) furious monica ! int . lobby of the frankenstein CENTER - continuous as monica approach a guard stand by the main door . monica could you tell Mr. frankenstein that monica be here ? guard sure , doll . back to the barn - continuous furious stand by the herkimer , phone still in hand . he seem speechless , daze . something inside he have change . bowler ( worried about he ) hey ... you okay ? furious sure . back to the frankenstein CENTER - a few minute later casanova step out and see ... monica , look very sexy . monica hi. casanova I think you would chicken out on I . monica just want to ... powder my nose . his eye roam all over she ; he know she 's up to something , but she look yummy , and this be just the sort of cat and mouse game he love . monica how ' bout give I " the tour " ? casanova why not ? ext . courtyard - a few minute later as casanova lead monica across a open courtyard toward ... the sheer wall of the impose central tower . casanova Big , be not it ? he lead she to a massive archway , the only apparent entrance to the tower . but just as she be about to pass through , monica look up and see something that make she pull back with fear ... her Pov - a very sinister look security eye gaze down at she from the top of the archway . casanova do not worry . it 's not activate . they pass through and into ... int . room in the base of tower - continuous which be fill with immense bronze sculpture of voluptuous , scantily clad female in various pose of bondage . monica react ; this thing be scary . monica who 's the artist ? casanova me. ext . the barn / lab - night the bowler , spleen , invisible Boy , and Doc heller load up the herkimer with heller 's weaponry ... as mister furious lie sprawle on the hillside ... breathe in the night air , contemplate a dandelion go to seed , and listen to the sound of the night . the raja , shoveler , and sphinx , stand nearby , watch , try to figure out what 's wrong with he . a whippoorwill be hear sing . furious listen . he 's lonely ... and he do not care who know it . raja and shoveler share a bewilder look . the bird sing again . furious we be all the same really . we song , we dream , we seed be all just a brave attempt to live forever . ( blow the dandelion seed into the wind ) sphinx he be in love . his anger be go . raja oh no . shoveler great timing ! furious have monica call ? int . top of the frankenstein tower - continuous casanova lead monica into ... a palatial room , fill with priceless object d'art , all of which reflect casanova 's dark psyche . a munch painting . mayan idol . weird german furniture . a huge glass chandelier hover over the room . a massive bronze sculpture of a wolf ( do in the same style as the other sculpture ) be perch in the balcony . it seem to be howling out over the city which be see in a spectacular view , spread out alonq the lakeshore below . casanova this be where I come to ... be alone . he turn down the light and quietly close and lock the big door to the room . close on monica , sense she danger . monica oh , look at that view . she move out onto the balcony ... as casanova slip the gold chain from around he neck and follow she . int . barn / lab - continuous we heroes have gather around furious , who sit in a chair , get the third degree . heller snap out of it ! bowler get on to yourself ! shoveler ( shouting right in he face ) get mad ! furious but I just do not feel it . raja he 's turn into a completely normal person ! furious normal . what 's normal ? do normal exist ? and if it do , how would we know it ? the shoveler slug he , send he sprawling . furious you know , Eddie , that be really uncall for . ext . balcony on frankenstein tower - on monica gaze out onto the city , as she sense casanova slinking up behind she . monica I be chilly . she turn , elegantly avoid he , and move back inside . back to the barn / lab - continuous spleen hold up furious ' favorite sunglass . spleen look ! you favorite sunglass ! ( snap they in two ) bowler you Roy Rogers coffee mug ! ( hurl it against the wall ) shoveler you spiderman pez dispenser ! ( break the head off it ) furious okay , you win . I be piss off . I be seriously peeve . the other groan with frustration . back at the frankenstein tower - continuous monica move nervously around the room as casanova sprawl languorously on the bed , toy with he gold chain . casanova come here . monica I be not that kind of girl . casanova then why be you here ? monica curiosity . casanova ( with a smile ) remember the cat . suddenly , he hear high heel in the hall . a key be put in the lock -- casanova leap off the bed , grab monica and roughly shove she into the closet . he leap back onto the bed , just as the door open , and anabel , dress in a lab coat ( and wear high heel ) enter . casanova be completely relaxed , nonchalant . anabel what be you do all alone in the dark ? casanova fantasize ... about you . she cross the room to the wolf sculpture . casanova I think you be do ? anabel one last tweak . she open a secret panel on its back , revealing a flashing high tech interior ... and monica , watch from the closet , realize that she have find the psychostridulator . back to the barn / lab - continuous - close on a boom box ... a CD jacket tell we that " Kenny G. " be play ... raja if this do not do it , nothing will ! on furious , a pair of headphone on he head . the music be so loud that we can hear it even though it 's be play only through the headphone . on the other , gather around he , wait to see if this will work . and then furious begin to respond ... as he face turn into a contort grimace . bowler it 's work ! furious groan and writhes ... the other be thrilled ; they have do it ! furious this music be just so beautiful ! he start to weep . the other give a collective groan of defeat . back at the frankenstein tower - continuous as anabel work on the psychostridulator , monica look at a clock ... which read almost eleven . time be run out . back to the barn / lab - close on shoveler' wristwatch which also read eleven . shoveler and raja - shoveler it 's time . raja with or without he , we gotta go ! back to the frankenstein tower - as anabel close up the wolf ... and start to leave . anabel we guest be wait . casanova I will be down in a jiffy . she go out . casanova listen as the sound of high heel fade away , then he go to the closet and let monica out . monica I would better go . casanova you be a spy . monica ( offguard ) what ? casanova I see he walk you home . monica who ? casanova Roy . she make a sudden try for the door , but he block she way , a cold look in he eye that make she step back in fear . casanova do not be afraid ... I never hit a lady ... he let the gold chain drop loose in he hand , then start come for she , a sadistic grin on he face . this be the real casanova . monica pull back , then reach into she purse and take out a canned tornado , which she hold out threateningly . monica stay away ! casanova or you will what ? can I ? he laugh dementedly as monica pop open the can and a swirling funnel of AIR shoot out of it and engulf casanova , throw he across the room ... monica grab the handset of a cordless phone and run out the door . on casanova , pull himself together . casanova that bitch ! int . corridor just outside - continuous as monica run for it , dial the phone on the fly ... int . tee barn / lab - continuous - on the phone ringing ... but no one be there ... ext . the barn / lab - continuous we heroes be climb into the herkimer , whose noisy idling engine obliterate the ringing of the phone . furious but she still might call ! shoveler be you come or not ? furious I will drive . shoveler not a chance ! he shove he in the back , close the heavy steel door behind he . back to the frankenstein tower - continuous - on monica hide behind a large planter ... listen to the phone ringing on the other end . monica come on , guy ... pick up ... suddenly , we hear casanova 's voice on the line . casanova's voice what 's the matter ... back in the tower room - continuous casanova be listen in on another phone . casanova nobody home ? back to monica - continuous as she move quickly down the hall . inside the herkimer - continuous the shoveler be at the wheel . the raja sit in the passenger seat . the other be in the back . shoveler here we go ! he force the stick into gear and the herkimer lurch forward . shoveler we have get lift off ! raja May the fork be with we ! ext . doc heller' house - continuous as the herkimer -- backfire , smoking , clanging -- rumble down the driveway into action . back in the herkimer - continuous shoveler try to put the car in second gear , but it will not go . he yank and pull and struggle , until the stick come off in he hand . raja first be good . int . corridor in frankenstein tower - continuous casanova instruct three security guard . casanova I want she alive . guard yes , Mr. frankenstein . camera pan up the top of a staircase ... where monica be crouch , listen . ext . street of champion CITY - night various shot as the herkimer rumble and smoke down Champion 's main street ( in first gear ) and the citizen step out of house and bar to watch this bizarre sight . on a little boy and he father - little boy daddy , what be that thing ? father I do not know , son . a couple of griz*le character stand in front of a bar . drunk a herkimer ? that yuppy will drive anything . inside the herkimer - continuous on furious and the other in the back . sphinx amigo , we need you . invisible boy just get mad ! furious close he eye and try , but it 's hopeless . int . v.i.p. lounge in frankenstein tower - continuous a sumptuous , hotel - like lounge . anabel be hold court with all of top crook from the luncheon , charming the pants off they ... casanova slither up behind she . casanova fellas , this be woman without whom I would have go sane . ( kiss she neck ) ext . front gate of the frankenstein CENTER - continuous a pair of security guard ( the same two who get gass by the spleen ) be on duty , when they see ... a strange look vehicle chugge up the hill straight for they . guard 1 what the hell be that ? guard 2 look like ... a Ford dumpster . they have a good laugh at it , then hold up they hand for it to stop ... but the herkimer just roll past they , hit the iron gate and snap they open as if they be make of match stick . guard hey ! they open fire . inside the herkimer - continuous bullet be hear pinging off the herk as through the windshield just ahead we see the long stairway head up to the front door of the art center . shoveler hang on ! ext . on the stair - continuous several more guard open fire , as the herkimer hit the stair and start bounce up they ... back at the lounge - on casanova check he watch . casanova it 's showtime . but then they all hear ... the sound of gunfire . tony p what 's that ? back on the stair - continuous as the herkimer chug and bounce ... toward the entrance of the center . inside the herkimer - continuous we heroes get bounce all over the place . int . just inside the CENTER - continuous as guard close and bolt the big wooden door to the art center . on a guard wear a headset . guard Mr. frankenstein , we be be attack . int . security desk - continuous casanova sit at a security console . anabel , tony p , and the top crook stand behind he , listen . casanova by whom ? voice of guard we do not know ! back on the stair - continuous as the herkimer climb to the top , then ram into the door with a thud . but the door hold . back on the villain - tony p they will never get through that door . back at the front door - continuous but the plucky little herkimer dig in its rear wheel and push against the door like the Little engine that could ... inside the herkimer - continuous as we heroes encourage the herk . shoveler come on , baby ! bowler do it , big boy ! on its wheel , grind , chew up the concrete ... just inside the CENTER - continuous as the herkimer come crunching through the big wooden door of the center , scatter the guard . back inside the herkimer - continuous we heroes cheer , pat the herk . shoveler Atta , girl ! bowler Atta , boy ! back to casanova - watching on a security monitor voice of guard Mr. frankenstein , they be in ! casanova well kill they . back in the hall - continuous the herkimer drive into the main hall of the center as a small army of security guard swarm in , gun blaze . back at the security desk - continuous casanova and the crook watch the security monitor ... inside the herkimer - continuous the bullet sound like hailstone bounce off the armor of the herk as we heroes grimly prepare themselves for battle ... the sphinx put on he mask ... the bowler unzip she bag ... Doc heller cock he air cannon ... spleen and invisible Boy load a bag with can tornado ... while mister furious watch anxiously . the shoveler drive intently , bullet splattering like bug on the windshield . shoveler where be I go ? raja ( point to a archway on the other side of the hall ) through there ! shoveler right . but suddenly something under the hood blow up ; the engine give a long groan , and the herkimer roll to a dead stop ... inside / outside the herikiner - continuous right in the middle , in the most expose position of the main hall . more guard arrive and open fire ... a armored golf cart with a fifty caliber machine gun mount on it come speed into the hall , blast the herk ... Inside , the sound of the big bullet be deafen as shoveler try to restart the engine . shoveler no good ! she 's dead ! on casanova and the crook , watch the monitor and laugh as bullet pulverize the herk . tony p spam in a can ! the crook laugh . butsuddenly , the herkimer 's door be throw open , revealing we heroes -- hold down Doc heller , he air cannon at the ready . he fire -- there be a whoomph of air -- and the mount gun and a dozen guard be send tumble ... security desk - continuous - on casanova and the other watch , sober . back in the MAIN hall - continuous as we heroes come charge out of the herkimer , use they various skill to blow through the surprised guard . Mr. furious come out last , not quite sure what to do with himself . but suddenly , a wither barrage of machine gun fire be be laid down on they by three guard fire tommy gun from a balcony overlook the floor . bullet splatter all around they -- and several unlucky guard be hit -- but we heroes dive for cover . the raja try to get off a fork , but the fire be too intense . we heroes be pin down . on mr. furious as he see ... the bag of can tornado . he 's get no superpower , and he 's scared to death , but he grab a can tornado . furious cover I ! shoveler with what ? bullet dance all around he , furious run a desperate ( but impressive ) zig - zag pattern across the floor ... he perform a wild somersault , come up on he foot , pop open the can , and execute a perfect jump shot , lobbing it right into the balcony . the tornado funnel out , and the guard be send fly . on casanova and the top crook watch ... elvis brother 1 who be that guy ? close on casanova , who know who they be . while back in the hall we heroes rally around a shake Mr. furious . raja not bad for a normal guy ! sphinx amigo ! all do or die ! ext . courtyard - a moment later - angle on the security eye watch ... as the panic security guard retreat under it into the main tower . back to casanova - as he type something into the security computer ... on the screen a computerize image of the eye appear . casanova highlight the word " activate " and then press " enter " . back to the courtyard - on the eye as it come to glow , sinister life ... a hapless guard retreat under the arch -- the Eye instantly focus on he , and he be hit by a dozen nasty look laser beam ... that sizzle he ... a moment later we heroes arrive at the arch . furious be about to run through , but Doc heller hold he back . heller wait ! look ! he point to ... a man shape pile of charcoal , all that remain of the unfortunate guard . heller laser eye ... and it 's a humdinger . raja no problem . the raja take out a butter knife , aim , and hurl it straight at the eye , but laser beam intercept the knife and instantly melt it into ... a formless blob of silver . back to casanova and the top crook - tony p we will take care of this clown . elvis brother 2 piece a cake . bone head leader no sweat . corridor - a moment later as tony p , the top crook , and the disco boy march en masse toward the camaera ... they be a ugly , formidable look bunch . ext . courtyard - continuous we heroes be block by the eye . shoveler Doc , there 's get to be a way . but the Doc be stymy ... suddenly they hear a woman 's voice call down to they . monica's voice it 's up here ! it 's up here ! furious ( look up ) monica ! ext . top of the frankenstein tower - continuous monica lean over the edge of the balcony , the wolf sculpture loom over she , shouting down at they . monica roy ! the psycho thing be --! but strong hand suddenly grab she . it 's casanova . back to furious - continuous as high above he hear monica scream . back to the balcony - continuous casanova , hand hold tightly across monica 's mouth , shout down tauntingly to furious . casanova thanks , Roy ! she 's just my type . you can have she back ... when I be do ! back t0 furious - continuous as he hear casanova 's evil laugh and monica 's scream . he be desperate to find a way up , but the wall be completely sheer . he feel helpless -- frantic , near tear ... flash to the terrify little boy trap in the back of he parent ' car , cry , pound on the window ... and then ... Mr. furious ' hand clench into fist -- he hair stand up -- and he face turn into a mask of primordial rage . his button have finally be press . be 's mad ! he reach up as high as he can ... close on he hand - as he finger literally dig into the concrete of the wall ... and he pull himself up . back at the top 0f the tower - continuous casanova throw monica onto the bed , put he hand on she throat and strangle she as she thrashes helplessly against he immense strength . back to furious - fifty foot up and climb . he pull himself up , one hand , then another , digging in he fingernails , catch he toe on whatever tiny crack he can find ... as the other gaze up at he . heller he will never make it . bowler think positive . meanwhile , invisible Boy stand stare at the security eye , a look of fierce determination on he face . this be he moment . invisible boy ( to himself ) I can do it . he take a deep breath , close he eye , and concentrate ... on furious as the finger of one hand lose they grip and a toehold give way ... for a desperate moment , furious be dangle off the wall by the tip of the finger of one hand . only he incredible rage keep he fingertip taut . suddenly , there be a flash of silver , and a large cake fork embed in the concrete not far from he head . furious grab hold of it , and throw a grateful look down to the raja ... who salaam up at he ... as invisible Boy , eye close in concentration , walk very slowly , hand at he side , in a almost egyptian pose ... toward the eye ... which stare down mercilessly , wait for its next victim ... we notice that invisible Boy have become ... just slightly transparent . at the top of the tower - continuous - on casanova a look of pleasure on he face as he strangle monica . her resistance fade . her hand fall away . she be pale , beautiful , almost go , a picture of exquisite death . casanova ( admire she ) some girl just know how to die . suddenly , we hear someone cursing casanova in Russian . he turn and see ... anabel stand there , pistol in hand . anabel you two timing psychotic bastard . casanova darling , you have get the wrong idea . anabel ( aim at he heart ) do I ? casanova I be only strangling she ... I have kill hundred of woman . it do not mean a thing . ( move toward she , turn on that old frankenstein charm ) pootchkie , you be over-react . this be we night . it 's what we have lie for ... cheat for ... murder for . she 's just a plaything , a trifle ... you be the only woman who 's ever mean anything to I . I adore you . I worship you . I want to make you my bride . she succumb to he charm , and he gently take the pistol out of she hand . casanova there 's just one thing ... ( with a psychotic smile ) I do not need you anymore . a look of terror come across she face as she see the murder in he eye . casanova do not worry , darling . I never hit a lady . ext . on the wall - a moment later - on furious still climb as he hear a scream , look up ... and see anabel go plummete past he . on our heroe down below . bowler head up ! camera hold on our heroe , wince as anabel hit with a ugly thud . suddenly they hear invisible Boy call to they . invisible boy guy , I do it ! I do it ! I be invisible ! they all turn and see ... invisible Boy , totally visible , but stand on the other side of the arch . invisible boy can you see I ? all yes ! invisible boy nut . shoveler kid , turn that thing off ! invisible Boy turn and see ... a computer screen build into the wall ( with the same image of the eye on it that be on casanova 's computer ) , but he do not have a clue how to turn it off . suddenly , he hear run foot , turn and see ... the top crook and the disco boy rush towards he through the giant sculpture . he get a idea ... and stand right in front of the computer screen . invisible boy hey ! creep ! he make a face at they -- and a dozen gun be instantly fire at he . he jump clear behind a pillar -- as the bullet smash into the wall ... one of they demolosh the computer screen . close on the eye - as it go dead . on invisible boy , hide behind the pillar ... realize he 's be shot in the shoulder . back on our heroe - shoveler this be it ! do or die ! the villain form a line , bristle with pistol ... as we heroes , lead by sphinx , shoveler , and bowler come run through the arch . the threesome go shoulder to shoulder ( with we other heroes right behind they ) as the villain open fire , lay down a deadly fusillade ... on shoveler , bowler , and sphinx , stand together , deflect they bullet with shovel , bowl ball , and machete ... ( as they practice with pebble at the farm ) ... with the raja right behind they , hurl silverware ... on the villain , rapid fire ... but they own bullet ricochet back into they , drop they ... they start to fall back . back to the top of the tower - continuous casanova be about to finish monica . casanova and the light go out ... furious ( o.s. ) frankenstein ! casanova turn and see ... furious , stand on the balcony . casanova Roy ... what take you so long ? furious start at casanova , who aim anabel 's pistol at he . furious hesitates . casanova let I guess ... bullet do not hurt you . furious they hurt ... but they don't stop I ! furious lunge at casanova -- who get off a shot before furious grab the gun out of he hand . casanova duck clear . furious toss the pistol away ... then realize he 's bleed from a shoulder wound . casanova smart , do not it ?... shall we dance ? he turn on he stereo and the sound of DISCO music fill the air ... intercut between the two fight - continuous downstair , the villain have regroupe . tony p let 's rush them ! they charge en mass at we heroes ... who be wait for they ... pinching they nose close , the spleen bent over at they forefront ... while casanova dance around furious like a cat ... furious , fight the pain of he bullet wound , lunge at he , and casanova neatly sidestep he ... the crook and disco boy fall back , gasp , choke in the noxious fume ... as casanova attack ... advance shoulder to shoulder , fight as a team , we heroes wield machete , fork , shovel , bowl ball , and can tornado ... force the villain back ... casanova come at furious relentlessly , kick and spin ... and furious get the worst of it . suddenly , a squad of disco boy come charge at we heroes from the flank ... but Doc heller turn to face they , shrinker spray hold rambo-style on he hip . he let they have it , blast they with a dense blue spray ... when the spray clear , the D boy lie squirming on the floor , prisoner in they now child size disco suit ... DISCO boy help !... get I out of this ! ( etc . ) upstair , casanova pummel furious ... while , downstairs , the shoveler dispatch the elvis Brothers with some nifty shovel work ... but suddenly , the bland boy , pistol blaze , be advance on he , force he back against the base of a sculpture . but the raja suddenly leap up onto the sculpture . raja ( o.s. ) gentlemen ! the bland boy look up and see ... the raja , both hand fill with silverware ... which he hurl ... a beat later the bland boy , bristle with fork and grapefruit spoon , run scream through the sculpture ... as tony p , pistol in hand , skulk out from behind a sculpture and spot ... the bowler . upstair , furious go fly against a wall ... casanova Roy , you be make this too easy . as tony p take a careful bead on the bowler . tony p say hello to daddy for I ! he open fire , but she go instantly into she ball swinging frenzy ... he fire , miss -- she 's too fast to keep a bead on ... finally , he gun click empty . she turn and face he . bowler ( grimly ) daddy say hello . she hurl the ball at he -- like a fiery softball pitch . ball Pov - go straight for tony p 's scream head ... on the bowler , watch -- as tony 's scream be cut short by a gruesome thud . back upstairs casanova come at furious again ... but furious duck the kick , pop back up and smashes casanova with he good arm ... send he fly across the room ... casanova recover . casanova let 's change the tune . he reach into he pocket and take out the remote device ( that anabel use at the luncheon ) . he press a button ... on the wolf sculpture as the jaw open , its eye glow red ... and the dreadful sound of the psychostridulator grind up and fill the night AIR like a siren . downstair , the foul noise fill the room and we heroes and the villain all go into a full blow psychotic episode ... the villain start shoot and stabbing each other . series of shot - around the CITY - continuous on Main Street car slam into each other . pedestrian start scream and fight ... a man and he dog snarl and snap at each other ... the customer at the lakeside diner go insane , hurl plate and food ... at the shoveler 's house the kid turn psycho in front of the television ... angle on a typical suburban neighborhood - as the sound of scream and smash dish and furniture can be hear come from all the house ... long angle of champion CITY - as a din of collective insanity rise up from the city ... back to the top of the tower - continuous - on casanova in full psychotic ecstasy ... casanova what a rush ! ( toss the remote off the balcony ) on monica , still motionless on the bed ... casanova and furious collide in the center of the room and grapple in a contest of psychotically enhance superhuman strength ... casanova get he hand around furious 's throat and crush it ... furious drop to he knee , and casanova think he 's get he . but furious , grimace with rage , look he right in the eye . furious ( raspy voice ) be ... that ... all you get ? furious grab casanova 's wrist ... and crush they . casanova howl with pain , lose he grip . furious slug he , again and again ... then he grab casanova by the belt , swing he around , and hurl he into the air ... casanova crash into the huge crystal chandelier -- there be a explosion of crystal and glass . furious avert he eye as cut glass rain down all around he ... then he look up and see ... casanova 's gold chain have hook onto a fixture of the chandelier . casanova kick and flail ... as he be hang by the neck on he own gold chain ... furious move to the wolf sculpture . be plunge he hand through its bronze case , and rip out the heart of the psychostridulator , a flash football size device that give off a unamplify , but higher pitch and more irritate sound ... furious hurl the device hard against the floor , and it smashes into a thousand piece ... close on one of the piece - in insect size device that give off a even higher pitch , even more disorient sound . this be the very nerve center of the psychostridulator ... furious lift he foot and crush it hard under he heel ... silence ... furious drop to he knee , wounded , exhaust ... he look up ... at casanova , who dangle lifelessly off the chandelier ... furious Nice dance with you . series of shot - various location - continuous as we other heroes return to they sense amidst the vanquish crook ... the traumatize remnant of whom run for it . thing also return to normal ... on the street ... at the lakeside diner ... and at the shoveler 's house ... back to the top of the tower - continuous furious move to the bed , where monica lie motionless and pale ... furious monica ... he touch she face , she eye open , and she look at he . monica you be beautiful when you be angry . he take she tenderly in he arm ... as the raja , the shoveler and the other rush into the room and see ... furious and monica embrace . ext . outside the frankenstein CENTER - a little later Police car and news van arrive ... as we heroes , batter , wounded , but victorious walk proudly down the long stair ... furious and monica hold each other up . wound invisible Boy have he arm around the spleen ... while policeman and news people run up the stair past they into the center , ignore they as always ... but this time we heroes could care less . they be superhero , and they do not give a damn who know it . int . the raja' house - night as the raja open the door and enter ... raja mama ! she be there , wait up for he . raja I be home . they embrace . int . shoveler' house - night - close on a tv screen Don stouffer be report . don few detail have emerge ... on the shoveler' kide , on the couch , still rattle by they psychotic episode , glue to the tv - don ( o.s. ) ... but the Dawn patrol get this exclusive interview with two of the suspect . on the tv - Dawn Wong interview the batter , handcuff elvis Brothers as they be lead away ... elvis brother 1 I do not know who that guy be -- but I never want to see them again . elvis brother 2 especially that big dude with the shovel ... elvis brother 1 ( near tear ) he be the worst ! on the kide ' collective reaction as they realize who it be ... and then they hear the front door open ... in the front hall the shoveler enter wearily ; he shoulder hurt , he back be kill he ... as he kid come run to he . kide dad !... dad !... you okay ?... you hurt ? shoveler ( shocked by this welcome ) I be okay -- I be all right . eddie JR . lean on I , dad . lenore I will hold you shovel , dad . they lead he back into the live room , and give he the prime spot on the couch . butch you want a soda , dad ? shoveler ( stunne ) okay . he run to get it as Eddie Jr. slide a footstool under he foot and Tracy put a pillow behind he back . roland , the little one , cuddle up next to he , put he arm around he . roland Nice work . dad . shoveler thanks , roland . roland you really be a superhero , be not you ? the shoveler nod . a few minute later ... the shoveler sit on the couch , foot up , soda in hand . the television be off . his kid all huddle around he , hang on he every word . shoveler and that 's when the engine blow up . kide whoa ... butch what do you do ? shoveler well ... on lucille as she come in and see ... she husband surround by he kid , a happy man at last . ext . lakeside diner - the next night - establishing int . the diner - continuous - on the spleen sit between the bowler and a bandage invisible Boy . the bowler have she arm chummily around the spleen 's shoulder . the spleen finally have real friend . Doc heller discuss the art of fork throw with the raja as the shoveler listen in . the sphinx sit at the end of the table , silent . doc heller so you be never actually conscious of range or trajectory ? raja heck no . I just chuck them . monica ( in she waitress outfit ) sit close to a bandage mister furious . on the tv - Dawn Wong report . dawn it 's be twenty - four hour since the deadly psycho-sonic attack and bloody shoot - out that leave casanova frankenstein and dozen of the city 's top hoodlum dead ... but tonight the question remain ... who be this heroic mystery man who save we city ?... on our heroe - bowler could have be anybody . they laugh . raja wait a minute ... that 's it . that 's we name . we be ... the mystery Men . they all like it , except for the bowler . bowler hey , do I look like a man ? shoveler well we can not call ourselves the mystery people . spleen ( sing , ala " macho man " ) mystery , mystery man ... I want to be a mystery man ... shoveler & raja shut up . bowler eat you mustard . furious it do not matter what we call ourselves . we know who we be . raja yes , obie-wan . invisible boy hey ... he 's go . the other see ... that the sphinx 's chair be empty . raja spot a crumpled napkin on the table , open it up , and read . raja " until you need I again ... adios . " a silence ... reaction from we heroes as they realize that the sphinx be go ... shoveler I miss he already . suddenly , somewhere in the night , a burst of gunfire and scream be hear . the final music begins ... furious amigo , duty call . the mystery Men wolf they burger , then stand and start for the street ... as monica watch they leave , a patron ask she : patron miss ... who be that guy ? monica ( after a moment ) I do not know . just outside the diner - a moment later heroic group shot as the mystery Men march down the middle of street , toward the sound of the gunfire ... and into the night . theme and credit ... the end