red planet screenplay by Chuck pfarrer and Jonathan lemkin story by Chuck pfarrer final shoot script December 15 , 1999 3a fade in : mar - various shot 1 starkly beautiful , operatic landscape . panoramas revealing the Red Planet 's arid , forbid feature : flat , rocky plain stretch to the horizon . Red dune of fine sand . ancient flood channel . abyssal canyon six mile deep . chantilas ( v.o . ) as we own planet reach a point where it may be uninhabitable in fifty year , we have begin the process of colonize Mars ... earth - from space 2 the familiar blue marble . only it 's not so blue anymore . more a sickly yellow - gray . ext . american cityscape - day ( 2050 ) 3 a brutal , pollute , malthusian nightmare . daylight so bright it hurt . the sulphurous , ozone - less sky cast a pall over street teeming with people , many wear respiratory device and sun-protective clothing . chantilas ( v.o. ) ... even as oxygen level drop dangerously on Earth , alga introduce on Mars have be create what we hope will one day be a oxygen supply capable of support human life ... ext . mar - various shot 3a more image depict 40 billion year of celestial evolution unchange by man : vast crater . icy , white polar cap . a immense volcano , the base of which ( though we have no reference for scale ) be large enough to cover Arizona . a bright yellow sun set in a pale gray - blue sky . chantilas ( v.o. ) «+ . complication be part of every endeavor , however . and recently , the oxygen on Mars begin to decline . in order to discover the reason -- 3b 3c oe int . apartment live room day ( 2050 ) 3b as a mother ready she young son for school , on a tv we see a closeup of Bud chantilas , 60 . chiron below he name be a title : " Chief Science Officer . " chantilas ( v.o . ) -- we be about to embark upon the most ambitious undertake in the history of human exploration : the first manned mission to Mars ... the mother hand she son a lunchbox and raincoat . slip a respirator over he mouth and nose . then kiss he and send he out the door . chantilas ( v.o . ) .-. I be honore to be among the six people -- on the tv we begin see image of five other people : four man and a woman , age thirty to forty . chantilas ( v.o. ) -- choose to become -- the mother cross to a window , where the harsh , undiffuse sunlight blast through open blind . chantilas ( v.o . ) -- Earth 's first voyager to another planet ... she snap the blind shut , plunging the room into welcome darkness ... a darkness which then become the deep black of ... ext . space 3c the endless universe . uncomprehend number of faraway galaxy and star system . a oceanic emptiness to object -seek human eye . which be why it 's a relief when we find ... omitted oe ext . mar -1 ( mission day : 182 ) - day 6 a spaceship unlike any we have see . thirteen sphere up front . the meve ( Mars entry vehicle ) , a large icosahedron behind . ( continued ) 6 a continued : 6 the whole thing slowly turn as it float ( at 17,000 mph ) silently through space . as the ship float by , reveal ... Mars . very large . very close . under which we hear : capcom ( v.o. ) Mars - 1 , Houston . you have acquire orbit . congratulation on 182 day of smooth sailing , and welcome to mars. Houston out . int . mar - 1 - access tube - day 6a Inside Mars -1 , robby gallagher , 40 , have he face turn to the daylight stream in through a porthole . sunglass . aloha shirt . catch ray . ( note : everyone communicate via comm - link headset ) gallagher we get a good parking space ? intercut with : int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day 7 navy Lt. Commander kate bowman , 30 , at the helm . calm and assure . Air Force Lieutenant ted santen , 30 , fly shotgun . fighter -jock intensity . chew gum . bowman respond to gallagher -- bowman right between phobos and deimo . gallagher ( think , then ) I like have one moon . that way you just call it ' the moon ' ... santen ( roll eye ) more color commentary from the janitor . gallagher Lieutenant santen , the correct term be mechanical system engineer . intercut with : 7a 7b 7c int . mar - 1 - lab - day 7a dr . chip pettengill , 30 , eager , pipe in from the mars-1 lab . pettengill but he will accept Space janitor . gallagher Space janitor first class , maybe . intercut with : int . common area - day 7b chantilas be sit with he eye close . he could be meditate or just rest . smile at the conversation in he headset . intercut with : int . lab - day 7c dr . quinn burchenal , 40 , self - center but good - nature , work in the lab with pettengill . burchenal to hell with the chit-chat . after six month , I be ready to get outta this hamster cage . what do you say , bowman ? pettengill yeah . how about it ? they be all chomping at the bit , and bowman know it . she pause . then -- bowman initiate all pre-launch system check , gentleman . we be eat dinner on Mars . in a series of cut , we see the crew 's individual reaction . six month of drill and boredom be about to become the real thing . gallagher be last . turn he face from the sunlight . gallagher finally . 7d te tf int . mar - 1 - medical sphere - day ( later ) 7d chantilas and santen attach microchip biosensor to they chest . santen 's still work on he chew gum . santen last football game in high school , all the college scout be there ... I know I have to go out and play four perfect quarter ... that game be my ticket out ... chantilas +. I play rugby to hit and get hit . santen 's still lose in he own thought . santen no room for mistake today , either . beat . chantilas see how key up santen be . by way of make a counterpoint to he nervous energy -- chantilas my granddaughter 's six today . santen yeah ? tell she ' happy birthday . ' chantilas sang it to she live ... as live as one can be with a twenty - minute transmission delay . beat . santen stop chew , momentarily calmer . santen --. she 's turn six , and she grandad 's take the first step on Mars ... chantilas nod . santen start work the gum again . santen Big day ... very big day ... ext . mar orbit te Mars - 1 pass through terminus , enter night . int . mar - 1 - access tube - night 7f chantilas walk . exit into a sphere . through 11 12 red planet - Rev. 11/10/99 6. omitted 8 through 11 int . mar - 1 - lab - night 12 chantilas and burchenal make a final inventory of scientific gear to be transport to Mars . chantilas hand over a piece of equipment . chantilas better give the soil analyzer one last calibration test . as burchenal begin do this -- burchenal get a nice speech plan for when you take that first step ? chantilas I have organize a few well - choose word . burchenal .-. armstrong 's line be good . tough to top that one . chantilas I be not always consume with be superior . it 's a friendly jab . they be comrade after six month . burchenal laugh it off . hand back the analyzer . burchenal it 's dead on . battery 's at max charge . ( then ) once you have have you big moment , we can start figure out why oxygen level take a nosedive up here . chantilas all of mankind 's rely on we to find a answer . ( as a punchline ) and I will be rely on you . burchenal ( beat ) if anyone can do it , it 's I . 12a int . mar - 1 - meve - night 12a six high -g seat be array inside the small descent pod . stencile - on name identify who will sit where . santen and pettengill check the meve 's onboard system as bowman finish pre-flighting the control at she command seat . santen 's still work he gum . santen Alpha Mach indicator . he snap off a switch in a wall panel . snap it back on . pettengill watch a readout , see a light flick from red to green . pettengill clear . bowman all set . I be go to the flight deck . start out . santen o.m.s./r.c.s. pettengill clear . ( as bowman pass ) I be still get my head around the fact we be really do this . bowman just keep it automatic . follow the routine . she go . santen optical alignment sight . pettengill clear . santen get half a million hit on my website yesterday ... how many you get ? pettengill .-. eight hundred thirty - two . santen find it funny . ( continued ) 12a 13 14 continued : omitted 12a santen inertial measurement unit . pettengill clear ... my public 's small , but it 's discriminate . they actually care about what we be do ... you fan be all teenybopper . santen and you know you would love have half of ‘em ... master timing unit . pettengill clear . santen that 's it . 13 int . mar -1 - meve / deck - night ( moment later ) 14 pettengill and santen emerge from meve . santen I will be on the flight deck with bowman . ( beat ; point at himself ) five hundred thousand . ( point at pettengill ) eight thirty -two . he laugh , give pettengill a slug in the arm . then head out , pass gallagher . snag gallagher 's aloha shirt , wad it and toss it back over he shoulder at he . re : santen , when he 's go -- pettengill life 's just like high school . gallagher ( agree ) it 's jock and we guy . ( go with it ) you watch my back , I '11 watch yours . ( then ) gimme a hand with amee . ( continued ) 14 continued : 14 as they cross to storage compartment and begin pull out a heavy , metal box -- pettengill who be you kid ? you be a jock . you be on the nascar circuit ... gallagher I tune engine . not exactly jock stuff . ( then ) ear be still ringing . as they lower the box , we see stencile on it : '' autonomous mapping Exploration and evasion " with the first letter of each word emphasize : amee . gallagher slide a spacesuit sleeve onto he arm . on the sleeve be a flexible screen . he activate it , and ... the metal " box " suddenly come to life . unfold like a swiss Army knife . extends four leg and a " head . " stands up on the two hind leg . as amee unfold , the screen on gallagher 's arm flick on . on it , we see whatever amee see in amee -vision ( basically a 180 + degree modify fish - eye panorama ) . gallagher whistle . amee whistle back . gallagher hey , sweetie . pettengill she we navigator or you girl friend ? gallagher hey , it 's be a long flight . ( check she system ) look good ... let 's check you t.i. he turn off the light . on the sleeve screen we see what amee see in the dark : a thermal image of gallagher and pettengill . pettengill throw some punch in she direction . amee do not move . pettengill military remove she old reflex before they transfer she , huh ? ( more ) ( continued ) 14 15 red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 10 . continued : ( 2 ) 14 pettengill ( cont 'd ) ( look amee over ) she 's you kind of woman . beat . gallagher switch something in amee 's circuitry . hand she a pen . gallagher gut he like a fish . in a flash , amee thrust she arm out at pettengill and whip it upward . a blur of movement ... but we see the result : there 's a line draw from pettengill 's navel to he sternum . pettengill shocked by the speed of the attack . look down at the ink mark run up he suit . gallagher that 's my kind of woman . pettengill Real goddamn funny .... she could have hurt I . gallagher do not make fun of my honey . they take away she knife , but underneath she 's all Green beret . gallagher fiddle with amee 's circuitry again . gallagher she 's back in navigator mode ... ( then ) okay , you be good to go . he whistle . amee whistle back . gallagher back in you box , sweetie . as she head and limb fold up once more ... ext . mar orbit 15 Dark side of Mars . Mars - 1 , a dull speck , move toward the horizon and light . we see a flash on the horizon 's edge . 16 17 18 19 11 . int . mar - 1 - flight deck - night 16 bowman and santen . bowman speak into she comm-link -- bowman we be approach the day side . meve launch in approximately two hour . ( to santen ) we will take a look at hab and the landing zone on this pass . ext . mar orbit 17 Mars -1 just clear Mars ' shadow . Light hit it , and ... int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day 18 wham . a panel light start to flicker red . at the same time , the flight deck window suddenly go black . more light flicker . some just go off . alarm start ringing . santen what the hell 's go on ? bowman quickly begin to reset state . some hold , some flip back to red . cabin lighting begin to flicker . bowman single event upset . all over the board . latch up . free flow ... we be gonna lose chip . shut it down ! santen shut it down ? bowman now ! everything ! sep , some kind of massive solar flare . santen 's shutting off every system he can get he hand on . she reach to finish it off herself . bowman «+. proton flux . multiple event upset ... int . mar - 1 - various shot - day 19 the light flicker , then go dark . emergency u.v. light panel flick on , casting a eerie glow inside the ship ... 20 21 red planet - Rev. 11/10/99 12 . int . mar -1 - flight deck - day 20 a radiation warning start shrieking . via comm-link , she voice calm but forceful -- bowman Radiation alert . safe area . go. ( to santen ) you , too . santen you need I here on the flight deck . bowman I want one of we in charge back there . santen hesitates , then unbuckle and go . int . / ext . mar - 1 - various shot - day 21 from different location , the crew hurry down access tube and converge in the meve elevator safe area . the ship begin to flex . creak and whine . the radiation alarm still shrieking . bowman and the man wait ... wait ... and then ... «+. a secondary wave of radiation hit . much more powerful than the first . rip through the ship at the speed of a bullet ... at 2000 fps we see : paint warping off wall !-- light implode ! -- electronics and circuitry be fry !-- the crew listen to the sound of Mars - 1 's structure weakening , beginning to come apart . and then zap ! it 's go . cook off past the now - motionless ship . Inside the safe area , the crew share a look . chantilas open the hatch . the man emerge to find ... alarm shrieking . circuitry popping and fizzling . u.v. panel glow bluish . 22 23 24 25 26 13 . int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day 22 via comm-link -- bowman santen ? intercut with : int . mar - 1 - access tube - day 23 santen respond via comm-link -- santen copy . we be okay , but the ship 's hit bad . bowman 's flick switch ... bowman -.. we be dead in the water ... I can not run damage assessment . she 's together now , but she might come apart at any moment . ( think , then ) Change of plan . we be launching now . suit up . int . mar - 1 - meve deck - day 24 the five man enter . move to they individually identify spacesuit . deflate the air-hanger hold they and pull they on . int . meve - continuous action - day ( moment later ) 25 the crew enter . as they start cinching themselves into they high -g seat . int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day ( moment later ) 26 bowman finish prepare to abandon ship . she 's about to go . reaches for a panel mark : " meve Launch release . " flick a toggle to " Arm . " the toggle will not hold , snap back to " disarm . " she try again . same result . the toggle will not stay on " Arm " unless bowman hold it there manually . it only take she a moment to decide what to do next . she 's not happy about it , but try not to let she concern show -- ( continued ) 26 27 red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 14 . continued : 26 bowman okay , listen up . meve 's not supplying power to the launch release system . I will be stay behind to arm it manually . intercut with : int . meve - day 27 the crew react to the bombshell from bowman . santen we be not leave you . bowman it 's not up for debate . gallagher we will fix the problem . bowman we do not know if the ship ' 1l hold together that long . I be not risk the mission ... santen , it 's you team now . hope you like the saddle ... lock it up . santen hesitates . have no choice ... he power up meve . seal the hatch . santen Crew secure ? as they respond , the look on they face say it all . they be not just leave she behind -- they know that by stay , bowman could very well be sacrifice she life . all secure . secure . secure . secure . santen we be green across the board . bowman on my signal . she put a finger on the toggle . then -- bowman get the job do . a lotta people be count on you . ( continued ) 27 28 29 30 31 31a 31b 15 . continued : 27 pettengill ( a aside ) I hope she make it . gallagher glance over at pettengill . bowman flick the toggle to ' Arm ' and hold it there . bowman Launch . another moment ... then santen slam two large button on either side of he , and ... ext . mar - 1 - day 28 explosive bolt blow . as this be space , and a vacuum , there 's no sound . int . meve - day 29 in here , however , it 's loud . the explosion reverberate . then another explosion , and ... ext . mar - 1 - day 30 meve be blow free . again , oddly silent . small maneuver motor burn for a moment , nudging meve out of orbit toward Mars . int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day 31 bowman 's alone , but she 's get no time to worry about it . there be still free-flow all over the board . bowman can not get they to shut down . they flicker , pop on and off . system start and shut down and start up again all over the ship . when suddenly ... ext . mar - 1 - day 31a the ship stop spin . int . flight deck - day 31b artificial gravity be lose . bowman be jolted by the sudden stop and begin tumble in zero -g along with everything else not lash down . 32 33 34 35 36 37 16 . int . mar - 1 - sphere six - day a control panel on the wall . we hear a clicking . inside panel the switch sputter on / off . it fail , arc . smoke begin to wisp out . int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day a red light come on . a alarm sound . bowman turn . smoke warning in sphere six . int . meve - day descend . santen 's throw switch madly . ( note : throughout meve 's descent , a computer voice announce various onboard system failure . ) santen auto-guidance system 's out . flare must have cook a chip . pettengill I think meve be shield . santen complain later ... I be go to manual flight . int . mar - 1 - various shot - day bowman propel herself down access tube to ... int . mar - 1 - sphere six - day bowman frees a fire extinguisher . move to the smoking panel . yank off the cover . aim the extinguisher . triggers it . and -- -- be hurl across the room by the force . smash into the far bulkhead ... for a moment , though , it look like she 's succeed . then smoke begin to wisp out again . she propel herself over , anchor she foot and jam the nozzle into the panel . empty the extinguisher . this time it seem she 's prevaile . and then , in a gentle digital v.o. Mars - 1 's p.a . -- annunciator ( v.o. ) Fire , sphere five . Fire , sphere three . smoke , sphere eight . 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 17 . ext . mar atmosphere - day 38 meve drop toward the planet at high velocity . spark fly off as the head shield cook away . int . meve - day 39 the high -g couch do what they can as the craft brake from 17,000 to 800 mph . santen try to keep he eye focus on the gauge . gallagher 's make a noise . humming a song behind clench tooth . indistinct . almost a groan . a groan that sound a little like " here it come , here it come ... " ext . mar - day 40 meve can not be see , but a huge plasma trail can . there 's a thunderous crack as the SHOCK wave reach the surface . int . meve - day 41 800 mph . 35,000 foot . the needle pass a red mark . nothing happen . as they continue to plummet , santen reach over and with great effort , find and pull a manual release lever . we hear explosive bolt FIRE . ext . meve - day 42 the top panel blows off . a drogue chute stream out . and then main canopy whop open . int . meve - day 43 the sudden deceleration pin they . eyelid flutter , pupil roll back . they be at the edge of consciousness . omitted 44 int . mar - 1 - meve deck - day 45 more smoke . bowman 's choke on it as she enter . she crack a glowpanel for extra light , then move to the remain spacesuit -- hers -- deflate the hanger that 's hold it , and haul it on . yank the hood over she face and secure it , whereupon air begin feed into the suit ... bowman gulp it , relief for she searing lung . 46 47 48 49 18 . int . meve - day 46 still descend under the chute . santen regards a radar screen show the martian topography below they . santen we be off -target . terrain 's crappy . chantilas find a new landing zone . santen no time . deploy bag . he smashes a button , and ... ext . meve - day 47 .-. blam , blam , blam ... AIR bag the size of land cruiser pop out of the icosahedronal side of meve , surround the entire outside of the craft . int . mar - 1 - meve deck - day 48 the fire breach the hatch to the access tube . bowman 's hurl across the room by the effect of the fire . beat . her eye go to something . she launch herself towards a safety tether attach to a wall . clip on . reaches for a control panel mark " MAIN hatch " and throw it open . and ... .-. instantly , bowman 's suck toward the hatch , until -- -- whap ! the tether snap taut . almost break she in half . bowman a ragdoll on the end of the line . every loose object on the ship start to purge past she . smack into she . bounce off she . the fire purging , too . stream around she body and head , nearly cooking she alive as it vent into space . int . mar - 1 - various shot - day 49 everything that 's not lash down be suck toward the Main hatch ... and then , as pressure equalize with the vacuum of space , the stream of flotsam slow and stop flow ... the fire subside and die . the ship be still and dead . 49 k 50 51 52 53 54 19 . int . mar - 1 - meve deck - day 49 k the alarm cease . with the pressure equalize , bowman 's no longer be thrash and pummele at the end of the tether . she haul herself to the control . shut the hatch ... the immediate danger 's over . and bowman finally allow herself a moment to be terrify . ext . mar surface - day 50 meve crush down on the uneven terrain . bounce . again and again . rebound , roll , tumble ... int . meve - day 51 a carnival ride from hell . ext . mar surface - day 52 a jag outcropping . meve hit it . Air bag tear open . int . meve - day 53 the ride 's now worse . there 's no cushion on one side . chantilas be directly over the unprotect area . he take the brunt of each impact . a horrible jolt rip loose chantilas 's g-seat . he 's batter and roll as meve continue to tumble . he 's a threat to all of they as he bashes about with each rotation . he take a monstrous beat . ext . mar surface - day 54 meve slowly grind to a halt . the bag that be not in shred begin to deflate . the icosahedron unfold . open like a flower ... and then silence . utter quiet that seem to last forever . when ... ... the hatch blow . a figure step out . gallagher . a moment later , chantilas be pass through the hatch . he 's unconscious . gallagher drag he a short distance away as one - by-one , santen , pettengill and burchenal emerge . shaken but intact . to burchenal and pettengill -- santen everyone else okay ? pettengill yeah . ( continued ) 54 20 . continued : 54 burchenal 's look at Mars , too distract to answer . santen join gallagher , kneel over chantilas . santen how about you ? gallagher bang - up knee . I will be fine . ( have : chantilas ) he 's come around . chantilas 's eye slowly open . burchenal and pettengill join they . santen I do not feel any break bone . ( to chantilas ) we be here . everyone make it . pettengill ( a accusatory glance at santen ) barely . santen how do you feel ? chantilas like someone 's punch bag . ( then ) the first one on Mars ... could not have be I ... who be it ? no one have think about it . santen «+. gallagher . chantilas ( to gallagher ) congratulation . gallagher ( beat ) that 's one small crash for man , one giant pile - up for mankind . chantilas and burchenal smile . for pettengill , it 's no laugh matter . and the joke make santen uncomfortable . santen let 's check the gear . 55 21 . ext . mar surface - day ( later ) 55 chantilas be propped against a rock , move a device the size of a paperback book across he abdomen . it 's a kind of combination x- ray / sonogram . he do not like what he see . click it off without show anyone . nearby , santen finish do something with he hhc ( book-size , 2050 descendant of a laptop ) . santen distress signal 's away . gallagher emerge from meve . gallagher Radio 's dead . amee 's screw up ... repair be gonna take time . burchenal and pettengill have be look through a pile of break equipment . Exchange a glum look . then -- burchenal Science package be k.o.e , too . santen shit. pettengill no more mission . santen Mission 's not over yet , pettengill . pettengill oh , really . you miss something ? we lose the science gear . we can not do what we come here to do . santen quit whining . pettengill you be the one who park we in the rock , ace ! santen shut the hell up ! there be always risk . chantilas ( cut in ) and right now , locating hab be what matter . ( continued ) 55 22 . continued : 55 santen and pettengill glare at each other a moment longer . then , put he command hat back on -- santen I think we be somewhere down range . santen turn he attention to he hhc . begins call up data . insert - hhc hab info whizze past : schematics , a 360 degree pan from the landing site , topo map of Mars ... santen zoom in on the map to show where hab 's deploy . santen base on the last uncorrupt nav state , I would say ... we be in this 60x120 kilometer ellipse . beat . that 's big . that suck . and burchenal 's vast intelligence can not accept it . re : he hhc -- burchenal all the mission data 's in here . we just gotta close in on the downrange variable . tighten up the ellipse . it 's about the math . gallagher this be it . that moment they tell we about in high school , where one day we would use algebra , and it would save we life ... they be already work on it . burchenal shut up . gallagher Heard that a lot in high school , too . gallagher wander off . in b.g. , we hear the other discuss drag coefficient and whatnot . gallagher stare out at the martian plain . it would be kinda cool -- except he could die out here . he yank he hhc out of the pocket on he thigh . mutter something . the hab detail appear . ( continued ) 55 red planet - Rev. 11/10/99 23 . continued : ( 2 ) 55 gallagher stare at the topo map . then the 360 degree panorama . something about it strike he . he look at it some more . look up . look around . gallagher hey , guy ? santen what , gallagher ? gallagher I do not think it 's about the math , I think it 's about the picture . santen what picture ? gallagher this one . he hold out the hhc . they walk over , look at the panorama on the display . santen we be not in that picture . if we be , we would know where hab be , we be try to figure that out . gallagher ignore he . toss a rock in the sand . wrap the panorama around it . as he do , the hhc screen bend and turn translucent . gallagher say that 's hab . about 30 degree in the distance , it see this mountain with the funny top . at about 180 degree , it see this set of twin peak . ( indicate ) now , I see this mountain over there . and this peak over there . and then this other peak maybe . which would put we on a line , say here . which leave the angle to hab about there . beat . chantilas Space janitor first class gallagher , good job . santen feed it into he hhc . ( continued ) 24 . 55 continued : ( 3 ) 55 santen it 's about a eight - hour walk . pettengill ( check he readout ) we only have seven and a half hour of air . santen let 's get move . they fall in behind santen . as they approach chantilas , still sit by the rock !-- santen we will leave the equipment and salvage it later . ( to chantilas ) we gotta go . you ready , sir ? chantilas unfortunately , I be stay here . gallagher what be you talk about ? chantilas my spleen 's rupture . there 's significant internal bleed . I would not get very far . burchenal we will carry you . santen there 's emergency medical gear at hab . we will lock out the spine impulse . if it 's more serious , we will do remote surgery with the doctor back home . chantilas carry I will slow you down just enough to deplete everyone 's oxygen . I will not let you jeopardize you life , too . pettengill we can not just leave you . chantilas you can and you will . ( continued ) 25 . 55 continued : ( 4 ) 55 gallagher I be not gonna let you die here . chantilas what we come here to do be more important . gallagher ( appeal ) santen ... pettengill look at santen , wait to see how he will respond . but santen do not say anything . chantilas he have to say no . ( then ) the four of you must carry on the mission . it will not be easy . ( then ) get go . the four man look down at he a moment . santen you hear the man . santen start off . burchenal and pettengill ad lib they good - by , then follow santen . gallagher be last . he 's unable to go . chantilas meet he eye . chantilas it 's okay . I get to see Mars ... beat . chantilas stick out he hand . gallagher hesitates , then take it . the two man grip hand . chantilas release he . it 's time to go . gallagher turn , begin walk away . after a moment , chantilas call after he . chantilas keep look for that rock . gallagher turn back and salute he . then continue on . chantilas watch he a beat , then take a deep breath ... his eye go to a stone lie in the dust . with he finger , chantilas trace a line in the dust around the stone . as he begin to trace another ... 56 omitted 56 57 red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 26 . flashback - int . mar - 1 - kitchen - day ( three 57 month earlier ) close on a hand stir coffee in a cup . pull back to reveal it 's chantilas do the stir . under which we hear -- pettengill ( 0.s. ) .-. it 's not there . yesterday , I could see it . today , I could not find it . include gallagher , santen and pettengill do various thing nearby . to pettengill -- santen what , you think Earth vanish ? it 's go forever ? pettengill I be just say it 's weird not be able to see it . santen okay , it 's weird . get use to it . santen go . pettengill look at chantilas and gallagher . pettengill it 's not something I expect , that 's all . chantilas ( beat ) «+ . do you like bacon , pettengill ? pettengill ( take aback ) «-- sure ... chantilas I , too . but we do not have any . ( crossing to he ) when I want some , what I do be , I imagine I be sit down to breakfast in the restaurant in a five - star hotel , and a waiter 's lift the cover off a sizzling plate of bacon ... and I can taste the bacon ... I can taste it right now . can you ? ( continued ) 27 . 57 continued : 57 pettengill ( sell ) .-. yeah . chantilas okay . ( then ) now , do that with Earth . ( beat ) make sense ? pettengill ( grin ) make I hungry . chantilas I , too . chantilas lay a hand on he shoulder . beat . then pettengill go , acknowledge gallagher on the way out . when he 's go -- chantilas some people be not at home among the star ... gallagher .-+. I be probably more at home here than anywhere else . chantilas ( beat ) up for a little walk ? gallagher ( shrug ) sure . chantilas let 's take a couple lap around the campus . and they head out . 58 flashback - int . mar - 1 - various shot - continuous 58 action - day gallagher and chantilas walk through the ship ... ( continued ) 58 continued : 28 . 58 gallagher my grandfather teach I to sail when I be a kid ... he make I learn the star in case all the g.p.s. satellite fall out of the sky at once . Said anyone who put he life in the hand of anything run by battery be a jackass . chantilas ... a real yankee . gallagher he do not like easy answer or quick fix . would not own anything he could not repair himself ... he would not have approve of this . chantilas go to Mars ? gallagher he would say we be ask for more trouble . chantilas -+. say we do not try . we just finish poisoning the Earth , and everyone be dead in a hundred year . then what be the point of any of it ? Music , art , beauty , love . all go . the Greeks , Gandhi , the constitution , people die for freedom and idea ... none of it mean anything ? what about religion . do we give up on God , too ? gallagher ( beat ; smile ) you do just quit be a scientist one day , huh ? chantilas my wife 's death be violent , senseless . the world I know be shattered . Science could not offer a way of understanding it . so I turn to philosophy . be search for God ever since . ( continued ) 58 59 60 61 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 58 gallagher you find he , you gonna pick a fight with he ? chantilas no . but we be gonna have a long talk , and he will have some explain to do . gallagher ( beat ) that 's why you be here , be not it ? to continue the search . chantilas -+. I would not be on this mission if my wife have not die in a plane crash ... you could say it 's partly a spiritual journey , yes . the way out of the abyss she death open up ... who know ? I might find the answer to it all up there . gallagher something that will prove God exist ? chantilas ( smile ) maybe I will pick up a rock and it will say so on the bottom . ' make by god. ' ( beat , then ) the Universe be full of surprise . gallagher that would be a big one . end of flashback . closeup - rock 59 lie in the martian dust . chantilas 's finger have draw in the dust a series of line that flow gracefully around the rock -- a miniature Zen garden . the hand that draw the line be draw no more . chantilas be dead . omitted 60 int . mar - 1 - maintenance level - night 61 pitch black except for glow panel bowman 's stick around the room . she crack another one on . ( continued ) 61 62 63 red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 30 . continued : 61 she 's jumpere the circuit . have multimeter velcroed all over the place . try to reboot the entire ship . check she load , balance one more jumper , throw a breaker . the ship groans , flicker to life , die . she check a meter , change a jumper . bowman I be not take ' no ' for a answer , you get that ? do it . she try again . this time the ship groans , flicker to life and stays on - line . system begin to come alive around she . panel light up , turn from green to red . light start to come on . artificial gravity return . bowman can stand again . bowman thanks for listen ... she move to a set of valve . open they . AIR hiss in from a emergency supply . she check a meter , check again to be sure . then fold back the helmet of she suit . breathes . omitted 62 int . mar - 1 - flight deck - night 63 bowman try to bring the rest of the ship back to life . half a dozen system be just plain dead and have to be lock out . thing be not good . bowman gimme communication ... c'mon , I need com ... you do not want to gimme com ? then gimme eye . Light 's beginning to come up outside . moment away from enter the day side of Mars . she open a panel mark " obs " and throw a series of switch . it work . bowman okay , let 's find the boy . on a large viewscreen , bowman can now scan the surface to about one meter resolution . she search a spot . bowman here 's the l.z . why be not you there ? ( continued ) 63 64 65 65 a red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 31 . continued : 63 she pick up a glint off something elsewhere . Zoom in ... at first , there 's nothing but the crash meve in profile . ( like a spy satellite , we be at a extreme angle , slowly revealing more as mar - 1 grow less oblique and track overhead . ) then the severity of the damage become clear . a body lie near the wreckage . there be no other sign of life . bowman «+. shit ... off bowman , as the horrible reality sink in ... omitted 64 ext . meve crash site ( mar ) - amee - vision - day 65 emerging from meve . looking around . see chantilas . moving toward he and stopping . end amee -vision . back to scene we now see amee stand over chantilas , look down at he . then still more servos whine , and we begin to hear a high - pitch whirring sound from within amee . and then suddenly ... -+. a section of amee 's " body " suddenly launch . fly a scream loop around the site , then zip off . as she drine disappear , amee begin follow it . out across Mars . like a dog seek its master . ext . martian plain - wide - day 65a a landscape so huge , it 's hard to comprehend . five tiny figure progress across the enormous expanse . ( continued ) 65 a 32 . continued : 65a closer angle santen 's in the lead . then burchenal , pettengill and gallagher . santen pull away he hhc . santen we be make good time . should reach hab soon . beat . then -- pettengill it 's weird . there 's nothing here . gallagher it 's Mars . pettengill no , I mean there be not one sign of the alga we send up here ... even if it all die , there should be something . a dry algal mat , trace on lee side , something . burchenal he 's right . they be not just dead , they be go . like they be scour off . gallagher maybe there be never anything in this valley . pettengill if we be where we think we be , this area be cover with blue alga as recently as a month ago . Valley before this one should have be blaze with orange- red chloroflectic . burchenal at least we know what happen to the oxygen . there be nothing here to make it . santen talk 's just suck up air . let 's move out . that quiet everybody . they walk on a while ... when gallagher stop . look down . at a rock near he foot . beat . what the hell . he reach for it . pick it up . check the bottom . toss it aside -- ( continued ) 65 a 66 67 33 . continued : ( 2 ) 65 a gallagher sorry , Bud . as gallagher plod on ... ext . martian plain - day ( later ) 66 santen , pettengill , burchenal and gallagher continue trudging along . santen stop . santen there it be . the other catch up to he . there Pov not far in the distance , sunlight glint off hab 's solar panel . the bright reflection tell we it 's there but hide we see hab itself . angle back burchenal we make it ... santen twenty -six month of food , water and air . they begin run . another angle they keep run ... until santen first begin to slow . and then the second and the third . it 's not from exhaustion . it 's from horror . another angle 67 hab be in tatter . roof go , wall go . nothing but the titanium rib remain stand . gallagher what the hell happen ? they walk into what 's leave of the structure . ( continued ) 67 34 . continued : 67 pettengill do a ice-storm do this ? santen ( shake head " no " ) every hab stand up under a f5 in tornado alley . ( then ) start look for 02 . they spread out , digging through the wreckage desperately . then -- burchenal I do not see anything . pettengill I , either . gallagher ( end he search ) .--. no food , no water , no air ... santen 's find nothing as well . beat . pettengill what be we gonna do ? burchenal there 's nothing we can do . we be outta time . beat . santen look at the other . santen we be outta time when we be outta air . another beat . then santen walk off . ever the stoic warrior . the other watch he go . burchenal check he readout . burchenal eleven minute . ( to gallagher ) how much you get leave ? gallagher a little less . burchenal ( beat ) this be some final entry for the bio , huh ?... ' disappointed twelve billion people 's ... red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 35 . 68 int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day 68 bowman work to get the radio operate . bowman Red light ... red light ... red light ... do not you do this to I and my team . I need com now ... gimme a goddamn red light ! a red light come on . bowman see ? all you need be a attitude check . into the mike -- bowman Mars ground crew , this be Mars - 1 . Mars ground crew , this be Mars - over . she wait . nothing . bowman Mars ground crew , this be Mars - 1 . do you copy ? over . still nothing . beat . then -- bowman Houston , this be Mars - 1 . we have experience a massive proton field upset sequel to a solar flare . Mars - 1 system at below 70 percent . orbital path degrade by fire - control air purge . engine function zero -- meve launch with crew of five . I have visual on a crash site , one person down . Radio contact zero ... Houston , visual confirm hab - 1 be tango - uniform . even if the rest of the team 's alive , they have no way to survive ... ( beat , then ) sorry ... ( beat , then ) I be upload telemetry and video data to you now . 68a int . mar - 1 - various shot - day 68a bowman walk through the quiet , dead ship . ( continued ) 68a 68b red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 35a . continued : 68a feet crunching across broken glass . every room a mess . she 's alone . maybe forever . look for face she know be not there . she walk into the hygiene sphere . look at herself in the mirror . flashback - int . mar - 1 - hygiene sphere - day 68b ( two month earlier ) a hatch open . santen and bowman enter from the gym . sweaty from work out . a natural camaraderie exist between they . bowman you be talk to a class of second - grader from Iowa at 1430 . santen it 's you turn to do the kiddie . bowman do not even try . you be up , and you know it . besides , I outrank you . I could order you to do it . santen .+. just ' cause they promote faster in the navy ... ( continued ) 68b 69 36 . continued : 68b bowman you gotta promote faster when you have the best people ... 1430 . with a smile on you face . santen pull rank on I for the shower , too ? bowman not rank , gender . lady first . flashback - int . mar - 1 - hygiene sphere - day 69 ( two month earlier ) gallagher come in . his timing , depend on how you look at it , be very good or very bad . bowman step out of the shower . reaching for a towel . too late for gallagher to retreat . bowman Hand it to I ? oh . the towel . gallagher pass it over . bowman calmly wrap up . bowman just pretend I be you sister . gallagher I have two . and neither one 's this fine . bowman ( a pause ) the only way this work be if we both believe it do not matter . gallagher «+. like you could be burchenal . bowman well , maybe it could matter a little more than that . gallagher okay . so let 's practice . you go back in the shower and step out naked , and this time , I will not make it matter too much . ( continued ) 69 70 71 red planet - Rev. 11/10/99 37 . continued : 69 bowman ( beat ; smile ) go fix something , gallagher . gallagher yessir , mar 'am . gallagher head out . off bowman , turn to face the mirror and look herself over ... end of flashback . ext . hab ( mar ) - day 70 gallagher 's sit as before . think . gallagher wonder if bowman make it . burchenal sit nearby . thinks about it . burchenal I have a thing for she from day one . gallagher just look over at he . beat . then -- gallagher you think we be choose ' cause we be single ? in case we die ? burchenal I know I be choose ' cause I get the only macgregor Prize in bio - engineering . only burchenal . who check he readout . beat . burchenal short time to live , but a long time to wait ... ext . mar surface - day 71 santen stand on the edge of a abyssal canyon mile deep and wide . it 's a glorious view . feet crunch up behind he . pettengill . he fall in next to santen . after a beat -- pettengill I be go to get engage when we get back . ( continued ) 71 red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 38 . continued : 71 santen ( beat ) I be gonna miss a lotta girl . and a lotta girl be gonna miss I . a long beat . then , almost as if he know what pettengill 's think -- santen my fly ability be not a issue now . with hab destroy , it make no difference where we land . pettengill ( beat ; disbelief ) you be out here calculate excuse ... santen there 's nothing to excuse . it 's moot . no impact . pettengill what about Bud chantilas ? santen moot . he would have die here anyway . same as we . pettengill «+. you be amazing . you life 's about to end , and you still can not admit you fail at something . santen ( beat ) I can come across as a hardass . I know that . but , technically , I do not fail . pettengill ( beat ; stunne ) I come here to forgive you . santen yeah , well , screw you . I do not need forgiveness from pussy . pettengill stare at he . hating he . his face contort with hate . and lash out . do something next that santen be not expect ... he shove he . ( continued ) 71 39 . continued : ( 2 ) 71 hard . past the edge of the cliff . santen 's eye be wide with shock , but he training , he athletic ability be already kick in . the shove upset he balance and every part of he fight to regain it . it happen for a instant . arm flail , heel dig . he reach back . catch pettengill 's suit , backhand . spin himself around . still off balance . still go over the edge if he let go . reaching out toward pettengill with the other hand ... and pettengill 's follow he own twisted instinct now , too . with the shove , he 's cross a emotional threshold , and he 's not pull back . fights santen 's hand . knock they away . only to find that each time they shoot right back and find a new spot to grab . santen 's desperate , claw . in Earth 's gravity , maybe he would have go over already . but here , now ... he fight he way back onto he own foot . away from the cliff edge . Wild with a adrenalize survival energy that now turn to absolute fury . pettengill 's no match for it . santen unleash body blow and head butt . Savage enough to make a hairline crack in santen 's own visor . even in the suit and helmet , the blow hurt . he slam pettengill into the dirt . punish he as they roll in the red dust ... but santen begin to slow . his breath have be grow labor . he 's now gasp for air . stop . dart a look at he readout . still have some air . but the exertion have be too much . the suit 's deplete supply can not feed he what he need fast enough . he let go of pettengill . hypoxia overcome he . crawl away on hand and knee . willing himself to move . as if by do so he will keep death at bay that much longer ... and now pettengill get up and come over . enrage . and ... .-. drive he foot down on santen 's head . slam it into the ground . stun santen . then stomp he again . santen 's visor spider - webbed by the crush blow . his blood spattering against the inside of the crack glass . like a windshield in a car accident . a fatal one . pettengill stare down at santen 's head . ( continued ) 71 72 red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 40 . continued : ( 3 ) 71 pettengill I want to forgive you . beat . he stand . then kick santen 's body over the edge of the cliff . watch it fall . it fall a long time . ext . hab ( mar ) - day 72 burchenal 's think aloud . the dedicated scientist who can not stop work through all the step again ... burchenal .+. Mars ' polar ice be mostly c02 . we use low - order nuclear detonation to melt the ice . that release co2 . co2 buildup create a greenhouse effect . Mars start warming up . when it 's hot enough , we seed down some alga . the alga grow and emit oxygen . ( then , to gallagher ) want I to shut up and let you die quietly ? gallagher Nah , keep talk . it 's kinda peaceful . burchenal ( beat ) they send we here to figure out what happen to the oxygen . question now be , what happen to the alga ? pettengill walk into view around the remain of hab . stop near they . pettengill santen 's dead . they stare at he . he 's dirty and batter . pettengill he be almost out of air ... Said he could not die like that . want to end it like a samurai ... jumped off the cliff ... gallagher and burchenal exchange a look . then gallagher check he readout . ( continued ) red planet - Rev. 11/10/99 41 . 72 continued : 72 gallagher I be under a minute . what 's it gonna be like ? burchenal hypoxia ? dizziness . skin'1ll tingle . vision narrow . then anoxia . shock , convulsion , acidosis ... gallagher gonna hurt ? burchenal yeah . suddenly , a warning tone go off on gallagher 's readout . it get slightly harder to breathe ... then harder still ... gallagher start to gasp . Falls to he knee . burchenal and pettengill barely able to watch . know they be next ... gallagher down on all four now , suck hard on the last of he air ... when suddenly all he fear and anger and frustration peak , and in a act of desperation and defiance , he unfasten he helmet . pushes back the gelatinous visor . and shout ... gallagher fuck this planet ! a scream against the void . against death . the final word drag out to the very last bit of air in he lung ... burchenal look away ... the word fade ... drop to nothing ... no air leave to make a sound ... the next inhale will bring no relief . but it can not be stop . it 's reflexive . involuntary ... gallagher shudder , hold back . until he can not any longer ... and he lung contract . suck in the worthless martian atmosphere ... and ... something unexpected occur ... gallagher 's still on he foot . no shock , convulsion and acidosis ... he exhales . inhale again ... then -- gallagher I be breathe . he turn to burchenal and pettengill , who be watch in amazement . gallagher it 's like be at high altitude ... but I be breathe it !... we can breathe this air ! ( continued ) 72 73 red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 42. continued : ( 2 ) 72 beat . burchenal decide not to wait for he alarm . fold back he helmet . hesitates . breathes ... break into a grin . burchenal I do not know what 's go on . but I will sure as hell take it . pettengill 's alarm go off . beat . much more tentatively , he fold back he helmet and breathes , too . not rejoice like the other . pettengill .-. it 's not possible ... beat . the enormity of what he 's do hit pettengill . pettengill I think we would be dead ... burchenal ( beat ) if only santen would wait a few more minute ... off pettengill , grapple with he conscience -- int . mar -1 - kitchen / common area - day 73 bowman 's get water ... when she 's startle by the sudden sound of a voice over the portable radio -- capcom ( v.o. ) Mars - 1 , this be Houston . we get you message . look like we get a world of trouble here , and you be carry the load ... we send you a beacon as soon as we find out about that solar flare , but the flare beat we to you ... Analysis of you telemetry indicate Mars -1 orbital failure in thirty - one hour . good news be we will have out of there by then ... we believe we can restore engine function for a main engine burn and exit from Mars orbit ... the ground crew be presume end of Mission . they die try to do they job . now , it 's we job to help you get home ... we be upload to you now . ( more ) ( continued ) red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 42a. 73 continued : 73 capcom ( v.o.cont 'd ) ( then ) there 's no sorry . the prayer of the whole world be with you . and on a personal note , you do a helluva job hold that ship together ... Houston out . off bowman -- 74 omitted 74 75 43 . ext . hab ( mar ) - day 75 the sun hang low in the sky . burchenal and pettengill make a pile of scrap from what 's leave of hab . to pettengill -- burchenal terraform get even close to create breathable air up here ? pettengill 's distract , still struggle with he conscience . pettengill no . burchenal and the oxygen level be already drop when the sensor all die ... so how can there be more 02 now than ever and no alga to make it ? suddenly , the drone hum by overhead and circle they . pettengill amee 's drine . burchenal how would that thing find we ? gallagher Homes in on I . transmitter in my suit ... amee must be come . the drine can not fly by itself . gallagher yank something out of the wreckage . hold up tangle of wire and chew - up circuit . gallagher here 's the radio ... so much for try to reach bowman . he junk it . beat . burchenal wait a second ... burchenal pull out he hhc . burchenal I see something here when we be try to locate hab ... that little rover . the one they send up here back in ' 97 ... it must have have a radio , right ? ( continued ) 75 76 77 red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 44 , continued : 75 gallagher yeah . burchenal finish punch data . burchenal it 's four kilometer from here . beat . they hope be momentarily renew . gallagher regards the sun , just start to dip . gallagher can not go now . gonna be too dark and too cold . burchenal we will go at first light . int . mar - 1 - flight deck - night 76 bowman flick switch , resetting system in different combination try to wake up the engine ignition system . the indicator 's red . bowman want green . she kick the console . still red . she get on the radio -- bowman Houston , Mars - 1 ... no joy on all scenario for engine ignition ... that include give the console a boot . what 's next ?... out . ( beat ; to herself ) gallagher , where be you when I need you ? ext . hab ( mar ) - night 77 use a small torch , gallagher finish lighting the pile of scrap on fire , then stand back . gallagher hab cost a billion dollar . at least it 's good for something . we hear amee 's drone in the dark overhead . the man warm themselves by the campfire . pettengill if the rover 's radio work , we can tell bowman there 's breathable air here ... but it 's not gonna help we , be it ? it 's a question better leave unask . ( continued ) 77 45 . continued : 77 burchenal they teach we always to keep a positive mental attitude . let 's focus on that . gallagher that 's what chantilas and santen would do ... burchenal yeah . ( to pettengill ) which be why I have trouble see santen toss himself off any cliff . commit suicide . pettengill look up -- pettengill ... his ego be too big ... he could not take failure ... believe I , I be surprised , too . burchenal ( unconvince ) I will bet . they be about to continue ... when they hear a sound out in the darkness . something mechanical . crunching over rock . beat . gallagher whistle . beat . amee whistle back . a moment later , she walk into the firelight . gallagher Way to get here , sweetie. ( move to she ) how you do ? he look she over with he suit-light . gallagher kinda bang up , huh ? have to rename you lame - ee . the other two man join they . gallagher she seem a little outta whack . ( to amee ) let 's check you out ... on you back . she obey . put she limb in the air . as burchenal and pettengill look on , gallagher open amee 's service port . look around with the suit-light . then -- ( continued ) 77 46 . continued : ( 2 ) 77 gallagher processor 's damage . pettengill can she still navigate for we ? gallagher until she break down for good . burchenal we wait ' till she break down , that drine will crash . let 's yank she Mars positioning system now . one of amee 's leg twitches . gallagher run the logic . gallagher +. m.p.s. hard drive 's modular . it 's self - power . we could run it through a h.h.c . we would have command of the drine . ( then ) but that would be kill she . burchenal want I to pull the plug ? gallagher no ... I will do it . he make a move toward amee ... and what happen next happen very fast ... amee slam gallagher with the arm nearest he . the force of the blow knock he ten foot . with she two back leg , amee grab pettengill . squeeze he . look like she 's gonna squeeze the life out of he ... then use she leg to throw he . a very long way . he land hard and crumple . another arm already have burchenal pincer by the wrist . twist it . force he to the ground in pain . the way a martial artist would . gallagher madly punch button on he sleeve unit . gallagher amee , stop ! amee roll over . still hold burchenal 's wrist . a tin -can armadillo with the strength to keep a large man on he knee . make he suffer . ( continued ) 47 . 77 continued : ( 3 ) 77 gallagher amee , do not hurt he ! and hey , she stop . we think he 's reach she ... when she plunge a arm into burchenal 's chest . not pierce he suit or flesh , but jam it in deep . use she pincer-hand to grasp a rib . twist . the rib snapping horribly . burchenal scream in pain ... then amee withdraw she arm . and move off into the darkness . gallagher go to help burchenal . pettengill stumble back , terrify . pettengill what 's go on ? gallagher she 's in military mode . the crash must have flip she back ... help I get he to the fire . as they drag the groan burchenal -- pettengill why would she turn on we ? we hear the drone zip by overhead . gallagher we try to take she eye . that make we the enemy . pettengill you can not override she ? gallagher I try . she will not respond . they have set burchenal down . gallagher examine he . gallagher Rib 's break . burchenal tell I something I do not know . like why she let we live . she have we . ( continued ) 77 78 red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 48 . continued : ( 4 ) 77 gallagher ( think , then ) she 's play war game . ( off they look ) she 's run through she military program . she know she 's unarm , so she 's use guerilla tactic . break you rib be a version of a old viet cong trick . wound one of the enemy . the other have to help , and it slow ‘em down . make it easier to pick ‘em off . ( beat ) sooner or later , she will play search and destroy ... and then she will come and kill we . there 's a long beat as that sink in . then -- burchenal even with amee out there , we would better get what sleep we can . I will take the first watch . gallagher you sure ? inching himself into a sit position -- burchenal hurt too much to sleep anyway . int . mar - 1 - flight deck - night 78 bowman flip more switch . regards the engine ignition indicator . still red . she look at she note . scratch off that scenario . there 's one more . she take a deep breath . begins work through the step ... reaches the final one and ... «+. the engine ignition indicator go green . bowman whoops . get on the radio . bowman Houston , Mars - 1 . I have get a green light for engine ignition . repeat , we be ' go ' for engine ignition ... thank you guy for busting you ass ... her eye go to santen 's empty seat beside she . beat . ( continued ) 78 79 red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 49 , continued : 78 bowman .-. there 's still plenty of time before I have to punch . I be gonna take another look for the crew at daybreak ... I know they be end of Mission , but it 's something I gotta do . ext . hab ( mar ) - pre-dawn 79 the last of the fire flicker out . gallagher 's on watch . cold as hell . amee' drone audible overhead . gallagher switch on the amee -vision screen on he sleeve . we see just snow and interference ... burchenal stir awake . gallagher how you feel ? burchenal only hurt when I breathe . ( beat ) Sun 's come up in a couple minute . might as well get go . gallagher indicate the sleep pettengill . gallagher you think he have something to do with santen 's death ? burchenal I be not sure what happen out there , but I know he 's not tell we everything . gallagher ( beat , then ) nothing we can do about it right now . gallagher go to wake he up . gallagher pettengill ... pettengill stir . gallagher we be go . burchenal ( 0.s. ) shit . ( continued ) 79 50 . continued : 79 gallagher turn . burchenal 's hold he hhc . burchenal my h.h.c. 's down . gallagher pull out he . tries it . no dice . gallagher ( to pettengill ) try yours . pettengill do . pettengill mine 's out , too . gallagher ( beat ) amee jamme she screen . she must be jam everything . gallagher regards amee 's drine . gallagher screw you . as dawn break , gallagher walk off a short distance . to the drine , as he unzip the front of he suit . gallagher I be take the first piss on Mars . wanna watch ? hurting and shiver , burchenal walk nearby and do the same . beat . burchenal damn . you sure get some arc in this low gravity . pettengill how're we gonna find we way ? gallagher have to make the best guess we can . burchenal see the sun 's just beginning to break the horizon . beat . he suddenly grab a titanium rib from hab and shove it in pettengill 's hand . burchenal run . toward the sun . ( continued ) 79 80 81 82 red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 51 . continued : ( 2 ) 79 pettengill why ? burchenal do it . pettengill go . burchenal get another rib . jam it into the soil close by . the sun break . pettengill 's fifty yard away . burchenal stop ! left. left. Little more . right . there ! Mark it . pettengill come lope back . pettengill what would we do ? gallagher ( admire ) built a directional . burchenal now at least we know where something be . omitted 80 mar orbit 81 Mars -1 approach the light once more . int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day 2 82 bowman use the high-res viewscreen to search Mars one final time . no one at meve . no one at hab . ( the fire 's out . ) beat . bowman have to face the fact . shut off the screen . into radio -- bowman Houston , this be Mars - 1 ... I be hope burchenal would have figure out how to get oxygen outta rock . I guess not . there 's no sign of the ground crew ... I be configure Mars - 1 for a final slingshot around the dayside . then it 's earth return . 83 84 red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 52 . gallagher , burchenal and pettengill 83 stand together , out of breath , look down at something . reveal at they foot ... rover America 's photogenic first visitor to Mars . gallagher kneel beside it . gallagher sorry about this . he power-screws off a cover . look at what 's inside . burchenal well ? gallagher it 's a 50 - year-old , off - the-shelf computer modem on a frequency we be not use for this mission ... but it beat try to shout for help . ext . rover site - day ( later ) 84 gallagher have cobble together a radio from 50 - year - old part . pettengill hold the solar panel at the sun , while gallagher carefully remove one of he two suit - radio microphone . check with a meter , then solder it onto he jerry - rig transmitter . gallagher test , testing ... he adjust a tiny pot as he continue to call out . a green LED come on , flicker with he voice . burchenal do it work ? gallagher the little green thing light up . only way we will really know be if someone call back . ( into mike ) this be Mars - 1 ground crew . this be Mars - 1 ground crew . do you copy ?... this be Mars - 1 ground crew . this be Mars - 1 ground crew . the guy on Mars . do you copy ? we pull back wider and wider . they be very alone . 85 86 red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 53 . int . mar -1 - flight deck - day 85 bowman strap herself into she command seat . she 's go . Hit a sequence of switch . panel indicator light up . into the radio -- bowman Houston , Mars - 1l ... I have acquire elliptical orbit . commence engine ignition sequence for Earth return . she 's about to hit the switch ... when she hear ... capcom ( v.o. ) Mars - 1 , Houston . standby for message ... and then a Australian voice come over the radio . ozzie ( v.o. ) Commander bowman , this be hank osterbee in canberra , Australia . deep Space Network , mate ... bowman actually look at the radio speaker . ozzie ( v.o. ) «+ . I have pick up a urgent call for you ... from the surface of Mars ... please tune you radio frequency to ... ext . sagan / sojourner site - day 86 gallagher regards the cobble - up radio . nothing . pettengill it 's be two hour . gallagher .-. well , it be worth a shot . he 's gonna pitch it ... there 's the windup . and then , at the top of he arm rotation -- bowman ( v.o. ) gallagher ? whoa ... gallagher just barely save it . into radio -- gallagher bowman ? intercut with : red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 54 . 87 int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day 87 bowman ( disbelief ) you be alive ... gallagher ( into radio ) Holy shit ! you make it , too ! bowman I know hab 's wreck . what 's you status ? gallagher we be at that little rover , what 's-it -name ... pettengill and burchenal be with I . no food , no water . amee 's go mustang ... bowman I see a body back at meve . who be it ? gallagher chantilas . santen 's dead , too . bowman ( react , then ) what happen ? gallagher I will fill you in later . bowman , you be not go to believe this , but there 's oxygen down here . we be breathe on we own . bowman that 's impossible ! the oxygen level ... how could -- gallagher we do not know . but we be do it . ( then ) that 's the news . now the forecast : we be not gonna last a whole lot longer down here ... you get any idea ? ' Cause we be out . bowman ( beat ) let I work on it . I '11 get back to you . ( continued ) 87 88 red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 55 . continued : 87 gallagher we will be here . burchenal «+. I do not know how you do it . gallagher . but outstanding . now we gotta pull a even bigger rabbit out of the hat ... Mars - 1 out . when she 's go -- back to bowman she finish dial up Houston on the radio . then -- bowman Houston , this be Mars - 1 . I get three man alive and breathe ... ext . rover site ( mar ) - day ( later ) 88 look upward . watch something . tracking it . a familiar humming noise over this . the camera pulling back as ... «+. pettengill hurl a rock at amee 's drine fly overhead . the drine dodging the rock easily rover site - another angle gallagher watch pettengill . burchenal 's think . burchenal ++. still can not figure out this alga and oxygen business ... gallagher look over at he . gallagher you hate not know , do not you ? ( continued ) red planet - Rev. 11/10/99 56 . 88 continued : 88 burchenal give time , believe I , I will know . gallagher yeah ? ( then ) maybe life 's more mysterious than you think . burchenal you spend too much time with chantilas . but hey , if you want to go the God route and take the easy way ... gallagher easy way , bullshit . it 's a lot harder to live a spiritual life than it be to be smart . burchenal and I say it 's wimp out on the fact . gallagher ( beat ) I bet you do not believe in the tooth fairy , and you hate Christmas . burchenal I be a geneticist . I write code . like a hacker . four element , a-g-t-p , in different combination . hack the human genome . I choose what , I choose where , and you kidney work , or you grow a sixth finger . I do that ... you spot God , lemme know . ' til then , I '1l trust my ph.d.s . ( then ) but do not get I wrong . even without a great pumpkin , life 's still great . you gotta seize it with two hand and live it large ... which be why I be not happy about maybe spend my last hour on this ugly planet . 89 int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day 89 bowman 's at a table , study a computer . via radio -- ( continued ) 89 90 91 92 57 . continued : 89 bowman I be not get anywhere , Houston . the only hope 's to repair meve , but everything they need be at hab , and hab 's go . as she talk , she close the data file she 's in and return to something resembling a " home page . " ( she 's access the mission 's voluminous and detailed briefing material , as be do earlier with the hhcs . ) bowman put you skull together down there , boy . and do it quick ... Mars - 1 out . on computer bowman 's scan a table of content on the home page . move the cursor to a " History of Mars Exploration " section . stop at the first category : " early Russian mission . " pause . click on it . ext . mar surface - bird be - eye view - day 90 medium resolution . moving . look for something ... then stop . apparently on nothing ... and then the camera zoom in ... and suddenly we be look at a strange object squatting on metal leg in the red martian dust ... zoom in more ... and now we see the cyrillic lettering on top . reveal ... int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day 91 bowman 's look at the cyrillic write on Mars - 1 's high - re viewer . ext . rover site ( mar ) - day ( much later ) 92 gallagher , burchenal , and pettengill wait in silence . after a few moment , the radio crackle -- bowman ( v.o. ) gallagher . pettengill let 's hope it 's something good . gallagher ( into radio ) go. 93 94 red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 58 . int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day 93 bowman you guy sit down ...? ext . rover site ( mar ) - day ( moment later ) 94 they have hear the plan . it leave a lot to be desire . gallagher we walk 100 kilometer to a 30 - year - old Russian rock probe that fail to launch and try to jump - start it ... gee , you could not make it tough ? intercut bowman and gallagher . she 's watch they on the viewer . bowman the probe 's call cosmos . Houston find the designer . name 's borokovski . own a deli in Brooklyn . he think the launch sequence can be reprogrammed on site . burchenal if not , maybe he can send up a couple salami-on - rye . bowman here 's the big thing ... you have get just nineteen hour to get there and get it off the ground . so you better get move . as they exchange look and stand -- gallagher I take back what I say about not make it tough . bowman I gotta ditch the ' B ' tank and burn more fuel from ' a ' just to hold orbit that long ... I can not burn more after that or Mars - 1 will not have enough fuel to get home . gallagher ( into radio ) which way we go ? I needa head . ( continued ) 94 95 red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 59 . continued : 94 bowman use the viewer to figure it out . bowman you eleven . more. ( as he turn ) there . gallagher ( to the other ) let 's go . as they head off -- bowman I have work to do here . then I '1l be in comm blackout on the dark side . call you when I come back around . gallagher Roger ... and thanks . bowman wish it could be more . gallagher hey , it 's something ... and it 's nice just know you be still up there . bowman «+ . I do not mind die , but I hate the idea of be alone . so you guy stay in high gear . I want to see friendly face around here again . off which ... flashback - int . mar - 1 - maintenance level - close 95 on gallagher' friendly face - day ( one month earlier ) smiling big . gallagher hi. reveal bowman in the doorway look in . bowman hi. she try to look past he . he move to block she view . ( continued ) 95 red planet - Rev. 11/10/99 60 . continued : 95 gallagher how you do ? bowman Fine ... as soon as someone tell I why there 's a indicator on the flight deck say the temperature in here 's above normal . about ten degree . gallagher .-. Fahrenheit or centigrade ? then she blow past he . find burchenal tend a huge contraption of glass tub , bunsen burner and filtration tank . gallagher he 's teach I . about biology . I have develop a interest in -- bowman fermentation ? ( then ) a few billion taxpayer dollar in this mission , and you be use the lab equipment for a still . gallagher we be sterilizing it . bowman Nice try . ( then ) what 's the fermentation base ? burchenal freeze-dry tater . bowman how would you propose I explain to Houston that two of my crew go blind on moonshine vodka ? gallagher carefully ? bowman eye they both darkly a long moment . then -- bowman so , what , this establishment do not serve woman ? ( continued ) 95 96 red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 61 . continued : ( 2 ) 95 they be off the hook . burchenal pour she a cup . she look at it . toss it back . woooof . bowman you make hootch or jet gas ? ( then ) how much you get so far ? burchenal about three liter . bowman you be do . dismantle this thing . offer equal ration to pettengill and chantilas . ( then ) Lieutenant santen do not drink or approve of that who do ... since he 's on duty on the flight deck , what he do not know will not hurt he . how much be you cut this ? burchenal it 's about seventy - five percent alcohol ... can not believe you take it in one shot stand up . bowman I learn to drink in the navy , boy . off which , as bowman pour herself another snootful ... int . mar - 1 - primary sphere - day 96 chantilas and pettengill have join gallagher , bowman and burchenal . there 's only a little vodka leave . they be all looped . burchenal +. I can figure out what go wrong on Mars . I can probably fix it . and then mankind ' 1l build burger franchise and breed like guppy and destroy the planet , too . and then it 's really good - bye , ' cause there be not any more friendly one ... we be buy a couple hundred year , top . gallagher maybe we have learn a lesson from what happen on Earth . ( continued ) red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 62 . 96 continued : 96 burchenal ( beat ; to chantilas ) there be frog around when you be a kid , right ? chantilas yes . burchenal and then we kill them . every last one ... since frog breathe through they skin and react to toxin in the environment faster , that should have be a warning , do not you think ? canary in the coal mine kind of thing ? bowman what 's you point ? burchenal man 's a party animal . if we be do okay , nothing else matter . that 's not gonna change . chantilas unless there be larger force than biology at work . burchenal uh-oh . we gonna talk God now ? ' Cause I will need another pop . chantilas not god. faith . burchenal faith ?... have a girl friend name faith . she cheat on I ... with a girl name chastity . burchenal 's fun when he 's drunk . chantilas you be riding 309 million kilometer into outer space and back in a rocket ship nobody ever have time to test properly . you do not do that without a little faith . burchenal can not argue with that . ( continued ) 96 continued : 63 . ( 2 ) 96 chantilas Works that way with life , too . sooner or later , we surrender to thing beyond we control . to do that and still keep move forward require we believe ina right outcome . bowman gotta have hope , right ? burchenal hope 's just another way of postpone disappointment . chantilas and I believe it 's the only way we can realize the very best in we ... which , by the way , also happen to be a pretty good definition for God . pettengill ( to chantilas ) if you be american , how come you sound british ? he 's totally ignore . continue -- burchenal listen , forget hypothetical for a moment , alright ?... I say to hell with humanity , . I say we get to Mars , and we take it over for ourselves . gallagher Radio back ? say it suck and do not bother come ? burchenal whatever keep out the riff-raff .-. chantilas can handle the religion thing . gallagher can keep the space john work . pettengill 's ... ( look at he ) «+. pass out ... and I will handle pretty much everything else . y'know -- King . bowman and what about I ? ( continued ) 96 64 . continued : ( 3 ) 96 he give she a drunken smile . burchenal propagation of the species . chantilas roll he eye , then stand , end this line of discourse . chantilas and with that , I suggest we go to bed . burchenal ( off bowman 's look ) think I will take the suggestion . he stand , and say they " good night , " they head out , take pettengill with they . when they be go -- gallagher heavy stuff . smart people . bowman how about you , gallagher ? never hear you express a opinion . gallagher okay . I think you should wear a bra . that shut she up for a few moment . then -- bowman bras be design to support you breast on Earth , where there 's real gravity . why would I need one in space ? gallagher ' Cause it 's very distracting . ( then ) not as distracting as see you step out of the shower , but ... bowman I make sure to lock the door now . gallagher I know . try walk in on you by accident a dozen time since then . he look serious . beat . he smile . it 's a joke . a smile break on bowman 's face . then -- ( continued ) 96 97 red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 65 . continued : ( 4 ) 96 bowman y'know , you be not who I think you be at first . gallagher that a insult or a compliment ? bowman a observation . beat . they be very close . and very drunk . it 's when he should kiss she . but he do not . the moment pass . they both know it be there and now it 's go . drift apart . feel stupid ... end of flashback . ext . mar surface - day 97 gallagher , pettengill and burchenal move across the landscape strung out in a single line . mile from where they start . everyone 's breathe hard . pettengill and gallagher do better than burchenal , who 's drag behind . right now , gallagher 's in front . over the comm - link -- burchenal sure we be head the right way ? gallagher pretty sure . pettengill --. we all make mistake now and then . gallagher everyone but the king . burchenal ( between breath ) no , no , there be one time . gallagher one time . whoa . burchenal clone potato ... spend two year try to make a better spud and two more try to stop it . ( more ) ( continued ) 66 . 97 continued : 97 burchenal ( cont 'd ) almost wipe out Idaho . ( beat , then ) of course , it turn out to be my assistant 's fault . pettengill stop , suddenly alarmed . pettengill what 's that ? gallagher ( stop ) what ? pettengill point off into the distance . pettengill over there . like the ground 's move . gallagher I do not see anything . pettengill .»-. it 's go now . but I definitely see something . gallagher look at he a moment , wonder if pettengill 's hallucinate ... when he eye go to burchenal for the first time . he see that burchenal 's fall way behind ... and that amee 's drine be hover directly over he head . gallagher ( tense , concerned ) burchenal , you be too far back ! burchenal drone zeroing in on I ? gallagher affirmative . as burchenal pick up the pace , over the radio we hear -- bowman ( v.o. ) gallagher ? gallagher ( into radio ; still watch burchenal ) hey ... I need a head check . intercut with : 98 67 . int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day 98 she can see they on the high-res viewer . bowman you be right on target . ( beat ; grave ) we need to talk . gallagher turn off he comm-link . gallagher I be off the comm-link . what 's up ? bowman 's never hesitate in the execution of she command responsibility . she do now . what she 's about to say be hard even for she . gallagher bowman ? and then -- bowman the only place to ride cosmos be inside the rock sample container . gallagher sound comfy . bowman it 's very small ... Houston and borokovksi have be go over the schematics . they have do all they could to figure out how to cram three people in . ( then ) they could not . ( then ) only two people fit , gallagher . two people barely . the news storm gallagher 's head . he just stand there . try to absorb it . gallagher «+. someone have to stay behind ... bowman ( beat ) I be sorry . pettengill and burchenal be get near . to bowman -- ( continued ) 98 99 68 . continued : 98 gallagher yeah , okay . i'11 talk to you later . he lower the radio . as burchenal walk up -- burchenal how we do ? gallagher hesitates , weigh tell he . then answer . gallagher Fine ... good ... off gallagher , fall in with he ... ext . mar surface - day ( later ) 99 burchenal 's slow again , the pain hold he back . he glance up at the sound of amee 's drone over he head . tries to move faster . do for a few moment . then can not keep it up . stop . burchenal shit ... gallagher ( turn ; call back ) keep move ! burchenal --. I be hurt , I be tired , I be thirsty ... I can not do this . he fall on the ground . gallagher see and stop . gallagher get up ! burchenal screw it . I be through . the drine 's circle like a buzzard . gallagher look at he . he and pettengill could leave now , and there would be no decision about who 's go on cosmos and who 's stay behind . beat. beat . then gallagher start hustling back to burchenal . pass pettengill , who just watch he go by . gallagher reach burchenal . ( continued ) 99 69 . continued : 99 gallagher you want to know what amee 's go to do to you ? burchenal I do not give a damn . gallagher get you ass up ! gallagher hoist he up . it hurt , but burchenal stand . burchenal -+. this air 's too damn thin . I can barely breathe ... gallagher put a hand in burchenal 's back . start push he . gallagher c'mon . Left foot , right foot , hop like a bunny -- I do not care . let 's go . burchenal groan , but he 's do what gallagher say . he have no choice . it 's either that or fall on he face ... they plod ahead like that for awhile . when gallagher start sing -- gallagher ' better stop , look around . here it come , here it come , here it come . here come you nineteenth nervous breakdown -- ' burchenal what the hell be you do ? gallagher my grandfather always sing this Rolling Stones song . that 's the only part I remember . ( sing ) ' better stop , look around . here it come -- ' burchenal groan . gallagher -- here it come , here it come . here come you nineteenth nervous breakdown ...' ( beat ) c'mon . ( continued ) red planet - Rev. 11/10/99 70 . 99 continued : ( 2 ) 99 burchenal no. gallagher ' better stop -- ' burchenal no. 100 int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day 100 bowman 's get they in the viewfinder once more . make measurement . scan Mars ... when something catch she eye . something obscure the martian surface . something large . 101 ext . mar surface - day 101 gallagher 's still sing . clearly , he 's wear down burchenal , because burchenal 's into it now too . and pettengill 's join in . all ' here come you nineteenth nervous breakdown -- ' bowman ( v.o . ) gallagher . he key the mike . gallagher ' better stop -- ' burchenal ' look around -- ' burchenal ' here it come -- ' bowman ( v.o. ) gallagher . gallagher ' here it come -- pettengill ' here it come -- ' all ' here come you nineteenth -- intercut with : 102 101a 71 . int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day 102 bowman 's agitate . want ‘em to shut up . bowman cut it ! they hear it . the next line fall apart in they mouth -- all -- nervous breakdown ... bowman ( then ) there 's a icestorm come at you . it 's the size of Montana , and it 's move fast . her transmission be get static - y . bowman I be in comm blackout in a few second . find shelter . now . any shelter you can -- just static . she 's go . end intercut . gallagher and burchenal be still a little giddy . pettengill 's look around at the vast nothingness . pettengill shelter ? where be we gonna find shelter out here ? gallagher let 's go over that ridge . ext . mar surface - day ( later ) 101a gallagher , burchenal and pettengill hustle down a hill . they stop , look around . pettengill there 's nothing big enough here . gallagher .+. wind could hit two -fifty . I be station in Antarctica fix submarine . you do not want to be catch out in a big blow there , and that be nothing by comparison . ( continued ) 101a 103 104 105 72 . continued : 101a burchenal if you be catch out , what would you do then ? gallagher if you do not have a choice ? dig a snow - cave . I guess . burchenal so let 's dig one . gallagher there 's no snow . and we can not dig rock . there 's a funky - look hillock nearby . five foot high , as big around . burchenal 's go over . he kick it . the soft volcanic rock crumble away , revealing ... snow . burchenal permafrost . he scrape away some . burchenal and you can dig in it . ext . mar surface - night ( later ) 103 they be digging . burchenal not able to give to it like the other two . pettengill really work at it . gallagher put a hand on he . gallagher take it easy . pettengill stop a moment . breathe hard . pettengill we have come this far . we gotta make it all the way . we gotta live . as pettengill rejoin the effort ... omitted 104 ext . mar surface - night ( later ) 105 they have hollow out the hillock . the wind be start to kick up . gallagher 's talk into the radio . ( continued ) 105 106 107 73 . continued : 105 gallagher bowman ... come in , Mars - 1 ... beat . nothing . he give up and crawl inside . int . snow cave - continuous action - night 106 gallagher crawl in . as he seal the entrance with snow and rock ... burchenal reach she ? gallagher still in blackout . pettengill we can not talk to she from in here ? gallagher signal will not penetrate . he finish sealing the entrance . they settle in . it 's a very tight fit , but not bad consider . lit by they suit-light . burchenal 's in obvious pain , cradling he hurt rib . burchenal even rest hurt . beat . suddenly , they hear a whistle outside . amee . pettengill the wolf 's at the door . gallagher ( beat ) amee 's program for psy-op . she 's try to freak we out . she whistle again . gallagher yell . gallagher beat it . ext . near snow cave ( mar ) - night 107 the wind whip ice and dust around amee , riding out the storm in she box . 108 74 . int . snow cave - continuous action - night 108 the three man sit as the duststorm howl outside . illuminate by they suit-light ... we see how really trash this guy be . they look like a everest expedition catch at camp five for a month . dirty , bearded , batter , sore , thirsty , hungry , tired , scared , and now shiver with cold . burchenal have the add burden of he injury . just check the time like he do now hurt like a motherfucker . burchenal how far 's cosmos from here ? gallagher 's lose in think . finally realize burchenal 's ask he something . gallagher what ? burchenal cosmos . how far you think it be ? gallagher ( shrug ) five or six hour . burchenal ( check time ) ... leave four to try and launch .-. not count whatever time we lose here . ( beat ) borokovski better have a good memory . wo not be time for plan B. they sit in silence a while . burchenal think hard about something . then -- burchenal there 's a thing ... something maybe science do not fully explain ... that drive we on when everything else fail . that extend itself to other people ... like when you keep I go back there . gallagher meet he eye . beat . burchenal chantilas would say it 's get something to do with the almighty . maybe it do . or maybe it 's just something special about the human spirit ... whatever , I be grateful for it . ( continued ) red planet - Rev. 11/10/99 75 . 108 continued : 108 beat . gallagher do not warm to the praise . gallagher I do not do it because I want you to live . I do it because I hate myself for what I be really think . burchenal what be that ? gallagher that if I leave you , I would survive . burchenal what be you talk about ? gallagher cosmos only have room for two people . beat . burchenal and pettengill can not believe it . there 's a burchenal pettengill you be say one of we can not go ? after all this ? gallagher I have already decide . you be both go . ( off they look ) the mission 's not over if you can get back and tell ‘em what you have see . that 's a helluva lot more important than anything I can offer . ( then ) I will help you rig cosmos . then we say good - bye . long beat . and a noticeable lack of argument . do have a conscience , though ... burchenal you be a rare man , gallagher . gallagher ( beat , then ) hey , we do not know if cosmos ' 11l even launch . even if it do , hell , it 's Russian -- it will probably get ten foot off the ground and blow up , and I will still live the longest . ( continued ) 108 108a red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 76 . continued : ( 2 ) 108 pettengill somehow I do not quite believe it . gallagher what do you mean ? pettengill I have always be the odd one out . come on as a last minute replacement . never quite fit in . ( be : burchenal ) now he think I be responsible for santen 's death . gallagher and burchenal exchange a look . pettengill can read into it . pettengill do not you trust I , gallagher ? ' you watch my back , I '11 watch yours ? ' burchenal I know I do not trust you . pettengill ( to burchenal ; sarcastic ) but you be gonna leave you buddy behind and take off with I ? gallagher that 's right , he be . pettengill just look at each of they . then settles back against the snow , processing it all , capable of anything . off gallagher and burchenal , exchange a look as the wind shriek outside ... int . mar - 1 - access tube - night 108a bowman 's pace to stay awake . into the portable radio -- bowman gallagher ... gallagher , come in ... nothing . but she 's go to keep try . bowman c'mon , hear I , gallagher . I know you be there ... 109 110 red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 77 . int . snow cave - night ( later ) 109 the STORM be still howling outside . in the suit-light , we see pettengill asleep and burchenal nodd . gallagher 's the only one you would call awake . but that just barely . keeping a ear on the storm . a eye on the clock . still watch over the team , even though he 's choose to die . too tired to even worry about that . int . mar - 1 - kitchen / common area - night 110 bowman 's still pace . check she watch . into the radio -- bowman gallagher ... hey , you do it before , man . give I a call . Bus have gotta leave soon ... talk to I now ... she hear from Houston instead -- capcom ( v.o. ) Mars - 1 , this be Houston . Commander , we do not know about you clock , but ours be run out of time down here . you have be outta contact with ‘em three hour . that boy come a long way on shoestrings , but that 's a ferocious storm , and no one could survive it ... here 's where it be «+ . if you do not punch it in the next window , we be get down to a gnat 's ass . you be risk you life , that ship , and the future of this program -- and you team die for what ?... if they have not make contact by the time you receive this , you be order to return home asap ... we will catch you come home ... Houston out . there 's a long beat . then bowman key the radio . her word be measure , she tone deliberate . bowman Houston , Mars -1l ... that 's a negative ... I be not leave ' till I know ... Mars - 1 out . 111 red planet - Rev. 12/13/99 77a . int . snow cave - night 111 gallagher 's asleep . he 's shiver . so hard it wake he up . realize he 's cold because the entrance to the cave be open to the outside . no sound of the storm . next , he see pettengill 's miss . gallagher shit . he turn to burchenal , asleep on the other side of he . gallagher burchenal . he shake he awake . gallagher pettengill 's go . ( continued ) 111 112 112a 78 . continued : 111 he quickly look and feel around the cave . gallagher he take the radio . burchenal what 's the bastard gonna do , try to take off alone ? ext . mar surface - night 112 it 's a weird place in the day . at night , light by pettengill 's suit-light , it 's fuck spooky . pettengill hurry along . when ... .--. he hear a whistle ... and now he 's scared . start to move a lot faster . int . snow cave - night 112a we hear a sharp beep . gallagher look down at he arm . on the screen , in infrared amee -vision , we see pettengill . running madly . the camera chase he . there 's no sound . gallagher oh , man ... gallagher slow and stop . burchenal stop beside he . burchenal what be it ? gallagher ( be : the screen ) amee 's get he ... she want we to see it . on screen , we see amee' Pov as she close in on pettengill and run he down . there 's nothing gallagher and burchenal can do about what 's go to happen next . they can only watch . pettengill 's cornere . he turn . face what he know be come . accept he fate . we vision 's limited to what amee see . there 's no sound . but the brutality of she attack be plain enough . ( continued ) 112a 113 114 red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 79 . continued : 112a amee finally slam pettengill to the ground . she move in . give they a closeup of pettengill 's face ... his eye blink once . blink again . nothing else move . the dull reaction of a spinal cord - injury victim . and then he eye close . the reaction of a dead man ... and then the screen go dark . beat . burchenal he think we be gonna leave he . he make it come true . gallagher ( beat ) we need that radio , or no one 's go anywhere . as they head off -- ext . mar surface - elsewhere - night 113 use they suit-light to see , gallagher and burchenal follow pettengill 's track . burchenal check the time . burchenal we lose three hour in the snow cave . gallagher at least pettengill go in the right direction . burchenal how do you know ? gallagher take a general head before we go into the snow cave . when we come out , I line it up with the star . burchenal ( shiver ) it 's freezing . gallagher keep move . increase body activity 's the only way to ward off hypothermia . ext . mar surface - farther on - night 114 gallagher 's suit-light continue to illuminate pettengill 's track . ( continued ) 114 114a 114b red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 80 . continued : 114 burchenal ( 0.s. ) I do not get this . gallagher turn . burchenal 's stop . have he light train on the ground . we see color . burchenal there 's still alga here . he sweep the beam out across the landscape . patch of alga extend out beyond the reach of the light . glow pink . burchenal bend down and grab a handful . the pinkish glow dissipate as he touch it . burchenal why 's it here and nowhere else ? gallagher too late to figure it out now . we gotta keep move . gallagher look to the horizon . see a thin shaft of light shoot straight up . gallagher pettengill ... ext . mar surface - night 114a they rush across the iridescent landscape until they reach ... pettengill 114b lying on a patch of ground devoid of alga . his face be obscure by the close helmet , the visor fogge - over . there 's a fist-size hole punch through he chest . gallagher amee must have do it . burchenal let 's hope she leave the radio . burchenal take off he glove to search pettengill 's suit for the radio . gallagher try to open pettengill 's helmet , but it jam , barely open . whereupon we hear a nerve-fray , high - pitched SOUND from the narrow slot . ( continued ) 114b 114c 114d 114e 114f red planet - Rev. 11/10/99 81. continued : 114b gallagher I hear something inside he helmet . burchenal why would he close it ? he do not have any air leave . gallagher find the radio . gallagher I will try to raise bowman . gallagher move off . burchenal put he ear very close to pettengill 's visor . look again at pettengill 's face . angle - pettengill 114¢c his mouth appear to be move . burchenal look closer . inside pettengill's helmet 114d several yellowish translucent nematode wriggle over pettengill 's lip suck in a human sludge that fill they three - inch body . burchenal 114e mystify , he take out he ignition lighter . there 's a small rotate buzzsaw at the end . burchenal begin to see through the visor . gallagher 's have no luck reach bowman so far . gallagher she must be on the back side . burchenal continue to see . inside helmet 114f carbon spark begin to bounce off the inside of the visor . 114g red planet - Rev. 11/10/99 82 . ext . mar surface 114g .-. hundred of fiery nematode explode . burchenal stagger back . burchenal Jesus ! gallagher what happen ? burchenal some kind of nematode . they be eat pettengill . spark ignite them . there 's a patch of alga near burchenal . he shine he light on it . we see more nematode . burchenal they be feed on the alga . that 's where it go ... gallagher think there be not any life here . burchenal there should not be . burchenal whip out a telescoping rod . a titanium vial on the end . burchenal they be gonna flip out over this back home . he jab the rod into the nematode . a sample be suck into the vial and freeze by liquid nitrogen . the vial seal shut . burchenal let 's get move . they begin walk -- gallagher you sure it 's smart to take that thing with we ? burchenal smart ?... you do not understand the importance of this , do you ? gallagher I be the janitor , remember ? ( continued ) 114g 115 116 117 red planet - Rev. 11/10/99 83. continued : 114g burchenal Earth 's lose oxygen . you see how that thing burn ? they make it . they eat alga , and they make 02 ... gallagher , we do not have to move to a new planet if we can save the old one . as burchenal 's word sink in -- omitted 115 & 116 ext . mar surface - night ( later ) 117 gallagher and burchenal walk across a vast field of alga . gallagher pause to look . gallagher be year since I have see green field . burchenal 's ahead of gallagher , when something catch he eye ... the alga in front of he have begin to glow . the glow swiftly surge toward he like a wave . the wave reach he foot , surround he . burchenal shine he light down . in the beam , we see nematode beginning to swarm up he leg . burchenal go back ! gallagher what ? burchenal run back , the wave move with he . burchenal run , goddamn it ! gallagher begin run back the way they come . burchenal 's injure rib slow he . more nematode catch up . the swarm of nematode on he leg grow . burchenal stumble and fall . gallagher continue run ... when suddenly the glow wave surge into the alga ahead of he . gallagher stop . he look around . the wave of nematode be move in on he from all side . ( continued ) 117 red planet - Rev. 11/10/99 84 . continued : 117 gallagher we be surround . he realize burchenal 's not there . gallagher burchenal ! burchenal 's on the ground , hurt , he body swarm by nematode , some already eat through he suit and beginning to devour he . burchenal stay there ! you will not make it !... son of bitch be already inside my suit ... beat . burchenal struggle out of he life support vest . burchenal you be outta air . you will need this for the launch . he toss the vest to gallagher . then -- burchenal you say you be not important ' cause you be not a scientist ... you be wrong . burchenal toss he the vial contain the nematode sample . burchenal accomplish the mission , gallagher . gallagher burchenal ... burchenal put you helmet on . it 's gonna get hot here in a sec . burchenal pull out he ignition lighter . gallagher draw he helmet over he head . beat . gallagher so long , burchenal . beat . burchenal manage a smile ... then triggers he lighter and drop it into the sea of nematode . instantly , they combust -- a enormous , fiery chain reaction that explode out across the field and all around gallagher . ( continued ) 117 118 119 red planet - Rev. 12/15/99 85 . continued : ( 2 ) 117 the blaze burn brightly and intensely for a moment , then just as suddenly , be go . beat . gallagher pull back he helmet and look around . off he reaction -- int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day / night 118 Mars - 1 pass through terminus . Day become night . a anxious bowman flip on the thermal imager . search the martian suface . look for ... Pov - thermal imaging system «+. a hot spot . zooming in on a lone figure move across the vast , dark coldness of Mars . back to bowman happy and relieved , she faith reward by the live presence of at least one member of the team . bowman thank God ... intercut with : ext . mar surface - night 119 gallagher pound it out . huffing and puffing . Long past the nematode . amee 's drone humming overhead . into the radio -- bowman gallagher ? gallagher here . intercut gallagher and bowman -- her relief be multiply know gallagher 's make it . beat . she make a calculation . bowman stop . you be go the wrong way . gallagher slow . gallagher which way ? ( continued ) 119 red planet - Rev. 12/15/99 86. continued : 119 bowman you have to go back . the way you come . this be too much ... even for gallapher . he start to lose it . gallagher I can not ... the worm ... we find life ... burchenal sacrifice himself for I ... they be all dead . bowman ( react , then ) stop ... listen to I . he stop . sway with exhaustion and the prospect of defeat . then drop to he knee . bowman if burchenal give he life so you would have a chance , it 's you job to take it ... you gotta find a way to keep go , or he die for nothing . gallagher «+. I can not ... bowman look at the warm figure on the screen a moment . bowman .-+. then how about do it for I ?... get move , gallagher . I will guide you . there 's a long beat . then slowly , gallagher get to he foot . gallagher okay ... he get himself move . gallagher okay ... gallagher pick up the pace until he 's go as fast as he can . gallagher okay ... off gallagher , gut it out across cold , dark martian wasteland . 120 121 122 red planet - Rev. 12/15/99 87 . ext . mar - various shot - night 120 time have pass . gallagher run . tire but persist . navigate by the star . his suit- light bounce in the vast emptiness . same scene - later 121 gallagher radio -- gallagher time . intercut with : int . mar - 1 - flight deck - night 122 bowman fifty - two minute to go . gallagher I should be there by now . bowman maybe not . gallagher I could have screw up the celestial nav . I could be off course . bowman stay positive . it 's there . make it be there . gallagher I could have run right past it -- but suddenly , there it be . right in front of he . cosmos . in all its rock - probe ugliness . no loom spacecraft , just a small sample container atop a launching base . hardly confidence -inspire . and Russian . but ... gallagher I find it . ( continued ) 122 88 . continued : 122 there 's no time to experience the relief she feel . bowman see ? as gallagher look over cosmos , solar panel revolve and track toward he light . gallagher okay , what do I do now ? bowman there 's a infrared maintenance port . it should be mark . gallagher look for it . minor stumbling block -- gallagher yeah . in cyrillic . find it anyhow . gallagher okay , I get it . tries to unscrew the cover . can not . gallagher hand be too cold . my finger will not work . bowman use you tooth if you have to . just do it . he flexe he finger . tries again . finally get the cover off . a ir port inside . gallagher I be in . what now ? bowman connect the radio to cosmos . I be gonna download what you need through the modem . gallagher find it . hook up the radio to cosmos . gallagher go. stuff flash on the cosmos ' digital readout . the launch program , etc . when it 's finish , gallagher unplug the modem to speak into the radio again . ( continued ) 89 . 122 continued : ( 2 ) 122 gallagher still have power . bowman you should be able to run diagnostics . he do . system check positive . it 's a big moment . gallagher all green . bowman ( stop hold she breath ) alright . now , this thing only have two setting : ' on ' and ' off '... right now , ' ' on ' send it all the way back to Earth . as you lack air , food and water , that would be bad . she refer to data . bowman we want just enough power to reach orbit . I have recalculate for the weight of one person ... you gotta take two liter out of each fuel tank . there 's a central purge ... you will have to measure it somehow .»+. it 's gotta be pretty exact . gallagher Russians could not add a gas gauge ? bowman ( no time for nonsense ) I be go into comm blackout soon , and we be down to forty - nine minute . shut up and figure it out . gallagher yessir , mar 'am . 123 same scene - later 123 gallagher 's unbolt the rock scoop . finishes take crude measurement . ( continued ) 123 124 90 . continued : 123 gallagher I need you to do some math . a box forty by twenty centimeter and ten high , how deep 's four liter ? continue intercut . int . mar - 1 - flight deck - night 124 bowman quickly do the math . bowman call it three centimeter . gallagher measure and scribe in the line . move to the purge valve . fill the box with four liter of liquid rocket fuel . set it down . gallagher now what ? bowman Launch diagnostics . avoid press anything that say ‘ignition . ' he run it . everything 's in the green ... until it reach " ignition power . " Green be 300 volt at six amp . there 's exactly zero . it 's dead as a doornail . the program suggest the replacement part number . gallagher stare at the readout , not want to believe it . then slowly let in the truth : he 's not go anywhere after all . bowman gallagher ? gallagher ignition battery 's dead . there 's not enough power to launch . bowman be there anything else you can use ? gallagher ( sarcastic ) let I look around and see if I see a high-voltage source ... nope , just rock . he sit down next to the cosmos . beat . ( continued ) 124 continued : gallagher I be gonna die here , bowman . bowman 's shook . bowman I will figure out how to stay up here longer . we will find another way . gallagher you can not stay without burn more fuel to hold orbit . do that , and you do not make it home ... no . you gotta go . it 's you duty to get back . bowman know he 's right ... but she hate it . long beat . word fail she ... bowman gallagher ... gallagher «+ . how soon you in blackout ? bowman about a minute . gallagher so we have a minute . and there 's some stuff I gotta tell you . first , about the worm ... they eat the alga . maybe hab , too ... but what 's important be they make oxygen . I guess that 's why we could breathe . burchenal say they might even be able to save Earth . so get someone back here quick . and tell ‘em to be careful +. this thing be omnivore . ( beat ) that 's the big story . other than that , I just gotta tell you I really hate Mars . I would never want to live here . I would miss Earth too much ... the way I do now . ( then ) the way I miss a lot of thing . ( beat ) I should have kiss you , bowman . 91 . 124 a ( continued ) 124 125 126 127 red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 92 . continued : ( 2 ) 124 bowman ( eye welling ) yeah . you should have kiss I . ( beat ) I pretend it do not matter ... and every force inside I be pull I toward you ... tear be stream down she cheek now . gallagher pause . half a beat . when ... ext . mar orbit - night / day 125 Mars -1 circle into daylight . and ... int . mar - 1 - flight deck - day 126 bowman 's radio suddenly blare static . as ... ext . cosmos site ( mar ) - night 127 +.» he go on to say -- gallagher good-bye ... I be gonna miss you ... but it 's too late . there 's no response . only static . a long , long beat . he 's alone . he will be alone for the rest of he life . sitting on a big , cold rock in space . gallagher ( softly ) " here it come , here it come , here it come -- ' when he 's interrupt by a familiar sharp beep . gallagher look down . on the screen on he sleeve , we see amee 's infrared Pov as she move across the martian landscape . gallagher letting I know you be still come , huh ? there be a long beat . gallagher realize something . gallagher okay . come and get I . 127a 128 129 red planet - Rev. 11/10/99 93 . closeup - BOX - moment later 127a part of cosmos . gallagher remove some fastener and open it . revealing a bundle of white fabric inside . cosmos ' re-entry parachute . he pick up the bucket of rocket fuel . off gallagher , pour it into the box and soaking the chute ... amee -vision infrare Pov ( later ) 128 moving into a position twenty yard from gallagher , who 's against cosmos again . gallagher 129 look at amee . gallagher ready to move in for the kill , huh ? okay . come on over and finish I . then you can be up here all alone . just walk around Mars whistling to yourself . she keep come . gallagher .-. could not happen to a nicer girl ... amee walk right up to he . not a pause . raise a arm into the air . gonna plunge it into gallagher 's brain . when ... ++. at the last possible second , gallagher jerk away from the death -blow . roll over . underneath cosmos . triggers a switch he 's wire there , and ... boom ! cosmos ' parachute shoot out of its box , which be position so as to kick the chute out laterally . the chute engulf amee . gallagher now roll out from under cosmos . pull out he torch , and ... ... the fuel - soak parachute explode into flame . the fire all around she . Burning up into she maintenance port , which gallagher would open to hab and never close again . melting circuitry and wiring there . even as the parachute burn away , the fire in amee 's belly be start to disrupt she behavior ... her movement become erratic . ( continued ) 129 130 94 . continued : 129 gallagher would like to wait , but he do not have time . move in on she . a metal rod from cosmos in he hand . amee try to fight he off . land blow . but there 's no coordination . no ability to follow up . and finally ... gallagher grab a arm . flip she over . stabs the rod deep into the open , smolder port on she underside . into she expose cpu . once. twice ... and then it 's over . she stop move . lies still . gallagher look down at she . gallagher I be get off this planet . gallagher remove another port cover . start to reach inside . when suddenly ... amee grab he wrist in she pincer . gallagher plunge the rod into she one more time , and the pincer release , the hand fall . gallagher reach into the second port again , dredge up amee 's e-source -- a power cell the size of a soda can . disconnect it . if this be the jungle , amee would be a slain animal , the battery would be she heart -- and gallagher would celebrate he victory by eat it . here , now , he 's gotta get into space ... same scene - few minute later 130 gallagher finish jerry -rigging the battery inside amee . shut the battery port and begin sweeping rock out of the sample container -- he " capsule . " gallagher 's about to pull he helmet over he head ... when he stop ... he rip something . skewer it on the rod that finish off amee . bend out of frame and do something we can not see . gallagher turn back to cosmos . and now we see ... «+. the american flag patch from the shoulder of he suit . " Flying " from the rod . planted in the martian turf . gallagher pull he helmet on . look at the tiny rocket with its rock box . gallagher this should be interesting .... 131 132 133 95 . int . cosmos - night 131 gallagher slide into the sample container . there 's suppose to be room for two . there 's barely room for one . but he 's in . beat . gallagher take several deep breath . close he eye . and punch it . we hear the ignition kick on ... and then , with a grinding roar , the thirty - year - old rocket motor come to life . Inside he capsule , gallagher 's rock by vibration . int . / ext . cosmos - night 132 the wide canyon where cosmos lie light up from the enormous explosion of the engine . and , slowly at first , the little ship begin to rise . gallagher 's rattle harder by vibration . and now , as cosmos pick up speed , the g-force press he against the hard floor of the box . the heat shield glow bright red two inch from gallagher 's face . when the second stage kick in , the force rip the shield away completely . micro dust ping against gallagher 's visor . Inside the helmet , he eye and ear begin to bleed . his face distort from the 9 - g 's pull down on he . cosmos reach the atmospheric envelope . and burst through . released from Mars ' gravity and atmospheric friction , cosmos accelerate . gallagher 's head be snap sideways by the increase velocity . and then , at last , the second - stage rocket motor sputter and die . the second stage fall away ... cosmos float in the deathly quiet of space ... int . mar - 1 - flight deck - night 133 bowman 's make final preparation for she return . when she eye go to a screen on the instrument panel ... something 's shot up into the atmosphere ahead of she ... she look up from the screen , look out the window . beat . it hit she ... ( continued ) 133 134 135 136 137 138 96 . continued : 133 bowman gallagher ... then , to the voice- activate computer system -- bowman abort. reroute . orbital maneuver . power the o.m.s. power the r.c.s . she flip a joystick out from underneath the dash in front of she . bowman I need roll , pitch , yaw , X , y , Z. she 's fly the ship now . bowman ten millimeter burst . ext . mar orbit - night / day 134 small hydrogen burst begin to shift Mars - 1 . bit by bit the large ship dive down into a lower orbit to catch cosmos . int . / ext . cosmos - night 135 gallagher drift on the edge of unconsciousness . on he wrist display , we see that burchenal 's life - support pack be run low on air . Mars - 1 approach . closer and closer . more hydrogen blast slow Mars - 1 . both ship near the daylight . and when Mars -1 be as close as bowman dare bring it ... int . mar - 1 - flight deck - night 136 she triggers a final break burst . throw off she seat harness . int . mar - 1 - various shot - night 137 bowman race through the ship . exit into ... int . mar - 1 - hab retrieval deck - continuous action - 138 night bowman run herself across the room . jam she foot into eva boot . move upward into the eva upper body section . lock it shut . fully encase now . like a large crustacean with leg . 139 140 141 142 143 red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 97 . int./ ext . cosmos - night / day 139 gallagher 's out of air . he 's either unconscious ... or dead . cosmos and mars-1 enter the sunlight now . int . mar - 1 - hab retrieval deck - day 140 bowman seal this level ! open the dock ! the large outer door of the dock open . Air and loose item purge . gallagher and cosmos float 300 yard away . bowman unclip she suit from its anchore device and yank something off the wall . like a 40 mm grenade launcher with a power retrieval cable . bowman shoulder it . aim . pull the trigger ... the device emit a thin laser beam . omitted 141 bowman 142 regards a readout on the gun : " object out of range . " she let go of the gun . look around . propel herself up to the long " canadian arm " which be use to bring hab into the bay . the arm attach to a linear acceleration track point out the open hatch . a receptacle on the back of bowman 's eva suit match the large hab retrieval ball on the end of the arm . bowman back herself against the ball . clip she suit onto it . bowman last acquisition . line release . full velocity . and the linear accelerator shoot the arm down the track and hurl bowman out into space . the ball stay embed in she back . trail a line back to Mars - 1 . ext . mar orbit - continuous action - day 143 bowman fly toward gallagher and cosmos . no mean of stop herself . crashes hard into cosmos . momentarily stun herself . then recover . move to gallagher . put she visor against he . and scream . bowman gallagher ! gallagher ! ( continued ) 143 144 145 146 red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 98 . continued : 143 she 's shouting at the top of she lung , but inside gallagher 's helmet there 's only a muffle hum transmit through two face - plate . bowman grab onto cosmos . say something we can not hear . the linear accelerator yank she violently backward . begins retract bowman and cosmos back toward the open hab retrieval bay . Mars -1 be swallow up bowman , cosmos and gallagher . at 45 mph . they almost make it through the door cleanly . cosmos catch slightly on one side . flip they around as they plunge inside . int . mar - 1 - hab retrieval deck - continuous action - 144 day cosmos ram the end of the arm . the arm fracture away but still stop cosmos from ramming through the inner bulkhead and destroy Mars - 1 . bowman seal ! emergency atmosphere ! now ! the outer door slam shut . the room be buffete in a white mist . the atmosphere be restore . gallagher 's limp , unresponsive . bowman check he readout . no air . no heartbeat . bowman not after all this , damn it . she grab a emergency cut tool . hook it into the front of gallagher 's suit . rip it open from stem to stern . a first - aid station be bolt to the wall . bowman grab a pair of paddle from a defibrillation unit . jab they against gallagher 's chest . as she triggers they -- inside gallagher' body 145 we follow the electrical SHOCK as it course through neural network and reach he heart . zap ! nothing . bowman 146 see there 's no response . dial up the defibrillator . Hit he with the paddle again . once more -- 147 148 149 150 151 red planet - Rev. 11/29/99 99 . inside gallagher' body we follow the millisecond path of the charge . it reach he heart . zap ! bowman regards the readout on the defibrillator . it 's bounce with gallagher 's restore pulse . gallagher slowly begin to regain consciousness ... ext . space - sometime later Mars -1 hurtle by . omitted int . mar - 1 - kitchen / common area - day they enter . look around . lotsa miss face . beat . gallagher let 's hope it be worth the cost . bowman Houston think so ... on Earth , they be call you a hero . ( beat ) I have not tell they about pettengill . ( continued ) 147 148 149 150 151 151 152 100 . continued : 151 gallagher ( beat ) we be put into a situation we do not expect and be not ready for . we all make mistake . thing we would take back if we could ... four man die . but in the end , we accomplish the mission . ( beat ) that 's what people should remember . that the man who die down there be all heroes , too . beat . gallagher reach into he pocket . pull out a rock and look at it . bowman memento ? gallagher something for chantilas 's family . ( beat ) his faith get we through . bowman gaze up at he . beat . bowman I will say it again : you be not who I think you be . gallagher meet she gaze ... then draw she to he and kiss she . it 's be a long time come . they both make it last . and then , hold she , smile , look into she eye -- gallagher Universe be full of surprise . and that 's the way we leave they . holding each other . tire . at the beginning of a long journey . the camera pushing in on the small rock in gallagher 's hand until it fill the frame and slowly transform into ... ext . space 152 the Red Planet . cold and forbid . float in the jet black of space . fade out . the end