naked gun 33 1 / 3 " the final insult " Rev. 11/03 - pink Rev. 11/03 - yellow Rev. 11/04 - Green rev , 11/09 - buff ~ : Rev. 11/16 - salmon rev. 11/04 - green : paramount logo 1 omitted 3 int . train station - day a long flight of stair . the place be nearly empty . 3a omitted thra : 6 angle - bottom of stair - bot dog stand a man in a paper hat pear up from he hot dog wagon . it 's nordbbrg of Police squad -- obviously undercover . he check inside hie windbreaker , pata he revolver . he nod at someone at the top of the stair . 6a angle - top of stair . , a guy in a porter 's uniform sit on a rack of luggage , eat he lunch . it 's bd sockrn . he bend down , pulla up bis pant leg , revealing @ gun in a ankle holster , 6b angle - bottom of stair - benches aman site read a newspaper . the headline read : '' dyslexia for cure found 's . the paper be lower , revealing ~~ frank drebin , his eye dart nervously with nee 3a through around , scan the place . he glance from the upstairs door to the big clock on the wall then , back to the door , somathing 0.8. catch he eye : 7 omitted thre 10 angle - franks Pov a woman with a baby carriage start to ascend the stair , work the carriage gently up , step by step . ' v 11 back ' to frank hye the woman . he would like to help she , but there 's a job to be do . : announcer ( vo ) train 35 from Chicago will be arrive on platfosm six at 12 p.m. Frank look back up at the clock . it click to three minute to twelve . il 12 13 4 15 16 7 18 19 20 20 a rev. 11/04 - green 2 . prank' fov 12 he look at the door , then back at the woman -~ she 's work awfully hard drag that baby carriage up that step . resume ~ frank . 13 he have to do something . he rush toward the woman , begine haul the baby carriage up the stair . he 's about halfway up when he spot . something 0.8 .. franks Pov lé ancther mother with tuo baby carriage begin to ascend the stair . angle - frank 1s he look helplessly at nordberg . angle ~ wordberg : 16 understand Frank 's silent plea , rush to the aid of the mother with the two carriage . . angle - frank 17 pull the baby carri . the stair ting closer to the top . he get a horrify icok oa lis fase : franks Pov , 18 & woman at the top of the stair be come down with a baby carriage . angle ~ frank . 19 re look helplessly at ed. angle - 20 hurry over to assist tha new woman with she baby carriage . yes , now all three meaber of Police squad be struggle with baby carriage . §d 's about to start ease it down the step , but stop abruptly when he see : mingle + top of stair 20 a four goons , pack heat , approach , take up position . mr. big enter behind they . : 20b omitted 205 20 c 20d rev . 11/04 - green 2a . angle - frark 20 c almost to the top of the stair , shield he face as he eyeball Mr. Big and he goons . angle ~ mr. big : 20d take a look around , then he and he goons start down the stair . pd al 22 23 23a 2 24a 245 26 " 26r | 268 rev . 11/04 - green angle - frank : 21 come abreast of Mr. Big on the stair . xr. Big looka over . he recognize prank ! from this point on , every - thing go into slow motion ... the goons go for they gun , start bleat away . Frank yank out hie pistol , accidentally let go of the baby carriage , fir '' S back at the goons , angle = baby carrfag ~ 22 a it bounce down the staira . angle - woman . 23 who mouth the word , '' my babyt " omitted , 23a angle ~- ed . : a4 let go of he carriage . 1 roll over the top stair . the mother mouth the word , '' my baby ! " &d 'a struggle to extract he gun from he ankle holeter , . . insert ~ bd' ankle . 24a the gun be all tangle up in he hosiery garter . angle - goons : 24 blasting away . angle - hordbrerg 25 start firing , realize he 's let go of both he baby carriage . he run out of frame Chasing thea . right behind runaway lawamover careen through 7 & ' yy frame , follow by a japanese gardener who throw up he hand and mouth the word , ' ny lawnmower ! " angle - prank , 26 gun blaze , diving , fir&s at the goons . angle - goons 26 a one be hit , roll down the stair . the other be hit -- he roll up the stair . omittrd 26b 26c 26d 268 26r 27 28 26a 288 28c 285 through 30 31 rev . 11/04 - green omitted 26c angle ~ frank 26d his eye spot something on tha. ground . a surprised look gross he face . still firing , he banda down and pick the object up =~ it 's a bright , shiny quarter . whet luck ! happily , Frank pocket the coin , he gun still blaeing away . ahgle ~ ed . 268 etill struggle to free hie gun from he sock . he sit down on the top stair , really go at it . omitted : 26f er angle ~ frank 28 firing away . . hey , look , at 's ' the President ! another anger 26 a it 's bill clinton come down the stair with bis gecret service entourage . resume - frank 283 surprised to see the President . 0.8 . voice and the Pope ! angle - he holiness 2 ac be also come down the stair with he Security people . angle ~- hezbollah faratic 28d he body rig with grenade and dynamite suddenly the pore of nowhere , rush toward the President and ° fanatic ( scream ) yee ah ! omitted : : 282 through / 30 angle - frank 31 can not believe this be happen . he whip he gun up , shoot the hesbolieh . pee , oe tp ae rev . 11/04 - green 31a resume - hezbollar clothes -lline by Frank 's bullet , drop like a rock . 31b resume - frank . 0.8. voice oh my God ! look ! it 's disgruntled postal worker ! Frank turn to soe ! 4a . 31a 31b * 32 through 34 35 36 37 37a az7 a aa37b 378 a37c 37 '' rev. 11/04 - green . 5 . omitted 32 thro 34 angle - top of stair . 35 it 's a human wave attack of postal ' worker , all in uniform , all with automatic weapon , some with mail sack , they start spraying the place with automatic gunfire . omitted 36 & 37 another angle 37a Frank grab a ampressive - look gun from off the stair , swing it around ... suddenly look , horrify , at something 0.3 . angle - baby carriage ai7ta all four baby carriage reach the bottom of the stair at the same time . they crash into bench and the baby go fly . . resume ~ frark 's a378 torn between rescue the baby and he police work ... he wake the decision , let out a banshee screan , open fire on the postal worker , mow tham down leave and right . in b.g. , we see nordberg make dramatic catch , snagging the airborne baby as they fall from the sky . angle - postal worker : 3a7b falling in clomp . mail sack spilling ail aver the . stair . but , more arrive -- it 's a endlese supply . resume - frank . , a37c blast away at the onslaught of postal worker . in + 9 '' ) mordberg make a over- the-shoulder catch of the last baby . he do a shuffle , a hip swivel , duck walk around with the baby hold high . he 's about to spike the infant but its nother stop he just in tine . resume - frank 37 '' suddenly , Frank 's gan click . he have no bullet leave ~- and postal worker keep come . a worried look on he face , Frank try esperately to fire he empty gun . click , click , click ... real time ... * «4 * '' * * x 38 39 rev . 11/04 - green angle - frawk' Pov - postal worker point a gun point-blank at Frank , menace , to pull the trigger ... frank he ait up in bed , scream . . he 's about 38 39 5a 's * 40 int . franks bedroom - night . . 40 prank 's in bed , he eye still wide with horror . it be all a bad dream . jane wake up , put . she arm around Frank 's tremble shoulder . jane . ' Frank ? . Frank ? be you alright ? I be soaking wet . 's jane all get the talcum powder . frank no , no ... it 's not that . I have a nightmare . crime be everywhere ! I could not stop it ! : jane it be just a dream . you have be retire for six month now . frank right ... retire . jane now , go to sleep , honey . frank ' no , I can not . I be wide awake . | jane ( affectionate ) tt know how to relax you ... prank I do not feel like be read to . jane I be not think about read . I think we could ... frank {mild panic ) not tonight . I have a headache . jane ( hurt ) again ? ( sigh ) just go to sleep , Frank . frank okay , let I get comfortable ... ( continued ) 40 41 42 43 44 4s 46 46a continued : . 40 he pick up the bed control , adjust they craftmatic bed . it snap up like a clam on they . then instantly " sproing " back the other way , throw they into uncontrolled back . arch . Frank quickly hit another button . the bed shoot up , catapult Frank and Jane out through a open window . the naked gun theme song kick in strong . credit begin closeup - flashing red police light 42 head down a city street . take a right . now head straight for a pack of marathon runner . they scatter . several be hit , and lift up and over the car . at a naval yard 42 now take off from a carrier . at a sport arena 43 head up a ramp . through a hoop of fire . over a row of bus . drive through a rap concert 44 ramming into player at a hockey game 4s scoring the win goal . in the ocean 46 shoot a curl . CITY STREET 46a . the red light pull up to a bunch of cop -- get ready to beat up on a motorist . suddenly , out of nowhere , citizen with camcorder show up . the cop instantly act nonchalant , whistling casually , pretend they 's have draw they baton to practice they golf swing , perfect they baseball swing , work on they fly casting ... theme song and credit end . ace teeeoe 47 48 49 ext . statesville prison - day ( matte shot ) 47 a formidable fortress . int . prison visiting room - day : : 48 the Guard escort in muriel dillon . clip along in she late sixty , she 's one tough old chick . on they walk , we see Visitors talk to con . then : a visitor be do he banking through a bank teller 's window . a hockey player in the penalty box . a dog visit a dog . a aquarium with black and white stripe fish . muriel pass one last partition , turn to face ... angle - rocco dillon 49 music sting . lit dramatically . tough . his face set in resolve . he 's the kind of guy who in another life would nve be a astronaut -- but the kind that would 's have bail out of he spaceship . muriel beam a big smile at rocco as she sit across from he . muriel how 's my little boy ? you gettin’ along okay , sweetie ? ™~ rocco about as well as a heterosexual can in prison . muriel 's quizzical ... she do not quite understand . rocco ( cont have ) great , ma , just great . ( soften ) ma , how 's Tanya ? muriel Tanya 's the same ... milky , creamy skin , pout red lip , firm and exquisite buttock , ample breast , earlobe you would just die to stick you tongue into , and ... rocco 's get a little arouse . rocco ma , please ... I have be in here almost a year . I be gonna get " guy cramp " if you keep this up . ( continued ) " 49 continued : se , 49 muriel sorry . Tanya 's fine . you should see she on she new stairmaster . rocco ( bite he knuckle ) _ gnhaa ... do not let anyone come near she . they do , I will rip they ' heart out with my tooth , muriel that 's memmy 's little boy . there 's a pause . rocco so , ma , what happen on we last job ? I see on the news City Hall 's still stand . muriel it be Lou . he could not set the timer on the bomb , so he ask a security guard for help . rocco bite he knuckle again . * rocco gnnhh ! do you take care of he , ma? ™~ 's muriel strangle he with my own hand . ruine my nail polish . I just have a manicure that morning . rocco ( unconditional love ) that 's may mar . a beat . 2 rocco , there 's someone here to see she motion 0.8. 50 rocco 's Pov - papshmir 50 smarmy international terrorist broker , approach , sit next to muriel . ( continued ) 50 10 , continued : / 50 rocco papshmir ?! / papshmir '' my people be very upset . muriel - they be always upset . they 's be arab terrorist . papshmir shoot she a look . rocco ma , please ... papsemir {to rocco ) . you be suppose to be the foremost terrorist bomber in the world . train station , department store , government building ... muriel ( proudly ) the devastation in South Florida . papsemir that be Hurricane Andrew . ~ muriel that 's what they tell the public . papshmir no matter . we want to embarrass the United States . now you have make the police look like international heroes . rocco I tell you a first class job have cost five million . now , if you step up to the price , I get a target that ‘’1l make City Hall look like chicken feed . rocco write something on a piece of paper , hold it up to glass , out of camera 's view . papshmir be visibly impressed . papshmir that 's a pretty big target . but , why should I think anything will be different ? ( continued ) Rev. 11 /3 - yellow 1a. so continued : ( 2 ) 80 rocco ' Cause five million dollar I . I be be there ayself . I be breakin’ outta here . . muriel brighten . muriel oh , honey , that 's wonderful ! <° 21 wash all you gun and bullet and lyse ) you holster . everything will be nice - and fresh for you when you gee aut . pap ! alright . 1°11 ar ; pa + but , fatl this time , Mr , dillo , end ay feople will not be so forgive , . rosy soa ' soa angle - rocco . . a amug salle . | fail ? who '@ goana stop I ? ~~ . . $ 1 be 51 omitted ' & '' . & : - 52 52 s2a 52a int . supermarket - day music up : '' morning train '' ww it 's a ies to separate a line of shopping cart . . caaless " struggle . the store manager go by , greet hin . store manager good morning , Frank . ram the good morning , Tom . store manager remember , it 's double coupon day today . ( continued ) rev want $ 23 sac «41 /3 - yellow wn eurue frank ( pate pocket ) get ‘em right here . " store manager oh , by the way , cornish game hen be '' 2.29 a pound . . the store manager exit . angle - frank clip down a welding mask e bl och eging mask , go at the cart with a angle - pruit and vegetable aisle prank 's pick up melon , puce : they to hie ear tapping they , listen . we cepenta the precese . ' then he accidentally grab a woman 's breast , tap . it . suddenly , he realize what he 's don . too late . wear ! Frank 's slap . Frank yank a plastic bag off the roll . the entire roll , hundred y start to unravel . Frank do not notice , walk away . bag continue to unwind in b.g . Frank 's absorb in try to find the open of he bag . he 's roll he finger over first one end , then the other . finally , he find it . drop a potato into the bag -- 4 fall out the bottom . 528 another angle $ 28 Frank put a roll of paper towel into he basket . there 's a small baby in he cart . Frank give a pussle look , realize he error too late . a mother , think Frank be a kidnapper , rush up . mother , '' bey ! she grab the cart away from prank , exit . ¥rank look after she . suddenly , he roll of paper towel fly back into frame , smack Frank in the head . 12 . '' Sea $ ac * with Rev. 11 /3 - yellow ser angle - checx.our counter Frank 's in a long line . see a checker register . he push hig cart over . he look ... $ 2g angle - check -out counter witere he come from checker be whirging through the line , 528 angle - frank head back to other counter . he 's first io line ! he never from out of nowhere , a dozen people with loade to beat he in line . Frank end up where he be 13 . open the next eat there , carte rush before . §2¢ $ 2h bue , the counter be juet be close . prank turn , head back to the other counter again . his jaw drop ag he saz 0 angle - linr ee be gust at Ze sew run the length of the store . _ 52k omitted through 52 k 52w amother angle a thug run up to a woman in line , try to a tag -of - war ensue . woman help ! my purse ! someone help ! sas snatch she purse . t , by hes for he ice revolver -- which Frank instinctively reac py . be not there . he stop , look up , t shimmer dissolve to : 83 omitted - - Rev. - 11 /3 - yellow . 54 flasebace - wr. pony squad - pay we see a buffet lunch laid out . we read banner ; '' Goodbye Frank " , '' have a good retizement ! " , ‘we Love youl* , " 3000 Dead gat guy . 432 wounded® . Frank la surround by £ 4 , nordberg , and ' all the Police squader -. sing the final straing of ' for he 's a telly good fellow . applause 211 around . . 14 , 54 frank : well , we have shot a lot of people together . it 's be gteat , buc today I retixve , , . té I do any shoot now , it will have to be in the confines of ny own home . hopefully it will be a intruder . rot a in - law like at ay bachelor party . well , bd , 2 . officially turn ever ay bete and by gun . jape and fr would e the keep the handcuffs ... souvenir . xd be reduce to tear as he take the gun and badge . hug prank . frame ( send 's ad ) cheer up , Ed . this be Bet gocdbye , it 's juat er will not ever see you again , '' for ( ebbing ) e oh , Frank ... . . srnr diss clve to ; s4a resume - frank s4a thug 18 cun out the door with the purse , plow into we another shape mand he reeling . the store manager race up to Frank . . ein after thug ) x inting x thug lieutentnt drebint Frank ! do not you see that ? . '' Frank snape out of hig stupor , look to where the store ' manager 's point , frank oh , yes ! Kitty litter . two bag for a dollar . thank you ! Frank walk off toward a huge kitty litter display , leave have the store manager dumbfounded . ss ss omitted 1s. 60 ext . CITY courthouse - day 60 . a impressive structure . : 60a tight on jane : . 60a jane the alimony have be set by the court . be not that right , Mr. Clayton ? look up . 60b angle - man on witness chair 60b clayton well ... yes ... but ... it be a simple * misunderstanding . you see , when my * attorney tell I that I ... * 60 c resume - jane 60c rise from she seat . widen to reveal : 61 —s int . courtroom 61 Jane be a high profile , big -time attorney . she 's dress in a business suit . she step from around she table , @ behind she client , louise , who look confident in Jane 's ability to win this case for she . Jane cross toward the witness stand . pass the gallery where on - looker listen intently . a woman hold a baby on she lap . jane but , not once have you pay the alimony to my client in the past two year ! repeatedly defy the * court order . be not that right , * Mr. Clayton ? : 62 omitted 62 & & :- 63 : 63 64 | angle - pewale bailiff 64 a infant carrier on she back . we see Jane respond to the sight of mother and baby throughout . she really want a child . : clayton ( lamely ) T lose she address . she move twice . I could not keep up ! 65 66 67 68 16 . . angle - jane 65 she 's walk by the jury . notice gome of the woman hold Babies . jane ( explode ) do not lie to I , Mr. Clayton ! you be under oath ! do you , know what the penalty for perjury be ? {pause} : now , I all ask you again ... defense attorney ( 0.s. ) objection ! angle - defense attorney : 66 she 's breast feed . defense attorney you honor , i...ow ...ow ...ow ..! geez !... she remove the baby from she breast . defense attorney ( cont have ) counsel ig lead the witness . sustain . 0.s. there 's the SOUND of the gavel bang . angle - bench 67 the pounding be from the judge 's four year old , who 's play with gavel . . judge ( to kid ) sweety . mommy say no pound when she 's in session . ( to stenographer ) please read the prosecution 's last statement to the Court . angle - stenographer . 68 read while burping she baby . ( continued ) " 68 69 70 17 . continued : 6a stenographer '' do not lie to I , Mr. Clayton . you be under cath ... " _ the baby burp up a big one . stenographer ( cont no ) ( to baby ) that 's the boy ... yeah . {to judge ) . " do you know the penalty for perjury ? " the baby spit up . she use the page she 's read to wipe the baby 's chin . stenographer ( cont have ) that 's all I have , you honor . angle - judge 69 | judge you may continue , Ms. Spencer - drebin . jane ( long for a child , wistful ) prosecution rest , you honor . judge Defense attorney . Ms. Davis - jacobs-steiner-lazlo ? angle - defense attorney 70 she 's change the diaper of she baby on she table . defense attorney I have no further question , you honor . she put the dirty diaper into she briefcase , snap it shut . judge Court will recess until the morning feed . she pound she gavel . unbeknownst to she , it 's a baby 's plastic hammer . it make a * squeak " . 71 72 ~~ 73 18 . angle -. jane at she table , put away papers . she stare at the mom and they kid . she feel a void in she life . Louise smile at she . . louise we be go to win this , I can feel it . ; Jane ia only half listen . jane yes . ' louise I marry the wrang man . jane ( to herself ) I never think that be possible ... louise I beg you pardon ? jane ( shake herself out ef it ) oh , nothing . Louise , there 's no such thing as the " wrong : man* . you just '' have to work at it . ~ ext . office door - day a plaque on the door read : '' dr . S. eisendrath - pamily therapist " . int . therapist office - same time dr . stuart eisendrath sit behind he desk , read a patient 's folder . Jane and Frank sit across from hin . eisendrate . now , you two have be marry ... six month ? jane : yes , we really appreciate you see we , Doctor . you be highly recommend by we last therapist . ( continued ) 71 72 73 73 continued : 19 . . 73 eisendrath yes , I be sorry to hear about he suicide . ( pause ) . I feel it 's important for couple to - get off on the right foot and not eisendrath get catch up in blame . now , which one of you be impotent ? jane that would be he . look up at Frank . eisendrath ( catch off guard ) ah , yes ... of course . frank ( miff ) why do not you ask who 's frigid ? jane that would be he also . eisendrath oh ... frank {to Jane ) t how would you know ? you be never home . jane he resent the fact I be a work woman . in fact , he have no idea what a woman want or need . ( to Frank ) you be so insensitive . frank this be not that toilet seat thing again , be it ? jane Babies , Frank ! I want to have a baby . but , every time we start to make love , you get a headache ! frank I be not a piece of meat , Jane ! I '' try ! I have get ointment , creams , lotion , book , thing that vibrate ... ( continued ) 73 continued : 20 . ( 2 ) 73 jane Frank ! frank maybe it 's you fault . eisendrath : have you try sexy lingerie ? same lacy underwear ? a black teddy ? frank I have try wear they all . nothing work . jane will . why do not you want to have a child ? prank I try to adopt that eighteen year old Korean girl , do not 1 ? eisendrath Jane , Frank . here 's what I suggest : make tonight a special night . dinner . wine. romantic misic . put on the twenty - four hour johnny mathis station . just be Jane and Frank ... lover . jane for we have not have a night like that for a long time . frank not together . jane Frank ...? frank I be sorry if I seem so unearinag . I be just frighten . a baby be a big responsibility . like be in charge of sanitation at a haitian jail . jane : let 's make tonight really special . oh , Frank , I just love you so much . frank — my Little lover sparrow . jane my puppy wuppy wover . frank my little love biscuit . sr ve or bae gy 74 75 76 77 21 . angle - eisendrath 74 '' appal . resume frank and jane jane snookie wookum . frank Little Lady cheesepuffy . eisendrate Mr. and Mrs. drebin , please ! they turn , look at he . bisendrath ( cont have ) I be a diabetic . I think you two should go now . int . franks house , live room - later same day 75 Frank , wear a apron , with a mountain of laundry nearby , be absorb in a tv soap Opera as he iron . angle - tv 76 jason lie in he hospital bed . bobbi hold he hand . ! '' jason I never think we would end this way . bobbi how do you think we would end ? jason I do not know ... some other way . sbobbi Jason , please ... jason please , bobbi . I have be hurt before . angle - prank 77 wrap up in the scene on tv . | bobbi ( 0.8 . ) we have to face this thing tegether ... a tear trickle from Frank 's eye . it hit the iron , sizzle . 0.8. the doorbell ring . Frank turn down the set , answer the door . . 78 79 80 cae : 22 , angle - door : es 78 it 's Ed and nordberg . we ed. nordberg . it 's be a long time . . . ed hi , Frank . . nordberg it 's good to sea you . ed you look terrific ! frank thanks , ed. I be take a step class and the little woman get I a thigh master for Christmas . look at I ... where 's my manners ? come in . come in . another angle 79 Frank lead they into the live room . : . frank Excuse the mess , it 's my irone day . sit , sit , sit . he usher they to the couch . all the furniture be cover in plastic . ed great . he and nordberg sit . the crinkling be deafen . both friend be notice the change in Frank . angle - frank 80 gesture to a plate of cupcake . nearby be a steaming pot of coffee . prank I just frost some cupcake . would you care for one ? ed not just now . Frank , we have be have a problem with a terrorist threat . Police squad be certain that ... ( continued ) 80 23 . continued : es 80 nordberg I no like a cupcake . and that coffee smell great Fresh this morning . I grind my ' own bean . Frank pour coffee , giva each guest a cupcake . nordberg be look at the tv . nordberg '' two live live as one " ... what 's happen ? Ed be exasperate . frank Jason be die . bobbi may have to take the job in she father 's department store after all . nordberg Jason 's die ? poor bobbi . frank I know . she 's a wreck . can you blame she though ? 's Ed feel like he 's catch up in some little hell . =d ah ... Frank , the reason we be here be that we need you help with something ... Frank be hover over Ed , stare at he , hopeful . Ed look down at the cupcake in he hand , realize Frank want he opinion on it . he take a bite . ed ( cont have ) great . frank ( huge sigh of relief ) oh , I hope you have like they . I make ‘em from scratch . now , .let I get off my foot for a second . prank sit , kick off he fluffy slipper . ed Frank , we may have a lead on a suspect in the City Hall bombing attempt . take a look . ( continued ) 81 83 : 24 . continued : . ( 2 ) nordberg hand Frank a picture . nordberg this picture be take by a news photographer . . insert - picture a long shot of a woman on the step of City Hall , talk to a security guard . ed ( 0.s. ) we think this woman be use as a diversion . angle - frank look at the picture . nordberg we have it blow up . nordberg hand Frank another photo . insert - photo 's a grainy closeup of the woman 's chest , from neck to waist . a couple of button on she blouse be undone revealing ample cleavage . . frank they look familiar . ed no , no , Frank . the pin. opoint at photo ) she 's a nurse . frank . oh , right ... can I keep this ? . ed we trace she to the karlson Clinic on myrtlewood . her name 's Tanya Peters . frank ( take aback ) Tanya Peters ? - ed you know she ? ( continued ) the 80 81 33 83 83a 833 83¢ 83d 2s . continued : : 83 prank De not you remember ? it be sometime in the 1970' . the big disco shoot out ... : shimmer dissolve to : int . disco - 1970' , 83a murder scene . a DISCO tune , the infamous " do the hustle " , plays through the discotheque 's speaker systex . Police be go about they business . prank enter , dress in 1970 's style ... flare pants , wide tie , wide collar , floral color , shoulder length hair , sideburn . he look around . angle - tanya peter 83b the ' 70 's version . very young and very luscious . wearing hip -hugger bell - bottom and tie-dy halter top . she make big eye at prank . : angle - frank : 3 c he no like to go flirt , but there 's a job to be do . he cross over to : '' mo frank Ed , what 's happenin’ , my man ? N angle - ed 83d Ed 's hip in the sammy Davis Jr. / Nehru jacket look complete with love bead , platform shoe , ring on almost every finger , and a head full of curly , Mr. brady of the brady bunch , hair . Ed and Frank do a elaborate soul handshake . ed Frank , we miss you last night at the fondue party . frank could not make it . I go to see Village people . they be a stone soul gas , man . ed Far out . I can dig it . frank so , what do we have here ? ed one dead disco dancer . 26 . . 83e angle - body on floor 83z Frank kneel , pull back the sheet . it 's a JOHN travolta look -alike , dress in the white '' Saturday night fever " outfit . frank '' : bummer .. what a mindbender . Frank stand up . ed we think it be some sort of love triange . . : ( motion off ) this be the suspect 's girl friend , Tanya Peters ... Frank turn , come face to face with Tanya . he take out a.pack of cigarettes , offer she one . . frank cigarette ? tanya yes , I know . frank well ... we will need a statement from you down at the station . ( call ) : nordberg ! nordberg ( 0.s. ) come , Lieutenant . 83f angle - nordberg - 83f struggle to get through the door . he 's jimi hendrix : funky hip : vest , feather , headband , platform shoe , a and a big afro ... truly the large in history . huge . * whoa , big time huge . it 's like he 's wear a car- wash brush on he head . after a couple of try , nordberg jam himself through the door . shimmer dissolve to : 83 '' resume - franks house . 330 ed a I do remember . 2 ( turn to nordberg ) . / 8 you be one of the first test case for minoxidil , be not you ? ( continued ) 27 . 83g continued : a 83g Frank stand . frank well , I be glad I could be of . some help . now , if you do not mind , I be just about to put a rump of lamb in the oven . nordberg Frank , we need to ask you a favor . prank ah ... it 's not a big rump roast , nordberg . ed no , not that , Frank ... we need you to go undercover today at the clinic ... . frank whoa ! wait a minute . I have give up police work . no , you be whistling up the wrong neck of the wood , Ed . ed I would not ask , but we be ina bind , Frank . . : frank what about that two new guy , hedge and 0 's malley ? ed they be in Hawaii ... together . I really can not . Jane and I have to this very special evening plan . nordberg tt will only take a couple of hour . you 'il be home in plenty of time to make dinner . frank ( doubting ) I do not know ... I have have to make pork chop ... ( continued ) 83g 84 28 . continued : ( 2 ) 0 836 =d Frank , think of all the crime out there . nobody 's safe . you would be protect Jane , and all the Jane 's of the world ... besides , you have not shot anyone for six month . , frank that 's true . funny how you miss the little thing . : ( ponder a beat ) all right . 2°11 do it !... rt might be good to feel that cold , hard steel against my thigh again . the thrill of the chase . to be a man . I can be ready in ten minute . now , if you x11 excuse I , I have sweater soaking in the tub . tight on frank - day 84 Frank 's drive . frank ( v.0 . ) later that day , I set out for the karlson Clinic . in any police undercover operation , it !s important ... Frank slam on the brake , suddenly panicked . frank ( v.0 . ) ( cont have ) do I turn off the iron ...? ponder a moment , then continue drive . prank ( v.0 . ) ( cont no ) '' + + it 's important to have a fool - proof disguise . and this operation be no different . ext . clinic - later same day 85 a big sign in front of the sprawling building tell we this be " the karlson clinic " . Frank pull up , . hit a parking meter . coin fly all over . bounce on he heed . ext . frank 's car 66 Frank step out of the car . ( continued ) 86 87 88 29 . continued : : 86 frank ( v.0 . ) T have no idea if Tanya would still recognize I but I slip on a pair of fake glass just in case . - : as he walk , he put he arm in a fake sling , ' place a pair of glass on he face . : . to int . clinic - moment later 87 Frank enter , head for the reception desk . angle - reception desk : 88 prank approach the nurse on duty . frank I have like to see a doctor , please . nurse sign in here . do you have a appointment , mr...? prank uh , amundson ... and no , ff. do not . she indicate a take - a- number machine . Frank do not gee it . : nurse take a number . frank abbh ... six . nurse what ? prank be six take ? do it have to be between one and ten ? the nurse reach over , rip a number out of the dispenser , hand it to Frank . it 's number " 17 " . nurse you 'il be call . Frank sit down , pick up a magazine , page through , " weekly World News " headline read : " clinton host jpk at camp david . " a ( continued ) se 30 . voice Mr. amundson ? Frank look up . recognition . it 's the gorgeous tanya peter . . . tanya ( cont no ) Sir , we have just have a cancellation . we can take you now . ( call 0.3 . ) Dr. kohlzak . dr . kohlzak , a middle - age woman , approach , motion to Frank . : dr . kohlzak this way . Frank follow she off , Tanya watch after they with a " maybe he lock familiar * expression . as they disappear , we see the sign : " karlson sperm bank and fertility clinic " . . another angle Frank and Dr. kohlzak walk along . she glance at she file as they go . . m S 4 dr . kohlzak when do you first notice the problem ? . frank ( hold he arm ) . in the back yard with my uncle . dr . kohlzak in the back yard with you uncle ? prank yes . when he come over to visit , we like to go in the back yard and throw it around for awhile . Dr. kohlzak stop . she 's leery of this guy , look at he for the first time . dr . kohlzak and , what do you and you uncle find out ? — - frank = could not keep up with he . ( more ) ( continued ) 89 _ continued : 31 . 89 frank ( cont would ) mine hurt . especially on the long one , can not seem to straighten it out . no feel in it . kind of numb . . . _ Frank see 'a curious sign on the wall which read : specimen extraction room 1 - 10 . ' Dr. kohlzak stand by room 7 , motion to the door . dr . kohlzak t£ you would . she hand Frank a cup . for what ? dr . koblzak a sperm count . Frank see the clinic sign for the first time , wonder what he 's get himself into . frank ( indicate the room ) in here ? be dr . kohlzak it 's not exactly the back yard , but it 'il do . frank yes , of course . well ... he enter the room . a second pass . we hear from inside the room : frank ( 0.s. ) oooh , yessssss ! yaaaaessess ! aw. maman ! whew . Frank exit the room as fast as he enter . he lean up against the docr , exhaust , smoke a cigarette . his hair 's muss , glass crooked , tie askew . he hand she he specimen cup . . dr . kohlzak follow I and we will do the necessary paper work . she walk off . Frank pull himself together , follow . fev. io / @ - bufé 32 . 90 angle - reception desk , 50 Tanya 's talk to a patient . Frank move closer , try to eavesdrop . just then , the " take a number " board click to # 17 " , dr . robert , older , gruff , see the number on the wall and the number Frank carry ... yup , they be the same . dr . robert this way , please . frank what ? she take he number . dr . robert number seventeen . frank no . dr . robert ( irritate ) this be seventeen . you be next . 91 angle - tanya 91 the commotion have draw she attention . tanya a problem ? , frank no . not at ali . he do look familiar . tanya have I meet before ? not a line of question Frank want to get into ... it could blow he cover . he shield he face as he speak . : . if you will excuse I , I be next . Dr. Roberts hand he a cup as they step away from the desk . dr . robert room four . , frank Seven seem to be lucky for I . he enter room 7 , rev. 10 / '' - buff , 92 93 94 95 angle - wall clock a half hour pass . angle - room seven Dr. Roberts knock on the door , call out to Frank . . dr . robert six ? how be we do ? Frank peek out . frank I have be busy , if that 's what you mean . dr . robert would you like a video tape to assist you ? frank do you have " dance with wolf " ? " rocketeer " ? " Lady and the tramp " ? dr . robert a adult movie . she hand he a video , " major hooters *. frank ah , I see . well ... Frank disappear back into the room . angle - wall clock five minute have pass .. angle - room seven 33. Dr. Roberts . wait . Frank exit , hand she six - cup . he 's beat . frank the tape be very entertaining . dr . robert follow I ... frank do you have " spartacus " ? they exit . 92 93 94 95 ee + + Rev. 95a 95b 95 '' 95d 11 /3 - yellow angle - reception desk 952 Dr. Roberts leave Frank off and exit . Frank look around . no one 's in sight . he stealthily open the file cabinet mark " personnel " . he rifle through , look for Tanya 's file . angle - file , 958 as prank paw through they , we see they label tabs : '' Amelia barhardt " , " Kennedy assassination 's , " location of hoffa 's body '' , " niss eighteen Minutes of watergate tape " , " photo of heidi fleiss with a lot of celebrity " . finally , he come across one mark '' Tanya Peter 's Home address " . resume - frank , 95 c Frank look around for something to write with . see a open purse beneath the counter . pull out a handker - chief -- white with a blue border -~ and a tube of lipstick . he begin copying down Tanya 's address . p.a. ammnouncement ( v.0 . ) you attention , please . thia be Security . there be a mercede on fire in the doctor 's parking lot . a herd of white - coat doctor trample by in a rush to get outside . Frank act casual , then look down at what he 's write . : insert - handkerchief 95d scrawle on there in lipstick : " Tanya <= rd2 214093 honeymoon Bay Road Northeast " 33A . * '' Rev. 11 96 96a /3 - yellow wt angle - tanya 96 walk toward the desk , see Frank . tanta what be you do ? Frank stuffa the hanky into he pocket . frank just ... freshen up . : he quickly start apply lipstick to himself . she 's not buy this . prank ( cont would ) you know , it 's not true what they say about , you know , that you do not have to look you best . . tanya ( 0.8 . ) wait a minute ... I think I remember you ... Frank spot a specimen cup on the counter , grab for it . frank ( cont would ) , ah , here it be ... back to work ! he quickly exit , wiping the lipstick off hie mouth as he x go . Tanya look after he , curious about he behavior , track with frank 96a he have to get away from Tanya , head down the hall . he look at the cup ... he can not possibly do thie again . in b.g. , Tanya 's still watch he . Frank rip open the first door he come to . voice ( 0.8 . ) {from inside room ) get.. , out ...of ... here ! Frank slam the door , embarrassed . now Tanya 's head toward he . Frank quickly jump into room 7 . inatantly we hear moaning . Tanya knock on the door . taya ( concerned ) be you okay in there ? frank ( 0.s. ) uh ... I could ase a little help ! pinya beckon 0.8 , 2 domiwatrix enter , draseed in lot of ack rubber , carry . a whip. she disappear into room 7 . we hear the crack op a whip . '' pre frank ( 0.8 . ) whoa , momma ! rey. 10 / 9 - butt . aan 97 98 int . clinic hall - later 97 Frank 's sit in wheelchair . he 's jello , limp , a sweaty , waste heap . he hold he specimen cup with tremble hand . a male nurse be wheeling he to reception . ~ angle ~ reception desk . 98 . the male nurse pick up a form . male nurse I can not . believe you have not fill out a admittance form . you name and address , please ? Frank try but can not speak . : frank ffffff ... fffran ... ane day catch up with he . Frank 's head droops . he nod ike rev. i0 |8 - lauff 99 omit & 100 99 & 100 35.7 Rev. 11/09 - buff 36 . 100a ext . frank and jane's house - night , 100a % 101 102 Frank 's car pull into the driveway , the headlight go off . int . frank and jane's live room - later that night 101 Frank enter , minus glass ang sling . he can barely walk thanks to he afternoon activity . his right wrist be bandage heavily ( and thumb and forefinger ) . he start a slow , painful walk into the ztoom . '' chance be * by johnny mathis waft from the stereo speaker , jane ( 0.8 . ) Frank . I have be think about you all afternoon . Frank 's eye widen . angle - jane 102 drop the robe she 's wear , revealing she nightgown . jane ( sexy ) I be wear the nightgown you buy I for we honeymoon . ring of tiny light whirl around she breast . lighted arrow twinkle off and on , point to the area just below she belt line . she give Frank 4 big hug and a sexy kiss . in b.g. we see a candlelight dinner for two have be laid out . jane . , tonight be go to be 4 special night . I be go to make love to you for hour and hour . would not Mr. happy like that ? Frank can imagine the pain . frank hour ? ( continued ) 102 37 . continued : : 102 jane . dust like we do we first time together . I have put the. defribulator beside the bed ... just in case . she nibble he ear , playfully stretch the earlobe . Frank like this , but ... . : frank Jane ... why do not I get ready and soak in a tub for a faw day ..? she let he 's earlobe go . it snap back . jane oh , you be so cute ! let I get the clam / oyster . Jane exit . now we see the back of she nightgown : a light bull 's eye target flicker on she behind . Frank take the champagne out of the ice bucket , pour the ice onto the couch , sit on the ice . he 's hope it will bring on soothing numbness . he pour the chill champagne down the front of he pants . steam rise up . Jane reenter seductively with a tray of fresh clam / oyster . she set it down , start umbuttone Frank 's 's shirt . jane ( cont would ) here , I '11 shave you back like last time ... frank ( try to stop she ) Jane ... I be not ready to ... too late . his shirt 's off . Jane see he back be cover with red lash mark . jane Frank ! what 's this ? prank uh , I fall ... on a rake . jane ( angry ) you be lie ! now I know why Ed have be call every half hour . you have be work on a case , have not you ? ( continued ) 102 103 38 . continued : ( 2 ) eo 102 frank no , no ! I swear , it 's another woman ! : jane in you wildest dream ! it be not . enough you will not have a baby . but , I warn you what would happen if you go back to Police squad , you ... you white anglo male ! she stomp into bedroom , slam the door . angle - prank : . ~ 103 he cross to bedroom . frank Jane , it be nothing . I be just do Ed a small favor ... Jane exit the bedroom . in a split second she have get out of the nightgown and into a dress . and , she 's carry two full suitcase . Frank can not understand how this could happen . jane . I 'o leave , Frank . ! _ frank be not you be a little hasty ? jane I do not think so . the doorbell ring . jane ( cont would ) that should be the cab . if you need to , you can reach I at Louise 's . Frank be overwhelm by the speed with which this happen . jane ( cont have ) oh , Frank ... how could you ? she break down . Frank pull a handkerchief from he pocket -- a white one , with blue border -- and hand it to Jane . she dab at she eye . ( continued ) 39 . : 103 continued : a we 103 jane ( cont would ) we need some time apart to think about we . prank grab she , pull she close , frank ( tough guy ) well , I be not go to think . why should I start now ? I love you . leok , baby , I be what I be and I do what I do . a few guy make shoelace , other lay sod , some make a good live neuter animal . I 'ma cop . jane / pretty speech , Frank . but my mind be make up . I be leave . . frank alright . but take this with you . he kiss she big time . 104 angle - jane 's peet 104 her toe curl up in she shoe . 105 angle - frank and jane ~ . 105 he leok into she eye . prank T guess you know how my lip feel about thing . Jane exit , give she bag to the taxi driver who have be wait . Frank watch she go ... he 's lose the only love of he life . : . 106 . ext . louise 's house - next morning 106 Louise cross back and forth , pull stuff out of the garage , pack it into she convertible . Jane 's help . it 's right out of " thelma and Louise " . Jane be toss down guip from a bottle . ( continued ) 40 . 106 continued : 1loé ( bitter ) he promise I he would not go back to police work . but , once . a cop , always acop . he 's marry to he work , not not . ' louise . that 's the way it be with then . you will always come in second . there 's a great article in cosmo this month , * why all Men be Pigs " , you should read it . , jane Frank 's just another word for '' lizard " , as far as I be concerned . I never want to see he again . for * want to get as far away from this town * as possible . * louise we will head up to my friend 's cabin . it 's up by the smelting plant . the fresh air will do you good , ( pause ) Jane , go easy . that 's second hettle of chanel . . jane Louise , you ’ré witness the beginning of the new Jane Spencer - drebin . no more little miss perky , who devote she life to one man . I be out to find the new I . and , you know what ? ( a earth shatter statement ) . I be not even go to set my hair tomorrow ! they get into the car . jane ( cont have ) let 's burn rubber . ( pause ) T hope I be not inconvenience you . louise you win my case . this be the least I can do . Louise hit the taxi meter install in she car . it start clicking off as Louise back down the driveway . ( continued ) 106 107 108 108a 41 . continued : ( 2 ) 106 jane you do not forget anything , do you ? * . louise hope not . they drive off . angle - louise 's car 107 a washer and dryer , big screen tv , steamer trunk , water skis , and a moose head ... place in or strapped to the ear . int . police squad - Day . . 108 usual busy scene . Frank enter . he carry a plate cover with aluminum foil . track with frank : : 108a we hear snippet of phone conversation from various cop as Frank pass they desk . cop # 1 i ++. now - calm down , mar ’am , how many * body do you find in you pool ? * Frank leok wistfully at the cop . cop # 2 + + + no , sir , in this state kill * a gang member be only a eighteen * dollar fine . just mail in in . * Frank clenches he fist -- wince with desire . cop # 3 '' + . just as he be startin’ to * jaywalk , I let he have it with a my .44 . Three shot to the ae midsection . * Frank bite he knuckle . he really miss this action . bd see he . wave he over . . ed hey , Frank ! glad you could make it ! nordberg cross to prank , as do all the Police squader . greeting from everyone . ( continued ) 106 a 109 . 109 a 42 . continued : - . losa nordberg welcome ! ' Frank , do you happen to ' find that , address ? '' , I write it down on a handkerchief : * and now I can not remember what I do age with it . I guess I be a little rusty . oe everyone offer placation . frank ( cont would ) oh , I bring you some of my '' Frank 's * never fail fudge " . he hand the plate to nordberg . * : nordberg smell great . * prank go ahead about you business . I will stay out of you hair . take out a bottle of pledge . start to dust off a desk top . empty ashtray . now he 's use a dustbuster to * suck up the old cigarette butt . * angle - ed and nordberg . 109 Exchange a '' poor bastard " look . Ed want to help he friend . ed Frank , we have a little surprise for you . Ed motion to nordberg who reach up , grab a robe , atid give it a yank . Frank lock up . angle - wall 109a : a cloth fall away . hanging just below the ceiling be Frank 's green suit , include shirt , tie , and black shoe . a oversize badge be pin to the lapel . written on the wall above the suit be the name " drebin " . ed ( v.0 . ) it 's in honor of you thirty year on the force . applause from the squader . , ( continued ) 109 a 1098 109c 43 . continued : losa in b.g. , we see other retire uniform hang next to Frank 's : a trenchcoat label " '' ness * and a western outfit tag " earp " . and a frilly pink ev mark " hoover *. ven sow omitted | . 1098 resume - frank 109 c a wistful smile . . prank thanks , guy . ' nordberg 7 * we think it might cheer you up . frank you have hear about Jane and I ? nordberg only that she leave you for good and will never be back . ed ( chastise ) nordberg ! ( sigh ) Jane , Jane ... that name will always remind I of she . ed ( sympathetically ) prank ... I feel really bad about all this . if there 's anything you need ... nordberg like Dr. kevorkian 's home phone we number . 2 ' Ed hold up a rubber ball . ed nordberg ... he throw the ball . nordberg go after it like a puppy . Ted Olsen enter . hi , Ted . ted Nice to see you , Frank . they cross to Ted 's table . | . laa reta ere 1 44 . 109c . continued : '' peet. 1os¢ ed . what have you get on the bomb , . Ted ? - well , the explosive itself be avery fine powder ... . Frank look at the table . several pile of powder . Frank dip he finger in one . tastes it . tastes like ... ted that would be fertilizer , Frank . it 's for another case . this be what I be talk about . we detect a high quantity of nitroglycerin , frank can you tell we where it come from ? be glad to ... turn off light , turn on a slide projector . '' ted ( conta ) billion of year ago , the Zarth be a molten mass . as it cool , a colorless , odorless , tasteless gas ... frank Ted , I mean the powder ... ted oh ! we have not get a clue about that , Frank . Ted turn the light back on . all the furniture have 's ' be rearrange . there 's a different view out the window , '' ted ( cont have ) however , we find a detailed list of the bomber 's plan at the scene . on a hunch , we analyze the paper . ed you get something ? ( continued ) 45 . . 109c continued : ( 2 ) ot lose ted : yes . the paper come from statesville prison . Frank and Ed exchange look . be you sure ? ted positive . we analyze the wood fiber in the paper and find they to be from the rare canary Island pine which grow only in Oregon . contact several paper mill in that area lead we to a distribution center in Tacoma . from there , we follow the paper through a chain of stationery supply store . but , unfortunately , that 's where the trail end . ' frank ( confuse ) so , then how would you trace it to statesville prison ? Ted hand the sheet of Paper to frahk . ted it 's right here on the letterhead , Frank . , nordberg come back , bounce the rubber ball . ted ( cont no ) after compare handwrite sample with every know bomber currently do a stretch in statesville , we come up with a suspect -- rocco dillon . prank he must be mastermind the bombing from inside the prison . a nordberg we will ask he . ( continued ) . l1osc continued : 46 . q ) osc frank he will never fall for that one , nordberg . =d . Frank 's right . we 'll. have to send ' someone into statesville prison . ( think to himself ) -«- someone smart , crafty and oblivious to danger . someone who 's be on the force for a good twenty year . nordberg someone who 's just split up with he wife and have absolutely nothing to live for ... ed ( chastise ) nordberg ! go deep . nordberg run 0.s. Ed produce a football from somewhere , throw it after he . frank no , Ed , nordberg 's right . Jane 's go . my life be over . 1°11 do it . . " ~ _ed ( shocked ) Frank ? I could not . I would not feel right about it . r#£ rocco find out you be a cop , you might end up dead . : frank '' you might end up dead® be my middle name . ed what about Jane ? frank I do not know she middle name . but , I need the action , Ed . I be go inside the big house ! 0.8. we hear a car alarm . ted oh , you might want to see this ... { continued ) 109c 110 111 112 113 114 115 117 : Los 47 . continued : ( 4 ) gate lose they cross to a window . Ted point outside . everybody look . : : . ted ( cont have ) we be testing out a anti-car jack device ... : omitted 110 ext . STREET - same time 111 a mask carjacker , gun in hand , be try to pull a woman out of she mercede . immediately a claw on the end of a metal arm spring up from under the car frame . it clamp smack onto the carjacker 's genital . he howl in pain . the woman drive off , leave the device attach to the punk . . ted ( 0.8 . ) we call it the Denver jockstrap . back to - police squad 112 everybody wince with a " ooch , that hurt " look . " ext . statesville prison - day ( matte shot ) 113 prank ( v.0 . ) it be not long before I be inside the cold grey wall of statesville prison . ext . prison yard - day 114 Frank and the other be lead through the yard . con linger around . we see Black gang , chicano gang , White gang , and a gang of prison hassidic Jews . | frank ( v.0 . ) T be surround by pimp , rapist , and murderer . it be like sit in the stand at a Los Angeles raider game . omitted 115 117 118 119 119a 1158 120 121 122 48. _ angle - con : / 118 Weight lift shoot basket '' be push on swing by other con , dress in white and lawn bowl , shot - put , high jump , and finally , a pole vaulter clear the prison fence . vo . prank 's group be lead into the prison . int . cell block - night 119 . his Guard escort draga Frank through the corridor on the way to he cell . tough look guy all around . a con light a match on he own face . a " lifer * scrape a oil ] soak rag torch on he face ... it ignites instantly . one of the cella we pass have a lion init . a white - face mime look out through pretend bar , do all sort of miming bullshit . frank ( v.0 . ) rocco dillon be the toughest guy dn the joint . figure the best way to make a impression be to be badder and tougher . ' angle - big hairy con 119a the kind of guy you would find in a turkish prison . he 's hold a mirror up to he bar , watch Frank be lead to he cell . he like what he see ... a lot . omitted * 1193 through 120 angle - cell 121 the guard stop , unlock it . Frank 's throw inside , angle - inside cell 122 the door slam shut . Frank grab a tin cup , rush forward , rake it across the metal bar , holler : frank ai not a prison yet that can hold meet atticai attica ! power to the Brothers ! kill whitey ! a hand spin he around roughly . he 's face to face with rocco . rocco give he a look . : ( continued ) + 49 , 122 _ conrinuzp : '' ong bde . 122 . rocco hey , you be chirpin’ awfully loud for , a new canary . '' / > . oh , yeah ? keep flashin’ the big eye * and I ’711 personally balance and rotate you jaw . oo 123 angle - tyrone 123 rocco 's bodyguard , a huge black guy with massive arm , slide off he bunk , approach Frank , dwarf he . tyrone you know who you 's be talk to ? frank yeah ... tweedle dum and tweedle dumber . tyrone the man. be rocco dillon . he 's one tough egg . frank T have make omelettes out pt tougher egg than he . a close look by rocco reveal Frank have no prison number . ~ rocco where 's you prison number ? prank it 's unlist . just call not Nick '' the slasher * " magirk ... Jr. rocco still be not buy this . frane ( cont have ) the third ... '' kill the first two rocco look , ham head , I be the muscle in this pen . just stay out of my way . because if you do not , zi will rip you up and feed you to tyrone , here . piece by piece . prank well , somebody wake up on the wrong side of the bed today . ( continued ) '' 123 124 : 50 . ~ continued : rocco look at he , perplex . tyrone better watch you step , magizk . take it from I , this place change a@ man . . prank oh , yeah ? in what way ? tyrone ( aside , confide ) zi use to be white . ( pause ) : T be the drummer for the osmond . rocco screw with I , he will make you feel pain like you have never feel before . frank I know ... I remember the osmond . 9.s. the voice of the Guards be hear ' yell , " light out ! i " light snap off , cell door clang shut . '' rocco ' better hit the rack , magirk . prank in a minute . first , I gotta make a list of people I and gonna kill in the next couple of day . recco and tyrone give Frank a look , then hit they bunk . Frank move over to a toll top desk , snap on a little Tiffany lamp , sit down with pen and paper and begin to write . frank ( v.0 . ) my dearest snookie wookum ... I have hate to let anything come between we . I love you . I want you so much . it long for you touch . 1°11 do anything you want ... - he look at what he write . decide it will never change Jane 's mind . ccrumple it up , toss it behind he . 123 angle - letter 124 bounce through the bar into the corridor . a pass guard unwittingly kick it into : 125 126 127 128 129 - angle - bairy con 's cell . 51 . rs 125 the letter roll in , stop at hairy con 's foot . he unball it , read . a smile cross he face . he hold he mirror up to the bar . fe angle - hairy con 's Pov - through mirror 126 a lonely , mopey Frank lie on he bunk . resume - hairy con 127 can not wait to get together with Frank . he spritzes breath freshener into he mouth , follow by lysol . then he gargle cologne and scrub he tooth with a toilet brush . int . prison shower - next morning 128 heavy steam swirl around the shower floor like coastal fog . con , include rocco and Frank , lather up . a . s0ap - on-a-rope hang on Frank 's soap rack . also , lot of creams and hair product . Frank be hum , " you must have be a beautiful baby " . he 's have a great time . angle - hairy con -. * 129 give prank the love eye . he want Frank ... and now . he sidle up to he . rocco , finish he shower , watch . hairy con Nice leg . prank be Mr. naivete . frank why , thank you . I try to stay active . walk , ride a bike . hairy con beautiful blue eye . frank I think the lighting in here . . '' set they off . they be not veally this deep blue . hairy con Nice , smooth , white skin . ( continued ) 129 130 131 132 _ angle - frank : '' aga 's we 52 . continued : ~~ ee 129 frank . I do not over - do the sun . - 1 use this new cream . : he grab a tube from he soap tray . frank ( cont no ) - here , let I rub some all over you back for you . . he do . the hairy con be get off on Frank 's touch . his back be a gigantic fur ball . in fact , it 's xidiculously hairy . : frank ( cont 's 4 ) osook . you could use a wax job . prank finish , turn he around . frank ( cont no ) now , stay out of that nasty old ... ( playfully tap hairy con 's nose ) ++. Mr. sol. the hairy con drop he soap . the room go silent . it 's &.f. hutton ... even the water stop . all eye on y sn angle - rocco . . 130 watch closely . hairy con pick that up for I , will you , lover ? no problem . he bend over . the steam have disperse , revealing prank 's wear what look like metal diaper , with a big lock on then . hairy con ia vastly disappointed . angle - rocco 132 . emmmm ... magirk be one smart cookie . % 54 . 134 - continued : 134 chaplain obla dee . con . ain unison ) - obla da . chaplain life go on . con {in unison ) bra . chaplain amen . everyone sit , begin eat . 135 angle - rocco and tyrone 135 speak in hushed tone . Frank 's 's eavesdropp . , rocco tyrone , I get the plan here . tt 's just you and I . tyrone and burnett want in , too . rocco ( surprised ) burnett 's one of the guard ! tyrone I know . but he 's unhappy here . rocco ( gritting he tooth , sotto ) geez ! he 's a goddam Guard for chrissake ! tyrone hey , I be not wild about he either , but it 's too late rocco alright , alright ... whatever . I get it all work out here ... a ( continued ) woe do not 4 steer buse ore , butter cheeke , '' what 's special about 'a little letter 's why cleok at paper ) . wait a maute ! a : ( to. 7 eiate reas siicic 137 138 139 the quard '' start back . hat , fling it : away , then ) the go after Frank , tyrone jump the hell break icose . zea a '' aajor '' beee - fee -eil , anaum - trp go at ae with the Guard . '' rocco ! 's fighetog and Frank can not get gaught with the plan ; . begins tear : the first page into to piece , stuff it inte hig sou Frank be shocked to see ere be £ 2a king . the plan ' from he hand , ' ss be the plan ? : ne bas no no. choise . e be gather thea a 1 . then , acampe table . 148a 1463 14 tal in prison gach be wrestle . a 2 they clothes be tear off = : muno wrest . angle - riot .- : headbute a guard . turn , headbutta another guard we 'a ona roll . spin around ... acoidentally a i-bean . huge . clank tyrone t fladehing up the. isi. out oe bee the rioting con . 58 . 149 continued : 149 rocco ( comr ’d ) I have be in solitary right now if ya have not do that . but , I think they get tyrone ... : 0 they look out from under the table . 150 angle - tyrone - pov 150 two guard have he by the arm , be drag he through the riot . ' they pass a gaggle of reporter who thrust a '' 4 dozen microphone in he face . .* tyrone {into micu ) can not ... can not we all just get along ? Guards drag he off . 150a resume - frank and rocco 150 a rocco listen , I have be watchin’ you , magirk . you handle yourself really good . frank . ocorrect he ) | really well . ' rocco yeah , whatever . look , I get something big comin’ up on the outside . somethin’ real big . I could use someone like you in my gang . prank you get a dental plan ? rocco pull coverage . frank my appetite 's all wet . what 's the caper ? rocco firat , we gotta bust . out of this playpen . thanks to you , we still have we escape plan ! let 's have it . Frank guip . a burp . confetti spray from he mouth . rocco ( cont have ) it 's a good plant ( continued ) % 150a mo ! 2151 152 rno 153 ro 154 59 . - continued : .. board ! fer 150a frank . ah , I have have better . soe ( small burp ) listen , I get a better plan , ext . eonky - tonk bar - night - ~~ 151. just off the main highway . a huge neon sign light up the place . . * angle - bar door _ 452 music can be hear through the wall , voice raise in song : " 100 bottle of beer on the Wall . " : Jane push through the door , tear in she eye . a huge billow of smoke follow she cut . as she stand there , gag , Louise lean out the door . / louise hey , where be you go ? you be not think of Frank again , be you ? . the voice inside have reach " 87 bottle of beer on the Wall " . Jane point back into the bar . jane i ( émotional ) they be play we song . x Jane exit . Louise nod to herself . louise ( total sympathy ) I understand ... Louise duck back into the bar . angle - jane 183 head toward a phone booth near the edge of the highway . in b.g. we see Louise 's convertible sit in the parking let . all they belonging be there . people be pick through they . Jane reach the phone booth , be about to enter . she stop . suddenly gasp . fron around the corner step ... angle - greasy trucker - jane 's Pov ( music sting ) 154 he 's right up in she face . wearing a baseball cap with woman 's breast on the crown and dark glass that have woman 's leg as ear piece wrap around he face . I mimeo 60 . 154 154 | jane Excuse I ... she move to go around he , he block she . trucker . I be jack a load of crowbar . down to Big d.. what do you gay about comin’ with I ? jane no , thank you . trucker then , how about a kiss ? jane no . . trucker I ak now when a woman say no she really mean yes . now , how about that kiss ? . _ jane ( think a beat ) - + , yes . . '' trucker . ( angry ) what do you mean no ?! ns he grab she . trucker ( cont have ) T know you type . you marry a man because he 's perfect . then you want to change he . the guy sacrifice everything -- he career , he life -- to give you what you want . then when he slip up , you run cut . and you end up with a tattooe , hard - drink , drugge - out slimeball like I . I have see it a thousand time . he angle in for a kiss . Jane fight off he attempt . trucker ( cont have ) come on , baby , we be two of a kind . Jane reach into she purse , pull out a can of mace , spray the bejesus out of hin . trucker ( cont have ) e awewnnnr ! 154 155 156 ~ continued : ( 2 ) 61 . 154 Jane pull a tazer gun que of she purse , give he a shot . . .. trucker ( cont no ) yeaaaaaah ! — . dane attaches two of that clip - on clothespin to he nipple . . trucker ( cont have ) . yeeowww ! . the trucker stumble around , stagger out onto the highway . a big semi 's head toward he . Jane call : out a warning . jane look out ! trucker look up . angle - trucker 's Pov 155 the semi 's almost on he . angle - jane '' t 156 0.8. a huge thunk . Jane do a Tom landry wince , bury she face in she hand . the trucker bedy ( a dummy ) go fly by . she do not see it ... when she look back at the road , the trucker be go . Louise run up to she . louise you kill he ! my God ! jane tt be ... a accident ... we have to call the police . she start for the phone booth . Louise grab she dex , spin she around , shake she violently . louise Jane , come to you sense ! you kill a man ! you be a hero : to every woman in this country ! she stop shaking Jane . Jane 's hair have now change into another hair -do . ( continued ) to 62 . 156 .. continued : oe 186 * jane we have to call Frank . Frank will protect we . Louise shake she again . another hair - do . louise Frank be aman ! he will see you be lock away for the rest of you life ! she shake Jane again ... another hair - do . one more shake , and Jane 's hair be back to normal . . louise ( cont have ) Jane , I want to join you . to help you kill as many man as possible ! Jane pull away from Louise . jane Louise , I think you need professional _ help . : she turn away , go into the phone bocth begin dial . * . louise : of course ! why do not 2 's think of that ? we will hire mercenary ... * Louise exit . camera push in to reveal Jane intently * listen to the phone ringing cn the other end . . jane {to herself ) be home , Frank . please . answer the phone , snuggie pants . frank ( v.0 . ) bi. jane _ , Frank ! her euphoria be short live . it 's the answer machine . frank ( v.0 . ) this be the home of Jane Spencer - drebin and she husband . if you want Jane , press one . if you want Frank , press two . if you want Jane and Frank , press three . if you do not want either , press four . ( more ) , ( continued ) 156 157 158 159 159a cs 63 . continued : '' ( 2 ) * 156 frank ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) if this be a obscene call , press five if it 's for Jane , and six if it 's for Frank . wait for the ... . ' beep sound . during Frank 's v.0. , we see the trucker get to he foot in the beg . he shake himself out . he 's face to face with Louise . he begin to manhandie she . she pound he shoulder and chest with she fist . but , finally , she succumb to he manly charm . he scoops she into he arm , and carry she off , jane prank , it 's Jane . I miss you . frank ( v.0 . ) you do not press anything . so , goodbye . phone click off . Jane hang up . she 's so sad . ghe start to cry , pull out a handkerchief , go to blow she nose , stop . she look at the handkerchief . omitted 157 insert - handkerchief : 158 White with a blue border .c7 it 's the hanky Frank write the address on with lipstick . angle - jane 1s9 jane ( to herself ) . prank be tell the truth ... rt wag another woman . ( suddenly angry ) Frank ! ooh ! ee ext . louise 's car , 1 s9a° now minus they belonging , roll by . the trucker 's 's behind the wheel . he 's get he arm around Louise 's shoulder , she head 's on he shoulder . a card across the trunk read : '' Vegas or bust ! '' they peel cut of the parking lot , slinging a ton of gravel into the air . they 's be obviously ditching Jane . thee ee rev . 11/03 - pink 64 . 160 int . frank and rocco 's cell - day 1 é rocco lie on he bunk , read a book . Frank , wear '' 1957 milwaukee brave hat , throw a baseball against the wall , catch it in a glove ( a la '' the great escape " ) . frank ( v.0 . ) we settle on a plan to dig a tunnel ... a Guard walk by , look in the cell , walk on . Frank throw down the glove , push aside the bunk . a hole have be carve in the wall . f. grab a spoon from he pillowcase , hand it to rocco , and they climb through the hole into : 162 angle - tunel 161 well underway . the small hole in the wa 11 lead into a old beam west type mine shaft , with thick wooden support . 161a omitted ofa ten 161d 162 ext . prison yard . ball field - Day 162 ' Frank 's 's wearing a baseball glove . his pants be obviously full of dirt . frank ( v.0 . ) dispose of the dirt be a problem I solve early in the construction . 163 angle - home plate 163 prank take a practice cut with he b at . 163 163a 163b 164 165 166 ~ continued : '' 9650 se 163 reaches into he pocket , pull a string . dirt come out he pants leg ( a la '' the great escape " ) , pour all over the plate . . . . | the umpire , a guard in a chest protector , sweep off the plate with he little broom . he turn , head back behind the catcher , suddenly stop , look quizzically at ; a insert - plate 163a°° * cover with dirt again . + angle - umpire . , 163b '' baffle , but dutifully bend down and sweep off the * dirty plate again . * int . frank 's cell - night 164 frank ( v.0 . ) we keep digging . at night , @ummy give the screw the impression we be still in we cell . | two freshly make dummy take the piace of Frank and recco . the pose on the dummy be reminiscent of department store mannequin ... point off into the distance , kneel , always smile . Frank 's dumay have a jacket throw jjauntily over its shoulder . angle - guard . 168 walk by they cell . everything 's in order ... until Frank 's dummy lose a leg . guard you better check into the infirmary tomorrow , magirk . Guard walk on . int . mess hall - day loe 166 prank ( v.0 . ) there be more dirt than I anticipate . dispose of it be become tricky business . ( continued ) zg a 166 167 168 169 170 171 171a 1718 + continued : ' pinger the ball , look in {up ) at home plate . 66 . we L es ae 166 Frank 's behind the counter . he 's spoon dirt into the con 's plate . a con look at it puzzle . we see he coffee cup and water glass hold dirt . angle - mess table ... the 167 con 's eat dirt . one hard bitten con have a mud-cake face . he 's sopping up remain dirt from he plate with bread . int . behind mess line . 168 Frank ladle dirt into a tupperware bowl . put the lid on . open the refrigerator . it 's fill , even the freezer , with tupperware cramme with dirt . int . frank and rocco 's cell - day 169 prank grab a book from he shelf . lay on he bunk . angle - bunk 170 a pile of dirt . but sculpt , pillow and all , like a sand sculpture . rarr ext . prison yard - ball field - day 171 tight on Frank -- up to bat . widen to reveal dirt pour out of Frank 's pant leg . he 's do he best to casually tamp it down with he foot . : the area around home plate be now about five foot taller . angle - pitcher angle - runner on third have a huge lead , halfway down the baseline . the pitcher start to wind . the runner break for home . Frank 's wave he in . the runner slide headlong -- lead with he outstretch arm . he torpedoe into the mound of dirt which be now home plate . half of he disappear . rev. 11/03 - pink 67 , 171c angle - umpire 1i71c look down at the torso and leg stick out of the mound of dirt . . umpire safell : prank pick himself up off the ground , look around , wonder what the hell just happen . sfx over : the blast of a diesel truck 's AIR horn . 175 ext . highway - day 175 a huge semi be fly towards we down the road . music over : " six day on the road " . 176 angle - inside semi ( music continue over ) 176 it 's Jane behind the wheel of this hurtle machine . she lock small in the giant cab . her upstretch arm clutch the steering wheel . she cranks the suicide knob -~ as the wheel go around , it lift she into frame . . Jane check out a map . pull it up to get a closer look . then a closer look . pretty soon , the map 's spread out in front of she face , block she view of the road . ab176a ext . semi truck , ab176a the truck barrel through a Cal - tran work station , smash a wooden " road close " sign to splinter . road worker scatter , dive out of the way . ab176b int . semi truck ab176b the truck lurch , as if hit a speed bump . Jane look back out at the road , see nothing out of the ordinary . in b.g. a bleary - eye guy stick he head out of the sleeper compartment , give a look at Jane , yawn , then disappear again . al76a angle - Gas gauge a176a dangerously close to '' E " . 176a ext . road - angle semi 176a rocket off down the road . we catch a glimpse of the aluminium cut-out of recline nude male on the mud flap . rev. 11/03 ~= pink 67a , 177 soint . prison - outside cell - pay 177 Men be line up for inspection . Guard pass down the line of con . guard . . there 's be a tumour of a possible break -out . let I remind you , if we suspect anyone of attempt a escape , they will be punish severely . he come to Frank and rocco . they have pile of dirt on top of they head and shoulder , the Guard do not even give it @ second think . frank ( vo ) the day of the break . out arrive . after inapection , . we head for the tunnel . 178 179 180 181 182 183 184 185 oe 68. ~ angle - inside cell ee bat 178 prank and rocco race to they tunnel , don miner cap with light on the crown , and disappear down the shaft . ext . grassy field - Day | : - " 479 a patch of sod be remove . prank poke he head out . something be in he face . he can not make it out . hear a whistle . then a cheer . he turn . angle - frank 's Pov ; 180 it 's the L.A. coliseum . the raider be kick off . charge he way . . angle - prank . 181 on he head be a kick tee with a football stand on it . angle - ricker . 182 come at Frank . angle - frank ~ ' 133 terror . he duck down just in time . angle - kicker 184 the kickoff proceed as usual . : frank ( v.0 . ) my calculation seem to be off ... fortunately , we tunnel intersected with the new city subway systen . ext . forest lawn cemetery - day 185 open grave . casket . mourner with head bow . a priest do the rite . priest -+- May he rest in peace in the arm of we loving ... Frank and rocco pop they head up in the grave . ( cowrrued ) 185 186 187 188 189 190 191 69 . continued : 185 priest ( cont have ) ( horror ) Jesus Christ !!! : Frank and rocco quickly duck back out of sight . mourner ( ia unison ) ext . manhole - closeup - day 186 the lid come off . rocco and Frank exit from the hole . they look around , confuse . _ frank ( v.0 . ) we scurry along a little - use fault line and finally reach we original destination ... another angle 187 Street tough , bad -ass seventeen and eighteen - year - old boy and girl mingle about . give we guy the mean eye . a sign behind they read : " shorewood High School " . ! angle - frank and rocco 188 huddle together for safety . frank ( v.0 . ) I have never see rocco so frighten . we hear the cocking of many gun . ext . high school - muriel 's car - same time 189 muriel 's wave for the’ guy . rocco and prank rua to the car under a hail of bullet . angle - other student 190 walk nonchalantly to class , book under they arn , some lick ice cream cone . they see the shootout . suddenly , they be pull gun cut from everywhere -- purse , book bag , lunch pail -- begin firing teo . angle - getaway car 191 peel out just in time . take big time hit . 192 70 . ~ int . muriel 's car 192 muriel and rocco in the front seat . Frank in the back . frank that be close . Frank spot muriel behind the wheel . frank ( cont have ) who 's the old hag ? geez ! she take one in the face ? rocco ( piss ) my mother . Big mistake . rocco go for he gun . Frank quickly cover . hold he head , moan . frank oooh , my head . it 's amnesia ... where be I ? ( shake head ) there . I be better now . look at muriel as if see she for the first time . . . frank ( cont have ) . oh ! and this lovely lady must be you mother . Mrs. dillon , you son be a ruthless , sadistic , cold - blooded animal . you must be very proud of he . muriel I be . rocco ma , it want you to meet a square egg . Nick " the slasher® magirk . muriel give Frank a cold stare . she do not trust this stranger . moriel there 's fresh clothes in the back . as Frank and rocco start stripping off they prison dud : frank ( v.0 . ) rocco 's Mom be quiet . but , I have a feel she do not care for I come along . rev. 11/03 - pink 71 , 193 ° angle - frank be poy - rearview mirror 19 : muriel be give he the finger . frank ( v.0 . ) like a midget at a urinal , I be go to have to stay on my toe . 194 ext . semi - pay 194 the truck sputter to a stop . > 194a int . semi - pay 194a the gas gauge show '' E " . Jane hop out out of the immobile truck , slam the door in disgust . she start walk away from the truck carry the handkerchief and * map . as she pass the front end , we see there 's a Cal tran Worker , hold a flag and a orange cone , plaster to the grill . gine breeze by , oblivious . the Cal tran Worker peel off the front end , tumble to the ground . 195 omitted : 195 196 ts ' 197 ext . mountain cabin - later same day 197 a cabin in the weed feel . . out of cas . muriel pull up. all get 198 int . cabin - moment later 198 very live - in . muriel 's have this place for many year , rocco : ( off cabin ) what d'ya think , kid ? frank sweet set-up . rocco no phone . mile from the nearest town . playboy channel ... perfect ! frank Nice diga . but I be here for action ! what be we go after ? a bank ? armore car ? the dodger 's payroll ? ( continued ) be 72 . 198 continued : es ise muriel you be get a little bit too nosy , magirk . muriel pull out a gun , stick it in Frank 's face . rocco , the peacemaker , step between the two . oo rocco relax , ma. ( the Frank ) she ' 's be itchin’ to try out she new gun . frank I know the feel . muriel put the gun away . suddenly , something catch rocco 's eye 0.s. he stare appreciatively at 1399 angle - sexy legs 199 they go on forever . sexy music up . 200 angle .- frank " 200 will they ever end ? 201 angle - tanya 201 finally they do , revealing a gangster 's dream , gorgeous . she wear the skimpiest , sexiest bikini a pg - 13 rating will allow . she pose in the doorway . sexy music over . 201a angle - rocco 201a rocco ( cont have ) } tanyal aren not you a sight for sore thigh ! they stare longingly at each other . 202 angle - frank 202 still stare gap-mouthed at tanya. ir ( continued ) 73. 202 continued : 202 frank ( v.0 . ) tt be Tanya . that bikini be never happier . TI only hada . second to admire the view . I have to watch out . if she make I as a cop , I have be tonight 's meat loaf . Tanya give rocco a sultry look . tanya come here , sexy . Frank misunderstand , start walk toward she . frank you be all woman . I can tell just by look at you . rocco ( threat ) she 's refer to I ! frank ( cover ) T be talkin’ about you mother . rocco be appal . ~ muriel Tanya , that 's no way to be walk around . get some clothes on . and what be ya doin 's in my bathing suit !? rocco sweep Tanya into he arn , they share a big kiss . then , Tanya give Frank a scrutinize look . tanya who 's the stud ? rocco meet the newest member of we gang . slasher magirk . tanya wait a minute ... do not I know you from somewhere ? rocco tense . he and ma pull gun , point they at Frank . muriel give Frank the evil eye . ( continued ) 202 ' continued : ( 2 ) 74 . 202 muriel it smell cop on he the minute I see hin . rocco cock he gun . Frank 's sweat it out . prank ( reassure ) . I get this all the time . the underwear ad play everywhere . nobody 's buy it . frank ( cont no ) I run away ag a youth . you probably see my picture on a milk carton . . Tanya shake she head . she 's squinting hard at he . of frank ( cont no ) I have be on " unselve Mystery " five time . muriel * be you try to tell we you be not a& cop ? : ! ~ prank well ... yeah . a beat pass . they put they gun away . rocco well , that 's good enough for I . tanya * I , too . muriel I be fine . rocco | I be glad that 's clear up . ma , * what say you two kiss and make up ? * muriel ( reluctant ) alright . muriel hock a big clam into a nearby tin bucket . it * clang loudly . she take she tooth out , hand ‘em to * Frank . ( continued ) 202 203 204 204a 78. ~ continued : ( 3 ) ' ce 202 Frank be expect a peck on the cheek . what he get be a long soul kiss . kiss be do , muriel still do not like Frank . she look at he with disdain , pop she tooth back in . . mce rocco now that 's more like it . hold on Frank 's stunne expression . he 's not gure what just happen . int . cabin - live room - later same night 203 it 's dark . Frank be do something with he hand just out of frame . frank ( v.0 . ) I have to get a message to Police squad . this thing be turn into more than I could handle by myself . no phone and mile from civilization . thing look bleaker than the ' 33 Met . now we see he 's be tie a message on the leg of a pigeon . he hear someone come , quickly toss the pigeon over he shoulder at the open window . bad move . the pigeon hit thé-window fan in the upper pane . feather swirl like a blizzard around Frank 's incredulous face . . angle - tanya 204 snap on a light . tanya slasher , have you see my pigeon ? angle - frank 204a sit in front of a chessboard . tanya what be you do ? frank ( mz. cool ) just contemplate my next move . he pick up a pawn , jump it around the board like checker . Tanya cross to he . ( continued ) . 76 . 204a - continued : / sod 204a tanya you Bishop be expose . it 's this pants . I usually wear _ & fuller cut . — Tanya rub Frank 's shoulder . tanya mmmm . you be all man . I like that in my man . Frank grab Tanya 's wrist . frank you be comin’ on to I big time , sister . you be purring like a kitten with a fresh mouse . but , we get one problen . tanya you nre jewish ? frank ( confuse ) no ... ( plunge on ) the you be rocco 's girl . and in my book , that chapter be call : '' look but do not touch " . tanya I could have two lover . frank kinky . but I like my sex the way I play basketball ... one on one . and with as little dribble as possible . she throw she arm around Frank . Frank take she in he . tanya oooh ... you be tense , slasher . frank I could relax a lot more if - I know what be go on tomorrow . ( pause ) you would not know anything about that , would you ? ( continued ) 204a continued : ( 2 ) 204b 204¢ 204d 77 . 204a tanya all I know be it 's downtown and big . that 's the way I like it . what else ? tanya dust this ... . she lay a huge kiss on Frank . ext . forest - Pov - night 204b * hand parting tree branch , footstep on pine needle . * up ahead , the light window of the dillon gang hideout . * reverse angle - jane 204c * approach the window , look inside -- see Frank and * Tanya kissing . int . cabin - night 204d prank and Tanya still kissing . we hear the door OPEN . * 7 4 ~ jane ( 0.3 . ) what be you do ?! Frank and Tanya lock up at the doorway , see Jane . and she 's angry . Frank pull away from Tanya . there ' 's a loud suction pop ! he 's surprised . tries to cover by shaking Tanya 's hand . frank well , thank you for the advice , ma. Peters . I be anxious to try out that recipe . . jane ( disgust ) oh ! how could you ? tanya well , you just shove you tongue as far down he throat as you can ... ( continued ) 204d 205 206 78. continued : 204d jane oh , fra ... Frank quickly grab she , give she a big kiss , stop she from call out he name . Jane gag on the kiss , . caught unaware . frank ( sotto ) quiet ! you be not suppose to know I . ( outloud ) that ' 's a good - bye kiss , sister . angle - rocco , muriel — 205 awaken by the noise . snap on more light . run into the room . rocco what 's all this ? who 's the skirt ? prank dust some dizzy dame . probably she car break down . I / '11 drive she to the nearest bus depot . : i angle - tanya '' 206 spy Jane 's wadding ring , hold up she hand for all to see . tanya hey , she 's marry . what if she husband come lock for she ? frank he probably will ! I bet he 's a great guy . jane he break promise . a petty , snippy , marital spat ensue . the other look on . frank well , look at you . traipsing about the country , just to spite a big wonderful guy . he leave I . ( continued ) 79 . 206 .. continued : eo 206 frank - more like you leave he . jane you should talk . frank oh , listen to you . jane listen to you . frank listen to you . jane you be so stupid . frank you be stupid . rocco geez , you two , knock it off ! you would think you be marry or something . muriel what do we do with she , rocco ? '' frank there 's no room for she here . ' Cause there 's a unwritten law in gang ... everyone turn expectantly to Frank , wait . Frank shrug . frank ( cont have ) well , it be never write down . but , the skirt hit the road . muriel we bump she off . Jane realize the danger she 's in . frank nol rocco no ? ( continued ) of 206 80 . '' continued : ( 2 ) es 206 I have be on a job when thing go hooey ... and I would have give my eye tooth for a hostage . and we all know woman make . the best hostage . they be smaller . easy to take along . Zat less .. smell nice . rocco slasher 's right . we get we a insurance policy . good thinkin’ , kid . now , let 's get some shut -eye . we get a big day ahead of we . hthrows a coil of rope to Frank ) tie the dame up , slasher . the gang head off back to they room . Frank motion Jane into a chair . begins wind the rope around she ankle . jane be you happy , Frank ? you see what you police work have do ? . . prank my police work just save you life . of N he 's wrapping the cord around she knee . jane oh ? and what be all that kissing about ? frank information . jane what be you try to find out ? what she tonsils feel like ? frank Jane ... jane oh , there 's no use in talk ... she take off she ring , throw it at prank . jane I be out of here ! prank be devastate . he look at the ring . sad music sting . 207 208 209 210 211 212 81 . - _ insert -. ring 207 the inscription read : " here. Love , Frank . " angle - frank : . 208 stare at the ring , a tear trickle down he cheek . in b.g. , Jane stand up . bad move . she 's forget she 's truss up . she fall out of frame . Frank 's oblivious . int . bunker - next morning . . 209 Frank , Jane and the gang be crowded into a small brick structure . muriel 's hand out goggle . Tanya 's give Frank secret look . rocco hand Frank a pair of binocular , motion he to look out the window . rocco keep you eye on the tower , slasher . it 's what 's go to happen tonight . angle - franks Pov through binoculars 210 the tower stand alone in the field . a long way off . i - frank ( 0.8 . ) gee , it 's awfully far away . angle - frank . 211 he 's look through the big end of the binocular . muriel reach over , flip they around . frank ab ... Frank put the binocular back to he eye . frank ( cont have ) geez ! should not we be farther away ? angle - tower . . 212 two mechanical arm , dress in formal wear , stick out from the side . both the electronic hand wear white glove , one of the hand hold a large envelope . 82 . 213 ° -' angle - bunker 213 rocco hold a remote control . rocco this be a little mixture I have be workin’ on . it will revolutionize terrorist 's bomb . muriel ( proudly ) you crown achievement . rocco for both of we , ma. all set ? he push a button on the remote . 214 angle - tower 214 the electronic arm whirr to life , meet in front of the tower . the envelope be bring up , the other glove hand reach inside it , begin to withdraw the content . suddenly , there 's a huge whoosh and a massive explosion blow the tower to smithereen . 225 stock footage 215 ' ' nuclear test blast 's from the 1950' . mushroom cloud , wave tree , bright flash of light . 216 angle - inside bunker 216 Paper 's swirl around . everybody 's hair be plaster straight back . Frank lower he binocular which be start to malt . his face be tan except for white circle around he eye . he look like a shell - shocked raccoon . frank very impressive ... he and Jane exchange worried look . music sting . they be up against the biggest challenge of they life ... even bigger than try to have a baby . 217 ext . shrine auditorium - helicopter shot downtown L.A. 217 - later same day searchlight scan the horizon . we see half the city of Los Angeles burn . the sound of fire and police siren , and sporadic gunfire . all to '' hooray for hollyweed * . ( continued ) 83 , 217 ° «+. continued : 217 . announcer ( v.0 . ) from Hollywood ! the entertainment Capital of the World ! the star be shine bright tonight for the sixty -sixth annual acadeny Award ! no 218 ext . parking garage across from shrine - day 218 rocco 's car pull to a stop . 219 ext . rocco 's car 219 muriel stay behind the wheel . everyone else get out . rocco slasher , put the dame in the trunk . i’1l meet you and ma around back in ten minute , Frank haul Jane toward the trunk . rocco lean back in the window toward muriel . rocco ( cont have ) you get the pass ? muriel hand they to he . rocco peek inside the envelope . rocco ( contd ) not bad , ma. muriel thanks . that forgery class at the community college really pay off . angle - frank and jane Frank pretend to put Jane into trunk . jane Frank , what be you go to do ? frank sesh ... I have get a idea . rocco and Tanya walk by they on they way out . rocco keep you eye on the dame , slasher . we hit trouble , she 's we bullet shield . ( continued ) 84 . 219 continued : oa 21 prank and Jane look at each other . '' ooooh .* flip screen to : 219a int . engine block - day ' 219 a 2198 tight angle 2198 distributor cap and spark plug wire be wrench off by Frank 's hand . 2is¢c angle - frank 219 '' look at the engine part in he hand . prank ( to himsel£ ) this ought to do it . muriel ( 0.8 . ) you will never get away with this ! Frank reach up , slam the hood of the car , revealing : on 219d ext . car '' ~ 219d muriel ' 's arm be stretch out and pin in the car window . her head stick up through the sunroof , which be close on she neck , wedge she in tightly . muriel ( cont have ) rocco 's go to kill you , whoever you be ! frank Frank drebin , Police squad . Jane stare incredulously at muriel wedge in the sunroof . jane be not that a little unusual , prank ? frank not really . it 's happen to I a couple of time . they turn , walk away . muriel still confine in b.g. prank ( cont no ) okay , here 's my plan ... ( continued ) 232d 2322 232f 2326 2320 2327 233 86 . - continued : - oe 232d cabbie ( puzzle ) nastuza babutnik sayculla - arflomniate ? angle - frank , . 2328 Big mistake . he run over to ancther cab , thrust he head through the window . prank call Police squad ! tell they Frank drebin say ... . angle - cabbie # 2 232f another obvious immigrant . cabbie # 2 grizome flacto bexona ! Frank look over at the man 's cab license . insert - cabbie 's driver i.d. 2324 the name be izob parcoshbienloccbwa . angle - frank . 2328 roll he eye . race to a third cab park nearby . this cabbie be a swarthy , Middle - Eastern -look guy with a handlebar mustache wear a turban and what look like tribal ceremonial robe . frank forget it . he leave . cabbie look after he . : cabbie # 3 ' ( perfect Oxford accent ) I wonder what the devil he want ? angle - frank and jane 2327 they run toward the shrine . omitted : 233 234 235 236 236a 87 . - angle - shrine entrance ~ security stop Frank and Jane before they can enter the theater . . . : security hold on ! : frank 2 I be drebin of Police squad . security yeah , and I be Robert De niro . frank Mr. De nire , I have to get inside . : security uh huh . you and ten thousand other people . move along , move along . Movie star only . Frank eye all the celeb pass by . frank c’mon , I have get a better idea . flip screen to : omitted : angle - bushes two set of leg , a man 's and a woman 's -- obviously -- can be see under the shrub . Frank and Jane , now dress in formal wear ( tux and gown ) , exit the bush . behind they we hear the angry garble of gag voice . Frank turn , speak back into the bush , as he tuck two pass into he jacket pocket . frank I be very sorry about this , but it 's official police business . angry garbling . frank ( cont have ) {off tux ) . do not worry , we will have this back to the rental place by six tomorrow . angrier garbling follow they as they head back toward the shrine entrance . . 234 235 & 236 236a cee 88 . 237°. omitted 5 ce oe 237 through through 240 240 241 int . police squad - same time , . .. 241 Ed be half - watch the Academy Award show with other Police squad member . in b.g. alfred hitchcock 's 's silhouette appear in the frost glass of a door . rarr look over at nordberg who 's on the phone . nordberg {into phone ) thanks , sheriff . he hang up , walk over to ed. nordberg ( cont no ) still no sign of Frank or rocco and he gang . ed what do we do , nordberg ? nordberg well , as I understand it , we be police detective . Ed let out a little groan as he head nod into he hand . when he look up , he 's stare right at the tv. he react to ... . xn 241a insert - tv , 241a Frank and Jane head up the red carpet . around they , a steady parade of female celeb go by . dress get more outlandish , and absurd . as do the hairdos of both man and woman . a woman pass wear a dress make up entirely of whipped cream . two elbow - length glove complete she ensemble . ed ( 0.8 . ) nordberg ! look ! that 's Frank ! and Jane ! at the Academy Award ! 242 omitted 242 244 , 244 the 89 , 245 resume - ed and nordberg 245 nordberg gee , how would they get ticket ? . do not you see , nordberg ? that 's ' where rocco dillon be gonna strike next ! he 's plan to blow .up the Academy Award ! we have to get there ! nordberg but we be not invite , Captain . * we be cop . Ed give a exasperate look into camera . pick up a phone which have not rung , hand it to nordberg . ed it 's for you . nordberg : ( inte phone ) hello ? ed ~ ( to squad ) Men , it 's a code Red alert ! . nordberg |. ( into phone ) hello ? hello ? ed c'mon ! there 's not a moment to i lose ! Ed grab he fedora and he and the squader run out of the room . nordberg grab a fellow officer . nordberg it Henderson , we have get to report : this phone . it do not see ‘to be work . they exit behind everyone else . + 246 angle - tv 246 tv host and now here 's today 's lucky o~ lotto number ! everyone run back into the squad room . take out lotto ticket . stand hopeful in front of the tv . ( continued ) Rev. 9 / 24 , White 246 246a 246b 246c 246D 90 continued : 246 tv host ( cont would ) twenty -two , thirty - five , thirty -six . eighteen , thirty - three , twenty - four , and nine . no one hit the jackpot . all awwww ! everyone throw down they ticket and run out . angle - security guard 246a study Frank 's and Jane 's pass while they try to act casual , rno security guard ( eyeing Jane ) let 's see ... vanna White ..? and ... ( look at Frank ) weird Al yankovic ..? ( pass back invitation ) okay ... enjoy the Award . he motion they inside . Frank and Jane breathe huge sigh of relief as they head into the shrine . . omitted 246b int . shrine auditorium - stage 246c '' a presenter at the podium . presenter this year 's Lifetime Achievement Award winner 's credit include some of the great moment ever capture on celluloid . film such as : " sandal and loincloth " , 1958 ; '' sweaty boatmen " , 1959 ; '' the leather clad centurion " , 1960 ; and he first color feature , '' Big shiny Spears " , 1966 . huge applause . camera pan over to reveal : angle - lifetime achievement award winner 246D % a very old man , slump in a wheelchair near the podium , not move . ( continued ) 91 rev . 11/03 - pink 246 ) continued : 246d " presenter ( 0.s. ) he also direct over 200 other movie in he illustrious fifty - five year career , as well as serve as chaiiman for the leather Industry Trade Association . paramedics rush onstage , work feverishly in a attempt to revive the Old man , jolting he with electric paddle . presenter ( 0.8 . ) ( cont would ) lady and gentlemen , I present to you this year 's Lifetime Achievement Award winner -- Mr. Samuel L. bronkowitz ! Big applause from audience . the paramedics stop work on Mr. bronkowitz , shake they head sadly . the exg machine whine in & flatline . 247 angle - rocco and tanya - backstage 2470 rocco point 0.8. rocco okay , there 's the man from bryce porterhouse ... 248 angle - bryce porterhouse man - Pov 248 just finish set out the seal winner envelope , snap he briefcase shut . 248a resume - rocco and 's tanya 248a rocco ( cont would ) alright , you know what to do . distract he so I can get to the envelope and Plant the bomb . Tanya give a little smile , no problem . 249 angle - bryce porterhouse guard 249 guard the envelope table . Tanya walk by , give he a disarming smile . the Guard do not even give she a second look . we hear the activity from the stage : presenter ( 0.s. ) uh ... accept the award for Mr. bronkowitz be Native american , Margaret spread Eagle . ( continued ) +e + h he 91a. rev. 11/03 ~ pink 249 continued : 249 0.s. applause from crowd . Tanya saunter by the Guard again . to divert he attention , she bend over in front of he , pretend to adjust she stocking , show off a lot of thigh , not even a glance . margaret spread eagle ( 0.8 . ) I '' sure if Mr. bronkowitz be alive , he would thank each and every one of you for this great award . 0.s. the crowd applaud half~heartedly . a249a angle - control booth ~ director azan oe motion at monitor . director cue music ! cue stair ! cue talent ! ° *¥ 249a angle - stage 249 a play on music . applause . a pair of motorize staircase slide out from either side of the wing , join together center stage to form one massive , sweeping staircase . ( continued ) rev. 10 / 9 - buff '' 249a continued : 2494 announcer ( v.0 . ) and now , here to present the award for best support actress be mariel hemingway and Elliott gould ! | maribl hemingway and elliott gould each come down a different G side of this huge set piece , make for grand entrance . 249b angle - backstage 249b Tanya stand right in front of the Guard , she hack _to camera . she unhook , take off she skimpy top , shake she shoulder enticingly . we see tassel go around . the Guard remain stone - face . Tanya 's incredulous ... . but determine . another tack be need . suddenly , something 0.s. catch she eye . 250 angle - crate 250 open , empty . Tanya grab a bunch of bubble pack out of crate , walk over to the bryce porterhouse Guard . mariel ( 0.s. ) @ thank you . thank you . the nominee for best support actress be ... 251 angle - tanya 251 elliott ( 0.8 . ) Courtney Cox , " indecent attraction " , one woman 's struggle for dignity , set against the background of the crimean war , 252 omitted 252 through : through 255 255 256 angle - " rocco | . 256 quickly don glove and goggle . lift one of the envelope and , with tweezers , carefully insert a small explosive apparatus with a little blink light . that do , he replace the envelope . in the b.g. , the bryce porterhouse Guard be concentrate on pop the bubble wrap , totally oblivious . a security man join in . {continued ) rey . 10 / 9 - butt '' 257 257a angle ~ monitor 257b resume ~ frank and jane 256 continued - mariel ( 0.s. ) Mary Lou retton , " fatal affair '' . one woman 's ordeal to overcome the death of she cat , set against the background of the hindenburg disaster . : elliott ( 0.s. ) shannen doherty , " Basic Analysis " . one woman 's fight against sexual harrassment , set against the background of the open of Euro disneyland . int . auditorium aisle 257 Frank and Jane enter the back of the theater , scan the pack auditorium . on b.g. monitor we see mariel hemingway and Elliott gould onstage , mariel ( tv ) Morgan Fairchild , " final proposal " , one woman 's struggle to gain respect as a elevator Operator in the st . Louis arch , set against the back - ground of the great flood of 1993 , of a proposal " . one woman 's try : over a yeast infection , set against the background of the tragic buffalo bill season of 1991 . Big applause from audience . screen box . in t florence henderson , who ' smile , and look to each box , a la '' the brady bunch " open . jane rocce could be anywhere . frank he 's have plenty of time to Plant the bomb . where could it be ? ( continued ) rv Rev. 9/24 White 94 257b continued : 257b on monitor , mariel be hand a envelope , start to open it . elliott ( tv ) +e ( fill time ) Boy , this be go to be dynamite . 258 omitted 258 259 angle - frank and jane 259 Frank ponder the bomb question . frank hmmm. dynamite ... shimmer dissolve to : soe 259a flashback - angle - inside bunker 259a the bomb test from the cabin . a huge blast , nushroom cloud , wave tree , bright flash of light . Frank lower he binocular , which be start to melt ... shimmer dissolve to : 259b resume - frank 2593 frank Jane ! jane Frank ! be you think what I be think ? frank yes ! I leave my good pair of binocular back at the cabin ! jane no , the bomb be in one of that envelope ! she point to the stage . frank you be right ! mariel ( tv ) and the winner be ... presenter # 1 start to pull out the winner card . Frank and -*€ Jane wince , plug they ear . no explosion . ( al. 10 / 3 - butt : 9s 259b continued : 259b mariel ( tv ) ( cont would ) Mary Lou retton for " fatal affair " ! 260 omitted 260 & : & 261 . ' : 261 262 angle - auditorium : . 262 Big applause . mary lou retton jump up , do a whole series of backflip down the aisle . she 's so happy ! bright music 262a angle - shannen doherty 262a a bit miff at lose . she give Mary Lou the finger . 262b angle - frank and jane . . 262b 262cc 263 they look around sheepishly . people be stare at they . Jane smile apologetically at one particularly sour woman . jane sorry ... we be root for Florence benderson . frank we have get to get to that envelope before they open any more of they ! they race toward backstage . people look after they . angle ~ mary lou retton 262c leap up the stair , cartwheel across the stage . she land in front of the podium . mary lou I be speechless . I just do not know what to say ... she suddenly throw she arm up in she trademark Olympic salute . the crowd applaud . angle - backstage 263 the bryce porterhouse Guard and the Security man have be join by several usher and Security people . everyone 's focus on pop bubbles , no one 's pay attention to the envelope . in b.g. , we see Mary Lou leave the stage with mariel and Elliott . Jane and Frank enter , look at the table . there be hundred of envelope . ( continued ) ttt &k @@ 4h tee tt4 rev. 10 / '' - buff 5a . 263 continued : 263 frank I do not realize there would be this many . jane they add seventy - five new category . Frank pick one up , read : frank '' best actor in a Columbus Movie " ?. 264 angle - stage 264 empty . Dark . several spotlight sweep across it . music up . drum roll . . announcer ( vo ) lady and gentlemen , the Academy proudly salute '' white male in the Movie Industry " ! splashy music up . 264a resume - frank and jane . 264a carefully check each envelope . above they , on the monitor , the musical , salute continue ( stock footage ) , male dancers ( tv ) ( sing ) I 'm a white male I got the world by the tail I control the money and the grant I make movie about girl with no pant ... 265 omitted . 265 266 angle - frank ( musical number continue over ) 266 *& stare incredulously at a envelope in he hand . 266a insert — envelope 266a it 's a publisher clear House sweepstake envelope . Big letter read : " you may have already win $ 10,000 ! " Rev. wl8 - bec 96 , 257 omitted 26 ° 268 angle - wing - huge stair set piece 268 raquel welch stand on the top landing , hold a envelope , walt for she cue . we hear the musical number end with a ? huge flourish . o.s. there 's a drum roll . 7 announcer ( vo ) and now , lady and gentlemen , to present the next award be star . a of stage and screen , miss raquel Welch and popular talk show host , z Mr. phil donahue ! 3 269 angle - frank 269 spy raquel Welch on staircase across stage , see the envelope in she hand . he turn to Jane , point toward raquel . : . frank that fight be the envelope with the bomb ! you keep look , he run off . 270 angle ~ stair set piece a70 on Frank 's side of the stage . pur , donahue be jetting a fnal touch up on he make - up . . 's * make - up man * just one more second , Mr. donahue ... + make -up man turn away to refill he sponge with pancake . '' Frank suddenly run up , knock phil out with @ hard karate fg chop , toss he aside , and take he place ~- just as make - up man turn back to give phil 's face one last dab of color . * make -up man be oblivious to the change . he motion '' phil '' up * the access stair . the stair unit start gliding toward the middle of the stage . Frank hurry up the access stair , take a incredible run leap , fly through the air , spread -eagle , flail . he hit the top landing with he hand . whack ! hang there precariously , leg lash wildly , as the staircase continue its inexorable journey to meet its mate . 271 angle - control booth 27 } the show 's director frown at . a monitor show frant angina from the landing , he foot bicycling in the air . . ( continued ) a 71 273 273 274 275 thunk ! Frank roll off the stair , rear end she . the mic Rev. 9/19/93 97 continued : 2 director a oh , my God ! look at donahue ! G hia underling stare ineredulougly at the monitor , angle - raquel 27 : start dow , she eide of the entrance mott stair , make she grand angle - frank . 273 struggle to pull himselt up . he get to hig foot . the . stair unit lurch to a stop , cause Frank to lose he ° balance . he go tumble down the the stair . > omitted . 274 angle - raquel 275 already at tha microphone . raquel thank you . thank you . lady and gentlemen , it ia my pleasure to present the award for best director . there be ... * eet go into she mouth she raquel cont would ) ++. hooophhhh . ' pull she head back . the microphone come out with a pop !... but the windscreen remain lodge in she tooth . +» - garrrchhh , . she 's staggering , try to pull the windscreen out of she mouth . Frank see she choke , apply the heimlich maneuver . raquel ( cont would ) Z +- ptufff ! Jesus ( continued ) Rev. 9/24/93 275 continued : 278 there it go . into the orchestra pit . it hit the ; conductor square in the forehead , stun he . he wave he arm groggily . the orchestra start to play , try to follow he erratic baton . 276 ext . rocco 's getaway car - night a 76 rocco and Tanya approach the car , see muriel 's head stick through the sunroof . they race to release she . rocco . ma , what happen ? muriel slasher be Frank drebin of Police squad ! rocco lousy two - bit copper punk ! I treat he like my own brother ... the one I do not kill . muriel do not be say he be no good ? I know people . remember what I Said about conan o'brien ? toer $ 444 tanya he might find the bomb ! rocco not if I find he first . he pull out a ominous look gun . muriel be not you glad I buy you . that for Christmas ? oe rocco cock the hammer . the three of they dash back toward # the shrine . 277 int . shrine ~ stage 277 raquel be fine now . she compose herself . in f.g. the stage manager be . point frantically to the teleprompter . aha ! Frank understand . start read he line off the teleprompter . frank well , raquel , this certainly be a special evening . whew ! I can barely catch my breath . turn it over to raquel . prank , unaware how this thing work +-- continue to read . raquel open she mouth but : . coont inte Rev. 277 9 /27 - Blue continued : 9ra 277 frank ( cont would ) : I be use to be out of breath , work out to my video day and night ! hold for laughter and applause , to phil . get I out of breath just ° watch you . to raquel . oh , phil . ( cowtomoxd ) '' rev. 11 /16 - : 99 . 277 277 continued : _. ( sotto ) : . I be suppose to read that ! ‘( at a loss , go back to read ) : but , let 's . get to the subject at hand . pick up the envelope . raquel force she way in ... '' the nominee for best director be : penny Marshall for she futuristic look at underwater baseball -- * 20,000 leagues of they own " . Frank 's look . behind raquel , stare 0.8. applause from audience . — ° ' 277a omitted oo 2774 : through through 279 : : : 279 280 angle ~ jane - franks pov 280 dozen of envelope still to search . she 's try to peek inside they seal flap , hold they ap to the light . 281 resume - frank and raquel 281 Frank 's still rivete 0.8 . raquel try to carry on the best she can . raquel : Sir Richard attenborough for he musical base on the life of mother theresa -- '' mother ! " . audience applaud . : - 281a angle - monitor ~ flim clip of '' mother ! " 2810 a ball 's out musical . mother theresa dance around : & group of poverty - stricken child cary a hoagie sandwich . . audience applaud . rev . 11/16 1006 2818 angle - jane 2e1b : have 4 teapot whistling on a hot plate , be ; eam open the envelope one by one . - . _ raquel ( 0.8 . ) . wolfgang Petersen for . he thriller depict the alternative lifestyle of a secret service man -- " in the line of Fire Island '' . audience applaud . : 281c angle - frank and raquel 997 . 281 '' raquel plow on . a rennie harlin for he action adventure epic set against the backdrop of the garment industry -— '' coathanger " . : audience applaud . .# ab a281 '' omitted - '' aaeie thra : through 285 . : 285 286 angle - jane - franks Pov 286 check the inner working of the envelope by hold they up to a dental x- ray light . N ‘286a resume - frank and raquel : 286a raquel and , Steven spielberg for he tale of genetics go haywire in a retirement community -- " geriatric Park " . audience applaud . . 2868 angle monitor - film clip for '' geriatric park " 2863 : people scream , run for safety . we see they be be chase by 20 - foot-high old profle . one person be crush under a massive walker . huge applause . 286c angle - jane | . 286c motion for Frank to '' stretch it " . 287 angle - frank and raquel oe 287 Frank snap out of it , there 's a job to be do . raquel begin open the envelope . frowenmen rev. 11/16 .- salmon 287 . continue : this could be the bomb , just a second , raquel . . raquel stop , look at Frank . now what ? a . Frank can not let 's raquel open it .- 100a 287 Rev. 3.27 - Blue 287 continued : a287a angle ~ control booth — director | this be just what he need . a287b resume — frank and raquel some applause , talk about . 287 frank ( stalling ) I just have a think ... a287a director oh , Christ : a287b frank this show be be see all over the world . I be think ... if we could all just send good thought . transmit they through this camera . to man like the leader of China ... ( have no idea who that be ) wing woo wa tong , so that they might finally be nice . I thank you . raquel have no idea what the hell Frank be raquel and , the winner be ... frank raquel , so many go to bed hungry in this nation . and , yet , - cat food be full of tuna . I can not help but think each time I go to the zoo , and see that porpoise cramme into that tiny tank . what a waste that be . I say , butcher half of they now . that 's hundred of pound of dolphin meat that can be feed to we cat . freeing up that tuna for we nation 's hungry . raquel be stunne by the statement , 287a angle - control booth 287a director what the hell be he talkin : about ? 102 * + + rav , 9/13/93 101a . 287b resume ~ frank and raquel 2873 raquel uh ... and the winner . ... frank and so many be cold . shiver in the night . sor say take that cat . skin they . and use they fur to keep hundred warm . le. ut . Rev. 10le loz . ase angle - audience jaw opan , this be appall , 289 ° angle - raquel amd frank raquel ( aside ) Jesus , phil ! ( shift ) as I be say , the wi she move to pull cut the winner card , take it . he take it , on 2900 angle - audience bead go back and forth like they be watch a tennis match . 4 291 angle ~ baquel have the envelope . walk away , she back to Frank . ghe’ about to pull out the card . Frank dive on top of she , mow there 's a horrible tussle . 292 ° angle - auprence | can not believe they be aee this . 293 angle - jane in one of the envelope she find a half piece of matza , wrap in a cloth with Hebrew write on it . Jane give it a look . suddenly she jump as muriel stick a gun in she bare back . muriel not one move . jane ah . that barrel be cold . muriel oh , sorry . muriel blow on the barrel to warm it , stick it on Jane 's back again . jane that 's better . muriel let 's go . Frank yank the ~ envelope away . raquel take it back . '' he take it . che t + tht $ 4 >t bar. wle - gute 102a '' 294 angle - frank 294 raquel 's get he on the floor , bang he head on the ground . '' Rev. joe 's bute 103 294 continued : 294 raquel what the hell happen to you ? you use to be so nice ! Frank peek into the envelope . it 's not wire . frank ( breathless ) it 's okay ... raquel yank the envelope away from he . she stagger to she foot , trip , and flip headfirst over the stair railing . Frank , still on the ground , be look 0 .ss . 295 angle - envelope table - franks Pov 295 no Janet 296 resume - frank 296 worried . jump up , dash off . in b.g. , raquel stumble to she foot , lose she balance , plunge into the orchestra pit . 297 angle = backstage 297 Frank 's search the bubble pop crowd for Jane . frank Janet Jane ! 298 angle - al yankovic / varna white 298 in they underwear , talk to Security . al yankovic Silver hair ... vanna white about 6 '2 " ... al yankovic kind of look like phil donahue ... vanna white yeah , yeah ... they suddenly see Frank , point accusingly at he . al / vanna ( in unison ) that 's the guy ! ( continued ) ee whey kk the th € Rev. 10 / 27 ~- White '' 104 , 298 continued : 298 Security rush Frank . Frank turn over several garbage can , roll they at Security who go out of they way to fall over they . a can roll over a Security guy who scream as if the thing weigh a thousand pound . Frank race away . . . announcer ( vo ) . lady and gentlemen , pia gadora ! play on music kick on . applause from audience . 299 omitted 299 through through 301 301 302 angle - prank . 302 303 running from Security , stumble onto a chorus of male + wait to make they entrance to stage . they be dress in top hat and tux , carry cane . Frank tap the last guy in line on the shoulder . the guy turn . frank Excuse I , be that snot on you shoe ? the dancer bend to look . Frank karate chop the guy , take he top hat and cane as he drop . angle ~ pia 303 flow onto the stage , wave at the applaud crowd . the orchestra play a slow introduction . pia smile out over the crowd . pia this be such a special night for all of we . x ( to someone in crowd ) hi , how be you ? ( to whole audience ) you know , I wish every one of you could walk out of here a winner ... but , that 's not gonna happen . so just remember what a famous man once say , '' winner be just loser who * win " . ( cont time + Rev. lol - bure 104a , 303 ° continued : 303 304 Band kick into '' this could be the start of something Big " . the dancer sidestep onto stage , begin dance . pia launch into song . pia ( cont would ) ( sing ) you're walking along the STREET , or you 're at a party , or else you 're alone and then you suddenly dig ... Frank join the dancer , try to blend in , do the same fey step they do , bump butt , pose . pia ( cont would ) ( sing ) you 're lookin 's - in someone's eye , you suddenly realize that this could be the start of something big ! angle - huge " applause " sigh 304 above the stage , flash on and off . the crowd clap . Rev. 305 306 307 308 309 9 /29 - pink los , '' angle - security 305 setting up a dragnet in the wing . angle - frank , . 306 try to shuffle off the other side of the stage . more Security appear there . step , ball , change -- prank pirouettes away as uniform armg reach out to grab hin . pia accepting a fig ... the dancer do some arm wave step , couple with intricate cane work . Frank 's swing he cane around , unwittingly poke guy in the eye , smack they in the face , hook then around the neck , Frank run , slide on he knee through a tunnel of leg . his cane hit each one in the male fun zone . all the dancer be double over , hold they crotchas . prank think this be part of the routine . he grab he crotch too , stagger around . ext . shrine 307 Ed and nordberg screece up in they unmark car , siren blaring . two cop car pull ap right next to they . cop jump out , establish a perimeter . they be totally engross in be cop , do not notice that Ed and nordberg can not get out of they car -. the other have park too close . nordberg try to back ap . another car skid in behind they . now , they be completely hemmed in . Ed lay he head in he hand , shake it sadly . once again he 's in he own private little hell . int . shrine - stage 308 Frank 's still catch up in the dance number . he 's toss pia into the air , spin she all around he body . he slide she through he leg , accidentally let go , end up with she wig tangle in he finger . int . control room 309 the horror-stricken director and he underling stare in disbelief at the monitor , view the chaos on stage . ( cortinugp ) 309 310 311 312 continued : Ed , wear hig fedora , burst flash they badge . . ed I be Ed hocken , this los , in with nordberg , they be Officer nordberg , from Police squad . we be here to prevent a disaster , the director motion to the monitor director ( sadly ) you be too late for that . he 's hand a bottle of maalox , take . a little white ring around hig lip . angle - monitor is a deep drink , leave 310 without she wig to hide it , we see pia‘ 's hair 's bobby pin up in unattractive tinglet . she grab she wig from Frank , yank it back down on she head . ed hey , it 's Frank ! they stare incredulously at the monitor . angle ~ pia adjust she wig as she sing . pia ( sing ) 311 there's no controling the unrolling of you fate , my friend ... she turn , move quickly across the order to take a fly leap . angle — dancers stage , gain speed in " 312 suddenly , Frank go by do some kind of Russian cossack / crazy leg dance . he accidentally kick one of the guy i nm the stomach . the other guy bend over to help he friend -— just as pia launch 3c a + Rev. 9 /29 - pink 106a 313 ° angle - pra 313 fly right by she two distract dancer . pia obhhhhhhh ... she land face first on the stage . '' flump ! " 314 angle ~ control booth 314 everybody wince . Rev. 9 /29 - pink 314 315 315 a 315b 315c 315d 315e 315 F 107 . . continued : 314 nordberg how do she do that without get hurt ? angle - stage 315 the dancer form a tiller line . pia stagger over to join they , spitting out a mouthful of floor planking . from the middle of the stage , a huge hydraulic lift start to rise . pia mount it . angle - frank 315a still in the tiller line , look 0.8. angle - wing ~ frank 's pov 315b Security be ready to make a move to grab Frank . resume - frank 315¢c leap onto the lift with pia , sweep she up onto he shoulder , pia ( sing ) '' ou suddenly hear a bell and right away you cah tell that this could be the start of ... prank 's try desperately , but can not hold pia up anymore . he drop she . pia plumet off the lift and out of frame . pia ( cont would ) ( sing , descend ) - + something big . .. ahbhhh ! angle - pia 315d crash into the orchestra pit , land head first in a tuba . angle - security 315e all be watch pia , horrify . they momentarily take they eye off Frank . . angle - frank , 315 F see he opportunity to get away . he do a spectacular leap off the back of the lift , dive onto stage . he come out of a perfect roll and , plow through what 's leave of the dancer , escape off the stage . Rev. 9 / 29 - pink - 107a . 315g angle - security 3156 turn just in time to see Frank disappear behind a curtain . they give chase . 315h angle - stage : 3158 the play off music kick in . the batter dancer take they bow . pia wobble onstage , the tuba still wedge : tightly down over she head . as she struggle to pull it off , we hear sound from the tuba . " honk . skree . ughh " . .- 316 angle - auditorium . 316 a stand ovation for pia . what a finish ! 316a omitted 316a & & . 317 . 317 318 angle - inside dressing room 318 Frank give a quick look to make sure he have not be follow , then slam the door behind he . he turn into the room . his eye get wide ... 318a franks Pov - tanya 318a come out of the restroom . before she can react , Frank grab she , pin she against the wall . frank ah , I know I would find you around here somewhere . now , I want answer , cherry cake . tanya I love you . frank wrong answer . I drop out of the sap of the month Club a long time ago . I want Jane . wow , | where be she ?! where be she ?! . tanya gesundheit . ( continued ) 318a ~ 319 320 7 108 . continued : hey 318a prank thank you ... now , listen , angel drawer , this be you last chance . and I do not mean one of that | . major league baseball Steve howe type of last chance . now , where be Jane ? : - tanya I swear , I do not know . frank alright , then where 's the bomb ? tanya - it 's in the " best picture " envelope . _ frank liar , liar , pants on fire ... : tanya no , it 's true ! oh , Mr. drebin , T want to go straight . I be tired of the lie . oh , kiss I . please , kiss I . I have never kiss lip so innocent . so pure . Tanya . give Frank one hell of a kiss , gently turn he around , seat he on a dress table . her back to camera , Tanya start to disrobe , put on a show for Frank . Frank watch she dress slide down she body ... off the shoulder , down the chest , the torso , the hip , the ... yipe ! in b.g. she shadow on the wall leave no doubt . it 's '' crying game " time . Frank give a incredulous look at camera . bolt out of the room . omitted 319 angle - ed and nordberg 320 be fill in on the situation by a Security Guard . suddenly prank dash by then . security guard that 's the guy ! =d S prank ? Rev. wii bere . / 109 a 321 322 & 323 324 325 angle - stage 321 fanfare . drum roll . the staircase begin they glide toward center stage . : announcer ( vo ) and now , lady and gentlemen , here to present best picture be - two of America 's most distinguished actor : olympia dukakis and James Earl Jones ! Big applause . olympia dukakis and jame earl jone come down the stair , head for the podium . in b.g. , Frank suddenly rush onstage , drop to he knee by the orchestra pit , stick he head into @ tuba ... . upchuck big time . '' olympia dukakis ( aside ) good Lord , what 's that ? jame ear . jone ( aside ) look like phil ponahue throw up in a tuba . olympia dukakis ( aside , sympathetic ) poor marlo ... orchestra continue play on music -- bad note from the tuba . omitted 322 & / 323 angle - tuba player 324 have trouble now . can only get gurgle sound out of he instrument . angle - frank 325 nordberg come out on stage to help he . / as Frank stagger off , the audience stare in disbelief at he . jame earl jone ( 0.8. ) {to audience ) . thank you . thank you . good evening . it 's a priviledge for we to present the final award of tonight 's ceremony . * thh eteen vos ae +t the rev . whs - bure . 326 angle - wing 327 nordberg lead prank back stage . _nordberg Frank , we have be worried about you . where 's rocco ? where 's Tanya ? 109a . 326 Frank react to the mention of Tanya , look like he 's go to be sick again . nordberg ( cont would ) take it easy . sit down . take it easy . he sit Frank in a chair . angle - stage 327 olympia dukakis and James Earl Jones present . gowran ) the + 2 ev. yoh ve 327 continued ; 328 angle = frank try to gather himself . 0.8. the presenter continue . Frank struggle why , thank you , James ... 1lo. , __ olympia dukakis & the nominee for best picture be ; '' Basic attraction " y '' unlawful affair " , " fatal Analysis " , '' indecent instinct " , and '' sawdust and mildew " . : jame earl jone interestingly enough , olympia , every one of this movie be a box office hit , except for one . *. 328 olympia dukakis ( 0.s. ) and now , the moment we have all be wait for ... . frank what 's that , nordberg ? nordberg the best picture . my money 's on '' sawdust and mildew " . ek a bbe prank oh my godi that 's the one ! jame earl jone ( 0.8 . ) olympia , would you do the honors , please ? . +44 to he foot , groggy . olympia dukakis ( 0.s. ) +> Frank bolt past Ed and nordberg , dash onto stage . 329 angle - stage 329 James barl Jones look on as olympia dukakis open the — envelope . the award for this year 's best picture go suddenly , Frank run waitt olympia dukakis a to ... up . frank let I open that ! ( continued ) tren . \olg - sure frank ( cont would ) sorry about this .. , . ( to James Earl ) love you in " conchead " ( to olympia ) you , too . he peek inside envelope . frank ( cont would it 's the bomb ! ' ) audience applaud . van '' rey . 10l - bure ii , 330 angle - auditorium 33 the three propucerg of " sawdust and mildew " leap to they foot in exuberance , they run toward the stage , joyously kiase everyone . the orchestra kick in with the movie 's sappy , romantic love theme . _ : 331 angle - control booth - monttor : 331 the graphic pop on over the joyous Producers : " best picture -- sawdust and mildew " . : : a 332 angle = stage of 332 rocco and muriel come out hold Jane at gun point . . . all go silent . the music stop . rocco raise he gun , 2 fire into the air , shout to the crowd : rocco freeze , and nobody get hurt ! | a technician with a headset ( dummy ) falle out of the rafter , crashes to the floor . the audience gasp . rocco give the body a look . rocco ( cont would ) well ... from now on . the happy Producers , about to mount the step to receive they i stop dead in they track , watch as the technician be carry off by co-worker . 332a angle —~ jame earl jone and olympia dukakis 332a tt rhf ef gee 2 quietly back they way off stage , unnotice . 333 angle - control booth - director 333 director what 's that ? stay with it . camera two , move in on the old lady . monitor : camera push in . muriel point she gun straight into the lens , menacingly . director ( cont ' da ) better move back , two . 334 angle ~ stage 334 Frank 's look around for a way to dispose of the load envelope . rocco wave he gun at the crowd , rocco I say nobody move ! + ey. 10 / 3 - buff . 111a , 334 continued : 334 muriel ( to audience ) sit down ! a couple people in the audience sit back down in they seat . rocco turn he gun on Ed , nordberg and Security . rocco ( cont would ) alright , drop you gun and kick ‘em over here ! now ! Ed , nordberg , and Security do just that . dozen of gun , many more than we expect , slide toward rocco . be th hm rey . 10/8—but F 335 angle - control booth the director turn to hiswstaf .. . director we be get a shine off the old iady . come on , people , help I ere , . 336 angle - rocco rocco I believe that bomb belong to I . now hand it over , drebin . ( turng slightly toward muriel ) you want to do the honors of killin’ he , mar ? Frank see rocco 's momentarily divert . he rush hin , they tussle . muriel swing she gun around , cover everybody else , make sure nobody move . muriel blink , and 1 start shoot ! 337 angle - frank lia , 33 336 337 wrestling with rocco 's wrist . rocco easily switch the gun to hia other hand . Frank go for that wrist with both hand . again the switch . again . the gun goe off . 338 angle - applause sign the bullet sever ita brace . it fall toward the stage . 338a : angle + frank and rocco ' they watch the sign fall , follow it with they eye , 339 angle ~ muriel and jane Jane look up , wide - eye . jane oh , my God ! she take a step backwards . 338a 4 t 339 # - % the ( continued ) ( ev. |0 / y - batt 2 a 339 continued : 340 muriel T be not fallin " for that one , sister . angle ~ audience 340 clap dutifully in sync with the flash sign . 339 + h he 34 ] 342 rev '' 0 }8 - lant 113. resume - muriel 341 pound on the sign in desperation , jarring it . the sign switch to '' stand ovation ! " the audience obiediently rise to its foot , clapping . murie ] take a dive into the orchestra pit . angle - rocco : 342 stare after muriel , horror-stricken . rocco ma! frank she 's a goner , rocco . rocco Dead ? then , that 's it . I be comin ' with you ; ma. ( level gun at Frank ) pull out the bomb . if you do not , I will shoot the dame . - he swing he gun around , aim at Jane . frank alright , rocco . I will do what you say . tl jane Frank ... frank just do not harm she . Frank start to open the envelope . Jane 's wave to get he attention . jane + Frank ! if you pull out the bomb you will kill I anyway . and every - one else in this theater . frank nsee the logic ) hmmm . no dice , rocco . rocco then , I be gonna plug she . frank you : shoot she , l'11 empty this envelope . whe ( continued ) kev. with wlk - bure 342 343 344 continued ; 114 , jane Frank , think about it . frank : it 's alright , you will be dead . jane : then you ' 1 ) kill yoursel and everyone here . frank ( not good ) yas . rocco I will shoot you , drebin , if you - do not do as I eay . '' frank : Chow do it Jane ? sound to you ) jane I would be safe . so would everyone else . but you would be dead . frank this be get complicate , rocco . let 's go about this logically , look , you be the psychotic . you should have the envelope . the gun . jane prank ... I should have prank T know what Inn do . angle - ed and nordberg stare g@p -mouthed . the awitch be actually make . angle - audience increduious . everyone slapa " oh , nol * they forehead in unison , 34 343 344 ev ol - burr . '' lis , 345 angle - stage 4a rocco grab Jane as a shield , he arm around she , one hand inside the envelope , ready to pull ont the bomb , rocco - ( maniacally ) this be it , drebinit here 's you best picture . before a world - wide audience , this whole place be go up ! 346 angle - £ 2 346 --ed ; if I be go out , T be go out toss he hat away , bend over a nearby hostess , give *: she a huge kiss , : ' '' 6 347 angle - frank 347 frank q wait a minute , rocco . before 4 we be all blow to bit , do you 4 mind if I pull the underwear from 4 my crack ? rocco give he a look . * os frank ( cont would ) z a man 's gotta go out comfortable . rocco ( impatient ) alright . bue that 's it . Frank reach back , start to root around , then suddenly whip he hand up , knock the envelope away from rocco , it skitter under the mobile stair unit . rocco watch it go . * Frank now have the drop on rocco . * frank give it up , rocco . you be a mini-sery . suddenly , rocco point 0.s. x rocco de oh , look , it 's George Hamilton . everyone turn to look . rocco snatch the n awa from * Frank , grab Jane again , put the gun to she head . '' * rocco ( cont would ) come and take I , drebin ! rocco drag Jane back toward the wing , keep Ed and the other unarm squader at bay as he go . 4 rev . wk buse 11sa a347a angle ~ frank a347a nordberg grab a gun off the floor , toss it to Frank . Frank poi . nts to where the envelope disappear . frank nordberg , get rid of that bomb ! he race for the wing . nordberg look helplessly at the huge stair unit . 347a angle ~ wing 347a rocco haul Jane to the fly rigging , grab hold of a rope . R ( to Jane ) hold on , sweetheart . Jane , frighten , latch onto the rope . rocco point he gan into the air , fire . : 348 insert - fly rigging 348 a large counterweight drop toward stage . rev. 11/03 - pink . 116 , 349 resume - rocco and jane 349 shoot up into the air on the rope , land on a catwalk . '' rocco push Jane along the wooden tread . rocco move it , sister . I do not want you ww hit anything between here and the floor . 350 omitted 350 350a angle - wing 350a Frank enter , look up into the rafter . Ed approach . Frank . .1 do not worry , Ed 't '' I know what I be do . 's he step inside a coil of rope , grab the lead strand , point the pistol into the air . he 's go to try the same trick rocco pull . Ed see he precarious foot position . ah , Frank .. too late . Frank fire . bad move . Frank 's suddenly throw onto he back -- the rope 's coiled around he ankle . he rocket into the rafter , whistling like a mortar shell . 351 angle - catwalk 351 Jane 's at the railing . rocco clear a coil of wire away with he foot , get in behind she , hold a gun to she head . he holler down at the stage where he think Frank still be . rocco alright , copper ! you kill my mal I be take the dame away from you ! suddenly , Frank drop into frame behind they , upside down , . dangle from the rope . neither rocco nor Jane notice . * Frank flop around , struggle to extricate himself from he tether . rocco ( cont no ) you hear I , copper ? one push and Mrs. drebin here become linoleum : rev 11/03 ~pink ll6 A. 351 angle - continuep ; 351 in b.g. , Frank 's swinging wildly , desperately try to grab hold of anything that ' 11 stop he . - rt '' cirque du Soleil time . body at 90 degree angle . try to unwrap the rope from around he ankle . : ( continued ) / 117 . _351 ~ continued : mee 351 rocco ( cont have ) any last word , sweetheart , before I throw you off this catwalk ? jane yes . do not do it . rocco anything else ? Jane shout down at the atage far below . jane Frank , I love you ! yes , I want the world to know that you be the perfect man . behind she , Frank 's still hang by he ankle from the rope . he look down . the people be pin spot on the * stage below . * 382 angle - control room - director 382 watch the monitor , a long shot of Jane , rocco and Frank . jane ( tv ) :. Frank , I hope you can hear I ... director {into headset ) -- ; screw the commercial , we be stick with this ! get a camera up there ! I do not care how ! this could be my best work ! pause . he smile at monitor . director ( cont have ) and they tell I I could not do eae 353 ° angle - catwalk 383 guy with camera , light and microphone be climb around , try to get position . Jane 's stili pour she : heart out . ce ( continued ) rev. 11/03 ~ pink lle , 353 conrrwvep , , as . jane Frank , I be wrong . take you away from Police squad be a mistake . for know now that 's why you could not perform decent sex with I ... 354 angle - frank 384 hanging by he tooth from the rope in a impossible position , he rolis he eye , wish the whole world * be not hearing this , 355 angle - nordberg 355 just pull on the huge thick glove that be part of the bomb disposal suit he 's now wearing . it make he look a litele like the michelin man . he and Ed exchange look -. this be mews to then . - 386 angle . jane and rocco 356 . yes , I realize that now , Frank , and x a lot of other thing -- like the big three auto makerg conspire to kill electric car and subvert the California clean Air Law . rocco lay the gan a little closer to Jane 's ear . rocco say you s0od -bye , sweetheart , and x hurry it up . I be park in a handicapped Space . now , c'mon ! Jane ignore he , continue she pledge to rrank who 's now * swinging by he arm in the b.g. twirl , twirling , twirling ... jane yes , Frank , 1 want you to go back to Police squad . 1 learn my lesson , and , even though it may be too late for I , I want all you lady out there to . remember something : do not ( continued ) rev. 11/03 - pink . 118a . 356 continued : 356 Jane and rocco look up . 357 Pov 357 Frank have let go of the rope , be plummete straight down at then , Rev. 1le - bre 119 . 356 angle - rocco 356 Frank land right on hin flump ! rocco sta . ger prank gabe eip# , over & coll of wire , lose bis balance , or tee . railing : miss roceo plunge over the rocco 's fall toward the stage flaiiin wild : we see the electrical cord have looped around he foot . . 359 359 angle - stage Ed look up . except nordberg , a large pair of tong . he 's busy he everyone on stage look ap . not retrieve the bomb envelope with yell to the auditorium audience , nordberg nobody move ! any vibration could set this off ! he make he way toward a bomb disposal receptacle , the bulky suit make it a slow process . around he , people stare up in abject horror as rocco plunge straight toward the stage gin &@ panicked scatter , scream . nordberg misunderstand they fear , think they be worried about the bomb . nordberg ( cont would ) it 's alright ! everything 's under control ! I be not gonna drop it ! 360 omitted 360 362 angle - rocco 361 whize toward the floor , gtope for anything to break he fall . 362 angle - frank 362 the coil of cable attac 's stomp he heel down 363 angle - rocco the cord right above nordberg . to grab hold of nordberg -~ accidentally of the tong . teaches its apex , hed to rocco be whipping by he . he hard on it . 363 stretch to its full length -~ desperately try rocco reach out , grab the bomb out ( conrinuzp ) tthtr ht = gas * ae oe Rev. iol - bete , 120 . 363 conrrnuzp , ; . 363 just then , the @lasticity of the cord kick in and , likea * bungee jumper , rocco sproing back upward , jetting into the rafter with a shriek . he crash through the roof of the shrine ( matte shot ) . 364 ext . shrine - night 364 above the huge sign that feada : " sixty -sixth annual academy award " the bomb explode in the night sky . . firework over . the shrine , . 364a angle - older couple 3644 pass on the street below , see the pyrotechnic display , shake they head . older man ( disgust ) Hollywood ! the older woman snort in agreement . 365 int . shrine ~ catwalk 365 Jane throw she arm around Frank . they kiss big time . + + 366 0 angle - avprrorrum 366 Big applause from everyone in theater . 367 resume - frank and jane 367 slide down the last few foot to stage on @ rope . ( continued ) rev : tol - qurt 121.7 367 continued : 367 she hang onto he neck , shower he with kiss . Frank 's hair blow in the breeze -- the perfect hero . they touchdown . nordberg , Crew , celeb , cop , all crowd around . Frank and Jane do not notice , they be too busy stare lovingly into each other 's eye . . : frare '' Jane , I never want we to be apart x again . Frank put she ring back on she finger . jane oh , Frank . you like I ... you really like I ! another big kiss . 368 angle - audience 368 cut to we celeb . not a dry eyé in the house . everyone applaud . conspicuously in the middle of the audience be waldo , wear he stripped sweater , hold he little weiner dog . .368a angle - backstage 368a Ed wrapping up loose end , look for he hat . a uniform officer lead Tanya over . Tanya 's dress in a short kimono , hold Ed 's fedora over she crotch . she give Ed the big eye . officer what do I do with this one ? ed Book she . the Officer pull Tanya 's hand behind she , slap on the cuff . Ed look . his hat 's still hang on Tanya 's crotch . we realize now something else be hold it up . the Officer start to lead Tanya away . Ed call after they . : ed ( cont would ) keep the hat ... 369 angle - frank and jane 369 finally break . Ed join they and , along with nordberg , all wave to audience . music swell . dissolve to : - r@v. 11 /3 - yellow 122. 370 through 373 374 375 376 377 378 omitted 370 through 373 int . hospital maternity ward corridor ~ Day a7 R prank and nordberg burat through the door wear hospital green . they barrel down the hallway . angle ~ inside delivery room 375 >» a pair of woman 's rset in the atizrup , a doctor between the knee . doctor push ! bear down now and push ! the door suddenly fly open . Frank and nordberg slam into the room , Frank have a camcorder to he eye . frank Jane ! 1 make iti Frank 's here now ! angle - frame 's Pov through camcorder - 376 x eet hi the woman on the bed . there 's a loud wail as another contraction wrack through she . woman abhhbhh faaaaaaaaa ! resume - frank 377 4e move in closer to the dector . , frank breath , honey ! breath , Jane ! angle ~ franks Pov through camcorder - tee doctor 378 * scream of pain over . doctor he 's almost ont ! '' caf see though head : frank ( 0.8 . ) rear that , Jane ? it 's a boy ! doctor one more push ... that 's it ! I have hint aslap . a baby crib out . fhe doctcr hoist the infant into view ... the child be obviously African - american . Rev. 11 /3 - yellow 123. 379 angle ~ frank i surprise . he pull the camcorder away from he face , can not believe he eye . he turn to hordberg , stunne , do a double - take . his ehye narrow . frank ( accuse ) nordberg ! nordberg put up he hand . nordberg no ... Frank ...2 never ... yeow ! Frank have pull out he gun . nordberg bolt for the door , rush into the hall . 380 angle - hallway 380 * prank , brandish the gun , exit the room in het porsoit of nordberg . as he pass another room , bd come out , push Jane in a wheelchair . Jane tenderly cradle Frank 's real son . 2d calle after Frank . ed Frank ! it 's a boy ! 381 angle - frank 381 i angry beyond reason . frank I know ! continue he pursuit of wordberg , firing he gun wildly . waked gun thre kick in strong , emd title .