" red dragon " screenplay by Michael Mann second draft July 20 , 1984 ext . marathon , florida , beach - graham + crawford - day the highlit aqua water burn out section of the two man impose in front of it . the beach be white sand . jack crawford -- mid-forty , large -- come down from Washington . his suitcoat over the driftwood log and he roll - up white sleeve say City , not Florida key . will graham -- late thirty -- in a fade Hawaiian number and sun-bleach vio - let short , belong . Graham smoke . Crawford drink from a glass of iced tea . then : crawford I should have catch you at the boat yard when you get off work . you do not want to talk about it here ... graham I do not want to talk about it anywhere . ( beat ) if you bring picture , leave they in the briefcase . Molly and Kevin will be back soon . crawford how much do you know ? graham what be in the ' Miami Herald ' and the ' Times . ' ( beat ) Confession ? crawford eighty -six so far . all crank . he smashes the mirror and use the piece . ( beat ) none of they know that ; graham what else do you keep out of the papers ? crawford blond , right -hande , really strong , wear a size eleven shoe . the print be all smooth glove . he 's on a full moon cycle . both time . his blood be ab positive . graham somebody hurt he ? crawford typed he from semen . he 's a secretor . Crawford take a sip of the iced tea and look at Graham . 2 . Graham flip he cigarette into the surf . crawford will ... you see this in the papers . the second one be all over tv . do you ever think about givin ' I a call ? graham no . crawford why not ? graham the Bureau already have the best lab . plus you have Bloom at the University of Chicago ... crawford and I get you down here fix fuckin ' boat motor . graham you do not need I . I would not be useful to you anymore , Jack . crawford last two like this we have , you catch . graham that be three year ago . and by do the same thing you and the rest of they at the lab be do . crawford that 's not entirely true , will . it 's the way you think . graham I think there have be a lot of bullshit about the way I think . ( beat ) I come down here to get away from all that . crawford you look all right now . graham I be all right . Crawford pull two picture from he shirt pocket . he keep they face down . they draw at will . Crawford know this . 3 . crawford if you can not look anymore , I understand ... graham as long as they be dead ... crawford this be all dead , will . picture if we expect gory crime photo , this be not they . two snapshot : a woman follow by three child and a duck carry picnic item up a bank of a pond . a second family behind a birthday cake at a table . they be all smile . close : graham look at the picture for a full twenty second . then he put they down and look along the beach . graham' Pov : molly + kevin kevin -- lanky and tall at eleven -- hunker down at the water 's edge , 50 yard away examine something in the sand . molly -- suntan , blonde and sensuous at thirty stand watch the two man , she hand on she hip . wave careen around she ankle . her body language openly state hostility . it 's towards Crawford . graham ( o.s. ) let 's talk after dinner . stay and eat . crawford ( o.s. ) i'll come back later . I get message at the holiday Inn to collect Molly start walk forward . on it ... CUT to : int . graham' kitchen - molly + graham - night be do dish . Graham wipe while Molly wash . molly he stop by to see I at the shop before he come out here . graham what do he want ? 4 . molly he ask how you be . graham and you say ? molly I say you be fine , he should leave you the hell alone . graham I be a forensic specialist , Molly . you have see my diploma ? ( sarcastic ) I get a diploma and everything . molly you mend a crack in the wallpaper with you diploma . ( heat ) you be open and easy now ... it take you a lot of work to get to that ... graham we have it good , do not we ? molly all the thing that happen to you before make you know that ... there be a soft plead in she voice . graham what the hell can I do ? molly ( after a pause ) what you have already decide . you be not really ask . graham if I be ? molly ( face he ) stay here with I . me. me. me. and kevin. ( heat ) that 's selfish , huh ? graham ( touch the side of she face ) I do not care . ( beat > he will never see I or know my name . if we find he , the police will have to take he down . not I , I be just look at evidence . 5 . as he put a arm around Molly ... CUT to : ext . beach - kevin - twilight be work in the sand . behind he Graham be stapling chicken wire to two foot-high fence post . kevin will it keep they out ? graham yeah . .. kevin how many turtle egg you think be in here ? graham in this hatchery ? forty to fifty . kevin crab would get most of the newborn before they make it to the sea , huh ? graham yeah , but not now .. this will all make it ... guarantee . CUT to : ext . graham house - crawford + molly - night on the porch swing . Beyond they at the water 's edge Graham nothing to each other the fence . Crawford and Molly say or a while . then , finally : molly whatever I say , you will take he away , will not you ? crawford I have to . molly you be he friend , Jack . why can not you leave he alone ? crawford because it 's he bad luck to be special . molly he think you want he to look at evidence . 6 . crawford nobody 's better with evidence . but he have the other thing , too . he do not like that part of it ... molly you would not like it , either if you have it . there be a pause between they . Molly light a cigarette . Crawford lean forward , rest he thick , pale , forearm on he knee . crawford talk about ' like , ' you do not like I very much , do you ? molly no. ( beat ) I do not like people who park in the ' handicapped zone ' ... crawfrod i'll try to keep he as far away from it as I can ... CUT to : ext . atlanta STREET - wide - night small poplar line the curb . it rain . the sidewalk be wet . they be drying in splotches . the street be desert . the front walk vertically bisect the frame . a Atlanta Police department car pull to the curb and stop . the door open , lighting the interior and will Graham start out the passenger side . graham ( distant ) thanks for the lift . officer I will come inside with you , if you like , but Mr. Crawford say you would probably want to be alone . graham that 's right . offtcer there 's a vtr setup wait in you hotel room , that you ask for they transfer the home movie of both family once half - inch vhs . 7 . graham ( get out ) thanks . Graham exit the car and walk toward we . we pan around as he move through extreme closeup and see the Leeds family house with all of the Atlanta Police department " crime scene " posting Graham do not enter the front door . be walk around the side . CUT to : int . leed house , kitchen - wide - night Three big slide glass door . the center one have be be - place with plywood . it 's dark . a flashlight 's beam start play through the bush in the side yard .. , then the light appear and blast in the lens . it light lot of dish in the sink . the dark kitchen look like anybody 's kitchen . the house feel occupy . the leed 's possession have be undisturbed . close : glass door we hear the lock click and the door slide open as Graham enter . it 's like he 's a burglar . graham' feet walk through the kitchen as if he know where he be go . a thermostat click and air conditioning come on loudly . Graham 's foot pass we of frame ... int . leed house , second story - floor be empty . the carpet be dark . we hear Graham 's footstep up the stair . then he foot enter the frame and a flash - light beam hit the carpet . it dwell on a couple of dark stain . track with Graham 's foot to the entry to the master bedroom . the bedroom be dark . we see nothing . int . leed master bedroom - light switch Graham 's hand enter . he hit the light switch . blood scream at we from the wall . close : graham do not visibly react . 8 . wider - graham move into the room . the bloodstain be extensive . half the wall look like a monochromatic Jackson pollock . the mirror be smashed . tape outline on the mattress indi - cate where the body have be find . Graham open the file he carry contain autopsy , lab and crime report . overhead angle - graham stand alone in the middle of the master bedroom . the crime scene -- the disarray , the big splashes of arterial blood on the wall , the smashed mirror , tape outline or body -- be a testament to a violence that be pornographic . Graham pull out a tape recorder and start dictating he own note , thumbing through various report for reference . graham intruder enter through kitchen slide door . probably a glass cutter . why do not he care that he leave ab saliva on the glass ? it be hot out that night . inside , the house must ' have be pleasantly cool to he . ( beat ) the intruder cut Charles Leeds ' throat as he lay asleep beside Mrs. Leeds . he shot Mrs. Leeds as she be rise ... bullet enter the right of she navel and lodge in she lumbar spine , but she die of strangulation ... increase of serotonin and free histimine level in the gunshot wound indicate ... she live at least five minute after she be shot ... all she other injury be post-mortem . ( beat > then he go toward the child 's room . ( beat ) direction and velocity of blood stain on the east wall indicate arterial spray . ;. with he throat cut , Mr. Leeds still try to fight . because the intruder be move to the child 's room ... ( beat ) in the child 's room the intruder shot the first boy in bed . second boy be find in bed , but dustball indicate he be drag out from under he bed to be shot ... ( more ) 9 . graham ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) profusion of bloodstain and matte slide mark on hall carpet and west wall of master bedroom remain unexplain ... as do superficial ligature mark around Mr. leed 's chest , believe to be post-mortem . what do the killer do with they after they be dead ? and before he put the boy back in they bed ? CUT to : znt . leed bathroom - medicine cabinet - night be dark . we see nothing . Light come on . Graham enter . he rest he hand on the side of the sink . he turn on the water . he pop two pill , cup he hand under the faucet and drink . he look at himself in the mirror . be be breathe normally . over he shoulder he see ... zoom into : mrs . leed ' pantyhose still hang on a towel railing over the bathtub . Graham be stare at the normal domesticity of a family bathroom . he do not let it unnerve he . CUT to : ext . leed ' house ; porch roof - wide - night the window open and Graham climb onto the porch roof and sit on the gritty shingles . we be look for a distress reaction . there be none . Graham be clamp down . Beyond he , the light of Atlanta and the star be brilliant ... more brilliant than they ought to be . the Delta aquirid meteor shower 's at its maximum this be not a normal image . he take out he tape recorder again . graham there 's a wicker dog bed on the back porch . there 's a doghouse in the back yard . where 's the dog ? hold on Graham . CUT to : int . atlanta hyatt house , elevator - wide - night Graham riding up with two half - drunk conventioneers with big " hi " badge . one conventioneer be look over at the lobby below . 10 . a good-look woman in a floral dress walk underneath they . Graham be lean against the glass . conventioneer # 1 ... like to rip I off a piece of that ! conventioneer # 2 fuck she ' till she nose bleed . the other crack up . graham snap alert and stare at conventioneer # 2 . conventioneer # 2 sip he gin and tonic , sense Graham 's stare . he smile : conventioneer # 1 what the fuck be you lookin ' at ? Graham look away . the elevator stop . the door open . conventioneer # 1 drag conventioneer # 2 . conventioneer #l ( be pull out of elevator ) what be you , a faggot ? both conventioneer laugh as they walk down the hall . conventioneer # 1 wiggle he fat hip and ape a limp wrist Graham look away . CUT to : znt . holiday znn room - vtr monitor : leed family - night we be see a videotape transfer of the Leeds family home movie . Mr. Leeds and Mrs. Leeds be behind the table while the youngest boy be in the center . his brother sit next to he . the birthday cake have eleven candle on it . all be mouth silently : " happy birthday to you , happy birth - day to you ... " Mrs. Leeds have she arm cross underneath she breast . she 's a young mother , sensual and warm . she 's smile . the camera must be on a tripod because Mr. Leeds run into the frame tousle he son 's hair and kiss he wife 's cheek . he have thinning hair . he 's a big man . he look like a nice guy . he dart out of the frame back to the camera . they finish sing . the youngest Leeds boy blow out the candle . Mr. Leeds hold up for the camera a large yellow envelope that say : " follow the ribbon . " a big yellow ribbon be attach to the envelope . 11 . the camera pan right as the youngest Leeds boy start to follow the ribbon ... the image suddenly ours out . video noise . graham have hit the stop button . he pick up a measure field sketch of the master bedroom . the bloodstain be represent in outline . Three be along the leave wall . the arterial splashes from Mr. Leeds be on the right wall . Mr. and Mrs. Leeds ' body position be indicate on the king -size mat - tress . graham ( into the tape recorder ) when they be dead -- except possibly Mrs. Leeds -- he smashed the mirror and begin select shard that he use later on Mrs. Leeds ... what do he do in the interval ? struggle with Mr. Leeds and kill the other would take less than a minute . what else ? ( beat ) Three bloodstain on the east wall , not from Mr. leed 's arterial spray . what do killer do after they be dead ? Graham can not go any further . he be frustrated . he pick up the phone and dial . he wait . then : graham ( into phone ) Molly ? molly ( v.o. ) ( asleep ) huh ? ( beat ) will ? be that you ? graham it 's I . I will call you tomorrow , sweetheart . go back to sleep . ( beat ) I love you ... molly ( v.o. ) mmmmh ... I love you , too , will . good night . will hang up the phone . he reach over and punch " play " on the vtr . 12 . wide shot : the room - graham vtr back up , start to play and we see the image of Mrs. Leeds again in the home movie : they follow the yellow rib - bon down the stair to a bicycle . it 's indoors . it 's rain - ing outside . the eleven - year- old Leeds boy be ecstatic . Mrs. Leeds smile . graham ( into tape recorder ) you move the kid after you kill they , do not you ? do you arrange they for you performance with Mrs. Leeds on they bed ? do you tie Mr. Leeds sit up in bed ? that 's the postmortem ligature on he chest . do you make they you audience ? do you open they eye ? there be something you can not afford for I to know about . be not there ? Mrs. Leeds be lovely , be not she ? it be madden to have to wear glove when you touch she , be not it ? ( beat ) there be talcum powder on she leg . there be no talcum powder in the bathroom . ( beat ) the powder they find come out of a rubber glove as you pull it off to touch she . you take off you glove to touch she . didn 't you , you son-of-a-bitch ?! you touch she with you bare hand ! and then you put the glove back a . and you wipe she down ! while you glove be off ? ( shout ) did you OPEN there eye ? there dead eye ?! fast movement : graham' hand snake out and hit the " stop " button on the vtr . phone be pick up and we move with it to he face . Graham punch number into the phone . he wait . he clamp dawn again . he be cold , calm . graham Jack , this be Graham . be price still in latent print ? 13. crawford ( v.o. ) he 's work on the single print index . what time be it ? get he to Atlanta . crawford ( v.o. ) you say the guy down here be good . graham he be good . bur not as good as price . crawford ( v.o. ) what do you want to do ? graham Mrs. Leeds ' fingernails and toenail . I think he take off he glove , Jack . ( heat ) and dust all the corneas of all they eye . CUT to : int . atlanta detective bureau - moving with graham , crawford + springfield - day down the corridor . springfield we people swear he wear surgeon ' glove the whole time . they dust everything . graham the report do not mention nail and eye . springfield why do you think he take he glove off ? graham Mrs. Leeds be a good-look woman . I would want to touch she skin in a intimate situation , would not you ? springfield ( sudden distaste ) ' intimate ? ! " graham yes. ' intimate . ' they have privacy . ( beat ) everybody else be dead . 14 . Springfield look at Graham . Springfield need answer , not voodoo . then they enter the squad room . twenty detective sit at desk . Graham and Crawford move to the back of the class . springfield all right . House to house interview will be extend four additional block . R & I have loan we two clerk to help cross -match airline reservation between Birmingham last month and between Atlanta now . ( beat ) Dr. princi . dr . dominique princi , Chief Medical examiner for fulton County , walk to the front and stand under a draw of tooth . he hold 's up a dental cast . dr . princi this be what the subject 's tooth look like . the smithsonian in Washington reconstruct they from the impression we take of bite mark off the Leeds woman here and off the jacobi woman last month in Birmingham . ( beat ) as you can see , he have peg lateral incisor -- the tooth here and here . the tooth look like tooth from a small bear . springfield investigator Graham have work this kind of thing before . can you add anything ? Graham do not like talk in public . he stutter and start to say something ... springfield can not hear you . can you come up to the front ? Graham walk to the front of the room . graham he may have a history of bite -- barroom fight or child abuse . springfield he only bit woman so far , right ? graham that 's all we know about . ( more ) 15 . graham ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) most of the time in sex assault the bite mark have a livid spot in the center . a suck mark . this do not . so , for he , bite may be a fight pattern as much as sexual behavior . ( beat ) you could try emergency room personnel , treatment for bite wound . I know that 's pretty thin ... ( beat ) he bite a lot . springfield what 's average ? graham sex murder : three . he like to bite . six bad one in Mrs. Leeds . eight in Mrs. jacobi ... ( beat ) ... that 's all I have . Graham sit down . springfield all right . vice and narcotics , take the k-y cowboy and the leather bar . Marcus and Whitman head up at the funeral . the rest of you , you assignment be on the sheet . let 's go . they start to rise . Springfield remember . springfield one more thing : I have hear officer refer to the killer as the ' tooth Fairy . ( on laughter ) yeah , yeah , but I do not want to hear that in public or internal memoranda . that 's it . detective file out . Crawford and Graham remain . Springfield cross to they and they wait for all the other detective to leave . springfield ( to Crawford ) we do not have shit , and we know it . Dr. princi join they . 16 . springfield ( to Graham ) the commissioner be say you be the one that catch Dr. lecktor three year ago . ( beat ) he kill nine people , do not he ? graham nine that we know of . two do not die . springfield what happen to they ? graham one 's on the respirator at a hospital in Baltimore . the other be in a private mental hospital in Denver . springfield what do the psychologist say be wrong with lecktor ? graham psychologist call he a sociopath . they do not know what else to call he . springfield what would you call he ? Graham do not answer . springfield to yourself ... graham I call he a monster . springfield I understand he cut you pretty good ... graham ( cold right turn > what about the dog ? springfield it 's at the vet 's . the kid bring it in with a puncture wound in the abdomen . icepick or a awl . graham be the dog wear a collar with the Leeds ' name on it ? springfield no. 17 . graham do the jacobis in Birmingham have a dog ? crawford ( alert ) a cat . we find a litter box downstairs but not the cat . neighbor be watch for it . graham why do not you get Birmingham p.d. a methane probe out of D.C. and have they cover the backyard ... maybe the cat 's dead and the kid bury it . Crawford start to move . the phone ring . Springfield answer . springfield yeah ? ( wait ) lemme put you on the speaker phone . jimmie price ( v.o. ) who be I talk to ? crawiiord jimmie , it 's I , Jack Crawford , and you get will Graham here . jimmie price ( v.o. ) I get a partial with a tent arch that 's probably a thumb print and a fragment of a palm . Springfield react . jimmie price ( v.o. ) come off the oldest kid 's leave eye . it stand out against a eight - ball hemorrhage from the gunshot wound . crawford can you make a identification off it ? jimmie price ( v.o. ) do not know . the palm come off the nail of Mrs. Leeds ' leave big toe . I want to work this up in my own darkroom . I will fax the print down to you this afternoon . hang up . 18 . springfield think Graham be ridiculous . now he expression be very change . graham sense Springfield 's stare at he . Graham 's face be blank . he leave . Springfield -- shaking Crawford 's hand -- watch Graham all the way to the door . CUT to : ext . atlanta police headquarters - graham 's crawford - day come down the stair . News media be all over Springfield , the commissioner , the Mayor 's p.r. Officer in the b.g. no - body recognize Crawford and Graham except one short man , who separate himself from the pack and dart up to they . he be lound . he start chase behind they . lound will Graham ! remember I ? freddie lound ? I cover the lecktor case for the tattler . I do the paperback ... ! close : graham walk down the stair . his face be lock like a steel trap . he 's repress something powerful . lound ( run on , behind they ) when do they call you in , will ? what have you get ? Graham will not answer he . they be on the sidewalk by now . crawford lound , give it a rest ... lound come on , Graham ?! talk to I ! Graham and Crawford be move dawn the sidewalk now . Crawford try to block lound . lound move around he , dogging Graham : lound how do this guy compare with lecktor ? how do he do they ? right now he make the mistake of grab Graham 's arm to turn he around . 19 . graham grab lound by the label , kick he leg out from under he and throw he over the hood of a car upside - down . the impact star the windshield lound be scared to death . the violence totally surprise we . Graham 's face be inch from lound . graham ( very low ) keep the fuck away from I ! Crawford be pull on Graham . he can not budge he . Graham let go . wider : crawford pulling graham away down the sidewalk and lound who slide off the car hood and land on all four . crawford ( over he shoulder to lound ) get the hell away from here , lound ! CUT to : int . diner , booth - graham + crawford - day Graham be stare into the black deep recess of he coffee . Crawford be look at he . finally : graham ... snuck in the hospital while I be sedate , flip back the sheet and shot picture . the only decent thing he do be run a black square over my ball ... crawford I know ... Graham look away . then he light another cigarette . graham ( back to business ) Atlanta and Birmingham can run the thumb print against know sex offender . five will get you ten they do not come up with a identification . jimmie may in the finder program ... if he 's ever be print and in he index . 20 . crawford say we have arrest a good suspect . you walk in and see he . what be there about he that do not surprise you ? graham I do not know , Jack . he 's get no face for I . crawford you can tell something about he or we would not have find the finger print . .. graham . do not expect too much from I , Jack , all right ? ( pause ) we will get he one way or the other . crawford what 's one way ? graham we find a event that connect both family . same vacation hotel ; same hospital , different time . then we check employee and come up with a male nurse , hairdresser , whatever ... ( beat ) if we find out how he find they , then we will find he . crawford we be run it through the computer now . so far there 's no event or service that double back into both family . plus they be big consumer : snowmobile , fishing trip , scuba , videogame , lot of routine medical and dental . it 's a haystack . ( beat ) what 's the other ? graham he make noise go in and the husband get to a gun in time . crawford no other possibility ? graham you think I be gonna spot he ' across a crowded room ? ' that 's ezio pinza you be think about . ( more ) 21 . graham ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) the tooth Fairy will go on until we get smart or get lucky . he will not stop . crawford why ? graham because he have a genuine taste for it , Jack . crawford see ? you do know something about he . graham ( long stare at Crawford ; then ) ... I be go to see lecktor . Crawford 's cup of coffee stop in front of he mouth : crawford for Christ 's sake , why ? graham ( matter -of -fact ) to recover the mind set . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - graham - day in the middle of pack . then the phone ring . molly ( v.o. ) hello , hotshot ! graham hey , baby ! where be you ? molly ( v.o. ) at the store . you doin ' some good ? graham none you would notice . I be lonely ... molly ( V ,o . ) I , too . and very erotic ... graham tell I about yourself . molly ( v.o. ) which part ? that or the day - to-day . 22 . graham ( laugh ) let 's keep it the day - to - day stuff . ( beat ) how 's Kevin ? molly ( v.o. ) Kevin 's fine . he have to recover the turtle egg you two fence in . the dog dig they up . tell I what you be do . graham eat junk food . ( beat ) they do not have a lock on anything , Molly . there 's not enough information . or I have not do enough with it ... molly ( v.o. ) will you be in Atlanta for a while ? I be not buggin ' you about come home , I just wonder . graham Z do not know . I be goin ' up to Baltimore this afternoon . molly ( v.o. ) to do what ? graham I have to see somebody . there be a silence . Graham do not want to tell she that he be go to see lecktor . Molly stay cool , she do not pursue it . molly ( v.o. ) I be think about painting the kitchen . what color do you like , will ? be you there ? graham ( come back ) yeah . ah ... yellow , let 's paint it yellow . molly ( v.o. ) yellow 's a bad color for I . i'll look green at breakfast . graham Blue , then . molly ( v.o. ) Blue be cold . 23. graham hey , goddamn it , paint it shit - brown for all I care ... ( beat ) look , I be sorry . when I come home , we will go to the paint store together and get some chip and ... Molly interrupt : molly ( v.o. ) will , I do not know why I be talk about this stuff ... ( beat ) I call to tell you : I love you and I miss you . and you be do the right thing . it 's cost you , too . and I know that . and I be here . i'll be here whenever you come home . or I will meet you anywhere . anytime . that 's what I call to say ... Graham hold the phone close to he . as if it be a part of Molly herself . graham Molly , dear Molly . go to bed now , baby . .. molly ( v.o . ) graham I love you ... wide shot : graham slowly hang up the phone . he sit , round - shoulder , on the bed . all over the room be clothes out of drawer and closet , videotape and file : the mess of be only half - pack . CUT to : int . chesapeake state hospital for criminally insane dr . chilton - day dr . chilton Dr. Bloom call I yesterday , Mr. Graham . or should I call you Dr. Graham ? graham ( o.s. ) I be not a doctor . ( beat ) I need to see lecktor in as much privacy as possible . 24 . two shot Graham sit in front of he desk in a chair . he appear repress , clamp down . Dr. chilton be a sincere Chief of staff , but not gift . dr . chilton Dr. lecktor will stay in he room . that be absolutely the only place where he be not put in full body restraint . one wall of he room be a double barrier . I will have a chair put just outside . graham I might have to show he some material that could stimulate he . dr . chilton as long as it 's on soft paper . you may ( pause ) find this curious . he pull a ekg tape from a drawer and point to the spiky line . dr . chilton here lecktor 's rest on the examine table get a electrocardiogram . complain of chest pain . pulse seventy - two . here he grab the nurse 's head and pull she down to he . here he 's subdued by the attendant and lecktor 's shoulder be dislocate . do you notice the strange thing ? ( pause ) his pulse never get over eighty - five . even when he tore into she face . Dr. chilton look over at Graham , perhaps expect a. response . there be nothing to read in Graham 's face . it be a blank . dr . chilton the consensus around here be that the only person who have demonstrate any practical understanding of Dr. hannibal lecktor be you , Mr. Graham . can you tell I anything about he ? graham no . 25 . dr . chilton when you see Dr. lecktor 's murder , they ' style , ' so to speak , be you able to reconstruct he fantasy ? and do that help you identify he ? dr . chilton look at Graham . Dr. chilton have see a lot of hostility . right now he 's see some more . graham ( stand ) I want to see lecktor now . dr . chilton uh ... sure ... int . maximum security section - door - day we hear three lock open . the door open . Graham enter . a attendant behind Graham close the door and we hear the bolt lock again . as Graham be walk towards we , we widen and track in . it make the b.g. disorient as we get closer to Graham 's face . the camera drop as Graham sit in a single chair . we have not yet see what Graham look at . now : graham' Pov : barred cell a 6x10 cage . in the center of the bar separate Graham from the occupant be a three - foot-square perspex sheet . the occupant can not get at someone sit in front of he . in the perspex square be a letter -- pass drawer . in the cell -- lay on he bunk -- be dr . hannibal lecktor . he appear to be asleep . his back be to Graham . he have not stir . then : lecktor that 's the same atrocious aftershave you wear in court three year ago . graham I keep get it for Christmas . close : lecktor' head turn to we . his small eye drill into Graham 's brain . lecktor 's attitude be professionally psychiatric , as if Graham be the patient . lecktor do you get my card ? graham I get it . thank you . 26 . graham ' S struggle will be to keep lock - down inside himself all he emotional reaction . lecktor and how be Officer Stuart ? the one who be the first to see my basement . graham Stuart be fine . lecktor emotional problem , I hear . he be a very promise young officer . do you ever have any problem , will ? graham no . lecktor of course , you do not . ( pause ) I be glad you come . my caller be all professional . clinical psychiatrist from cornfield college somewhere . second -rater , the lot . graham Dr. Bloom show I you article on surgical addiction in the journal of clinical psychiatry . lecktor and ? graham very interesting , even to a layman . lecktor roll around and examine the term " layman " in he head . then : lecktor a layman.. , layman . interesting term . so many expert on government grant . and you say you be a ' layman ? ' but it be you who catch I , be not it , will ? do you know how you do it ' graham you have read the transcript . it 's all there . lecktor no it 's not . do you know how you do it will ? 27 . graham it 's in the transcript . what do it matter now ? lecktor ( smile ) it do not matter to I , will . graham I want you to help I , Dr. lecktor . lecktor yes , I think so . graham it 's about Atlanta and Birmingham . lecktor yes . graham you read about it , I be sure . lecktor in the papers . I do not rear out the article . ( laugh ) I would not want they to think I be dwelling on anything morbid . you want to know how he 's choose they , do not you ? graham I think you would have some idea . lecktor why should I tell you ? graham there be thing you do not have . Research material ... I could speak to the Chief of staff ...? lecktor chilton ? gruesome , be not he ? he fumble at you head like a freshman pull at a panty girdle . ( laugh ; ) he actually try to give I a thematic and apperception test . hah . Sat there wait for mf - 13 to come up . it 's a card with a woman in bed and a man in the foreground . I be suppose to avoid a sexual interpretation . I laugh in he face . ( beat ) never mind , it 's boring . 28 . graham you will get to see the file on this case . and there 's another reason . lecktor pray tell . graham I think you might be curious to find we if you be smarter than the person I be look for . lecktor then by implication , you think that you be smarter than I , since you catch I . graham no . I know that I be nor smarter than you be . lecktor then how do you catch I , will ? graham you have disadvantage . lecktor what disadvantage ?. graham you be insane . lecktor you be very tan , will . Graham do not answer , if anything happen , there be a tightening of the musculature repress he reaction to lecktor . lecktor you hand be rough . they do not look like a cop 's hand anymore . that shave lotion be something a child would select . it have a ship on the bottle , do not it ? another silence . lecktor 's eye look as if they be drilling into Graham 's head , try to find out thing . try to find a way to hurt Graham . he 's very threaten . then relax : lecktor do not think you can persuade I with appeal to my intellectual vanity . 29 . graham I do not think I will persuade you . you will do it or you will not . Dr. Bloom be work a it anyway , and he 's the best ... lecktor ( interrupt ) do you have the file with you graham yes . lecktor picture ? graham yes . lecktor let I have they , , and I might consider it . graham no . lecktor do you dream much , will ? graham good-bye , Dr. lecktor . lecktor you have not threaten to take away my book yet . Graham get up and start to walk away . lecktor let I have the file . then I will tell you what I think . Graham stop at the door before he knock for the attendant . then he fold the abridge file tightly into the slide tray . lecktor pull it through . graham sit in the chair . he want a cigarette . he do not take one . he wait . and he watch . what he see : 30 . graham' Pov : extreme close pan through cell op dr . lecktor toothbrush , mirror , sink , sryrofoam cup , soft paper jour - nal , t-shirt , neatly stack hospital pad , sneaker with - no shoelace , the wall , seatless toilet bowl , etc , etc all the object be brilliantly light with sharp bluish light . they edge be sharper and more define than normal . the shadow of the bar make hard - edge stripe . it be a high resolution , highly brilliant sec of image . it feel like a hyper- perception of reality , a super- realism perceive by the mind of Graham . it be interrupt when : lecktor ( o.s. ) there be a very shy boy , will . graham snap back to the present , look at lecktor . lecktor what be the yard like ? graham Big backyard , fence , some hedge , why ? lecktor because , my dear will , if this pilgrim imagine he have a relationship with the full moon , he might go outside and look at it . have you see blood in moonlight , will ? it appear quite black . if one be nude , it would be better to have outdoor privacy for this sort of thing . graham that 's interesting . lecktor it 's not ' interesting ' . you think of it before . graham yes . I would consider it . lecktor you come here to look at I , will . to get the old scent again , do not you ? graham I want you opinion . 31 . lecktor I do not have one right now . graham when you do have one I would like to hear it . lecktor May I keep the file ? graham I have not decide yet . lecktor I will study it , will . when you get more file , I would like to see they , too . you can call I . when I have to call my lawyer , they bring I a telephone . would you like to give I you home number ? threat . graham no . lecktor do you know how you catch I , will ? graham Goodbye , Dr. lecktor . you can leave message for I at the number on the file . Graham bang on the door . lock be start to be unlock . Graham can not wait to get out of here . he want the lock to get unlock faster ! lecktor do you know how you catch I ? the door be now open . Graham fight down the impulse to run through . as Graham -- control -- step out , what he hear be : lecktor ( o.s. ) the reason you catch I , will , be : we be just alike . you want the scent ? smell yourself . the door slam shut on lecktor . CUT to : 32 . int . chesapeake : state hospital for the criminally insane , corridor - graham - day walk down the corridor . he 's very stiff . he 's walk towards the outside door . the door be a rectangle of white light that send dagger of brilliance across the highly polished institution 's floor . Graham walk for the light . CUT to : ext . chesapeake state hospital for the criminally insane - entrance - day the door slam open and Graham come out into daylight and air . the air be tactile to he . he can almost feel the mote of dust and light that swim freely . he breathes . graham' Pov : grass be dapple with pointillist point of color : a spectral breakup . as it return to a normal green ... tight shot : graham breathes . he stand in front of the sign on the building : " chesapeake state hospital for the criminally insane . " he lean against the railing and breathes clean air . the image be flatten in a long lens . we hear a click . it focus and de-focuse . CUT to : int . cxr - freddie lound - day be photograph Graham with a Nikon and a 500 mm Questar reflector . be put the camera to he eye again and hit the button . the motor drive knock off three shot . CUT to : int . g:, teway lab - screen divide into four quadrant - dav the quadrant display 4 home movie at six time normal speed : a old couple , 2 man , a baby and a family . the fam - ily quadrant slow to normal . we tighten in on it . we will come to know this people as the sherman . a 11 - year-old boy , a i4 - year - old girl , Mr. sherman and Mrs. sherman . a handmade sign say : " the new house - swimming pool . " Mrs. sherman have brown hair . she wear a bikini . she have a nice body . she 's sensuous and tan in she thirty . she dive into the pool . the next shot : water . out of the water surface Mrs. sherman . she shake she head and water spray off she hair . 33 . a couple drop hit the lens and diffuse a small area of the image . Mrs. sherman put she hand on the side of the pool and shove down to hoist herself out . her breast be glis - tening . her tooth be white . she smile at the camera . whoever control the console put Mrs. sherman in reverse . it run forward again . Mrs. sherman 's glisten body come we of the water ... rear shot : console and a man Beyond be the screen . the man at the console be francis dollarhyde . he have a weightlifter 's body . we do not see he face . Black goggle with red lense be on the console . he put they on and watch Mrs. sherman ... CUT to : int . negative processing room - door - day it slam open . dollarhyde enter and walk through the dim green light past the developer in he black goggle with red lense . thousands of foot of negative move through the tank on roller . dollarhyde walk past the bath . we track with he to the door . CUT to : int . light trap - door - day slam open . dollarhyde enter . as he reach the next door ... CUT to : int . dryer room - dollarhyde - day enter and we track with he past film snake across pul - ley and roller through the drying cabinet . as dollarhyde pass the dryer ... int . cafeteria - dollarhyde - day in the brilliant aluminum and peach cafeteria get coffee . a newspaper 's under he arm . as he wait to pay , eileen approach . she , too , wear goggle , but on a lanyard around she neck . she 's petite , fragile . dollarhyde tower over she . eileen Mr. dollarhyde ? closer - dollarhyde look up . 34 . his face bear the scar of a Z -plast procedure to fix a harelip and cleft palate . immediately , in characteristic gesture , he curl he right hand under he nose to hide he Z-plast scar . dollarhyde yes , eileen . eileen Bill tell I to tell you there be a variation in the gamma of the number three developer . but he catch it . dollarhyde and ? eileen on the densitometer it come out within tolerance . dollarhyde thank you , eileen . graciously dollarhyde let she go first and then he cross to a empty table . he open he newspaper . track across francis dollarhme's back where the fabric stretch between he shoulder blade and past he cheap haircut 's line at the nape of he neck into he leave shoulder to reveal he 's read the National tattler . it 's about will Graham with a freddie lound byline . the only word we catch be : " FBI manhunter consult fiend who try to kill him , by freddie lound . " we also catch : " the tooth Fairy - psychopathic slayer of entire families in Birmingham and Atlanta ... " close : francis dollabhyde take off the black goggle with red lense . his eye be white violet . he turn the page . national tattler' old picture of grahaei it 's the one lound take after Graham be slashed by lecktor . it 's a black - and - white square image of a sleep man with a myriad of tube run into he stomach and a temporary colostomy bag . a black square be impose over he genitals . the caption read : " Federal manhunter will Graham recover - ing from near - fatal slash by hannibal ' the cannibal ' lecktor . " 35 . extremely close : second image of will graham in newsprint , the one lound take at the chesapeake hospi - tal . the half - tone dot comorise the image be visible . dollarhyde 's massive finger slide across the image , brush - ing it sensitively . it work its way to Graham 's face and the finger stop and blot it out . CUT to : int . chesapeake state hospital for the criminally insane , lecktor be cell - lecktor - night receive a telephone . the attendant who bring it wait . lecktor thank you so much . I will call you when I be finish . attendant hesitates . then he leave . lecktor be allow to call he attorney in privacy . lecktor pick up the phone and punch in he number . lecktor can I have the number of Dr. sidney Bloom , University of Chicago , Department of psychiatry , please ? ( beat ) thank you . ( dial again ) Dr. sidney Bloom , please . operator ( v.o. ) he 's not in today , bur I will connect you with he office ... lecktor what 's he secretary 's name again ...? operator ( v.o. ) Linda King . just a moment . the telephone ring four time . graduate student ( v.o. ) Linda King 's desk . lecktor hi , Linda . .. graduate student ( v.o. ) Linda do not come in night . 36 . lecktor maybe you can help I . this be Bob greer of blaine & Edwards publish company . Dr. Bloom ask I to send a copy of ' the psychiatrist and the Law ' to someone . Linda never send I the address and phone number . graduate student ( v.o. ) she will be in , in the morning ... lecktor I have to catch Federal Express within about five minute . I would be immensely appreciative if you would pull it out of she rolodex for I . there be a pause . lecktor be wait . graduate student ( v.o. ) she do not have a rolodex . lecktor ( smile ) i'll bet she have a call caddy right next to she phone . graduate student ( v.o. ) yeah . .. lecktor well , zip that little pointer right on down to the letter G. graduate student ( v.o. ) okay . lecktor we be look for Graham . the man the book be suppose to go to be a Ms. will Graham . graduate student ( v.o. ) Federal Bureau of investigation , tenth and Pennsylvania , Washington , d.c . lecktor now I will bet it have he home address there , too graduate student ( v.o. ) ( beat ) 3680 desote highway . marathon , Florida . 37 . lecktor thank you very much . on the phone as lecktor hang up . CUT to : int . l1011 , coach section - craham - day squeeze into a narrow seat . he sit on the aisle . next to he be a seven- year - old girl , at the window she mother . he open and read a telex in yellow envelope : " birmingham p.d. found jacobi cat dead in back yard . kide must have buried it . he kill the pet . regard , crawford . " stewardess clear the trays . graham contort he body to pull he briefcase from under the seat in front . he extract the Leeds and jacobi file . from each he take a snapshot of a happy family picture and paperclip they to the front of the file . he stand they on the dinner tray and stare at they . graham' Pov : happy family portrait slowly zoom in to the jacobi family . as we get closer and closer to Mrs. jacobi in a bikini , she face abstract into pointillist dot of color ... dissolve to : ext . marathon boatyard - diesel engine - day move down to we ... molly approach in slow motion raise a bag of shrimp and a six - pack of do equis . int . unfinished hull - graham guide the engine down , wear fade violet short and no shirt . we see a huge circular scar end in a hook on he abdomen as the engine land ... 38 . graham ( reverb , distant ) block she off , Mitch ... Graham wave to Molly ... dissolve to : graham on the dock . the hot sun turn the water a brilliant aqua and silver . Graham 's tan body in the violet short on the silver wood ... Molly reach in the bag for another shrimp . Graham look at she ... molly smile as she rip the head off the shrimp . the warm mouth , her shiny tooth look like a pepsodent commercial . head coming off shrimp viscera trail . as the shrimp be rip apart we see : graham' eye in horror . and o.s. , we hear scream come from a differ - ent place as we ... CUT to : int . l1011 - graham - day snap awake . the child next to Graham be scream . people stare . the mother be shouting at he . Graham be confuse , stunne ... he do not know what 's wrong . he look around ... the stewardess be handle thing on he tray in front of he . tray the file have spill open . crime photo of the Leeds and jacobi family with mirror in they eye and the almost separate head of Mr. jacobi glaring at a weird angle -- the pornography of it all -- be spill across Graham 's tray and in he lap ... graham mumble apology , scramble to collect crime photo . the mother want she seat change . 39 . Graham be excruciatingly embarrassed , clumsily shove they back into they file ... CUT to : int . jacobi house , live room - wide on door - day we move into the knob ... it start to turn . slowly . sud - denly : door slam open revealing real estate agent geehan and Graham , geehan it be last Thursday . this couple from duluth . I have they down to the short stroke talk mortgage -- I mean , that man could have write a check for the whole goddamn place . I be figure : geehan , you lucky sonofabitch , you gonna unload this turkey . ( beat ) then the squad car roll up . they ask a coupla question . the good officer give they the whole fuckin ' guide tour . who be lay where . where all the blood spray ... terrific ! ( beat ) off they go in they sedan deville the hell out of here . graham have any single man ask to look at it ? geehan have not ask I . ( beat ) take four coat of interior latex , five in place . ( pause ) you can drop that key in the mailbox . you do not have to come back by , do you ? graham uh-uh . geehan leave . the door close with a slam . wide - graham in the empty white live room . Graham walk out of frame . bare floor and dead air . his footstep echo in the empty house . CUT to : 40 . ext . jacobi house - wide - day a image from Bill owen ' " suburbia . " a family house . no different than any other family house around . but it be somehow sinister in its vacancy . it ought to be litter with bicycle and wagon : the sign and symbol of suburban normalcy . track left to reveal the back of Graham stare at the house from across the street . CUT to : ext . next door house - graham - day in a different position stare at the rear of the house from a neighbor 's bush . we do not know why Graham be stare at the jacobi house from different vantage point . CUT to : ext . sideroad - graham' Pov : 3/4 view of jacobi house day Graham look at the house from the third vantage point . jacobi backyard and turn earth where the cat be find . rearshot : graham start back up and we move with he . he look over he shoulder at we and keep walk backwards . tree enter the frame on the leave and right . tracking graham in profile he stumble through underbrush into a dry streambed . he back up a slope on the other side and find himself in some tree . there be three . Graham look around . branch now obscure the jacobi house . something glint right ... searching through grass at the base of one elm tree . a ring tab from a soft drink can be half - bury in leave . Graham 's finger move leave aside . 41 . graham look slowly up the tree trunk . red creek mud wedge into the first strong limb , it 's from the instep of a boot . graham hang he coat on the branch of a neighbor tree and climb the far side of the elm . his head and he cheek raise through limb . his eye be six inch away when he find a soft drink can wedge between limb and trunk . graham I love it . sweet Jesus , yes come on , can . he photograph its placement with the camera on he belt , brackete exposure . then he tear a small branch and use it to put the can in a evidence bag . Graham climb higher until he foot be level to where he see the mud . he look to he leave . something he see stop he cold . a symbol be carve in the wood . graham photograph this as well as a branch that 's be trim by a cut tool . then he look ... over graham' shoulder : the jacobi house a perfect view . graham high in the tree , lean back against the trunk . re seem freeze . then : graham ( mumble to himself ) ... after you kill the cat and throw it into the yard , my man , you climb up hero and wait . you use a cut tool on this branch so you could see . ( more ) 42 . graham ( cont 'd ) you watch the child and pass the time whittling and dream . ( beat ) when night come , you see they pass they bright window and you watch the shade go down , and you see the light go out one by one . and after a while , you climb down and you go in to they , do not you ? ( shout ) didn 't you , you son of a bitch ! you watched they all goddamn day long ! ! ( beat ) that 's why you like house with big yard , the easier to see they CUT to : int . jacobi house - geehan + prospective buyer day geehan show some new candidate around the house . it 's a young couple and they look interested . geehan they do not build house this way anymore : solid lath and plaster construction . none of you drywall stuff and aluminum stud here . no sirree Bob ! wife I like it , hon . husband let 's go to you office and see if we can work out some term ... geehan great . you goin ' love this house ! geehan 's get a sale . he 's at the front door . he open it . CUT to : ext . jacobi house - door - day the door be open by geehan and he big smile , shepherd he customer - to - be out the front door . the smile fall off geehan 's face . the young buyer look quizzically . 43 . geehan have deflate against the doorframe . geehan' Pov : three atlanta p.d. car , a forensics truck , + atlanta p.d. helicopter with flasher go be converge onto the scene . will Graham be at the nearest police car talk on a cellular phone . graham I be send the can to jimmie price to dust for print . ( fast beat ) I need bowman in document to fall on this carve . then I need the firearm and toolmark section out here on the severe branch . I need to know what kind of cut tool he use . CUT to : int . WASHINGTON , FBI oftice - crawford - day on phone to Graham . crawford be it weird ? graham ( v.o. ) the mark ? yes . crawford if the document section can not do it ... I will send it up to langley ... graham ( V ,o . ) do price get anywhere with the single print off the Leeds ? as another line on Crawford 's phone ring , we pull back to he secretary , sarah 's area . sarah crawford ( fade up ) ( fade down ) special agent Crawford 's no . the killer 's not in office .. the single print index . he must never have be print . tighten on Sarah . we do not hear what 's say to she . 44 . sarah no , Mr. Graham be not in the office , bur let I ... ( beat ) wait , I will be glad to ... ( beat ) yes , he will be in the office later , but let I ... she hold the receiver as though it have die in she hand and cross into Crawford 's office . crawford ( to Graham ) ... bur if we find he , the print as evidence will get a conviction , hold on . what ? sarah he ask for will . he say he might call back tonight . I try to hold he ... I be sorry ... he say ' tell Graham " break mirror . " ' crawford ( to Graham ) will . get right back here . he just call . ext . jacobi house - gxaham - day graham who do he ask for ? cbawford ( v.o. ) you . CUT to : int . WASHINGTON FBI office - crawford + graham - later it 's now sunset out the window . both man be tense . on Crawford 's desk be two new telephone and a tape recorder . also in the room be Sarah and dr . sidney bloom , a forensic psychologist . food wrapping and styrofoam coffee cup litter he desk . Bloom only eat half he pastrami on rye : dr . bloom anybody want the rest of the cholesterol special ? crawford thanks , no . graham ... so how do I play he , sidney ? 45 . dr . bloom compliment he . tell he most people do not have the intellectual capacity to understand what have happen , that sort of thing . ( beat ) if he 's paranoid , play into he grievance . let he air it . ( beat ) if he 's pick you as a adversary and want to gloat , give he what he 's after . a little at a time . crawford ... very little . if it 's all electronic switch we will need a minute for the trace . Graham turn to the window . Crawford tap a pencil on he desk . they wait , CUT to : same - later - night Crawford 's foot be on he desk . Sarah yawn . Graham lean against the other wall . Stony silence . ring . they react . four more ring . sarah ( into phone ) special agent Crawford 's office . ( beat ) Bill , call back on twenty - four four . we need to keep this line clear ... she hang up . Crawford take Bill 's call on the other line . the rest exhale tension and go back to wait . CUT to : int . men' room - faucet - night run water . graham . stare at it . he put he hand under and run cold water on he upturn wrist . CUT to : 46 . int . cbawford office - crawford - night look through report . he pick up a pencil and start to correct a line when : ring . crawford where the hell 's Graham ! ring . sarah he go to the man 's room . ring . crawford for Christ 's sake get he ! a assistant run out . ring . Sarah 's anxious . CUT to : ext . corridor - graham - night running . he slip on the polished floor , recover himself ... he dart through Crawford 's door . CUT to : int . cxawford office - graham try to catch he breath as Sarah snap up the phone . sarah special agent Crawford 's office . ( she nod ; it 's he ) could you hold on a second , I will see if I can find he . Sarah punch hold . Crawford be count second . he raise he thumb . Graham grab the phone . graham ( calm ) this be will Graham . can I help you ? voice ( v.o. ) no . I can help you . graham I do not understand . voice ( v.o. ) Atlanta and Birmingham . 47 . crawford scribbles on a piece of paper . graham ( o.s. ) do you know something about that ? voice ( v.o. ) why do you think I call ? graham ( o.s. ) I get a lot of call . most of they be from people who say they know thing . Crawford hold up the piece of paper . it say : " Chicago phone booth . Police scramble . " graham talk to they a few minute and you can tell they do not have the capacity to even understand what 's go on . do you ? voice ( v.o. ) you tell I what you know about he . I will tell you whether you be right or not . graham let 's get straight who we have talk about . ( beat ) be you the man I be interested in ? voice ( v.o. ) I do not think I will tell you . graham he 's right -hande . voice ( v.o. ) most people be . graham he 's misunderstand . voice ( v.o. ) cut the general crap . Graham stare at Crawford . Crawford make a circular motion with he hand : string he on . graham he 's very strong physically . voice ( o.s. ) that 's true . 48 . graham he 's white and six foot tall . you have not tell I anything yet . voice ( o.s. ) describe exactly what you think he do to Mrs. Leeds and I will tell you if you be right or not . graham I do not want to do that , voice ( o.s. ) Goodbye . Graham and we hear a telephone booth door slam open . we hear a receiver fall with a clang . he hear faint voice . the receiver bang as it 's swing on the cord . everyone in the outer office hear it on the speaker phone . they also hear : 2 nd voice ( v.o , ) freeze . do not even twitch . now lock you finger behind you head and back we of the booth slowly . spread them ! Graham drop the phone . tension flood out of he . in the outer office people be cheer , close on graham his eye almost start to tear in relief as he turn he back and look out the window . crawford be ecstatic . 2 nd voice ( v.o. ) who be I speak to ? Graham grab the phone . graram will Graham , FBI . 2 nd voice ( v.o. ) this be sergeant stanley riddle , Chicago Police Department . will you tell I what the hell 's goin ' on graham you tell I . you have a man in custody ? 49 . sergeant riddle ( v.o. ) damn right . ( beat ) freddie lound . zoom in on Graham 's face . it lock in rage . sergeant riddle ( v.o. ) can you hear I ? ( beat ) be you prefer charge against he or you want he to just run along ... graham ( holler ) yeah . I be prefer charge ! obstruction of justice . you lock that asshole up . you hold he for the U.S. Attorney ! you ... CUT to : ext . chicago STREET , phone booth - freddie lound - night grab for the phone . lound will , listen ... CUT to : int . chesapeake hospital , dr . chilton' office - dr . chilton - night there be a knock on he door . dr . chilton come in . guard Dr. chilton . dr . chilton yes ? guard when we be clean out Dr. lector 's cell , he hear we come and hide something in a book .. we get he out of there and dig around ... Dr. chilton react . dr . chilton ( fast ) do you have it ? 50 . guard yeah . it 's right here . Guard pull three sheer of toiler paper with write on they out of he pocket . we hold on it . dr . chilton be already dialling a number . dr . chilton put it down on my desk blotter and do not touch it again . have anyone else handle it except you ? guard no . CUT to : int . crawford office - night Sarah answer the phone . sarah special agent Crawford 's office . in the b.g. all hell be break loose . Crawford and Graham be both holler into the phone at freddie lound . sarah speak up , please . I can hardly hear you ! dr . cbilton ( v.o. ) ( shouting ) I say I need to speak to special agent Crawford or Mr. Graham . right away ! sarah ( hold one ear close ) I be sorry . special agent Crawford and Graham be tie up tight now . can I get they to call you back ? dr . chilton ( v.o. ) ( go nut ) this be Dr. chilton . at the chesapeake Hospital . will you please call they this be very , very urgent !! ( beat ) I will hold on . 51 . Sarah put chilton on " hold . " track she into the room . she start to say something . Crawford hold up a hand ... crawford ( holler ) how would you know ' break mirror ? ' bribe a cop ? ( beat ) tell it to the U.S. Attorney , lound ! graham ( see Sarah ) what be it ? sarah it 's a Dr. chilton , sir . he say it 's urgent . Graham punch the phone and take the call . Crawford 's yell at lound . graram it 's will Graham ... dr . chilton ( v.o. ) well , it 's about goddamn time ! I have a note here , or two piece of a note , that appear to be from the man who kill that people in Atlanta and .... graham where do you get it ?! Graham wave Crawford to the other phone . dr . chilton ( v.o. ) from hannibal lecktor 's cell . it be hide in a book . crawford ( to lound ) run along to the police station , freddie . we will talk to you when we get around to it ... Crawford punch into Dr. chilton 's call . CUT to : int . chesapeake hospital - dr . chiiton - night graham ( v.o. ) can you read it to I ? 52 . dr . chilton it 's write on toilet tissue . ( read ) ' my dear Dr. lecktor , I want to tell you I be delighted that you have take a interest in I . I know that you alone can understand what I be become . ( read ) ' I know you alone understand the reality of the people who die to help I in this thing , understand that they be only element undergo change to fuel the radiance of what I be become . just as the source of light be burn . ( beat ) Mr. Graham , there 's a hole tear and punch we , then it say ... ( read ) ' I have a complete collection of you press notice . for think of they as unfair . as unfair as mine . the " tooth Fairy . " what could be more inappropriate . investigator Graham interest I . very purposeful lock . I hope we can correspond . ( beat ) there 's another piece miss here . i'll read the bottom part . ( read ) ' after I hear back from you , I might send you something wet . sign : avid fan. ( to Graham ) it have teethmark press in it at the bottom . crawford punch the other line . cbawford Sarah , order a chopper . I want the next thing smoking and I do not care whose . ours. dcpd . or the Marines . then call document . tell they to scramble a team . I want everybody move in five minute . ( punch into Dr. chilton 's line ) Dr. chilton , please do not handle the note . I have a document team on the way to you by helicopter to pick it up . 53 . graham after we have work the note we want to replace it in lecktor 's cell . I do not want he to know we find it . ( beat ) where 's lector now ? dr . chilton ( v.o. ) in a hold cell . graham how long can you keep lecktor out without he get suspicious ? dr . chilton ( v.o. ) Three , four hour . crawford have you building superintendent shut off the water and most of the lighting in lecktor 's hall . have he walk through carry tool and be piss off or something , dr . chiltdn ( v.o. ) yes . we can manage all that . crawford ( hit another line ) Brian . we have a note come in on the fly . possibly from the tooth Fairy . number one priority . , it have to go to Hair and fiber , latent print and document . Graham and I will be walk it through ... CUT to : int . FBI build , hair and fiber section - beverly katz - night be bent over a microscope . she 's under it . behind she a male assistant brushes a child 's bib overall with a metal spatula . he be collect whatever debris come off the clothing onto a white paper sheet . beverly katz lift something with tweezers . she lean away from the micro - scope . beverly katz one hair , Graham . maybe a thirty - second of a inch . a couple of blue grain . I will work it up . what else have you get ? 54 . graham Hair from lecktor 's comb . whisker from a electric razor they let he use . this be hair from the clean man . CUT to : int . latent print - jimmie price - night wince at the sight of the paper . he slip it under the helium cadmium laser . the helium cadmium laser bombard the toilet paper with light . grow smudge appear on the paper . price ( o.s. ) perspiration stain , nothing else . ( beat ) how many guy handle this without glove ? gbaham ( o.s. ) the cleanup man and lecktor ... price ( o.s. ) the cleanup man scrubbing sink probably have the oil wash off he finger . but the other ... ( beat ) I could fume it , will , but could not guarantee the iodine stain would fade we in the time you have get to get it back . graham ( o.s. ) ninhydran ? boosted with heat ? price ( o.s. ) no . we could not wash it after . I can not get a print off this , will . there be not one . crawpdrd ( o.s. ) dammit . CUT to : int . document - lloyd bowman - night be underlit by he translucent light box . the note be on it . 55 . bowman ( without look up ) how long do I have ? crawford twenty minute max . graham the main thing be : how be lecktor to reply . bowman that 's probably in the part lecktor tore out . ( beat ) at the top it say : ' I hope we can correspond . ' and then the hole begin . ( beat ) it look like lecktor go over it with a feel tip pen and then fold it and pinch most of it away . graham ( o.s. ) he do not have anything to cut with . bowman move under a rostrum camera setup . there be light mount on a 360 - degree rim even with the base of the rostrum bowman hit a switch . the top light go out . the side light be very oblique . macro closeup : note under the oblique light the tooth impression stand out . we hear a shutter click as they be photograph . bowman ( o.s. ) now we can mash it a little . a pane of glass descend on the note and flatten the jag edge of the hole . even closer : the edge be tatter and smear with vermillion ink . lighting panel bowman 's finger hit it . the room be darken , except for a dull glow from the infrared source .. 56 . bowman ( chant under he breath ) you be so sly , but so be I ... rostrum bowman switch to a close - circuit tv camera . monitor the image focus as bowman focus the lens . then : the ink smear be go . fragment of write appear . bowman ( o.s. ) aniline dy in the ink in feel - tip pen -- which be what lecktor have -- be transparent to infrared . the tooth Fairy 's ballpoint be not ... crawford ( o.s. ) that could be the tip of a 't . here and here . and here . bowman ( o.s. ) at the end be the tail of what could be a 'r . gbaham , crawford + bowman at the monitor light by the infrared glow . graham we know the tooth Fairy read the tattler . the stuff about I and lector ? I do not know any other paper that carry it ... crawford ... there 's three 't 's ' and a 'r ' in tattler . graham personal ad ? as they run out of the room : CUT to : int . FBI conference room - wide shot - night everyone we have see be assemble : Graham , Crawford , beverly katz , jimmie price and bowman . 57 . crawford the Chicago office be run through all the personal ad in the tattler right now . bowman when do they go to press ? graham in thirty - five minute . bowman Christ ! crawford after we find lecktor 's response , we substitute we own . somewhere tomorrow night the tooth Fairy will actually buy tattler , look for lecktor 's message . here 's what he will find , Bill . bill ( read ) ' dear avid fan : inherit my mantle and surpass my achievement . memento for you at Baltimore Central . Left luggage 72683 . crawford it 's a secret service letter drop and stakeout . he show : we take he . ( beat ) anything from Chicago ? sarah not yet . crawford let 's get to the physical . price there be no print . I be here for kick . beverly katz one whisker . scale count and core size match hannibal lecktor 's . so do color . the color 's different than the tooth Fairy 's take in Birmingham and Atlanta . Three blue grain and some dark fleck go to Brian 's end . 58. brian zellar the grain be commercial granulate cleanser with chlorine . must be from the clean man . there be several particle of dry blood . not enough to type . graham bowman ? bowman it 's snow White toilet paper . National distribution . bowman set up he photograph on a easel . bowman ( beat ) if there 's any doubt , we match the indent of the bitemark on the note against the smithsonian tooth . this be you boy ... ( beat ) he fold the bottom part , include what lecktor tore out . in this enlargement of the back side , oblique light reveal impression . we can make out : ' six - six - six '. ( beat ) I do not spot it until I have this high - contrast print . I advise Chicago as soon as I see it . crawford issue the toilet paper tear as a ... the phone ring . Graham punch the speaker . chester ( v.o. ) this be Chester here . who be I talk to ? graham will Graham , Jack Crawford ... chester ( v.o. ) we get a ad order in tonight 's " tattler " with ' six - six - six ' in it . it 's be telex to you right now . graham read it . chester ( v.o. ) ( read ) ' dear pilgrim , you honor I . ' 59 . graham that 's it . lecktor call he a pilgrim when he be talk to I ... chester ( v.o. ) ' you be very beautiful . cbawford Christ ... chester ( v.o. ) ' I offer one hundred prayer for you safety . find help in john 6:22 , 8:16 9:1 ; luke l:7 , 3:1 ; galatian 6:11 . 15 :2 ; act 3:3 ; revelation 18:i ; jonah 6:8... ( beat ) it 's sign : ' bless you , 6:6:6 ' bowman be already run through the onion-skinned page of a Bible he take from a shelf . nobody talk to he . crawford ( check watch ) ... twenty - eight minute . ( low to Sarah ) cryptography at langley ? sarah they get shot a telex . they be on if now ... everybody exhibit discipline surface calm . the tension be scream underneath . bowman furiously look through page of the Bible , suddenly stop . bowman ( to Graham ) no. ( beat ) the number be not right for a jailhouse alphabet code . it 's a book code . ( beat ) and you message have to go out in it , or he will know it 's not lecktor talk to he . crawford Book code ? 60 . bowman ' one hundred prayer ' could be the page number . the pair number and the scriptural reference could be line and letter . but what book ? cbawford not the Bible ? bowman no. galatian 15:2 ? galatian have only six chapter . the same with jonah 6:8 -- jonah have four chapter . lecktor be not use a Bible . graham then the tooth Fairy name the book in the part lecktor tore out . bowman right . ( beat ) what about sweat lecktor ? graham they try sodium amytal on he three year ago to find where he bury a Princeton student . ( beat ) he give they a recipe for potato chip dip . bowman it have to be a book the tooth Fairy would know lecktor have in he cell . graham he would know it from article he 's read about lecktor ... crawford willingham , when he toss he cell , take Polaroid so they could get everything back in place ... bowman have he meet I with picture of lecktor 's book ... crawford where ? bowman Library of Congress . bowman 's we the door . 61 . graham twenty - five minute . we will not make it in time . crawford ( look at watch ) we let lecktor 's message run as be and decode it after . or we pull it , work we the code and put ours in next week . graham can we still get lecktor 's message out of the paper ? crawford yes . and I be leery of run lecktor 's message without know what it say . graham and if we pull it , we lose a week ... we only have two to the next full moon . crawford it 's you call , will . what do we do ? Graham have to decide . Long pause . then he look up : graham run it . crawford what if it encourage the tooth Fairy to do something besides write ? graham we will feel sick for a very long time . CUT to : int . ST . louis airport newsstand - floor - day the floor be in focus . in the b.g. , be busy , out - of - focus image : newspaper , magazine , people pass . we do not know why we be holding on the empty floor . then , a stack of " tattler " hit the floor . the headline include : " head transplant and astronomers glimpse GOD ! " CUT to : int . WASHINGTON HOTEL room - will graham - night asleep in bed . sheet be twisted between he leg . 62. his arm be widespread . the phone ring . will Graham do not hear it . it keep ringing . move in on Graham . finally , he stir , then fight he way up out of sleep . profile : graham sit up . his hand snake out and grab the phone to make it stop ringing . graham who be it ? crawford ( v.o. ) will , bowman just break the code . it be a James beard cook book . you need to know what it say right now . graham what would it say ? crawford ( v.o. ) I will tell you in a second . now listen to I : everything be okay , I be take care of it , so stay on the phone when I tell you . graham tell I now . crawford ( v.o . ) it say : ' Graham home , 3860 desoto highway , marathon , Florida . save yourself . kill they all . ( beat ) it 's you home address , will . the bastard give he you home address . graham get I a plane ... crawford ( v.o. ) wait , will ... graham get I a plane ! crawford ( v.o. ) I will pick you up in ... graham I will not be here . on the move ... CUT to : 63. int . graham house , marathon , florida , bedroom - molly night she 's asleep . Kevin enter . kevin mom. .. Kevin look over she shoulder out the window as if he 's scared of something . molly what time be it ? kevin Mom , someone 's outside . there 's noise ... molly start and sit up ... int . graham house - hallway & kitchen be empty . Dark shadow play against darken wall . o.s. we hear crash wave . moonlight make tree whipped in the wind throw dapple shadow across the corridor . Molly enter the frame in close shot . we track with she in a three - quarter rear shot behind the back of she head . she feel vulnerable . the dapple leave whip across she face in a sudden gust . Molly 's head snap around . molly Pov : glass portico with the tree move in the wind . Beyond be the ocean with moonlight on the surf . nothing . molly move into the kitchen . a streetlight hit part of the kitchen with a dim phosphorescent green . kevin ( o.s. ) Mom ? molly ( whisper ) go into you room and lock the door . kevin ( o.s. ) Mom ? 64 . molly go ahead ! he catch Molly 's eye : molly Pov : kitchen window a silhouette shape move past the window . the angle of the streetlight play its shadow on the wall against Molly . frontal closeup : molly freeze . she hear the outer screen door be open ... behind molly & over her shoulder to kitchen door the shape be at the door . Molly take a couple of step , and can not go any further . molly breathless , open the door . fast . door reveal Florida State trooper . trooper be you all right , mar 'am ? molly ( fast breathe ) yes . why ? ( beat ) what 's go on CUT to : ext . graham house - trooper + molly - night as Molly come out of the house , we pull back and crane up into a very high angle wide shot revealing : four state trooper car park on Graham 's property . on the road be two roadblock 100 yard apart on either side of Graham 's house . all they flasher be go . Molly look around in confusion . we see she turn to the sea , a coast guard launch pull to 100 yard off the beach . its searchlight play on the water 's edge then across the property . Molly look ; at all the policeman ... CUT to : 65 . ext . airport - gulf stream jet - day advance on we , its engine scream . its front wheel brake to a stop right before camera . door open . running down the stair and across the tarmac be will Graham in shirtsleeve with a car - 15 assault rifle with collapsible stock . his eye scan the perimeter . FBI men move fast , follow Graham . they eye sweep the terminal area . one carry a uzi submachine gun , the other two , handgun . a cordon of florida state troopers hussle Molly and Kevin between they from they car towards Graham . two carry suitcase . graham + molly + kevin inside the protective barrier of man . high angle : the airport Graham move Molly and Kevin up into the Gulf stream . FBI man follow . the trooper back off . the flasher on they car be still turn . pan right with the Gulf stream as it taxi to the head of the runway . it pause a moment , then blast down the runway and up into the morning sun . CUT to : int . baltimore safe house , foyer - door - day hold . then it open . Molly and Kevin , follow by Graham . unmark FBI car be park on the front lawn . Molly enter the foyer , look around and stop . house interior holiday Inn decor . molly who decorate this place , Richard Nixon ? Molly take a deep breath . then let it out . she 's tired . Graham take she hand . 66 . graham ... sorry , Molly . I be sorry this happen to you . molly you do not do it to I , will ; it 's happen to we . ( touch he face ) and if I survive the wallpaper we will be okay ... ( Graham have to smile ) he 's after you now , be not he ? she do not check to see that Kevin be we of earshot . Graham do . graham it 's a precaution ... ( to Kevin ) why do not you run down to the bay . they get a swim float . kevin I will hang around in here . I will just be in the kitchen , Mom ... graham ( to Molly ) what be he ? afraid to leave you alone with I now ? ' ( beat ) he read the tattler piece , do not he ? molly he do not know you have be in a mental institution . be ask I if I know . I say yes . I want to talk to he . he say he want to bring it up to you . face to face . graham good for he . ( beat ) thanks a lot , freddie ! ( to Kevin ) Kevin . we be go grocery shopping . CUT to : int . supermarket - graham + kevin - day push a basket collect stuff from the shelf . other family be shopping the place be medium -crowd . mind - dulling muzak come from the ceiling . 67 . kevin be there anything I need to know to see about Mom ? graham no . you be very well - protect . no one can find we where you be . kevin Barry 's mom have this newspaper . it say you kill the guy in Minnesota and be in a mental hospital . be it true ? gbaham yes . kevin I figure I would ask you ... graham I be in the psychiatric wing . it bother you , find out I be in there ... do not it ? kevin I tell my dad before he die , I would take care of Mom . and I will do it . ( beat ) this guy want to kill you ? graham we do not know that . kevin be you gonna kill he ? graham no . it 's just my job to find he . ( beat ) I be in the hospital after garrett Jacob hobb . kevin how do it happen ? graham hobb be insane . he be attack college girl and he kill they . kevin how ? graham with a knife . ( more ) 68. graham ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I find a curly piece of metal in the clothes of one of the girl . the kind of shred a pipe threader make . I be take a look at steam fitter , plumber . it take a long time . in one place there be a resignation letter from a man name hobb . I see it and it be .. , peculiar . ( beat ) I be go up this stair to hobb ' apartment . I be halfway up when he shove he wife down at I . she be die . ( beat ) I send the officer with I to call a swat team . but I could hear kid in there and scream . I could not wait . kevin you go in the apartment ? graham yes . hobb have one of he daughter from behind . he be cut she . I shot he . we get the feel Graham be leave out lot of piece and give Kevin only the bare bone of what he need to know . graham I keep think there must be some way I could have handle it better . it keep replaying in my mind . later I get depressed . a doctor friend of mine , Dr. Bloom , ask I to go into a hospital . after a while I get some distance on it and be okay . kevin do the girl die ? graham no . kevin she get all right ? graham ... after a while . kevin and hobb die ? 69 . graham ( nod ) ... yes . Kevin pause , then ask with 11 - year - old innocence : kevin killing somebody feel that bad ? extremely close : graham turn and stare at Kevin : graham Kevin : it 's the ugliest thing in the world . Kevin think about this for a long time . he nod . he feel he understand Graham and be closer to he for it : kevin what kind of coffee do you like ? graham huh ? kevin you like that colombian stuff , do not you ? Kevin reach for the coffee and put it in the basket . kevin Mom like that , too . rear shot : kevin + graham walk down the aisle . Graham put he hand over Kevin 's shoulder . they look like father and son . as they disappear around a corner ... CUT to : ext . baltimore safe house , backyard - rear shot : graham + molly - night Beyond be chesapeake Bay and the nightlight of Baltimore reflect across it . the swim float bob in the distance . one yellow light be on it . frontal : molly + graham . the grass look cold in the moonlight . Holly wear a heavy cardigan . 70 . behind they -- with yellow light -- the house look like a motel . molly it 's hard to have anything , be not it ? rare to get it , hard to keep it . this be a damn slippery planet . when she say this she be stare out to sea . now she turn to look at Graham and put a hand on he arm . he still stare out to sea : graham slick as hell . then Graham look at she and cover she hand with he own . molly you remember when we first meet ? and be together alone in that room . and the exhilaration be too much to hold on to . and then something flicker across you face like a shadow and I ask you what be wrong ? graham I remember . molly do you remember what you say ? graham yes . I say this be too good to live ... Molly stare into he eye . molly time be luck , will . ( heat ) I know the value of we day ... they stare into each other . there 's a pause . they rise . she put she arm around Graham 's waist . they start towards the house . molly let 's go to bed . I will rub you back . CUT to : int . FBI cafeteria - crawford + bloom - day crawford I need to talk to you about will Graham . 71 . bloom what about he ? crawford I need to ask you question of a psychological nature . bloom remember when you ask for a study on he , I refuse . same go for now . crawford that be Peterson upstairs . bloom it be you who do the ask . crawford he do not think you run mind game on he . bloom I would not presume to try . crawford you be never alone in a room with Graham , be you ? you be smooth about it , but you be never one - on - one with he . why 's that ? do you think he 's psychic ? bloom he 's a eideteker . he have almost total recall . but I do not think he 's psychic . what he have it empathy and projection he can assume you point of view and mine .. , and some other point of view that scare and sicken he . crawford why be not you ever alone with he ? bloom because I be professionally concerned about he . and he would pick up on that . he 's fast . he hate be prodd and poke . ( beat ) so do i. ( beat ) what do you want ? crawford his nervous breakdown follow hobb . could he kill again if he have to save he life ? or would he hesitate ? 72 . bloom I will tell you the event . the psychology 's none of you business . hobb be try to cut he eleven - year - old daughter 's throat . Graham shot he with he .38 six time . hobb still do not go down . he have to wade in ... crawford that 's when it happen ? bloom no . it happen when Graham go to see hobb ' daughter four month later in the hospital . she save she carotid artery .. , but lose three finger and she larynx . she be connect up to a voice box . when Graham go to see she , she ask he -- through the speaker : ' why do you have to kill my daddy ? ' ( beat ) that 's when Graham have he nervous breakdown . crawford what 's the bottom line ? bloom if he push too deep into we boy 's mind - set , he may destroy himself . ( beat ) what be you plan , Jack ? crawford could he handle a direct contact ? bloom I do not recommend it . graham ( o.s. ) you do not recommend what , sidney ? Crawford be surprised at Graham 's entry . Bloom be not . bloom Crawford have a proposition . I do not think it 's a good idea . graham if the tooth Fairy listen to lecktor , he will come for I . so we be go to set I up as bait to draw he out . give he a clean shot . ( more ) 73. graham ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) that 's what you be think , be not it ? Crawford 's embarrassed . Bloom say Graham be fast . gxaham I will use lound . now Bloom 's surprised ... graham sidney , he do not read the " Sunday Times literary supplement . he read lound in the " tattler . " ( beat ) and I want this over with ... fast . CUT to : int . WASHINGTON apartment - graham + lound - day Graham lean against a table , he back to a window . graham I believe he 's socially maladjust . laughed at by he contemporary ... lound how do he rate compare to Dr , hannibal lecktor ? graham he 's not as intelligent . pull back to reveal Bloom , Crawford , a photographer and assistant . Graham motion for lound to turn off he tape recorder . graham ( to Bloom ) what have we miss ? bloom he may have a unconscious homosexual conflict . a fear of be gay . he object to the word ' fairy . ' plus smear bloodstain indicate that he put the short on Charles Leeds after he be dead . I believe he do this to emphasize he lack of interest in Mr , Leeds . Graham motion lound to turn the tape recorder on again . 74 . graham the killer have sexually molest all he male victim . he be a homosexual and impotent with person of the opposite sex . ( beat ) we forensic psychologist have project he may have be the product of a incestuous home life . ( add afterthought ) and probably have sexual relation with he mother ... Crawford stifles a laugh ... lound how long will you stay in Washington ? gbaham until we have take out the tooth Fairy . Graham gesture for lound to turn off the tape recorder . graham all right . let 's shoot the picture . lound ( to Crawford ) I want shot with I and Graham together . Graham react . lound c'mon , c'mon , c'mon . you want this to look real , do not you ? still photographer' Pov through camera : graham + lound lound lay Graham 's arm over he own shoulder and mug :or the camera . behind he be the flood - light Capitol dome and the sign of a motel across the street . graham keep the motel sign across the street just slightly out of focus . he have to be able to read it , but it can not look too obvious . lound bark order to the still photographer and split . the photographer start break down he gear . Crawford take Graham aside . 75 . crawford ( low ) asian study at langley say the mark you find on the tree be a chinese character consider a positive or a lucky sign in gambling . the character also appear on a mah-jongg piece . ( beat ) it mean Red Dragon . ( beat ) that mean anything to you ? graham no . CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON , D.C. parking lot - graham , crawford + spurgen 7:30 pm spurgen , chief swat instructor from quantico , examine the parking lot . we have cut in mid-dialogue . spurgen ... if he 's smart he will approach from the front , pass , and take you from the back . how well do you hear ? graham pretty well . spurgen I be gonna spray you suit jacket . it will be invisible in this light , but you will stand out like a zebra for we . ( beat ) they tell I you check out a .44 Charter arm bulldog . GI ( aham yes . spurgen good . you will load this , ever fire they ? spurgen hand Graham a glycine envelope contain 25 round of .44 special ammunition . graham examine one round instead of a lead bullet , there 's a matte-black , blunt - nose cylinder . 76 . graham glaser Safety slug ? spurgen ( nod ) ... commercially prohibit . ( beat ) number twelve shot in liquid teflon in a copper case . on impact it all open up in the target . expect the recoil . they be hot load . body armor ? graham kevlar second chance . spurgen I hope you have a second chance ... graham because he 's go for the head shot seven out of eight time ' spurgen you get it . graham let 's walk the route . as they start across the parking lot : CUT to : int . lambert ST . louis INTERNATIONAL airport - floor day we have be here before . the floor be empty . in the wide angle -- out of focus -- the newsstand operator be squatted down read the " Chicago tribune . " in the empty space be dumped a bundle of " tattler " a pair of black zippere boot enter and stand behind the man . newsstand operator ( without look ) what be it ? voice ( o.s. ) a " tattler . " newsstand operator you will have to wait until I bust a bundle . one black boot kick the " tattler " bundle . voice ( o.s. ) now . 77 . newsstand operator ( hot ) I say wait ' till I bust a bundle . understand ? a hand and a flash of bright steel rip through the frame . the wire be cut with a pop . a dollar bill be throw on the floor . the hand whip a " tattler " out from the center of the bundle . raise up with the outrage newsstand Operator . newsstand operator hey . hey you . the retreate man turn to face he . it be Francis dollarhyde . dollarhyde I ? newsstand operator yeah , you . fuckin ' tell you ... dollarhyde ( interrupt ) you tell I what ? he start come back . he rake off he silver sunglass revealing the white violet eye . dollarhyde you tell I what ?! close : newsstand operator newsstand operator you get a quarter comin ' back . CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON apartment , parking lot - graham' car - night pull into the prescribe space . it 's raining . he kill the engine and get out . high angle : graham exite the car . the image be in GREEN and black . we be : ext . rooftop - swat # 1 behind the balustrade in a prone fire position sighting through a heavy - barrel heckler and koch model 93 with a startron scope . 78. a second high angle : graham also in GREEN and black . reveal we be : ext . second rooftop - swat # 2 with the same rifle sweeping the parking lot . he react to something to he leave . graham ... walk along the determine line , fifty yard from the apartment building .. , hear something through the delicate patter of the rain . graham' Pov : corner of build a distant " plop-plop - plop " of run foot ... graham be eye tighten . corner of build hold . then enter around the corner be a run man . he 's 6 ' 2 " . he 's heavy and wear a run suit with the hood up . his face be lose in its shadow . runner's right hand be glove and slip into the pocket of he jacket , grasp something ... runner's feet across wet black tarmac splash through shallow puddle . graham' face in anticipation . the foot beat be get louder ... gbaham' eye like taut wire about to snap . 79 . wide profile : graham on the leave . the runner enter on the right . in slow motion as they cross , Graham slam he sideways ... runner be knock off balance and slam face forward into the side of a car . he come off the car violently , to turn , to fight ... .44 bulldog come up .. , pressure on the trigger . runner's head turn into camera . he be a black man with a moustache and scared eye stare into the .44 . his hand shoot into the air : runner ( man ) yo , boss . plastic and cash in the right pocket ...! graham ( be the mistake ) god-dammit !!! walk away , Graham rip off he jacket : and the kevlar vest . come off the expectation of contact , Graham be explosive . the runner look at Graham as if he 's crazy : spurgen and two D.C. cop be run in . runner arrest that sucker ...! Crawford catch up to Graham : crawford you okay ? Graham shoulder past Crawford he throw the kevlar vest across the parking lot . he almost kill the man . meanwhile , spurgen be with the runner . spurgen it be a mistake . sorry we ... runner ' sorry ' yo ' mama !! runner piss off -- start towards Graham . spurgen stop he . 80 . spurgen hold on ! we think you be someone we be try to catch ... runner ( back up ) hold onto this !! ( grab he groin ) I get that cannon stick up mah face ?! car dirt splatter up and down mah calvin klein ?! ' catch somebody ?!' you could not catch yo ' ass with yo ' right hand ! you lucky you muther - fucker catch a cold ! who the hell goin ' pay my cleanin ' bill ? huh ? huge laughter which be come from ... CUT to : int . " tattler " garage - elevator door - night slide open . lound and two secretary be crack up . he apparently tell they the funniest joke they ever hear . secretary see you , freddie . lound pleased with himself , walk to he car . rear : lound ' head enter frame , unlock he car door . a hand fall on lound ' shoulder and turn he into camera : lound ' self - satisfied smile still beam . a chloroformed rag jam into he face . a massive hand hold he head and neck steady and be nor bother by he struggle . CUT to : int . dollarhyde house ( ST . louis ) - lound - night be unconscious . a hand put ammonia under he nose . lound regains consciousness . he try to move . he can not . there be sanitary napkin cover lound ' eye and mouth . the one on he mouth be remove . we will see only lound . dollarhyde ( o.s. ) be you cold ? would you like a blanket ? 81 . lound be I in a accident ? dollarhyde ( o.s. ) no , Mr. lound . you will be just fine . lound my back hurt , my skin . do I get burn ? I hope to God I be not burn . dollarhyde ( o.s. ) burn ? burn . no . you just rest there . I will be right back . lound let I lie down . listen , I want to call my office . my God , I be in a stryker frame . my back 's break . tell I the truth . footstep be go away . lound what be I do here ? dollarhyde ( o.s. ) aton , Mr. lound . lound react . dollarhyde ( o.s. ) do you know who I be , Mr. lound ? lound I do not want to know . dollarhyde ( o.s. ) accord to you I be a sexual failure . a animal , you say . ( beat ) you know now , do not you ? lound yes . dollarhyde ( o.s. ) do you feel privileged ? lound I be very scared . dollarhyde ( o.s. ) do you pray to God , Mr. lound ? lound yes . 82. dollarhyde ( o.s. ) do you believe God be in attendance here , Mr. lound ? lound I do not know ... dollarhyde ( o.s. ) in a little while I will help you understand . a kettle whistle . dollarhyde ( o.s. ) I will be right back . ( singsong ) do not ... go away ... as if he have any choice . lound ' face move ; he strain . his arm be glue to the chair . dollarhyde 's hand come back with a cup of tea and a straw . lound sip . lound I would do a big story . anything you want to say . describe you any way you want or no description ! the hand rip off the sanitary napkin cover lound ' eye . lound jam he eye shut . the light brighten . a single finger tap the top of he head . dollarhyde ( o.s. ) open you eye , Mr. lound . lound no . I do not want to see you . dollarhyde ( o.s. ) Mr. lound , you be a reporter . you be here to titillate you reader . if you do not open you eye , I will staple you eyelid to you forehead . a finger tap lound on he chest . a touch on he eyelid . lound slowly open he eye . his face go white . dollarhyde ( o.s. ) ( singsong ) well : here ... i...am ... lound ' Pov : the red dragon dollarhyde open and drop the black silk kimono . 83. his muscular frame bear the full body tattoo of William blake 's Red Dragon -- the head on dollarhyde 's chest , the tail snake down and wrapping around one of dollarhyde 's leg . his back be to we in a weight - lifter 's pose . a roll - up stock cover dollarhyde 's head to just below he nose . dollarhyde 's tooth be jag and brown-stain . and he smile at lound in front of the white screen . lound ( o.s. ) oh my dear God Jesus . lound turn away . the shape of dollarhyde pass behind he head . the kimono be on again . past lound ' head : screen a slide appear . it be blake 's painting . dollarhyde look at the screen . that be William blake 's ' the great Red Dragon and the woman clothed with the Sun . do you see ? lound yes ... next picture : Mrs. jacobi , eye wide . dollarhme do you see ? lound yes . click . next slide . Mrs. Leeds alive , lock into a silent scream in she bedroom . dollarhyde do you see ? lound yes . click . lound stare in horror . we will not see the rest of the slider . dollarhyde Mrs. Leeds harlequine with blood , she husband beside she . do you see ? 84 . lound yes . dollarhyde Mrs. jacobi after she change . ( as lound nod ) the Dragon rampant . do you see ? lound yes . dollarhyde freddie lound . you photograph . do you see ? lound oh , god. dollarhyde do you see ? lound please , no . dollarhyde ' no ' what ? lound not I . dollarhyde be you a man ? lound yes . dollarhyde do you imply that I be a queer ? lound God , no . dollarhyi ) E be you queer , Mr. lound ? lound no. rear of dollarhyde's head Beyond he be the screen and the image of freddie lound with Graham 's arm over he shoulder . 85 . dollarhyde before I you be a slug in the sun . you be privy to a great become and you recognize nothing . you be a ant in the afterbirth . ( beat ) it be you nature to do only one thing correctly : tremble . bur fear be not what you owe I . lound : you and the other , you owe I awe ! ( long pause ) we have one more piece of work to do . dollarhyde leave . lound close he eye . lound ( to himself ) do not take off the mask . please , God , let he not take off the mask . if he come back with it off , I be dead ... dollarhme's hand carry a tape recorder . we pan it across the room to lound ' face . dollarhyde ( o.s. ) open you eye , Mr. lound . lound obey . close : dollarhyde the stock mask and tooth -- stain and jag -- be in place . dollarhyde now you will read this into the tape recorder . on lound lound ' I have have a great privilege . I have see with wonder the strength of the Red Dragon . all I write about he before be lie from will Graham . he make I write they . now I understand . ( beat ) ' will Graham : you will learn from my own lip how much you have to dread . because I be force to lie , he will be more merciful to I than to you . ( beat ) ' I will be a testament to the truth , now . about he work . about he become . ' 86 . dollarhyde's hand turn off the tape recorder . dollarhyde you do very well . I apologize for the crude image . next time I will have film stock that do not need light . lound you will let I go now ? dollarhyde you will tell the truth ? lound absolutely , dollarhyde good . ( beat ) we will seal you promise with ... dollarhyde's face , with the stock roll down over he nose , smile he denture smile . and with he kimono open , revealing the face of the dragon emblazon in crimson on he muscular torso ; he lean into camera ... dollarhyde ... with a kiss . very wide angle the figure see from the back . we do not know what dollar - hyde , lean over lound , be do , but lound scream . CUT to : ext . chicago alley - wide shot - night dollarhyde 's van be on the leave against the wall . the alley be empty . then we see shape between the van and the wall . closer : over lound ' right shoulder we do not see he face . we see he shoulder and he lap . from a unseen facial wound , blood drip onto he pants ' leg . dollarhyde start spilling liquid on lound . lound start to moan and rouse from unconsciousness . his head start to turn . he know he 's go to die . and he have some courage . 87 . lound go 'head and kill 'ee , you ' astard ! you rot in ' ell . rot in ' ell ! CUT to : int . " tattler " garage - over parking attendant's right shoulder on the racing form - night he pencil some selection . start tracking left across the back of he neck . midway we hear the squeak of a wheel - chair . the parking attendant hear it , too . as the track continue over he leave shoulder he put down the Racing form and look . nothing . then he go back to the Racing form . parking attendant read . now the wheel squeak and echo louder . his head raise again ... over parking attendant's left shoulder he turn into camera . there 's a loud woosh . his eye go wide . he explode out of he chair , scream . what he sees : lound in wheelchair - a man aflame lound be a fireball racing toward US . just before the fireball would smash into camera ... CUT to : int . baltimore safe house , kitchen - graham + molly - night Graham and Molly be sit at the kitchen table over cup of coffee . it 's dark . Graham be look down into the Formica . he and Molly say nothing for a long time . then : molly can I have one of you cigarettes ? graham ( surprised ) you have not smoke in two year . molly I would like one of you cigarettes , please . Graham give she one . Molly light up . she pick a piece or tobacco from she lip . she 's try to control fear . 88. molly have you ever omit tell I . thing before ? graham no . molly then why ? graham I want it over fast . ( beat ) it feel dirty to not tell you . molly can you quit ? graham no . molly and ... where be thing ? graham where we be at be nowhere . we have nothing . we be run out of time . there be a long pause . Molly suspect : molly what will you do ? graham I have to go back to Birmingham . molly be Crawford go with you ? graham no . I have to be . in there ... alone . maybe there 's something for I if I know how he feel and think . molly William : you be go to make yourself sick or get yourself kill . Graham say nothing . molly Kevin and I have live through ... with Kevin 's father ... once before ... and we can not ... she can not finish . there 's a pause . then : she look at he . 89 . graham you should go to Montana . stay with Kevin 's grandparent . they have not see he for a while . ( beat ) I will come and get you afterwards ... molly will he shake he head and lock away from she , wonder about himself : graham Molly . ( pause ) I love you . and I be not really go to be fit to be with for awhile ... they be both freeze : in the same room but very separate . Molly 's eye be moist . she get up and leave . Graham sit at the kitchen table by himself , both hand around he mug of coffee . slowly , deliberately , he pick up the mug to take a sip . then he sit alone in the kitchen . CUT to : int . baltimore airport - graham - day on a pay phone to Dr. Bloom . gbaham sidney : I do not understand he . we know he re-arranges the kid and husband into a dead audience . to witness the act . we know he think the act be make he into something different . his ' become ' ... but I do not know what it be he think he 's become . ( beat ) the answer be something to do with how he use the mirror . that 's what 's miss for I . why the mirror ? bloom ( v.o. ) the usual motivation do not apply to he , nor the way he use they . I do not have a answer for you . ( beat ) listen to I , my friend : leave this . 90 . graham and do what ? read about the next family in the morning paper ? in my monkey Ward safehouse ' cause I can not take my family home ? ( beat ) this end when I make it over . bloom ( v.o. ) how be Molly and the boy ? graham Kevin and Molly be on they way to Montana . ( beat ) who the hell be he to do this to my family , sidney ? answer I that ...! sidney Bloom have no answer . CUT to : int . baltimore airport , coffee shop - window - late afternoon outside be gray . rain stripe the glass . sheet of rain whip across the silver plane and yellow utility vehicle . close : window Graham 's hand enter and flatten against he half - reflection on the cool glass . he hear : valerie leed ( v.o. ) ( ansaphone recording ) ' hello . this be Valerie Leeds . I be sorry I can not come to the phone right now ... graham I be sorry , too ... waitress Excuse I ...? Graham turn . the waitress look at he strangely . graham coffee ... she leave . Graham sit . he stare at he handprint and say : 91 . graham it 's just you and I now , sport . and I would better hurry up and find you . ( beat ) because I be lose all this ... CUT td : int . darkroom - dollabhyde - night enter . it be almost totally dark . in the green dullness we make we the form of a woman and dollarhyde . dollarhyde Ms. mcclain , I be Francis dollarhyde . I come about the low light level infrared film stock . reba ( woman ) put you back against the doer . come forward three step until you feel the tile a you foot and there will be a stool just to you leave . we see dollarhyde 's form follow instruction and sit . reba can you give I a idea of the condition ... dollarhyde shoot at maybe eight foot . I can not use any light . reba what 's be photograph ? dollarhyde the activity of nocturnal animal . reba when do you need it ? dollarhyde in eight day . reba let I stick this in the black hole . we see some movement . then the light come on . dollarhyde be hand be curl under he nose , hide he Z-plast scar . then he react to something . his face light up in a uncharacteristically open smile . 92 . he brazenly look the woman up and down . we do not understand why he can do this . reba mcclain be blind . her white cane be propped in the corner . she 's thirty with a handsome prairie face . reba the 1000 C infrare sensitive Film must be handle in total darkness . I keep the sample straight by touch code . ( beat ) it 's still easier to handle than a 1200 series . think it will do ? dollarhyde it will do fine . ralph dandridge , young manager of the department enter , check watch . dandridge reba , dear , I have get to fly . ( beat ) Mr. dollarhyde , if it would not be too much trouble could you help she home ? reba I can ' help ' myself home , Ralph ... dandridge leave . dollarhyde stare after he . he do not like he . then : dollarhyde I will take you . beba ( stand close ) no , thanks . I manage very well . ( beat ) i'll order you twelve hundred foot : of 1000 C tomorrow . reba walk we of the dark room . CUT to : int . dollarhyde's van , travelling - out of window - night we pass reba on the sidewalk . she be walk briskly with she cane and tapping in front of she . she 's very confident . 93. dollarhyde ride with I . reba thanks , but I will take the bus . I do it all the time . dollarhyde dandridge be a condescending prick . ride with I . it would be because I want you to . reba stop . she like dollarhyde 's directness . he get we and come around to help she in . he start to take she arm . reba it 's better if I rake you arm . CUT to : int . reba' duplex - door - night we hear footstep come up . reba 's key be in the lock . as the door be start to open : reba come on in . ( beat ) how about a gin and tonic ? dollarhyde tonic will be fine . reba in the kitchen . int . reba' duplex , kitchen - reba enter . she momentarily forget , retrace she step and turn on the light . she open the refrigerator . during the next piece of dialogue , we will see reba be ex - tremely competent make the drink . dollarhyde how do you come to gateway ? beba they have to shape up they employment practice to keep this defense contract . reba take a l0 - inch chef 's knife and deftly cut the lime , guide it with she thumb . dollarhyde you work out well . 94 . reba you know you speak very well , although you avoid fricative and sibilant in you speech . at the riker Institute for the blind . I train in speech therapy for speech and hearing impair child ... dollarhyde react to " speech therapy . " characteristically -- he attention go to : knife in reba 's hand . its extremely sharp cut edge glint in the light . another slice of lime fall . reba I will probably go back to it someday . dollarhyde uh-huh . silence . reba hand he he drink . reba . if you do not want to talk . okay . bur I hope you will ... because I like what you say . dollarhyde be stunne , at both she perception and frankness . reba May I touch you face ? ( as dollarhyde react ) I want to know if you be smile or frown . I want to know if I should just shut up or not ... there 's a smile on she face . now she hand move up towards dollarhyde 's mouth with the Z-plast scar where he harelip and cleft palate be fix . reba ' S hand dollarhyde 's fist grab it . dollarhyde turn she hand in the light . 95 . dollarhyde take my word for it that I be ... smile . there be no smile on dollarhyde 's face . rzba if I have offended you , I do not mean to . he still have she hand in he grasp . dollarhyde I have to go now . he let go of she hand . CUT tc : int . birmingham storage room - will graham - day sit among pile of Leeds family possession . he open a child 's toy . it 's large , pink plastic and heart - shape . it 's a mexican fantasy house with puffy white plastic cloud , strange handle and door with eye in they , rearshot : graham half and half out of a shaft of yellow light that radiate mote of dust in the air . Graham merely sit and stare into all of the debris of this dead family . pull back to see the vast expanse of the room which be a total disarray of all the furniture , all the possession and papers , all the bit and piece of matter , that be accumulate in a life by two adult and three child . everything from wash machine to tricycle to sleds . they litter the vast floor space . while we widen , we hear : voice :1 ( o.s. ) what 's he doin ' ? be in there all day . voice :2 ( o.s. ) just sit and stare at the stuff ... the camera now include two uniformed security guard at the door . they watch Graham , as we widen and pull back they fall into rear shot . hold . CUT to : int . white corridor - reba on dollarhyde's arm - night her cane tap the white tile floor . it 's antiseptic and sinister . we worry about where he 's take she . 96 . reba ready to tell I what kind of ' outing ' this be ? dollarhyde it 's a surprise . her head arc back as she sense : reba Francis ? we be at the zoo ...! CUT to : int . zoo examinationtion room - dr . warfield - night dr . warfield in two day we be go to cap he tooth . can you smell he ? reba ( aglow ) yes ! dr . warfield be you apprehensive ? you protective and muscular gentleman over there be watch we like a cat . reba no , no ! I want to . dollarhyde react with a light smile at the compliment . dr . warfield all right , put you leave hand on the edge of the table and you can explore with you right . I will be right here beside you . we see reba start to reach out . then we see what she be about to touch . ten -foot long bengal TIGER reba 's hand feel the fur slide across she palm . reba' hand the fur spring between she finger . 97 . tiger's great paw reba 's hand enter down its foreleg . warfield -- with two hand -- lift the great paw and put it in she hand . reba 's hand feel the roughness of the pad . she press and the claw slide cut . both she hand go up he leg to the heavy supple muscle of he shoulder . tiger's head reba 's hand gently touch the tiger 's ear and both hand feel the width of he head . tiger's mouth the hot breath come across its rough tongue stir the hair on she forearm . tiger's chest reba 's arm wrap around the huge chest . slowly she face lower and she put she ear next to the tiger 's rib . reba 's ecstatic . we hear what she hear : the heartbeat . it fill we and reba with its bright thunder . CUT to : int . dollarhyde's house - the great red dragon ARD the woman clothed with the SUN - night blake 's painting . it 's a large reproduction . it 's a pre - psychological evocation of violent sexual impulse . it have come right after the image of reba and the tiger . o.s. we hear water running ... CUT to : int . bathroom - faucet + hand hand be reba 's . we follow they up to the wall as they search for and find a towel . o.s. we hear the hum of a film projector star . we see the sightless reba reflect in the mirror . feeling she way , she start out ... dissolve to : int . live boom - pan it 's dark brown with wing - armed 50' - futuristic furniture . a sryrosphere cast scar and constellation throughout the room . a full -size mural from JPL of the Mars surface be on one wall . 98. we move - past object : a recliner lounger , two film projector , a black and white fifty clock with golf bail in the arrow arm , a magnavox console tv set and a sofa with dollarhyde and reba on it . they be watch a movie . dissolve to : closer : dollarhyde and reba the film projector hum . we do not see what movie dollarhyde be watch . reba ( beat ) that be nice of you to think of that . dollarkyde I make you a gin and tonic . it 's by the side of the sofa ... dollarhyde look at reba . then he look at the film . the two of they be like a tableau of suburban tv - watch . they be like a marry couple sit on the sofa . except : rear shot over dollarhyde + reba to the scbeen the movie be Mrs. jacobi look up , and Mrs. Leeds look up . and Mrs. sherman 's leg scissor in the water . then she breast swell and shine above she suit as she push herself we of the pool . dollarhyde 's blase , watch he horror show . he look at reba . reba unknow , be suffuse with a calm equanimity . her breast rise and fall with she breathe . the flicker light from the screen intermittently illuminate and darken the plane of she face . extremely close : reba' neck the smooth skin and down - like hair undulate from the bear of she live heart . dollarhyde be watch she pulse rise and fall under the soft skin and do not see : 99 . reba' hand move along the back of the sofa to dollarhyde . reba move towards dollarhyde 's face . on dollarhyde , and reba enter the frame and kiss dollarhyde on the mouth . dollarhyde 's eye freeze open . he be stunne . reba 's leave hand open dollarhyde 's shirt and slide down he ' chest towards he pants ... reba ( soft whisper ) take I upstairs ... CUT to : int . dollarhyde's bedroom - dolil1hwde be - night head on the satin comforter . his eye be wide open ... his reaction to this event be immobility and shock . reba ( o.s. ) let I get they off ... it 's tear ... I do not care ! come on . my God , man . yes ... reba 's hand with she long , gentle finger enter the frame caress the side of dollarhyde 's face . we will hear reba 's voice and see little of she . we will see dollarhyde 's face and the expression on it : wonder and amazement . reba ( o.s. ) you be so sweet , D ... ( heat ) let I come up to you and take it ... ( beat ) yes ... her hand move down from he face down he neck and rest on he chest . it rest on the face of what be tattooe there : the great Red Dragon . reba ( o.s. ) ( soft ) you heart be loud . ( beat ) feel all of I 100 . dollarhyde know what he feel : he be pole -ax . he do not know what he think . same - reba - later be asleep . she hold dollarhyde in the near dark . his hand caress she forehead and brushes light brown hair from she face . dollarhme wide awake , ease she away . then he put he ear to she breast and listen to she heart beat . dollarhyde be be - lieve . then dollarhyde touch she gently , softly in wonder and amazement . then dollarhyde leave ... reba dollarhyde re-enter frame and put a glass of water next to she . he cover she . he lay down again next to she . reba stir half awake , murmur dreamily . dollarhyde support the back of she head and offer she some water . overhead angle : dollarhyde + reba dollarhyde 's arm move under she pillow . she snuggle closer to he . dollarhyde 's eye be moist . reba 's hand move up he stomach and rest on he chest . it rest above he heart . it rest on the face of the crimson dragon . when she be asleep again , dollarhyde take she hand off the great tattoo and put it on he face . dollarhyde -- cloven in two , accept by a live reba -- will not sleep for a very long time . CUT to : same - dollarhyde - day it be morning . he snap awake . he be horror-struck : reba 's pillow be empty . she 's nor there . dollarhyde race we of the room . CUT to : ext . dollarhyde house , backyard - door - day slam open . dollarhyde stop in the door frame . reba ( o.s. ) be that you . D ? 101 . dollarhyde yes , be you okay ...?! reba ( o.s. ) I be fine . reba in she cotton dress . the prairie wind blow she hair and press the thin cotton against she body in the overgrown weed and wildflower of dollarhyde 's backyard . dollarhyde near she , tower above she . he touch she face . reba fold into he arm and lay she head on he hard chest . his heart be go fast . he do not believe this fine thing be happen - ing to he and that she 's okay . reba good morning ... ( kiss he cheek ) if you show I where thing be , I will make we some coffee ... dollarhyde no ! do not go back into the house ... ( to reba 's quizzical reaction ) it 's too nice outside . reba my sister 's come by to pick I up for brunch . why do not you come , too ? dollarhyde I have work to do at the plant . reba I will get my purse . dollarhyde I will get it . ( leave ) stay right here . you lock very good in the sun ... CUT to : ext . service station - attendant - day he 's heavy - set and sullen . dollarhyde 's van , with reba , pull in . 102 . dollarhyde do you want a Coke or something , reba ? reba I be fine , Francis . dollarhyde get out . dollarhyde fill it up and check the oil , please . dollarhyde cross to the men' room . after place the nozzle in the gas tank the attendant bang open the hood , draw the dipstick , grab a can of 10 - 40 , jam the oil spout into the can and stick the spout into the engine . as he start to move around the van he see something in the interior and stop . a smile dawns on he face . we do not know what he see . he start wiping the windshield . he wipe and wipe the same spot . reba be dress be just above she knee . she sit on the high seat . her leg be cross . her white cane lay between the seat . from he lower angle at the van window the attendant can look up she dress . he bend down a little to see better ... men' room door nothing . then dollarhyde enter . he crumple a paper rowel and throw it in the basket . dollarhyde cross around the backside of the van . driver' window dollarhyde appear . as he start to reach for he wallet on the dash , he see what the attendant 's do ... attendant unaware of dollarhyde -- be grin and still wiping the same spot in front of reba . dollarhyde be come around the van . fast . dollarhyde you sonofabitch ... 103 . attendant ( cocky ) you do not like it ? you know what you can do about it ... attendant start away . dollarhyde catch he and shove he into and through a display of stp . the attendant bounce once and slam into the station wall . can crash and roll away ... dollarhyde do know what he can do about it . reba' face through the windshield . she 's try to find the handle to roll down the window . attendant be white . there be something in dollarhyde 's face that he have never see before , anywhere . dollarhyde pull the spout from the oil can that be in he engine . he advance on the freeze attendant . he look at the sharp end of the spout . attendant be wide - eye . dollarhyde 's big hand enter and flatten the man into the wall , compress he thorax . dollarhyde I ought to jam this in you chest , and drain you heart ... the attendant try to say he 's sorry , but he can not talk . dollarhyde 's hand have grab he face . he hesitates . then he throw money at the attendant and leave ... CUT to : int . HOTEL room - graham - night with Crawford on the phone . crawford ( v.o. ) you get the message lecktor call ... graham I arrange for he to have a phone . I have to call he in a few minute . 104 . crawford ( v.o. ) from the lip wound , which happen seven hour before he get burn , we have narrow it down to that city within the seven-hour drive radius that also would have catch the ' tattler ' early Tuesday morning . graham what 's it narrow down to ? crawford ( v.o. ) milwaukee , madison , dubuque , Peoria , sr. Louis , Indianapolis , Cincinnati , Toledo and Detroit . graham ( laugh ) that 's narrow ? crawford ( v.o. ) when be you come back ? graham when I be do . Graham hang up the phone . he look out the window at the rain . he dial again . graham it 's will Graham . be Molly there , Mr. swenson ? grampa ( v.0 . ) well , how you doin ' , Mr. Graham ?! you sure be in the center of a storm . Burning up lot of taxpayer 's dollar , too , I bet. ( beat ) on the news they say he be a white man . he be not really , be he ? graham sure he be . blond . ( fuck he : ) probably scandinavian , too ... grampa ( v.o. ) you go back down to Florida after ? graham yes . be Molly there ? 105 . grampa ( v.o. ) my grandboy 's be eatin ' a ton of breakfast every day . be out riding . must be the good air . you oughta see that little booger eat . i'11 bet he 's gain ten pound . ( beat ) Molly 's out in the motor home ... graham I know ... ' out in the good air ... ' grampa ( v.o. ) what 's that ? graham tell she I call . Graham hang up . he dial again . gpaham this be will Graham . Dr. chilton arrange for I to talk with Dr. lecktor . operator ( v.o. ) I will put you through . intercut with : int . chesapeake state hospital for the criminally insane . lecktor' cell - hannibal lecktor - day pick up the phone and take Graham 's call . lecxtor I want to congratulate you for the job you do on Mr. lound . I admire it enormously . what a cun boy you be . will . graham what do you want ? lecktor you know lound 's enlighten I on one thing : you confinement in the mental hospital . my attorney should have bring that we in court . graham I be wear out with you crazy son - of - bitch . if you have get something to say , lecktor , say it . 106 . lecktor I want to help you , will . you would be more comfortable if you relaxed with yourself . we do not invent we nature , they be issue to we . along with we lung and pancreas and everything else . why fight it ? graham fight what ? lecktor when you be so depressed after you shot Mr. garrett Jacob hobb to death , it be not the act that get you down . do not you really feel so bad because kill he feel so good ? ( ironic ) and why should not it feel good ?! it must feel good to God . God do it all the time ! Graham laugh . then he start to listen closely . there be something here for he : graham I do not believe in God . lecktor you should , will . God 's terrific ! ( beat ) he drop a church roof on thirty - four of his worshipper in Texas last Wednesday night . just as they be grovel to him and sing a hymn . do not you think that feel good ? ( beat ) he would not begrudge you two measly murder . graham why do it feel good ? lecktor it feel good because : if you do as God do , enough time , you become as God be : powerful ... will Graham think about this . lecktor ( fade ) God 's a champ ! he get a hundred and sixty Philippines in one plane crash two month ago ... remember the big earthquake in Italy last spring ...? 107 . lecktor 's voice fade as will Graham hang we on he . Graham sit on the crumpled bed and stare out the window at the rain .. CUT to : int . leed house - graham - day stand in the kitchen . his raincoat and rainhat drip water onto the floor . the house no longer be a crime scene . it 's be clean up . it be absolutely naked . shade be draw . slashes of light hit the floor . Graham stand there . then he walk forward ... staircase - graham' feet up tiie stair graham ( o.s. ) I enter . the glass cutter . I lick the suction cup . the piece of glass I take out be mine . House be mine . ( beat ) I walk up this stair . I pass child ' toy . the child mean nothing to I ... the toy appear on the stair as Graham 's foot continue move up the stair to the second - floor landing . graham' Pov : approaching leed master bedroom door graham ( o.s. ) I be soundless . I move to the door . I step into the room ... int . leed master bedroom : the door it open . Graham enter . the room be white . we do not see the bed . Graham stand there in profile . Beyond Graham out of focus the wall start to discolor . piece of plaster start to fall . the room start to disintegrate around Graham . we will see what Graham see in he mind . craham I see you there . I breathe in the perfume of this room . I be in the inner sanctum of a life . you will accept I . take I into you . graham' Pov : the bed the ceiling and wall decompose . nothing fall on the bed . Mr. Charles Leeds sleep with he arm under Mrs. Leeds ' pillow . 108 . Mrs. Leeds be on she side . slowly she start to rise . she see the figure in front of she and she mouth open to scream . a silent shot shove she back to the headboard . Red blood start to stain she nightgown as she hold the wound . we float closer . in slow motion Mr. Leeds start to rise . something massive and silver flash through the frame . he be go . mirror explode . Mrs. Leeds be look at she hand cover with blood . now Mrs. Leeds look up at we . her face turn into a smile . her eye be silver . a silver light emanate from she mouth . she smile at we . she want we . she really want we . her hand gesture we closer . as we move closer we hear : graham ( o.s. ) you will be better than anything ... anything I have ever know . as I see I in you eye .. , as I see I accept there . reflected there in mirror . ( beat ) and you , you be the fuel for my change ... as this event become one more step towards what I be become that be different than what I have ever be before ... ( beat ) as I see I , accept by you , in the silver mirror of you eye ... in the silver mirror of she eye , Graham see reflect there : himself . int . leed live room - wide it be empty . the bare floorboard , a dynamic perspective of line , go nowhere . o.s. Graham 's scream reverberate in the empty house . CUT to : int . gateway lab , MAIN darkroom - wide from the ceiling day it be pitch -black . in the green safe light we make we the roller and pulley carry film through the vat of d76 developer and fixer . it be mechanize . there be no one to maintain it . distantly on the floor in a far corner we perceive the shape of a man and reddish glow . the camera start moving towards the shape on the floor . as we get closer we realize it 's dollarhyde . something be wrong with he . .. red dragon ( o.s. ) they will find out about you . they will lock you in a place worse than brother buddy be . 109 . dollarhyde no . red dragon ( o.s. ) they will make you be a piece of shit again . they will make you be a harelip again . you better give I what I want ! dollarhyde no ! by now we be close to he body curl up on the floor in the sanctuary of the develop room . the red glow emanate from beneath dollarhyde 's shirt . red dragon ( o.s. ) she'll fuck other people . pretty people . she'll put in her mouth there ... dollarhyde . shut up . stop. stop it . he stand . red dragon ( o.s. ) you give I her and the sherman ! you better give I both ! dollarhyde I want she ! I want she alive ... I be go to keep she ! you hear I !!! he start throw bottle of chemical across the room . they form a moire pattern of color on wall . some splash on he and make he shirt smoke . phone dollarhyde 's unsteady hand take it off the wall . be pour sweat . if the acid that make he shirt smoke burn he , he do not acknowledge it . he punch four number . dollarhyde reba ... reba ( v.o. ) Francis ? where be you ? dollarhyde the develop room . ( beat ) I need to ... see you . 110 . reba ( v.o. ) I want to see you , too , Francis ... should I come over ? dollarhyde ( into phone ) no. reba ...? reba ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) be you okay ...? dollarhyde ( into phone ; get control ) I will see you later . all right ? reba ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) you will come by ? dollarhyde ( into phone ) yes . CUT to : ext . reba' house - slow track past dollarhyde's van - night he sit under the tree with the light out . he be wait . watch . he look at he watch . then he hear a car approach and look up . dollarhyde's Pov : GREEN oldsmobile pull into reba 's drive . int . van - dollarhme's face excite . he start to get out . now he stop . dollarhyde's Pov : reba + ralph dandridge exit the oldsmobile . he help reba out of the car . she make she own way up the sidewalk to she door . reba open she door with a key . she turn towards dandridge . dandridge there 's something on you face . he brushes at a speck of dust on reba 's cheek . 111 . int . van - dollarhyde stare . event be threaten dollarhyde 's fragile stabil - ity . we do not want this to be happen , we do not want dandridge to touch she ... dollarhyde's Pov : reba + dandridge we see what dollarhyde imagine : dandridge 's finger caress the soft skin of reba 's face . reba 's expression and mouth be open and warm to he . int . van - dollarhyde's face blank . dollarhyde's Pov : reba + dollarhyde reba smile . her lip part . his finger brushes between she lip ... his hand go to she breast ... int . dollarhyde's van - dollarhyde be hand clutches the dash . padd dash his finger pop through the vinyl , gouging deep furrow . we hear hyperventilate . ext . reba' house - reba + dandridge normal reality . there be no , there be no seduction . no contact . reba what be it ? dandridge pollen . reba thanks for the ride . dandridge see you tomorrow . reba walk into she apartment 112 . ralph dandridge walk back to he car . we be tracking with dandridge walk - ing past the hedge . a arm shoot out and turn dandridge . dollarhyde 's hand clutches the whole of dandridge 's lower face from underneath he jaw . he start crush dandridge 's face . three soft pop be from dollarhyde 's nine millimeter . he shot dandridge three time in the heart . CUT to : int . reba' duplex - reba - night move in the dark . the doorbell ring . she have unbuttone she blouse . now she go back to answer the door . reba who be it ? dollarhyde ( o.s. ) it 's I . reba who ? dollarhyde ( o.s. ) me. reba Francis .. .? she open the door and smile . red dragon ( o.s. ) it 's not Francis ? ( beat ) no. Francis be go . Francis be go forever ... as he step towards she ... CUT to : the moon it 's full and very large as it dawns over black water that seem to ripple and be draw to it . pull back to reveal we be : int . chicago FBI office - window + night sky - night next to the window we see the jacobi family in fishing scene on a monitor . they be on a pier into a small lake with pole and bobber . the kid turn back and wave at we . 113. crawford ( o.s. ) what 's important ? the scene change to a birthday party . the jacobis be sit around a dining table . they be sing . graham + crawford graham he change they into being that accept he ... and he need to see the acceptance , in the mirror . I do not understand the mirror before . ( beat ) it 's very important . crawford ' change ? ' graham it 's a word . killing they ... ( beat ) his delusion be : if he see himself accept enough time , he will become as one who have the power to be accept all the time . ( beat ) and he would record it somehow . so he can see himself receive over and over again ... crawford vtr , film , Polaroid , still , what ? graham how do I know ?! Graham be intent on the tape . then : graham he 's very careful , very ... design when he choose , ( beat ) if we find out how he find they , then we will find he . crawford there 's no connection between the family . graham there have to be . 114 . crawford ( exasperate ) there be none ! we have run it through the computer a dozen time . Graham 's beyond frustration . graham ( suddenly calm ) he 's a very shy boy ... crawford what ? graham something lecktor say . crawford let 's admit we strike out this month . the Gulf stream 's stand by . the basic lab stuff be on it . you , Zeller , jimmie price , a photographer . anywhere he hit , we can be there in a hour and fifteen minute . we get the call , we roll . the scene will be very fresh . .. graham it 's not over yet . crawford it 's a foregone conclusion . for Christ 's sake , it 's eleven pm . the full moon be tonight . Graham do not answer . he 's totally concentrate on the film . tv monitor : jacobi family Donald jacobi , big birthday card to the camera . it say : " happy birthday - follow the ribbon . " camera follow Donald jacobi follow the ribbon into the basement and the flood - light reveal a ten-speed bicycle . crawford will ? graham ( explode ) you wanna watch this or what ?! Crawford stare at he . then he work he way through a report with a penlight . 115 . tv monitor : jacobi family we be outside in the rain . Donald jacobi bring the bicycle out . the camera pan past : the padlock on the basement door . Graham 's hand flash into frame and slam on the freeze button . graham that 's why the boltcutter . crawford what 's that ? graham he use a boltcutter to trim the branch out of he way . when he be watch from the wood . why do not he use it to go through the basement door ? crawford because a steel door and deadbolt be there when they be kill . graham you mean jacobi put it in between when this film be make and when he be murder ? crawford he have to . Graham rifle through the file and come up with the autopsy report on Donald jacobi . graham Donald jacobi 's eleventh birthday party be April fourteenth . sometime between April fourteenth and May third they change the door . ( beat ) but you can not see either family 's door from the street . he would not know until he get to the house that the padlock be not there anymore ... he freeze the jacobi tape and load and play the Leeds tape : graham ( intently on the screen ) from the alley he could not have see the glass in the Leeds ' kitchen door . ( more ) 116 . graham ( cont 'd ) there 's a lattice porch back there , but he be ready with he glasscutter . ( beat ) so he be either case far ahead and we do not check back far enough or ... monitor : leed tape the Leeds ' gray scottie perk up he ear and run in the glass kitchen door . the camera pan off the dog to Valerie Leeds come in the door : behind she the door be vulnerable with its big glass pane . her kid follow she through the door ... crawford it 's get late and ... graham ( explode ) do not talk to I !! Crawford 's surprised . extremely close : graham watch . then he grab the phone and punch number . graham it 's Graham . the jacobi stuff be still in the storeroom ? metcalpe ( v.o. ) yeah . you know what time it be ? graham have one of the guard down there call I . metcalfe ( v.o. ) if the guy 's not asleep ... graham do it . he hang up on Metcalfe . vtr monitor Graham 's hand freeze the Leeds ' rape and play the jacobi tape . the jacobis ' cat move , jump on the table . 117 . graham ( to himself ) you know that be the jacobis ' cat ... the jacobi boy push the bicycle out of the basement door with the padlock . graham ( to himself ) you bring a boltcutter ... ' cause you think there be a padlock ... next Mrs. 3acobi -- warm , smile -- watch Donald ride the bike . now Graham play the Leeds ' tape , too . the dog run to camera ... graham ( to himself ) and the Leeds ' dog do not have a collar ... but you know it 's the Leeds ' dog , do not you , my man ?! his tail wag , he tongue out ; he 's a friendly dog . Mrs. Leeds enter and pet he . graham ( to himself ) see the woman ? Crawford be stare at Graham strangely . this be why Crawford draft he . but Crawford do not look like he want to be alone in the same room with Graham anymore ... graham the bloom on the woman . you can almost feel she . you can see she again and again . anytime you want . ( beat ) the doggy do not have a collar . but you know the Leeds ' dog , do not you ? ( beat ) and you know the jacobi cat . and the padlock on the door and you know you need a boltcutter and every other goddamn thing ' cause ... ( shout ) you 've see these fucking film ! ( beat ) have not you , my man ? the phone ring . Crawford answer . his attention be rivete on Graham . crawford it 's the guard in the storeroom . 118. graham ( to Crawford ) we want the can the jacobi home movie come in . ( beat ) they be in the far corner of the room under the window . crawford ( into phone ) there 's some film can in the far corner of the room underneath one of the window . Crawford be very quiet . crawford he find they ... Graham push aside the videotape sleeve and pick up the Leeds ' home - movie can . graham ( read label ) what it 's go to say on the jacobi film can be the same as it say on the Leeds ' film can : gateway Lab , St. Louis , Missouri . crawford ( into phone ) be there a label on the jacobi can that say what lab process it ? Crawford hear . then he deflate . crawford ( to Graham ) no. it 's Bob 's photo store in ... graham have he peel the top label back . crawpord ( into phone ) see if there 's another label underneath . Crawford hear , Graham 's watch he . graham it do , do not it ? 119 . crawford ( punch another number ) I want a chopper on the roof in three minute . to meig field . ( bear ) at meig have they warn up and flight - prep the Gulf stream . Graham 's already out the door . Crawford race after he . CUT to : int . dollarhyde's house , kitchen - reba - night have be place on the kitchen table . it be chrome and pale yellow Formica . her face be bruise and swollen from where dollarhyde hit she . she feel , around on the bed . she 's very frighten . she 's try to control herself ... reba ... you be scare I with this . there 's no answer . we do not know if there 's anyone else in the room . reba ( search ) . be I alone in this room ? be you here ... ( shrill ) why be you do this ?! dollarhyde ( o.s. ) ( even ) some remarkable event have happen in Birmingham and Atlanta . do you know what I be talk about ? reba shake she head . dollarhyde ( o.s. ) ( in a low voice ) two group of people be change . Leeds . and jacobi . the police think they be murder . ( beat ) do you know what they call the be that visit this people ? you can say . reba the tooth ... in a flash dollarhyde grip she mouth , shutting off the sound . 120 . dollarhyde ( o.s. ) ( low ) think carefully and answer correctly . his arm exit frame . reba it 's Dragon . Dragon ... Red Dragon . dollarhyde ( o.s. ) Francis do a thing for you today so I could not have you . and he be wrong . ( beat ) I am the dragon ! ( beat ) give I you hand . reba 's hand be grip by dollarhyde 's . he bring she finger up to he face . for the first time in this scene we be see dollarhyde 's face . the fange denture be in he mouth . dollarhyde make reba 's hand feel he tooth . o.s. , we hear reba start whimper and try to pull away . dollarhyde hold she hand there . dollarhyde now you know how the Dragon kill ... CUT to : int . gulf stream - electrician - night finish patching together cable . technician try it ... crawford ( into radio phone ) this be Jack Crawford , FBI . who be I speak to ? fogel ( v.o. ) this be Chester fogel . I be the manage director at gateway ... crawford ( into phone ) all we know be this man own a van and he work at gateway . we have physical characteristic ... fogel ( v.o. ) we have 516 employee here ... ( more ) 121. fogel ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we computer be not program to retrieve by physical characteristic . we would have to re-program and ... graham parking permit ... crawford ( into phone ) be you parking permit in the computer ? he drive a van . fogel ( v.o. ) ' employee facility . ' and we have special sticker for van . ( beat ) there 's ... let 's see ... ( beat ) ... about 28 , 29 van permit issue ... meanwhile Graham have grab the second radio phone . crawford ( into phone ) start feed I name . intercut with : int . ST . louis PD office - lo. fisk - night on telephone . two FBI man be at he desk . uniform patrolmen carry assault rifle and body armor run through in the background . graham ( o.s. ) run this name to you dmv for a driver 's license check . man we be after be blond , caucasian , twenty to forty , six foot tall , 180 - 225 pound . ( beat ) first name ... fisk punch Graham into the speaker phone . graham ( o.s. ) ... alvaro . a.l.v.a.r.o. , first name Jose . one of the uniform cop be already punch it into a computer terminal . Lt. fisk look at the monitor ... lo. fisk ( into phone ) no. Brown eye , black hair . 122. int . gulf stream - graham - night graham ( to Crawford ) no . crawford ( into phone ) next ... CUT to : ext . sky - aerial shot - gulf stream - night the Gulf stream approach and race past we at its cruise speed of 585 mph . as it leave the frame , the image we be leave with be the moon . it loom large and white 30 degree above the horizon and rise into a starry sky , CUT to : int . ST . louis PD office - computer monitor - night display the license with picture and drive record of dillon , lincoln . he 's a black man . lt , fisk ( into phone ; to Graham ) no. 36 year old . Black ... CUT to : int . gulf stream flight deck - over pilot' shoulder : - night St. Louis approach . the flash strobe of the airport runway indicator , the cobalt blue runway light . pilot ( into PA ) could you fasten you seat belt . we be on we final approach ... CUT to : int . gulf stream cabin - graham + crawford - night Crawford buckle up . Graham be hearing . lo. pisk ( v.o. ) ... six foot , male caucasian , blond , violet eve 217 pound , 38 year old ... 123. graham ( into phone ) put it through the datafax . fast . datafax start printing we line by line : a blow - up of a driver 's license with picture . the line compose hair , forehead , eye ... come at we line by line be : Francis dollarhyde . graham ( into phone to Lt. fisk ) Route three , Chester , Missouri . where be that ? lo. fzsk ( v.o. ) from the airport you be closer . we will meet at the hock Road off ramp , highway 94 . crawford ( to Graham ) fogel have four more name . he know two : both dark hair . third 's a woman . fourth 's a handicapped parking permit ... graham ( be dollarhyde ) this be we boy ...! CUT to : int . ST . louis airport - gulf stream - night Hit the runway . tire smoke . its engine scream in reverse thrust . it taxi away from the terminal to a security area . two St. Louis PD squad car be wait . gulf stream door open . Graham 's out follow by Crawford . they run across the tarmac to the squad car . squad car race out of the airport . CUT to : int . dollarhyde's kitchen - panning - night through shadow and highlight in the moonlight . we pass the sink and countertop and refrigerator and blue-enamelled broom closet . on the other side of it be reba . she be breathe heavily . 124 . she stand there , squeezing into the corner , try to make herself disappear . then she sense and freeze as a rabbit who be hunt and at a certain point , freeze ... dollarhyde stand four foot from she , just stare . then he walk from the room . int . dollarhyde's live room - dollarhyde put " innagaddadavida " by Iron Butterfly from 1967 on the stereo . it blast through the house . he be expressionless . deep in he psychotic episode , he affect be flatten . int . dollarhyde bathroom - dollarhyde as a reflection in the medicine cabinet - enter . his fist smashes . his image shatter with the mirrore glass . dollarhyde be forearm destroy the glass shower door . he rip the metal frame from the wall . he snap the mitre framework . the aluminum frame member have sharp 45 degree point . he take they and the shard of mirror and leave for the kitchen ... throughout he face have be expressionless . CUT to : ext . missouri state highway 94 - two car caravan - night streak toward US down the almost desert highway . CUT to : int . car - graham - night in the back seat . he be distant . his attitude contrast to the frantic 110 mph race down the highway and the two uniform officer and Crawford . they anxiety be visible . next to they Graham seem zone - we ... officer meet point 's up ahead ! graham go on to the house . officer Lt. fisk say ... 125 . graham go on to the house ... he obey Graham and floor it . Graham put he black plastic briefcase on he lap and extract the .44 Charter arm bulldog . he start to load 6 matte-black , blunt - nose glaser Safety slug . he fumble they in the sway car . the bullet fall to the floor . car floor glaser Safety slug roll on the rubber matting . Graham 's finger enter and pick they up . we follow the round as they slip into the cylinder . crawford be stare at Graham 's blankness . crawford will ? graham ( sharp ) what ? crawford you be not go to need that . because we be go in careful and slow and secure a perimeter and a St. Louis PD swat team be go to take he . not we . ST . louis PD driver that 's it up ahead ... there Pov : dollarhyde's property the house be set back a half mile from the road . access to the drive be block by a lock cattle gate . graham ( o.s. ) cut across the field . ( beat ) kill you light . dollarhyde farm + road - two squad oar - night the first drive off the highway through a shallow ditch and start across the soybean field . the second car take the ditch at the wrong angle and crash . its windshield star . 126 . soybean field + ST . louis PD car number 1 move across the furrow row . the car start to slow . we do not know why they be slow down . tire spray the gumbo mud out of the furrow . the forward momentum of the car slow until it completely stop . the tire spin and dig in . graham spill out and start run for the house and the orchard a quarter mile away . Crawford follow . CUT to : ext . dollarhyde orchard - graham + crawford run towards the house through the tree . branch slap at they . ahead , the orchard will parallel the house . they can get to within 25 yard use the tree as cover . crawford ( into radio ) get the roadblock set on Route Three ! there 's a access road to the back of the house . that ought to be a second team 's approach . will Graham and I be in a orchard due west of the house . graham how far away 's the back -up ? crawford Three minute . Graham gesture Crawford to a position with a front 3 / 4 view of the house . graham I will cover the back . crawford stay in the tree . as we track with Graham through the tree towards the back , beyond he we see the side yard and the side window move past . the window be large . at the back -- like a ramp -- be two storm cellar door . 127 . frontal : graham in the dark shadow of the tree . he seem to float : through the branch and slow and settles quietly . then the ex - pression on will Graham 's face start to change ... graham' Pov : kitchen window shadows . a light come on . then the figure of reba be swing out of a corner past the window ... graham ( resign whisper into radio ) there 's somebody in the house , Jack crawford ( o.s. ) ( radio filter ) wait for the back -up ! will ? graham ( whisper in radio ) it 's happen again , Jack ... CUT to : int . dollarhyde's kitchen - dollarhyde + reba - night on the right we see dollarhyde 's right arm with the aluminum shaft ... Beyond they , through the window we see Graham have step out from the tree line . he stand on the grass . he look helpless . his gun hang idly at he side . close : graham it 's he worst nightmare . about what he 's see : graham ( low ) ... stop it . int . dollarhme's kitchen - dollarhyde + beyond he 007 the window : graham we and Graham see dollarhyde 's arm arc back for a uppercutte thrust into reba . dollarhyde 's leave hand clutching she dress , raise she two foot up the wall . and now Graham start run forward . and he face be distort and he 's shouting : graham ( roar ) stop it !!! dollarhyde turn to the window in time to see : 128. window + graham -- he arm across he face and he body angle sideways -- crash through the glass . dollarhyde catch Graham 's momentum -- throw he across the room . graham crash off the fridge which open and spill and hit the floor as ... dollarhyde roar and grab he 9 mm from the kitchen table . graham' face be lacerate from the glass . he see he own blood on the floor . he struggle to rise . the first thing up be the big bore of the .44 . it fire as if it have its own mind . dollarhyde be leave shoulder explode . graham bleed , bring the .44 down from the recoil of the first shot . now , up on one knee , he fire four more round into dollarhyde . overhead : the kitchen floor Graham stand and walk to dollarhyde . reba be collapse in the corner . dollarhyde it more explode from within than shot . Graham start to raise the gun ... CUT to : ext . dollarhyde house - through kitchen window : graham as we pull back and see arrive squad car flasher play on the wall and Crawford run through the foreground , we see Graham point the gun down to dollarhyde 's head . as we be pull away come the final flash + report and ... CUT to : 129 . int . motel room - wide rear shot on graham - day we will only see the rear of will Graham sit alone on the side of the bed in the alienate motel room . his head be bandage . graham ( into phone ) hello . intercut with : int . montana ranch house , kitchen - molly - day molly I be out in the garden . mama come out and tell I when she see it on tv . why do not you call I ? graham mama be probably asleep . molly will ? be you okay ? graham not too bad . I will be here a few day longer . ( beat ) I want to see you . molly I want to see you , too . graham today 's Wednesday . by Friday I ought to ... molly mama have all Kevin 's uncle and aunt come down from cheyenne next week and ... graham come home with I . molly will , they never get to see Kevin and a few more day ... graham what 's this mama shit ? molly it 's what Kevin call she when he be little ... 130 . graham what 's the problem , Molly ? molly ( pause ) I come up here after Kevin 's father die . ( beat ) they be very supportive and help I adjust . I get myself together . I have get myself together now , too . graham small difference : I be not dead , yet . molly will ? ( no response ) you could come up here . graham they do not want I up there . every time they look at I I remind they ... if they think about it , they would want you . bur all they really want 's the boy . and they will take you . but they do not want to see I ... molly that 's not true . graham okay . they be full of shit and they make I sick ... then no one say anything . molly maybe we should give it some time ... graham yeah . that 's great . a little time . ( beat I tell you what , buckaroo ... ( beat ) see you around . Graham slam down the phone . still half - immerse in a psychotic landscape of the mind , Graham 's psyche resonate with echoe of dollarhyde . now he get up and walk out of the room leave the door open . outside be only the desert parking lot . CUT to : 131 . int . taxi ( tulsa , oklahoma ) - passenger's Pov of driver - night it 's raining the driver move slowly down a residential street look for a address . he squint ... driver twenty - three twenty -six ..- twenty - three twenty -eight . here you go . ( pull up to curb ) want I to wait ? graham ( o.s. ) yes . CUT to : int . house - wide angle - night it 's open plan . the dining area and kitchen be raise . the sherman family be engage in 7:00 pm suburban family chaos : GEORGE sherman be try to watch the news . he holler up the stair for he daughter to turn down she stereo . his 11 - year-old son , fred , at the dining room table be suppose to be do homework . instead he roll up ball of paper and do jump shot from he chair into the wastepaper can , sherman ( to son ) cut out the basketball and go back to the algebra , George sherman go back to NBC news . the doorbell ring . thirteen -year-old tina sherman come down the stair . tina I will get it . door Tina open it . tina scream . GEORGE shebman run to the door . in a wider shot , we see there be a sho - gun rest inside the door jamb . it 's within reach or sherman 's hand . we see why Tina sherman scream : 132 . will graham' face be pull down slightly on the leave side , make he leave eye moon -shape . there be a half -healed wound and butter - fly bandage where dollarhyde stab he . he be stand in a black raincoat with a black hat . sherman what do you want ? graham be you George sherman ? sherman yes . who be you ? grahaei my name 's will Graham . I ... sxerman ( suddenly realize who he be ) oh , Jesus ... come in . ( to wife ) honey ...! his wife start to come forward . graham no , that 's okay ... ( pause ) how be you ? there 's a search look on Graham 's face . totally strange . sherman we be fine . Fine . we be all well . we be okay ! ( beat ) that man , Crawford , call and ... tell I ... ( beat ) ... how ' bout a drink ? coffee or something ? graham no , I be okay . I just want to ... ( beat ) ... stop by and ... sherman I can not thank you enough , i.. , Graham shake he head . he do not want to be thank . no one know what to say . Graham look at they : 133 . sherman family stand in awkward place . they eat nothing special . they be normal human being live they life . to Graham they be very special : they be alive . graham I just want to stop by and ... see you ... I guess . that 's all . Graham stand there as if engrave each one in he memory . then he nod . then he leave . GEORGE sherman close the door . there 's a awkward look on he face . he do not get to say what he want to say to Graham . CUT to : ext . sherman house - wide from door : graham - night -- in the middle of the frame -- walk down the sidewalk away from we towards the wait cab . the rain pelt he black hat and black raincoat . ' before he reach the cab ... CUT to : ext . beach ( marathon , florida ) - graham - day sit with he back to we . Beyond he the sun reflect off the crash surf and burn out everything except the silhouett image of Graham . graham be watching the fence - in area of beach he and Kevin build at the open of the film . a baby tortoise crawl over sand mountain and be sweep away by surf into the life - support sea . close : graham drink a beer . he sense a presence and start to turn ... wide rear shot : beach + craham turn towards we . Molly enter the frame . her coat be under she arm . she drop it and she flight sag in the sand and continue walk to Graham . 134 . graham stand as she come near he . the aqua highlight of the water eat into they figure as they look at each other . Molly touch the wounded side of he face . then : molly let 's forget who say what to whom ... graham you get a deal ... Graham take Molly 's hand . water' edge Molly and Graham walk to the water 's edge and look out to sea . the highlight burn out section of the two people . molly so how would we do ...? Graham look at she . he touch the side of she cheek and she hair . she push against he hand with she face to make closer contact . graham we do okay . ( beat ) most of they make it ... rearshot : graham + molly Graham -- in the sunbleach violet short -- lay a arm across Molly 's shoulder . Molly 's arm move around Graham 's waist . they look out to sea . in front of they , the surf kick up drop of spray which take light and become brilliant atom . the end