napoleon a screenplay by stanley kubrick September 29 , 1969 fade in : int . bedroom corsica - night a well wear teddy - bear be cradle in the arm of napoleon , age 4 , who dreamily suck he thumb , listen to a bedtime story tell by he young mother , letizia . his 5 - year old brother , Joseph , be already asleep , beside he . narrator napoleon be bear at ajaccio in corsica on August 15th , 1769 . he have not be a healthy baby and he mother , letizia , lavish he with care and devotion . in middle age , he would write about she from St. helena . napoleon ( v.o . ) my mother have always love I . she would do anything for I . MAIN title int . dormitory brienne - night it be still dark on a freezing winter morning . the boy be be awaken by a monk , loudly ringing a bell . candle be light . napoleon , age 9 , sun -tanne , leap out of bed , rub he arm and shiver . he try to pour a pitcher of water , discover that it have freeze solid . napoleon who have be put glass in my pitcher ? look here , someone have fill my pitcher with glass ! dufour oh , my goodness ! someone have fill bonaparte 's pitcher with glass . now , who on earth would do a thing like that ? bremond oh , heaven , look someone have fill my pitcher with glass too ! monk silence ! silence ! you should not make fun of monsieur bonaparte , he come from a country where it be never very cold . he have probably never see ice before . dufour never see ice before ? oh , dear I -- how very odd . the boy snicker . napoleon glare at they . narrator at the age of 9 , napoleon enter the Royal military College at brienne , in France , under a royal scholarship . for the next five and a half year , he would devote himself to preparation for he military career . this be harsh and cheerless year for the lonely , impoverish provincial , among affluent french noblemen 's son . ext . farm brienne - day a lovely , late-summer afternoon . a small group of boy , in they school uniform , be impatiently gather around a rough table , cover with stack of thick bread and jam and tin mug of milk . the farmer 's wife supervise thing , collect a sou from each boy . napoleon , 9 , stand apart from the group , drink he milk , a book under he arm , lose in think , gaze across the cornfield at the school building , which be beautifully color by the late sunlight . bremond ( overly cheerful ) good afternoon , bonaparte . napoleon ignore he . bremond what be you read ? no reply . dufour move behind napoleon . bremond ( angle he head to read the title ) ( more ) bremond ( cont would ) dear I , be not we in a unfriendly mood . caesar 's conquest of Gaul . be not we terribly conscientious about we study ? by the way , do the supervisor give you permission to take that book away from the school grounds ? napoleon ( quietly ) fuck off , bremond . bremond oh , my goodness . what language ! do you learn that from you mother , bonaparte ? bremond be 4 year older and much bigger than napoleon . napoleon fuck off ! at this moment , dufour give he a violent bump from behind , spilling milk all over he uniform and splattering the book . dufour oh , goodness , my dear bonaparte -- I be clumsy . oh , and look at you book ! napoleon hurl the tin cup , with all he strength , at dufour , hit he squarely on the forehead , with a resonant pon - mnng ! napoleon leap on bremond , and the two boy go down in a tangle of bread , jam and milk . int . military tailor - day napoleon , age 16 , be fitte for he smart , 2nd Lieutenant 's uniform , study himself in the full - length mirror . narrator at the age of 16 , he graduate a sub-lieutenant from the Royal military School in Paris , and be post to the crack regiment de la fere , at valence . ext . firing range - day artillery fire range . a hot summer morning . napoleon be part of a group of young officer load and fire a cannon . narrator the practical professional training that napoleon would receive for the next three year would give hima work knowledge of all arm , and expose he to the advanced military idea of du teil , bourcet and guibert . ext . drill field - day a calm , winter day , snow on the ground . napoleon and group go through the order drill of load and fire a musket . they target be paint figure of soldier . ext . field - day the edge of a wood near valence . a windy , spring day . napoleon and nine other young officer be gather around a leathery - look Captain with steel spectacle , who be instruct they in the art of map read . the map , about four foot wide , be flap noisily in the heavy gust of wind , despite the four pair of knee and hand struggle to hold it flat against the ground . int . room - night napoleon 's room at valence . it be fill with book , mostly of military subject , but well - stock with poetry , history and philosophy . he be read by candlelight . outside we hear the sound of revelry produce by less conscientious officer . narrator his mood at this time be complex and varied . napoleon ( v.o . ) life be a burden for I . nothing give I any pleasure ; I find only sadness in everything around I . ( more ) napoleon ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) it be very difficult because the way of that with whom I live , and probably always shall live , be as different from mine as moonlight be from sunlight . int . inn - night napoleon , 17 , the youngest of a group of a dozen officer who be seat around a table in the local inn , drink and sing song . ext . forest - dawn it be a hazy , summer dawn . napoleon , 17 , and caroline columbier , a lovely young girl of 15 , walk together in a forest . they occasionally stop to pick cherries . it be a scene of pre-raphaelite innocence and beauty -- the young officer , smartly uniform , the innocent girl in a flow white dress . narrator he make friend with a family call columbier , and would later write of he first flirtation with they daughter , caroline . napoleon ( v.o . ) it will scarcely be consider credible , perhaps , but we whole business consist in eat cherries together . ext . lyon STREET - night it be a witheringly cold winter night , in lyon . people , bundle up to the eye , hurry along the almost desert street , past empty cafe which be still open . napoleon , hand deep in he pocket , shoulder hunch against the cold , pass a charming , young street - walker , about he own age . he stop and look at she , uncertainly . a large snowflake land on she nose which make he smile . girl good evening , sir . napoleon good evening , Mademoiselle . she be sweet . girl the weather be terrible , be not it , sir ? napoleon yes , it be . it must be one of the worst night we have have this winter . girl yes , it must be . napoleon be at a loss for conversation . napoleon you must be chill to the bone , stand out of door like this . girl yes , I be , sir . napoleon then what bring you out on such a night ? girl well , one must do something to live , you know -- and I have a elderly mother who depend on I . napoleon oh , I see ... that must be a great burden . girl one must take life as it come -- do you live in lyon , sir ? napoleon no , I be only here on leave . my regiment be at valence . girl be you stay with a friend , sir ? napoleon no ... I have a ... room ... at the Hotel de perrin . girl be it a nice warm room , sir ? napoleon well , it must be a good deal warmer than it be here on the street . girl would you like to take I there , so that we can get warm , sir ? napoleon uh-hh ... yes , of course -- if you would like to go ... there ... but ... I have very little money . girl do you have three francs , sir ? int . HOTEL room - night napoleon 's cheap hotel room be only slightly warmer than the street . a candle flicker in the draft , and the drive snow form a lovely vignettes on the window pane . napoleon sit fully dress , still wrap in he coat , scarf , glove and hat , watch the girl hurriedly undress , shiver , tooth chatter , and diving into the ice- cold bed . girl br-rrr , this sheet be like ice . napoleon oh , I be sorry about that . the girl shiver and wait for he to follow she into bed . he do not move . napoleon what 's you name ? girl lisette . napoleon only lisette ? girl lisette La croix . napoleon that 's a very nice name . where be you from ? girl please , sir , come into bed or I shall die of a chill . napoleon oh , yes ... of course . he stand and blow out the candle . title : 1789 - revolution ext . town square - day it be jamme with 300 peasant and town worker . many be woman , monsieur varlac , the revolutionary leader , stand on a cart flanke by a small Revolutionary Committee . he be muscular , bald man in he forty , wear glass . behind he , we see six severe head , stick on pike . varlac citizen , word have come from Paris that the foul prison of the bastille have be capture . ( cheer ) that its Governor 's head be up on a pike . ( cheer ) all Paris be now in the hand of its people . ( cheer ) soon all France will be in the hand of its people . ( cheer ) as the cheer die down , we hear the sound of a solitary drum and march man . all eye turn to the appearance of a column of 25 french troops , lead by napoleon on a horse and a single drummer , march into the town square in a column of three . napoleon halt they just inside the square , and ride forward , alone , into the huge crowd , who give way for he horse . he stop about 10 foot from varlac 's cart . the man of the people stand , hand on hip , glaring at napoleon , who be now completely surround by the crowd . varlac and he committee converse in whisper . varlac good day to we brother - in-arm . have you come to join we ? napoleon I be look for monsieur George varlac who reside in the rue de frelicot . do you know he , monsieur ? varlac very well , citizen Lieutenant . you have come to the right place , for I be citizen varlac . the crowd laugh in a ugly way . napoleon contrary to what you have be tell this good people , monsieur varlac , France be still in the hand of its proper authority , and they have send I here with a warrant for you arrest . you be charge with the murder of monseigneur de bouchy and he son , and the burn of he chateau . varlac whisper to several of the man stand around he . one of they disagree and forcefully shake he head . varlac a revolution be not a polite discussion in a parlor , citizen Lieutenant . one do not call it murder to kill such vermin . napoleon ( speak for the crowd ) you may save you philosophy for the magistrate , monsieur varlac . I be only a simple officer in the army , and to I what you have do be call murder , and he always be call murder by honest man . varlac then do you propose to arrest all of we , citizen Lieutenant ? for I be not there alone . napoleon no , monsieur varlac , my warrant be only for you . now , will you please come down at once . you will be take back to chalon for trial . varlac and he committee talk in agitate whisper . 10 . varlac citizen Lieutenant , my advice be to leave this town at once with you man . we do not wish to do harm to we brother in uniform . napoleon monsieur varlac , do not pretend to speak for this good people whom you have misl and inflame with violent speech . now , I order you to come down from the cart . another whisper conference . varlac I do not recognize the authority of the King or any of he lackey . laughter from the crowd . varlac I suggest that you leave with you man while you can . napoleon ( draw he pistol ) monsieur varlac , I will count slowly to five , and if you have not begin to get down from the cart by then , I will carry out you execution , on the spot . without give varlac time for further discussion , he begin the count . napoleon one ... two ... Three ... several of the committee move away from varlac . napoleon four ... this be you last chance , monsieur varlac . varlac be frighten , but make a obscene gesture . the crowd laugh nervously . napoleon five ... napoleon ride up to the cart , carefully aim he revolver and shoot varlac in the head . his entourage leap to safety . 11 . a gasp of astonishment from the stunne crowd , who stand hypnotize . napoleon a confess murderer have just be shot . now , let all honest man return to they home . fade out . fade in : ext . tuileries palace - day a mob of several thousand have break in and force Louis XVI , Marie - antoinette and they child out onto a balcony . derisive cheer come from the multitude in the courtyard below . a dozen or so man of the revolution have crowded out on to the balcony , press the King and Queen on all side . no one seem to know what to do next . Louis XVI give a half - heart wave to the crowd . a bottle of champagne and some glass be bring out . two glass be courteously hand to the Royal couple . the revolutionary raise they glass . the King and the Queen drink with they . this create a uproar of approval from the crowd . then one of the man pull off he dirty , red stock cap and offer it to the King . Louis XVI stand and look at it blankly . the revolutionary reach over and put it on he head . the crowd cheer . napoleon incredible ... incredible ... how could he let that rabble into the Palace ? if he have ride out among they on a white horse , they would all have go home . if he lack the courage to do that , a whiff of grapeshot -- and they would still be run . ext . view of toulon - day the harbor fill with british ship . 12 . narrator in the summer of 1793 , Civil war sweep through France , and the important naval base at toulon fall into the hand of a royalist insurrection , which quickly hand over the port to a combine british and Spanish fleet . ext . toulon hq area - day narrator a french army of 10,000 be order to retake the port , but its commander , General carteaux , a well - know parisian painter , have little experience in war and the siege quickly become a stalemate . General carteaux , a florid and moustach man in he late thirty , painting from life , a group of french soldier , pose in a patriotic tableau , they eye fix on a distant vision of glory . in the background , be the tent and the military bustle of carteaux 's headquarters , set upon a hill overlook the harbor of toulon . ext . toulon road - day a smart french honor guard and military band be assemble outside General carteaux 's headquarters for the arrival of Paul barras , deputy from the Committee of Public Safety . barras exit he carriage , accompany by four foppish aide and embrace General carteaux . barras be a virile , handsome , bisexual man with elegant manners of the ancien regime . napoleon be a onlooker with other officer . narrator Paul francois nicolas barras , former viscount , now citizen deputy from the Committee of Public Safety , have be send from Paris to personally report on the failure of the Siege . 13 . int . toulon hq tent - day a large table have be set up in the middle of the tent , at which be seat Paul barras , he four civilian aide and 7 general . set up at one end of the table be a large military map of toulon , pin to a board . stand back from the table , and range along the wall of the tent , be 30 junior officer , the staff and aide of the general seat . napoleon , now a captain of artillery , be with that group . barras slowly square up a stack of report before he and speak . barras citizen general , I have read all you report and note you signature . in substance , you view be unanimous . the English position , defend toulon , be too strong to be take by we present force . the two unsuccessful attack to date would appear to support you argument . he look around the table . barras citizen general , it be no secret with what displeasure the Committee of Safety look upon any lack of patriotism or revolutionary zeal . on the other hand , it obviously do not wish to indulge in a futile waste of life . before I send you report to Paris for the Committee 's review , together with my opinion , I should like to give you a final opportunity to present any new idea which you may have develop since write this report . there be troubled silence , but the general stand pat . 14 . carteaux citizen barras , since there do not seem to have be any new thought among we , may we know the opinion which you , yourself , have form ? barras General carteaux , my report on the conduct of this campaign will go in write to the committee . a awkward silence . napoleon Excuse I , citizen barras . all eye go to napoleon . barras yes -- who speak up ? napoleon I do , sir . napoleon speak with the uncomfortable yet determine manner that shy but willful people often exhibit . barras yes , Captain ? have you anything you wish to say ? napoleon ( clear he throat ) yes , with all due respect , I do citizen barras . barras please ... napoleon May I come to the map ? animated map napoleon 's plan for the capture of toulon . explain with narration how , rather than try to capture the town by storm , it be , instead , only necessary to capture Fort eguillette , a promontory of land from which french battery would command the inner and outer harbor of the port , make they untenable to the English fleet , and quickly lead to the fall of the city . 15 . ext . fort eguillette - day a cold December day . the french tricolor be be raise atop the main battery position on Fort eguillette , a flat area atop a hill , fortify with plank of wood and wickerwork . french gunner have already swing a few piece of artillery to face the harbor and fire on the English ship , now well within range . napoleon wheel around on a white horse , shouting order -- a bloody bandage wrap around he thigh . the wounded of both side be be care for . ext . toulon field - day a fine , winter day in a field near the military barrack of toulon . several hundred troops have be draw up to form a honor guard for the presentation of napoleon 's commission as brigadier General . spectator stand under the bare tree , and little boy watch from atop a embankment . barras present napoleon with he commission and a fraternal embrace . the band strike up . napoleon 's mother watch from a small wooden review stand which have be prepare for local dignitary and officer . int . paris office - day robespierre lie severely wounded on a conference table , amid a disarray of papers , surround but ignore by he captor who lounge about , seat on chair , wait to be tell what to do next . narrator in July of 1794 , the death of robespierre end the reign of terror and send Paris headlong into a lavish whirl of pleasure seek and sensuality , as if it be necessary to shake off the nightmare and make up for lose time . int . barras salon - night a large , elegant salon in the house of Paul barras , in Paris . there be ten card table set up in the room , around which be gather the elite of the new society ; 16 . politician , immensely rich war contractor , high rank army officer and government official . many of the woman be extremely beautiful , and display they breast completely uncover , in the fashion of the day . napoleon be one of the few guest not play card ; he have no money . i11 at ease , he drift from table to table , hand clasped behind he back . josephine de beauharnais be the most beautiful of all the woman in the room . napoleon settles at she table , rock slowly on he heel . she play for very high stake and be lose gracefully . she glance up , distract momentarily by he rock , but she look last no longer than the flick of a card . but napoleon notice she annoyance and move off to the bar , at one end of the room . the bartender , a friendly creep , stand alone . corsican yes , sir ? napoleon a glass of champagne , please . corsican ( pour ) yes , sir . I hope you will excuse I for ask , General bonaparte , but be you corsican ? napoleon yes , I be . corsican I think so , I notice you name when you be announce . I be corsican too -- my name be Arena . napoleon ( start to move away ) oh -- where do you come from ? corsican bastia -- and you ? napoleon ajaccio . corsican have you be back recently ? 17. the bartender just manage to keep the conversation go . napoleon I have not be there for three year . corsican I have not be back for ten year . be you family still there ? napoleon no , they be live in Nice now . corsican that 's a nice city . this be you first time here , be not it ? napoleon yes , as a matter of fact , it be . corsican you do not know many of citizen barras ' friend , do you ? napoleon ah-hh , no . corsican I think not . I notice you by yourself , all night . napoleon nod , sip he champagne and start to move away . the corsican lean forward and speak in a confidential whisper , scan the room with a deadpan expression . corsican just a minute , General . listen , do not let they fool you with all they grand la-de - da . they have all make they money from the war -- mostly from crooked war contract . they say citizen barras have put away million . napoleon ( uncomfortably ) I see ... the corsican whisper without any facial expression , hardly move he lip , without any sense of malice , but more with a kind of shrewd respect for the big-shot , and a satisfaction of be in on the know . 18 . corsican and they say something else about he . they say he never go to bed with less than two at a time -- two at a time , and they say it do not make a lot of difference to he which sex they be , if you follow my meaning , sir . napoleon nod , awkwardly , and leave the bar . corsican have a nice evening , General . barras enter the room , stop in the doorway . barras my friend , dinner will be ready in half a hour . please make you play accordingly . his announcement draw only some mock cheer with low murmur from the loser . he come up behind josephine and kiss she on the shoulder . barras ( softly ) how be you luck , darling ? josephine slowly fan she card to see the draw . int . barras ' music room - night later in the evening , the guest be now assemble in chair , group in a semi-circle around two raise rostrum -- one be really more of a small stage . the smaller rostrum support a string quartet play mozart . the larger one be empty . napoleon sit at the back of the room , still alone and awkward . servant snuff out the candle , leave only the empty stage illuminate . it begin to look like a musical evening until the entrance onto the stage of three very attractive girl , dress in heavy winter costume . the three " actress " begin to talk about be snowbound in a desolate cabin , when they conversation be interrupt by the entrance of three young desperados . 19 . the purpose of this entertainment quickly reveal itself as the young man proceed to strip off the girl ' clothing and have intercourse with they . the distinguished audience sit coolly appreciative of the " sextet . " napoleon , still the provincial , can scarcely believe he eye . josephine , seat next to barras , watch the proceedings , a imperturbable study of elegance and charm . barras take she hand and smile at she . she whisper something to he and he nod , gravely . ext . paris STREET - day a mob , carry royalist sign , be jamme into a side street , they exit bar by a few hundred government troops . thing have come to a standstill , and the front rank of the oppose force have begin to exchange crude , but not unfriendly , joke . a table and two chair , from a nearby cafe , have be place in the middle of the street , divide the two group . seat at it be General danican , the emigre leader of the mob , and General menou , he government opposite number . danican be read over some handwritten sheet of paper which represent a improvise treaty between the two force . General menou sip a cup of coffee , look worried and uncertain . narrator a new political crisis be brewing in Paris . the moderate government of the Convention , which come to power after the fall of robespierre , soon show itself to be inept , corrupt and unpopular -- and it be now face with a serious challenge from the royalist . General menou , send out to deal with the mob , lose he nerve and agree to withdraw he troops from the section . ext . paris STREET - night it be the same evening . napoleon , junot and marmont stand in a crowd , listen to a royalist speaker , who stand atop a wagon , against a carefully paint sign , illuminate by torch , read " Long live the King . " 20 . royalist speaker citizen of Paris , this morning , the troops of the Convention , under order to sweep we from the street , give way before we victorious banner . ( cheer ) they officer know they would not fire upon we . citizen of Paris , nothing can stop we now . we be strong . tomorrow morning , we will occupy the Convention itself , and we will exterminate the hypocritical parasite who have ble France without pity . ( cheer ) Long live the King ! int . barras ' office - night barras ' office in the tuilery . the room be light by candle . barras be in a terrible state , ashen from fear and lack of sleep . napoleon enter . barras rise from he desk and come forward to greet he . barras ah , my dear friend , come in , come in . please sit down . napoleon I be sorry , I be at the theater and I do not receive you note until I return to my hotel . barras thank you for come . would you care for a drink ? napoleon no , thank you . barras shakily pour a large brandy for himself , speak in subdued and apprehensive tone , frequently run he hand through he hair . barras I do not have to tell you of we latest difficulty . 21 . napoleon thing be quite serious , I should say . barras we expect a attack on the Convention tomorrow morning , at daybreak , and I have be place in charge of its defense . napoleon what do you have in mind ? barras to be perfectly honest , I have not the vaguest idea . napoleon be you serious ? barras I do not even know whether a defense be possible . napoleon what force do you have at you disposal ? barras about 5,000 troops . napoleon cavalry ? barras the 21st dragoon , about two or three - hundred trooper . napoleon any cannon ? barras there be none here . napoleon where be they ? barras well , I believe there be at least gun at sablon . napoleon you could have they here by daybreak . 22 . barras be this enough to oppose 40000 man ? napoleon properly arrange , yes . barras this be odd of 8 to 1 . napoleon the number be not particularly relevant . you be not up against soldier -- this be a mob , and they will run as soon as thing become sufficiently unpleasant . barras would you be prepare to handle this for I ? napoleon be you propose to transfer command to I ? barras in every practical sense , yes , but , officially , of course , I would have to retain command . napoleon Fair enough . barras I must be honest with you . I first approach three general more senior than yourself , and they all very prudently send excuse . napoleon I be not insulted . barras you realize what be at stake ? napoleon ( smile ) we life , the revolution , my career ? 23. barras look , let I be completely open with you , I have a carriage and a escort wait for I , and I have a great deal of money outside of France . unless we stand a very good chance of carry this off , I be prepare to call it quit right now . napoleon put he arm around barras ' shoulder . napoleon Paul , everything will be all right . ext . paris STREET - day dreamlike , slow -motion shot of the cannon fire point blank into the mob on the rue St. honore , outside the Convention . they be devastate and there be immediate panic . murat 's cavalry charge they , and the infantry follow with fix bayonet . there be no sound of the gun . the only sound be napoleon 's calm voice : napoleon ( v.o. ) I order the artillery to fire ball immediately , instead of blank , because , to a mob , who be ignorant of fire arm , it be the worst possible policy to start out fire blank . when they first hear the terrific noise of the gun , they be frighten , but , look around they and see no effect from the cannon , they pick up they spirit , become twice as insolent and rush on fearlessly . it become necessary then to kill ten time they number to make a impression . int . napoleon' paris hq - day napoleon 's new plush headquarters in Paris . pencil between he tooth , divider in one hand , he creep around on hand and knee on top of a very large map of Italy , laid out from wall to wall . other large map cover the table , the couch and any other available space . 24 . murat , marmont , junot and berthier creep around with he , work out various march route . appropriate ad lib dialogue will cover the action . at one point , napoleon and berthier bump head . narrator the crisis be over , and the way be paved for the formation of the new government of the directory , with barras at its head . napoleon be make Commander of the Army of Italy . there be a knock at the door . marmont come in . orderly Excuse I , Captain , but there be a young man outside who wish to see General bonaparte -- he name be Eugene de beauharnais . marmont General bonaparte be see no one this morning . orderly yes , sir . napoleon ( without look up ) what do you say he name be ? orderly Eugene de beauharnais . napoleon be he alone ? orderly yes , sir . napoleon show he in . the orderly show Eugene into the room . orderly citizen de beauharnais . 25 . Eugene be 16 , handsome , well - mannered and extremely nervous . napoleon remain hunch over he map . napoleon ( after some silence ) good morning , citizen de beauharnais . eugene good morning , sir . be you General bonaparte ? napoleon I be , citizen . be you mother Madame josephine de beauharnais ? eugene yes , sir . be you acquainted with she ? napoleon I have meet she . what be you business with I ? eugene I believe you issue a order that all citizen of Paris must hand over any weapon that they have in they possession . napoleon that be correct . eugene this morning , a Lieutenant and three soldier come to we house and ask if we have weapon . I explain we have only my late father 's sword , which , in fact , be not a weapon but only a keepsake of memory . napoleon ( mark the map ) a sword be a weapon whatever else you might wish to use it for . eugene I tell the Lieutenant my late father be General Alexander de beauharnais , and ask if there be any consideration that might be give to he memory . 26 . napoleon and he send you to I ? eugene he say no one have the authority to rescind the order except you . napoleon do you mother know you have come ? eugene no , sir . napoleon well , then , you have a lot of initiative , my young friend . eugene my father 's sword mean more to I than any other possession I have . napoleon you realize , of course , that thousand of sword have be collect . how do you expect I to find yours ? Eugene remove a slip of paper from he pocket . eugene the Lieutenant give I a receipt for it and say it would be keep at the section Le pelletier Police barrack . garden - day the garden at josephine 's house on rue de chanterine . napoleon enter , carry a very strange - look package , wrap in paper , about three - foot long , follow hortense de beauharnais , age 16 . hortense mama , this be General bonaparte . napoleon ( bow ) Madame de beauharnais . 27 . josephine ah , how nice to meet you , General bonaparte . one have read so much about you lately . please sit down . napoleon thank you , Madame de beauharnais . you probably do not recall but we meet briefly a few month ago , at a party at Paul 's house . josephine oh ... yes , of course ! have you meet my daughter , hortense ? napoleon yes , we introduce ourselves at the door . josephine May I offer you a drink ? napoleon oh , I do not want to put you to any inconvenience . josephine oh , it 's not the slight inconvenience , General bonaparte . it be a honor to have you here . napoleon you be very kind , Madame de beauharnais . do you have some sherry , perhaps ? josephine yes , of course . hortense , darling , will you tell Louise to bring some sherry ? hortense yes , mama . will you excuse I , General bonaparte ? napoleon yes , of course . hortense exit . napoleon I hope you will forgive I for barging in on you like this , Madame de beauharnais . ( more ) 28 . napoleon ( cont would ) I call to bring this to you son , but I understand from you charming daughter that he be out for the afternoon . josephine yes , I be afraid he be . I believe he be riding . I know he will be heartbroken to have miss you . napoleon well , I be sure that you will be just as pleased to have this as he will be . holding out the package . josephine General bonaparte , my curiosity be unbearable . May I ask what you have in that mysterious package ? napoleon proudly unwrap the paper with a flourish and hold the huge sword with both hand . napoleon you late husband 's sword , Madame , return with my compliment . the paper start to blow away and napoleon step on it . josephine stare at the sword , blankly . josephine oh ... how very nice of you to bring that for Eugene ... do General de beauharnais give it to you ? napoleon no , I be afraid I never have the pleasure of meeting the General . this sword be take several day ago from you son by some of my soldier . josephine oh , you must forgive I , General bonaparte , I be afraid you will think I incredibly stupid but I know absolutely nothing about this . ( more ) 29 . josephine ( cont would ) Eugene be so independent -- he hardly tell I anything any more , and he have so many thing in he room , I must confess I be not even aware that he have this sword -- you know how boy can be ! they both laugh . int . josephine's bedroom - night the candlelit , oval bedroom be completely encircle with floor - to-ceil mirrore panel , which multiply the erotic image of napoleon and josephine , make love . napoleon 's voice , read the letter below , be hear over the scene . napoleon ( v.o. ) my dearest josephine -- I awaken full of you . between you portrait and the memory of we intoxicating night , my sense have have no respite . sweet and incomparable josephine , what be this bizarre effect you have upon my heart ? what if you be to by angry ? what if I be to see you sad or troubled ? then my soul would be shattered by distress . then you lover could find no peace , no rest . but I find none , either , when I succumb to the profound emotion that overwhelm I , when I draw up from you lip , from you heart , a flame that consume I . you will be leave the city at noon . but I shall see you in three hour . until then , mio dolce amor , I send you a thousand kiss -- but send I none in return , for they set my blood on fire . int . mayor' office - day the marriage of napoleon and josephine -- a small private civil ceremony in the Mayor 's officer . the only guest be barras , Eugene , hortense , marmont and junot . josephine ( v.o . ) my dear theresa -- I be be urge to remarry . ( more ) 30 . josephine ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) you have meet General bonaparte at my house . well , then , it be he who wish to serve as father to my child . do I love he ? you be go to ask I . well , no . dot , then , find he unattractive ? again , no -- but worse still , I find myself in a state of indifference , of lukewarmness . int . kitchen - day the bonaparte kitchen in marseille . letizia be cut vegetable with a knife , the sound of which allow a disapprove punctuation of she silence . the tap - tap -tapping of the knife dice a carrot . napoleon mama , I be sorry that I do not write to you about this , but I think that it would be much better to tell you myself . tap , tap , tap . napoleon mama , I know that when you meet she , you will love she as much as I do . tap , tap , tap . note the follow excerpt , from napoleon 's letter to josephine will be read over the follow scene , which follow after the text of the letter . the visual will show josephine 's affair with hippolyte Charles , and napoleon 's life in camp and on the march . the letter be present uninterrupted by the scene description , to preserve there flow . napoleon ( v.o. ) my dearest josephine , every moment increase the distance between we , and with every moment that pass I feel myself less able to endure the separation . ( more ) 31 . napoleon ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) you be the eternal object of my thought , and my imagination exhaust itself wonder what you be do . * * * by what magic have you captivate all my faculty , concentrate in yourself all my existence ? it be a kind of death , my darling , since there be no survival for I except in you . * * * I ask of you neither eternal love nor fidelity , but only truth , utter honesty . the day upon which you should say " I love you less , " would be the last day of my love -- or the last day of my life . and if I should not die of sorrow , then , my heart , maim for life , would never again trust itself to respond to any sentiment of tenderness or rapture . * * * you let many day go without write to I . what , then , be you do ? * * * when you write , dearest , assure I that you realize that I love you with a love that be beyond the limit of imagination . that you , you alone , and all of you , as I see you , as you be -- only you can please I , absorb the faculty of my soul ; that there be no corner of my heart into which you do not see , no think of mine which be not subordinate to you . that my arm , my strength , my mind be all yours . that my soul life in you body . that the world be beautiful only because you inhabit it . * * * no letter from you -- only once every four day do I receive one , whereas if you love I you would write I twice a day . ( more ) 32 . * * * ( cont would ) absence relieve minor attachment but it intensify love . a kiss upon you mouth , upon you heart , everywhere . there be no one else , no one but I , be there ? * * * you letter be brief , sad and write in a tremble hand . what be wrong with you , my darling ? * * * my misfortune be to have know you so little ; yours , to have judge I by the man you have know , who surround you . * * * you have inspire in I a limitless passion , and a intoxication that be degrade . josephine , you have make I wretch . but I have never believe in happiness . be life really worth make such a fuss ? * * * four hour ago , there come that scrap of a letter to break the news that you be not come , that you be ill , that there be three doctor in attendance , that you can not write yourself . my life be now a perpetual nightmare . a fatal premonition stop I from breathe . I be ill of you illness , burn with you fever . * * * in a month I have receive only two note of three line each . good God , tell I how you know so well how to inspire love in other 's heart , without feel it in you own ? make mock of I , stay on in Paris , take lover , let all the world know it , never write to I -- and then ? and then , I shall love you ten time more than I do before ! * * * but do not go on tell I that you be ill ; ( more ) 33 . * * * ( cont would ) do not go on try to justify you behavior . you be forgiven . * * * you letter be as cold as friendship . what be leave for you to do to make I more wretch ? stop loving I ? that 's already do . hate I ? perhaps I should hope for that . hatred , at least , be not humiliate . but , oh , indifference -- the pulse of marble , the vacant glance , the distract air . note now the follow scene relate to the above . int . hq tent - night napoleon , seat at a table in he hq tent late at night write a letter by candlelight . int . josephine's bedroom - day it be a bright , sunny morning in josephine 's bedroom at rue de chanterine . there be a letter from napoleon lean against the teapot on she breakfast tray . she pick up the envelope , see who it be from , put it down , pour she tea , add milk and sugar , stir it carefully , sigh , look outside at the tall tree rustling in the breeze , then idly pick up the letter and open it . insert a close shot of napoleon 's hand , write on he official stationary which have print , under a large illustration symbolize liberty and equality , " headquarters of the Commander in Chief , Army of Italy . " int . josephine's salon - day General Le clerc present he aide , Captain hippolyte Charles . 34 . general le clerc I should like you to meet my aide - de -camp , Captain hippolyte Charles -- Madame bonaparte . captain charle I be delighted to meet you , Madame bonaparte . josephine thank you , Captain . wo not you both please sit down ? Love at first sight . general le clerc thank you very much , Madame bonaparte . I have come at the instruction of General bonaparte to bring this letter from he mother in Nice . int . tent - night napoleon lie awake in the early hour of the morning , in he camp bed . ext . josephine's garden - night moonlight . josephine and Charles walk slowly in the garden . they stop . she be still . he touch he lip to she shoulder and neck . she slowly turn , look into he eye and kiss he , long and languorously . ext . campfire - day napoleon stand at a camp fire in the rain , stare vacantly into the flame . int . josephine's bedroom - night josephine and Charles make love in she mirrore bedroom at the rue de chanterine . maximum erotica . title : the first italian campaign 35 . ext . italian road - day a spectacular shot of the french army on the march -- about 5,000 man . Music . napoleon ( v.o. ) Soldiers , you be half - naked and badly clothed . the authority find much fault with you and yet can give nothing . you patience , you courage be admirable but you be not get any fame . I will lead you into the must fruitful plain in the world -- rich province and great city shall be you possession , and then you will have wealth , honor and fame in full measure . animated map start of the lst italian campaign . narrator with the italian campaign , napoleon step onto the stage as a figure of european importance . a dozen victory in as many month would be announce in dramatic and highly color bulletin . the battle of the revolution have be so far mainly defensive . now , there be reveal a new kind of offensive warfare such as have not be see in Europe for century . ext . italian road - day Army on the march -- a military band play -- about 500 man . note the follow narration will be read over the follow scene . narrator napoleon now introduce a new era of war of maneuver . everything would be sacrifice to mobility . the complicated battle formation of the century would be abandon , and the army freed from clumsy baggage train . War would be make to feed on war . ( more ) 36 . narrator ( cont would ) the army oppose he be still commit to the rigid idea of the previous era , and they soldier be treat as automaton . as they could not be trust to forage for themselves without desert , such army be slowed down by they supply train . the revolution , on the other hand , have produce a army of intelligent citizen , which could move fast by live off the country , and in which courage and initiative be reward by promotion . ext . italian village - day a small village in Italy . the advance guard cavalry screen , about 100 trooper , gallop through the town and form a line prevent anyone from leave in the direction of the enemy . major Captain , take 20 man . assemble all the inhabitant on the main street , and collect all mail and newspaper . ext . italian road - day horse draw artillery on the march . ext . italian farm - day a party of 20 french infantry remove livestock and food in a cart from a farmhouse . the farmer and he family look on in quiet despair . ext . italian road - day a section on the march -- boy drummer , in they early teens . ext . italian stream — day a big , exciting shot of about 200 cavalry crossing the stream . 37 . ext . italian road - day on the march -- a infantryman have a pet dog on a lead . ext . italian road - day on the march -- a soldier carry a parrot in a cage . ext . italian hill - day napoleon , on a horse , surround by he aide , study a large map . fade out . fade in : ext . italian battlefield - day a long shot of the oppose french and austrian army face each other across the battlefield . napoleon ( v.o. ) there be no man more cautious than I be when plan a campaign . I exaggerate all the danger , and all the disaster that might occur . I look quite serene to my staff , but I be like a woman in labor . once I have make up my mind , everything be forget , except what lead to success . a cloud of sharp - shooter , some mount , some on foot , advance to harass the enemy , escape from he superior number , by they mobility , and from he cannon by they dispersal . napoleon study this exchange of fire to better understand the enemy 's position . surrounded by he entourage , he be on a wood platform construct in the top branch of a large tree , overlook the battlefield . napoleon ( v.o. ) the art of war be a simple art . everything be in the execution . there be nothing vague in it . it be all common sense . Theory do not enter into it . the simple move be always the best . 38 . when the french skirmisher finally reveal a chink in the enemy position , it become a focal point for the main effort . horse artillery be send forward , on the gallop , to open fire with canister at close range . the main attack force of infantry be then send forward , move up in column and line . the cavalry trot beside they , in the gap , to make they presence feel where it will be best use . drummer and band fill the air with stir music . officer march smartly alongside they man . the precision of this attack maneuver be very important because the sight of the slow move , perfectly align mass of infantry be more frightening and discouraging to the defender than a wild bayonet charge . when the two main force be about 100 yard apart , the command Officer in the field start the chant " hymn to Victory " and place he hat , with its large tricolor cockade , on the point of he sword so that be can be see by all of he troops . when the distance narrow to about 50 yard , the defend austrian fire they first volley -- first row , second row , third row . the french fall everywhere , but the remainder fill in the formation and keep move in regular step . this be the crucial point of the battle . the defender now have to decide whether they be go to run or face the attacker ' volley and subsequent bayonet charge . there be no time for the defender to reload . now the french be 20 yard away and still hold they fire , train to do this because they psychological advantage be lose once they have discharge they musket . they want the defender to break and run . now panic have begin to set in and to dislodge the defend austrian troops . they start to give way . the french relentlessly move forward . the austrian movement at the rear become a stampede . the officer signal with they sword , and the drummer beat the charge . the sky ring with a thousand battle cry . 39 . the cavalry dash forward and hack down the flee austrian infantry , who be virtually helpless against the cavalry out in the open . the french have win the day , and they infantry fire they first volley at the back of the flee austrian troops . ext . milan STREET - day the triumphal entrance of the french army into Milan . wildly enthusiastic crowd , floral arch , tricolor everywhere , glitter military band , flag , column upon column of french troops , the smart clatter of the cavalry . napoleon , on horseback , flanke by he staff and aide , he eye shine , he expression transfix , as if in a mystical reverie . narrator napoleon would soon arouse the resentment of the directory in Paris , exceed he authority , make political decision and treaty like a Roman conqueror , enlarge he role to ruler of Italy . only he tremendous success and ever increase popularity prevent the directory from replace he . napoleon ( v.o . ) from that moment on , I foresee what I might be . already I feel the earth flee beneath I , as if I be be carry away up to the sky . int . bedroom milan palace - day napoleon and josephine be make love . sunlight fall on they body . josephine ( v.o . ) my dear therese , the journey here to Milan be the most difficult and uncomfortable imaginable -- I be bored to death . my husband do not love I , he worship I . I fear he will go mad with love . worse than that , I fear for my poor hippolyte . we may have be indiscreet on the journey , and I think Joseph and junot suspect something . 40 . int . office milan palace - day the orderly announce Captain hippolyte Charles . he be handsome , short and slight , very much in stature like napoleon , and have a hairdresser 's elegance . his behavior be absolutely correct during this interview , and one could never infer any guilt on he part . napoleon come in , Captain Charles . Charles approach the table and salute smartly . napoleon I believe you be acquainted with my brother , Joseph bonaparte , and my aide , Major junot . charle yes , sir , I have the honor of meeting they on the trip from Paris . they nod , politely . napoleon Captain Charles , I believe you be one of General Le clerc 's aide - de - camp . charle yes , sir , I be . napoleon be it he who assign you to command the escort which accompany Madame bonaparte 's coach ? charle yes , sir . there be a pause . napoleon study Charles . napoleon be the trip normal in every respect ? charle yes , sir . pause . 41 . napoleon do any difficulty of any kind arise during the trip ? charle no , sir , none at all . napoleon then , you have my thanks , Captain Charles , for safely escort Madame bonaparte to Milan , and you may consider you assignment complete . charle thank you , sir . napoleon you will return to Paris tomorrow and you will carry my compliment and thanks to General Le clerc for assign such a excellent officer to carry out a responsibility which have mean so much to myself and to Madame bonaparte . charle thank you , sir . I will do that . napoleon you may go , Captain Charles . Charles salute and leave . napoleon sit and stare at he desk for several second , then he produce a letter from he pocket and hand it to Joseph . napoleon I would like both of you to read this . please read it aloud . joseph ( read aloud ) to citizen General bonaparte from one who do not wish to see he dishonor by he wife . you should know , citizen General , that you wife have take a lover , one Captain hippolyte Charles ... undate and unsign . Joseph shake he head . he hand it to junot , who read it , and hand it back , look to Joseph to speak first . 42 . napoleon naturally , one do not take much stock in such a piece of filth but , on the other hand , it be not the sort of thing one can simply ignore . what do you think , Joseph ? joseph no ... napoleon junot ? junot ( thoughtfully ) no , one can not simply ignore it . napoleon I be afraid , then , I have to ask you both , Joseph as my brother , and junot as my good friend , whether or not you know anything about this , or whether you see anything at all during the trip which might make you suspect some truth to it . Joseph think for a moment and slowly shake he head . joseph no ... nothing at all . napoleon not even the slight hint of something ? joseph no -- Captain Charles command the cavalry escort , and ride outside the carriage . in the evening , he always eat at another table . they hardly ever speak to each other . napoleon you would tell I , Joseph , would not you ? joseph yes , of course , I would . you know I be not one of you wife 's great admirer , but I certainly know nothing about this . napoleon and you , junot ? 43 . junot ( shaking he head ) no ... no , I do not know anything about it either . not a thing . pause . napoleon well , thank you both . as I say , I shall regard this as a piece of malevolence from someone who do not wish well to myself or josephine . naturally , I shall trust to you discretion to say nothing about this . fade out . fade in : title : egypt ext . sphinx - day napoleon , Eugene , junot , marmont and murat , accompany by a large party of scientist , stand before the sphinx . narrator on July 2 , 1798 , napoleon arrive in Egypt with a army of 40000 man , and a romantic dream of conquest , follow Alexander 's march into India . the directory have be quick to approve he plan for attack England , indirectly , through they Eastern Empire , rather than by invasion of Britain , and they breathe a sigh of relief to have they unemployed conqueror off the doorstep . ext . pyramid - day napoleon and the scientist inspect a mummy , bring out into the sunlight , after thousand of year . a mood of somber reflection pervade the scene . narrator there be a air of grandiose fantasy about the expedition . ( more ) 44 , narrator ( cont would ) napoleon take along a hundred and fifty distinguished scientist , intellectual and artist equip with library and scientific instrument . they would find the Institute of Egypt , do the preliminary survey work for the Suez canal , and unlock the key to hieroglyphic write . ext . hieroglyphic wall of tomb - day a young drummer boy scribbles " Long live the Republic " on the face of some hieroglyphic write . several other soldier closely scrutinize the ancient write . ext . desert - day we be inside of a french division square , defend itself against a attack of mameluke cavalry . each side of the square be form of three rank of man , and artillery be place at the corner . the inside of the square be about the size of a football field , and be virtually empty , except for a small group of officer surround napoleon , and a fairly large group of terrify scientist and intellectual , dress in heavy european clothes , mount on donkey and camel , and carry umbrella . outside the square , the shriek mameluke recklessly charge , and be slaughter by the discipline and accurate wall of french musket . the scene will be shot only from inside the square , and from this vantage point , all we can see , over the head of the defend french troops and cloud of dust , be the top of the mameluke . napoleon , pleased with the way thing be go , ride over to the group of scientist , to cheer they up . he have to shout to be hear . napoleon ( shouting ) good afternoon , gentleman . I hope you be enjoy this unusual spectacle . one can not see this in Paris for any price . they be too frighten to be amused . 45 . monge be we do well , General bonaparte ? napoleon we be do very well , my dear monge . the mameluke cavalry be brave but they be sell they life at a bad price -- at a rate , I should say , of 50 - 1 . my only fear be that murad bey have some mean of communicate with he man , and that he will manage to call they off before we can kill a great many more . the artist , denon , one of the stronger soul among the group , have be busy make sketches of the fight . napoleon ride over to he and look down at the draw . napoleon that be excellent sketches , denon . May I have they when you be finish ? int . mansion murad bey - night the capture mansion of murad bey , leader of the mameluke . french - Arabian orgy -- quiet , cool , soft music , occasional male voice , low female laugh ; murat , marmont , berthier , monge . not napoleon . int . napoleon' office in murad bey mansion - night but napoleon be at work . he have take over a large room , group several table into a l-shape , and have make it into a office . he be seat before the usual 2 - foot-high stack of dispatch , letter , memorandum and report , which follow he everywhere . we hear the continuation of the music from the previous scene . napoleon , in a angry and irritable mood , be dictating to bourrienne . napoleon ( dictating ) must you , too , take this opportunity during my absence to indulge the petty jealousy of the bonaparte family ? must you ... there be a knock at the door . 46 . napoleon come in ! junot enter , extremely drunk . junot I believe you send for I . napoleon yes , yes , please sit down . I will be with you in a moment . junot stagger over to a couch and sit down heavily . napoleon 's glance linger disapprovingly . napoleon ( to bourrienne ) read it back . bourrienne to Joseph bonaparte -- dear Joseph , I have be inform by my wife of the cold and spiteful treatment she have be receive at the hand of my family , since my departure . I be also inform that you have refuse to pay over to she any of the money I leave with you expressly for this purpose . must you , too , take this opportunity during my absence to indulge the petty jealousy of the bonaparte family ? napoleon ( quietly ) oh , shit , that 's not right . he run he hand through he hair . napoleon leave we alone , bourrienne , and come back in half a hour . bourrienne exit . napoleon God damn it , junot , would not you think I have enough thing on my mind not to waste time on a letter like this to Joseph ? junot ( stare at he boot ) there 's probably some explanation . 47. napoleon yes , I be sure he 's be too busy chase he whore to be bother about my wife . junot sit , breathe loudly . napoleon well , anyway , sorry to call you away from the festivity , but where be the breakdown on serviceable vehicle ? I ask for it yesterday . junot ( speech affect by drink ) I give it to berthier ... this afternoon . napoleon why do you give it to he ? junot I think he would be see you before I would , and would give it to you . napoleon well , he do not give it to I , and when I ask you to do something for I , return the work to I , not to berthier . junot I be sorry , I think he would give it to you . napoleon I must have the breakdown now . where be berthier ? junot he 's downstairs -- somewhere . napoleon all right , thank you . please ask he to come here . junot pause and then speak with exaggerated importance and earnestness bring on by too much drink . junot yes ... but , first , can I say something to you , as a friend ? 48 . napoleon certainly . junot I know that I should not butt into thing ... that be really no concern of mine ... but you should not write a letter like that to Joseph . napoleon why not ? junot well , maybe he 's only look out for you best interest . napoleon what be you talk about ? junot nothing . that 's all I can say . napoleon that 's all you can say ? what be you talk about ? junot that 's all I can say . napoleon now , just a minute . you have just very clearly imply that there be a reason why Joseph should not give my wife the money which I leave for she . I can not possibly allow a remark like that to go without explanation . junot let 's just say , he look after you interest . napoleon take junot by the shoulder . napoleon look , junot , you be not go to leave this room until you explain yourself . junot there be some thing ... better leave unsaid . 49 . napoleon you mean about my wife ?! you mean there be some thing better leave unsaid about josephine ?! suddenly , junot bury he head in he hand . napoleon what the hell be the matter with you ? junot ( mumble into he hand ) I do not want to hurt you ... all I want to do be to keep from hurt you . I swear I do not want to hurt you . napoleon well , whatever the hell you want to do , you be go to tell I everything right now . do you understand ?! junot ( pull himself together ) you know that ... letter you show I in Milan -- the one about hippolyte Charles ? napoleon yes . junot I write it . napoleon what ? junot yes , I write it . napoleon you write it . junot I could not face tell you . napoleon you could not face tell I what ? junot about hippolyte Charles . 50 . napoleon what be there to tell ? junot my God , what do you think ? napoleon do you know what you be say ? junot God help I -- yes . napoleon how do you know ? junot I know . napoleon how do you know ? junot pull himself together and speak in a unnaturally control and somewhat mechanical way . junot I be in she may 's room at a inn we stop at for the night , outside of dijon . it be a adjoin room to Madame bonaparte 's . napoleon yes ? junot search for a better way to say it but do not come up with anything . junot I could hear they , in the next room . napoleon 's voice be barely audible . napoleon you could hear they ? junot yes . napoleon stare at the corner of a table . napoleon you mean you hear they make love ? 51 . junot yes . napoleon sit down . napoleon how do you know it be Captain Charles ? junot I question the may , and she admit Charles have be Madame bonaparte 's lover for several month . napoleon can you give I a drink , please ? junot yes , of course . what do you want ? napoleon stare into space and do not reply . junot pour a glass of whisky . napoleon drink it down , distastefully . junot I want to kill he but Joseph convinced I it would be a mistake . he say people would say you have not the courage to deal with it yourself . napoleon and be it so widely know that Joseph have reason for such concern ? junot I believe so . I believe Madame bonaparte be not discreet , in Paris . a knock at the door . a momentary pause , then a much more urgent knock . bourrienne ( 0.s. ) General bonaparte ? napoleon come back in a hour . 52 . bourrienne ( 0.s. ) Excuse I , General bonaparte , but I believe this be a extremely urgent matter , require you immediate attention . napoleon come in . bourrienne enter . bourrienne this dispatch have just arrive from aboukir , mark high priority , for General bonaparte 's eye only . napoleon let I see it . he open the envelope , read it and toss the note on the table . napoleon ( flatly ) Nelson have engage bruey off aboukir . bruey be dead and we have lose eleven ship . ext . french town - day wildly cheer crowd , flag , military band -- napoleon ride in a open carriage , wave . he be follow by two other carriage , contain the small entourage , bring back from Egypt . a beautiful floral Arc de triomphe decorate the end of the street . narrator on October 9th , 1799 , napoleon , with only a small entourage , arrive at the port of frejus , in France , after a journey of six week , in which he evade a large british fleet . the news of he arrival throw France into a delirium of joy . his return be see as a kind of deliverance , by a nation in the grip of economic chaos , near anarchy and the threat of invasion . 53 . int . chamber of directory in paris - day a large room in luxembourg Palace . napoleon be seat before the five director , barras , sieyes , moulins , gohier and Roger - duco , who be dress in they pompous official costume with three - foot hat and feathered plume . present also be talleyrand , fouche , Joseph , lucien and several dozen important official . napoleon Nelson 's victory at aboukir quite effectively finish the strategic purpose of the campaign , and with the loss of all we principal fight ship , the army be maroon in Egypt , and we communication with the continent be severe . the only option remain to I be to develop the occupation of Egypt , to maintain the morale of my army , and to respond to the threat be create by the English and , very soon , the Turks . this be accomplish , culminate in my final victory against the Turks , when they attempt a landing at aboukir . gohier I wonder if you would care to tell we , General bonaparte , why , so soon after this admirable victory , you decide to ... abandon you army and return to France ? napoleon citizen gohier , my army be not abandon -- it be leave in a very strong position , and in the capable hand of General kleber . gohier of course , General bonaparte . a unfortunate choice of word . only the enemy of you glory , whom we shall regard as we own , would wish to give adverse interpretation to the honorable motive of patriotism , which I be sure , induce you to ... leave ... you color . please continue . napoleon smile , coldly . 54 . napoleon after the defeat of the Turks , a negotiation to arrange the exchange of prisoner take place aboard Sir sidney Smith 's flagship . at the end of the first meeting , Sir sidney give my chief negotiator , General marmont , several german newspaper , of a fairly recent date . pause . napoleon now , you must bear in mind that for more than a year I have receive no news at all from Europe , not a newspaper or a single mail packet . perhaps you can imagine my state of mind when I read of the serious defeat that have be inflicted upon France during my absence : the loss of Italy , the anglo-russian army 's occupation of Holland , the imminent invasion of France herself . after several day of deliberation , it seem clear to I that it be my duty to risk the English blockade and , with a few small ship , attempt to return , to serve my country in any way that might be possible . narration start over napoleon 's dialogue which fade under . narrator the government of the directory be bankrupt , and its press run all night printing the money it would spend the next day . two of its five member , sieyes and Roger - duco , who have the support of the moderate political faction , be prepare to seize power . they would welcome the inclusion of napoleon who would secure the support of the army , and who be now the most popular figure in France . 55 . the cut of this scene will be do to place emphasis on , and establish a relationship between , two of the director , sieyes and Roger - duco , Joseph bonaparte , talleyrand and napoleon . sieyes and Roger - duco will be cut with they name . int . carriage - day napoleon and Joseph drive through the park . napoleon the important thing be to find the right lawyer . one who will not protract the thing indefinitely , in the court . joseph you know I be only too happy to be of help to you , but surely this be not the ideal moment to involve yourself in such matter . napoleon I know of no better time . joseph you can not be serious . it would not be good to become another husband out of a moliere farce . napoleon the comedy of my marriage be sufficiently well know already . joseph you must not act impetuously . napoleon it be time to clarify the situation . everything be over between we . joseph but you can do the same thing in six month . the next few week may be the most important one in you life . napoleon my mind be make up . she will not set foot in my house again . I think if I see she again , I might be tempt to strangle she . 56 . Joseph sigh and try to think of another line of approach . joseph be you sure that you be not still in love with she ? napoleon be you try to insult I ? joseph of course not , but such violence of feel make I wonder . napoleon well , you shall see . joseph when be she suppose to return ? napoleon I have no idea . her may say she leave two day ago , to meet I -- I can imagine where she be . but when she finally do come home , she will find she thing in the street and my door lock . joseph she will probably appear with a dozen excuse and you will forgive she anyway . napoleon my dear Joseph , the only thing that be clear be that my wife be a slut - - and while a man may want a slut for he mistress , he do not want she for he wife . int . josephine's mirrore bedroom - night napoleon and josephine in bed . the mood be post-coital depression for napoleon ; submission and apprehension for josephine . there be a long silence before any one speak . napoleon be you in love with he ? josephine I think I be . I be confuse . napoleon and now ? pause . 57 . josephine now , I know that I shall die if you leave I . napoleon do you expect I to believe that ? josephine yes . josephine and you , be you in love with any one else ? napoleon no. josephine but you have have mistress while you be away . napoleon of course . josephine be you in love with any of they ? napoleon no. josephine be they pretty ? napoleon yes . josephine be any of they prettier than I be ? napoleon one have better leg . josephine be any of they marry ? napoleon yes . they be the easiest . I make love to one of they within ten minute of we first meeting . 58 . josephine she must have be in love with you . napoleon not in the least . after all , what be adultery -- only a brief transaction on a couch , require a few minute of privacy . josephine press against he . title : josephine promise I you will never leave I . napoleon I can not promise you that . josephine promise I . napoleon I will never forgive you . josephine I do not care , but promise you will never leave I . napoleon I do not understand you . josephine promise . napoleon promise mean nothing . josephine perhaps -- but tell I you promise , anyway . napoleon all right -- I promise . josephine you be my old friend . coup d'etat 59 . int . salon - night a small crowd of man talk to napoleon , sieyes , Roger - duco , Joseph and lucien bonaparte and talleyrand . the meeting be jovial and relaxed . narrator for the next three week , conspiracy be openly carry on in Paris -- in the salon of banker , general , politician and government official . int . fouche office - day fouche at work as Minister of Police . narrator the man responsible for protect the government , the Minister of Police , Joseph fouche , be part of the plot . ext . house - night a sleepy deputy , in he night shirt , receive he special summon from a cloak messenger . narrator in the early morning hour on November 9th , notification of a emergency meeting of the council , to be hold that morning at 7 o'clock , be deliver to that deputy who support the conspiracy . int . council hall - day sieyes address the deputy . a good third of the seat be empty . narrator sieyes warn the sympathetic deputy of a imminent plot to seize the government by the radical jacobin party , none of whose member have be summon to the assembly . he then propose two resolution which be quickly pass . 60 . ext . paris STREET - day the exciting clatter of horse hoof on cobblestone draw confuse spectator to the sight of napoleon at the head of 50 gold - braid general , on they way to the assembly . narrator the first call for the appointment of napoleon to command the troops assign to protect the council . the second call for the council to be move , on the follow day , to St. cloud , ten mile from Paris , where they would be safe , and out of reach of the Paris mob . int . barras salon - day barras , in he bathrobe signing 6 copy of he resignation . talleyrand hover over he , carefully put the sign copy to one side . Three officer stand by the door . narrator later , the same day , the three member of the directory who be not part of the plot be effectively take out of the picture . barras be force to resign under threat of death and a offer of gild exile . int . luxembourg - day moulins and gohier glumly eat a elegant lunch , laid out on a desk . two soldier stand guard at the door . narrator gohier and moulins , who would not be intimidate , be lock up under guard at the luxembourg . ext . ground of ST . cloud palace - day warmly -dress spectator have make the dawn journey from Paris , and be scattered about the garden and lawn , breakfast from picnic basket . group of infantry laze on the grass , play card , read , smoking and sleep . 61 . narrator the next morning , on November 10th , at the Palace of St. cloud , the final move be to be make which would bring napoleon to supreme power . int . orangery - day a long , narrow annexe , with high window which open out onto a courtyard , occupy by troops . there be no chair and the deputy , dress in they strange - look , long , scarlet togas and odd , square birettas , be uncomfortably crowded together , in emergency session . lucien bonaparte , who be the temporary President , look worried . delbrel , the leader of the jacobin party be in the middle of a speech to the deputy . he be a effective orator , with the right mixture of sarcasm and a sense of moral superiority . delbrel citizen deputy , we have be isolate here at St. cloud and surround by troops . yesterday , we be tell this be to protect we against a plot to seize the government . today we be tell that all five member of the directory have suddenly , and without any warning , resign . now we have be ask to pass a resolution form a provisional government , of three consul to replace the five director -- this three consul be General bonaparte and two of the newly -resign member of the directory , sieyes and Roger - duco . we have further be ask to adjourn this assembly for a period of three month , leave all executive and administrative power in the hand of the three newly - appoint consul , who will then draw up a new constitution . angry murmur . 62 . delbrel citizen deputy , do any one in this room have the slight doubt as to what be be attempt , or to the identity of that who be involved ? angry murmur . delbrel especially so , since I have it on excellent authority that the three member of the directory who be not present here today have , indeed , not resign willingly , but in the case of gohier and moulins , they be under arrest in the luxembourg -- and , in the case of barras , a resignation be force from he under threat of death . pandemonium break out in the assembly . uproar . lucien bonaparte ( ringing bell ) order , order , order . citizen delbrel , you be out of order . you be out of order . delbrel ( shouting ) and you , citizen bonaparte -- you role as President of this assembly be a honorary one , give only for the period on one month , on the occasion of you brother 's return from Egypt . and since you nomination be originally put forward by the two conspirator , sieyes and Roger - duco , I demand that you immediately disqualify yourself from this proceedings and leave this chamber !! uproar of approval , and cry of " Long live the Republic . " lucien bonaparte ( ringing bell ) you be out of order , citizen delbrel ! you be out of order ! 63 . int . ST . cloud salon - day the conspirator wait in what be formerly one of Marie - antoinette 's reception salon , now bare of all furniture except three arm -chair group before a large , ornate fireplace , in which there be a small fire . the shouting from the orangery can be faintly hear through the wall . napoleon pace , nervously . sieyes , huddle in a overcoat , stare apprehensively into the fire . Roger - duco poke at it with a damp log . Joseph bonaparte stand , gaze out of the window at the troops , sprawle on the grass . there be a knock at the door . napoleon come in . orderly Major lavallette to see you , General . napoleon send he in . lavallette come in , salute . lavallette General bonaparte , I have a message from lucien . he say there be not chance at all now to bring the proposal to a vote . delbrel have give the alarm to the other party . he say you must either use the troops immediately , or think of save yourselves . sieyes ( to napoleon ) oh , my God . I tell you he should have be arrest yesterday . why do I listen to you ? napoleon ignore sieyes and walk to the window . joseph will you use the troops ? 64 . napoleon only as a last resort . what be the council do now ? lavallette both chamber be swear a oath to the constitution . knock at the door . napoleon come in . orderly a message from citizen fouche . napoleon let I have it . the officer hand napoleon a envelope and exit . napoleon look at the note and , then , read it aloud . napoleon my dear bonaparte , if you have not already do so , I urge you to press thing to a conclusion . I can not guarantee the situation for very much longer in Paris . sieyes , in a absolute panic , lean over and whisper to Roger -duco . sieyes go and make sure the carriage and driver be ready to leave at a moment 's notice . Roger - duco exit . napoleon pace the room . sieyes well -- what be you go to do ? napoleon have patience -- all will be well . there be a knock at the door . napoleon come in . orderly citizen bourrienne to see you , sir . he exit . 65 . napoleon send he in . bourrienne a message from lucien -- he say that you have better act now . delbrel be go to introduce a motion to halt the oath and take a vote to outlaw the three of you . sieyes oh , my God ! oh , my God ! we will all be on the guillotine in 24 hour . napoleon please stop chatter -- and let I think . sieyes there be nothing leave to think about . we will be outlaw ! you have wait too long ! I be leave , and any one who wish to save he neck will follow suit . int . orangery - day deputy go through the ritual of individually swear they oath to the constitution . napoleon enter with four grenadier guard and cause a immediate uproar . the grenadier try to force a passage to approach the speaker 's rostrum but a group of jacobin deputy bar the way . deputy # 1 what -- bayonet in here ? deputy # 2 Soldiers ! you be violate the sanctuary of the law . withdraw immediately ! napoleon please stand out of the way . four grenadier be no threat to you . 66 . deputy # 3 withdraw ! withdraw ! napoleon citizen deputy , please stand out of the way -- I wish to approach the speaker 's rostrum ! deputy # 1 be it for this , then , that you become a conqueror ? deputy # 4 withdraw , withdraw immediately , I say ! napoleon citizen , please stand aside . I wish to approach the speaker 's rostrum . deputy # 2 down with the dictator ! down with the tyrant ! deputy # 4 outlaw he ! outlaw he ! the cry be pick up of " dictator , " " tyrant , " and " outlaw . " a scuffle break out and napoleon be knock to the ground and viciously kick . his guard manage to club they way into this melee and drag he out of the orangery . ext . orangery - day among the soldier , napoleon , he face bloody , mount a horse and ride through he man . the troops be confuse by he appearance but give he a cheer as he pass by . it be now five o'clock and the grey November dusk be close in . a cry of " Long live bonaparte " thunder through the courtyard . int . orangery - day the deputy be still in a uproar , but gradually the sound of drum , beat the charge , be hear . the drum get louder and a silence fall over the chamber . the drum get louder . the door be throw open and murat stand at the head of a column of grenadier , with fix bayonet . murat citizen , you be dissolve . 67 . ext . ST . cloud - dusk deputy climb through the window and be jeer by the onlooker . napoleon pace , nervously . narrator at the age of 30 , napoleon would now become 1st consul and head of the executive , for a period of ten year . the other two consul would become merely figure-head . title : empire int . tuileries salon - day paint cardboard figure , about six inch high , represent napoleon , josephine and the principal personage involved in the forthcoming coronation , be push about , discuss and note , as the group plan the complex stage management of the coronation . napoleon , josephine , the painter David , and a small entourage be seat , stand and kneel around a cardboard mock - up of the interior of Notre Dame Cathedral . narrator in the five year that follow , napoleon give proof of he brilliant legislative , administrative and organizational power . he create effective and endure institution of government ; revitalize the economy ; negotiate a concordat with the Pope , thus end the religious rebellion in the vendee ; reconcile the bitterness between right and leave by open all career to talent , and bring into he government the best mind of the aristocracy and the able survivor of the revolution . napoleon have secure the main social and material gain of the revolution , destroy privileged order and modernize the state . in exchange for this , he would now be give power far more absolute than any bourbon monarch . 68 . int . notre dame - day the coronation . at the moment when the Pope reach for the crown of charlemagne , to take it from the altar , napoleon take it , and , with he own hand , place it on he head . napoleon look , with a air of pride and satisfaction , at josephine , as she advance towards he , at the altar , and when she kneel down , tear fall upon she clasped hand , raise to heaven -- or , rather to napoleon . narrator on December 2 , 1804 , napoleon be make Emperor of France . he would later say : " I find the crown lie in the gutter and I pick it up . " napoleon ( v.o . ) duroc , I have a bill here for francs from tirot , for building the Imperial throne and six decorate arm-chair . the amount be absurd -- and , at least twice too much . int . tuileries dine room - night candlelight , silver service -- beautiful woman , important guest . napoleon and josephine be seat at opposite end of a long table . place at napoleon 's elbow be the strikingly beautiful Madame trillaud , a sexy brunette . he speak to she husband . dessert be be serve . napoleon the revolution fail because the foundation of its political philosophy be in error . its central dogma be the transference of original sin from man to society . it have the rosy vision that by nature man be good , and that he be only corrupt by a incorrectly organize society . destroy the offend social institution , tinker with the machine a bit , and you have utopia - - presto ! -- natural man back in all he goodness . laugher at the table . 69 . napoleon it 's a very attractive idea but it simply be not true . they have the whole thing backwards . Society be corrupt because man be corrupt -- because he be weak , selfish , hypocritical and greedy . and he be not make this way by society , he be bear this way -- you can see it even in the youngest child . it 's no good try to build a better society on false assumption -- authority 's main job be to keep man from be at he worst and , thus , make life tolerable , for the great number of people . monsieur trillaud you majesty , you certainly have a very pessimistic view of human nature . napoleon my dear monsieur trillaud , I be not pay for find it better . laughter . napoleon exchange a significant look with he major-domo , who nod , pick up a wine decanter , and come up to Madame trillaud 's place to refill she glass , deliberately spilling wine on the front of she dress . napoleon you clumsy fool . Quick , we need some water . Endless ad lib apology by the major-domo . major-domo this way , if you please , Madame . the major-domo gesture to some place out of the room . napoleon no , no , I will take care of it myself . we do not want to have any more accident . napoleon , the major-domo and Madame trillaud exit the room , amid apology , reassurance . the guest resume they conversation , but josephine , who have see the routine before , be distract and agitate . 70 . int . tuileries hideaway - night a small , hideaway room , reach by a back staircase , lead off napoleon 's private office . it be all couch , cushion , velvet , mirror and dim candle . napoleon , Madame trillaud and major-domo enter . napoleon Quick , where be the water ? major-domo here it be , you majesty . napoleon ah , good , here -- allow I , Madame trillaud . napoleon and the major-domo exchange another look , and the major-domo hurriedly exit the room , spring a catchlock behind he . napoleon 's attention immediately shift from Madame trillaud 's dress to Madame herself . his effort to rub off the wine stain gradually become more intimate . madame trillaud oh ! you majesty ! napoleon do not be afraid . napoleon take she in he arm . madame trillaud but the guest ... my husband ... the Empress ... napoleon do not be afraid , my dear . we shall be back before dessert be finish . napoleon kiss she and fumble with she clothes , to remove they . after several passionate second , there be a timid knock at the door . Madame trillaud look startle but napoleon put he finger to she lip and continue . after fifteen second , there be another knock on the door , louder . 71 . napoleon ( whisper ) do not worry . it 's only the night may . more kissing , then a louder and more insistent knock . this time they both sit up . more knock . Madame trillaud be frighten . napoleon ( angrily ) yes -- what be it ? josephine ( 0.s. ) open the door . it 's I . napoleon go away -- I be busy . josephine ( 0.s. ) I know what you be do in there . napoleon do not be ridiculous and go away -- I be busy work . josephine ( 0.s. ) where be Madame trillaud ? napoleon how should I know . ask roquier -- he 's clean she dress . josephine ( 0.s. ) what be you do in there ? napoleon oh -- now , this be absolutely ridiculous ! if you do not want to be humiliate in front of you guest , you will return to the table at once . josephine ( 0.s. ) will you be join we , soon ? napoleon I will be there in five minute . go back to you guest . josephine ( 0.s. ) five minute . 72 . napoleon yes !! josephine ( 0.s. ) ( weakly ) five minute . napoleon Goodbye . Madame trillaud start to get up . napoleon stop she . napoleon ( whisper ) darling -- do not be ridiculous . we have five minute . where be you go ? madame trillaud but , you majesty , we will be miss now . napoleon of course we will not -- five minute will never be notice . he tumble she back on to the bed . int . josephine's bedroom - tuileries - night napoleon ( in a subdued voice ) how dare you do that to I tonight ? how dare you ? do you realize who Madame trillaud 's husband be ? suppose he find out ? josephine sob . napoleon speak in sharp hiss , to keep the servant from overhear . napoleon oh , shut up , will you ? josephine sob . napoleon you tear have absolutely no effect on I ... what a fool I have be ! I be not a man like any other man . I must be free -- I must be free to do what I please . I must be free of this sordid jealousy ! 73 . napoleon look at the figure of he distraught wife . she be on she knee , slump across the seat of a chair . napoleon ( slowly and quietly ) very well , then , I will not put a specific time limit on this , but you must accept the idea that we will have to be divorced , and soon ... and , from now on , we will sleep in separate bedroom . this last remark finally cause josephine to attempt to speak , red -ey , sniveling , unable to put word together without involuntary shudder and sob . josephine Separate bedroom ? napoleon yes . josephine but you will not ... be safe ... napoleon not be safe ? what on earth be you talk about ? josephine ( sobbing ) in case of a ... surprise attack ... at night ... I be such a ... light sleeper ... I could wake you ... I could scream . this be such a pathetically dumb remark , it stop napoleon , cold . int . tuileries hall - night napoleon , in he nightshirt , follow roustam along the corridor . when they reach josephine 's door , roustam hand napoleon the candle and leave . napoleon knock . josephine ( 0.s. ) who be it ? napoleon it 's I . josephine quickly open the door . 74 . josephine ooh ! napoleon enter the room and she lock the door . he walk to the bed and sit down . he seem depressed . he sit , stare at the floor . napoleon ( touch the bed ) sit down . josephine sit down next to he . he put he arm around she , regretfully . napoleon I do not mean the thing that I say ... I be angry and I say more than I mean to . josephine oh , my darling . I be sorry , too . I will not do that again -- whatever you do . I will not cause you any more embarrassment , I promise . napoleon squeeze she shoulder . her surrender have not bring he happiness . josephine oh -- I do not tell you ... I have see Dr. corvisart , and he be very reassure and encourage . he have have excellent result with the water of plombier , and he think it would be a good idea for I to spend a few week there . apparently , he send Madame Le floch there last year , and she give birth to twin . napoleon ( laugh , weakly ) indeed -- well , you may tell Dr. corvisart , I should be entirely satisfied with half she success . ext . field - day George III review british troops . military band . spectator . 75 . narrator since the year 1069 , France and England have be at war for a total of 152 year . and , from 1338 , the king of England also call themselves the king of France , until napoleon oblige they to drop this title at the time of the short - live peace Treaty of amien , in in the follow year , England again declare war on France , and the conflict between british and french imperialism for maritime supremacy and world power would now be fight to a finish . ext . bluff - day a high , windy bluff , overlook the English Channel . napoleon and he entourage study the English fleet , moor several mile offshore , and the cliff of dover , just visible on the horizon . narrator the struggle be resume on familiar and inconclusive line , as neither side could really get to grip , while England be supreme on the sea and napoleon on land . animated map show french naval strategy . narrator napoleon devise a plan to lure the british fleet into a wild goose chase , to the West indie , leave the Channel unprotect long enough for the french to ferry they army safely across . but the scheme be poorly execute , and eventually lead to the disastrous french naval defeat at trafalgar . ext . ocean bottom —- day eerie shot of two french ship lie on sea bottom . 76 . int . admiral be cabin - day a drown french Admiral float in he cabin with he papers , book , clothes and a roast chicken . ext . parade ground - day Francis ii , the severe , opportunistic Emperor of Austria , review he troops . he be a year older than napoleon . narrator napoleon 's invasion plan be foil by England 's correct naval strategy , and by they alliance with Austria and Russia . subsidize by England , Francis ii be goad into war by napoleon 's assumption of the crown of Italy . ext . parade ground - day the 29 - year old Tsar Alexander review Russian troops . narrator he be join by the young , melancholy Tsar Alexander I , who have ascend the throne at the age of after the Palace Guard murder of he father , Tsar Paul , and now have rival pretension to napoleon as the arbiter of Europe . ext . rear area austerlitz battlefield - day the young Tsar sit by the side of the road and weep . his entourage stand by ineffectually , at a respectful distance . all around he be the evidence of the Russian disaster at austerlitz . narrator but four month later , on the anniversary of napoleon 's coronation , Alexander would weep over the shattered wreck of he army , on the battlefield of austerlitz . 77 . ext . napoleon hq austerlitz - day a cold , blustery day . a large fire have be build at the base of a steep - sided gully . french cavalry vedettes be post at the top of the hill . a party of 50 austrian hussar , escort 3 Imperial carriage , come to a halt . drummer and trumpeter sound a salute . napoleon help the defeat Emperor Francis , of Austria , from he carriage , embrace he with cordiality . this be the first meeting between napoleon and a important european monarch . napoleon ah , my dear Francis , what a genuine pleasure it be to meet you at last . francis I fear we meeting be long overdue ... napoleon . napoleon I be sorry that I be unable to offer you better hospitality , but this be the only place I have inhabit for the past month . francis ( shiver ) you have make such excellent use of it ; I should think you will hate to leave it . napoleon shall we move closer to the fire ? francis yes -- a excellent idea . they leave they staff stand on the road . napoleon will Alexander be join we soon ? francis I very much doubt that he will . napoleon oh ...? francis I be afraid he have be rather upset by the outcome of the battle . 78 . napoleon I see . Francis have develop a violent chill . francis ( shiver ) but he ask I to say ... ( shiver ) on he behalf ... that you achievement have increase he ... ( shiver ) admiration for you , and that he believe ... you success be predestine by heaven ... ( shiver ) and that he army ... napoleon ( interrupt ) my dear Francis , you do seem extremely uncomfortable . francis I be afraid I be , just a bit . napoleon ( offer a flask ) would you like some brandy ? francis thank you . napoleon I will have the fire build up . he shout to he staff . napoleon berthier , we need some more wood for the fire -- and some brandy . berthier issue order and soldier dash off for the wood . a aide dash forward with the brandy . francis thank you , napoleon . napoleon Francis , may I ask whether you wear warm winter underwear ? Francis downs a big swig of brandy . 79 . francis ( surprised ) no -- not as a rule . napoleon ah , well , that be the first rule of warfare . you must wear long - sleeve and long - legge underwear . you can never conjure up brilliancy with a cold bottom . they both laugh -- Francis , cheerlessly . fade out . fade in : ext . french embassy in berlin - day as a act of provocation , prussian noble guard sharpen they sword on the step of french embassy in Berlin . narrator have ruin the austro-russian alliance by she neutrality , Prussia proceed , in the follow year , to commit suicide by take on napoleon single -hande . ext . parade ground - day Queen louisa and King wilhelm review prussian troops . narrator led by the warlike Queen louisa , and she fashion - minded husband , King frederich wilhelm , the prussian still believe themselves cast in the mold of Frederick the great , and more than a match for napoleon . the King have a special collection of 60 splendid uniform , and be personally involved in the design of all the prussian army uniform . napoleon ( v.o. ) if the french army have be command at jena and auerstadt by a tailor , the King of Prussia would certainly have gain the day . 80 . int . opera house - night napoleon enjoy a performance of " Don Giovanni . " a aide tiptoe into the box and hand he a note which read : " prussian ultimatum deliver to I today by haugwitz . War be now imminent . talleyrand . " napoleon quietly fold the note , put it away in he pocket . berthier lean over inquiringly . napoleon put he finger to he lip , redirect he attention to the stage , cross he arm and settles comfortably back into he seat . narrator Prussia would make the same strategic error that Austria make in the previous year , and she would over - confidently rush forward to meet the french alone , without wait for they Russian ally . in seven day of fight , the prussian army would be virtually destroy . ext . road - day Tsar Alexander , happy and confident , surround by aide , flag and military grandeur , on the march with he army . narrator unconvince by he defeat at austerlitz , commit by alliance to Prussia and concerned about he interest in Poland , Alexander would once again take the field against napoleon . ext . niemen river - day the color of France and Russia flutter , side by side , in the summer breeze , atop a large , ornately decorate raft , moor in mid-stream . it be a incredible sight , make of huge log and plank , beautifully carpete , drape with bunt , and with two small pavilion build on top , they roof and wall cover with drapery , flag and color silk . on the opposite bank be the mass formation and color of the french and Russian Imperial Guards . 81 . at a prearrange time , nervously check and recheck by pocket - watch , click open and close , the two emperor set off , in decorate long boat , to they rendezvous in mid - stream . as they proceed , a unintentional race between oarsman develop . napoleon disembark first and be thus able to welcome Tsar Alexander aboard . they embrace and , at this moment , a tumultuous roar of approval , the sound of fanfare , the beat of drum , issue forth from both bank of the river . it be a splendid and marvelously absurd scene . narrator but in June of the follow year , after the crush defeat at friedland , Alexander would be force to sue for peace again -- this time in person , and with some surprising result . alexander ah , my dear , napoleon , how good it be to meet you at last . napoleon and , what a great pleasure it be , indeed , to meet you , Alexander . alexander ( look around ) and , what a delightful idea ! napoleon ah -- you approve ? alexander I think it 's absolutely charming . napoleon I be glad you like it . alexander whatever suggest the idea to you ? napoleon ( with exaggerated secrecy ) I shall tell you in the strictest confidence -- when I be a boy , I have a passion for raft , and never have the opportunity to build one . 82 . they both laugh . the two emperor now introduce they staff . int . tilsit salon - day napoleon and Alexander , lean on they elbow , on a large map of the world , spread out on a table . narrator Alexander have come to treat as a fall enemy , but would find that to be defeat by napoleon seem equivalent to win a great victory . there would be not territorial demand , no reparation -- only a intoxicating proposal to divide the world between they . ext . forest - day napoleon and Alexander slowly walk through the beautiful gloom of the dark forest . they be thoughtful , relaxed , enjoy the splendor of the late afternoon . napoleon we have no rivalry , we have no vital issue at stake . we be only at war because you be the ally of England , and , in this , it seem to I , you be serve only the interest of England . Alexander do not immediately reply . alexander ( quietly and thoughtfully ) if you fight be against England , and against she alone , then we shall easily come to term -- for I have as much reason to complain as you have . England have bring I into conflict with false promise , and have leave I to face defeat single - hand . ext . forest and field - day the Tsar and napoleon riding together , they entourage and escort follow a few hundred yard behind . 83 . narrator napoleon and Alexander would spend two week together , see each other every day and share the entertainment of the evening . each have set out to charm and flatter the other , and each would succeed . they would talk of everything together , as two brother -- philosophy , woman , politics , war , science . int . theater - night the Tsar and napoleon seat together in a box at the theater . alexander ( v.o. ) my dear sister , God have save we . instead of have sacrifice to make , we be come out of this struggle with a kind of glory . but what do you think about this ? I spend whole day with bonaparte , and hour and hour in private conversation with he . I as you -- be not this like something from a dream ? ext . parade ground - day napoleon and Alexander review french troops . napoleon ( v.o . ) if Alexander be a woman , I think I should fall passionately in love with he . but , at the same time , there be something very peculiar about he -- something lack , but it be impossible to foresee precisely what will be lack in any give instance , for the defect seem infinitely variable . int . sauna bath - day Alexander and napoleon sit together , naked . 84 . napoleon you can always tell at a glance whether retreate infantry be be purse by cavalry , because they hurry along and keep turn around and look back . when they be retreate before infantry , they merely trudge along , head down . alexander fascinating ! tell I , leave aside the question of grand strategy , for the moment , what would you say be the single most difficult tactical skill to master ? napoleon without a doubt , to estimate the enemy 's strength on the battlefield . this be something that be only acquire by experience and instinct . at jena , there be as many opinion about strength of the enemy as there be general present . murat say there be 50,000 , prepare to attack . berthier say there be no more than 25,000 , about to withdraw . " berthier see only what be in the open , " murat say . " but do not forget there be a second force hide in the forest . " and so it would always go , each of they would judge thing accord to he own ability , character and state of mind , at the moment . alexander ah , my dear napoleon , sometimes I feel that I be not really a Emperor as you be . napoleon what do you mean ? alexander I know absolutely nothing of war -- and I be still totally dependent upon my general . napoleon laugh , reassuringly . 85 . napoleon that be a problem , and I can appreciate you feeling . but I be sure you have great talent for war , and I could teach you a lot . if we be ever at war again together , you should lead , say , 30,000 man , under my order -- you would soon get the feel of it . int . napoleon' bathroom - day napoleon soak in a steaming tub . talleyrand , constantly wiping he glass , balance on he lap a thick sheaf of draft note of the Treaty of tilsit , refer to they during the discussion . talleyrand article 46 , call for the virtual dismemberment of Prussia , reduce she population by half and she army to a token force . napoleon do she deserve anything better ? talleyrand that be extremely harsh term . napoleon I do not ask she to go to war against I . talleyrand have Alexander agree to this ? napoleon yes , he have . talleyrand look dismay and leaf through some more papers . talleyrand now , the section head " secret clause of the Treaty " -- article provide for Alexander to serve as mediator between France and England and , if he fail to achieve a preliminary agreement within four month , it further provide that Russia be to go to war against England , and close she port to English trade . 86 . napoleon that be correct . talleyrand do you think Alexander have any chance to succeed as a mediator ? napoleon I very seriously doubt it . I do not think there be any possibility of make peace with England so long as she see herself safe from invasion . that be why we must increase the pressure on she economy . with Russia in the Continental blockade , England must collapse . more than of she trade be with the continent and Russia . talleyrand England can make no move against you on the continent without Austria . a reliable treaty with Austria would end she hope in that regard . napoleon we have a treaty with Austria . talleyrand not one I should like to rely on . Francis be still smart under the term he have to accept after austerlitz , and he be under great pressure to recover he loss . napoleon my dear talleyrand , none of the king of Europe bear any friendship for France . it be easy for you to talk of reliable treaty . the only treaty you have be able to negotiate be the one I have win on the battlefield . talleyrand what I be talk about be moderation . napoleon what you be talk about be a gamble on moderation -- when I gamble , I prefer to gamble on force . 87 . talleyrand and where do you place Alexander ? napoleon Alexander and I be friend . we have reach a understanding . talleyrand I hope that understanding be worth as much as you think it be , sire . my impression of Alexander be that he be moody and impressionable , capable of act on sudden impulse which then lead to sudden embarrassment . he be a unpredictable mixture of idealism and vanity . you have dazzle he , and you have perform a diplomatic miracle , but Alexander be weak and he be easily influence by the last one who have he ear . napoleon that be a matter of opinion . talleyrand sire , you have only enemy in the court of St. Petersburg , and I fear outside you influence , Alexander will have another look at what he have agree to . napoleon he will stand by he agreement -- I know he better than you do . ext . niemen river - day napoleon and Alexander exchange fraternal embrace , on the bank of the niemen river . Music , cheer , mass troops , flag , cannon salute . napoleon ( embrace Alexander ) my dear Alexander , between we there must never be any third party . we must always deal directly with each other and never allow minister or advisor to muddy the water . 88 . fade out . fade in : title : the fall int . throne room tuileries - day present for the Imperial divorce be all the high officer of the Crown and the Empire , the bonaparte family , hortense , Eugene . josephine be seat next to napoleon , she eye downcast . napoleon the political interest of my monarchy , and the wish of my people , require that I should transmit to a heir , the throne , on which providence have place I . for many year , I have lose all hope of have child by my beloved wife , the Empress josephine . it be this consideration which induce I to sacrifice the dearest affection of my heart , to consult only the good of my subject , and to desire the dissolution of we marriage . josephine , hold a paper in she hand , try to read it but uncontrollable sob choke she voice . josephine with the permission of my august and dear husband , I must declare that , retain no hope of have child , who may satisfy the requirement of he policy in the interest of France , I have the pleasure of give he the great proof of attachment and devotedness that be ever give on earth ... she can not continue , and break down completely . Eugene and hortense comfort she . hortense be cry , too . but the bonaparte family watch the proceedings , unmove . they have never forgiven josephine . 89 . napoleon be pale and shake . he whisper to a official , regnault de Saint - Jean -d ' angely , who pick up josephine 's speech from the floor . he read the speech to the accompaniment of josephine 's tear . d'angely I respond to all the sentiment of the Emperor in consent to the dissolution of a marriage which be now a obstacle to the happiness of France , be deprive it of the bless of be , one day , govern by the descendant of that great man , who be evidently raise up by providence to efface the evil of a terrible revolution , and to restore the altar , the throne and social order . ext . malmaison garden - day napoleon and josephine walk , arm in arm . they entourage follow , a few hundred foot behind . narrator on the day after the divorce , napoleon drive to malmaison to visit with josephine , and this visit be to set a pattern for all that to come . they be always announce in advance , there be something ceremonious and constrain about they , and they always leave josephine in a state of deep depression . int . malmaison dine room - night the dining room at malmaison . josephine and hortense be at dinner . josephine be read a letter from napoleon , she food untouched . hortense be nervous and upset . josephine ( read from letter ) my dearest josephine -- I be heartsick at the sight of you yesterday . I , too , be sad today and need to know that you be more compose . this great palace echoe with emptiness and I feel terribly isolate . I be dinning all alone tonight . ( more ) 90 . josephine ( cont would ) the page I send to malmaison this morning tell I he see you weep . you promise I you would stop . I want very much to come to see you but you will have to show more self - control . josephine put the letter down . josephine ( vacantly ) sometimes I have the feel that I be dead , and that the only sign of life remain to I be the vague sensation that I no longer exist . int . tuileries ballroom - day napoleon be dance with murat . the only other person in the large ballroom be berthier . a trio of musician , place outside the close door , play a waltz . murat be teach napoleon how to waltz . he be a expert teacher , and napoleon be a reasonable pupil . berthier watch glumly . int . austrian embassy reception in paris - night duroc be doze in a arm-chair . he be awaken by the arrival of the austrian ambassador , schwarzenburg , who enter the room , cover with mud , he face smear with blood , and a deep cut behind he ear , trickle blood down on he collar . duroc good heaven , ambassador -- what have happen ? schwarzenburg ah , good evening , my dear duroc . I be afraid I have be out hunt and I have have a rather bad fall . duroc indeed you have , ambassador . have you send for a doctor ? gl . schwarzenburg yes , I have , and I hope you will forgive I , duroc , but unless you visit be extremely urgent , I shall have to ask you to excuse I until tomorrow . duroc I beg you indulgence , ambassador , but it be . schwarzenburg ( hold he face ) oh ? he take the ambassador by the elbow and speak softly so that they can not be overhear . duroc the Emperor have decide to marry you archduchess , marie-louise . schwarzenburg what be that ? duroc earlier this afternoon , the Emperor refuse the hand of the Grand duchess Anna , of Russia , and , as I be sure you can appreciate , he be quite able to change he mind again . for the Emperor , to choose a wife , be only a matter of minute . schwarzenburg but this be not a matter which can be settle tonight , surely ? duroc no one can say how the Emperor 's thought work , ambassador , and unless we move quickly , he might change he mind again . schwarzenburg but , my dear duroc , how can I act without guidance from Vienna ? I have not the slight idea of how the Emperor Francis might feel about this . 92 . duroc May I suggest that we can prepare and sign the agreement , between ourselves , subject to the approval of the two emperor . believe I , my dear friend , you archduchess , Marie -louis , may very well hold , in she hand , the future of we two country . int . throne room schonbrunn palace - day the proxy wedding of marie-louis and napoleon in Vienna . the archduke Charles stand in for the absent napoleon . francis ii I grant my daughter 's hand to the Emperor of the french . marie -louise I , with my father 's permission , give my consent to my union with the Emperor napoleon . berthier turn to marie-louise , present she with a letter from napoleon , and a portrait of he , in a medallion , surround by 12 extremely large diamond . int . imperial coach - rain - night marie-louise 's coach , and that of she entourage bounce along a road near compiegne , in a drive rain storm . napoleon 's sister , caroline , Queen of naple , review the protocol to be follow . Marie -louise look tired , confuse , slightly sick and anxious . caroline ( read ) on arrive , the Empress Marie - Louise will ascend the step on the north side , and the Emperor napoleon will use that on the south side . the monarch will arrive at the middle simultaneously . upon perceive the Emperor , the Empress will kneel and bow she head , and the Emperor will raise and embrace she . 93 . suddenly , there be a bang on the windowpane , and the woman shriek . the door open , and a man , on horseback , jump in . marie-louis be seize , passionately embrace and drench , by a rain -soak cloak . shriek and laughter . napoleon ( laugh ) good evening , lady . you must forgive I , my dearest wife , but I simply could not wait to see you . marie -louise oh , then you be ... napoleon ( laugh ) yes , my dearest Marie -louise , I be you husband . they both laugh . napoleon look at she , admiringly , and take she hand . napoleon my dear , sweet marie-louis , you be even more beautiful than you portrait . Marie -louise giggle and lower she eye . marie -louise and , where do you see my portrait ? napoleon ah , you must forgive I , my dearest Marie -louise , I see it during one of my stay at you palace -- at schonbrunn . they both laugh . laughter . napoleon ( jokingly ) I hope you will forgive I for any inconvenience I may have cause you , and you family , in the past . napoleon and , you , my dear wife , do you find that I resemble my portrait ? 94 . marie -louise you be much young , and much more handsome , than you picture . she giggle . napoleon ( laugh ) good ! good ! then we be both pleased with each other . how fortunate we be -- eh ? how fortunate we be ! int . compiegne bedroom - night napoleon and Marie - Louise in bed , the marriage be about to be consummate . her cloistered upbringing have not prepare she very well for this moment . each time napoleon be about to take she in he arm , she speak . marie -louise do you like music ? napoleon ( gently ) yes , I do -- very much . marie -louise will I be able to play the harp ? it be a instrument of which I be very fond . napoleon of course , my dear . marie -louise you be so good to I . will you also allow I to have a botanical garden ? napoleon you may have anything you wish , my sweet and lovely marie-louise . marie -louise I be tell that fontainebleau have many lovely view . I know nothing more interesting than a lovely countryside . napoleon I be sure you will enjoy the french countryside . 95 . marie-louise I hope you have patience with I . I do not know how to dance the quadrille but , if you desire it , I will learn . napoleon I only desire what give you pleasure , my dearest . marie -louise will it be possible to have my dog , bijou , send here ? I be not allow to bring she and I love she so much . napoleon of course , my dear -- how cruel to have be separate from she . and how strange it must be for you to be here , away from you family and everything you know . marie -louise oh , no , I be very happy . but you must have patience with I ... I know nothing at all of what a wife must know . and I know nothing about man . my papa have never allow I even to have a pet of the male gender . napoleon do the Emperor or Empress give you any ... instruction of any kind ... before you leave ? marie -louise papa say only to comply with any request you might make of I . napoleon oh , my dearest child -- you must not worry about anything . I will teach you everything that you must know . napoleon sit up in bed . napoleon ( cheerfully ) do you know the joke about the two swiss boy who go to a bordello for the first time ? 96 . marie -louise ( giggle ) no . napoleon well , two nice little swiss boy , who be virgin , decide they will save up they money and go to a bordello . Marie - Louise giggle . napoleon at the door , one of they lose he nerve and decide to wait in the street while he more adventuresome friend go inside . Fifteen minute later he friend come out . napoleon do the dialogue with a heavy swiss accent . napoleon " well , what be it like ? " the timid one ask . " oh , " he friend nonchalantly reply , " the movement be ridiculously simple , but the feel be wonderful ! " marie-louise shriek with laughter which persist until tear run down she cheek . napoleon gently take she into he arm . marie -louise ( tremble ) blow out the candle , please . he do . the screen be black . we hear some heavy breathe , then marie-louise , giggle -- then , theme and variation of she giggle . ext . tuileries balcony - day napoleon hold up he son , the infant King of Rome , to the cheer multitude below . stand beside he be Marie - Louise , he mother and entourage . ext . malmaison zoo - day josephine be show the year - old , King of Rome , the small malmaison zoo . she carry he in she arm . 97 . Madame de montesquiou , a kind woman , the child 's governess , walk along with they . josephine ( wistfully ) ah , my dear Madame de montesquiou , you have no idea what happiness it bring I to see this child , at last . I be tell the very idea of such a visit would too much distress the Empress . montesquiou I be delighted to be of service to you again , you highness . and I can tell you , my instruction come directly from the Emperor , with a caution to be discreet . josephine oh ... I see . I understand . how be ... the Emperor ? montesquiou I rarely see he , you highness , but I believe he be in excellent health , and he be very happy with the child . josephine ah , that be good . montesquiou and , you seem in excellent health , you highness . josephine ah , well , my dear Madame de montesquiou , peace of mind can eventually be a substitute for happiness . suddenly , the little boy begin make happy noise about one of the animal , and josephine hug he . her eye fill with tear . josephine my dear sweet child , one day , perhaps you will know the sacrifice I have make for you , and I leave it to you governess to make you aware of it . 98 . ext . tuileries garden - day Imperial Guard sergeant proudly carry the King of Rome . napoleon and marie-louise be seat on a park bench nearby . marie -louise ( v.o . ) my adorable papa , I can announce to you that you prophesy have be realize . I be as happy as possible . my husband love I profoundly and I return he affection . I feel sure that I shall live happily with he . I assure you , my dear papa , that the Emperor be as careful of my health as you would be . ext . tuileries garden - day King of Rome , now 1 1 / 2 year - old , riding in a magnificently decorate cart , pull by two lamb , supervise by napoleon , marie-louise , duroc and murat . int . tuileries nursery - day the King of Rome be asleep , hold onto one of napoleon 's finger . letizia look lovingly at she son and grandson . magnificent toy be scattered about the room . title : defeat ext . narrow russian road - day a narrow , sandy track . a french courier , Major fidon , in a heavy barouche , be make slow progress . immediately behind he be a Russian light kibitka , which have , for some time , be unsuccessfully try to pass he . the driver of the Russian vehicle be impatiently ringing a bell and cursing . major fidon ( tap on the window ) stop the carriage ! the french driver bring the horse to a sudden halt , almost cause a collision from the rear . the french courier storm out and hurry to the Russian carriage . ignoring the driver , he unceremoniously open the door and address a very distinguished look Russian gentleman seat inside . 99 . major fidon ( bristle with anger ) good day , monsieur . do you think it be possible for you to tell you driver to stop ringing that bell ? russian gentleman my regret , my dear Major , but I believe you have be block the road . major fidon be you try to provoke I , monsieur ? russian gentleman no , Major , I merely wish to state that you vehicle appear to be somewhat slower and heavier than mine , and point out that , if you would be kind enough to pull over to one side of the road , I could pass you and be on my way . major fidon May I inform you , monsieur , that I be Major fidon , official courier to the court of the Emperor napoleon , on my way to we embassy at St. Petersburg and , in accordance with the rule of the road , no one may overtake or pass I . russian gentleman before you quote the rule of the road to I , Major , may I point out to you that you be not in France now , but that you be a guest in Russia . major fidon if I have give you any cause to be insulted , monsieur , may I offer you immediate satisfaction ? russian gentleman ( pull he door close ) if you wish to put thing on that basis , then I will say good day to you , monsieur . the french officer glare at he and walk back to he carriage . he get back inside and drive off , still block the road . 100 . suddenly , the road widen and it become possible for the Russian to pass . the driver seize the opportunity and easily pass the french barouche . major fidon ( shouting ) insolent bastard ! insolent bastard ! in a fury , the french courier pull out he pistol , lean out of the window and fire several poorly - aim shot at the rapidly diminish vehicle . narrator by 1810 , relation between France and Russia be wear thin . the term Russia have agree to at tilsit , three year earlier , be prove to be unrealistic and ruinous to she . int . kremlin office - night Tsar Alexander and caulaincourt . Alexander be slightly drunk . alexander it be a thing entirely unknown in diplomacy , that one government should assume a right to dictate to another , who be upon term of equality , the condition on which she should conduct she commerce ; and , assume such a right , second it by threaten language , in case of non-compliance . caulaincourt but , you majesty , the very substance of the tilsit treaty be that you should join the Continental blockade , boycott English goods , suspend all commercial dealing with she , and be France 's ally . nothing more be be ask than to comply with the treaty . alexander my dear caulaincourt , agreement can endure only when they allow both side to live . ( more ) 101 . alexander ( cont would ) napoleon may believe it be necessary to injure England but , before that , he must realize it be necessary for he to allow he friend to live . he can not expect I to tell my noble they must ruin themselves so that he can bring England to she knee -- and I be afraid that be what it have come to . caulaincourt I can appreciate what you majesty be say but the Emperor have stake everything on this policy . he have no other way to attack England , and no one know more than you majesty how he overture for peace have be reject . alexander it 's a fine thing to establish policy but , when they do not work , they must be reconsider . grant that you have hurt England , but she be still on she foot . and to seal off she trade with Europe , what have it cost you ? you have have to rule with a iron hand . you have turn friend into enemy . and even at that , the result have only be partly effective . you have never be able to stop the extensive cheating , smuggle and corruption - - even of you own official . but I should think the situation in Spain , alone , would give you policy a minus balance . you have have to commit a quarter of a million of you best troops against the guerrilla , with no victory in sight . and you have give England a dangerous foothold on the continent , for she army . caulaincourt I be in no position to debate this with you , you majesty , but can you imagine what a blow it will be to the Emperor if you should now desert he cause ? it would mean nothing less than victory for England . alexander my dear caulaincourt , you have no idea of how compromise my own position have become since tilsit . I be blame by the army for the military disaster at austerlitz and friedland , by the nobility for ruin they trade with England , by the merchant who must accept french food at unprofitable price , and by the nation for allow napoleon to dictate Russian policy . Alexander come up to caulaincourt and take he arm . speak slowly and factually . alexander caulaincourt , my father be strangle in he bed by he own Palace Guard . can you blame I for not wishing to meet the same end ? caulaincourt be at a loss for a reply . caulaincourt you majesty know my affection for he be deep and genuine , and go far beyond my official role as ambassador . but I would be remiss in my feeling for you , and in my responsibility to the Emperor , if I do not say that it be entirely possible that the Emperor will view you refutation of the term of the Treaty of tilsit , as the first step in the exchange of a french alliance for a English one -- with all the danger that might entail . alexander ( after a long pause ) I have give a great deal of think to that possibility , and I be prepare to face it . if it should come to war , and I presume that be what you be allude to , I would rather have war with the Emperor than my own people . 102 . he 103 . int . napoleon' office tuileries - day napoleon ( pleasantly ) monsieur barbier , I would like to have all the book , that be best worth consulting , on the topography of Russia , and especially of lithuania , with special attention to the river , forest , road , marsh and so forth . I would also like to have the most detailed account there be of Charles xii 's campaign in Poland and Russia . int . napoleon' office - night Maps and book be everywhere . napoleon be on he hand and knee , creep around on a huge map of Russia . narrator the seed of the Russian campaign of be plant at tilsit , in and begin to bear fruit in when Alexander reopen he port to british goods and impose high tariff on french import . from then on , the situation between France and Russia steadily begin to deteriorate -- friction grow , accusation be exchange , spasmodic negotiation be attempt , tension increase and extensive military preparation be carry out by both side . ext . dresden STREET - day crowd . honor Guard . Imperial carriage . napoleon and marie-louise greet Francis of Austria , frederich wilhelm of Prussia , and the other king . narrator napoleon have make up he mind that a showdown with Russia be inevitable . dresden be appoint as a mutual rendezvous for all the king , prince , duke and dependent royalty of every description , who be subordinate to napoleon , or who hope for good or evil at he hand . ( more ) 104 . narrator ( cont would ) and it be here , on May 16 , where for the last time he would appear as King of king . Emperor Francis of Austria and he wife , Maria ludovica , embrace the Imperial couple . napoleon ( embrace Francis ) since my marriage , some people have say the lion have be sleep -- they will now see whether he have be sleep . good-nature laughter . narrator the Emperor of Austria , with he Empress , have come to honor he mighty son- in - law . but he have already write to Alexander that the Treaty just sign with France should not , he hope , prevent Russia and Austria from continue they secret understanding , relative to they common political view . King frederich wilhelm embrace they . narrator the King of Prussia also come to pay he respects . he have already write to Alexander , excuse himself for have yield to irresistible force and fatality . " if war break out , we shall harm each other only as much as be strictly necessary , remember constantly that we be one , that we must one day be ally again . " int . dresden palatial room - day napoleon and the monarch be seat at a large table . napoleon never be the success of a expedition more certain . I see on all side nothing but probability in my favor . ( more ) 105 . napoleon ( cont would ) for the first time , I advance at the head of the combine force of France , Austria , Italy , Germany , the confederation of the rhine , and Poland . he smile at each ruler as they country be mention . emperor francis let we hope that just the sight of we preparation will cause Alexander to yield . napoleon that be my fervent hope . I love Alexander , as a brother , and wish he no harm . frederich wilhelm if war should come , Alexander have swear he will not make peace under any condition , however many battle he may lose , use the size of he country , the poverty of the soil and the rigor of the climate , to wear you down . napoleon I know he have say that , and I be sure that he would like to believe it 's true . but Russia be a semi- asiatic nation which cannot field a army as large as you own , and have no literature or music to speak of . it be a barbarian nation , and barbarian be superstitious and have simple idea . a single blow deliver at the heart of the Russian Empire , at Moscow the great , Moscow the Holy , will , ina single instant , put this whole blind apathetic mass into despair . napoleon pause , thoughtfully . napoleon I know Alexander . his imagination must be strike by some great , bold , powerful stroke , and he will come back to I , just as he do at friedland . 106 . ext . bank of vistula river - day narrator with he army of 400,000 man in conceal bivouacs , on a ten mile front , in the forest , border the bank of the vistula river , napoleon conduct a last minute personal reconnaissance , disguise in the uniform of a Polish lancer . napoleon ride along the river bank , accompany by berthier , murat , duroc , bessiere and davout , all similarly disguise . the opposite bank of the river be silent and desert . the only sound to be hear be that of the river and of bird sing . suddenly , napoleon 's horse stumble and fall . napoleon be stunne and help to he foot by he concerned entourage . napoleon ( smile ) well , this be a ill-omen , indeed . caesar would probably turn back . there be uneasy laughter . ext . flat russian countryside - day impressive shot of the Grand Army on the march . maximum number . narrator the campaign of 1812 be the first time in which napoleon have a mark superiority of number , but in accumulate such a mass of uneven quality , he would defeat he object , which be to bring about another austerlitz or friedland . ext . flat russian countryside - day Russian army retreate in good order . 107 . narrator the disparity of number leave the Russians no option but to avoid battle and repeatedly disengage , however much political pressure develop for they to stand and fight . ext . russian village - day Russian rear guard cavalry set light to the desert house . narrator Alexander give order that he retire army should blow up bridge behind they , destroy the city and village , remove all the necessity of life , and leave behind they , nothing but a desert waste . ext . hill - day narrator although the Russians refuse any major encounter , there be fierce fight between the french advance guard and the Russian rear guard . conceal in some tree , the Russian rear guard cavalry occupy a height , above a village occupy by the french advance guard infantry . fifty french grenadier , part of the advance guard , ascend the hill , unaware of the enemy cavalry wait for they . when the french infantry be half way up the hill , the Russian cuirassier and cossack gallop down the hill and surround the grenadier , who immediately form into a square . it be no contest . 200 cavalry against 50 infantry , with no help in sight . the Russian officer commanding the cavalry ride up to they , demand they surrender . the officer , in command of the french , answer by kill he with a pistol shot . upon this , the Russian cavalry , inexplicably , leave the field , allow the french to withdraw . animated map show progress of the Grand Army 's march through Russia during the summer of 1812 . narration to explain situation . narrator the Tsar 's scorched earth strategy be in line with the view of some of the more enlighten Russian strategist , but the army and the people be full of reckless confidence and impatience for battle , and the long retreat to Moscow fill they with bitterness and a sense of feebleness and incompetence at the top . int . rostopchine salon - night narrator as napoleon approach Moscow , the court of St. Petersburg be in despair , and the Tsar , he resolve shake , be ready to sue for peace . now , the intervention of one man , Count feodor vasilievitch rostopchin , the Governor of Moscow , would have a decisive effect on the course of history . 108 . rostopchin be a steady man , a good husband and father -- a man of gentle and attractive manners , with a superior and cultivate mind . present be the head of the secret police , and eleven senior Moscow official . the door be lock , the shade be down and the man speak in low voice . rostopchin my friend , I have it now on excellent authority that the french will enter Moscow within a few day . kutusov still swear he will fight to the death , but I have learn , on excellent authority , he have plan to surrender the city without a struggle . we empire be almost overthrown . the court of St. Petersburg tremble , and will begin peace negotiation as soon as napoleon enter the kremlin . one can only imagine what will be lose . ( more ) 109 . rostopchin ( cont would ) my friend , we be live in a time when man of conviction must be prepare to influence the nation even without the approval of they sovereign . they must dare to evaluate the public and private interest which they may be call upon a sacrifice . he look around the group . rostopchin the flame of we beloved Moscow will erect a barrier of fire between the Tsar and all weakness , and they will rob from napoleon the end and the aim of he campaign . pause . rostopchin be there anyone who wish to withdraw ? silence . rostopchin very well -- there be a great deal to be organize . ext . hill overlooking moscow - day napoleon stand on the summit of sparrow Hill , look at the glitter dome and minaret of Moscow , in the distance . Moscow be lordly and strike , with the steeples of its 30 church , and its copper dome glitter in the sun ; its palace of eastern architecture mingle with tree and surround with garden ; and its kremlin , a huge triangular mass of tower , something between a palace and a castle . but not a chimney send up smoke , not a man appear on the battlement or at the gate . all be silence . his marshal be gather around he . napoleon it be all very well for Alexander to do more damage to he country than I could possibly do , but he could not destroy Moscow . this be the prize that will end the war . you will see , we will have peace offering from he within a few day . 110 . ext . moscow STREET - day a french cavalry patrol find Moscow a ghost - town , desert , lifeless , a city of the dead , except for the eerie echo of they horse ' hoof . behind they , a column of a 100 infantry march , lead by a drummer and a drum-major . suddenly , a wild - look man , with long grey hair down to he shoulder , and a thick white beard , armed with a pitchfork , rush out of a alley and into the path of the troops . he be such a incredible sight , the man laugh at he . drum-major hello , grandfather . be you the only welcome we shall have today ? more laughter . the old man suddenly attack the drum-major with the pitchfork , which the unfortunate man take full in the belly , let out a horrible scream . several soldier rush up to the old man and drag he off . a officer shout to bayonet he . a soldier stab at he but find he bayonet will not penetrate the man 's thick sheepskin coat . several other have the same result . the officer ride up and , without further ado , shoot he with he pistol , accidentally wound a french soldier in the hand . int . kremlin bedroom - night napoleon be sleep heavily . duroc and caulaincourt stand over he , gently try to wake he . napoleon what do you want ? napoleon immediately become aware of the strange light in the room , leap out of bed and rush to the window . the entire city seem to be in flame . napoleon my God ...! what time be it ? 111 . duroc four o'clock . napoleon my God , what a fire ! they stand in silence . napoleon when do it start ? duroc the first report come in at about ten . napoleon why do not you wake I then ? duroc at first , it hardly seem more than a routine fire . napoleon how do it spread so quickly ? duroc it be the work of incendiary . napoleon I tell mortier that he would answer with he life for any looting . duroc we troops have no part in this . it have be start by the Russians ! napoleon impossible , I do not believe it . duroc we have already capture a dozen incendiary , convict , release just two day ago . they say they be act under order of the secret police . napoleon but to start a fire like this in five hour -- how be it possible ? it would take a carefully organize plan , ton of combustible and hundred of people . 112 . duroc from what we can tell , there be hundred of agent , all over the city . the combustible seem to have be carefully place beforehand , and all the fire - engine have be remove from the city . napoleon my God -- this could be very bad for we ... very bad , indeed . ext . moscow STREET - night fire be start by wild - look man and woman in rag , wander about in the flame . a official of the secret police give order and carefully write something in a notebook . ext . moscow STREET - night Three Russians , one of whom be armed with a lance , the second with a sword , the third a light torch , be set fire to a house . a party of 5 , unarm , french soldier , drag a cart contain loot , surprise they . the Russian with the lance put himself in a position of defense . the other simply ignore the french and continue about they work . one of the frenchmen grab a long pole from a smolder carriage , use it as a quarterstaff , and attack the man armed with the lance ; he quickly break both he leg and the Russian fall with a terrible cry of pain . the frenchman strike he on the head kill he . the other two Russians run away . ext . moscow STREET - day some french soldier make jam fritter in the smolder ruin of a bakery while the fire rage at the other end of the street , and furniture , slide down from collapse floor , crash to the pavement . 113 . int . bedroom ST . petersburg palace - night Alexander be in bed with a heavy cold , and in a foul mood . general kutusov I hope you will forgive I , you majesty , for request a audience at such a late hour , but I have travel all the way from Moscow to see you , on a matter which can not wait . alexander very well , General , what be it you wish to say ? general kutusov you majesty , I have be advise that you have receive a letter from napoleon , offer a peace treaty , and that you have decide to accept it . alexander I have decide to accept the principle of a negotiation ; the term be not establish . general kutusov if I may , you majesty , I would like to offer a dissent opinion . alexander General kutusov , feel free to say whatever you like . general kutusov I believe I be right in say that , before the fire , the country have grow weary of the war , and there be few who be interested in continue the battle . alexander proceed . general kutusov but , since the fire , a completely new spirit have be arouse in the nation . the french have become a army of criminal , against whom Russia must be avenge , against whom she be now prepare to fight to the death . 114 . alexander you know , General kutusov , there be a very strong possibility that the fire be not start by napoleon 's troops but be organize under the order of rostopchin 's secret police . general kutusov I have hear that story but I do not believe it . alexander rostopchin be a fanatic and he be capable of anything -- however , it do not affect what we be talk about . please go on . general kutusov the point I be try to make be that I think it be reasonable to say that you majesty would not find himself under unbearable pressure , if he decide to make peace with the Emperor , at least at this time . alexander for the sake of you argument , let we say that be correct . general kutusov well , have you majesty consider what napoleon 's alternative might be , if you simply choose to ignore he note ? alexander yes , General kutusov , I daresay that this have be consider and discuss at great length . napoleon would simply spend the winter in Moscow and continue the campaign in the spring . another lesser possibility might be to march on St. Petersburg now , although there be some doubt that he have the strength to do this , until he refit he army . pause . 115 . general kutusov you have my absolute assurance , you majesty , that napoleon do not have the strength to attack St. Petersburg now -- he army be exhaust and ill-supply , and he would be defeat if he attempt that . alexander I will accept you assurance , but I be afraid I do not see you point . general kutusov forgive I , you majesty , I be about to make it . alexander ah , yes -- proceed . general kutusov the point be that I do not think napoleon will sit in Moscow until the spring ! I do not think he can afford to . general kutusov it would be a sensible decision if he be merely commander of the army , but he be also the Emperor of France . can he afford to stay away from Paris for what will amount to a year by the time he commence he campaign again in the spring ? and , even if he might consider this , he line of communication be over - stretch and vulnerable -- they can be easily cut by we cossack . will he then be willing to remain , completely out of touch with Paris - - for a year ? the french be like woman . you can not stay away from they for too long . the Tsar sneeze and blow he nose . alexander well , that be a very interesting idea , General kutusov , but I can assure you that napoleon be no beginner at this . ( more ) 116 . alexander ( cont would ) whatever analysis you have do on this situation , I be sure that he have go over the same ground . general kutusov I have no doubt that he have , you majesty , but do he have any strong move from which to choose ? alexander well , one thing immediately come to mind , if what you be say be true -- he would merely withdraw he army from Moscow and return to Poland for the winter . general kutusov you majesty have grasp the outline of he problem in much less time than it take I . this be a crucial point -- and it isa political one , which you majesty will be in a far better position to answer than i. can napoleon afford to abandon Moscow without signing even the preliminary of a peace treaty with you ? alexander I must confess he would look a bit silly , fight he way to Moscow and turn right around again . general kutusov perhaps it would be even more serious than that , you majesty . his european confederation be hold together by some very slender thread . you majesty know even better than I that Austria and Prussia be very doubtful ally , and the Emperor have reason enough to fear that they will turn on he , at the first sign of weakness . alexander proceed . general kutusov if I can presume to go into the Emperor 's mind , I believe that he have base he entire campaign strategy on obtain a peace treaty after the fall of Moscow . ( more ) 117 . general kutusov ( cont would ) when Vienna fall , there be a peace treaty . when Berlin fall , another treaty . that have always be the rule of the game . but what be he to do now if no treaty be forth - come ? he know that beyond Moscow , there be nothing , and that , if he withdraw , there remain only a fall into emptiness . Alexander be thoughtful . pause . alexander what do you think napoleon will do ? general kutusov I , personally , be convinced that he will withdraw he army from Moscow , and attempt to establish himself in Poland for the winter . in the end , he will not allow himself to be cut off from Paris . but I believe that if he be offer any encouragement , by you majesty , he will postpone this decision as long as possible . he be a gambler and he will trust to he luck . general kutusov if he withdraw he army in good order , it will be a serious political defeat . but , if he should be catch on the move , with he army , in the full grip of winter , then it will be a catastrophe . if you majesty can prolong he hope for a treaty by silence , be deceit , by any mean , for another month , thus postpone he departure , then the grave of he army be already dig in the soil of Russia . alexander General kutusov , I would like to call a meeting of my cabinet tomorrow morning and have you present this idea to they . I think it have merit and be worthy of consideration . 118 . general kutusov I be at you disposal , you majesty . ext . kremlin balcony - day it be a fine , fall day . napoleon and a small entourage be have lunch outside on a balcony overlook Moscow . narrator Day after day of fine autumn weather be allow to slip away , while napoleon wait for the word from Alexander which would never come . the weather be so fine and the temperature so mild that it seem as if even the season be conspire to deceive napoleon . ext . field - day murat and he staff be exchange gift with the cossack officer and soldier , who treat murat with great respect . drink , food and song : the mood be one of expansive warmth , in the manner the Russians so easily generate . narrator his troops fraternize with the enemy and report they demoralize , and tired of war . ext . kremlin courtyard - day the mail carriage be unload in the kremlin courtyard . twelve large trunk with Imperial marking be carry inside . narrator trunks , bear dispatch and mail , arrive regularly every day from Paris . it seem as easy to travel from Paris to Moscow as from Paris to marseille . int . kremlin salon - night a small theatrical performance for napoleon and he inner circle , perform in a kremlin room , by a troupe of french artist who be in Moscow at the time of the occupation . they be play a farce to polite laughter and applause . 119 . narrator thus , lull by event , and by reality he could not face , napoleon seem to fall into a dream in Moscow , and , amid the dreadful storm of man and element gather around he , he spend he time discuss the merit of some new verse which he have receive , or the regulation for the comedie francaise in Paris which take he three evening to prepare . int . napoleon' kremlin bedroom - day napoleon , alone in he room in the kremlin . vacant , immobile , heavy . narrator napoleon be extremely superstitious and retain a mystical belief in he partnership with fate , a sense that he could only do so much , and that event must somehow complete the decision . and , so it would be in Moscow , where , without confidence and full of apprehension , he would cheerlessly pursue he destiny , unaware that fortune , which have so often smile upon he , have now abandon he cause just when he require miracle of she . ext . road - snow - day the Russian advance guard cavalry move through the debris of the retreat scattered along the side of the road -- dead man and horse , overturn wagon contain the booty take from Moscow , gold candlestick , porcelain vase , painting , beautifully bound book , silverware , priceless furniture . narrator it be not until October 20 , that napoleon withdraw the Grand Army from Moscow , to begin they thousand mile march into oblivion . ext . snow - day napoleon on foot with he army . 120 . narrator he have wait too long . but the execution of he army would not be principally cause by cold or battle , but be starvation . ext . russian village - snow french forager load cart , protect by a hundred cavalry . thirty cossack horseman watch from some wood , a few hundred yard away . narrator in order to feed the army in the barren and ravage wasteland through which it have to march , it be necessary to send large forage party deep into the surround countryside , protect by strong escort of french cavalry , against the cloud of cossack which flanke and follow the march . ext . snow - day a french trooper soothes and stroke he die horse , give he a bit of sugar , then shoot he . the shot draw attention of some rag soldier , who rush up for a meal and be keep at bay by the trooper 's pistol . narrator but , by November 5 , the temperature be down to 30 - degree of frost , and french horse be dead . they be not breed to endure such cold and , not be properly shod for ice , have no chance to survive in this condition . ext . snow - day the starve army stumble along . hundred of cossack flank the march , out of musket range , several hundred yard off the road . ext . road 121. narrator the cavalry be now on foot and it be a simple matter for the horde of cossack cavalry to confine the retreate french to they single road , thus transform the finest army the world have ever see into a starve , feverish mob , without purpose . General famine and General Winter , rather than Russian bullet , would conquer the french . - snow - day a french soldier , picart , struggle along with a dog tie to he back . his friend , didier , come up to he . didier hello there , picart . picart ah , didier -- you be alive . didier why be you carry the dog ? picart his paw be freeze and he can not walk . didier when you eat he , may I have some ? picart my God -- do not you recognize mouton -- we regimental dog ? I would rather eat cossack . didier look disappointed . ext . frozen field - day a dozen french soldier around a small fire , cooking bit of horse - flesh , and a saucepan full of blood , while four or five other fire at a small party of cossack , keep they at a distance . the man who be cooking be utterly unconcern with the fight . 122. ext . russian village - night a posting house be cramme full of officer and man and horse . outside , other be bang on lock door , try to get in , but they be refuse , virtually condemn they to death during the sub-zero night . a man on the roof , try to pull off a plank , draw shot from the inside . suddenly , a fire break out inside and , because of the horse and the way that the door be nail up , it become a instant disaster . no one can get out . the freezing man on the outside make a feeble effort to open the door but they have be effectively barricade from the inside . the noise and the flame attract other man who have be huddle in the open and , since they can do nothing , they crowd as close as they can to the flame to warm themselves , or cook bit of horse - flesh on the point of they sword . title : invasion of FRANCE int . tuileries - day the Christmas tree be still up . toy . napoleon , on he hand and knee , play with he son . Marie - Louise watch happily . a aide enter and whisper something , cause napoleon to get to he foot and excuse himself . narrator on January 1st , 1814 , France itself be invade . now , with a small army of raw recruit , napoleon would have to face the powerful combination of England , Russia , Prussia and Austria , operate against he together , for the first time . the balance of number have tilt irretrievably against he . napoleon ( v.o. ) a year ago , the whole of Europe be march alongside of we . today , the whole of Europe be march against we . 123 . ext . french road - day Tsar Alexander on the move with he army . ext . french road - day french refugee , they belonging on cart . a few mile to the rear , the smoke of a burn village . ext . french village - night anxious french townspeople gather around a courier read war dispatch . ext . french CITY - day deserter be arrest . int . napoleon' office tuileries - day napoleon spend he last afternoon burn private papers and play with he 3 - year old son . ext . tuileries - day napoleon kiss marie-louise and son for the last time . he will never see they again . carriage and escort wait . ext . french road - day napoleon , at the head of he army , march through the wintry countryside to meet the invade ally army . narrator all around he , the sand be give way , but napoleon strike back with a brilliance which cause Wellington , much later on , to remark : " the study of the campaign have give I a great idea of he genius than any other . " for two month , napoleon 's small army would bedevil the jittery and uncoordinate ally army by rapid march and surprise attack on they flank and rear . 124 . int . salon - day the negotiator ' meeting at Chatillon . narrator during much of the fight , a peace conference take place at Chatillon , where both side insincerely raise and lower they term with the ebb and flow of the fight . ext . field hq - night napoleon asleep in he chair near a fire . the table in front of he be cover with map , papers . his marshal and general stand at a respectful distance . animated map illuminate and illustrate the narration . narrator but despite the brilliance of he tactic , napoleon 's number dwindle and , in desperation , he make a dare and imaginative decision to move eastward , place himself in the rear of the ally army . this would cut they long line of communication but , at the same time , leave open the road to Paris . napoleon count on Joseph fulfil he order for the defense of the city , so that , if the ally take the bait and march on Paris , it would offer napoleon a opportunity for a decisive victory . int . tsar hq - night Alexander read the letter from talleyrand . narrator but on March 10th , the Tsar receive a note from talleyrand , revealing the total lack of military preparation in Paris . 125 . ext . forest - day Russian cavalry patrol capture french courier on snowy , forest road . narrator on March 23rd , ally patrol capture a courier carry a letter from napoleon to Marie - Louise in which he rashly reveal he plan . animated map situation map show Paris , ally , napoleon , strung out in that order , and cover the narration . narrator although Alexander realize it be essential for Paris to surrender within 24 hour , to avoid the ally be trap between the wall of Paris and napoleon 's force which might attack he rear , he choose to gamble , persuade he general to ignore napoleon and march on Paris . this crucial decision would bring down napoleon 's empire . ext . road - day a snowy road near fontainebleau -- french troops retreate . napoleon 's carriage and escort gallop through the troops to the head of the column and stop . napoleon climb out and confront General belliard . napoleon well , belliard , what 's this ? what be you do here ? where be the enemy ? belliard they be at the gate of Paris , sire . napoleon and where be the army ? belliard it be on this road , sire , follow I . 126 . napoleon and who be defend Paris ? belliard Paris be evacuate , sire . the enemy be to enter at nine o'clock tomorrow morning . the National Guard be on duty at the gate . napoleon Paris have surrender ?! I do not believe it . belliard unhappily , it be true , sire . napoleon but where be my wife and son ? what 's become of they ? where be marmont ? where be mortier ? belliard the Empress , you son and the whole court leave two day ago for rambouillet . marshal mortier and marmont be probably still in Paris , complete the arrangement . napoleon start walk rapidly down the road , in the direction of Paris . the party of senior officer scurry after he . napoleon well , you have hear what belliard say , gentleman -- come , I be go to Paris . caulaincourt , have my carriage bring up . come , come , belliard , turn you man around . caulaincourt but , you majesty , we cannot go to Paris now . there be no troops leave there . napoleon no troops ? the National Guard be still there -- they will follow I . thing may yet be put right . belliard but , sire , you majesty would lay Paris open to be sack . the enemy be outside the gate with more than 120,000 man . ( more ) 127 . belliard ( cont would ) besides this , I leave the city under the term of a treaty and I be forbidden to reenter Paris . napoleon a treaty ? do not be ridiculous . what treaty be this ? who make it ? who have be give order ? belliard I do not know the detail of the treaty , sire , marshal mortier send I word of its have be agree to , and he say that I be to take the army and make for fontainebleau . napoleon but who make this treaty ? belliard I believe it be arrange by marshal mortier and marmont . I must explain to you that we have have no order all day . each marshal have be keep he own position . napoleon who send my wife and son out of Paris ? belliard I do not know , sire . napoleon and where be Joseph ? belliard I do not know what have happen to Prince Joseph . napoleon what cowardice ! what treason ! Joseph have ruin everything . how could they all lose they head . they know I be come up fast . Victory be just within grasp . come , come , turn you troops around , General belliard . caulaincourt but , sire , we must not risk turn Paris into another Moscow . 128 . napoleon there seem little enough danger of that . come ! come ! my carriage ! the troops ! another column of troops , withdraw from Paris , come into sight . suddenly , napoleon stop , sit down by the side of the road , and hold he head . narrator in defeat , napoleon would be punish by the king of Europe , accord to a standard which they would not have apply to each other . he might marry the niece of Marie antoinette , and call himself a Emperor , but that do not make he one . title : elba ext . elba MAIN STREET - day in a comic opera parody of former grandeur , napoleon march in a pathetic procession , lead by the governor , the prefect and other city official , cheer by the local population . a band of twenty fiddler -- no brass , no percussion , march along play the elban national anthem . a few hundred of he guard bring up the rear . narrator the treaty of fontainebleau of April 1814 , sign by the ally and napoleon , in return for he abdication from the throne of France , give he the token sovereignty of the tiny island of elba , with the title of Emperor , a yearly income of 2 million francs , a army of 700 , and a navy of 3 ship . but in ten month time , even this tiny stake would be sufficient capital to bring this most reckless of all gambler back into the game for a final , breathtaking spin of the wheel . 129 . ext . malmaison garden - night a glitter garden party at malmaison . josephine and Tsar Alexander . present be : frederich wilhelm of Prussia , Francis ii of Austria , the king of bavaria . Alexander and josephine off , walk alone . she wear a low - cut dress . narrator after the solitude and semi - banishment of the last four year , josephine find herself again at the center of Paris society . there would be a crush of crown and coronete head at malmaison , lead by Tsar Alexander . but josephine 's final conquest would be pathetically brief -- in two week , she be to die of pneumonia . alexander how delightful it must have be this spot to napoleon . could he but pass he life here with you , Madame , he would have nothing to complain of but the too rapid slide of time . josephine he love malmaison . I think it be the only place he be ever happy and carefree . Alexander inhale the fragrant night air . alexander the fall of a great man be a sad sight to behold ... he treat I badly but , even in my religion do not not forbid I to bear malice , I would bear he none . I be a better friend of he than he may know . josephine you be the only monarch for whom he have both affection and respect . 130 . alexander it be I who secure the sovereignty of elba for he , at a time when treachery and desertion of he own follower leave he at the mercy of that who would have do much worse to he . josephine I be certain you still hold he affection and gratitude . I believe he be only bitter about the desertion to he cause of that who be close to he -- most particularly , the marshal . he think that , by give they title and make they rich , he would ensure they loyalty -- but in the end , they think only of save they title and estate . Alexander stop , take she hand in he , move very close to she , and speak in a whisper . alexander Madame , I hope you will allow I to discuss a matter which I fear may be distasteful to you at the present time , but which , in fairness to yourself and to you child , I feel I must -- and that be the subject of you own property and pension . josephine be , of course , more than happy to discuss this . josephine oh ? alexander let I be as good a friend to you as napoleon ever be . if you will but command I , I shall secure all that be due to you and you child -- and even more , should you so desire . he lean forward and kiss she . ext . elba beach —- day a sunny beach on the island of elba . napoleon be seat at a fold table in front of a tent . 131 . he be talk with General Bertrand . a few guard of the escort be visible in the distance . napoleon have not just hear the news but have be talk about it for hour . napoleon josephine dead -- how unbelievable ! how impossible it be to believe it . she be always physically so strong -- she be never ill a day in she life . bertrand it be a terrible shock . the silence be punctuate by the sound of the gentle surf . napoleon but do she have the best doctor ? be not there any chance at all to save she ? bertrand I do not know , sire -- she have the Tsar 's personal physician . napoleon she should have have larrey or corvisart . they might have save she ... but why do not anyone even write to I ? can you believe that no one even bother to write to I ? would you have believe that I should read such news in a newspaper ? how incredible ! bertrand that be incredible . napoleon ah , my poor josephine . she be the most allure , most glamorous creature I have ever know -- a woman in every sense of the word , and she have the kindest heart in the world . she may have be a liar and a spendthrift , but she have something that be irresistible -- she be a woman to she very fingertip ... how impossible it be to believe that she be dead . bertrand I have never hear a unkind word about she speak . pause . 132 . napoleon I suppose I might blame she for open she house to the man most responsible to my downfall , but how can I ? she be on she own again , she have to look after she own affair , and how can one blame she for have she head turn by the attention of king ? napoleon she make I very unhappy when we be first marry , but when we be young we become addict to the pain of love and , once have experience it , never want to be cure . for afterwards , we dread the horrible solitude of the heart , the emptiness of feel ... he reach into he pocket and pull out a bill . pause . int . napoleon look at this -- how incredible ! my last souvenir -- a bill I receive just two week ago from she couturier -- 6,000 francs ...! napoleon now I have lose everything that be precious to I . my dearest wife have be lock away by she father , and my poor baby grow up without I . schonbrunn bedroom - night marie-louise and General neipperg , a handsome and virile man , with a patch over one eye , make love . 133 . narrator marie-louise would prove to be a little more than a dull , commonplace , sensual girl , accustom to obey the dictate of she father , who easily dissuade she from join napoleon , and carefully choose instead as she aide - de -camp , the gallant and dash General neipperg , who soon become she lover . they would have two child together before napoleon 's death . int . schonbrunn nursery - day a grotesquely large nursery in schonbrunn Palace , over - fill with expensive toy . the King of Rome , now four year old , sit alone on the floor , play with some soldier . two nursemaid sit at some distance from he , near the window . narrator napoleon would never see he son again , and the child would grow up in gild isolation , melancholy , ignore by he mother , in chronic ill-health and haunt by the legend of this father . he would die at the age of 22 . int . tuileries throne room - day throne room of the tuilery Palace . a large group of marshal be swear they loyalty to the King and kissing he hand . we should see berthier , ney , marmont , macdonald , lefebver . narrator when Louis xviii return to Paris in 1814 , he be as unknown in France as a egyptian pharaoh . marked by clumsiness and disdain , he quickly prove that the bourbon dynasty have learn nothing and forget nothing . people say that he do not return to the throne of he ancestor but simply ascend the throne of bonaparte . by 1815 , the army and the people be ready to rise against he and welcome the return of napoleon . 134 . ext . beach - day along shot of napoleon walk with he mother . we be too far away to hear what they be say . ext . ship deck - night a cold , clear , brilliant moonlit night . napoleon on the deck , crowded with he troops who be write proclamation in long hand . narrator napoleon set sail , from elba , on February 26th , 1815 , with he small force of 700 soldier , while the governor of the island , Sir Neil Campbell , be away in Florence . he put he soldier to work write out he proclamation in long hand . ext . road - day a regiment of government troops bar the road and the field border it . some 300 yard away , napoleon 's small army face they . a aide , of the general commanding the government troops , gallop down the road , salute and dismount . aide ( embarrassed ) General cannet present he compliment to the Emperor , and request that he lay down he arm and surrender himself and he man . napoleon thank you , Colonel . please present my compliment to General cannet , and tell he that I shall come presently and bring the answer myself . the aide salute , remount and ride back . General cannet speak to he troops , riding slowly back and forth on he horse . 135 . general cannet bonaparte be on he way to attempt to illegally reestablish himself over the legitimate government of we King , Louis xviii . it be we responsibility , as loyal soldier of France , to prevent he from do this , by whatever mean be necessary . his force number less than 700 man . at this remark , voice be hear from the back rank . voice ( derisively ) what about we -- do not we count ? napoleon have mount a horse and approach the government troops at a gallop . he reign up about 10 yard from they front rank . napoleon hello , man of the 5th -- do you recognize you Emperor ? voice ( from the crowd ) yes ! mix in with this , there be a considerable amount of cheer . napoleon I recognize you -- we be old friend . I know you from friedland and borodino . and , you there , sergeant monestier , how be you ? more cheer from the rank . napoleon my good friend , I be tell that marshal ney have promise the King to bring I back to Paris in a iron cage . I have send word to my old friend , marshal ney , that he can make that a wooden box , if he be able to manage it , but I certainly must refuse a iron cage - - I be not as young as I use to be , and I can not accept such drafty accommodation ! laughter and cheer from the rank . 136 . napoleon Men of the 5th , you general have invite I to surrender myself and my man , but I come to make you a offer -- Men of the 5th , will you join I ? there be a thunderous cheer from the rank and the man rush forward surround napoleon . some soldier fling themselves at he foot , kissing he coat and he hand . napoleon 's eye fill with tear . napoleon ( to a grenadier ) I shall have to send a message to Louis vxiii , in Paris , and tell he not to send any more troops -- I have enough already . int . tuileries dine room - night napoleon dine alone at a large table . he pick at he food in no special order -- dessert , fish , soup , potato . he be absorb , read a thick report . narrator after the dizzying magic of the return , come a sense of disenchantment -- and some anxious second thought . the ally have quickly patch up the difference that have divide they for almost a year , at the Congress of Vienna , and on which napoleon have count to give he some breathe space . to make matter worse , they refuse to have any diplomatic dealing , declare he a criminal beyond the protection of the law . his valet enter the room silently and cross the long room to the table . valet Excuse I , you majesty . napoleon ( without look up ) yes ? valet Madame avrillon have arrive , sire . 137 . napoleon listlessly look up from a spoon full of pudding . napoleon oh -- where be she ? valet I have show she to you bedroom , you majesty . napoleon stir he coffee and glance at he wrist watch . napoleon ( gloomily ) please ask she to get undress , and tell she I will be along as soon as I can . valet ( bow ) yes , sire . he go back to he report . animated map illustrate the narration . narrator the ally be prepare to move on the frontier of France with more than a million man . strung along the belgian frontier be a army of English and german troops , under Wellington , separate by ten mile from a force of 120,000 prussian troops , under blucher . napoleon calculate the huge Russian and austrian army could not reach he Eastern frontier before July . this give he the opportunity to use a favorite tactic and strike quickly against Wellington and blucher , hope to defeat they separately , before they could unite they force . on June 16th , blucher be defeat at ligny , and Wellington be force to retreat from quatre bras , but neither victory be decisive , nor be they follow up as they should have be , due to napoleon become ill , and to mistake by he general . ( more ) 138 . narrator ( cont would ) but what would prove disastrous for napoleon , be that he believe the prussian to be out of the battle for good , and retreate away from Wellington , whereas blucher , still full of fight , be march north to join he . ext . battlefield - day the oppose french and british army . narrator on the morning of June 18th , napoleon , with 74,000 man face Wellington with 67,000 , ona battlefield near the village of mount St. Jean , ten mile south of Brussels . confident that the prussian be out of action , or contain by grouchy 's pursue cavalry , napoleon 's only fear be that Wellington would retreat . ext . british position - day Wellington and entourage ride along ridge . troops cheer . narrator but Wellington have decide to fight it out , on blucher 's assurance that at least one prussian corps would reach he by mid-day . he have choose he favorite defensive position , on a rise , where the reverse slope would shelter he infantry from plunging artillery fire . ext . napoleon hq - day napoleon , surround by officer , bent over a map . narrator napoleon be in no hurry to start the battle and he wait until mid - day to allow the ground to dry , so that he heavy gun could get into position . this be to prove to be a crucial mistake . ( more ) 139 . narrator ( cont would ) have the battle begin at day - break , Wellington would probably have be defeat before the prussian intervene . animated map show position of both army on the battlefield and napoleon 's plan of attack . narrator napoleon ignore the warning of he peninsular war general about the fire - power of the English infantry , and decide on a frontal attack on the center , precede by a attack on the hougoumont farmhouse , which anchore the English right flank . ext . french artillery - day open fire . ext . hougoumont farm - day the farm be in the valley below the british position . french troops beat back by the English in fierce fight . narrator in the open move of the battle , the french could not dislodge the English from the hougoumont farm . ext . tree top observation post - day napoleon and he staff have they telescope train on what appear as a cloud of dust , at a distance of some six mile . the staff talk , somewhat absently , concentrate on they telescope . general simon I think it be only some dust blow . pause . general marchadier I though for a moment , then , that I could just make out the color of french uniform . 140 . general simon yes -- a bit of blue and red . I think so , too . general labesse let we hope it be marshal grouchy . general marchadier how far away do you make it ? general simon I should say , five or six mile . general marchadier at least that . general simon I think for a moment I could make out the color of prussian uniform . what do you think ? all eye stare with concern through they telescope . napoleon put he telescope down . narrator at 12:30 pm , the column approach on the right flank be identify as prussian . napoleon could have call off the battle at this point , but the campaign would have be lose , and he prefer the chance of smash Wellington before the prussian could arrive in strength . ext . road - day marshal grouchy at breakfast . dismount cavalry be along the side of the road , as far as the eye can see . all ear be cocked , listen to the distant sound of gun . grouchy look worried and uncertain . narrator have marshal grouchy maintain aggressive contact with the retreate prussian , they would have be prevent from enter the battle . ( more ) 141 . narrator ( cont would ) have fail to do this , have he now march he 34,000 man to the sound of the gun , he would have increase napoleon 's army by fifty percent and would most probably have ensure a french victory . but this be not to be , and grouchy 's inadequacy would be the ruin of napoleon 's last battle . animated map show the battlefield , the prussian come up , and grouchy out of the battle . narrator with grouchy 's force out of the battle , and the prussian move against he flank , napoleon be in a strategically compromise position , but there be still time to achieve a tactical triumph on the battlefield before the prussian arrive . ext . inn - day Three quarter of a mile behind the battlefield . napoleon be seat in a arm-chair . dry straw have be spread on the ground around he . he sit with he head in he hand . he be in pain . his staff wait fretfully at a respectful distance . narrator but napoleon be painfully ill , and spend most of the day three - quarter of a mile behind the battle . ext . french ridge - day marshal ney , mount and surround by he staff , look through he telescope . narrator he leave the tactical handle of the battle entirely to marshal ney , who , have desert napoleon the year before at fontainebleau , be the only one of that group of marshal who have since then reconcile with he . ( more ) 142 . narrator ( cont would ) berthier have commit suicide when he hear of napoleon 's return from elba , and ney 's eleventh hour switch of allegiance to napoleon , have leave he soldier 's mind ina cloud and uneasy state . he would now make tactical blunder after blunder , while gallantly rush around the battlefield like a young subaltern . ext . battlefield - day french column march up a slope to the british position on top . suddenly , a wall of redcoat rise up from behind the protection of the ridge and fire a devastating volley . the french line waver . a second line of redcoat appear and fire another volley . the french line break , and they begin to fall back . narrator at 1:30 , ney launch the first main attack , when four densely mass infantry column , unsupported by cavalry or horse artillery , be repulse with heavy loss . ext . battlefield - day mass column of french horseman riding up the slope at a slow canter , they helmet and breast - plate glitter like a stormy wave of the sea , when it catch the sunlight . they be riding stirrup , unhurry , confident , deliberate . narrator at 3:30 pm , ney misinterpreted movement in the English line as sign of a general retreat and , now , blunder again , send in the cavalry alone , unsupported by infantry . ext . british artillery - day open fire . ext . british infantry - day open fire . 143. ext . battlefield - day terrible loss of horse and man . ext . british square - day a incredible stalemate have develop in the battle . Dead man and horse be everywhere . but the british infantry , in they defensive square , hold they fire , and merely exchange stare with the hundred of french heavy cavalry who prowl around they , at a distance of no more than twenty yard . narrator after two hour of savage fight , the british infantry have learn that when the french cavalry be close , the artillery stop . and they also realize that each time they fire a volley , the cavalry would try to break through they , before they could reload . so they stop fire . a french colonel ride too close to one of the german square , he horse stumble and he fall , daze . two brunswick soldier dash out , take he purse , he watch and he pistol , and then blow he brain out . a cry of " shame " go up from the nearby british square . ext . french ridge - day napoleon give order . ney , cover with mud and bloodstain , have become a wild - look creature . narrator by 6 pm , napoleon have enter into the battle himself and be force to commit 14,000 man of he general reserve to hold up bulow 's prussian . ext . battlefield - day the Imperial Guard infantry be blast by a wall of british fire , they falter and retreat . the sound of musket ball against the french breast - plate sound like a hail - storm beat on window . 144 , narrator at 7:30 pm , napoleon release 5 battalion of the guard reserve for ney 's final assault . when this fail , the french morale crack . ext . battlefield - day british cavalry charge . narrator Wellington put in he cavalry , and the french army break in panic and run . ext . battlefield - day ney , now a bloodspatter demon , try to stop the retreat . ney come on -- follow I and see how a marshal of France die ! he charge into the battle . narrator but ney would survive the battle to be shot for treason by the return monarchy . title : ST . helena ext . deck of ship - day napoleon on the deck of the " Northumberland " look at the cliff of St. helena . he be depressed by the mass of bare volcanic granite rise steeply out of the sea , barely twenty - eight mile in circumference . narrator napoleon escape from France where he might have meet the same fate , and surrender to the English , hope for a congenial exile in Britain . but he be send as a prisoner to the tiny island of St. helena , in the South Atlantic , a thousand mile from the nearest land . ( more ) 145 . narrator ( cont would ) he would live out the last five year of he life there , amid the petty squabble of he own entourage , and he captor . ext . longwood house - dusk a gloomy sight , situate in a wild landscape . narrator his house be a hastily rebuilt collection of building originally construct as cattle - shed . int . longwood house - day napoleon dictating he memoir to Count Bertrand , a large map be spread on the floor . the room be overcrowded with book and papers . a rat be notice and ignore . narrator his four constrict room be infest with rat . his food and wine , and open mail be subject of continuous dispute . ext . bluff - day napoleon stare out at the grey Atlantic , watch by several british soldier . narrator his walk be so closely guard that he eventually give they up altogether . int . sir hudson lowe's office - day Sir Hudson lowe open napoleon 's mail . narrator his gaoler , Sir Hudson lowe , be a weak , narrow -mind , and petty man , obsessed with the fear he prisoner would escape , though a squadron of ten ship , and a garrison of 3,000 man guard the island . int . 146 . napoleon' bedroom - night napoleon , grey -face and look very ill , be examine by a hearty English naval surgeon . int . narrator his final illness would , until the very end , be dismiss by English doctor as a diplomatic disease . bedroom - night Count Bertrand , a figure of despair in the dimly - light room , keep a lonely death - watch . napoleon stir . ext . napoleon ( weakly ) who be there ? bertrand Bertrand , sire . napoleon I have just have the most vivid ... dream ... about josephine . bertrand yes , sire ? napoleon she be sit there ... and it be as if I have last see she only the night before ... she have not change - - she be still the same -- still completely devote to I ... and she tell I we be go to see each other again and , never again , leave each other ... she have promise I . do you see she ? bertrand no , sire ... I be asleep . napoleon I want to kiss she , but she do not want to kiss I ... she slip away , the moment I want to take she in my arm . grave - day the unmark grave . 147 . narrator napoleon die on May 5 , 1821 . Hudson lowe insisted the inscription on the tomb should read " napoleon bonaparte . " montholon and Bertrand refuse anything but the Imperial title -- " napoleon . " in the end , it be leave nameless . int . letizizia bedroom rome - day his mother , dress in black , sit alone , a study of gloom and lament . the shutter be close and the semi-darkness of the room be break by bright sliver of sunlight . the camera move slowly away from letizia , to a open portmanteau . it be fill with very old child 's thing -- fade toy , tear picture book , wooden soldier and the teddy bear napoleon sleep with as a child . fade out . the end