nashville original screenplay by Joan tewksbury June 8 , 1974 introduction order airport studio highway 1 . tricycle man 2 . mr. GREEN 3 . norman 4 . connie white ( photo ) 5 . sueleen 6 . delbert 7 . WADE 8 . haven 9 . bud 10 . pearl 11 . opal 12 . linnea 13 . barbara jean ( name on plane ) 14 . bill 15 . mary 16 . tripiette 17 . L.A. joan 18 . tom 19 glenn 20 . barnett 21 . kenny 22 . tommy brown 23 . albuquerque 24 . STAR highway lineup 1 . tricycle man 2 . mr. GREEN &amp ; L.A. joan 3 . norman - bill &amp ; mary 4 . barbara jean &amp ; barnett ( ambulance ) 5 . haven &amp ; bud &amp ; pearl 6 . sueleen &amp ; WADE 7 . tom &amp ; stewardii 8 . delbert &amp ; triplette 9 . glenn ( Bus - connie White poster ) 10 . tommy brown 11 . opal &amp ; linnea 12 . kenny 13 . STAR &amp ; albuqureque fade in : a title sequence still photo of twenty - four principal actor . 1 close shot - sign Nashville Airport . 2 ext . nashville airport - day tricycle man drive into parking lot and park next to GREEN be old chevy . tricycle mam : lock he machine and walk toward coffee shop . GREEN get out of he car , lock it , start in the same direction . norman park the limo , go into main building . 3 int . airport - day norman be attract to large '' connie white '' display . 4 int . coffee shop - day at the entrance be another " connie white " display and from the jukebox we hear one of she song . the waitress , sueleen , drop a fork , then get another from a overflow sink and hand it to she customer , tricycle man . there be several people at the counter with he , include GREEN , who have just walk in . another man enter , delbert reese . sueleen wait on all of they . a small black man come out of the kitchen , carry a tray full or dish . this be WADE . WADE ( to sueleen ) you want a ride into town ? sueleen you bet . reese look up , check out sueleen , then WADE , then the tricycle man , then he breast pocket to see it he wallet and checkbook be still there , then he bury himself in he newspaper . sueleen get I a audition tonight . WADE well , you just remember , if you can not kick front , kick back , ' cause at least you be kick ... ten minute , okay ? she nod and talk to the tricycle man . reese keep sneaking look at she . sueleen I have just be wait for the right spot to sing in ... I be so nervous ... she laugh and start to rinse the dish in the sink . sueleen I be good , though . there be not but one sueleen Gay -- I do not mean to be conceit , but really it 's true . I have be take special coach lesson from Zeke willard -- he 's just wonderful . teaches you how to phrase ; that 's really important . and breathe . well , you know all about that . anyway , I write this song . she look down and then begin to half whisper , sing , and half do all of the gesture for a song she have write as she wipe some glass . the jukebox continue to play connie white , and every time someone walk by , sueleen stop . she finally get through the song and discover reese have be watch , too . she look away from he to the tricycle man , who smile . be have finish he meal . sueleen oh , listen , I really do go on . here 's you check . sure have be nice talk to you . as she remove she apron , a haven hamilton song come on the jukebox , " keep on a goin ' . " the tricycle man leave . CUT to : 5 int . control booth - nashville studio - day we hear the last chorus or " keep on a goin ' " as sung by haven , who be recording . he be always dress in white . in the booth be bud and lady pearl . also present be two engineer and a producer . haven be accompany by a long haire piano player with a white sweater . haven be not too happy with he . 6 another angle opal enter the booth , carry a too-large English tape recorder . haven stop sing , mad at opal be interruption and the piano player . through the glass we see he pantomime instruction for she to leave . as she do , haven start over . 7 int . hallway - day opal wander to the next studio . bud follow , apologize . bud sorry . he see a tape recorder and get upset . she look at he . bud he 's my father . opal Haven Hamilton be you father ? can you arrange a interview ? 8 int . second recording booth - day they have enter a different control tooth . in the recording portion , linnea and a all - black , male choir sing a gospel song . opal ask bud who this group be . 9 int . first control booth - day bud return . haven have just explode at the piano player and start to leave , yell at the producer . haven who the hell be play piano ? get that hippie out of here ... he 's get a tin ear . I ask for pig , dammit . I be move on ' cause I gotta get to the airport . when you get my backup straight , then we will talk about cut this tune here . he head for the hallway . 10 int . hallway - day it be jamme with black singer from the choir . haven hate be crush and move through the congestion like a white knight . opal move near . opal Excuse I , sir . I be here put together a film . I would like to ask some question . she have to fumble with the bulky tape machine and transformer . haven foreigner ? opal I be from BBC television . haven where the hell be that ? haven nod a politely and leave the crowded hallway with bud and pearl . he spot linnea . haven linnea . linnea how you do , Haven ? haven oh , fine . could not be better . 11 angle t0 ward outside they all say goodbye and haven be group get into a new white jeep CUT to : 12 ext . airport - day Barbara Jean 's plane taxi to a halt . 13 int . coffee shop - day reese leave a tip and exit the coffee shop to greet the plane . page miss 14a continued : tom spot stew and go to they tom you lady get room for a spare ? stew sure . 14b new angle L.A. joan be leave in the dust . L.A. joan ' bye ... nice talk to you . GREEN see he niece and walk over . GREEN Joan ? she turn . L.A. joan do you see who that be ? GREEN glad to see you . ester will be glad , too . L.A. joan he be just wonderful . GREEN I '1l get you bag . CUT to : 15 ext . landing area - airport - day glenn have just deposit a postcard in a mailbox and approach a gather cluster of people . norman and tricycle man be nearby . everybody be wait for barbara jean to appear . glenn step close to norman . glenn be I late ? norman late ! oh , Jesus ! he run off . 16 another angle as norman run toward passenger load , we see haven' jeep arrive with haven , bud and pearl . it park and all climb out . reese and triplette approach the ' Barbara Jean ' plane . barnett be already on the runway , make arrangement . haven be group all shake hand . haven delbert , how be you ? reese I be fine . this here be John triplette . triplette , like you to meet the honorary Mayor , Haven Hamilton . haven good to meet you . ( turn to bud ) Bud , have they move the horse . triplette pleasure reese where be she ? haven still inside the plane pose for picture and signing autograph . she 's get a new album cut again . she will be down in a minute . but she will be late for the Opera if she do not hurry . Bud , get the plane on the walkie-talkie . bud fumble on he walkie-talkie telephone , but can not seem to get anything . bud they do not seem to be answer . the ambulance boy be here , though . barnett always expect they to get there like a shot . that thing only go a hundred fall bore with the siren go . haven thank you , Bud . bud nod like he have be compliment . 17 angle toward plane a wave of noise begin from the fan . the band and majorettes and horse and roper go into a rendition of one of she hit tune as barbara jean appear . everyone be break they neck to see , especially glenn . haven and reese give she the first round of applause , then go back to talk . triplette have never be expose to anything quite like this before and stand a little in awe of the situation . when the twirling and trick and music stop , barbara jean descend the stair . haven Bud , tell they to move the horse . Promised this strip would be spic and span . he smile and wink . reese listen , we will go get the car and come back . this 'l 1 be go on for a while . haven you bet . she 's probably talk to somebody about they sick child . you know how she be . they wave goodbye and head in the direction of the load zone . behind they , the horse people disperse and get into they car and horse trailer , prepare to return to Nashville . 18 another angle barnett come over to reese , triplette , haven , bud and pearl while barbara jean continue to greet fan . 19 ext . airport near parking lot - day while the barbara jean arrival take place on the runway norman find bill and mary . norman speak softly and out of breath , try to pretend he 's on time . norman hi. bill slap he on the back and engulf he . bill hi , norman . norman look relieved . bill and mary have be argue . norman sure be nice to see you all again . I never think I would see you again after the last time . bill oh , norman , you worry too much . mary take norman be hand . mary norman , how be you ? she kiss he and he blushes . bill and mary be glad to talk to someone else . norman Fine . just fine . as they walk to the limo , we see a car with loudspeaker on top of it and clearly write door sign that read : " replacement Party " in red , white and blue . reese and tiliplette be walk toward it , shaking hand with several people . norman sure have miss you all , though . oh , where 's Tom ? be not he with you ? bill do not worry about old Tom . 20 another angle tom and the stew walk to a vw with a sun roof . nearby reese and triplette get into they cadillac , behind it the replacement Party car . come from the loudspeaker a tape - record voice : voice have you think about you future and what America need to examine ... behind the replacement Party car be a airport bus with " connie White " poster on the side . glenn be one or the passenger . he crane he neck to continue watch the runway and barbara jean . 21 ext . parking lot norman be limo , with bill and mary , follow traffic as the tricycle man fire up he machine . WADE be car with sueleen also join the procession . 22 angle toward runway the orange ambulance have move into the area near the plane and there seem to be a great deal at activity . reese and triplette's car stop , and they rush out and run into haven , who be shouting for people to get the hell out of the way . 23 new angle two ambulance attendant cut through the crowd . haven , triplette and reese rush near . barnett be on he knee over barbara jean , who have collapse . the attendant lean over she with ammonia . they test she reflex , etc .. attendant how long be she out ? barnett not too long . but she keep pass out . she come to and look at they all . barbara jean ( oblivious ) just give you manna that vitamin E. make a world of difference . haven here she be again . she resist the ammonia , look around and pass out again . attendant okay , let 's get she to the wagon . a stretcher be bring in and she be place under oxygen . barnett climb into the ambulance with barbara jean , slamm the door on delbert and triplette . haven stand there , yell at people . delbert and triplette rush back to they car as the ambulance speed off , siren wail . CUT to : 24 ext . freevay to nashville - day 25 tricycle man lead the procession . 26 int . green' car GREEN eater 's be ask for you . L.A. joan be try to find a station she like on she transistor radio . L.A. joan uh huh . GREEN she 's be in the hospital two week yesterday . L.A. joan can not find anything she like . L.A. joan you know anything about the station here ? GREEN ( have not hear ) it 's hard to say . doctor think she would come home a week ago . all it be be appendix . L.A. joan all they get be advertisement . just like L.A. GREEN do a exploratory and accord to they , she need a overhaul . he chuckle at he prepare joke . L.A. joan well , I could use one , especially if I be pregnant . GREEN what do you say ? L.A. joan I say , maybe I will change my name again . GREEN I see ... well , that doctor be real miracle worker . L.A. joan but not unless Nashville really inspire I . GREEN maybe you can look after I a little . L.A. joan that Tom sure be cute . CUT to : 27 ambulance speed by each vehicle . barbara jean and barnett be alone . 28 replacement car be very piggish in its drive habit . 29 int . haven' jeep pearl we have this two city boy come in last week . one or they say he Ford truck have cut off he foot . the other one say that be not true . then the first say he look just like Eddie Black when he say that ... haven Bud , would you be sure to get the oil change ? bud ya ... where do you want I to take it ? pearl do you remember Eddie Black ? he have that blue eye . haven where you always take it . there 's nothing special about this time . pearl and they start pound on each other . but the one without the foot be strongest . haven Bud , you be go to have to show up at the hospital tar I I gotta get back to that session . bud okay . anything you want I to say ? haven say I have to get back to the session . ~ God -- all school do for you , you can put in a thimble . pearl the cop come through and break it up . I finally just have to call Chet and say , ' Chet , get over here . there be two old bay here break up the furniture ... ' CUT to : 30 int . wade's car -truck sueleen in do some vocal exercise . WADE listen for awhile . WADE be that what you be go to sing ? she laugh . sueleen no -- that 's exercise . my coach say you have to do exercise because the vocal chord be muscle and need to be stretch . every time you stretch they , the middle part set stronger . that 's the place where I sing . WADE you think I get any kind of a voice ? he break into a scale . sueleen you sure do it loud . WADE be that good ? sueleen it 's not bad . WADE you think I should take lesson ? sueleen if you be serious . be serious be real important . WADE you serious ? sueleen Wade -- I have be work toward this audition for year . WADE well , honey , I sure hope it come you way then . sueleen you think it will ? WADE sure thing . CUT to : 31 int . stews ' car stew # 1 I just know that be you when you get on . tom you do , huh ? stew # 1 ya - I even recognize they . stew # 2 how long have you be together ? tom ( laugh ) too long . stew # 3 be you rather really a actor ? tom ( laugh ) all he life . stew # 3 really ? tom I , too . they all laugh . stew # 4 have be drive over - cautiously because of the cargo . tom lean over and kiss she ear . tom you have any fun ? she shriek and practically drive off the road . they all laugh . tom that 's the most important thing -- to have -- fun stew # 2 how long be you go to be here ? tom Long enough to have fun . they laugh . CUT to : 32 int . cadillac triplette what do you think of he ? reese hal ? well , hal and I have be friend for a long time . triplette you go to school together ? reese no , we never do that triplette oh -- reese we be connect by a relative . one time , one of he aunt marry one of my uncle . that be a long time ago , though . how would you come to work for he ? triplette well , I really think he 's get a chance . reese you do ? triplette oh yea -- there have never be a better time for something new . reese he be not really new . triplette he be to a lot of people . reese he be a good judge , but that be a long time ago . triplette you know , I will bet you he make it with a majority . reese where be you from ? triplette Southern California . reese you always live there ? triplette spend time in Arizona . why ? reese well , I admire you optimism , and I just wonder if it be regional . you ever see any movie star ? triplette I know a couple . reese no kid -- wait till I tell linnea . who ? triplette ah ... Peter finch . reese who ? triplette Peter finch -- he 's English . reese I never hear of he . name somebody else . triplette Ryan o'neal . reese you really do ? ~ God -- how come you know they ? triplette oh , you meet they at party and stuff . reese I will be damned . Boy , if you could get Ryan to say something about hal Phillip Walker , would not that be something ? triplette well -- maybe . let 's see what happen here . reese I will be damme . CUT to : 33 airport bus glenn be at the window . " connie White " ad be present . 34 mobile home part of normal traffic . it belong to tommy brown , who lounge with four very black associate , play serious poker . 35 int . linnea' car join the procession from a auxiliary route . with she be opal , who interview linnea . opal have you child be deaf since birth ? linnea yes -- yes , they have . it be a real shock at first , especially since my daddy 's a preacher , but delbert and I have be bless by they be here . opal when do you start sing ? linnea when I be little , in church . opal be not it unusual for you to be work with a black choir ? linnea yes , it be -- opal well , can you tell I why ? linnea it just be . opal ( not get the answer she want ) how long have you be with they ? linnea about three year . opal and before ? linnea just my church and my boy . we all have to go to school and learn hand talk . I just thank the Lord they can see . opal do you ever do any write ? linnea no , I do not . opal be you a close friend of have n's ? linnea no , mostly he wife 's . she 's in Paris , France , right now . my husband delbert be real friendly with he . delbert 's in law . do work for he . opal do you like he ? linnea he 's a member of we congregation . CUT to : 36 kenny' nash kenny be catch up in the crowd enter Nashville . 37 ext . star' pickup truck STAR you get the money ? albuquerque right here . STAR well , do not lose it . last time I give you twenty - five dollar , you lose it . albuquerque well , that just happen that time . STAR well , it better not happen again . albuquerque turn and look out the window . they ride in resentful silence . STAR you lose twenty - five dollar once before that , too , near Christmas time -- I remember that real well now . December 9th , to be exact . albuquerque you get a real good memory , Star . STAR I remember when I just see you . skinny winnifre . Jesus , you be skinny . albuquerque ( ignore he ) what do you have to buy ? STAR feed , mostly . think we would get something for the kid . albuquerque okay by I - I would sure like to see that opryland . STAR what ? albuquerque Grand Old Opera -- STAR I hate that music . albuquerque I know that , Star . CUT to : 38 ext . freeway near a bridge , a huge diesel truck almost collide with the replacement car , which have just make a greedy move . to avoid collision , the diesel jackknife , block all traffic behind it , except for one narrow lane . 39 int . limo mary sit erect . norman oh , my God ! bill climb out . bill norman , just sit there and do not puke . he run toward the truck . at this point , the tricycle man appear through all the car . 40 angle at bridge the tricycle man work he way through traffic . STAR have climb from he truck and go to help . albuquesque take advantage and run off . 41 angle near kenny' car it overheat and explode . kenny get out , carry he violin case and start to walk . albuquerque spot he and step near . albuquerque hey , mind if I walk with ya ? she look at he violin case . albuquerque you a musician ? kenny no . albuquerque do you have people in Nashville ? kenny no -- just come to Nashville , that 's all . 42 int . ambulance barnett be in a rage . the attendant administer oxygen to barbara jean barnett I do not care . I pay you people twenty - five buck a hour and keep you work steady . now either go on or turn around . but move . 43 ext . highway the ambulance pass all the vehicle , include the horse rig . as he pass norman be limo : mary do not worry , norman . there 's no blood . nobody 's hurt . she climb out of the car and move to the freeway rail and yell for some workmen below to call the police . 44 angle at diesel the driver be hurt badly . tricycle man and STAR be there . STAR look up , relieved a ambulance be come . his face drop as the ambulance speed past and toward the city . 45 angle further back in traffic albuquerque be walk with kenny . she see STAR return to he truck . she duck into the ivy . albuquerque hurt my foot ... STAR approach he truck , see albuquerque be go and spot ksnny . STAR have you see a woman about so high ? kenny no . STAR she have on high heel ? kenny no . STAR need a ride ? kenny nod " yes " and climb in the pickup . 46 angle at bridge people be help the injure driver . tricycle man climb on he machine and leave , head toward Nashville . CUT to : 47 int . baptist hospital - afternoon barbara jean be in bed . a doctor be there , along with a crowd of publicity people and well - wisher , include : triplette , reese , bud . barnett hover over barbara jean . the atmosphere be stifling . doctor Barbara , I would like to talk to you and barnett alone . barnett anything you say . he turn to the visitor . barnett Doctor say you will have to go on out now there be tone of disappointment , most of they be very involved in they own conversation . triplette walk toward the bed , but can not really get close enough . he finally capture barnett as the people start to leave . triplette Excuse I , barnett , how 's she do ? barnett turn and study he for a moment as though he remember who he be . he do not . triplette I be sorry . I feel as if I know you . I be John triplette ... a friend of Del reese ... I be at the airport . I just want to introduce myself . I be a great fan of hers . if there 's anything you need , just give I a call . I be at the Sheraton South . barnett she 's go to rest now . triplette okay , I just want to see if I could help out at all . the crowd be almost out of the room now . we see glenn there as he step into the hallway . barnett I appreciate you concern , but she have to rest , so you can go on home . triplette oh , sure . he stand there too long . barnett what do you really want ? triplette not a thing , barnett , really . I need a little information . but , ah , it can wait . barnett you bet . triplette okay . thanks . barnett say " you bet " again and close the door after triplette . barnett return to the bed with barbara jean and the doctor . doctor well , it 's exhaustion , pure and simple , and you be go to have to take a rest or you be go to be in big trouble . barnett she have to be at the opera tomorrow night and then she can go home . doctor she 's not go anywhere , barnett . this be precisely what I be talk about . she be collapse . she cannot go on without a rest or she will have to stop altogether for a long time . barbara jean well , I have to go : it 's too late to be replace , and , besides , I just can not do that . that people get disappointed . they have come in from all over , you know , and this miss foxy who 's be write to I for year be go to be there from Michigan . doctor you can not leave this bed until I say so . the two of you have to understand that . barnett , you have get to stop this dovetail and give she some rest . you do not need to make that much more money . barnett it 's not the money . the friend and neighbor love she and they want to see she . we get a debt to the public . doctor well , they be not go to see she tomorrow night , and I suggest you get on the phone and make the necessary arrangement . CUT to : 48 int . hospital corridor a few of the people still remain , among they glenn , who have just finish another postcard . near barbara jeans ' hospital room in mrs . GREEN 's. GREEN be visit she now and LA . joan wait in the hall , smoking a cigarette . bud be talk with a few people . L.A. joan bring out a new cigarette and ask glenn for a 1ight . he do not have one , so she move to bud . she scare he , but he light she fresh cigarette anyway . she ask he for a ride , and they leave together as GREEN come out . GREEN begin to look for L.A. joan . CUT to : 49 ext . demon be den - night tricycle man park in front . he enter . 50 int . demon be den - night sueleen be audition . the tricycle man go to the bar and listen . he be one of the few people who do . sueleen direct she performance to he . also at the bar be tom , be interview by opal . tom we just get a gold record . opal do they have a show to give it to you ? tom no Hell , some secretary in New York just hand it to you . only this one keep drop it out of the box . opal do it break ? tom dent it a little . Boy -- just she could not even find it . she have a hamburger on she desk that look three week old . opal how long have you be together ? tom probably a little too long . opal do you study at all ? tom depend on what I be study . STAR be down at the end , drink alone and look for albuquerque . the phone ring and the manager answer it . intercut with : 51 int . linnea' house - night establish the reese ' relationship with they child . delbert speak to triplette manager when do you need she ? delbert Monday night . manager you want she to sing , too ? sueleen have finish she song and eavesdrop blatantly . sueleen I can do benefit manager ( into phone ) how much ? delbert twenty dollar for she and ten for you . the manager keep look at sueleen managzr well , do you want a blonde ? delbert how do she look ? manager you know ... blonde . delbert okay , I will get you you money . both hang up the telephone . 52 int . demon' den the manager carefully look at sueleem . manager I can only give you fifty a week here and ten buck for the benefit . sueleen money 's no object . she kiss he cheek . he hate it . he write on a piece of paper . manager you go here Monday night and be there at eight sharp and look flashy you know what I mean ? she nod " yes " and take the paper . manager be you sure you know what you be do ? sueleen hundred of time . manager well , there 's a couple of girl in printer alley if you get any question . I know I have see that G - string stuff for sale someplace around . sueleen do not you worry about sueleen Gay . she be not convincing . manager that 's for sure . at the airport - that 's where it be . at the airport , there in one of that gift shop ... anyway , you better take a break . sueleen thanks . you be just a wonderful person . 53 another angle albuquerque enter . STAR see she and chase she outside . 54 ext . demon' den STAR hit the pavement , but there be no sign or albuquerque . he stand there as bud and L.A. joan enter . 55 int . demon be den - night bud and L.A. joan go to the bar as sueleen sing another song . tom have move away from opal to the telephone . 56 int . linnea' house - night delbert , triplette , linnea and the kid be eat . the phone ring . linnea answer it . intercut : linnea hello . tom linnea ? linnea yes . who 's this ? tom I be here . linnea who be this ? tom Tom . you remember ? linnea ( conceal she laughter ) I be not sure . where ? tom remember , about a month ago , you church choir cut a record ? linnea yes . tom well , I meet you that afternoon in the control room and we ... linnea oh , Tom , of course . what be you do in Nashville ? t0m cut a record . pause . tom I would really like to see you . linnea or course . you should come over to the house . the boy would love to meet you . tom ( laugh ) that 's not quite what I have in mind . she try not to hear what he 's say . linnea well ... how have you be ? tom well , they remove my heart last week , but I be do fine except my nose fall off . look a little funny . she laugh . tom look , I find you attractive and I want to see you , so I will call you when I get to my place . he hang up the phone . linnea look at the dinner table and delbert and the kid . 57 int . demon be den - night tom move back to the bar and opal . L.A. joan have find the tricycle man more interesting than bud and slide close to he . bud take the opportunity to sneak out . CUT to : 58 int . nashville lounge - night norman be on stage do he routine , a series of imitation and joke , with help from bluegrass picker , who introduce he to the audience . bill and mary be in the audience , watch norman . at another table sit barnett , tommy brown , pearl , haven negotiate a deal and watch norman as a potential warm - up act . they think he stink 59 another angle kenny enter with he violin case and sit . near the back WADE be drunk , lean against the wall . albuquerque enter from the back door . she hang around the kitchen , steal food . WADE notice she and start to talk to she . WADE hey , what be you do ? albuquerque pretend she 's fix she purse . albuquerque just fix this strap here WADE I know what you be do . I have do it too long not to know . but if you be go to hunt down food , get enough so you will not have to do it again right away . peanut butter 's good . man can last a long time on peanut butter . alburquerque can not find any , so she grab whatever she can that will fit into she purse . 60 another angle norman cater he material to tommy brown , hope to get the job . WADE ( quite drunk and yell ) Tommy Brown , you be the whitest nigger I have ever see . tommy turn in he chair and look at WADE . barnett lean into tommy . barnett let 's go -- tommy I do not think norman 's do yet . barnett we have hear enough . come on . WADE Hell , you be whiter than that old boy up there . tommy and barnett leave . WADE where the hell be you go , oreo cookie ? the bluegrass player pick up the tempo by play music . kenny try to calm WADE down , but WADE belt he . norman sing the National anthem . pearl get mad and toss WADE out the back door . albuquerque go after WADE to soothe he . bill , mary and norman leave together out the front . albuquerque watch from the alley . 61 ext . nashville lounge - night mary mother norman . bill , mary and norman enter the limo , leave kenny behind . STAR drive up . he recognize kenny from the freeway STAR hey , there - you see my winifre ? kenny no . STAR you get a place to stay ? kenny no. probably stay at a motel tonight . STAR ( look at violin case ) you in music ? kenny no . STAR get in . kenny climb in . CUT to : 62 ext . baptist hospital - night tricycle man drive L.A. joan to the hospital . she climb off he machine . L.A. joan I hope he 's still here . I do not know where he life . GREEN come out of the hospital and walk over . he be hurt GREEN you should have stay . ester 's be want to see you . they walk off to GREEN be car . tricycle man drive oft . 63 ext . hospital - night glenn be in the middle of the rise garden gather a bouquet of flower . when he finish , he enter the building . 64 int . hospital - night glenn walk past the desk , hold the bouquet so no one will see it . he enter the elevator . page missing 71 int . gas station bathroom - morning in the most despicable kind of condition . albuquerque wade through the waste , use the John , then discover it will not flush . she go to wash she hand but there be only a trickle . she take some kleenex from she purse and dry she face and hand , exite the bathroom with the key still in the door . CUT to : 72 int . barbara jean' hospital room - morning glenn ease out of the chair where he have be sit all night . he have be write a letter and put it near the glass of flower . he look at barbara jean for the last time , put the chair back , and leave , bump into a enter nurse . nurse who be you ? glenn be too scared to say anything and take off down the hall . the nurse check barbara jean and let it go at that . CUT to : 73 int . tom' motel room - morning tom be in bed with opal . he get up and go to the window . we see the tricycle man be machine park outside . opal come on back to bed . tom yeah , you bet . you be really terrific . you know what I mean ? opal come on . tom just a minute . he go to he jacket and pull out a phone number , then start to dial . reese ( v.0 . ) hello . tom hiya . listen , be linnea there ? there be a long pause . linnea ( v.0 . ) hello . tom hi. another long pause . tom listen , 1 be sorry I do not call a little sooner . I sorta get tie up . listen ... opal be get dress and gather she thing . linnea ( v.o. ) who be thin ? tom who be this ? it 's Tom . linnea ( v.0 . ) I do not know who you be . tom what do you mean ? you say you want to see I . opal be almost ready to leave . she see the tricycle park outside . linnea have hang up on tom and he dial again . tom what the hell be go on ? reese ( v.0 . ) what be this ? tom I would like to talk to ... reese ( v.o. ) you call again and I be call the police . the phone be hang up in tom be ear . tom study the phone number for a instant , then toss it in the ashtray . opal have leave and perhaps we even hear the roar of the tricycle . CUT to : 74 ext . rooming house - morning kenny stand on the front porch or one of the many rooming house near Music row . GREEN open the front door . he be with he dog . we hear L.A. joan singing from another room . GREEN yes , air . kenny yes , sir . GREEN can I help you ? kenny yes , sir . I need a room GREEN I think we can do that . come in . 75 int . GREEN house - morning kenny follow GREEN down the hall . GREEN Green 's the name . they shake hand . kenny Kenneth Fraser . glad to meet you ... L.A. joan' voice get louder . GREEN my wire 's be in the hospital so thing might be a little dusty , but the sheet be clean and the bath 's down the hall . ( look at Kenny 's violin case ) you be in music , I guess , be not you ? ' Cause my niece sing most of the day . that will not bother you , will it ? kenny start to answer . GREEN I do not think it would . she 's call herself L.A. Joan this - week . last week it be dakota . guess if you have to change you name a state 's as good as anything . kenny she sure sing nice . GREEN my wife and I think so , but we be family . you family 's always good or bad depend on how you look at you family . what do you do , pick or sing ? kenny oh ... a little of both . just think I would look around at Nashville for a while . GREEN do not hear he . L.A. joan wander in and out , catch kenny be eye . GREEN when you run out or money , ' cause you will here , you can go sing at Bishop 's pub . they let you pass the hat . all this kid do that . most every place do not want to bother with you . kenny I be not really a musician . GREEN smile . GREEN well , do not be shy . I get the address here . anytime you need it . room 's twenty - five dollar ! a week and you can have breakfast with I if you like . kenny suit I . he hand over the money . kenny listen , do you know anything about car ? GREEN a little . what do you need ? 76 another angle as kenny start to explain , L.A. joan appear . GREEN ( to Joan ) get ready . we be go to the hospital . joan eye kenny and moan that she do not want to go . GREEN get firm . GREEN we be go . CUT to : 77 int . varsity recording studio - day we be inside a recording studio looking into the glass booth . there be a engineer in the booth . engineer you will have to stand closer to the mike . albuquerqus stand with some papers . engineer you have only get time for one more take , unless you have get another twenty - five dollar !. she shake she head , " no " and move closer to the mike . albuquerque oh , do not you worry . you sure do you best . it will be fine . I just know it . engineer okay , you be on . she smile at the backup trio : bass violin , piano , violin . albuquerque hi ... this here be albuquerque speak . you do not know I yet but ya will after I sing you this song that I have write call ... we hear the intro and she begin . after the song finish , the trio end and the red light go out . the playback blare . engineer okay , come in the booth . you will have to wait for the disc . CUT to : 78 ext . baptist hospital STAR drive past , look for albuquerque as GREEN be car park and he and joan enter the hospital . 79 int . hospital - day glenn be there write yet another post card . GREEN and joan enter . joan eye glenn . GREEN talk to the nurse . he carry flower . nurse hi . look at that flower . do you grow that . GREEN ester and I do ; my niece pick then . she 's just here from California . nurse that 's good , I have never see anything so healthy . he hand one to she . nurse you sit there for a moment and let I see if she 's sleep . GREEN go over and join glenn and joan in the wait area . 80 another angle joan be coax glenn into go to the Opera . GREEN ( to Glenn ) Excuse I . be you in music ? glenn no . GREEN well , neither be I . but my niece be . CUT to : 81 barbara jean be room - day barnett enter with a basket of fruit . barnett wake up . you will sleep the day away . barbara jean roll over and open she eye . she see glenn be flower and the note that say , " when I die I want you to come along and be a angel with I . " barnett I call connie and she say not to worry , she will fill in for you . barbara jean I see . she get out of bed and go to the bathroom . 82 int . bathroom - day barbara jean suddenly start to cry loudly . she cover the SOUND by flushing the toilet . when that cycle fade , she flush again . CUT to : 83 ext . king of the road - afternoon norman drive up and enter . 84 int . king of the road - afternoon norman pick up the house phone , then see mary . norman sorry I be late . mary you be not . norman where 's Bill ? mary sleep . norman where be you go ? mary out . she exit without stop . CUT to : 85 ext . haven' house - afternoon opal be drive up to the house by the tricycle man . 86 int . haven' house - afternoon bud give opal a tour of the house . she carry she big recorder . bud he get kill at a turkey shoot . opal you brother ? bud yes . I be in my sophomore year at Harvard . opal Harvard ? bud Business School so I can run Haven 's business . opal what be a turkey shoot . bud you go out in the wood and shoot target -- whoever shoot the most win a live turkey opal how in the world do he get shot ? bud some guy be drunk and hit he . Accident . Haven almost kill he . delbert enter after have have a meeting with haven in another room . reese sorry to bother you , Bud . bud yes , sir . like you to meet opal . they nod . reese need to have you check this out before he go on that Walker benefit . bud sure thing . put they here ... I will take they . reese thanks ... I will ... go say hello to you mom . bud she 's in Paris . reese oh ... well ... have you hear from barnett ? bud not yet . reese let I know when you do , all right ? reese start for another room . bud you bet . reese I will just be in here . he catch opal be eye and do not leave . opal do you know Barbara Jean ? bud sure do . good friend of Haven 's . opal Haven 's not go to talk to I . bud sure he will . reese look at opal . CUT to : 87 int . tom' motel room - night we see tom and mary make love . not a word be speak . CUT to : 88 ext . opera - land - night tricycle man arrive . so do reese and opal . she record everything he say , more for he than she . he talk about be counsel for all the western star and WALKER , too - 89 int . opera - land - night L.A. joan and glenn be in the audience . kenny sit near they . STAR be present also . 90 int . opera - backstage - night albuquerque sneak in as the guard check triplette's id . tommy brown be backstage , next to perform . a announcer introduce the act . 91 new angle - toward audience albuquerque look to see who be present . 92 angle backstage connie white and she entourage be gather . haven , bud and pearl talk . opal and reese arrive . as tommy brown perform , triplette make the round . opal come near . they be hand piece of anniversary cake . opal hi. triplette hello . opal I be opal . triplette oh yes , I be John triplette . opal I be gather information about the characteristic of music people . I just finish a documentary on gandi . he look puzzle . opal the architect his building be drippy . you know , like sand and castle . then I get this assignment . they want to start in two week . triplette why ? opal why ? triplette what ? opal what ? oh. a film . at this point , haven walk up . barnett where would you get the cake ? they be take quite off guard . triplette someone give it ... here , you want this ... I will ... haven no . somebody walk by and ask haven how the president be . haven a little worried . Fine , though . triplette clear he throat and turn he back to haven and continue to talk to opal . haven walk off . announcer's voice lady and gentleman , Haven Hamilton . 93 new angle haven grab the mike and burst into one of he more famous song , then overlap it with another . at the finish , he accept applause and begin to speak about barbara jean . haven we want to send special wish to Barbara Jean who be in the Baptist Hospital . she collapse yesterday morning at the plane christen . send you prayer and letter to Baptist Hospital , Nashville , Tennessee . barnett say she wept because she could not be here with you friend and neighbor . but you faith in the great almighty will bring she back here just to be what you want she to be ... and she good friend , connie White , have give up some time with she own mother , who be sick with a kidney disorder , to fill in and send she warmth to you wonderful friend and neighbor so you will not be too disappointed after this message from tooth -sticken , good , gooey cluster . 94 angle toward glenn glenn politely leave when connie white be announce . the tricycle man take he seat , next to L.A. joan . CUT to : 95 int . opera - angle backstage - night albuquerque talk to two policemen . albuquerque I know it 's here somewhere . I have it when I walk in , but you be not here . my name 's albuquerque , and I be here cut a record . my people say it would be all right . policeman sorry , miss . no pass , no entrance . you people should have give you a pass . albuquerque they do . I know I will find it here . we hear haven' voice from the stage . 96 new angle connie white pass albuquerque and the policemen on she way to the bathroom . albuquerque rush up . albuquerque sister connie ... connie . hi , I see you out there . I just think you be so beautiful . what do you think ? I can not find my pass . I be here cut a record , you know , and this policeman here ... the policemen stand right behind she . they all know she be lie . connie I be so glad you come for a little while , and thank you . albuquerque I could just sit where I be . I be not bother anybody . that guy ask everybody question make more noise than I ever do . you see I there . you sign this program . a man walk into the group . man miss connie , you be next . connie smile and squeeze albuquerque be hand . connie oh , honey , I gotta go . thanks for come . you read what I write you now . albuquerque I do . you say , ' you friend , connie . ' connie have disappear and the police start to usher out albuquerque . she try to see and hear as : 97 int . opera - stage area - night connie White start to sing . she do a few of she tune . CUT to : 98 ext . opera - night tricycle man be the first to leave . he 's with L.A. joan . after they drive away , there be a exodus . 99 int . opera - night after everyone else have go , kenny sit alone in the audience . intercut with sequence in opera : 100 int . sueleen' motel apartment - night sueleen be in she mirror apply a whole face base upon the star of the forty . she be listen to the opera on the radio and eat pork and bean and tuna from can . her room be till with photograph of herself and Catholic symbol . she go to the closet and select a gown . she be prepare a outfit and face for the benefit . CUT to : 101 int . baptist hospital - baahara jean' room we hear the tail end of connie white's song on the radio . barnett be intently listen . barbara jean would you turn that off he continue to listen until the end . barbara jean barnett , please - barnett what 's wrong honey . barbara jean I do not want to listen to she sing - barnett do not feel that way , honey . barbara jean then why be you listen to she - barnett well , I have to go thank she for fill in and it 's nice to know the tune she sing . barbara jean you have to what ? barnett go to the King of the Road and thank she . barbara jean get up out of bed . barbara jean well here , why do not you take she some of this flower while you be at it . she begin pull flower from various vase . barbara jean maybe you would like to work out something with she , too ... Split we up ... her on the road and I in town or in the hospital -- ( she wail ) barnett ! she sit down on the floor at the foot of the bed and begin to cry . barnett back off . if she be hope for understanding , she be not about to receive it . barnett what the hell be wrong with you ? huh ? he bend down and look at she with the eye of a race horse owner whose investment just collapse in the stretch . barnett wait a minute . you be not go nutsey on I , be you ? huh ...? you be not go to have one of that nervous breakdown or anything , be you ? afraid she have go too far , barbara jean stop cry and try to make everything all right . but she be still choke in she own panic of be leave . barbara jean a ... no ... no , I be just ... I be really fine ... I just . ( she get up ) do not want you to think I be give up or anything like that ... barnett look at she as if from now on he will suspect she of secretly be crazy . he begin to pick up the flower from the floor . barnett I will just take this on over to she . show she you appreciation . barbara jean crawl numbly back into she bed , nodd affirmatively . barbara jean sure ... you go on and do that . she begin to shiver . barnett look at she , but he make no attempt to come any closer . barbara jean ( very small ) barnett ? he lean in and pat she arm gingerly . barnett I will tell she thank you , for you . barbara jean nod affirmatively , still shiver . barbara jean ( please hold I voice ) barnett ? barnett what ? she sense he can not go any further . barbara jean bye , bye . he look at she again and leave . barnett bye. bye . he be not out the door before the tear begin again and she turn into she pillow so he will not hear she . 102 int . hospital corridor GREEN have come from he wife 's room . he see barnett walk down the hall . after a moment 's deliberation , GREEN enter barbara jean be room . 103 int . barbara jean' room we see GREEN come in the door . barbara jean be sti1l try to control herself , but be not have much luck with it . barbara jean ( to the pillow ) I just get so afraid sometimes . then I get more afraid . : just want you to hold I . mr. GREEN can not bear what she 's say . he hesitates for a minute and then figure what the hell . GREEN hello . she freeze , think barnett have come back and she will be discount as totally insane . GREEN be I disturbing you ? barbara jean I be really all right , barnett . do not you worry really ... I just do not want you to leave I that 's all . she turn and scream at GREEN . barbara jean oh , my God . she scare GREEN , too , but he recover better . GREEN oh , honey , I do not mean to scare you . barbara jean how do you come in here ? GREEN well , my wife , ester 's down the hall . I see barnett leave and I be just talk to ester about you be here . she love you so much , I just have to come down and say hello . we have be follow you since you be a girl . well , I just scared you to death . I do not mean to do that . she listen to he . the word somehow comfort she and she begin to laugh . barbara jean well , I guess you catch I at a weak moment . GREEN you will have to speak up . realizing he can not hear too well make she feel a little more secure . barbara jean ( louder ) I say , I have be real tired . GREEN eater say she do not see how you do it . barbara jean ( loudly ) what 's wrong with she . GREEN oh just about everything , I guess . that doctor start on a overhaul and do not want to quit . they keep take thing out . she 's go to come home a egg shell . tough , though .. she 's tough . barbara jean what do you say you name be ? GREEN Green . barbara jean well , Mr. Green , you tell that doctor to stop that whittling and get she some vitamin E . have she take that three time a day , along with some good meal . if I could cook for she , she would be well in a minute . a nurse enter . nurse well , Mr. Green . GREEN hi , sherry . nurse how would you get in here . barbara jean it 's fine . we be just talk about vitamin S . GREEN I will go on . ester '1l be very glad . barbara jean you remember what I say about the vitamin . she watch as he leave , sorry to see he go . CUT to : 104 int . linnea' house - night linnea be get ready for bed . she wish tom would call . the phone ring . linnea hello . woman' voice linnea ? linnea ( disappointed ) yes . woman' voice you sound different . be that really you ? linnea it 's I . what be it ? woman' voice can you make a rehearsal in the morning ...? courtland want to ... linnea what time ? woman' voice eight -thirty in the chapel . linnea I will be there . she hang up and sigh . CUT to : 105 int . king of the road lounge - night norman and bill be there . a entertainer be sing the connie white song that connie be do at the Opera . bill be eager to know where mary be . norman maybe she 's at the Opera . bill why the hell would she be there ? norman shrug . 106 new angle bill you know goddamn well where she be . barnett , with the flower , enter and sit in the lounge . 107 another angle it be get crowded by people return from the Opera . opal be on one of the house phone , talk to Paris . we can also hear the house phone operator behind the switchboard desk . opal speak in a combination of English and french . she be not say much in one language and she might just be talk to the operator , but be sound impressive . 108 new angle connie white and she group step into the lobby . the mc in the lounge , spot she and coax she into take the stage and sing one of she hit . when she finish , barnett walk up and thanks she , hand she the flower . meanwhile , haven , who be there with bud and pearl , tell triplette that connie and barbara jean will replace each other , but never appear on the same bill . after barnett exit , connie leave with haven , bud , pearl and triplette . opal be still on the phone , now speak in ita1ian . 109 new angle as connie and group step out of the lounge , mary enter . bill and norman see she . bill react . end of tuesday . CUT to : 110 various shot - morning church bell ringing . 111 ext . street - morning tricycle man drive past the different church . 112 ext . baptist church - morning delbert enter with he two kid . albuquerque watch . 113 int . baptist church - morning delbert sit . haven and bud be among that in attendance . CUT to : 114 ext . black church - morning tricycle man drive by as tommy brown enter . 115 int . black church - morning tommy sit . linnea sing in the all - black choir . opal be there with she tape recorder do research . 116 int . catholic church - morning we see the tricycle man outside . present inside be sueleen , STAR , pearl and WADE . 117 int . baptist hospital - morning a small chapel service for patient and family . feature be barbara jean , barnett , GREEN and glenn . CUT to : 118 int . king of the road motel room - morning bill and mary be have a violent fight , break dish and all . bill throw something else . bill bastard mary stop it ! she spin he around , but he toss she onto the bed . he call she all kind of thing . the phone ring . bill want it to be tom , so he can yell at he , too . bill Tom ! triplette's voice no , ah , Bill ? bill what ? triplette's voice I be with ABC - tv . like to come up and talk to you for a minute if I could . bill start to laugh . triplette start to laugh . bill stop bill sure . he hang up the phone and go to the mirror , yell at mary . momentarily , there be a knock on the door . 119 new angle bill walk to the door and open it on triplette's sincere smile and extend hand . triplette hi. I be John triplette . bill hi. come on in . Mary ! triplette enter the room and start to take it in . mary come from the bathroom , she face swollen . bill and mary act as if nothing have happen . triplette hello . John triplette . mary hello . triplette glad to meet you . bill you want anything ? a drink ? triplette oh , no , listen , I do not want to take up too much of you time . bill do not you worry . we be just have a quiet Sunday at home . triplette laugh nervously . triplette well , I be here put together a show . it 's a benefit really . bill whose ? triplette hal Phillip Walker . mary oh , no . triplette he 's pretty well know down here . bill he 's pretty well know all over . triplette laugh again . bill and mary will be tough to convince . triplette I be wonder if you would like to be in it . it 's go to be televise and ... bill light a cigarette and take a shot of tequilla out of the bottle on the floor . bill what 's he run for ? triplette President . mary ( horrify ) President ? bill when be it ? triplette Wednesday at the park . we have get a lot of name come in ... mary for he ? triplette yes . mary smile . mary well , we can not . we be register Democrats . bill ignore she . bill National television ? triplette ABC . bill how much ? triplette minimum . mary look at bill . mary we can not support he we be register Democrats . bill begin the fight again . bill it 's a appearance . it have nothing to do with support . I do not even like he . mary Bill , he 's a crazy man . triplette move in fast . triplette well , he - express a particular wish to have you on . they stop and look at he suspiciously . mary what for ? triplette you be real favorite of he . they seem to change viewpoint in a moment . mary you be kid . bill how come ? triplette settles in like they be old friend . triplette first you have to understand how much he admire you . mary and bill get catch up in the sincerity . triplette you sing for people and that 's what he 's about . he want to help people . especially now , you know . bill bypass all the talk about WALKER . bill where would he ever see we ? triplette ( bluff ) D.C. bill d.c.? tammany Hall ? he come there ? triplette sure thing . mary what National tv ...? triplette you be do some recording here , be not you ? mary a album . triplette might be good for you . bill take another shot of tequilla . bill we will sing . triplette shake he hand . triplette you do not know how pleased he will be . mary ( can not believe it ) what ! bill ignore she . bill okay . triplette okay . they shake . CUT to : 120 int . tom' motel room - day tom be have a serious attack of too much of everything . he take a handful of vitamin , some aspirin and follow it with a couple of upper . then he look for linnea be phone number . there be a knock on the door . tom come on in . norman enter and they shake . tom how 's you stomach ? norman pretty good . sure be surprised to hear from you . you talk to Bill ? tom not yet . listen , norman , I want ... norman they be look all over for you . do you have a copy of the album . tom hand over a copy of they last album . norman you know Bill be really mad at you . tom oh ? norman I mean ... tom Mary ? tom look norman down . norman cheerfully change the subject . norman you know , I have get my own act now . I be go on tour . tom have find the phone number and dial . tom good ... 121 int . linnea' house - day the phone ring but no one answer . 122 int . tom be room - day norman listen , Tom , I have a tour to drive . CUT to : 123 int . kenny' room - day we hear joan sing from she room . GREEN be dog be on the bed . kenny find a dime , then step into the hallway . 124 int . hallway kenny call he mother collect in Indiana . after the rundown with the operator , they finally speak . kenny Mom ? mother ( v.0 . ) I have be so worried , dear . where be you ? kenny Nashville . mother ( v.0 . ) oh ... well . kenny the car break down . mother ( v.0 . ) oh , well , I know that before you - even leave . I tell you , ' Kenny , that old nash will not make it down the road . ' but you have to go . kenny well , I get to Nashville . that 's pretty far . mother ( v.0 . ) next you will be sick . kenny I feel really good . mother ( v.0 . ) how be you go to pay when you get sick ? kenny I be in a rooming house with Mr. Green . mother ( v.0 . ) Green ? not Owen Green . Owen Green embezzle money from you grandfather kenny I do not know he first name . mother ( v.0 . ) Bet the sheet be grey . kenny no . no , they be white . he 's get a nice dog . mother ( v.0 . ) worst time at year for dog be when they get fungus . kenny fungus ? mother ( v.0 . ) he do not have fungus , do he ? kenny I do not think so . mother ( v.0 . ) well , you will get it , skin as sensitive as yours . kenny how do you know if they do ? he look suspiciously at the dog in he room . mother ( v.0 . ) weather 's be awful . all that bomb drop . it change we weather . sure not like the good old day . kenny ( still look at the dog ) do they hair fall out ? mother ( v.0 . ) you hair fall out ? just like you father . weak hair . kenny signal the dog to get off the bed . he 's get worried . L.A. joan will have wander in and out during this phone call . kenny listen . maybe I should go ... mother ( v.0 . ) I have be a Little dyspeptic . kenny I want to get the dog off my bed . mother ( v.0 . ) but , I will take some of that nyquil ... you know it put you right to sleep no matter what 's wrong , you go right off ... kenny be really impatient to get the dog oft he bed . kenny okay . I will be talk to you . mother ( v.0 . ) keep warm , dear . let I hear from you . kenny bye . mother ( v.0 . ) bye . 125 new angle kenny hang up the receiver and start for he room and the dog . L.A. joan come from she room and interrupt . she ask he where he 's go . kenny I have to try to get my car run . L.A. joan I will go with you . kenny well , okay ... CUT to : 126 ext . baptist church - day linnea have come to join delbert and the kid . they enter a ante room where coffee and snack be serve . 127 int . ante room - day albuquerque be eat everything in sight . linnea approach . linnea this you first time ? albuquerque be mouth be full and she nod , " yes . " linnea you be from out of town ? albuquerque yes . I be cut a record . linnea we have a Bible study meeting tonight if you would like to come . albuquerque be there food ? linnea no. albuquerque well , I just wonder ' cause be from out or town I would not be able to make anything . linnea no , that be social you be think of ... Saturday 's usually . the minister be nearby . minister this be you first time , be not it ? albuquerque yes sir . I be from tallahassee . minister I see . albuquerque and I want you to know I round Jesus today , right here . minister bless you . I hope we see you again , then . he walk to the next person . albuquerque pass linnea and delbert and go to the street . CUT to : 128 int . limo - afternoon norman be give triplette a tour . norman now in the cemetery Roy already have he stone , it 's a fiddle ... right as you drive in you can see it in front there . triplette oh ? norman lot of they do . fan start chipping at they , though .... johnny cash have a $ 100,000 fence around he house . well , the fan be steal the rock right out of it . Haven Hamilton have a $ 700,000 fence . it have spike . 129 new angle they pass a house with a red pickup truck in the driveway . norman that house over there be where I live . the one with the red truck . my aunt drive the school bus . 600 kid a day . triplette crane to look as a car with " just married " and " we have only just begin " paint on it drive by they . norman look at it , too . norman some black folk want to paint this car once . I do not let they . they also want I to kiss the bride . I decline . 130 new angle he make another turn on to a street that look like a series of park strung together . he slow down . norman in the city of Nashville , there be a total of hundred and twenty millionaire some of they inhabit this beautiful home site to make Nashville know as the athen of the South . here on the right you see the home of Haven Hamilton 's mother . he build it for she after he daddy pass away three year ago of lung cancer . Haven contribute time and money to the cancer foundation , now . you can see some of he record hand there in the live room . triplette struggle to see . norman pull up a little further and stop . norman look , now you can see it . sure enough you can . norman he get that one in 1962 . song call ' smokey heart . ' 131 another section 0f road - day the limo pass opal and continue down the road . 132 int . star' truck - interstate 40 - afternoon we see opal hitching a ride . he start past , but she yell , force he to stop . 133 new angle opal open the door and get in . opal you be not really go to drive off ? STAR just look at she . she smile back . opal my name 's opal . what 's yours ? STAR drive off . opal you go to Nashville ? he grunt . opal good . I come out here to meet some underground singer . they say she only write in that tree over there . there be a long pause . STAR do not respond , so opal continue . opal she never come . I be try to gather some information about the characteristic of music people for English television . I start in San Francisco . some friend be make a anti-war film about ' nam , you know , and I just love marine movie . it be really the consummate art form , all that part of the puzzle to make the whole . all that energy be collective , you know what I mean ? she remove same of she clothes because or the heat opal I have be all over the United States now except for Maine and vermont . STAR look at she body and change lane . opal what do you say you name be ? STAR Star . opal Star - oh ! that 's a fantastic name . almost as good as opal . I change my name in taos . this man that be really into low budget movie say my eye be opalistic . she reach over and turn on the radio . he reach over and turn it off . opal I be go to make the consummate documentary as soon as I finish gather information . you know it 's so nice not to feel oppress in a society that be male orient . STAR be you in music ? opal no , I tell you that . 134 ext . highway / star' truck the truck accelerate . opal ( 0.s. ) just live and then after that make the total documentary that will encompass everything . we see they pass kenny' nash . kemny and L.A. joan be there . 135 angle at nash all the door handle have be steal from the car . so have the radio and the steering wheel . there be a raw egg and a note that say , " ha-ha . " kenny be dumbfounded . kenny what the hell ? he open the trunk . there be several political poster and politically motivate material for WALKER . joan what 's this ? kenny replacement party . joan who 's that ? kenny a guy name Walker . amazing person . he 's develop a huge follow . joan how do you know ? kenny well I have be follow he around just listen to he -- he say he can really win -- I bet he can too - - joan you must really like he . kenny well , he 's really amazing . joan I have not get into politics yet . I be still into music -- except for you . you be into politics . kenny look at she for a minute . 136 angle on highway - sunset the tricycle man pass by the car . end of sunday . CUT to : 137 tnt . green' boarding house - morning kenny be on the hall phone . outside we hear the tricycle . kenny have a stack of dime and in call wreck yard people , man ( v.0 . ) wreck . kenny ah , hello . my name be Kenneth Fraser ... and I be here from Terre haute , Indiana . ah , listen ... somebody steal my handle . man ( v.0 . ) we do not mess with accessory . kenny oh , well , thanks . ah , oh , maybe you know where ... the man have hang up . kenny draw a line through he name and dial again . 138 int . L.A. joan be room - day during kenny' call , joan be dress in a hurry . 139 hallway man ( v.0 . ) part . kenny do you carry door handle ? man ( v.0 . ) what kind ? kenny nash . man ( v.0 . ) what year ? kenny sixty -three . suddenly there be another person 's voice on the line . operator ( v.o. ) Excuse I . I have a emergency phone call for 228-5128 from the Nashville Baptist hospital . man ( v.0 . ) what ? kenny sure . Ill take it . I will call back on the handle . the man hang up . nothing else happen . kenny hey , when do they come on ? operator ( v.0 . ) you have to hang up . kenny oh. kenny he do and the phone ring . hello ? doctor ( v.0 . ) I be sorry to break in , but be Mr. Green there ? kenny no , but I can give he a message . doctor ( v.0 . ) I see ... well , he wife just die . kenny oh my God ! doctor ( v.0 . ) we be very sorry . thanks . as he hang up , joan appear with she transistor . she be quite in a hurry . kenny I think you be at the hospital with you uncle ! she ignore he . kenny listen , you aunt ester just die . I be ... sorry ... listen , I really feel bad now about last night ... we have no ... joan I be in a hurry , gonna see this great group record at woodland . kenny I mean , Mr. Green be so nice to I . he take I in and ... joan I do not really know what you be talk about . and she be go . kenny ( still daze ) I have get to get a hold of Mr. Green . CUT to : 140 int . woodland studio -- studio a - day tom be sing alone . L.A. joan enter the studio and begin talk to one of the engineer . when tom finish she enter the booth . joan hope you do not mind I come . I just love you music . 141 int . hallway norman , bill and mary enter the studio . 142 int . studio a the studio door be burst open on tom who be sing . bill be force to stand still . tom do not look up until he in finish . tom howdy . bill where the hell have you be ? tom and mary bounce a look , she face be a little discolor . tom you guy be have any fun ? he get up and start out the door . bill be very anxious . bill where be you go ? tom to the bathroom . he go through the swinging door . bill hat ! 143 int . hallway tom be on the phone . mary make she way toward he back . there be no answer to he call , so he hang up and face she . mary hi. Long pause . tom you look terrific . another pause . bill stick he head out from the studio room . bill hey ! tom it 's the de mother . mary walk pant tom into the studio room . tom hold up a finger to indicate he will be a minute and walk toward the bathroom . mary reach bill . bill come on , dammit . they want to check level . L.A. joan go and wait outside the bathroom . when tom come out they exit together . 144 int . studio a mary be at she mike with she instrument . the engineer ask for a level so bill and mary sing they hit song . when they finish , bill where be he ! CUT to : 145 int . baptist hospital - barbara jean be room - day barbara jean be sit at the foot of the bed . a nurse in there talk to barnett . nurse the doctor be out of town . barnett I know that and do not you worry , I be go to get she right into bed . nurse she must rest . barnett I have this release form sign by the floor doctor . the phone ring . barnett yes . triplette ( v.0 . ) barnett , John triplette . how 's she do ? barnett she 's fine . triplette well , I just think I would call . barnett well , you do and she 's fine . thanks . he hang up . the nurse be read the form . barbara jean be go through the flower ... she find glenn be and read the note . nurse well , I do not know . barnett I have a nurse wait for she in the bus . barbara jean who bring this ? nurse I do not remember see that . barnett somebody bring they . come on , honey , let 's go . she put they on the gurney with the other . barbara jean well , thank you all so much . you tell the other lady thank you . nurse well all right . as they start out , delbert enter . reese how be she ? barnett a little slow , but she will be fine . reese have you talk to triplette ? barnett who the hell be he ? reese he 's lining up talent for hal Phillip Walker . barnett who the hell be he ? reese he 's go to run for president . barnett third party ? reese he have that sign with the tree . barnett what do he want ? reese Barbara Jean . barnett what ! reese that 's what he want . barnett you know better than that . reese it 's on National television , barnett . barnett I do not care . she 's always be neutral in politics and that 's not go to change . there be a pause . barnett and reese have be talk away from barbara jean . reese well , how about the shopping center ? barnett yes . she 's pretty rest up . reese okay , then we will see you there . barnett okay . reese leave . barnett return to barbara jean and the nurse . barnett okay , come on , honey . how be you feel ? 146 int . Hospital reception room - day barnett and barbara jean come from the elevator . glenn be there write . he see she , as barrett and barbara jean leave , GREEN arrive with flower for he wife . he see barbra jean and hand she a flower . GREEN you go today ? barbara jean ( loudly ) thank you -- yes , I be . GREEN I will tell ester , she will be thrilled I see you again . barbara jean ( loudly ) you get she that vitamin E right away . GREEN ( show she the bottle ) I get they right here . barbara jean feel barnett be impatience to go . barbara jean well , bye , bye now . we have to go . GREEN bye , bye . she go on out the door as he walk to the desk . 146a new angle GREEN where have you get she hide today ? he hand the nurse a flower . she look up in disbelief . nurse Mr. Green ? GREEN yes , mar 'am . how be you today ? nurse do not you get ?... how be you ? GREEN I be fine . can I go up ? nurse let I see if I can get the doctor hold on one second . she make several phone call and can not locate anyone . she sigh and hang up . GREEN you want I to wait ? nurse no. Mr. Green , I do not know how to tell you this -- you wire pass away -- I think they would call you at home . GREEN have and have not hear . GREEN what ? nurse ( louder ) you wire ester - she pass away . he be stunne . nurse if you will wait just a minute I will get everything from the business office . 146b another angle he wander to the wait area . glenn have be look out the window at barbara jean get into the bus . he come back and begin to talk to GREEN so catch up in she he do not register GREEN be grief . glenn ( loudly ) my mamma use to know she ... they live next door to each other ... she say she be always nursing the sick animal . GREEN look at he and nod . he 's still get the vitamin in he hand . glenn I really learn all about she from my momma -- she 's be save this scrap book about she since she get to be famous . GREEN nod . glenn the one thing she say to I when I join be " when you be do you travel you be sure you see Barbara Jean . you do not have to say anything about I but you be sure you see she . " so that 's what I have be do . now I be go to hitch a ride so I can see she in Memphis . GREEN nod . glenn you give my test to you wife1 GREEN nod and put the vitamin in he pocket as the nurse call from the desk . nurse Mr. Green , the doctor be on he way and the business office have you bill ready . CUT to : 147 int . linnea' house - afternoon the phone ring several time before linnea answer it . linnea hello . 148 int . phone booth intercut : tom wow ! linnea what ? tom who be this , right ? I call you last night . linnea oh. tom I have get a gig tonight . linnea oh ? tom end of Church Street . next to a grocery store . linnea do not it have a name ? tom I can not remember . in out / out in , something like that . around eight . 149 int . linnea' house again she be leave with a dead receiver . 150 int . phone booth tom exit . behind he be percy Warner Park and the parthenon . L.A. joan be with tom . CUT to : 151 int . hall - night sueleen work she way through a crowd of man try to get into the banquet hall . there be a sign that say " benefit banquet . " sueleen finally make it through the crowd and enter the room . 152 int . banquet eall - might she walk past the table and step on the stage . she check the curtain to find that there be no backstage . she enter the kitchen . 153 int . kitchen - night sueleen almost trip over reese and triplette and another man who be talk . sueleen hi , I be sueleen Gay . triplette I be John triplette . Excuse I . I get all catch up in look at you . you will be fine . sueleen oh , why thank you . triplette May I see you costume ? she remove she coat and expose a costume that look like a picture of a frosty glass or gin and tonic on a hot day . tiriplette stare blatantly and reese can hardly keep he hand off she . sueleen start into she routine as a matter of survival . sueleen you like it ? listen , where be the pianist ? I need to go over this with he . she hand over a stack of music . sueleen you all do not say what you want to hear . triplette smile . sueleen someday I be gonna be a star like Barbara Jean . triplette put he arm around she and walk off . 154 new angle triplette sueleen , you be prettier and probably sing better . besides , she be unusually sick . and tonight you have the opportunity to work in front of some grateful gentleman . they continue to walk past the many place . triplette have you ever do this before ? she shake she head , " no " quite catch up in air . triplette well , it 's not too hard . you will sing whatever it be you want to sing . they will applaud like crazy ' cause I can tell they that you be really something and then the piano and drum will give you a little fanfare and you can sing and take off you clothes or not sing . it really do not make much difference , really . but since you have never do this before , sing might help . they be near three enormous beef leg wait to go into the oven . triplette now this be to raise fund for someone who can help people who be less fortunate than yourself . the more you take off , you see , more money we can raise . sueleen ( like a robot ) I see . triplette I know that you be a artist and I be sure you be very religious . she nod " yes . " triplette well , this be for people who have a kind of religious belief in the way they live . 155 new angle the waiter come in to serve the salad and the roll and the chef start to carve the meat . we follow one of the waiter into the banquet hall . 156 int . banquet hall - night it be almost full . the pianist and the drummer be on the non - stage . at the far end of the roam , we see someone enter from the street , go to the sign and read it . 157 new angle - doorway and corridor it be albuquerque read " banquet . " the door to the room close and she go down another corridor and disappear . 158 int . banquet room - later that night the man have finish they dinner and sueleen finish she song . the applause be thunderous . sueleen look to the kitchen door . 159 angle at kitchen door triplette be applaud like crazy . reese in beside he . 160 angle at sueleen she blow kiss then run to triplette . sueleen do not you think they would just love another song instead ? triplette now , sueleen , you know that 's not what we talk about right here in this very room . it 's too late . the announcer speak . announcer we be ready to striiippppp ... for cash , gentleman . the time have come to dig deep . we little sueleen in go to dig deep for you . there be a few chortle . suddenly she freeze . triplette hold she and kiss she hair . page miss 165 new angle triplette encase she in she coat . triplette yell something about bring she clothes as the audience go crazy . 166 new angle albuquerque be totally fascinate and delighted , applaud to the point of almost give herself away . she pick up sueleen be clothes . CUT to : 167 int . car - near demow' den - night reese drive susleen home . he be drunk . he double-park . reese here we be , sueleen . she look out the window and nod . he get out and open the door as lady pearl walk past they on she way to the lounge . STAR drive up behind reese's double - park ear and have to move around it . sueleen start for she room , but reese follow very close . finally , he turn she around . reese sueleen ... sueleen Gay . his look say what he want . she be terrify . sueleen oh , no . she start to walk quickly , but he grab she arm . reese wait a minute ! I want to look at you . c'mon . sueleen oh , please , oh , God . he push she against one or the storefront . reese c'mon ! I just wanna look ... he squeeze she arm and she scream . 167 continued : reese good . I wanna look really good . you know what I mean ? do you ? huh ? she be about to pass out from terror , when all or a sudden he ease of . 168 new angle the tricycle man stand and watch a few foot away . sueleen be terror now be divide between the two man . reese can not handle the way the tricycle man look at all . reese oh. he release sueleen , turn and run up the street . she slide down and hug herself . the tricycle man do not move . sueleen it will be okay ... it will be okay ... I know it will be fine ... after a while , she pull herself up and start up the stair to she room . the tricycle man watch until she be go , then walk across the street . ( ( the following be intercut with banquet ) 169 int . exit inn - night tom enter with L.A. joan . the place in crowded . WADE sit at a table with linnea . she have not see tom . WADE I be in prison for twenty - eight year . linnea oh. WADE premeditated murder . linnea oh. WADE just get out . have I thirteen lawyer . miss the electric chair twice . .. be out three month . be you heavy ? linnea I be not sure ... WADE I be forty - six . do you like to go up or down ? linnea what ? WADE High ? do you ever get high ? a walk on the wild side . ever do dust ? before tom can sit down he be call on stage by the mc . also present be bill , mary and norman , talk about norman be act and opal , who interview they . linnea see tom . WADE all I need be fifteen minute a night . linnea Fifteen minute ? WADE sleep . that 's all I need . do not want to waste no time sleep . you marry ? linnea what ...? 0h , yes . WADE not I . ai not never love anybody . ai not never be marry . wo not either . 170 angle toward stage tom stand at the mike . tom good evening . thanks . I use to be part of a group . you remember ? everybody laugh . ton well , they be here , Bill and Mary . we be cut a record here . so far , they have do all the work . it 's a accident they be here . I have be hide from they for day now , right ? everybody laugh . bill you bet you sweet ass . everyone laugh . 171 angle - linnea and WADE she in lose in the sound of he voice . WADE you know who that be ? linnea yea . WADE I see . 172 angle - stage WADE tom call bill and mary to the stage . the three of they burst into : " since you have go . " when they finish , bill and mary sit down again . tom I would like to sing a new song for you . I throw away a good one I write yesterday . maybe it be the day before -- anyway .. let 's go here , ' I be easy . ' 173 new angle tom seem to know where linnea be sit and direct the song to she . after he finish , he give the guitar back to its owner and join l.-a . joan to walk out . 174 new angle WADE start in again . WADE Love , that 's a word that 's be overuse . I will say I sure like you . maybe ... linnea be wiping she eye with a hanky . a large group of people start out the door , among they tom and L.A. joan . tom steer himself and joan to linnea be table . bill and mary catch he there . all the while he be talk to they , he write a note and place it in linnea be lap . opal walk past tom . they look at each other . bill listen , we be suppose to sing on tv day after tomorrow . at the park ... tom National ? bill yes. percy Warner Park '. mary where be you stay ? tom be that for that Walker guy ? bill yes , but we be just sing . mary Sue be try to get hold of you . tom come on . he 's a crook . bill what crook ? WADE I be a Roman Catholic . you be Baptist , I bet . Catholic mean universal , everything , know what I mean ? she nod again . she can not make out the write with out she glass and she do not want to put they now . WADE I be a scholar of the Bible as well and we be all go to answer to God . have you read the book of revelation ? she nod ' yes . ' WADE you ever read the ' apocalypse unseal ? ' she be too curious . she take out she glass and look through they lorgnette style as WADE continue to talk . tom I be not come anywhere near that place . he 's a rotten guy . mary that 's not true . tom he 's a politician . bill he see we at tammany Hall . tom the Hell he do . look , I will see you in the morning . mary really ? tom you bet . nine , right ? but count I out of that other thing . 175 new angle tom take L.A. joan and leave . linnea panic , bill burn , opal and mary watch after tom , norman keep silent . WADE my mother . die in ' 72 . they tell I after . they say they could not find I before , so they tell we after . linnea what ? WADE they say go see the chaplain . linnea I be sorry but I have to go . she get up quickly and leave . everybody be go , too . WADE ( to self ) I be a hundred year old and when I be two hundred , I will die . CUT to : 176 ext . exit inn - as linnea hurry off , we see STAR sit in he pickup truck , watch and wait for albuquerque . end of monday . CUT to : 177 ext . highway - at kenny' cafe - morning the tricycle man be help kenny fix the car , change tire , etc . kenny be under the hood . when he come out , kenny tell the tricycle man how grateful he be and that he would not know what to do if he have not show up . the tricycle man just finish the job . CUT to : 178 ext shopping CENTER parking lot - day a platform have be erect in the center of the parking lot . barbara jean be bus be park nearby . there be a large crowd , and several people gather around the platform . glenn be among they so be triplette , reese and opal . Radio station personnel and musician prepare for the show . finally , the bus door open and barnett lead barbara jean to the platform . the musician start and she sing . the sound come from many huge speaker and people come from store and shop to hear . barbara jean segues from one song to another . 179 new angle barnett stand to the side , talk to various people triplette pull he sleeve . barnett well , for heaven 's sake . you be just about everywhere , be not you ? thiplette I come out to see how you all be do . barnett I think I should tell you I know why you be here . the answer be no ... we do not get involved in politics . triplette ( laugh good - naturedly ) well , that 's not entirely true , barnett . at least not accord to Haven . barnett Haven ? Hell , ' we have be play poker together since we be fourteen . triplette I guess that 's why he think you right want to help out . barnett he know better . triplette well , it 's probably because it would help he . barnett how be that ? triplette everybody like to be as good as they word . barnett whose word ? triplette his Word . barnett his word ? be you tell I Haven promise you something ? triplette that 's pretty close . he 's go to be on the bill . why not put Barbara Jean on with he ? triplette's last sentence be catch in silence as barbara jean have stop sing in the middle of a phrase . 180 new angle she hold the mike and look at barnett . barbara jean barnett .. she faint . there in a moment of confusion , then glenn be on the stage protectively as the musician clear the people out 181 new angle barnett vault through the crowd push triplette aside . barnett get she foot up . he pull himself on the stage . she be come to and see glenn be face look at she and rub she hand . barnett okay , honey . he carry she to the bus . triplette be force to watch from a distance . 182 int . bus - day barbara jean have come to and she and barnett be alone in the back of the bus . he study she carefully for a minute and then decide she will be all right . barbara jean oh , barnett , I be so sorry . barnett honey , it 's okay ... how do you feel now ? barbara jean all that people ... she fight back the tear . barnett do not worry , I will take care or it barbara jean you be so good . he blow she a kiss and step from the bus . 183 ext . bus - day barnett send the nurse inside . glenn have push to front of the crowd . barhett grab a hand mike . barnett she 's fine now , folk . just too soon after the hospital , I guess . ( he pause ) she will not be able to continue and she 's in the bus cry she eye out , because she do not want to disappoint the people who love she the most . there be a group groan . barnett look for some under- stand but there be none . there be several catcall and glenn , who in near barnett , become so enraged , he try to find the caller . there be almost a fight , but triplette intervene . he glance to glenn . triplette come on , come on . you do not want to waste you energy on that fool . 184 new angle catcall continue from other part of the audience . triplette shout against glenn , who have turn he intensity to the crowd glenn she 's frail . you never see anybody so frail . I have see she breathe hard just stand still , dammit . you be selfish . worst selfish I have ever hear . what if she die ? would you like that ? you would probably say she fake it so they could make money . well , you be just dumb . 185 new angle triplette we could invite they to the park . barnett what ? triplette they can come to the concert in the park . barnett I say ' no !' barnett study the angry crowd then triplette , who be hold back glenn against they . the crowd be even more angry barnett ( to crowd ) we be very sorry ... please ... if you will listen . ( he make the decision ) you can see she tomorrow at percy Warner Park ... glenn have disengage from triplette be hold and push he way to the back . barnett triplette , I want to talk to you . move closer . barnett I get trap and you know it , so let 's have some rule . triplette absolutely . listen , barnett , I understand you position . barnett no , you do not , so do not say you do . bunch of damn liar . what do you get out or this ? triplette nothing ; barnett . it 's my job . barnett you job , huh . he remove a pen and paper and write down the follow as he speak . barnett she will not appear on the stage or support that Walker guy and you can not have any of he sign up while she sing . she will be on first and out of the park before he show up . there will be no picture , no question , no answer or tie she name up with he now or in the future to come . any money she make will go to the President of the United States . he call over he secretary and make triplette sign the statement . then the secretary sign . barnett we will see you tomorrow . I will send she three song over this afternoon . she will be do about ten minute after she start and Walker better not show up till she 's through . now , get out of here . triplette extend he hand expect friendship . barrett ignore it . as triplette leave , a man who have be after barnett be attention step up . barnett turn to he secretary . man barnett ? barnett ( sharply ) what ? man well , barnett , I have this terrific song I have be work on . it would be a natural for Barbara Jean . like you to take a look at it . barnett look at he suspiciously . barnett I be very busy right now . ( to secretary ) get I Haven . man it will just take a minute . here , I will even hold it for you . babnett sigh and skim over the paper . song steal be the same as horse steal to barnett . he become enraged . barnett I do not know where you get this , but something tell I you steal it and I hate thief . the man take the paper back and try to walk away from he -- barnett yell after he . barnett be not you a engineer ...? I know you -- do not you work at one of that cut a record place ...? twenty - five buck a shot , be not it ? usually they last twenty - five ... the man back up and barnett follow he . they have enter the crowd . the mab start to run . barnett run after he . when the man get into the car . barnett pick up a rock , throw it and hit the windshield with it . the car misfire but finally start .. as the man drive off , barnett stand watch until he 's out of sight . CUT to : ( ( the following be intercut with the shopping CENTER ) 186 ext . fairground - day we see a fairground , then a roller rink , and a wrestle ring , and finally a small portable stage in the center of a circular track . the grandstand be partially rule and stock car roar from another part or the field ; around the stage -we see a sign that say , " talent show tonight " and we see the contestant and the mc , and norman do a routine with a accordion player . after norman finish , the NC take the mike . mc thank you , Mr. berguan . and now we bring you , ' albuquerque . ' 187 new angle albuquerque walk to the mike . albuquerque hello , everybody . my name be albuquerque . there be - a few nasty remark . albuquerque I be go to sing a wonderful tune . she start to sing , " you be a Old smoothie , " and as she do the stock car leave the pit and drive to the entrance of the track . alebuquerque , disturb at first , sing louder . the car be wait for the talent show to set off the track . 188 new angle albuquerque start to take off she clothes . the mc have not notice , but the grandstand have . people shout , " take it off ... " albuquerque love it . before albuquerque can remove the last two garment , the mc rush over and grab the mike . mc we would 1ike~to announce the winner of tonight 's contest . albuquerque , how about some applause for a darling little lady albuquerque oh , I be not through . mc that 's all , folk . the stand be call to have she take it all off and she fellow contestant be furious . raven , bud and pearl be there and they discuss she act . mc here be the twenty dollar first prize money and a seat in the grandstand and now let 's turn the show over to Al Allen in the race stand . he shut oft the mike . 189 new angle - track the stock car start around the track and stop in front or the race announcer . al congratulation to albuquerque and welcome , everyone , to the Memorial Race for billy Apple , who die a week ago in a wreck at this very track , and we want you to know he last word be , ' be the other fellow all right ? ' a wave of applause and we see the talent show make its way across the rack . the platform be already tear down and the mc be help albuquerque dress . as she pass the driver , they cheer and she blow they a kiss and lose she first garment as she do . more cheer . 190 new angle the car be dent . on the side of one car it say , " Haven Hamilton , " and now we see he , bud and pearl in the stand . on the side of another car it say , " connie White . " al want you all to save a dime every day and next Saturday we will take up a collection and give it all to billy Apple 's wife . share . they four kid will sure miss they daddy . want to announce Bob trilltree be out of the hospital now . hope you will be back with we soon . all right , would you stand , please ? the people stand to a scratchy record of the National anthem . a '74 pontiac circle the track with a man hold a medium -size american flag which flap as the convertible drive .. at the end of the song the pontiac drive off the track . al this be for billy Apple . okay , lady and gentleman , let 's pick ourselves a winner . 191 new angle the driver get into they car and start up . the track man wave a flag which start they around the track in pair . we notice the tricycle man , who have be there all the time . the race start and the SOUND be deafen . albuquerque be thrilled to death . suddenly , STAR sneak up on she as she whistle with she finger in she mouth . STAR winifre . albuquerque hi! Star . STAR winifre , the kid want you home and so do I . albuquerque I win first prize . STAR come on . she have no choice but to follow he out . several people compliment she as she leave the grandstand . she busy a bag of peanut on the way out . 192 int . tom' motel room CUT to : there be some lovemake go on in Tom 's bed . tom you be really terrific , you know what I mean -- linnea roll over and face he . linnea I have to go . tom wrong . linnea I have to go . he sigh . tom I know . she make a more to leave . tom stay . linnea I can not . tom car pool ? she laugh and ease out of the bed . tom when do you think it would happen ? linnea I be not sure . tom I know when I first meet you . linnea oh. she start to go into the bathroom . tom how old be you ? linnea older . tom thirty ? linnea well ... tom I be twenty - eight linnea oh. tom older than thirty ? she nod . tom terrific ! who be that black guy ? a friend of yours ? linnea that 's unkind . tom come on , you ever be attract to a black guy ? she look at he close , then go into the bathroom and shut the door . 193 int . motel bathroom - afternoon we hear tom make a phone call . linnea grab a towel and wrap it around she head and throw back the shower curtain , only to find a huge black cockroach in the tub . tom laugh as she shut the curtain in horror , then she proceed to take a sponge bath . she leave the bathroom quickly . 194 int . motel room - afternoon tom be still on the phone . linnea dress , but can not find she slip . she finish and head for the door . tom ( into phone ) just a minute . he step to linnea and put he arm around she . tom I will talk to you tomorrow . linnea that 's what you say before . tom I know . Goodbye . he kiss she and walk back to the bed . as she get to the door , she be hit with something , it be she slip . tom maybe you better keep that . he smile and she walk out the door . 195 ext . tom' motel room - afternoon outside , linnea hang the slip on the doorknob and leave . CUT to : 196 int . green' bedroom - night GREEN be in bed . kenny take away a tray of cookie and hot chocolate . you okay ? GREEN sure ... you be a fine boy , Ken , you really be . kenny okay ... you get to sleep . I will see you in the morning . good night . GREEN good night , kenny turn out the light and call the dog . GREEN settles into he pillow . end of tuesday . CUT to : 197 ext . cemetery - morning a small , empty last rite for mrs . GREEN . kenny and GREEN be at the grave . in the distance , the tricycle man watch . GREEN I guess she 's not come ... CUT to : 198 ext . pathenon - morning preparation for the big televise rally . CUT to : 199 ext . percy warner park - day outside the parthenon , kenny , with he violin case , wait for some food at the barbecue . albuquerque's who have fle STAR again , wait near he . barnett be talk to reese . 200 another angle triplette be at the stair . glenn be try to get past a guard and finally triplette recognize he from the shopping center , help he in . they enter the stair area , near all the tv cable and equipment . 201 new angle they approach barbara jean , who be talk to musician . bill and mary be there with norman , and linnea be sing on stage with the black choir . tommy now step up to talk to barbara jean . 202 new angle glenn be lose in barbara jean be magic . she smile at he , but in talk to haven , bud and pearl and look for barnett . triplette walk by glenn . glenn listen , could you give she this for I ? triplette take a note from glenn . triplette sure thing . glenn thanks . triplette triplette hand she the note as barrett angrily step up . someone call " place . " barnett they screw up . you go on after the choir . tommy brown join linnea and the choir on stage . we see tom wander and avoid bill , but catch mary be eye . opal be near as be LA joan . barbara jean read glenn be note : " if I die tomorrow , I live today . " 203 new angle the applause build . announcer lady and gentleman , miss Barbara Jean ... the audience be sweep away . 204 new angle in the audience we see kenny and the tricycle man and WADE . sueleen be there , too . 205 another angle -- stage area as barbara jean sing , glenn stand next to barnett . she finish the song and look in glenn be direction . 206 angle - barbara jean she be lean on a stool . barbara jean I want to thank you for all you good wish . you be so important to barnett and I . now I want to sing a special song for all we soldier boy . the orchestra start . she call for haven to come out . the applause swell and , they start a song together . 207 ext . front of park - day a long black limo be park near two ambulance , the attendant sit on the ambulance fender and joke . 208 angle - stage barbara jean and haven have finish the soldier song . the choir come out to back she now . the audience pick up the song they sing . after the song everyone clap loudly , and a large bouquet of flower get hand up to barbara jean . they hug as someone begin to unfurl a " hal philip WALKER " banner behind they . photographer crowd in . suddenly there be a sharp jolt in haven be body and barbara jean be down . there be brief confusion , but the choir continue to sing and everyone think barbara jean have faint again . 209 new angle the confusion mount as both haven and barbara jean be down and there be flower lie all over the place haven barnett ! my God , barnett I be shot ! triplette run up the stair and the choir continue . barnett yell for they to stop . he and barnett be over barrara jean , while guard and bud attend to haven . triplette she 's ... oh , my God ... there 's blood here ... ( take mike ) lady and gentleman , I do not know what to say . 210 angle - audience there be a voice among the noise that shout : I could have get that Walker bastard before . I have be closer , closer than this , but my nash break down and somebody keep steal my thing . I want to get he the day before , then Mr. Green 's wire die , so this be the right time . I love the President of the United States . I love he . Guards grab the speaker , kenny , in a instant . he shoot a policeman 's foot by accident . Men swallow he up . someone yell , " sing . " 211 angle - stage the choir have no direction to go in . alruquerque suddenly be with microphone .. she start to do " it do not worry I . " the rest of the singer join in . 212 ext . percy WALKER park - day barnett lead the stretcher to one or the ambulance . he do not allow haven to enter . barnett have you friend triplette take you to the hospital . a man walk up from the limo . it be WALKER . triplette be near . WALKER what would she do , faint again ? I be get tired of wait in the car . triplette turn and belt he . CUT to : 213 int . ambulance - day as it speed to the hospital . barnett be calm . he know none of it matter anyway . 214 ext . street - day the tricycle man follow the ambulance , then head off onto the highway to Memphis . we see STAR be truck go toward the parthenon . 215 ext . parthenon we see STAR be truck arrive and park . he get out , as the music and chaos swell . end credit fade out .