national lampoon be April 14 , 1989 wo how vacation iit the griswold family christmas a male voice sing " oh , come all ye faithful " fade up . ext . countryside - morning currier and ive country . Rolling hill , firm stand of pine and hardwood , barn and bridge . beauty roar a new , aerodynamically - style Road Queen family taurus with simulate wood panel hugging the sleek curve . the song continue . the voice belong to clark W. griswold , JR . clark ( v.0 . ) joyful and tri-uuuuuuuum - phant , oh , come ye ... int . car Clark 's drive . his wife , ellen , be next to he . his fourteen - year- old daughter , audrey and twelve - year - old ellen 's look out the window . rusty and audrey be look out they window . Clark clear he throat and half - close he eye . he finish with a deep , majestic voice . son , rusty , be in the backseat . clark oh , co -o- of - I ye to be-e-ethlehem . a- moment of reverent silence . rusty ( after a pause ) dad ? can you explain again what we be do ? clark we be kick off we fun , old - fashioned family Christmas by head out into the country in the old front wheel drive sleigh to embrace the frosty majesty of the winter landscape and select that most important of Christmas symbol . ext . country road the Taurus drive through frame . truck pull out on the road . int . car audrey lean forward in she seat . a old , batter pickup ( continued ) 1 into this timeless 3 continued : audrey we be not drive . all the way out here so you can get one of that stupid tie with Santa clause on it be we ? clark nope . I have one of that at home . what we be look for today be the griswold family Christmas tree . Clark smile proudly . ext . road the pickup truck pull up behind the Taurus . int . car ellen be it much further , Clark ? clark Nah . Three maybe four more song and we will be there . audrey look at rusty and groan . audrey oh , no . Clark break into song once again . clark we wish you a merry Christmas , we wish you a merry Christmas ... ext . road - closeup - taurus the bent and rust-pitted front bumper of the pickup truck pull up within a few inch of the rear bumper of the Taurus . int . taurus Clark continue sing . clark we wish you a merry Christmas and a happy new year ... he glance in the rearview mirror . he stop 4 5 6 * 7 8 * sing . 10 11 12 13 14 o he Pov 9 ' the pickup truck crowd the mirror . int . car ~ clark and ellen 10 Clark speed up . ellen what 's the matter ? clark some jackass be riding my tail . ellen and the kid look around behind . the pickup horn blow . ellen slow down and let he pass . ext . highway 11 Clark slow down and the pickup pull around he . int . car : 12 Clark blast he horn and sneer as the pickup pull past he . ellen Clark ? do not provoke they . Clark flash he light and beeps he horn . clark hey , kid ! look ! a deer ! he point out the window . as the kid look , Clark flip the pickup a double bird . closeup clark he look at ellen and chuckle , proud of himself . he turn back from ellen and gasp . he stomp on the brake . he Pov 13 the pickup have jamme on its brake . the Taurus ride up close . int . car 14 the kid jerk forward . ellen be hurl forward . Clark grit he tooth and nearly bend the wheel over . 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 ext . pickup - truck 15 the farm pull away closeup - boy look out the rear window , laugh . they clark 16 he 's angry and commit to escalate the conflict . he hit the gas . ext . highway 17 the taurus squeal out , hot after the truck . int . car 18 ellen bark at Clark . ellen slow down ! clark you want to ride behind somebody * who do something like that ? I be * gonna get around he and leave he * safely behind we . * ( to rusty ) I be gonna burn some dust here . ( out the window ) eat my rubber ! he floor it . rusty dad ? I believe the expression be ' burn rubber 's and ' eat my dust . ' . clark . * yup . and I hope they be hungry ! * ext . highway 19 the Taurus pull around the pickup and pass it . int . car 20 Clark smile . he wave to the pickup . clark eat my road grit , liver lip . int . pickup 21 a pair of in - breed , red-cheek , young , sheep - banger and a gnarled , old man at the wheel watch as the Taurus pass . they be dress in flannel shirt and dirty , quilt nylon hunt jacket . 22 23 24 25 will 26 27 c3 there Pov 22 ellen shrink down in she seat . Clark wave arrogantly . ext . highway , 23 the Taurus pull around in front of the pickup . ext . highway - from pickup truck bed 24 a semi haul a load of timber have pull behind the pickup truck . int . taurus . 25 Clark smile with satisfaction . clark that 's enough of that . anyway . kid , speak of Christmas tree , can one of you tell I what kind of tree be first use display at the White House ? the pickup have pull alongside Clark . ellen and the kid notice . Clark do not . rusty dad ? they be back . Clark glance out he window . ext . highway . 26 the pickup pull in front of the Taurus . the semi be behind the Taurus . the semi pull out to pass the Taurus . int . taurus 27 Clark watch as the pickup pass he again . ellen Clark ! stop it ! I do not want to spend the holiday dead ! closeup ~ clark - cross angle he look at ellen as the semi pull up alongside the Taurus . clark . do not worry about it , honey . Clark return he eye to the road , hit he signal and pull out . ( continued ) 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 continued : : 27 int . car ellen , rusty and audrey scream . ext . taurus - clark 28 he see that he 's pull into the truck . his eye pop and he shriek ! int . pickup truck 29 the old man look in he rearview mirror and do a take . he whip around . his two boy whip around and look out the back window . there Pov 30 the semi return to the proper lane . there 's no Taurus . ext . pickup - closeup - back window 31 the two boy exchange bewilder look . ext . highway - semi 32 the Taurus be trap between the front and back wheel of the high -clearance trailer run at high -speed . mud and road salt from the front trailer wheel be pepper the car . int . taurus 33 the family 's silent with shock . Clark 's in a full sweat as he struggle to maintain the exact speed of the truck to avoid be catch in the rear wheel . clark we be alright ! ' thank God , we be alright ! ellen Clark ? we be stick under a truck . clark do you honestly think I do not know that ? audrey come on , you guy , do not fight ! clark well , for Christ 's sake , I do not do this on purpose ! 34 ext . road 34 o the truck barrel along with the Taurus beneath it . 35 int . taurus 35 Clark be maniacally focus on control the car . ellen and the kid be praying . ellen forgive we we sin ... audrey be lie about why you get home so late a sin ? ellen just keep praying ! audrey be it ? I have to know ! clark yes ! audrey forgive I for say I be at no cassandra reed 's when I be really co with Sean marley under the railroad bridge in town . clark do you know about that , ellen ? ellen obviously not ! clark ( to audrey ) be not that the kid who get pick up for sacrifice June bug in the cemetery ? audrey this be before that . rusty what religion be we again ? clark we Lady of Jesus , we be about to get crush by a truck !! . '' Clark take a deep breath , clutches the wheel tightly and ( > jerk it sharply to the right . cy % % '' % woe * 36 ext . road - ahead of semi 36 the Taurus pop out from beneath the semi onto the * oppose lane . * 37 int . taurus 37 Clark breathes a sigh of relief and turn on he wiper . 38 omitted 38 through through 41 41 42 he Pov 42 just ahead , a snow plough be pull over on the shoulder , directly in line with the on-come Taurus . 43 ext . road 43 the Taurus hurtle off the road and disappear . it 's silent . 44 ext . countryside 44 peace and tranquility . a virgin snowfield . a long beat and the Taurus burst out of snowbank into camera . oo 45 ext . road 45 the Taurus return to the road , crossing the leave lane , then the right and off the road . 46 ext . christmas tree farm 46 a large , permanent wood sign festoon with color light read -- jolly jerry's saw ' not save christmas tree ranch . the Taurus blast past the sign and into a make - shift parking lot , slide sideways into a parking space . : 47 int . car 47 the family be freeze in horror . Clark put the Taurus in park and turn off the engine . he look at he watch . clark hey ! we make pretty good time . 48 ext . christmas tree farm 48 families stumble across the freeze earth between the row , of fir tree , shiver , cursing , grouse . we find '' Clark , ellen , audrey and rusty trudging through the snow . ; co the family have a very hard go of the deep snow . Clark i pay it no mind . ( continued ) ( een | : o. '' L 48 continued : 48 clark be this air fresh or what ? take a deep breath ! notice that smell ? rusty it smell like pinesol . clark and be not that a christmasy smell ? ellen Clark , can we pick out a tree while we smell ? it 's awfully cold . audrey my toe be numb . ellen point out a tree . ellen there 's a nice one over there . Clark consider the tree briefly and reject it . clark the bottom 's all dead , hon . a deer probably lift he leg on it . they continue they march through the snow . rusty dad ? do not they invent Christmas tree lot so people would not have to drive all the way out to nowhere and waste a whole Saturday ? clark they invent they , Russ , because people forget how to have a fun , old - fashioned family Christmas and be satisfied with scrawny , dead , over - priced tree that have no special meaning . you know , kid . this be what we forefather do . audrey I can not feel my leg . clark they go out in the wood , pick out that special tree and cut it down with they bare hand . ( continued ) 10 . 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 o audrey Mom ? I can not feel my hip . ellen Clark ? Clark stop to survey the landscape . clark yeah , honey ? ellen audrey 's freeze from the waist down . clark ( distract ) that 's all part of the experience . closeup - clark he scan the forest . something catch he eye . he 's spot the special tree . a chorus of angel fade in . clark ~ there it be ! oo a49 ext . christmas tree farm - family a49 Clark point . the family turn to see what he 's point at . 49 family Pov 49 a perfectly shape Norway pine . a long beat and Clark stroll into frame . we realize that the tree be twenty foot tall . clark ( to the family ) the griswold family Christmas tree . 50 ext . christmas tree farm - from above - clark 50 from the top of the tree down . Clark look up , and ad - mire the tree . the family gather around he . ellen ( tentatively ) Clark ? be not it a little big ? lo clark ~ it 's not that big . it 's ... just -.. full . ( continued ) 11 . 50 continued : 50 . rusty dad ? that would not fit in we yard . clark it 's not go in the yard , Russ . it 's go in the live room . a51 ext . christmas tree farm - family asl Clark put he arm around ellen and audrey . ellen pull rusty into the family embrace . clark just look at it . ellen it really be beautiful , Clark . clark it 's something else , huh , Russ ? rusty yeah , dad . clark audrey ? be not it a beaut ? ellen she will see it later , honey , she eye be freeze shut . clark ( a deep breath , after a satisfied . pause ) the most ' endure tradition of the season be best enjoy in the warm . embrace of kith and kin . ( pause ) thith tree ith a thymble of - thpirit of the grithwold family christmuth . rusty ( after a pause ) dad ? do you bring a thaw ? closeup - clark he realize he 's make a mistake but do not care to admit it . clark thyit ... 51 12 . ext . tree ranch - house trailer 51 a rotting double wide serve as the office and residence of jolly Jerry . the family stand at the door . it open . closeup - trailer door it open on a sour-look , middle - age man smoking a cigarette and wear a dirty Santa hat . man what ? closeup - clark he offer a friendly smile . clark I hate to trouble you , but I do not bring a see . ext . trailer the man puff on he butt and blow the smoke out he nose . man rule say buyer provide own damn see . he point to a paint sign on the trailer . closeup - sign a paint sign -- black letter on white . it read -- buyer pay in advance -- buyer don't use the ranch as a bathroom -- buyer don't CUT down more tree than he pay for -- buyer provide own damn saw . ext . trailer Clark sneak a glance at ellen . she give Clark a look . clark I pay seventy - five dollar for the tree . I need some way to get it out of the ground . ellen you pay that much for a tree ? clark honey , it 's huge . ( more ) ( continued ) ( CO 51 52 53 54 13. continued : . 51 clark ( cont 'd ) ( to the man ) - it 's cold , the holiday be here , I would really appreciate it if you could help I out . closeup - man he scratch he nose and reach around behind the door . closeup - clark he look at the family . clark sometimes you just have to ask nice . closeup - man he hold up a shovel . closeup - clark he stare with alarm . ext . highway - taurus - clark - later 52 Clark 's in the front passenger seat . he 's freeze , blue , clutching the shovel . the shot widen to reveal ellen and the kid . they be also blue . we continue to widen until we see the car and the enormous tree tie to the roof . the car pull ahead and overtake camera . we see the full length of the tree ; branch bound with heavy twine and a huge root ball . omitted - 53 ext . griswold house - night 54 a fine upper middle class dwelling . the light be on . the Taurus 's in the driveway . the giant tree be rest on its rootball in the front yard . rusty and a couple of neighbor kid be stand in the driveway look at the tree . Inside the garage , a chainsaw start up . ominous droning horror music fade in . ext . house - garage door the electric door go up . Clark step out of the dark wear a hockey mask and brandish a chainsaw . : * 55 a56 christmas vacation - Rev. 4/19/89 14 . ext . house next door 55 a couple in they mid-thirty be get out of a saab park in the driveway of the house next to the griswold . they be handsome , successful , modern suburban profession - al . margo and todd chester . they look to the griswold , wince at the roar of the chainsaw . margo cross around to Todd to stand at he side . todd look like the toad overestimate the height of he live room ceiling . they have a chuckle -- a compress , stiff laugh . they be clearly people devoid of humor . there Pov the giant tree be lay in the front yard , still bound with twine . Clark take the chainsaw to it and cut it in half . ext . todd and margo' driveway a56 Todd , wear a cocky grin , yell : = todd ( to Clark ) * i ! e do ink ou be gonna put a that _ big ? closeup - clark obviously no love lose on the chester . he 's in a bad enough mood as it be . he turn off the chainsaw and push the mask up on he forehead . he cup he hand to he mouth . and. yell . clark Bend over_and I 'l ] show you ! ( continued ) a56 on lo 56 co ) 15 . continued : a56 closeup - todd his smile fade . he look to margo . he look back at Clark , angry at the rude suggestion offer in the presence of he wife . todd ike that i ! he Pov Clark yell back . clark be not talk to you ! closeup - margo she gasp in horror . the chainsaw revs up . int . live room - christmas tree - later - 56 the tree be up in the rear corner of the room . Clark 's have to trim both the top and bottom to get it to fit . it 's still wrap with twine . the family be stand before the tree . ellen ( look up ) Clark ? be there enough room for the star ? closeup - top of tree it 's flush to the ceiling . closeup - clark he 's look at top of the tree . clark oh , sure , honey . I have a little more trimming to do but it will not be a problem . int . live room - family Clark step to the tree and take up a length of twine . clark I give you the griswold family Christmas tree ! he yank on the twine . the branch be release and unfold into the room . unwrapped , the tree be enormous . branch extend deep into the room . 57 58 59 60 61 16 . ext . house - side 57 a branch crash through a side window . ext . house - back yard 58 another branch crash through a back window . int . live room 59 a third of the live room square footage be dominate by the unfurl tree . the griswold stand waist - deep in pine bough . the tree be the same diameter at the top as at the bottom . it 's a pine cylinder , eight foot in diameter . Clark look at ellen , audrey and rusty . he say nothing . they say nothing . ext . house - night 60 the light be on . we can see the glow of a fire in the live room fireplace . int . live room - closeup - fireplace - later 61 a beautiful fire . christmas music be play on the stereo . int . live room - night it 's pleasant and calm . a nearly perfect holiday picture . Clark 's wear a cashmere V-neck . he 's un - tangling a strand of light . audrey , rusty and ellen be sit with bowl of popcorn and cranberry in they lap . Clark have trim the Christmas tree branch and denude the top twelve inch to accommodate the star . he 's fishing light out of a cardboard box . rusty : I can not get my needle through the cranberry . audrey ( frustrated ) the popcorn fall apart when I pull the string through it ! Clark walk to the tree with the light strand . ellen Clark ? the old - fashioned ornament be not work out too well . clark that 's all part of the fun , honey . ( more ) ( continued ) % % he oe * oe 61 17 . continued : 61 clark ( cont 'd ) you know , kid , year ago , people could not go out and buy they ornament . they have to make they from thing around the old prairie homestead . color ball of mud , wood shaving , bit of yarn and string , ox horn , donkey tail , prairie dog whisker . I will get the light up and then I will give you a hand . Clark begin string the light on the tree , start at the bottom . Clark move slowly around the tree , string the light as he go . closeup - rusty he reach into a bowl of popcorn . rusty dad ? this tradition stuff be pretty cool so far but I think it might lose its charm if it extend to we gift . I mean , you be not plan on make we present be you ? he load the popcorn into he mouth . closeup - clark Clark consider the question for a moment . clark sound like fun ... ( pause ) but , no . closeup - rusty he pull a string and then a row of strung piece of popcorn out of he mouth . . int . live room Clark disappear around behind the tree . clark ( 0.s. ) before we know it , you kid '1l be all grow up and -- ellen Clark ? what be you do behind the tree ? ( continued ) * % oe ab oe * '' * a * of o d 61 a62 18. continued : ( 2 ) 61 clark ( 0.s. ) put up the light . rusty nobody look behind the tree , dad . clark ( 0.8 . ) if you just do the front , the tree be not balanced . believe I , if I do not put light back here , you would notice a difference . quch ! audrey watch you eye , daddy . the tree shiver and shake as Clark work he way around behind it . ellen I hope you be not get sap all over you sweater . clark gag and cough . clark ( 0.8 . ) hold on , I just swallow a . cocoon , gag okay . all better . have you ever taste cocoon ? it 's a little like cashews but not so salty . Clark emerge from around behind the tree . he 's cover head - to - toe in sap and pine needle . ' clark ( 0.s. ) what would you say , honey ? int . kitchen - later . a62 Clark and ellen be clean Clark 's sweater . he 's work on one sleeve , she 's work on the other . she 's pick individual needle off . Clark 's herding they down the cuff . ellen do I tell you that I talk to my mother ? clark ( false ) yeah , and it 's a shame they can not come for Christmas . I be so look forward to see they . ( continued ) % % * ee xq a62 19 . continued : a62 & ellen I talk to she today . they change they mind . my dad could not get a good enough deal on the condo in Florida so they be come . clark damn. ( correct himself ) darn. ( again ) great ! Clark pull a large wad of sticky pine needle off the cuff of he sweater and try to flick it into the wastebasket . ellen let 's not forget whose idea it be to have the fun , old - fashioned family Christmas here . clark be I complain ? ellen be try to get the needle off she hand . all she do be transfer the needle from one hand to the other . they continue talk , not acknowledge the sap and the needle . ellen no , but I think you be forget how difficult it 's go to be with all this people at we house . clark they be family , ellen , not stranger off the street . ellen they be family and they do not get along . clark they get along . Clark try to wipe the wad of pine needle on the edge of the grocery bag lining the wastebasket . when he pull he arm back , the bag go with it . it 's now stick to he hand . ( continued ) a62 continued : ( 2 ) ion ellen ~ all they do be argue . who sleep in what room , who do the child love more ? Clark , it 's endless . clark Christmas be about resolve difference and see through the petty problem of family life . he hold out he hand and the bag stick to it . pull the bag off . it stick to she hand . ellen yeah . and it 's about my mother accuse you mother of buy cheap hot . dog and you mother accuse my mother of waxing she upper lip and they stop speak for three year . clark you mother wax she upper lip ? ellen she have for year . clark it sure do not show . 20 . a62 * cod ellen Clark peel he sweater off and toss it on the table . it 's stick to he hand . he try to throw it again . the sweater go nowhere . ellen do you really want to listen to my father and you father go at it over who suffer the most during the war ? '' clark that 's all part of it , ellen . you take the good with the bad . ellen the damage be do . they be all come . but just be aware that it 's not go to be all sweetness and light . especially since my dad have he back operation . ( continued ) o a62 ' continued : ( 3 ) ellen put the bag between she knee and pull she hand free . the bag stay stick to she knee . ellen he 's extremely touchy about it . clark no problem . nothing 's go to spoil this Christmas . Clark put the sweater in he mouth and pull it off he hand . he shake he head . the sweater 's stick to he face . clark ( muffle ) not even you dad . > ellen what ? clark ( softer ) not even you dad . b62 ext . griswold house - later the light be out . 62 int . bedroom Clark and ellen be in bed . clark how about a little home shopping ? ellen Clark , it 's so late . clark can I just thumb through you catalogue ? ellen laugh as Clark pull she to he . ellen okay , if I can go through yours first . int . bedroom - door it open and audrey peek in . 21. ( continued ) a62 b62 62 * % 22. 62 continued : 62 cy ellen ( 0.8 . ) ~ ooo . what a big catalogue this * year . * clark ( 0.5 . ) all the better to serve you with . * her Pov Clark and ellen be under the cover . * ellen . what 's this ? * clark you be in the sport goods * section . * closeup - audrey she have no idea what they be talk about . * audrey oh , sick ! what be you guy * do ?! * co int . bedroom - bed ' ellen pop up from under the cover . Clark look up in * | alarm . ellen leap from the bed . * i clark | ellen ! you hand ! * | it 's too late . the power of ellen 's leap from bed drag * Clark to the floor by he undershort . he scream as * | he crash to the floor . x '' . | a63 omitted a463 * i 63 closeup -- christmas calendar 63 of the sort that conceal each date behind a paper door . | every day in the month of December , one of the little door be open to reveal the date and a symbol of the '' season . Clark 's finger open the first door to expose * dec . 15 and a tiny illustration of a partridge in a pear * | tree . as Clark draw he hand away , the paper door * stick to he finger and he tear it off . 64 ext . downtown chicago - day 64 i ) the Loop . decorate for the holiday . 23. 65 ext . office build 65 cy Clark 's building . a new high -rise in the heart of the '' city . 66 int . build - coffee station 66 * Clark and a co-worker , bill burke , be stand at the * coffee station , sip coffee and chat . * bill you will be look at a nice fat Christmas bonus this year , huh ? * from what I hear , you have a excellent shot at be name food additive designer of the Year . clark Nah . bill I be not kid . what 's the new * thing you have over at food and * drug ? * clark . non-nutritive cereal varnish * a erunch enhancer . it seal the cereal to prevent the milk from penetrate it . bill the big question be , what be you * gonna do with that big , fat bonus * check ? blow it on yourself , I hope ? clark } me? heck , no . take a look at | this . : he remove a wear , color brochure from he inside jacket * i pocket and hand it to Bill . i insert - brochure a ecstatic all - american family frolick in a deluxe * * in-the-ground swim pool and spa . closeup - bill * he peruse the brochure , sufficiently impressed . ( 3 bill '' you be put in a pool ? * ( continued ) o 66 a67 b67 24 . continued : 66 closeup - clark a proud smile . int . another corridor - closeup - feet a67 a fly wedge of black wingtip march down the hall . int . office - corridor - coffee station b67 Clark admire the brochure over Bill 's shoulder . clark it 's my Christmas present for ellen and the kid . I be gonna turn the old homestead into we own private summer resort . bill Boy , what 's it gonna set you back ? clark can not put a price on happiness , Bill . plenty . but with the bonus check come , it 's cover . I go ahead and put a seventy - five hundred dollar deposit down so they will start work as soon as the ground thaws . with the heater , we can be in that thing by May . bill I guess you be the last true family man . me? Christmas be a big pain in the ass . I get a sore face from smile for five day at people I hate . I have the perfect holiday last year . pile the kid in the car , drive by my sister 's house , blow the horn , and throw the gift on the lawn . clark you be a sentimental guy , huh ? bill what 's Christmas anyway but a economic high colonic . * 67 25 . int . office - corridor - closeup - feet 67 the march wingtip round a corner . camera rise to see frank W. shirley at the point and two young men off he shoulder a few step back . shirley be a stern , stone - face man in middle age . his minion be young , clean - cut mbas . they march with military precision and serious purpose . the man stop suddenly . frank Clem ... closeup - bill he clear he throat and correct Mr. shirley . bill Clark . frank ( to Bill ) Clark . Nice to see you . get back to work . Bill exit . clark that 's Bill , sir . my name 's Clark . frank who ask ? clark pardon I . frank be you the one who be work on the non-nutritive cereal varnish ? clark yes , sir . frank I be give a speech to a trade group and I would like to mention it . write I up a brief summary and have it to I by the end of the day . clark my pleasure . ( continued ) oe oe co 67 68 26 . continued : 67 frank layman 's term . none of that inside bullshit jargon that nobody understand . clark yes , sir . shirley and he bootlick start down the corridor . clark Mr. shirley ? shirley stop and turn back to Clark . clark we get you Christmas card the other day . my family and I be flatter that you remember we . shirley stare at Clark for a confuse beat then look to one of the Young Men . young man ( to Frank ) corporate card . frank oh . do not forget my speech , Bill . clark I will not , sir . they exit . Clark set he coffee down . he feel foolish . clark he may not be the warmest guy in the world , but at least he 's fair and he sign the check . music up ... holiday montage 68 a ) salvation Army band play . B ) crowd downtown department store . C ) Cash register ringing . D ) scream kid on Santa 's lap . ( continued ) % * hb o 68 69 27 . continued : E ) garish display . '' F ) shopper in and out of revolve door . G ) businessman testing toy . h ) santas have lunch at a counter . I ) heaps of purchase on store counter . J ) gift wrapping . k ) lose , cry child . L ) Cash and credit card change hand . m) hand rub sore foot . N ) businessman asleep in the mattress dept . with bulg shopping bag at he side . etc. end montage . int . department store - lingerie department - closeup - clark - night he 's peer into a display case . he look up . freezes . clark Pov cleavage , move up to a beautiful young woman . woman can I show you something ? Clark 's bent over a display case , look at the delicate . clark uh. woman for you wife ? girlfriend ? closeup - clark he straighten up . he 's very uncomfortable and warm . clark I guess it would not be the Christmas shopping season if the store be any less hooter ... hotter than they be . it 's warm in here , be not it ? ( continued ) 68 69 oo 69 28. continued : 69 the woman smile . she realize he 's nervous . woman you have you coat on . clark do I ? ( catch himself stare ) sure I do . how do that happen ? woman because it 's cold out ? clark could be ! . there 's a uncomfortable silence . woman so . you be look at something ? clark you know , I could not help it . woman ( puzzle ) Excuse I ? clark gesundheit . woman do you want I to take anything out for you ? Clark 's jaw drop . he wheeze . he look over he shoulder to see if anyone 's listen to the conversation . he ignore the question and carry on . clark I be just look for something for ... my mother . her wife . and obviously she do not wear underwear and there 's plenty of shopping day leave until adultery . ( wince and correct himself ) adulthood . which be to say Christmas . yuletide . yule . as vin yulelog . not a log . I do not mean a log . I do not have a log . ( more ) ( continued ) 69 a70 b70 c70 70 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 69 clark ( cont 'd ) I mean , I do but not in the sense that you think I think I say . which I say but not meaning what I say when I say it . Clark mop he brow with the back of he hand . clark in other word , I be late and you have be very helpful and busty and I have enjoy talk about my log and boy , ‘tis this ever the season to be huge . uh , merry . * woman that 's my name . clark huh ? * she point to the name plate on she chest . * woman Mary . * clark Christmas . * woman * and a happy New Year . int . department store - rusty 470 he 's move through the crowd , package in he arm , look for Clark . int . department store - rusty's Pov - lingerie dept . b70 through the crowd he see Clark at the lingerie counter . Clark 's laugh and enjoy himself . Mary 's show * he a miniscule pair of panty . int . department store - closeup - rusty c70 he watch Clark with suspicious curiosity . int . department store - lingerie counter 70 rusty approach the counter and Clark . mary * ( to Clark ) this be cut high on the hip . ( continued ) 70 a71l christmas vacation - Rev. 4/20/89 30 . continued : . 70 she turn around and display she bottom . mary I be wear something very similar . can you see the line ? clark oh , yeah . Clark turn to rusty . clark can you see the line , Russ ? rusty yeah , dad . closeup - clark it register that he 's just address rusty . his eye bulge . he snap he head around to rusty . closeup - rusty look at Clark . closeup - clark look at rusty . complete terror . clark hyew ! int . department store a71 Clark and rusty walk through the store load with lingerie box . Clark 's in a nervous sweat as he try to explain himself to rusty . clark Boy , do I get a lot of shopping do . and that funny - look gal back there be so helpful . * rusty funny - look ? * clark that be not fair of I . unusual * look . so tall and skinny and * +.. top heavy . * ( more ) ( continued ) o a71 b71 c7l 71 a72 christmas vacation - Rev. 4/20/89 31 . continued : a7l clark ( cont 'd ) the wide hip , the narrow waist , the real big eye and lip and if she cheekbone be any higher , gee whiz , she would have to open she mouth to put in she contact . but she be nice and she know she underpant and that 's all that 's important . oe ee oh ob oh oe rusty dad ? she be cover girl material . clark yeah . for like a medical journal . sure. ( pause ) gee , I hope I remember where I park the ole dickster ... truckster Clark shoos rusty on ahead . rusty dad ! clark keep move , Russ . rusty but , dad ...! he push rusty through a door and take a look back at Mary . int . lingerie department - clark Pov b71 she wave to he . int . department store - lady 's room - closeup - clark c71l a nervous smile . he turn and walk through the door . as it close we read a brass sign -- lady . 0.s. there 's a collective shriek and a pair of sharp slap . a beat and rusty and Clark walk out . they hair be mess - up . they both rub they sting cheek . omitted 71 ext . griswold house - morning a472 a clear , bright Saturday morning . b72 o c72 ll christmas vacation - Rev. 4/20/89 314 . int . kitchen b72 ellen 's at the kitchen table fill out Christmas card . she look up from she work with a troubled look . some dreadful feel grip she . ominous music come up . int . audrey' room c72 she 's strike by the same uneasy feel . she look up from the gift she 's wrapping . d72 e72 f72 g72 h72 j72 32 . int . family room d72 rusty 's watch tv . as the feel come over he , he hit the mute button on the tv . int . master bathroom e72 Clark 's try on a Santa beard . he 's take by the same awful feel . he slowly remove the beard . a look of terror on he face . int . foyer f72 ellen walk in from the kitchen . she 's nervous and tentative . rusty come in from the dining room . Clark come down the stair . audrey follow Clark . the door knocker sound . three hard , loud bang . closeup - clark frightened . he 's look at the front door . , int . foyer ~ front door moving in . closeup - clark cautiously approach the door . closeup - doorknob Clark 's tremble hand grip the knob and slowly turn int , foyer - door 672 it swing open to reveal four argue grandparent . clark W. griswold sr. , nora griswold , art and francis pearson . ext . house ~ front porch h72 Clark greet the grandparent with open arm . clark folk , folk ! merry Christmas ! int . foyer j72 Clark step back as the grandparent rush the house . they engulf Clark , ellen , rusty and audrey in hug and machine - gun chatter . it 's a invasion . nora clarkie , sweetheart ! ( continued ) * % s72 33 . continued : j72 clark sr . how ' ya doin ' , boy ? Clark break he embrace with nora and shake Clark sr. 's hand . clark can not complain , dad . Art and Francis descend upon ellen and the kid . nora break from Clark and push past Francis to rusty . Art return to Clark . Clark sr. cross to ellen . rusty , audrey , ellen and Clark hold they position as the grandparent move between they . each family member be verbally attack , hugge , squeeze and kiss . a hundred individual overlap comment and question in 30 second . ( continued ) 334 . j72 continued : ( 2 ) 372 overlapping dialogue for grandparent 's arrival . nora clarkie , sweetheart , how be you ? ( to ellen ) Oprah do a show on skinny woman . do you see it ? ( to rusty ) maybe if you Mom would feed you better you would put on some height . ( to audrey ) since when be you wear eye makeup ? ( to Clark ) the curly hair make audrey look too old . ( to Clark ) do you think this mole on my neck have change color ? dad say it have not but I think it have . ( to ellen ) I have no idea what to get you for Christmas . you have two of everything . ( to ellen ) when you go shopping remember to get Clark sr. roll oat . ( to ellen ) we do not care for t.v. in the morning . we prefer the radio . ( to Clark ) I bring my old sewing machine . if you get the time maybe you can fix it up for ellen . ( to Clark ) do you still have the rusty taste to you tap water ? ( to rusty ) you be not see girl yet , be you ? ( to rusty ) do you still like puzzle ? ( to Clark ) Art want to put he car in the garage . do not he have the garage the last time he be here ? why should we automobile have to stay out in the element ? ( to ellen ) it smell stale in here . ( to Clark ) you be work too hard , be not you ? ( to Clark ) this may be dad 's last Christmas . do not spend all you time with Art . ( to ellen ) dear , you look so tired . ( to rusty ) I have a very painful spur on my heel bone . ( more ) ( continued ) qd : ne j72 continued : 33b . ( 3 ) 372 * nora ( cont 'd ) ( to ellen ) I have a nightmare that you talk Clark into make we sleep in the bunk bed . art ( to ellen ) dearest sweetheart , give I a big kiss ! ( to ellen ) I beat griswold here so you tell Clark I be parking the lincoln in the garage . ( to ellen ) what 's you hot water situation ? ( to audrey ) they drain a pint of fluid from my lower back . ( to rusty ) lift with you knee , never with you back . ( to Clark ) you better salt you walk before somebody break they skull . ( to Clark ) you could use a little paint on you porch . ( to Clark ) I beat you dad by a good half second so I be take the garage space . ( to Clark ) how come you do not put cone on you rise bush ? ( to Clark ) I be not sleep in any damn bunk bed . ( to rusty ) hey , pal , you get a kiss for gramp ? ( to audrey ) give I a eskimo kiss , kiddo . ( to rusty ) you dad still try to turn you into a fairy ? ( to Clark ) . my back 's kill I . I lose two inch in height on the ride over here . ( to Clark ) whoever shovel you walk oughta be tar and feathered . you look for a lawsuit ? ( to ellen ) since I buy the lincoin , it 's go to be a light year for gift . ( to Clark ) you might mention to you dad not to ruin another of we holiday with he cornball joke . ( to ellen ) you know how much they want for a one - bedroom condo in St. Pete ? ( to Clark ) jump off you roof and land on you back and you will know the pain I be endure . ( more ) ( continued ) j72 continued : ( 4 ) . 372 * art ( cont 'd ) ( to Clark ) - you mom 's put on some weight , huh ? ( to ellen ) do you pharmacy offer a senior discount ? ( to audrey ) grandma say you be dating fella . we be gonna have to have a talk . ( to ellen ) you look weary . ( to ellen ) I be on a low - sodium diet and you mother 's eat a lot of fish . ( to Clark ) do not try and save a nickel on heat . I like it at seventy - two . . ( to ellen ) I need a lot of moisture in the air . I have a sinus condition . clark sr. ( to Clark ) merry Christmas , son . it 's good to see you . ( to ellen ) hi , there , sweetheart . you look just so lovely . ( to ellen ) be you get prettier or be my eyesight improve ? ( to rusty ) I run into Don mattingly the other day and you know what he say ? ' do not back up ! 's get it ? ( to ellen ) you dad can not be in as much pain as he like we to believe . i£ he 's in so much pain , he oughta be in the hospital where folk be immune to complain . ( to Clark ) do not stick we in that bunk bed again , Clark . I do not have the strength to boost you mom up top anymore . . ( to audrey ) look like that mosquito bite turn into mole hill ! ( to rusty ) I talk to you grandpa Art and he say he do not want any sympathy for he back . ( to Clark ) I will lay you odd Art could not get a good enough deal on the Florida conco to go south for the holiday . ( to Clark ) let 's see if the two of we can not talk you mother out of make cookie this year . ( to audrey ) you be not listen to that devil music be you ? ( more ) ( continued ) j72 continued : 33d . ( 5 ) 372 clark sr . ( cont 'd ) {to rusty ) what do you want old Santa to bring you this year ? ( to ellen ) do not short we on towel this year . ( to Clark ) we like a late breakfast and a early dinner . ( to Clark ) do you remember Fred lorraine ? he sell a humorous story to the reader 's digest . make ten buck . ( to ellen ) do not fill we up with cheese like last time . ( to Clark ) do you have a good mall where Mom and I can go take a indoor walk ? francis ( to ellen ) oh , my sweet girl . you look so haggard . ( to Clark ) be you make she do heavy work ? ( to ellen ) I nearly leave you father over this back thing . he 's unbearable ! ( to audrey ) I clipped a article for you in we paper about disease and open-mouth kissing . ( to rusty ) be you get enough fresh air and sunshine ? ( to Clark ) you dad drive like a lunatic . ( to ellen ) have not nora age ? poor thing . I do not want to ask but have she go deaf ? ( to rusty ) all the boy in we neighborhood have after school job . ( to audrey ) they say pizza be very high in sodium . ( to ellen ) I be go to need to get my hair do but I be not go to you place again . not after that polish gal scald my scalp . ( to Clark ) if dad need a rub down ... ( to ellen ) you have no color in you cheek . ( to Clark ) ellen have no color in she cheek . ( to audrey ) I hope you will dress up nice on Christmas . ( continued ) = ) j72 72 a73 73 christmas vacation - Rev. 4/19/89 34 , continued : ( 6 ) j72 as they arrive , they exit up the stair en masse yakking all the way , leave Clark , ellen , audrey and rusty stand stock still . it 's as though a tornado pass through . closeup - ellen her face be freeze , she eye fix in a stare . closeup - audrey she 's wear a identical , catatonic expression . her hair 's mess up . closeup - rusty the same expression . he have a large , distinct lipstick print on each cheek . closeup - clark he come to he sense . he smile . clark this be what Christmas be all about . it 's gonna be great . I will be outside . for a few hour . Clark exit out the front door leave he stunne family alone . omitted 72 & a73 ext . clark house - garage - later 73 the garage door open and Clark come . out carry a extension ladder . rusty follow with a huge carton of light and decoration . Clark and rusty be wear they winter gear . Clark lean the ladder against the house . rusty set the carton down . clark we be gonna have the best - look house in town , Russ . Clark reach into the carton and pull out a strand of light . * rusty that 's a lot of light , dad . ( continued ) christmas vacation - Rev. 4/19/89 35 . 73 continued : 73 clark if I be out in the cold and I be commit to decorate the house , I be gonna do it right and I be gonna do it big . you want something you can be proud of , do not you ? rusty yeah , I - guess ... clark sure you do . rusty you be not gonna overdo it be you , dad ? clark when have I ever overdo something ? Clark give a tug on the strand pull a three - foot ball of tangle light from the carton . 74 omitted 74 a75 ext . todd and margo' house - driveway a75 they exit they house notice Clark on the ladder . they be dress for a evening out . margo * I hope he fall and break he neck . . todd * he will fall for sure but we be not lucky enough to have he break he neck . 75 ext . griswold house - todd and margo' Pov - day 75 Clark 's climb the ladder , drag a strand of light behind he . as he get to the top of the ladder , it collapse , send Clark crash to the ground . a76 b76 c76 through e76 76 christmas vacation - Rev. 4/18/89 chester house - closeup - todd and .margo they be irritate and fussy . there should be some sort of ordinance prohibit ourdoor if we can not keep kid and dog out of the neighborhood , we be not . go to ' prevent Christmas light . ext . griswold house '' : Clark 's ' reset : ' the ' ladder against . the ‘house , climb back , up and begin ' stapling ight strand to the foot , int . family room - dusk Clark sr. and Art asleep in wingchair . nora and Francis be watch a Christmas parade on tv as they construct a prefab gingerbread house . to speak up against the loud snore . - they be snore . if you keep eat the shingles we will not have any leave for the nora remote control the . volume 1 up on the ty. snore increase . 's they " be stale ' anyway . oe : Francis remote '' control ' the volume ' louder on the tv . the snore become louder . be that the fella from ' Jeopardy 's 2 nora turn up the volume more . the snore get louder . I do not know . Francis turn up the volume again . the snore get 77 78 79 a480 christmas vacation - Rev. 47/18/89 37 . continued : = . 76 . francis it 's the sport guy who 's marry to the news gal with the drink problem . Francis turn up the volume again and again ; the snore increase . * ~ war | what ? oo as ext . griswold ' house : - dusk . '' 77 the leave side 's of . the house be ' partially '' decorate . Clark be twenty foot above the ground string light under the eave : he reach over 's to : secure a strand . 's the ladder tilt . from he weight . and.one - leg lift off the ground . - encumber by ' the : jight : and the 'stapler , Clark struggle to get ' both of the’ foot .of the ladder ' back on the ground .. as he lean into the house he ( accidentally ) staple he sleeve to the roof .. this temporarily stabi - lize he . to free himself he pull the sleeve and the staple loose . this upset he balance , tilting Clark and the ladder back away from the house . right before he crash backwards into . the tree , he grab the parti - ally staple strand of light and use it as a safety . dine to pull , himself ( and the ladder ) back up to the ouse . I he ob I ob mb ob ob web ab oe int . / ext . ' master bedroom - - night | . . 78 through the bedroom window that face the street , we see Clark struggle with the ladder , hold on for dear . life to a strand of light . as he slowly pull himself in , the ladder crash back ) into . , the house slamm Clark into . the window , " ee ee . omitted : - 79 ext . garage - '' night . a80 rusty come out of the garage carry a six - foot- tall plastic Santa . rusty dad ? where do you want the Santa ? ext . house Clark be on the spine of the roof where he 's stapling light . clark just put he on the lawn . ext . " front yard rusty set the Santa down on the yawn : " behind he a large wooden shutter fall to the sidewalk and shatter . rusty turn and look up to , the roof . ' audrey everybody ? be you sleep with you brother ? do you know how sick 's and twisted that be ? = - ellen do not be so dramatic . we a . * ( continued ) a80 he do in - he own bed . alone a82 b82 ter | o1 chest doay hees ink thi be snd knsok = pisince 82 ha : p foot away from the house : -: Clark be : cling '' move ' cautiously ' toward the : ladder which still rest against the move gutter . he begin inching toward the ladder , slide he glove along the gutter . it begin to tear loose from the house , send the ladder crash to the layn : closeup - gutter — it 's fill solid with ice . the ice shoot out of the gutter like a spear . > 4. foe a84 84 85 4 srandnother 's 8 christmas vacation - Rev. 4/18 /89 - int . ' todd and margo ' S live room . ~ 83 the ice spear . crash through the side window and impale the stereo . ext . clark house - night Clark , hold on to the gutter , as it continue to tear loose , realize that the lower roof be just below he foot . he let go of the gutter , leave he stand on the lower roof . he stand for a beat feel secure ... suddenly he foot slide out from under - he , he hit the roof on he stomach , shoot off like a rocket , and disappear in a cloud of snow into the . bush below . the froot door open the moment he land . ellen step outside , Clark ? , dinner 's 's ready ! '' a beat and Clark answer ' trom the bush . tl. be right . ' in. ok int . kitchen - closeup a grandmother 's hand '' close the door and turn it on . insert - closeur - coffee machine . - dishwasher ~ later clark ( 0.8 . ) _ b , a84 84 a85 . oe oe a85 85 41 . continued : a85 insert - closeup - refrigerator freshly -wrapped leftover be place on a shelf and the door close . ext . house - front lawn - night 85 Clark , ellen , audrey and rusty , Clark sr. , nora , Art and Francis be stand on the front lawn . Clark 's wear and tatter from he effort . his en - thusiasm and excitement be unabate . he 's hold two extension cord , ready to plug they in . art you want to hurry up with this , Clark ? I be freezing my bagettes off . Clark give Art a sidelong glance . he refuse to let he spoil he fun . clark be you ready ? two hundred and fifty strand of light , one hundred individual bulb per strand for a grand total of twenty - five thousand individual miniature import italian twinkle light . twenty - five thousand ! audrey I hope nobody I know drive by and see I stand in the yard stare at the house . art if they know you dad they will not think anything of it . rusty Fire it up , dad ! clark I dedicate this house to the griswold family Christmas . ( to the family ) drumroll , please . no one respond . clark drumroli ? ( continued ) * % oe oe o 85 42 . continued : 85 reluctantly ellen , rusty and audrey flutter they tongue in a cheap imitation of a drumroll . clark dad ? Mom ? * Clark and nora join in . after a beat Art and Francis * reluctantly flutter they tongue . * clark Joy to the World ! he join the drumroll , louder and more enthusiastic . he hold up the plug and the outlet and with great drama and the sound of a crashing cymbal , join they . oe ext . house ~ clark Pov the house be dark . ext . house - family continue they drumroll . dampen somewhat . Clark unplug the cord , give they a twist , revs up he drum and again join the extension cord . nothing . the drum peter out . Clark continue he , but at a lower volume and in a angry tone . he plug and unplug the cord a couple of time . art : beeeeee --u-t-tiiiiii-ful , Clark ! francis Boy , talk about tinkling you money away . I hope you kid see what a silly waste of resource this be . audrey he work really hard , grandma . art so do wash machine but they do not make very good father . Art and Francis head back to the house . '' clark sr . it 's probably a bad bulb , son . if one go out the whole thing do not work . Clark sr. and nora go inside . Clark stare at the house . seethe anger . ( continued ) 85 86 87 a88 43 . continued : ( 2 ) 85 audrey sorry , dad . rusty good try , dad . ellen Clark ? no response . Clark just stare at the house . ellen we will be inside , honey . she fix he coat around he neck to cover he neck . * ellen do not stay out too late . you have * work in the morning . * she leave a nearly despondent Clark and slip away into the house before he explode . int . todd and margo' house - live room 86 they have return home . Todd 's look at the break * window . margo 's look at the trash stereo system . todd something have to break the window . something have to hit the stereo . . margo and why be the carpet all wet ? todd ( look out the window ) I do not know . but I will bet that asshole have something to do with it . ext . house - clark - night 87 he set the ladder against the house and begin to climb . int . house ~ series of shot - night a88 nora and Clark sr. be in audrey 's double bed . they debris be all over the room . medicine , truss , clothing , suitcase . a room humidifier be spew out cold steam . nora 's snore softly . Clark sr. 's read a teen fashion magazine with a flashlight . ob b88 CO c83 d88 e88 88 a89 89 44 . int . family room : b88 rusty and audrey be sleep on a hide - a- bed . she 's on she back , awake . rusty have he arm around she and he face against she ear . she push he arm away and he leg replace it . she groan . audrey get off I , you little fungus . int . master bedroom c88 ellen 's asleep . alone . int . rusty's room - insert - poster d88 a well - oile babe in something indecent . the poster be tape to the ceiling . closeup - art he 's lay on he back stare up with mild curiosity . int . rusty's room Francis be on the bottom bunk . Art 's on the top bunk . ext . house - night e88 a lonely figure on the ladder in the dark of the cold night . a sky fill with twinkle star . extreme closeup - christmas calendar 88 audrey open the door mark , december 19 . behind the door be a gingerbread man . omitted a89 int . house - upstair hallway - day 89 Clark peek out of he bedroom . he look up and down the hall , then sneak out of he room with a two - handle shopping bag fill with wrap gift . he reach up to the ceiling . closeup ceiling - attic stair fold-down stair . Clark slip he finger in a brass ring and turn it , unlock the stair . int . hallway Clark pull down the attic stair . he do so slowly but the staircase still squeak . he bring the stair down to eye level and stop . ( continued ) oe oe % 89 a90 90 91 through 95 96 a97 45 . continued : 89 he listen to see if he 's attract anyone 's attention . he look up at the stair . the step , which be collapse on runner , slide down and hit Clark square in the forehead take he clear out of frame . omitted a90 int . attic - later - day 90 Clark climb up the creaky stair into the attic , rub he aching forehead . it 's a standard , cluttere , wood floor , unfinish , unheate attic . he step carefully over and around the detritus of twenty year of marry life to the chimney . he set down the bag of gift . he take out a gift and hide it behind the chimney . as he reach behind the chimney , he notice something . he bring out a dusty , gift - wrap package . he reach back around , stretch , grit he tooth as he reach far behind the chimney . he pull out another wrap gift . he set it down and again reach behind the chimney . he find another gift - wrap package . he look at the gift curiously . he blow the dust off one of the package and read the tag . closeup - gift tag the tag read -- to mom , from clark . merry christmas . closeup - clark he look at another package . closeup - gift tag the tag read -- happy anniversary , all my love , clark . omitted 91 : through 95 int . house - upstair hallway - day 96 Francis come out of the guest room . she see the attic stair down . francis gee whiz ! feel the cold air come down from there ! int . attic - closeup - clark - day a97 he pick up the third gift . ( continued ) vd a97 b97 97 98 99 a100 b100 c100 . 46 . continued : : a97 closeup - gift tag the tag read -- happy mother' day , love , clark . int . house - upstair hallway - day b97 Francis lift the staircase and let it crash close . int . attic - clark - day 97 he freeze . ext . house 98 the Taurus be run . Clark sr. be in the front , nora 's in the back with audrey . ellen 's stand at the Taurus . she 's go to drive . int . attic - day 99 Clark 's on he hand and knee push on the attic stair . it do not budge . lock tight . clark hello ?! ellen ?! somebody ?! int . foyer - day a100 Art and Francis bundle up and exit the front door . they can not hear Clark 's faint cry . int . house - upstair hallway - day b100 0.s. Clark 's banging on the attic stair . clark ( 0.s. ) help ! ext . house c100 Art and Francis come out of the house . ellen call to they . ellen dad ? be Clark come ? art how the hell would I know ? ellen be he in the house ? ( continued ) — ~ c100 d100 100 101 102 a103 47 . continued : c100 art if he 's not up on the ladder fartin ' around with he light , he must be in the house . ellen I be sure he want to go to lunch and shopping with we . art you have get another car . he can drive . I , I have to eat so I can take my back pill . int . house attic - day d100 Clark work he way down the attic , head for a small window at the other end . there be a narrow walkway of board across the joist that run from one end of the attic to the other . except for this walkway , the floor be unfinish and consist only of joist and insulation . closeup - floorboard loose plank . Clark 's foot step down on the end of a plank . it sink under he weight . int . attic Clark , anticipate that he 's go to get hit in the face with the loose board , quickly step back . the board he step back onto fly up and smack he in the back of the head . the impact throw he forward onto the first board which flip up and slug he in the face . ext . house - day 100 Art and Francis get in the Taurus . int . / ext . attic window - clark - day 101 he 's press up against the small , dirty attic window . a look of defeat and resignation on he face . int . / ext . STREET - clark Pov - day 102 Far below , the Taurus pull away and head down the street . ext . attic window - closeup - clark - day a103 he watch sadly as the Taurus disappear down the street . he sigh in utter defeat . ( continued ) 4103 b103 c103 christmas vacation - Rev. 4/20/89 48 . continued : 4103 he glance to the side and notice the the window be ringed with he inoperative import twinkle light . he reach into he shirt pocket for a new bulb , open the tiny window and reach out to test for bad bulb . int . department store - men' accessory dept . - day b103 * Clark sr. and nora be at the counter look at manicure set . , clark sr . I do not see anything wrong with get rusty a air rifle . that 's what he want . nora : ellen say , no . you hear she . clark sr . alright . clarkie have one when he be a boy . nora and he put out all the window in the garage and you throw it away . ( refer to the manicure set in she hand ) no . I think he will be just as thrilled with a manicure set . * clark sr . yeah . you be right . there 's * nothing more important to a young * fella than well - groom * fingernails . * nora the set also include a nifty * toenail clipper . * clark sr . that 's a heck of a nice deal . * * especially in the summer . int . attic - day c103 Clark come back down the attic from the window , return the fail bulb to he pocket . he reach the board that whacked he earlier . he gingerly step on both board , balance for a moment . suddenly , the board fly up on either side of Clark , smack he both front and back . d103 e103 f103 christmas vacation - Rev. 4/20/89 48a . int . bedroom - ceiling - day . d103 the plaster crack under the weight of Clark 's foot , leave the approximate shape of human footprint in the ceiling . int . attic - closeup - clark feet e103 he 's step between the joist . int . bathroom - ceiling f103 more crack footprint on the ceiling . g103 h103 i- 103 j103 k103 l103 m103 n103 49 . int . attic g103 Clark 's rummage through box , look for a coat . he find nothing and cross to another stack of box . int . master bedroom - ceiling h103 the footstep continue across the master bedroom ceiling . omitted I - 103 int . attic j103 Clark 's rummage through another box . he come up with a old wool scarf . he look at it with a small degree of satisfaction . int . rusty's bedroom - ceiling - day k103 the girlie poster above the top bunk . Clark 's foot suddenly break through the ceiling and tear through the poster . int . attic l103 Clark 's sink to he knee in the attic floor . int . rusty's bedroom - wide m103 a pair of leg stand on the top bunk . int . department store - lady ' accessories n103 Art and Francis be at a counter discuss a gift for audrey . art do not audrey have a purse and glove ? francis this be for when she dress up . insert - purse and glove a taupe leather purse and match leather glove . francis ( 0.s. ) we will have they monogramm . back to scene Art look at the pricetag . ( continued ) eee we eo * n103 103 50 . continued : n103 art a hundred and ten buck ?! forget it . let 's go back to the toy section and get she that loom . hoe oe int . attic - later 103 Clark be wear a old fur coat , a hat and white lady 's glove that he 's find among the store junk . he 's rummage through box , resign to he fate . closeup - shoe BOX Clark lift the lid to reveal yellow kodak box . the old home movie . he take out several and look through they . closeup - clark he smile as the inscription on the box bring back _ pleasant memory . extreme closeup - box shuffle through they -- Clark 's fifth b-day , vacation to Toledo , aunt Lou 's funeral and finally , Xmas ' 59 . : closeup - clark he look at the box for a moment . music come up . 8 mm film projected on white shirt a title card with the word in glitter . CUT to : griswold house -- a tract ranch house with a single string of light around the door . CUT to : griswold family , nora , Little Clark ( age 9 ) , a ancient woman dress in black , a young sailor , a smashed old priest , a middle - age man with a loud sport coat , slicked hair and a pencil moustache with he arm around a middle - age woman in a low - cut dress -- sit in the live room eat Christmas dinner on tv trays . a metallic Christmas tree . stand in the corner . a wobbly pan across the people , squinting against the harsh light of the light bar . int . attic Clark be sit on a child 's chair with the projector on a box beside he . the image be project on a shirt hang from a rafter . closeup - clark he smile at the old image . ( continued ) of 103 104 105 106 107 108 through b1 o9 109 51 . continued : 103 8 mm film the man with the pencil moustache smile and hold up he middle finger . CUT to : family gather around a free - stand kettle fireplace sing Christmas carol . on the leave side of frame , we see flame . the camera pan to the curtain . the heat from the floodlight have ignite the curtain . the camera drop again . CUT to : the family and three firemen toast the holiday with eggnog . behind they , the wall be blacken . CUT to : Clark Jr. asleep in he bed , despite the floodlight . CUT to : Clark sr. in a cheap Santa suit come in the front door with a pillowcase stuff with gift . a german shepherd dog attack he . the camera drop to the floor . CUT to : Clark Jr. run down the stair in the am . CUT to : Clark Jr. rip open a large gift . he look up to camera with a grim expression . he lift a handful of wool sock from the box . ext . house - day ( later ) 104 the Taurus be in the drive . the grandparent be walk carefully up the slick pavement to the house . int . house - stairwell - day 105 ellen sneak up the stair with package in she arm . int . hallway - day 106 ellen turn down the hall , stop at the attic stair . she reach up and turn the attic stair lock . int . attic - day 107 Clark , the chair , the box of memory and the projector fall out of frame . 0o.s. , clark and he memories crash to the floor . omitted 108 through b1o9 int . neighbor be house ~ live room - night 109 Todd and margo have return home from a run . they be dress in the best winter run fashion . todd I want to take off this clothes and sit in the dark with a glass of wine and kiss every square inch of you body . ( more ) ( continued ) * et oe of 109 110 52 . continued : 109 todd ( cont 'd ) ( kiss margo ) after you shower , of course . margo of course . ext . front yard - night 110 Clark plant a floodlight in front of the Santa Claus and the plastic reindeer and a sign announce merry christmas in glitter plastic letter . closeup - clark he feel a degree of satisfaction with the new decor - ' ation , even though the light on the house be still out of order . ext . house ~ porch ellen come out the front door . she close the door and step down from the porch . ellen Clark ? ext . yard - clark ellen walk over to he . ellen be you out here for a reason or be you just avoid the family ? clark no . but I still have a few hundred more . bulb to check . in the meantime , at least I can light up the manger and Santa Claus and the eight tiny reindeer and the merry X - mas sign . that should look pretty good . Clark pick up the yellow extension cord that the house light be plugge into . there be two input on the cord . clark ready ? ( continued ) ee hoe oe oh oe % a d 110 111 112 113 114 53. continued : 110 ellen - do you want I to do the drumroll thing ? . clark no , it 's okay . here go nothin’ . Clark grimace as he stick the floodlight plug into the extension cord input . ext . house - wide nothing . closeup - clark stare in disbelief . closeup - ellen wince . int . garage 111 the door from the house open . ext . front yard 112 Clark 's hold the cord , stare at the house . clark I do not understand it . the house * light do not work , the floodlight * do not work . * * ellen be it plugge in ? clark De you ' honestly think I would check thousand of tiny little light if I be not sure the extension cord be plugge in ? . 2 int . garage 113 nora step into the garage . she hit the light switch . * int . neighbor be house - bedroom 114 Todd and margo be sit on they king -size bed in the dark . Todd 's in he short . margo 's wear a satin robe . they clink glass and kiss . the moment they lip touch , the room be flood with light . 54 . 115 ext . clark house - night 115 it 's a spectacular sight . the home edition of the disneyland electric parade . a116 ext . clark town - night a1l6 the light in the panorama dim as the house suck power . b116 closeup - home electric meter b116 it 's a spin blur . c116 closeup - power plant control panel c116 a male hand slap a button mark " auxiliary nuclear on . " 116 int . garage 116 nora cross to the refrigerator in the garage and take out a carton of milk . 117 ext . yard - clark and ellen - night 117 Clark , blast with light , continue to fiddle with the extension cord , unaware that the light be on . ellen 's jaw drop . ellen Clark ! clark just a second , honey , I think I know what 's wrong ... 118 int . garage 118 nora cross back to the door . she turn off the light . a119 closeup - home electric meter : a119 it slow down . 119 int . neighbor be house - bedroom - night 119 margo and Todd climb off the bed and charge the front window . the light go off . margo and Todd , temporarily blind , crash into a table . 120 ext . griswold house 120 it 's dark . clark turn the light back on , sweetheart , I can not see what ... he look up slowly . puzzle . * + % % % ee 121 122 122a 123 124 co 125 126 a127 b127 c127 55 . int . garage | 121 ellen rush into the garage . she hit the light switch and look for the plug . '' omitted 122 int . neighbor be house - bedroom - night 1224 the light go back on . Todd and margo be hopping around * the room , hold they bang shin . the wine bottle 's * fall to the floor along with cheese and cracker and * caviar and fruit , flower , vase and water . it 's a ter - * rible mess , make all the worse by the scream , bright * light flooding into the room . * ext . house - night 123 the light be back on . Clark yell . clark ellen ! I fix it ! int . garage - ellen 124 she follow the extension cord to the plug . it 's plugge * in . she 's puzzle . ext . house - clark 125 he 's still yell . clark everybody out ! Quick ! look at the light ! omitted 126 * int . foyer . a127 * Art and Clark sr. run in from the family room . the grandmother from the kitchen . int . neighbor be house - bedroom b127 * Todd have the cheese , fruit , wine bottle , vase and flower on the table and be carry it out of the room . todd get a towel ! Quick ! there 's wine all over the carpet ! margo take off for the bathroom . int . garage , c127 * ellen see nothing wrong . she head back to the door , * reach for the light switch . 1 . ) d127 e127 f127 127 aa128 a128 b128. 56 . int . neighbor be house - bedroom d127 * the light go out . margo ram into a armoire . 0.s. , Todd take a header down the stair . ext . house - porch e127 * Art and Clark sr. come out on the porch . art what 's all the yell about ?! closeup - clark bewildere . he wiggle the cord furiously . int . kitchen f127 * ellen come back in the house . she stop as something occur to she . she think for a moment . ext . house ~ porch 127 Art , Clark sr. , audrey , Francis and nora be gather on the porch look at Clark . nora what 's he do , Clark ? clark sr . I have not the foggiest ... there Pov : aa128 % Clark 's twist , shaking , whipping the cord and cursing . he throw the cord down and in he rage sock * the Santa . clark closeup - santa the face cave in when Clark slug it . * ext . yard Clark kick the reindeer and the sign . int . kitchen a128 ellen turn and run back to the garage . ext . porch b128 the family be disturb by Clark 's behavior . ( continued ) b128 c128 ad128 bd128 d128 128 129 57 . continued : b128 closeup - clark he rip the cord from the junction , spread he arm wide and with a great , dramatic gesture ram they back together . int . garage c128 ellen come back into the garage . she hit the light . * int . neighbor be house - bedroom ad128 * the light be back on , the room be blow out with light . the armoire be topple . a television and com - ponent stereo be spill on the bed in a tangle of wire and video cassettes , audio cassettes and CD . int . neighbor be house - foyer bd128 * cheese , fruit , flower , wine , the table and Todd be litter down the staircase . the harsh light be spilling through the live room , dining room and 's foyer window . ext . house d128 the light be on . for good . closeup - clark he 's stunne that the light work . ext . house the family come down off the porch and onto the lawn , admire the light . rusty wow ! dad , it 's incredible ! ellen come out of the house and run to Clark . he take she under he arm . rusty under the other . audrey hug he and they look up at the house with great pride . the family gather around . * ext . house - there Pov a great swell of holiday music as we hold on the magnificently - decorate house . omitted 128 * ext . house - closeup - clark 129 he 's in tear . the struggle , the frustration , the anger have pay off . the emotion be too much for he . ( continued ) 129 58 . continued : 129 ext . house - family it 's a great moment of family warmth and love . Clark embrace nora , then Clark sr. nora it 's lovely , Clark . clark you deserve a house like this to spend Christmas in . clark sr . it 's a beaut , Clark . clark dad , dad , dad . you teach I everything I know about exterior electrical illumination . he embrace Francis . clark dear , dear Francis . I hope this add to you enjoyment of the holiday . francis it 's wonderful , Clark . Clark embrace Art . clark Art , Arthur , dad . thanks for be here . art you get . too many blue light . Clark do not mind the insult . he regards it as a charming moment of truth and honesty . clark I know , Art . and thanks for notice . Clark move from Art to the next person . it 's cousin eddie . he 's dress in a cheap overcoat with a fake collar and a Kansas City Chiefs stock cap . eddie the house look real swell , Clark . ( continued ) 129 0 59 . continued : ( 2 ) 129 clark thanks , Eddie . I hope it enhance you holiday spirit . catherine be stand next to Clark . she 's wear a quilt car coat . Clark take she in he arm , hug she . '' clark Catherine ! dear ... something 's suddenly not right . Clark let go of Catherine . he step back and look at Eddie and she . clark . Eddie ? catherine the house be gorgeous , Clark . clark Eddie ? eddie I sure hope you do not do all this on we behalf , Clark . he turn and yell over he shoulder . eddie you kid get out here and see what uncle Clark have do to the house ! . clark Eddie ? closeup - clark he 's baffle . clark ( to himself ) Eddie ? he look off and be hit with another surprise ... he Pov the biggest commercially - available rv be back in he driveway . the door open and two little kid , a boy and a girl , rocky and ruby sue , follow by a mix breed hound , snot , jump out . Rocky 's six and Ruby Sue 's five . the kid and dog run across the lawn ( continued ) '' '' 129 : 60 . continued : ( 3 ) 129 closeup - clark he 's stunne . he look at ellen . clark Eddie ? closeup - ellen she 's equally stunne . she shrug . she do not have any idea why Eddie and Catherine have show up . ext . front yard Eddie and Catherine greet the grandparent as the kid walk up . eddie if you do not remember , this be Rocky . art you get a kiss for I ? eddie better take a raincheck on that , Art . he 's get a lip fungus they be not identify yet . Art pat Rocky on the head . catherine you remember Ruby Sue . francis oh , my gosh ! her eye be not cross anymore ! eddie somethin ' , be not it ? Falls in a well , eye go cross . get kick by a mule , they go back to normal . Eddie slap snot on the flank . eddie this here be we pride and joy . snot . clark pretty name , ed. ( continued ) 129 61 . continued : ( 4 ) 129 eddie we name he that ' cause he 's get sinus trouble . closeup - snot he sniff , clear he throat and ... ext . house ... spit . Clark look up with disgust . eddie ( to snot ) snot , you roll over and let uncle Clark scratch you belly . ( to Clark ) you never see a set on a dog like this one 's get . clark it 's alright , Eddie . eddie you rub he belly , Clark , and he will love you till the day you die . clark I really should not . my hand be chap . catherine ( to ellen ) we would have call , but Eddie swant to make it a surprise . eddie Clark ? you surprised ? clark surprise ? Eddie , if I wake tomorrow with my head sew to the carpet , I could not be more surprised than I be right now . ellen give Clark a angry look . ellen we have plenty of room . plenty of everything . ( to herself ) I think . ( continued ) * * 129 130 62. continued : ( 5 ) 129 eddie we be pretty much set in the r.v . it 's a little tight , but we do not come to impose . art Hell , there 's plenty of room . ( to Eddie ) quit be so damn polite , ed. you want to spend the holiday with four people jamme toe - to - nose in a motor home ? Eddie reevaluate he position . eddie Catherine and I be comfy in there . maybe you folk would not mind the youngster shack up with you . after that drive ... ( put he arm around Catherine ) we could use some time together . ( to Catherine ) honey , run and get the kid ' thing . and do not forget the rubber sheet and the gerbil . int . house - live room - later 130 Clark and Eddie be stand at the tree sip eggnog . Eddie 's wear a flannel shirt tuck into sweat pants and leather tie shoe . he 's shower . his hair 's comb back . eddie honey of a tree , Clark . be it a real one ? clark dug it out of the ground myself . eddie be that a fact ...? Clark reach under the tree . closeup - snot he 's drink the water out of the tree stand . int . live room - clark and eddie Clark shoos the dog out from under the tree . ( continued ) 130 continued : 63 . 130 clark get outta there ! eddie do not worry about it , Clark , a little tree water be not gonna hurt he . before we leave , he drank half a quart of pennzoil . Boy , when he lift he leg the next morning ... clark if he drink the water out of there , the tree will dry out . eddie snot ! get outta there ! go to the kitchen and get something to eat ! the dog saunter out of the live room . eddie cute , be not he ? only problem be , he 's get a little Mississippi leg hound in he . if the mood catch he right , he will grab you leg and go to town . you do not want he around if you be wear short pants , if you know what I mean . a word of warning , though . if he do start on you , you best let he finish . clark ( change the subject ) I just can not believe you be actually stand here in my live room . I never think the day would come . eddie I be excited about it , too . it 's a cryin ' shame the older kid could not make it . I get the daughter in the clinic to get cure off the Wild Turkey and the older boy , bless he soul , be prepare for he career . clark College ? eddie Carnival . ( continued ) 130 continued : 64 . ( 2 ) 130 clark ( facetiously ) you gotta be proud . eddie oh , yeah . he work last season as a pixie dust spreader on the tilt -o - whirl and he think maybe next season he will be guess people 's weight or bark for the yak woman . you ever see she ? clark sorry to say I have not . eddie Big horn grow right above she ear . Ugly as sin but a real sweet gal and a hell of a good cook . clark ( change the subject ) can I refill you eggnog , get you something to eat , drive you out to the middle of nowhere and leave you for dead ? Eddie do not catch the insult . there 's a eddie I be do fine , Clark . just glad to be here . lull in the conversation . clark yeah . so , when do you get the tenement on wheel ? eddie that 's a r.v . I borrow it off my buddy . he take my house . we take the r.v . it 's a good -lookin ' vehicle , be not it ? clark beautiful . and it look so nice back in the driveway . . eddie sure do , but do not go fallin ' in love with it . when we leave next month , it 's goin ' with we . ( continued ) 130 131 132 133 a134 a b134 c134 65 . continued : ( 3 ) 130 clark huh ? ext . clark house - night 131 the house be glow . neighbor have gather in the street and on the adjacent lawn . ext . clark neighborhood 132 from several block away , the house continue to glow . ext . clark town 133 Clark 's house glow in the distance . int . house - rusty's bedroom - closeup - art - night a134 * he 's stare at the ceiling . he 's bewilder . he Pov - closeup - ceiling - poster two big foot hole be punch through the bimbo 's chest . closeup - art he give up try to figure out what happen to the poster . he roll over and settles into the bed . he turn away from camera revealing that the back of he head be white with plaster dust . as he pull the cover up around he shoulder , a cloud of dust rise . int . family room - closeup - rocky and ruby sue b134 * they be sleep in the hide - a- bed . a cage pack with anxious gerbil rest between they . Rocky smile and we hear the soft splatter of water on rubber . we move off they to the floor and rusty and audrey . rusty 's lay on top of audrey . she 's struggle beneath he dead-weight . int . master bedroom - night c134 * Clark and ellen be in bed , awake . the light be off . the room be illuminate by the outdoor light . clark I be not complain , I just do not know how we can have a nice Christmas with Eddie here . ellen well , they be sleep the driveway . ( continued ) c134 134 a135 135 136 137 66 . continued : c134 * clark and be not that a kick in the nut ? how can the house look like anything but a junkyard with he shack on wheel park in the driveway ? ellen you have never judge anyone by how much or how little they have , Clark . clark no , and I never will . if Eddie be rich ... there 's a long pause . clark / ellen he 's be worse . clark good night , sweetheart . extreme closeup - christmas calendar 134 Eddie 's greasy finger tear off a door mark , dec . 21 , to reveal a sprig of mistletoe . he leave a big smudge mark on the calendar . ext . house - extreme closeup - santa - morning a135 move up from Santa 's crush face to the house and the rv . the door open and Eddie let snot out . snot sniff out the lawn . ext . clark office build - morning 135 mid-morn in the business district . omitted 136 int . executive outer office 137 Clark poke he head inside . no secretary . he tiptoe in , hold a poinsettia plant . he cross to a door , knock twice . * 138 ~ '' , i ) 139 140 a ) 67 . int . frank shirley' executive office 138 a vast room with a enormous desk . shirley be seat behind it , have a conversation over the speaker phone . frank get Ed leftic up here and have he look over this figure . Clark enter with the poinsettia . clark Mr. shirley , merry Christmas . clark Pov - mr. shirley 139 he 's become scrooge count he money . he do not look up . frank what do you want ? closeup - clark 140 edging forward . clark it 's I , Clark griswold . I have a gift for you . int . office Frank shirley be back to normal . he wave toward a opposite wall . frank put it over there with the other , grisball . clark ( can not resist ) by the way , sir . hope my report help out at the trade show . frank I be sure it do . now if you will excuse I , I be in the middle of a important call . he pick up the receiver . Clark turn to put the poinsettia on a sideboard and see it 's jamme with about fifty other poinsettia . 141 142 143 144 68 . ext . highway - night 141 the Taurus roll through heavily - wood , snow - cover hill . ext . countryside - sign - night 142 a big wooden sign that read ~- oshgonoggin state park . ext . sledd hill - night ( later ) 143 a parking lot at the bottom . a warming house . outdoor light illuminate the hill . christmas carol be play on the PA , ext . sledd hill - top - night 144 Clark , Eddie , audrey , rusty , Ruby Sue and Rocky be at the top of a suburban park sledding hill . they each have a saucer sled . Clark 's on one knee with he saucer sled upside - down on the snow . he 's shaking a spray can . clark this be a new non-caloric silicon - base kitchen lubricant my company 's work on . it create a surface 500 time slipperier than any cooking oil . we be really gonna fly down the hill with this stuff . rusty have anybody ever put it on a sled ? clark not that I know of . eddie do not put none of it on my sled , Clark . you know that metal plate in my head ? clark how could I forget it ? he spray the bottom of the sled . eddie I have to have it replace because whenever Catherine revve - up the microwave I would piss my pants and forget who I be for half hour or so . ( more ) ( continued ) 2 ) 144 69 . continued : : 144 eddie ( cont 'd ) over at v.a. they replace it with a plastic one and it be not as strong . I do not think I oughta be sailing down no hill with nothing between the ground and my brain but a piece of government plastic . Clark 's grow weary of the endless blabber . clark do you really think it matter , Ed ? eddie the plate run right under my part . if it get dent , my hair be not gonna look right . Clark groan and flip he sled right - side up . clark let I go first and see how it work . eddie be careful there , Clark . clark there 's nothing to worry about , ed. Clark mount the sled . clark go for a new amateur recreational saucer sled land speed record , Clark W. griswold , Jr. he set he palm on the snow and rock the sled back and forth . it 's extremely slippery . clark oh , yeah . this be gonna be some kind of wild ride ! Clark rock himself back , hold a split second and push off . the sled fly off the peak of the hill . 70 . 145 ext . hill - night 145 look straight down the hill . Clark 's sled streak down the hill , across the flat and into the dark beyond . one moment he 's on top of the hill , the next , he 's go . a146 omitted . al46 * 146 ext . hill - eddie and kide 146 they be stunne by how fast Clark fly down the hill . 147 ext . parking lot 147 Clark 's sled sail through the parking lot . closeup - clark he 's hold on for dear life , scream all the way . ext . parking lot . clark Pov low and moving . barely miss car , people jump out of the way and head for a Jeep . closeup - clark he lean back and close he eye in anticipation of serious injury . oo ext . parking lot - jeep low . the sled shoot under the Jeep and out . 148 ext . STREET 148 Clark 's sled fly out of the parking lot and onto the street . he reappear every few second as he pass through the pool of street lamp light . : 149 ext . stand of tree 149 a heavily wood area . branch be break , bird be rouse and squawking . 150 ext . shopping CENTER - charity toy collection BOX 150 a big red and green metal bin rest in the parking lot . ext . parking lot out of the darkness into the harsh mercury vapor light of the parking lot , come Clark and he sled . spark fly as he strike dry pavement . '' ( continued ) 150 151 a152 71 . continued : 150 closeup - clark he open he eye for a terrify moment . he Pov the collection box be come up fast . a freshly - paint Santa and the word ho ! ho ! ho ! be on the red bin . closeup - clark he brace for the crash . ext . sledd hill - eddie and kide 151l in the distance , we hear the metal boom of Clark 's impact . eddie binge ! int . clark office a152 * he 's sit behind he desk , stare out the window . Bill walk in . bill Clark ? Clark turn in he chair . bill stay late ? clark just finish up a few thing . last day of the year for I . bill have a really merry Christmas . clark thank you . you , too . Bill start to exit . Clark stop he . clark do you get you bonus yet ? bill I just talk to my son . he say a messenger bring a company envelope to the house . I guess that 's it . nothing like wait until the last minute . do you get yours ? ( continued ) — a152 152 153 154 155 156 157 72 . continued : . a152 * Clark shake he head , no . bill if it 's not already at you place , it have to be on its way . do not worry about it . clakr if I do not get my bonus I be in it ... ( hand to he nose ) ++. up to here . bill do not sweat it . it will come . merry Christmas . clark same to you . Bill exit . closeup - clark he 's concerned that something 's go wrong . ext . house - night 152 the exterior light be on . the interior light be off except for a single light in the kitchen . it 's late . int . kitchen - night 153 Clark 's in a red bathrobe , stand at the sink look out the window . he 's lose in troubled think . he Pov 154 out the window . it 's daytime . the pool be in and the kid be in the water . closeup - clark 155 a big , happy , dreamy smile . he Pov 156 Clark and ellen have join the fantasy . closeup - clark 157 he slip deeper into he fantasy . music fade up . 158 159 160 161 162 163 164 165 166 167 168 73 . he Pov 158 Mary , the girl from the department store , be bounce on the diving board . music' playing . she play to Clark in the kitchen , wave for he to come out . ext . house - closeup - clark 159 in the window , look out . it 's dark inside , light outside . Mary 's reflect in the window glass . Clark 's in he robe . he shake he head , " no . " he 's embarrassed . closeup - mary 160 Big , sexy smile . she mouth , " come on ! " closeup - clark 161 from the outside . he beg off again . closeup - mary 162 she reach around behind she back and ( below frame ) unfasten she top . closeup - clark 163 he press he face to the cold glass . closeup - mary feet 164 she kick off she bathing suit bottom . closeup - clark 165 his face be severely press to the window . the bathing suit bottom hit the window . int . kitchen door - night 166 Ruby Sue appear in the doorway , in she pajamas , rub sleepy eye . she squint . she see Clark . her jaw drop . her Pov Clark be lean against the sink with he face press to the window . we hear a splash . ext . swimming pool 167 Mary surface and swim to the ladder . closeup - clark 168 he 's strain for a better view . qd . 169 170 171 172 74 . closeup - mary she begin to rise from the water and ... int . kitchen - ruby sue her eye be wide and she jaw be slack . ruby sue Holy shit ! Santa Claus ! closeup - clark from outside . it 's dark again . the pool fantasy have evaporate . he 's startle . int . kitchen - clark he let out a sharp cry as he turn quickly from the window to face Ruby Sue . int . kitchen Ruby Sue approach Clark . ruby sue uncle Clark ! be you santy Claus ? clark Boy , you scared I . no. I be not Santa Claus . I wish I be . Clark sit at the kitchen table and pat he heart . he compose himself . : clark how come you be up , sweetheart ? ruby sue Rocky bit my thumb . clark huh ? ruby sue my mom put bad taste crap on he thumb so he do not suck it so sometimes he suck mine and he have a bad dream , sometimes he bite it . clark oh. ruby sue him 's nervous because Christmas be almost here . ( continued ) 169 170 171 172 75 . 172 continued : 172 Clark sense a problem . he sit down and offer he knee to Ruby Sue . cb clark excite or nervous ? ruby sue shit brick . clark you should not use that word . ruby sue sorry . he 's shitting rock . clark do not use the ' S ' word . ruby sue oh. him 's nervous because he do not know if he 's get nothing . clark be you in school ? ruby sue firstus grade . clark ( to himself ) good school system . I do not think he should be nervous . and you should not be either . because if you be good , Santa Claus know it . if you believe in he and you believe in you mom and you ... dad and you have be good all year , Santa Claus will bring you something . ruby sue sometimes I think all that Santa crap 's just bull . if he be so real how 's come he do not give we squat last year ? we do not do nothing wrong and we get the shaft . clark I know for a fact that Santa Claus be real . and somehow in the next couple day I be go to prove it to you . he come to this house every year . I have see he . ( continued ) * oe ee oe 172 continued : 76 . ( 2 ) 172 ruby sue that 's for true ? clark Cross my heart . it 's a good idea you come to stay with we , be not it ? ruby sue ( nod ) I love it here . you do not gotta put on you coat to go to the bathroom and you house be always park in the same place . clark I think you better get back in bed . ruby sue how 's come you be not sleep ? clark I be just look for something . do you notice if a man come to the house today to deliver a letter ? Ruby Sue think hard as she recall the day . she slip kitchen . ruby sue nope . how come ? clark just wonder . you go back to bed now , okay ? ruby sue okay . down off he lap and waddle across the she stop and turn back to Clark . ruby sue you sure you be not santy Claus ? Clark smile and shake he head . Ruby Sue exit . clark ( to himself ) I can not even afford to be a elf . Clark walk back to the kitchen window and look out . he we eo 173 174 through 177 a178 178 179 180 ( 181 77 . he Pov 173 Mary 's bathing suit be lay on the freeze ground in the dark , cold , barren back yard . omitted 174 * through 177 . —* int . kitchen - morning a178 * rusty , audrey , Francis , nora , Clark sr. , Art , Ruby Sue , Catherine and Rocky be at the kitchen table . the kitchen look like a Army mess hall . int . live room - morning 178 Clark 's stand at the window look out . ellen walk * in . ellen be not you have breakfast ? clark I be not really in the mood . ellen what be you look at ? & clark ' the silent majesty of a winter 's morn . the clean , cool , chill of holiday air . and a asshole in he bathrobe empty a chemical toilet into my sewer . she pull the curtain aside and look out . her Pov : 179 Eddie , unshaven , in he bathrobe , black sock , brown loafer , a baseball cap , with bare leg and a cigarette be watch over a four inch black plastic corrugate hose that run from the rv , across the lawn to the curb and the sewer . snot be on a rope anchore to the manger . the Santa , the bust reindeer and assort trash bag * * be pile up on the curb . Eddie take a drag of he cigarette , spit and look to the window . he notice Clark and ellen in the window . he smile and wave . ext . house - window - clark and ellen 180 limp , force smile and wave . there Pov 181 Eddie yell to they . ( continued ) 181 182 183 184 185 186 187 a188 78. continued : 181 eddie shitter be full ! int . house - clark and ellen 182 ellen smile sheepishly . Clark sigh . clark have you check we shitter , honey ? ellen Clark , please . he do not know * any better . * clark he oughta know that 's illegal . * that 's a storm sewer . it fill up * with gas , pity the person who light * a match within ten yard of it . * ext . neighbor be house - front porch 183 Todd come out the front door in sweat . he 's on he way for a run . he notice a strange odor . he look to * Clark 's house . he Pov 184 Eddie smoking he cigarette , kick the hose to keep it flow . the rv 's in the drive , snot be tie to the manger . Eddie see Todd . he wave . * eddie merry Christmas ! closeup - todd 185 he 's shocked . ext . house - eddie 186 Eddie lean down and pick up Clark 's saucer sled . the bottom be wear clean through . he hurl it toward the rv , intend to keep it . omitted 187 . * int . live room a188 * Clark turn away from the window in disgust . ( continued ) qd a188 continued : ellen you know , Clark , I have this terrible suspicion that he and Catherine do not have any present for they kid . Clark recall the conversation with Ruby Sue . ellen Rocky say something about Eddie tell he that Santa be not come this year . clark Ruby Sue say something like that last night . how could they not have anything for they kid ? ellen Eddie 's be out of work for close to seven year . clark in seven year he could not find a job ? ellen Catherine say he 's be hold out for a management position . clark jeez , what a worm . 188 int . toy store - day 79 . a large , chain toy store jamme with last minute holiday Eddie and Clark be strolling down a aisle . shopper . clark how 's the live bait business , Ed ? eddie can not complain . how're you do ? clark not that good , actually . eddie you company kill all they people in India not too long ago ? clark no , we miss out on that one . ( more ) ( continued ) a188 188 * 80 . 188 continued : 188 C ) clark ( cont 'd ) ae ( continue ) you be pretty well set so far as shopping go ? Eddie sense that Clark know he 's be lie . eddie ( after a pause ) | can not lie to you , Clark . the | truth be thing be not go good at all . I say I borrow the rv from my neighbor ? it 's mine . we live in it . I sell off the house and the barn and the ten acre . all I keep be a 50 foot plot and the pig and the worm farm . ( angry ) if I have back all the money I and Catherine send that t.v. preacher that be screwing the . hockey player ... 3 ee oe clark what about the kid ? * ss eddie I send the money to the preacher himself , he kid can fend for themselves . % clark you kid , Ed . * eddie oh , well , that 's the bitch of it , Clark . I do not know what to do . we coast into town on fume . Gas money run out in kankakee . clark ellen and I want to help you give the kid a nice Christmas . eddie I could not do that , Clark . * clark no , we insist . eddie I be not one for charity , Clark . ( continued ) a 188 189 through 201 202 203 204 through 213 a214 b214 continued : ( 2 ) clark I know that Eddie , but it 's not charity . it 's family . eddie I do not know ... clark if you do not tell I what they want , I will get the stuff on my own . eddie Boy , this be a surprise , Clark . just a real nice surprise . Eddie reach into he pocket and pull out a piece of brown paper grocery bag . eddie here 's a little list . alphabetical start with 's Catherine . and if it would not be too much , I would like to get something for you , Clark . something real nice . omitted extreme closeup - christmas calendar Ruby Sue 's hand open a door mark , dec . 24 . behind the paper door be a candy cane . Ruby Sue lean into frame and lick it . ext . clark house - morning a beautiful sunrise . except for the rv and the dog tie * to the manger and the Santa and the break reindeer on the curb , the house look great . omitted int . house - live room - christmas tree gift be place beneath the tree . int . house - dine room a floral centerpiece be place on the table . 81 . 188 * * * £ 189 through 201 * 202 203 * 204 through 213 ° * a214 * b214 * c214 d214 e214 f214 g214 h214 j214 214 christmas vacation - Rev. 4/19/89 82. int . kitchen - sink c214 potato be be peel . closeup - rocky d214 Catherine comb he hair . closeup - art e214 he tie he Christmas tie . insert - christmas candle f214 Ruby Sue light they . insert - table g214 a place be set . ext . house - dusk h214 the outdoor light be light . closeup - snot j214 Eddie put a ribbon around he neck . music end . int . foyer - front door - dusk 214 it open to reveal Clark and rusty help a elderly woman , aunt bethany , and she husband , uncle lewis into the house . rusty 's follow behind with they gift . uncle Lewis be in he late eighty , cranky , stoop , dress in a tweed suit and suck on a long cigar . aunt bethany 's also in she late eighty , four and a half foot tall , wear a well - wear mink steal , a polyester pant suit and a hat . she 's take two - inch step , cling to Clark . bethany do not throw I down , Clark . clark I will try not to , aunt bethany . clark Pov * aunt bethany be now a skeleton . clark ( call ) * we be here ! uncle lewis say , griz , I and bethany figure out the perfect gift for you . ( continued ) 83 . continued : 214 clark gee , uncle Lewis , you do not have to get I anything . uncle lewis dammit , bethany , he guess it ! ellen , Catherine and Francis come into the foyer from the kitchen . aunt bethany oh , that be fun ! I love riding in car . ellen help she off with she coat as Francis and Catherine greet she . catherine aunt bethany , you look so wonderful . hello , uncle Lewis . uncle lewis how do , princess . francis hello , bethany . Lewis . Francis embrace uncle Lewis . the rest of the family crowd into the foyer . Lewis shift he cigar in he mouth to keep it from set Francis 's hair on fire . uncle lewis watch the stinkeroo ! I do not want you to burn down you wig . int . foyer - rusty and ruby sue Ruby Sue tug on rusty 's coat to get he attention . he look down at she . ruby sue who be the old geezer ? rusty that 's you mom and my mom 's great aunt and uncle . ruby sue what 's so great about ' they ? ( continued ) oe we % ee ad 214 christmas vacation - Rev. 4/19/89 84 . continued : ( 2 ) 214 , int . foyer ellen help bethany off with she steal . Clark try to help Lewis with he . uncle lewis get you finger out of my armpit ! he peel off he hat and hand it to Clark . he 's bald . closeup - clark he look at Lewis curiously . something 's not right . he look in the hat . closeup - hat a gray toupee be inside the hat . Lewis have remove he hat and he hair . int . foyer Clark take the toupee out of the hat and attempt to place it back on Lewis 's head . he stand behind Lewis wait for he opportunity . rusty where do you want the present , Mom ? ellen in the live room . thanks . ( to aunt bethany ) aunt bethany , you should not have do that . aunt bethany oh , dear . do I break wind ? * uncle lewis jee~zuz ! do the room clear out , * bethany ? Hell , no ! she mean * present . you should not have * bring present . Clark try to drop the toupee on Lewis 's head . he move forward . ellen see he . he explain what happen in gesture . aunt bethany well , heaven , it be not every day that somebody move into a new house . ( continued ) N 214 85 . continued : ( 3 ) uncle lewis id not move to ew house ! aunt bethany you will have to speak up , dear . uncle Lewis throw he arm in the air and head for the live room . Clark flip the toupee , frisbee - style at Lewis . closeup - lewis the toupee land on he head . he look up . he pat he head and straighten he toupee . int . foyer Clark take 's bethany 's coat from ellen and hang Lewis 's and she coat in the closet . rusty Mom ? ellen just put the present in the live room . rusty but , Mom ... ellen not tomorrow , rusty . now ! aunt bethany this house be much bigger than you old one . ellen ( to aunt bethany ) why do not you go with Catherine into the live room and say hello to everybody ? aunt bethany oh , sure . Catherine and Francis help she into the live room . rusty Mom ? ellen what ?! ( continued ) 214 86 . continued : ( 4 ) 214 rusty this box be meow . Clark take the box from rusty . he shake it . from inside we hear a mute cat' meow . . clark she wrap up she damn cat ! ellen take it in the kitchen and open it up . clark then we will have a cat run around . ellen you can not leave it in a box . rusty why would somebody wrap a cat in a box ? ellen she get confuse , rusty . she 's old . she and uncle Lewis do not have much money . she take thing from around the house and wrap they up as gift . * rusty oh , great . I can not wait to see what I get . Eddie walk back in with a box . eddie this one 's leak . Eddie lick he finger . eddie mmm . it 's cherry - flavor . ellen sample it . ellen oh , God . it 's she jell - o mold . I will take it . everybody just go into the live room . the foyer clear , leave ellen and Clark with they package . ellen 's be leak . Clark 's be howling . * hoe eb ok eo * % % oe * oe ) 215 a216 87 . int . live room aunt bethany be sit with a fat Persian cat in she lap . Lewis , Clark and Eddie be stand at the tree . audrey 's sit next to she . aunt bethany I have a cat just like this at home . audrey force a polite smile . uncle lewis Clark , that 's the ugliest goddamn Christmas tree I have ever do see . what the hell do you do to it ? he reach out and touch it . uncle lewis I be glad I be not sleep here tonight . clark you and I both . uncle lewis this son of a bitch can not wait to eatch fire and kill a household . eddie ( sniff ) hmm ! Boy ! do you smell that ? aunt bethany oh , dear ! I be so sorry ... " uncle lewis the turkey , bethany ! he 's smell the turkey ! int . dine room - closeup - turkey it 's a magnificent twenty - pound turkey . perfectly prepare , perfectly present . closeup - clark he look up from the turkey with delight . clark Catherine , if you turkey taste half as good as it look , we be all in for a big treat . Catherine smile sheepishly . ( continued ) 215 a216 % ee % woe % ae ed * % % * * ee % a216 88. continued : a216 eddie save the neck for I , Clark . Clark throw Eddie a tired glance . he put he smile back on and prepare to carve the turkey . closeup - turkey Clark put the gleam knife to the turkey . he puncture the hind end . a great gush of gas escape . int . dine room everyone lean back from the table as the turkey sputter and cough . extreme closeup - turkey the slit in the turkey skin flutter as the gas escape . closeup - clark he 's lean back . the gas run out and the sputter stop . Clark lean forward and look at the turkey . closeup - turkey the leg slowly begin to rise up on they own . closeup - clark he lean back again . his look be curious and mildly frighten . int . dine room everyone lean back again . closeup - turkey the leg be stand straight up . the wing pull away from the body and extend themselves . the incision Clark make begin to expand . it tear slowly from the crotch to the neck with the sound of ripping canvas . closeup - clark he 's lean back as far as he can go . his eye be wide with alarm . ( continued ) a216 216 through c217 d217 217 89 . continued : ( 2 ) a216 closeup - turkey the skin separate like two hard , brown flower petal open in time - lapse , expose the breast meat . a beat and it fall from the bone in dry , dusty thread . closeup - clark he fish through the debris and come up with a can of prepare poultry stuff . clark Ed ? do you make the dress ? closeup - eddie he smile . eddie I gotta confess , Clark , it 's store buy . found it in the r.v. last night . all you gotta do be pop the top off it and serve it up . closeup ~ clark he glance down at ellen , seat at the other end of the table . closeup - ellen she offer a stern , silent warning for he to keep quiet . omitted 216 through c217 int . live .room d217 bethany 's cat approach the Christmas tree and sniff the needle . int . dine room 217 Clark have serve everyone they turkey thread . he make a announcement . clark since this be bethany 's 80th Christmas ... . everyone break into applause -- include aunt bethany . ( continued ) % - / '' 217 90 . continued : 217 clark I think she should lead we in the say of grace . bethany ? aunt bethany what , dear ? nora Grace . aunt bethany ( after a pause ) Grace ? she pass on , oh , goodness , thirty year ago ? uncle lewis aw , for the love of God and country . she will not wear a hearing aid because she say it make she look old . ( to bethany ) they want you to say the grace ! moot aunt bethany shake she head , " no . she do not get it . uncle lewis biess ! bethany catch on . she bow she head . the other follow suit . she clear she throat . several time . aunt bethany I pledge allegiance to the flag ... closeup - clark he look up . closeup - eddie he look at Clark . closeup - lewis he exhales loudly out he nose and stroke he forehead in defeat . : closeup - bethany she continue . . aunt bethany ... of the United States of America ... ( continued ) o se ? 217 219 91 . continued : ( 2 ) 217 everyone join in . they all slowly rise off they seat and put they hand over they heart . all ... and to the Republic for which it stand ... int . live room - night 218 aunt bethany 's cat be play with the Christmas tree light . batting they . she bite a strand and pull . she back up , pull the light off the tree . int . dine room - night 219 everyone 's eat in silence . Art pick through the over - cook food with disgust . nora scowl at Eddie 's kid ' horrible table manners . Lewis power-spits . a olive pit into he hand . bethany be eat with a huge serve fork which Francis remove from she , replace it with a conventional fork , all of which she be oblivious to . Clark take a bite of jello mold . Eddie feed the dog under the table . it crunch loudly . and taste terrible . Clark sr. cut audrey 's meat for she . rusty struggle to keep Rocky out of he food . Catherine silently apologize for she family 's manners . a clark I hear on the news that a airline pilot spot Santa Claus ' sled on he way in from New York . the adult look to the kid for they reaction . Ruby Sue and Rocky smile . eddie you serious , Clark ? closeup - clark he give Eddie a tired look . he take a bite of jello mold . he chew . it do not taste right . he look down at he plate . closeup - jello mold in the jello mold be little dry cat food star . closeup - clark he take a sip of water and swishes it around he mouth . clark bethany ? by any chance , do you cat eat jello ? ( continued } dl mm a J 92 . 219 continued : ' 219 closeup - ellen she give Clark a dirty look . closeup - eddie he 's chew he jello . crunch away . eddie I do not know about the cat , but I sure be enjoy it . Clark ? you want to load I up with a little more ? it be goo-ood ! from underneath the table come a loud , ugly dog cough . everyone but bethany stop eat . the dog cough again . a deep , resonant crack . the dog cough again . a ex - tremely long and deep cough .. the force of the cough cause the dog to hit the table leg and rattle the glassware . clark Ed ? eddie yeah , Clark ? clark what 's wrong with you dog ? catherine ( to Eddie ) honey ? maybe the bow you put around he neck be too tight . Eddie peek under the table . eddie ( sit .up ) he be yacking on a bone but he get it up . he 's alright now . clark maybe if you do not feed he from the table . eddie no , Clark . he be probably just nose around in the trash . 220 omitted 220 * through through 221 221 * 222 223 224 225 226 93. int . kitchen - night ( later ) 222 trash be strewn across the kitchen floor . snot have get into the trash under the sink and have spread it across the kitchen floor . int . live room - night 223 the cat continue to pull the light off the tree . int . kitchen - night ( later ) 224 Clark and ellen be clean up the mess . clark I do not know why he be not in here clean this up . it be he dog ... ellen if you want to go in and have dessert , I will finish . clark that 's alright . when I be cut the pie , I find half a band-aid . ellen that must have be Ruby Sue . she be help roll the dough . do you find the other half ? int . dine room - closeup - lewis and bethany 225 bethany be chew with considerable difficulty . she swallow hard . Lewis lean back and yell to the kitchen . uncle lewis griz ! you be not do anything constructive , you wanna run into the live room and get my stogie ? int . kitchen 226 the last of the mess be off the floor . Clark be annoyed with the order from Lewis . clark anything else I can do for you , Lewis ? ellen he 's a old man . this could be he last Christmas . ( continued ) * * * 226 co™ cd 227 oo 228 229 94 , continued : 226 clark he keep it up , ellen , it will be he last Christmas . he exit the kitchen . int . live room - closeup - cat . 227 it 's still chew . it yank its head for a little more strand . Clark walk in and take uncle Lewis ' cigar case from the coffee table . the light on the tree go out . Clark look at the tree , puzzle . he walk over to it . he bend down and plug in the light . the tree light go back on . Clark start to straighten up . he notice something . closeup - floor the strand the cat 's chew be unplugge . clark he plug the light in . there 's a horrendous screech from under the club chair . a tremendous electrical sizzle , the light dim and then a explosion and the house fall dark . int . utility room ( or garage ) 228 rusty hold a cigarette lighter to the circuit box . he reset the breaker and the light go on . int . live room 229 Clark and Eddie be at the chair . the other be gather around and behind . the room smell horrible . ellen what 's that smell ? eddie I think it 's you chair , ellen . clark move it away from the wall . art I tell you you have too many plug in one socket . Clark grumble to himself . he and Eddie lift the chair and carry it away from the wall . , . ( continued ) 229 '' ™~ ' a _\ o 230 & a231 b231 have 95 . continued : 229 everyone lean forward to see what 's behind the chair . there 's a collective gasp . clark oh , God ... closeup - floor the blacken , smolder outline of a cat scorched into the carpet . closeup - aunt bethany and uncle lewis they be try to see past the other . uncle lewis what be it ? ellen shepherd they away . ellen it 's nothing . let 's go finish we dessert . Eddie tilt the chair and look at the underside . eddie if this one 's get nine life , she just spend ‘em all . omitted 230 * i231 * int . foyer - later b231 * clark dad ? can you get the door ? Clark sr. open thefront door . ellen walk in . ellen what be you do , Clark ? clark what 's it look like I be do ? throw away the chair . ellen be it ruin ? clark honey , you and I will not outlive the stink in this piece of furniture . ( continued ) b231 c231 96 . continued : b231 ellen what do you do with the cat ? clark there 's nothing to do anything with , ellen . it blow up . Eddie find its asshole stick to the wall , for God 's sake . ellen watch you mouth ! rusty oh , sick ! I think it be a piece of licorice Rocky spit on the wall . eddie you know , Clark , if somebody hadda get hit with that thing , it coulda put a eye out . clark thanks for share that with I , Eddie . they cart the chair outside . ellen make a general announcement . ellen everything 's fine now . let 's just carry on . it 's tragic and distress , but it 's over . ext . house - curb c231 * Clark and Eddie dump the chair on the parkway next to the Santa and . the reindeer . Clark notice a odor . eddie if you would not mind , Clark , I would like to see if I can fumigate that chair . it 's a good - quality item . you mind if I ask how much it set you back ? clark do you smell something ? eddie deep -fried pussy cat . clark no , it 's some kind of gas . ( continued ) c231 d231 e231 231 97 . continued : . c231 Clark look into the gutter . clark it 's come from the sewer . Eddie pick up the Santa and set it over the sewer grate . eddie that oughta take care of it . Clark shake he head in disgust and head back up to the house . % int . live room d231 uncle Lewis be alone in the live room . he 's stand in front of the tree . he 's lighting he cigar . he puff furiously and he wave the flame under he stoggie . he shake the match . it do not go out . int . live room - clark e231 * Clark have come back inside . he 's put he coat in the closet . there 's a flash of intense light from the live room and a low -pitch poof ! Clark dash into the live room . int . live room - clark 231 % he rush in and recoil in alarm . clark Lewis ! he Pov - uncle Lewis be happily puffing a cigar . the quick , in - tense flash fire have leave the tree a blacken skeleton . closeup - clark he 's in horror . clark the tree ! uncle lewis he look up , oblivious to the raging fire storm behind . ( continued ) 231 a232 232 a233 9 continued : uncle lewis ( cranky ) what be you yell about ? ' clark he point . clark look what you do to my tree ! int . live room - uncle lewis he catch the signal and turn to look at the tree . turn around . his backside 's in flame . closeup - clark horror upon horror . closeup -. uncle lewis he 's look wide - eye at the burn tree . int . live room Clark rip a curtain down and dash to uncle Lewis . closeup - smoke detector it goe off . int . kitchen the woman be clean up the kitchen and get dese ready , Christmas carol be play on the radio , the tv 's blasting for aunt bethany 's benefit . ellen hear the smoke detector . ellen be that the smoke alarm ? nora ( listen ) sound like it . ellen Lewis probably light a cigar . omitted int . live room 8. he rt 231 a232 * 232 * a233 the tree have burn out . Clark slowly unwrap Lewis from the curtain . ( continued ) a233 233 234 235 236 99 . continued : a233 closeup - uncle lewis his toupee 's in he face , he cigar 's crush but still smolder . uncle lewis griz , you be on my priority shit list . int . live room - later 233 the tree be a blacken skeleton . the ceiling be black - ened . the few gift that be place around the bottom of the tree be char . the ornament and light be fry . the carpet around the tree be melt . the family , minus Clark , be in the live room , look at the burn tree . art it be a ugly tree anyway . uncle lewis at least it 's out of its misery . ellen take rusty and audrey into the foyer . rocky ( to Eddie ) will santy Claus still come ? eddie ( think ) that 's a good question , rock . Catherine ? if the tree 's ... catherine of course he will still come , Rocky . uncle lewis if he 's smart , he will stay well clear of this joint . it 's a death - trap from stem to stern . omitted 234 235 int . foyer - ellen and kide 236 audrey and rusty be confuse and upset . audrey Mom ? the tree burn down , the cat blow up ... ( continued ) im i . i oo | | | I — '' / 236 237 238 100 . continued : 236 ellen I know , honey , but there 's nothing we can do about it . rusty dad 's gonna flip out , right ? ellen nobody 's go to flip out . we be go to have a wonderful Christmas . we just have to be patient . there 's nothing to be upset about . the doorbell chime . Clark stomp in from the kitchen . he grab the front door handle and whip it open . int . house - doorway 237 a delivery boy in a blue uniform be stand at the door . he 's hold the door knocker that 's be tear off the door in he hand . the door wreath with blink light be dangle around he arm . his other hand be poise over the doorbell , index finger point . he 's shocked . closeup - clark he bark at the Boy . clark what the hell do you want ?! closeup - delivery boy he 's horrify . ' delivery boy I have a delivery for Clark W. griswold . I be suppose to deliver it yesterday but it fall between the seat and I do not see it . I be sorry . he hold up a envelope . closeup - clark his angry expression wither as he see the envelope . int . foyer 238 the Delivery Boy hand Clark the envelope . delivery boy merry Christmas . ( continued ) * % oe * % % 238 101 . continued : clark ( look up from the envelope ) merry Christmas ... he close the door and stare at the envelope . clark I can not believe it . art what be it ? a letter confirm you reservation at the nuthouse ? clark it 's from my company . ellen you bonus ! clark my bonus ! 238 he grab ellen and hug and kiss she . he bring audrey and rusty into he embrace . nora open it , clarkie . eddie Clark ? I hope it 's a fortune . Clark start to sob , smiling , sobbing , gush emotion . uncle lewis . I never see such a sight , jeezuzzz ! clark I think ... I never know ... I be afraid ... art you gonna bawl all over it or be you go to open it ? clark I be go to wait until tomorrow to tell you all this but what the heck . with this bonus check ... ( hold up the envelope ) ... zi be put in a swim pool ! there 's a moment of stunne silence follow by a glee - ful outburst . ( continued ) we * emo eo ad 238 102 . continued : ( 2 ) 238 clark that 's it , the big one . * ellen open it , honey . clark I be sorry if I have be a little * short with everyone . I have be wait for this check . to make * sure the pool go in as soon as * the ground thaws , I have to lay out * the money in advance . until this * little miracle arrive , I do not * have the money to cover the check . * audrey * tear the sucker open , dad ! * he tear open the envelope slowly and deliberately , teasing himself and the other . he bring the envelope to he lip and blow , inflate it . with great flair , he reach two finger into the envelope and snare its content . he withdraw a green slip of paper . he wave it in the air . clark if there 's enough leave over , I will fly you all in to help we dedicate it ! eddie Clark ? I can not swim . * clark I know . * he turn the slip of paper over and look at it . closeup - clark ' his face freeze . he stare at the check . he let out a strange , high - pitch giggle . then he turn deadly serious . the family stare at Clark , unable to understand he sudden change of spirit . ellen Clark ? what 's wrong ? Clark do not answer . he just stare at the piece of paper . ( continued ) '' ) 238 continued : ( 3 ) ellen honey ? he do not respond . ellen be it bigger than you expect ? Clark shake he head , no . ellen smaller ? Clark shake he head again . ellen well , what be it ? clark a one - year membership in the jelly - of - the-month Club . ellen oh , God , Clark . the family be knock into silence by the news . eddie ( innocently ) that 's a gift that keep on give the whole year . clark that it be , Edward . that it be , indeed . ellen try to calm Clark down , fear . another explosion . . ellen Clark ? I be sorry . the family back away as Clark 's temper rise . clark if this be not the biggest bag - over - the-head punch in the face I ever get . goddamnit ! listen , if any of you be look for last minute gift idea for I , I have one . I would like Frank shirley , my boss . right here . tonight . 103 . 238 ( continued ) 7 ) 238 239 104 . continued : ( 4 ) 238 closeup - eddie . he look at Clark as a idea seep into he thought . : clark ( 0.s. ) I want he bring from he happy holiday slumber over there on melody Lane with the other rich people and I want he bring right here . int . foyer Clark 's eye be wide with anger . clark with a big ribbon on he head . I want to look he in the eye and tell he what a cheap , lie , no -good , rotten , four-flusing , low - life , snake - lickin ' , dirt -eatin’ , in - breed , overstuff , ignorant , pus-ooze , blood - suck , dog-kiss , brainless , dickless , heartless , hopeless , fat -ass , bug -ey , stiff - legge , spotty - lipped , worm -headed sack of monkey shit he be ! ( pause ) hallelujah ! Holy shit ! where 's the tylenol ?! Clark storm out of the room into the kitchen , leave the family silent . closeup - eddie he grin . closeup - ellen she clear she throat . ellen how about some eggnog ? o.s. a chainsaw kick in . ext . house 239 Clark come out of the garage with the chainsaw roaring . ellen and all the kid hurry out the front door . ( continued ) | | | 239 cy nd | : | | ; : | : =) oo 240 105 . continued : 239 audrey he 's get that look , do not he ? rusty we should have go to Hawaii . ellen turn that thing off and get in the house ! Clark ignore she and head for the corner of the house . rusty I will talk to he , Mom . rusty step off the porch and approach Clark . rusty dad ? closeup - clark he turn to rusty . he have a angry look in he eye and a chainsaw in he hand . closeup - rusty he step back . rusty good talk , dad . Clark turn from rusty and march across he lawn to a blue spruce on the corner of he property . he lay the chainsaw into the trunk and yell at the top of he voice . clark tim-bar !! int . todd and margo' house - night 240 they be sit in the live room have cocktail , listen to New Age Christmas music . margo be not you just the tiniest bit sorry we do not get . a Christmas tree ? even if they be dirty and messy and corny and cliched ? todd where be we go to get a tree at this hour on Christmas Eve ? ( continued ) * * * | | | | od 240 241 106 . continued : 240 - behind they , the end of Clark 's blue spruce crash through they window . % int . master bathroom - later 241 Clark 's wash he hand . ellen be scowling at he . * clark what ? ellen be that really necessary ? Clark play dumb . the heat of the moment have cool and he feel slightly foolish for he outburst . clark what ? ellen make a scene like that ? clark we need a tree . ellen May I remind you ... clark ( finish she * think ) that this be my idea . Neo . I be well aware of it . ellen could you keep that in mind next time you go berserk ? clark I do not go berserk . I simply solve a problem . we need a coffin ... tree . there be no tree lot open on Christmas Eve . you uncle burn down my tree so I simply replace it as best I could . ellen you be okay ? clark honey , I be fine . ( continued ) ws as | 107 . 241 continued : 241 Clark pick up he chainsaw off the bathroom vanity and exit , | 242 int . house - foyer - stairway - night 242 | Clark come down the stair . he grab the newelpost and * ; the ornamental piece atop it come loose in he hand . he look at it angrily , put it back , start up the chainsaw and level the newelpost in one , clean swipe . clark ( loud , to ellen ) fix the newelpost ! 243 ext . STREET 243 | the burn tree be on the curb next to the chair . the * | rv back out of the driveway . | a244 omitted a244 * | 244 int . live room 244 | the new tree be up and have be hastily decorate with * | ornament salvage from the burn tree . a single i strand of light , melt , elongate bulb , and char * | tinsel . the family have reassemble in the live room . * | Clark walk . in and place present under the tree . = i closeup - ' bethany she perk up . * aunt bethany what 's that sound ? all eye turn to bethany . * bethany do you hear it ? a funny squeaking sound ? uncle lewis you could not hear a dump truck drive through a nitroglycerine plant ... clark shh ! I hear it , too . we hear a faint but distinctive , high - pitched squeal . dt 245 246 108 . int . laundry room 245 snot be lock in the laundry where he 's thoroughly chew up a full load of wash . he stop chew . he look at the door . his ear perk up . int . live room 246 the squealing grow louder . everyone lean forward to listen closer . closeup - clark he lean down to the tree and have a listen . clark I do not hear it anymore . he Pov thick , fresh branch with char ornament and a single strand of light . closeup - clark from inside the tree . Clark 's hand separate the branch as he peer into the tree . a sudden look of shock . he Pov a squirrel leap into camera . all hell break loose as a wild craze , shrieking squirrel burst into the room . . clark Holy infant ! ' rusty squirrel ! people be run every which way , bump into each other . nora faint dead away in the middle of the room . Lewis ' cigar ash spray as he ram Clark sr. Ruby Sue and Rocky be scream at the top of they voice . the woman be scream . Art deck Francis on he way out . the squirrel go up the drape and leap onto the couch . closeup - bethany she 's oblivious to the mayhem . closeup bethany's legs befit she age , she 's sit with she leg relatively far apart . a beat and the squirrel run up one of she leg under she skirt . ( continued ) oo ) + 246 247 a248 109 . continued : closeup - bethany a puzzle look on she face . she grimace and give a yank on she undy . aunt bethany oh , my ! I hope somebody get I a girdle . this one 's pinching and bind something terrible . the family 's in horror as they watch bethany . there Pov bethany be still unaware of what 's up she skirt . we can see the squirrel scramble around she lap . closeup - lewis and clark he look up from bethany to Clark . uncle lewis you can write that son of a bitch off . nothin ' go up there and life to tell about it . Clark and Lewis look back at bethany . a beat and they scream . the squirrel fly into frame . omitted int . foyer everyone 's huddle in the foyer scream and shiver in revulsion . clark quiet ! shut-uuuuup ! the scream dribble out . clark we do not want it to get out of the live room ! give I a coat ! where 's Eddie ? he eat this goddamn thing . catherine not recently , Clark . he read that squirrel be high in cholesterol . clark thank you , Catherine . ( more ) . ( continued ) 246 247 a248 % % oe % % coad bg * a248 248 a249 110 . continued : a248 clark ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) * I will try and trap the thing under * acoat . audrey , get I grandpa * Art 's overcoat . rusty , go get the * hammer . * ellen what do you need a hammer for ? * clark I will catch it in the coat and * smack it with the hammer . * Ruby Sue scream . Francis faint . * omitted 248 * int . live room ' a249 * it 's silent . nora 's out cold in the middle of the room . bethany 's still sit on the couch . Clark and Clark * sr. tiptoe into the room . clark sr . nora ? for whatever reason , nora 's play dead . she lay perfectly still . nora ( whisper ) be it go ? clark sr . nope . just lay still . Clark ? you want to get bethany out of here ? clark dad , do you honestly think there 's anything else the squirrel could do to she ? clark . sr . that 's a point . Clark step lightly into the room . he make a chirp sound . there 's no response . closeup - clark he 's on full alert . nerves tingling . ( continued ) a249 b249 c249 d249 e249 249 250 111 . continued : clark it probably get scared and run back into the tree . clark Pov moving toward the tree . back to scene as Clark step over nora , she start to slowly get up . she lift she butt in the air , afraid to move too quickly . as Clark pass , camera goe with he , reveal - ing the squirrel on he back . closeup - clark sr . he see the squirrel and yell . clark sr . it 's on you back ! back to scene Clark scream , turn and plow into nora , spilling she ass over tea kettle again . it 's mayhem in the foyer as everyone run in opposite direction . int . kitchen ellen and rusty burst into the kitchen . int . dine room Catherine crash into the dining room table . int . kitchen Clark fly into the kitchen . int . foyer there 's a wild scramble for the stair . everyone run up . audrey run out of the kitchen with the squirrel cling to she head . as she pass the stair , the squirrel leap onto Clark sr. and onto the stair . int . kitchen - laundry room door snot burst through the door . omitted a249 b249 c249 d249 e249 249 250 % % * % oe — '' a251 251 a252 252 a253 253 through a255 b255 255 112 . int . foyer a251 snot charge in from the kitchen , decking Art . ina spray of foam and spit , the dog tear up the stair , barking and snarling . a beat and the people that run upstairs plow back down . omitted 251 int house - live room a252 everyone charge into the live room . omitted 252 int . house - foyer a253 the squirrel , follow by snot , clamber down the stair and run into the kitchen . . omitted 253 through a255 ext . margo and todd be house - porch b255 Todd and margo stand on the porch . margo you march right over there and slug that prick in the face ! _ todd I can not just attack someone . margo if you be not man enough to put a stop to it , I be . she march off the porch , head for the griswold . int . foyer 255 Clark cautiously come back in . it 's silent . snot and the squirrel charge in from the kitchen . Clark grab the door handle and whip the door open . closeup - margo she 's stand in the door . her eye pop and she scream . her Pov the squirrel leap for she face . snot be right behind , head for she midsection . * oe the 256 a257 257 113 . int . foyer - clark 256 slam the door . clark go ! int . margo and todd be house - foyer a257 * the doorbell ring . the front door open . margo step in . her face be claw from the squirrel , the bottom half of she outfit be tear off . her pantyhose be shred and hang around she ankle . her top be claw open . . closeup - todd he 's horrify . todd my God ! what happen to you ? closeup - margo she push the hair out of she face . she draw back and throw a mighty punch . Todd hit the deck . margo step over he and head for the stair . int . griswold house - foyer 257 Clark come down the stair in a Santa suit . ellen and the kid follow . Catherine be behind they . Art and Francis be at the closet get they coat . : clark where do you think you be go ? % % Art and Francis look up at Clark with alarm . * clark nobody 's leave . nobody 's walk out on this fun , old - fashioned family Christmas . no , no . we have a full - blow , four - alarm holiday emergency here . we be gonna press on and we be gonna have the hap-hap- happiest Christmas since Bing crosby tap - dance with Danny fuckin ' kaye . and when Santa squeezé he fat , white ass down the chimney tonight , he 's gonna find the jolliest bunch of asshole this side of the nuthouse . % % ( continued ) 114 . 257 continued : 257 art you be goofy ! clark do not piss I off , art. ellen Clark ! it 's over . clark not accord to Santa 's watch , it 's not . clark sr . son? clark dad ? stay out of this . ellen I think it 's best if everybody * just go home before thing get * any worse . * clark how the hell could it get any worse ? take a look around , ellen . we be at the threshold of hell . a258 ext . mansion a258 * the rv whip out of a long driveway and hit the street on two wheel . b258 int . house - kitchen b258 * Clark sr. be talk to Clark . clark sr . Son , I love you , we all love you . this be a terrible night , nothing 's go right , it 's a disaster , but you sit out there sing like a lunatic only make thing worse . Clark look at he , feel slightly foolish . - clark sr . you be too good a father to act like this . in year to come , you _want you child and you family to remember all the love you give we and how hard you try to make the perfect Christmas . ( continued ) L b258 c258 d258 e258 115 . continued : clark I just ... clark sr . you just cocked it up . it 's okay . it happen . go upstairs and put on some fresh clothes and a happy attitude . clark all of we holiday be always a mess . how do you get through it ? clark sr . I have a lot of help from Jack Daniels . clark good talk , dad . clark sr . good talk , son . clark be you gonna recite ' the night before Christmas ' ? clark sr . no . it 's you house , it 's you Christmas . I be retire . int . live room the family be seat in the live room . Clark 's stand at the fireplace . clark the child be nestle all snug in they bed , while vision of sugarplums dance in they head . ext . house the rv roar into the driveway and slam to a stop . int . live room - gloseup - clark he continue he recitation . clark when out on the lawn there arise such a clatter . ( continued ) b258 c258 d258 e258 * * e258 —™ lf f258 g258 oo h258 j258 116 . continued : : e258 closeup - rocky and ruby sue they listen intently . clark ( 0.s. ) I spring from my bed to see what be the matter . ext . house - rv f258 the rv door fly open . int . live room g258 Clark step from the fireplace as he physically interpret the poem . clark away to the window I fly like a flash , tore open the shutter and throw up the sash . with great flair , Clark throw open the curtain on a bay at the front of the room . clark the moon on the breast of the new - fall snow gave luster of midday to object below ; when what to my wonder eye should appear ... Clark take a close look out the window . clark but a miniature sleigh and ... ' Eddie , my cousin , a man with no brain and my boss in he jammy all wrap up in chain . int . foyer h258 the front door open and Eddie enter with frank shirley . his hair 's muss , he face be red with anger , a Christmas bow be tie tightly over he mouth to silence he . he 's in he pajamas and slipper , bound wrist and ankle in dog chain . he mumble and grumble with rage . int . live room j258 the family be gather in the doorway in stunne silence . I CO ) 117 . k258 int . foyer - closeup - eddie k258 * Big , proud grin . eddie merry Christmas , Clark . * l258 int . live room - closeup - clark l258 he 's speechless with shock . m258 int . foyer ~ eddie and frank m258 * Eddie look at Frank . eddie you ready to do some kissing ? Frank 's eye bulge in horror . 258 ext . mansion - night 258 Frank shirley 's house . the light be on . * 259 int . mansion - library 259 helen shirley be on the phone . she 's frantic . helen my husband 's be abduct . * 260 int . griswold live room - night ( later ) : 260 the ribbon and chain have be remove from Frank shirley . he shake the ' cramp out of he wrist . frank I have never be treat like this in my life . ellen I be sorry . this be . we family 's first kidnap . frank ( the Clark ) you be fire ! where 's the phone ? I be call the police . eddie hold you wad , there , fella . Clark do not have nothing to do with it . this be my idea . frank alright . he 's still fire and you be go to jail ! * ka 261 a262 262 a263 b263 118 . omitted closeup - boot several pair of Jack boot run across the snow . int . griswold live room - night clark no . it 's my fault , eddie. ( to Frank ) I lose my temper when I get my bonus and I say some thing I should not have . Frank 's confuse . he think for a moment . frank how do you get a bonus ? I cut out bonuse this year . closeup - rifle a fresh clip be slam into a assault rifle . int . live room Clark be offended by Frank 's arrogance . clark and thanks for tell we . I be expect a check and instead I get enrol in a jelly club . seventeen year with the company and I have get a Christmas bonus every year but this one . if you do not want to give bonuse , that 's fine , but when people count on it as part of they salary , what you do just plain ... rusty lick it . clark thanks , russ. ( pause ) my brother - in -law , whose heart be a lot bigger than he brain ... eddie ( sincere ) I appreciate that , Clark . ( continued ) 261 a262 262 b263 % * oe HH * b263 for dk ; | | oo c263 d263 J 119 . continued : b263 clark - ... be innocent . i'11l be more than happy to take the rap on this . on my behalf and on behalf of every other employee you rear-end this Christmas . closeup - frank he feel guilty . he look around the room . franks Pov moving across the sad , confuse , angry face of the griswold family . Clark 's weary face , ellen 's embar - rassment , the child 's confusion , the cold anger of the grandparent . small , common people who be righteous in they innocence . closeup - frank he can not sustain he anger . his heart melt . he see , first -hand the people he bloodless policy affect . after a consider pause he offer he apology . frank sometimes thing look good on paper but lose they luster when you see the effect on real folk . a healthy bottom line do not mean much if to get it you hurt the one you depend on . Clark ? whatever you get last year , add twenty percent . closeup - clark he 's burst with joy . . he look to ellen , to the kid , the rest of the family . the family delight in the news . ellen run to Clark . he lift she off she foot . . clark merry Christmas , ellen . ext . STREET - police car c263 * Three suburban squad car grind to a halt . int . live room d263 * rusty hold up he hand to Clark . ( continued ) d263 e263 f263 6263 h263 j263 k263 l263 120 . continued : d263 rusty to the old - fashioned fun family Christmas . Clark slap he hand . audrey kiss he . audrey thanks , daddy . Art walk over to Clark and offer he hand . . art merry Christmas , son . Clark take Art 's hand . clark thanks , Art . ext . todd and margo' house - porch e263 Police officer stream into the house . int . live room - closeup ~ clark f263 he turn to the family with a huge grin . clark hey , everybody ! merry Christmas to all and to all . a good night ! angle 6263 florid , sentimental music come up . camera pull back from Clark . out the window to the lawn and two dozen police officer on the lawn . to a street jamme with police vehicle and cop . ext . griswold house - closeup - police commander h263 he bark a sharp order . int . house - foyer - closeup - uncle lewis j263 uncle Lewis stand at the front . door. ext . griswold house - lewis' Pov k263 a wave of officer approach the house . int . live room l263 Lewis saunter into the live room . : ( continued ) cs * * l263 m263 263 through - 265 a266 121. continued : : l263 * uncle lewis griz ! you get just what you need . more friggin’ company ! closeup - clark he turn to Lewis , puzzle . he look to Frank shirley . clark Frank ? do you call and let you wife know you be alright ? closeup - frank it occur to he that he 's forget to call he wife . frank ( pause ) no. int . live room the live room window be bashed - out by rifle barrel . int . foyer m263 * cop storm in the door . omitted 263 * through 265 * int . todd and margo' house - bedroom a266 * margo 's in bed . alone . there 's a knock on the door . margo ( yell ) go to hell , you worm ! there 's another knock . margo if you want to come in here , you be gonna have to break down the goddamn door ! the door blow off the hinge . armed officer charge into the room and clamor over the bed to the window face the griswold house . 266 through 274 275 276 a277 b277 277 122. omitted int . clark house - live room police charge the room . officer freeze ! 266 * through 274 * 275 * the family freeze . Clark 's on one foot , arm out , catch in mid-stride . ellen , Clark sr. , Francis and Frank shirley , be catch in a rise squat . nora freeze adjust she bra . audrey 's adjust she underpant , rusty 's about to sneeze . uncle Lewis be freeze hold a light match . Art be bent forward in pain . Rocky have a finger in he nose , Catherine in hold a hankie to Ruby Sue 's nose , Eddie be adjust he ball . bethany continue to drink she eggnog . snot be in the corner freeze in a half - seat position . ext . house a police car pull up and stop at the curb . a middle - age woman , helen shirley , get out . a high -ranking officer greet she and escort she to the house . int . live room the police hold the family at gun point as they search the family . clark I think you have make a terrible mistake . coop I tell you to freeze ! Clark hold he position and talk through he clench tooth . May we blink ? int . foyer Mrs. shirley and the Officer walk in and cross to the live room . int . live room - closeup - frank he 's freeze in semi-squat with he hand in he hair . frank helen ! ( continued ) * * * * 276 * * * a277 * b277 * 277 * * ah 277 continued : 123 . 277 helen run to Frank and embrace he . helen thank God , you be alright ! frank I be fine . I be just fine . there 's be a big misunderstanding tonight . officer Excuse I , would you and Mrs. shirley like to step outside while we take care of business here ? frank there 's no business . I be not press any charge . helen what ? frank it be a mistake . helen Frank , you be kidnap . frank I do something I should not have and this people call I on it . this be Clark griswold and he family . ellen welcome to we home . what 's leave of it . helen be completely baffle . helen what be go on here ? frank remember how I be toy with the notion of suspending Christmas bonuse ? helen you do not ... frank I change my mind . I be reinstate all the bonuse . ( contenued ) * ce % % * oe HH eo oe fc 124 . ~ 277 continued : ( 2 ) , 277 , wd helen i of all the cheap , lousy way to * i save a buck , I be ashamed of you , * } Frank . | ! frank i you be not go to fire I , be * , you , honey ? * closeup - rocky * he 's stand at the window look out . * _ rocky * look ! * . i everyone turn to Rocky . * 278 omitted 278 * through through 282 282 * a283 int . foyer a283 * . Rocky run into the foyer and dash outside . * CO b283 int . live room b283 * the family , the police , Frank and helen exit . c283 ext . front yard c283 * Rocky stand on the lawn , look up at the sky . every - * one come outside and gather around he . * d283 ext . sky d283 * a red dot of light , low in the sky . e283 ext . front yard - closeup - clark e283 * he look up at the light with a grin . . | clark that 's the Christmas star . a snowflake fall . clark and it 's all that matter tonight . not bonuse or gift or turkey or uf tree . it mean something ud different to everybody and now I know what it mean to I . f283 6283 h283 283 125 . ext . house - doorway f283 * aunt bethany 's stand in the doorway . she begin to recite softly . aunt bethany " yea , Lord , we greet thee bear this happy morning Jesus , to thee all glory giv and Word of the Father . ' ext . house g283 * Clark take ellen 's hand . ellen take audrey 's hand . audrey take rusty 's hand . rusty take nora 's hand . nora take Francis 's hand . Francis take Frank shirley 's hand . and so on until everyone be hold hand . omitted h283 * ext . clark house - front yard 283 aunt bethany begin to sing . * aunt bethany " now in flesh appear o come let we adore he o come let we adore he venite adoremus dominium Christ the Lord . ' closeup - lewis he 's stand next to the Santa on the curb . he have a * cigar in he mouth . he strike the match on the Santa 's * ass and light he cigar . . * uncle lewis '' that be not the friggin’ Christmas * Star , griz . that 's the light on * the water treatment plant . * closeup - clark a terrible think cross he mind . * clark * sewer gas ! closeup - lewis % he finish lighting the cigar and shake the match . ( continued ) wt 283 284 285 , 126 . continued : 283 closeup - clark he make a move for Lewis . clark do not drop that ...! closeup - lewis he flip the match over he shoulder . extreme closeup - match drop in the sewer . there 's a flash of light . a explosion . the explosion blow the Santa and the reindeer and the merry Christmas sign into the sky . everybody hit the deck . bethany remain stand . closeup - bethany she look into the sky . ext . sky - bethany's Pov 284 the Santa rocket into the air , glow and sparking . ext . house - closeup - bethany 285 look to the sky . she put she hand to she heart and begin to sing again . aunt bethany " and the rocket 's red glare the bomb burst in air gave proof through the night that we flag be still there ... ' everyone put they hand to they heart and join in . all ' oh , say do that star-spangled banner yet wave . for the land of the free and the home of the brave . 's aunt bethany play ball ! closeup - ruby sue she look up into the sky . * ee * % * he oe 286 287 288 289 127 . ext . sky - ruby sue' Pov 286 the Santa and the reindeer and the sign arc arcoss the full moon . ext . house - closeup - ruby sue 287 a huge smile . ruby sue uncle Clark ? closeup - clark he look at Ruby Sue . closeup - ruby sue she point to the sky . ruby sue santy Claus be not bullshit ! he 's real . closeup - clark he look at Ruby Sue and give she a wink . int . house -. live room 288 Frank and helen , the police , the grandparent , Eddie and he family , rusty and audrey be crowded into the live room .. the grandmother be serve coffee . the police commander 's play the piano and the officer be sing - ing , in less than wonderful voice , " I saw mommy kissing santa claus . " ext . house - yard 289 Clark 's still in the yard look up at the Christmas star . ellen put she arm around he waist . ellen merry Christmas , Clark . she kiss he cheek and head back to the house . Clark continue to look at the star . closeup - clark he grin triumphantly . I do it ! ( continued ) os * % % 289 290 291 292 293 128. continued : 289 he laugh to himself . - snot return from the squirrel chase and saunter over to Clark . Clark look down at he . he Pov - closeup - snot snot look up at he , suck , cough , and ... closeup - clark . spit . a troubled think cross Clark 's mind . we closeup - clark leg snot put he paw between Clark 's foot . ext . house - porch 290 . * ellen stand in the doorway . ellen Clark ? be you come in ? ext . yard - closeup - clark 291 * he look down at snot and then to the door . : clark in a couple minute , honey . ext . house porch - ellen : 292 * she go inside and close the door . the light on the house go off . ext . yard - closeup - clark : 293 * he look down at snot . : clark merry Christmas , snot . fade on Clark 's smile face . the singing dog ' rendition of " jingle bell " come up and ... fade out . the end 294 post-credits fade in : int . todd and margo' bedroom - night they be in bed . todd it 's over , honey . griswold have he Christmas . nothing else can happen . it 's quiet , it 's peaceful , all be calm . margo will you just hold I ? todd of course . he fold she into he arm . todd let 's go to sleep and let vision of sugarplums dance in we head . margo I be so tense . todd sweetheart , if we do not go to sleep , Santa Claus will not come . margo you be so cute . 129 . a long beat and the santa , the reindeer and the light crash through the ceiling into the bedroom . fade out . 294 i a a %