national treasure current draft by the wibberley 's previous draft by Jim kouf E. Max frye jon turteltaub junction entertainment bruckheimer film disney draft date April 9 , 2003 national treasure fade in on : ext . georgetown street , 1832 - night wet cobblestone be beat by a_ heavy rain . a carriage wheel splashes through huge puddle . man' voice it be 1832 ... ext . carriage , moving - night the carriage race through the darken street . a flash of lightning illuminate the coachman . it 's a drench boy , thomas gate . man' voice ... Thomas Gates be ten year old . Thomas whip the wild - eye horse and turn a sharp corner . int . carriage , moving - night Riding inside be charle carroll . he 's 96 year old . his weak body wrack with cough , death close in . man' voice Mr. Charles Carroll , the last survive signer of the declaration of Independence have ask Thomas to take he to see President Andrew Jackson . he say it be urgent . ext . the white house - night gbrough the White House window , we can_see finely dress gentlemen and women party , old -school . Thomas pull the carriage to a stop , jump down , and sprint to a doorman . thomas the President must come quickly ! int . carriage - night Thomas open the carriage door , but Carroll sit motionless . thomas Mr. Carroll ? Carroll peek open a eye , cough weakly . carroll ( off Thomas ' look ) he 's not come , be he ? National treasure , 4/9/03 continued : thomas they tell I he be busy . carroll but the treasure ! the treasure ! Carroll break into a fit of cough . Thomas look down and see that Carroll 's handkerchief be stain with blood . thomas we should have go to see the doctor . Carroll suddenly pull the boy close . carroll listen now , or the secret die with I ! Carroll stare at Thomas , dead serious . Carroll 's face be ashen . a desperate look in he eye . Thomas listen . man' voice that night , Mr. Carroll tell Thomas about a great treasure , the great treasure of they all ... flash to : a pyramid , egypt 2000 b.c. night . the surround city be on fire . int . pyramid - night carry torch , slave bust down a stone wall , revealing a dark room . a slave hold up he torch to see ... a room made of solid gold , fill with item make of gold and precious stone . man' voice ... a treasure amass throughout all time ... as_the slave loot the pharaoh 's tomb , we push in on the golden tomb wall which be decorate with masonic symbol : the all - seeing eye and the unfinished pyramid . ext . jerusalem , 70 a.d . - night roman soldier carry treasure out of the burn Temple of Solomon . we recognize the treasure as the same treasure from Egypt , only now it include more ... copper scroll . a gold menorah . a gold bas relief . man' voice ... a treasure amass over all continent ... 6 10 11 12 13 National treasure , 4/9/03 3 . continued : 8 as the soldier cart out the treasure , we see the same masonic symbol on the temple column , then CUT to ... a tremendous pounding . close on men' hand wear 9 armored glove . they draw straw . one hand pull the short straw . we widen to reveal we be in ... int . church , 14th century FRANCE - night 10 a group of knight wear masonic insignia on they armor look to they brother with the short straw . the pounding intensifies . soldier be bang down the church door . man' voice ... a_treasure the Knights of the templar find and swore to protect ... the knight with the short straw surrender he armor , don a monk' robe , and slip out just as soldier burst through the church door . the outnumber knight fight bravely . ext . forest - night 11 the knight who get away lead a small caravan through the forest . in the carriage , hide under tarp ... the treasure . ext . castle courtyard - day 12 king philip of FRANCE watch emotionless as the Knights who do not escape be burned at the stake . man' voice ... even when face with death . for the Knights believe that a treasure so great be not mean for any one man , king or not . the knight ' scream be drown out by the sound of the ocean as we CUT to ... ext . atlantic ocean , 1492 - day 13 a ship laden with the treasure cross the stormy sea . the ship 's name ... the santa maria . man' voice ... the templar Knights who escape execution take the treasure to the New World ... at the ship 's helm be christopher columbus . we push in on a medallion hang around he neck . on it , the pyramid and all - seeing eye . man' voice ( cont 'd ) ... the Knights be fugitive and develop secret password and sign of they order ... 13 14 15 16 17 18 National treasure , 4/9/03 4 . continued : 13 we keep pushing in on the medallion until the pyramid fill the screen . we then transition to ... ext . the pyramid of the SUN , 1521 - day 14 aztec hurriedly unload the treasure from the pyramid as hernando cortes and he army attack the city . man' voice ... the treasure survive many more war and be move many time ... int . crypt , 1779 - night 15 carry a lantern , a man wear a tricorn hat close the stone door on the treasure . the man be count casimir pulaski , general of the Continental Army . man' voice ... some believe it be bury in nova scotia , but Mr. Carroll tell Thomas the treasure have be hide by the freemason , the descendant of the templar Knights . this descendant include such man as Patrick Henry , Benjamin Franklin , George Washington ... ext . battlefield , savannah , georgia 1779 - day 16 rallying he troops against the Red coat , pulaski take a musket ball in the chest and fall from he horse . man' voice ... and other soldier who fight bravely for the Continental Army during the Revolutionary war. len like Count casimir pulaski who die in the Siege of Savannah ... CUT to later . soldier comb through the battlefield 17 carnage . they find pulaski 's dead body and roll he over . on he finger , we _now see he 's wear a silver ring bear the all - seeing eye and pyrami symbol . man' voice ... and take the secret to the whereabouts of the treasure to he grave ... the soldier search pulaski but find only a piece of paper with one word write on it : " charlotte . " flash back to : int . carriage - night 18 with he last breath of life ... 18 19 National treasure , 4/9/03 5 . continued : 18 carroll ... the secret lie with Charlotte . find she , and you will find the treasure . tell the President . tell no one else . with that , Carroll die . we now notice that Carroll be also wear a masonic ring . suddenly , the carriage door open to reveal president andrew jackson , a_tall man with flow grey hair . he look to Mr. Carroll , but he 's ... too late . president jackson poor old fool . come all the way here in the pour rain . ext . the white house - night 19 President Jackson start back . Thomas hurry after he . thomas wait ! Mr. Carroll want I to tell you something . president jackson if this be about that damned treasure -- thomas -- you know of it ? president jackson he 's speak of it no less than a hundred time . thomas he say Charlotte have it . president jackson we have be look for Charlotte for year . she do not exist . the president stop and look at Thomas . president jackson ( cont 'd ) who be you , young man ? thomas Thomas Gates . president jackson well , you would best forget anything Mr. Carroll tell you . the treasure be a legend . nothing more . with that , President Jackson turn back to the White House . we push in on Thomas ' face , watch the President go . 19 20 National treasure , 4/9/03 continued : man' voice well , Thomas never forget ... dissolve to : int . retirement home , rec room , 1983 - day elderly folk watch current President Ronald Reagan on t.v. while JOHN adam gate ( 78 ) finish _regaling he wide - eye , 10 - year - old grandson BEN franklin gate with he tale . ( we realize now that the man' voice belong to John . ) JOHN Thomas look for Charlotte ... John Gates ' face reflect a long life spend chal engang the element . he turn a page in a tatter old scrapbook . close on a black and white photo . a grow - up Thomas Gates stand at a excavation site , Aztec ruin in the background . the caption : " Thomas Gates , teotihuacan , Mexico 1856 " JOHN ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ... as do he son , George Washington Gates ... John turn the page to another photo of another gate . all the Gates man bear a strong family resemblance . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ... generation after generation , we ancestor have try to find Charlotte and fail . BEN maybe Charlotte be a anagram . you know , you rearrange the letter , and it mean something else . John stop . he 's never think of that before . JOHN like " hotel crate . " BEN that 's too many e's . it would have to be the " hotel cart , " or " tear cloth " or " teal torch " or " Rachel ott . " Ben quickly rattles off the anagram . John be impressed . JOHN maybe you will be the one who finally find she . BEN how will I know it 's the right Charlotte when I do ? 19 20 20 National treasure , 4/9/03 7 . continued : 20 John pull out a $ 1 - bill and press it on he t.v. tray . JOHN because she will be mark with this . close on the $ 1 - bill . John 's craggy finger point to the unfinished pyramid and all - seeing E on the back . JOHN ( cont 'd ) the unfinish pyramid and the all - see eye . the mark of the Knights of the templar . Ben study the dollar- bill with newfound curious awe . JOHN ( cont 'd ) we founding father , the freemason , design we nation 's great seal and leave we all the clue . this symbol be tell we something . i’ just do not know what . BEN do not worry , grandpa . I will figure it out , and I ’1ll find she . TI swear . man' voice ( 0.s. ) you swear what ? they turn to find Ben 's father patrick henry gate ( 40s ) . Patrick look just like he father , albeit decade young . BEN that I will find Charlotte . Patrick shoot a baleful look to he dad . patrick dammit , dad . how many time have I tell you ? Ben 's not go to waste he time chase a treasure that do not exist . JOHN he 's a Gates . it 's in he blood . Ben 's gonna look for it , just like you do and I do . patrick he 's smarter than we . Ben 's go to Harvard . he 's go to be a lawyer or a_doctor . right , Ben ? Ben look to he dad , then to he grandpa , then back to he dad as we dissolve to ... white . all we can hear be ... beep ... beep ... beep . a heart monitor ? the beep fade . 20 21 22 23 National treasure , 4/9/03 8 . continued : ( 2 ) 20 grown -up ben' voice we be lose she ... we widen to reveal we be in ... ext . snowcat , moving - day 21 dress in heavy arctic gear , intrepid explorer BEN gate ( late 20 , strong family resemblance ) monitor a laptop . on the screen , red and blue dot signif ing amplitude make random pattern on a subsurface trace of beeping gpr pulse . BEN ... go leave . the driver , riley poole ( 25 , unkempt ) , crank the wheel . ext . barren arctic landscape - day 22 the snowcat ( the endeavor ) trundle leave , its tractor tread claw through the ice . the endeavor also have giant screw - shape pontoon to propel over water . ext . the endeavor , moving - day 23 riley wipe the frost from the window . riley maybe she 's not here . BEN she 's here . riley we have be look for week . you be go on data that 's 200 year old . BEN 200 - year-old data be usually the kind of data you go on when you be look for something that 's be lose for 200 year . riley sailor have a way of exaggerate you know . what if the storm be not as big as they say it be ? we could be hundred of mile off . Ben scan the landscape ahead where the ice end in a sheer glacial cliff . BEN the inuit say they could still see the mast poke up through the ice just three generation ago . 23 24 25 26 National treasure , 4/9/03 9 . continued : 23 riley be they smoking anything at the time ? BEN only for medicinal purpose . just then , the gpr bleep loudly . they both look to ... the computer screen . we now see that the red and blue dot have take a unmistakable shape ... a blob with splatter . Ben and riley exchange a look . hopeful but wary . riley could be a freeze whale . CUT to a ice ax . it swing hard , shatter the ice , 24 revealing a woman' frozen face . we pull back to reveal ... ext . arctic landscape - day 25 Ben chip away the ice . as the ice be chip away , we see the face be carve out of wood . BEN be not she beautiful ? Ben grin . when riley see the face , he be stunne . riley I will radio base camp . ext . arctic landscape - day - later 26 holding a pote ( use for measure snow depth ) Ben and riley watch as three snowmobile approach and pull to stop . riley I would hate to be you right now . a lot of people rely on you . a lot of money riding on this . BEN I would hate_to be you right now . all that cholesterol and hair where it 's not suppose to be . a man wear expensive high - tech gear hop out of a snowcat . this be ian howe ( 40s , british ) . a rich adventurer . ian Gates ! where be she ? Ben gesture to the figurehead in the snow . when Ian see the woman 's face , he grin like a kid on Christmas morning . National treasure , 4/9/03 10 . 26 continued : 26 ian ( cont 'd ) bloody hell , you find it . you really find it ! you be a genius ! riley I tell you if you underwrote this expedition , you would not be sorry . ian ( call to he crew ) Shaw ! get the champagne . Ian drop to_his knee and study the figurehead 's face , almost disbely . ian ( cont 'd ) you know how many expedition I have finance that have turn up nothing ? riley well now , we be all about to be rich , and it 's a beautiful thing . without the champagne . a solidly build man ( shaw ) approach , | h o'd do anything for hire . Shaw be e type of man with ian Shaw ? the champagne ? shaw I think we be look for a 100 - foot frigate . BEN we be . she be . shaw then how come gpr indicate this ship 's only 81 - foot long ? Shaw hand Ben a gpr printout . Ben read it . BEN because this be a 2 - dimensional | rendering of a 3 - dimensional object . the image be only 81 - foot long because the ship 's cant . shaw cante ? BEN tipped . tilted . lying at a angle . ian how cant ? 26 27 28 29 National treasure , 4/9/03 11 . continued : ( 2 ) 26 riley by we calculation , about 35 ° . which mean the stern 's about 57 foot down . shaw 57 foot down ?! Christ ! we will be digging for a week . BEN no , we will not . Ben slam the pole down into the ice , puncture a small hole . whoosh of wind blow up on they . Ben shrug . BEN ( cont 'd ) Air pocket . ext . arctic landscape - day - later 27 the endeavor be now park next to a newly bored hole into the ice . Shaw man a winch while ... two more worker direct a steel cable which play out from the endeavor 's front end . this man be shippen intense , ex - Army , and powell , brawny , ex-con . we follow the steel cable down which disappear down into ... int . hole in the ice - day 28 daylight illuminate the cylindrical blue wall of this . narrow open . wearing a helmet and headlamp , riley ride down on the cable which be lowering a heavy generator ... int . ice cave - day 29 riley join ben_and Ian who be stare at something we do not immediately see . we reverse to reveal ... a nearly perfectly preserve ship , tip 35 ° , its hull and stern freeze in a wall of this vast ice cave . the ship be wooden with three mast . its ancient sail be wrap in its freeze casing . icicles hang from freeze rope . one of the ship 's mast be break . the other two tower up until they be swallow by the cave 's ice ceiling . they all stare at the ship in its ghostlike beauty . ian the frigate Charlotte . last_seen leave port from Maine in 1779 . riley look like she run into some bad weather . 29 30 31 National treasure , 4/9/03 12 . continued : 29 we follow Ben who trudge up the icy incline to the bow . with he glove , he wipe away the snow . through a thick layer of ice , we can make out the ship 's name ... " charlotte . " BEN hello , sweetheart . CUT to arc light be lit . we pull back to reveal ... 30 int . ice cave - day - later 31 the cave be now illuminate by intense light power by enerator . a nylon rope ladder and cable dangle down rom the hole in the cave 's ceiling . Shaw , Powell , and shippen finish secure the ship with rope and spike while Ben , riley , and Ian don climb harness and snap ice crampon to they boot . BEN riley , you take the berthing . quarter . Ian , check the Captain 's cabin . I will take the cargo hold . ian I will take the cargo hold . BEN suit yourself . Ian rise . move to the ship . riley shoot Ben a look . riley you dog . you want the Captain 's cabin . BEN hey , we be all just look for the same thing . riley Fine . then , I want the Captain 's cabin . BEN sure . whatever you want . riley study Ben . now completely mind-fucked . riley ok , forget it . you be try to trick I , I know it . I get the berthing quarter . you take the crappy Captain 's cabin . 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 National treasure , 4/9/03 13. int . ice cave , ship' deck - day 32 Ian , Ben , and riley move across the steeply angle deck . each wear a helmet - lamp and carry a metal detector . the old ship groans as the timber shift under they weight . they cross the deck then move in different direction . int . ship , berthing quarter - day 33 riley duck he head under freeze hammock as he move through the cramped crew 's quarter . he sweep he metal detector over the debris . lothing . int . ship , gun deck - continuous 34 Ian move through the gun deck . the heavy iron cannon have all sly across the floor and lie pile at the stern . int . ship , upper companionway - continuous 35 Ben edge down a tilt staircase . int . ship , berthing quarter - continuous 36 riley 's headlamp light play over the break shelf , rope , box , then stop on ... three men' head . riley let out a startle gasp . int . ship , upper companionway - continuous 37 Ben overhear riley gasp on he radio headset . BEN riley ...? int . ship , berthing quarter - continuous 38 warily , riley come around to find a trio of seamen , bundle in blanket , eerily freeze . riley uh-huh ? BEN ( via mic ) find something ? riley uh-huh . intercut Ben . by the sound of riley 's voice , he know ... 39 BEN Dead people ? riley ( via mic ) ( voice crack ) uh-huh . 39 40 41 42 43 44 National treasure , 4/9/03 14 . continued : 39 BEN ( laugh to himself ) what would you expect ? you be in the berthing quarter . Ben wrench open a close door . its freeze hinge squeal . int . ship , captain be cabin - continuous 40 Ben find a old oil lantern and light it with a lighter . we then _see the Captain 's cabin . plush furniture . a ornate desk . everything cover in a thin layer of ice . Ben move to the desk and quickly rifle through it . he find nothing of value except for a antique pocket watch which he pocket . he then look down and notice ... deep scratch in the floor by the desk . int . ship , lower cargo hold - continuous 41 Ian get a read on he metal detector . he push aside some netting . find a trunk . he pries it open ... dish . int . ship , captain be cabin - continuous 42 Ben push the desk aside , revealing a trap door underneath . he pull it open . peer down to find a dark , hide room . int . ship , hidden room - continuous 43 Ben jump down , look around . the room be crowded with large barrel . he pull one of the plug , and ... black gunpowder spill out into a pile onto the icy floor . Ben turn to go then notice ... two boot poke out from between a row of barrel . Ben move to the row and find ... the captain . frozen dead . gun in he lap . lean up against one of the barrel . int . ship , captain be cabin - continuous 44 riley enter to find Ben nowhere in sight . BEN ( 0.s. ) down here ! he hurry to the trap door and peer down to see Ben struggle with the barrel of gunpowder . riley you find it ! 45 46 National treasure , 4/9/03 15 . int . ship , hidden room - continuous 45 riley jump down into the room as Ben pries open the barrel . riley there 's gold in there . I can smell it . excite , riley watch as Ben lift the lid to reveal ... more gunpowder . but riley be undaunted . riley ( cont 'd ) maybe it 's in another barrel . but Ben stick both arm into the barrel he open . BEN the Captain be guard this barrel for a reason . as Ben root around , gunpowder spill all over the floor . after a beat , Ben finally stop . he 's find something . he exchange a look with rit ey , then pull out a SMALL BOX . it 's label " Little hunting Creek , Virginia . " Ben carefully open it , revealing ... a ivory pipe . BEN ( cont 'd ) riley . do you know what this be ? riley eye it , disappointed . riley I be hope a billion - dollar pipe ? int . ship , captain be cabin - continuous 46 Ian enter as Ben and riley emerge from the trap door . BEN Ian ! look at this ! Ben show he the pipe . Ian glance at it , unimpress . ian a meerschaum pipe . 18th century . I have three . BEN this box_is mark Little hunting Creek . that 's what mt. Vernon be call before George Washington 's family rename it . ian George Washington 's pipe . and ? National treasure , 4/9/03 16 . 46 continued : 46 BEN and it 's gonna lead we to the treasure . ian Ben Ben Ben tip . Ben the the Ben " lead we ? " you say the treasure would be on Charlotte . BEN no , I say " the secret lie with Charlotte . " '' this pipe have to be that secret . strain to make out something on the pipe . BEN ( cont 'd ) there be marking on here . I need some ink . ian I do not spend a quarter of a million dollar to find a pipe . find a quill and a bottle of ink , but the ink be freeze . BEN come on , Ian . this be a treasure hunt . you can not just find it in the first place you look . ian it only take I three week to find the panamanian galleon wreck with my last so -called expert . I have be funding you for six month . BEN Seven . take the quill and suddenly stab he finger with the riley see this and wince . riley what the hell be you do ? rub he blood _on the pipe then roll the pipe over . desktop , revealing ... Al mprint in blood . le recognize symbol : the all - seeing eye and unfinished pyramid . ian the templar symbol . riley do it say where the treasure be ? read from the bloody imprint on the desk . National treasure , 4/9/03 17 . 46 continued : ( 2 ) 46 BEN " the legend writ , the stain effect the key in silence undetected fifty-five in iron pen Mr. matlack can not offend . " riley I do not hear the part about " X " mark the spot . ian what do it mean ? BEN it 's a riddle . " Key " and " legend . " it 's refer to a map . riley what map ? BEN " undetected " and " in silence " mean the map be hide . ian of course . a hide map . where ? Ian pick up the pipe . Studies it . ian ( cont 'd ) " Iron pen " could mean iron manacle , iron bar ... 55 man in prison ! or no , wait . perhaps 55 refer to the year 1755 . who 's " Mr. matlack " ? BEN timothy matlack . the official scribe of the Continental Congress . ( realize ) " Iron " because they use iron-base ink back then . riley scribe . a writer ? BEN no , a calligrapher . he transcribe document for the Continental Congress . riley so , Mr. matlack make a map . where would he hide it ? ian " Mr. matlack can not offend . " why can not he offend it ? National treasure , 4/9/03 18 . 46 continued : ( 3 ) 46 BEN it mean he do not write over the map . it 's probably on the back of something he transcribe . riley what would he transcribe ? BEN lot of thing . the most famous document be ... his voice trail off . riley be what ? the constitution ? the Bill of rights ? BEN no. riley ( relieved ) thank god. BEN the declaration of Independence . a beat of incredulity , then riley scoff ... riley there 's no map on the back of the declaration of Independence . Ben give he a look , like yes there be . riley ( cont 'd ) there 's a map on the back of the declaration of Independence ?! ian it 's brilliant if you think about it . such a important document insure the map 's survival . BEN too bad we will never see it . ian nonsense . we get a view . BEN nobody get a view . not even the President . National treasure , 4/9/03 19 . 46 continued : Ben laugh , ( 4 ) 46 riley what kind of sick person would put a treasure map on the back of the declaration of Independence ?! BEN could have be a number of people . nine of the signer of the declara - tion of Independence be know to be freemason . Ben Franklin , Robert treat paine , John hancock to name a few . Thomas jefferson and John Adams be suspect member of the order . George Washington be not a signer , but he have access . he be a ist master mason . he be also a surveyor and map-maker before he be commander of the Continental Army . he 's get my vote . ian well , there be one way to see the declaration of Independence in person . riley really ? how ? ian we " borrow " it . incredulous . Ian pocket the pipe . ian ( cont 'd ) come on , Ben . the lose treasure of the Knights of the templar be the treasure of all treasure . gold - from the Temple of Solomon , King alaric ii 's ransom of the athenian , the entire wealth of 5th century Rome , the sword of Alexander the great . you have be look for this treasure all you life . you be not go to let a piece of paper stand in you way , be you ? BEN you can not be serious . ian what else be you go to do ? go back to work on salvage crew ? comb beach with a metal detector look for doubloon ? oh , that 's right . you have you phd in History . maybe you can teach high school history . National treasure , 4/9/03 20 . continued : ( 5 ) 46 BEN forget it , Ian . I will not steal the declaration of Independence . ian do not get soft now . you begge I to finance_your expedition when everyone else think you be crazy . BEN you finance this expedition because you know this treasure would make you amous . ian and , it will . BEN I will not let you . ian pull out he gun from he belt . train it on Ben who be stunned . ian oh , you do not bring one of this ? BEN you be not go to shoot I , Ian . not until you know all that t know about the riddle . Ian study Ben . be he bluff ? ian such as ? BEN put the gun away . Ian turn he gun on riley instead . ian tell I , or I shoot riley . riley wait ! how do you know I do not know something else about the riddle ?! Ben and Ian can not help but just give riley a look , then Ian pull the trigger ... blam ! riley flinch as the glass porthole in the wall just behind he shatter . the old ship groans . riley ( cont 'd ) shit. come on , Ben . tell he what he do not know . 46 47 48 49 National treasure , 4/9/03 21 . continued : ( 6 ) 46 BEN okay ... Ben come up with he lighter and flick it on . BEN ( cont 'd ) ... for one thing , the whole room below we be full of gunpowder . Ben hold the flame over the trap door in the floor . BEN ( cont 'd ) you shoot anyone , I drop this , and none of we get out of here alive . Ian eye the flame . Ben eye the gun . a tense stand -off . riley ( incredulous ) whoa -whoa-whoa ! how do we all go from wildly rich to dead in a matter of minute ? let 's think here . just then , the flame flicker and goe out . Ian shrug . on reflex , Ben tackle riley and hurl they both to the ground behind the desk as ... Ian open fire on they ... blam-blam-blam-blam-blam ! bullet chew up the desk and wall . one bullet take out the gas lantern . it explode with a oil FIRE , instantly set the desk ablaze . int . ship , upper companionway - continuous 47 Ian hurry out of the cabin and batten the door shut . int . ship , captain be cabin - continuous 48 flame spill down from the desk and creep across the floor . Ben try the cabin door . it 's lock . riley we gotta put this fire out . riley try to smother the fire . it 's hopeless . Ben grab he ax and slam it into the door . riley join he . we pan down to the burn floor and push through it into ... int . ship , hidden room - continuous 49 burning ember fall from the ceilin float to the floor , catch a powder trail spill on fhe ground . it ignites and burn a path toward ... the barrel of gunpowder . 50 51 52 53 54 55 National treasure , 4/9/03 22 . int . ice cave , ship' deck - continuous 50 Ian hurry across the tilt deck , call to he man ... ian get the hell out of here . it 's gonna blow ! Ian leap off the deck , then run with Shaw to the rope ladder . shaw I hear gunshot . ian Gates and riley try to kill I . int . ship , hidden room - continuous 51 the burn trail of gunpowder reach the first barrel , and the wood barrel catch FIRE . ext . arctic landscape - continuous 52 Shaw , Powell , and shippen run like hell to they snowcat . Ian be the last man out of the hole in the ice , and he pull up _the rope ladder . Shaw climb into a snowcat . shaw come on ! Ian jump in with Shaw , and they all take off . int . ship , captain be cabin - continuous 53 a inferno . porthole shatter as they pane shift . Ben and riley finally bust through the door and scramble out . int . ship , hidden room - continuous 54 the barrel of gunpowder burn , fully engulf . int . ice cave , ship' deck - continuous 55 Ben and riley emerge from below and look across the way to find that the rope ladder be go ! they be trap . BEN they pull up the ladder . riley regards he surroundings , resign . riley why do I ever listen to you ? I be two credit away from graduation . 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 National treasure , 4/9/03 23 . continued : 55 BEN that be seven year ago . Ben spot a swivel cross - bow harpoon mount on the deck and hurry to it . riley Intel offer I a job with my own cubicle . Ben tie a rope to a spear and load it into the harpoon . BEN do we have to go over this every expedition ? riley until I get rich , yes . Ben wheel the harpoon around and aim it at riley 's head . BEN Fine . now , duck ! Ben releases_the harpoon ... whoosh ! the spear rocket over a ducking riley up to the cave 's ceiling . thunk ! Ben grab the rope . pull hard . the ice ceiling cave in , open a hole just above the ship 's bow . ext . arctic landscape - continuous 56 Ben and riley clamber out of the ground just where the lady figurehead poke through the ice . they race to the endeavor . intercut : the barrel of gunpowder . it blows ... ka - boom ! 57 intercut : the arctic landscape . the ground shake 58 violently . Ben and riley dive into the endeavor just as ... intercut : the other barrel blow in a chain -reaction 59 series of explosion . .. boom - boom -boom-boom -boom ! ext . arctic landscape - continuous 60 a fireball erupt from the snow and ice . the concussion launch the endeavor forward off ... the glacial cliff ! the endeavor plummet down to ... 61 ext . arctic ocean - continuous 62 the endeavor hit the water and sink like a rock as a fireball roll skyward in the background . Burning shard of wood rain down onto the icy water . a long beat , then ... 62 63 64 65 National treasure , 4/9/03 24 . continued : 62 whoosh ! the endeavor pop back up , float on its pontoon . int . the endeavor , floating - continuous 63 riley laugh , incredulous . riley it drive ! it fly ! it float ! ( look around ) it need a toilet . Ben look at the smoke and fire , solemn . BEN Ian 's go to steal it . riley why do you always have to focus on the negative ? you find Charlotte . that be you life 's quest . be I happy . m the one who should be upset . I be not wildly rich , which be my life 's quest . BEN riley , it 's the declaration of Independence . riley do you see a american flag plant in my ass ? _ I do not _even vote in the last election . I be in this for the money . BEN well , if Ian get the declaration of Independence , he get the treasure . all of it . riley consider that a beat , then ... riley suddenly I be feel very patriotic . dissolve to : ext . the mall , WASHINGTON , D.C. - day 64 the famous green thoroughfare . there 's the lincoln monument , the Washington monument , the White House . we TRAVEL down Pennsylvania Avenue , finally come to ... the national archive . a beautiful neoclassical building . close on the declaration of independence . we be tight on 65 the autograph of JOHN hancock . we pull back to reveal ... 66 67 National treasure , 4/9/03 25 . int . national archive , rotunda - day 66 tourist crowd around the declaration of Independence exhibit . riley finish count the signature . riley 54...55 ...56 . ( look up , confuse ) I do not get it . there be 56 signature . the riddle say " 55 in iron pen . " BEN the 56th signature , Thomas mckean 's , be not add until 1781 , two year after the Charlotte disappear . riley look to the document again , then shrug ... riley well , it 's still here . look like Ian come to he sense . guard ( 0.s. ) what be you do ? they turn to find a guard stand behind they . he gesture to the line of tourist which snake through the rotunda . guard ( cont 'd ) you be hold up the line . ext . national archive - day 67 Ben and riley exit the building . riley so , we be back . let 's go say " hi " to you dad . tell he that you treasure hunt day be over . just then , Ben grab riley and pull he behind a column . riley ( cont 'd ) all right . I be sorry . I know I be not suppose to talk about you dad . Ben motion with he head , and riley follow he gaze to ... across the STREET where Ian and Shaw climb into a sedan and drive away . riley watch they go , incredulous . riley ( cont 'd ) no way . they can not be do this . this be not some liquor store . it 's the National Archives . it 's impossible to break in . 67 68 69 National treasure , 4/9/03 26 . continued : 67 BEN nothing 's impossible . Ian will hire a expert . or pay off somebody on the inside . or both . close on the remain of a shipwreck submerge in murky 68 water . a giant fish dart into frame . a goldfish . le widen to see we be in ... int . ben' loft apartment - day 69 a studio loft crowded with book , map , a_computer , scuba gear , and many historical item , like a " do not tread on I flag " which be frame but not hang on the wall . key jingle at the door , and it open to Ben and riley . riley I do not think we be safe here . BEN Ian think we be dead . suddenly , there 's . a noise outside the door . Ben grab a spear gun , and riley whip open the door to reveal ... ...a lady . actually , it 's the landlady ( mid 59' ) who greet the spear gun point at she with a bored smile . landlady this be why you can not keep a girlfriend . they sigh , relieved . Ben lower the spear gun . riley hello , Mrs. doyle . landlady do you find it ? BEN riley yes . no . she look at ben. landlady you know when you talk about Charlotte all the time , it scare the girl away . that last girlfriend you have be really nice too . BEN do not worry . I will not be talk about Charlotte ever again . 69 70 71 National treasure , 4/9/03 27 . continued : 69 landlady do that mean you be settling down now ? riley BEN yes . no. Ben dig into he pocket and come up with the antique pocket watch he find on the Charlotte . BEN ( cont 'd ) here . I get something for you ... the landlady inspect the watch , amaze . BEN ( cont 'd ) ... it 's 18th century . french. 14 k gold key . very rare . landlady it 's beautiful . thank you . Ben kneel down and start rifling through he stack of book and map and chart . she watch he . landlady ( cont 'd ) you know , Ben , what you need to do be stop read so much , and go out and have some fun . BEN you be right . we will . Ben stand , hold a stack of book , and we CUT to ... CUT to close on the book , which are_now strewn across a 70 cherry wood desk . we widen to reveal we be in ... int . library of congress , reading room - day 71 this 19th century building be the grandest library in all America . Ben and riley study a schematic at a table . BEN every night , the declaration of Independence be lower down into the vault room which be directly below the rotunda ... close on a blueprint of the National Archives . we follow Ben 's finger as it trace the path down through the rotunda floor and to the vault room right below . BEN ( cont 'd ) ... where it 's lock up ina specially at sed , impenetrable , National treasure , 4/9/03 28 . 71 continued : 71 BEN ( cont 'd ) 50 - ton , steel vault where it 's protect from heat , cold , even a thousand year of nuclear winter . the entire process take just two minute , but during that two Minutes , the declaration of Independence be vulnerable . riley so that 's when Ian 's go to do it ? BEN doubt it . a better time would be to create a situation wherein the declaration would be automaticall lower into its vault when guard be not there . riley well , Ian would have to create some external chaos because there 's no way he can hack in . BEN why not ? riley because most of this old government facility use the old data-link encryption - base security system . once you be in , you can do whatever you want , but only a handful of people know how to get in . BEN and would one of that people happen to be someone who give up a good life at Intel to help save he country ? riley could be . BEN then , it look like we have the edge . riley -- whoa-wait-whoa ! Holy shit ! ritey 's " holy shit " echoes loudly through the room . all head turn to glare at they . riley lower he voice . riley ( cont 'd ) you just say " we . " 71 72 73 National treasure , 4/9/03 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 71 BEN yeah . as in I and you . riley no. nuh-uh . bad idea . BEN what 's bad ? we take it first so Ian can not steal it . riley you be right . that 's not a bad idea . it 's a extremely - horrible - get - your-ass - ream - for-life - in - prison idea . BEN it 's the only way to protect it . riley how do we go from " let 's stop Ian " to " let 's take it ourselves " ? BEN you get a better idea ? riley as a matter of fact , I do . int . national archive , office lobby - day 72 Ben and riley wait . " dr . abigail chase , charter of freedom custodian " be stencile on the office door . BEN you want I to do the talk ? riley no , this be my idea . you will try to make it sound crazy . just then , a bookishly beautiful dr . abigail chase ( 26 ) open she office door . she see Ben and riley . abigail good afternoon , gentleman . please come in . Ben and riley exchange a look . she 's prettier than they expect she to be . int . national archive , office - day 73 abigail move to she desk as Ben and riley enter she office which be decorate with colonial art and Revolutionary War era artifact . 73 National treasure , 4/9/03 30 . continued : 73 riley thanks for see we on such short notice , Dr. chase . abigail so , what can I do for you today ? Ben eye riley like , " go on . " riley okay . this be go to sound crazy , but somebody 's go to steal the declaration of Independence . she regards they disdainfully . she get this all the time . abigail all terrorist threat must be report directly to the FBI . let I get you they number . she go to get the number but be stop by ... riley this be not a terrorist threat . the people behind it be treasure hunter . abigail and they want to steal the declaration of Independence because ...? riley look to Ben , but Ben look away to a frame antique button collection hang on the wall . riley ( reluctantly ) because there 's a treasure map on the back . abigail be this a joke ? riley we just find proof in a ship that be wreck over 200 year ago . abigail I see . well , I have see the back of the declaration of Independence , and I assure you , there be no map . riley really ? you sure ? abigail absolutely . I have see it many time . National treasure , 4/9/03 31 . 73 continued : ( 2 ) 73 BEN have you ever touch it ? abigail of course not . no one touch it . it 's hermetically seal in a bullet - proof , thermopane case . BEN that must frustrate you . see something everyday and not be able to touch it . there 's a undeniable charm about Ben , but abigail do she best to shrug it off . abigail I touch the case every day , which be closer than most people will ever get to it . which make I the expert in this room about there be or not be a map on the back . which there be not . BEN that 's because it 's invisible . riley it be ? BEN invisible ink be common back then . they be use by both the british and american army to send secret spy letter during the Revolutionary War . abigail study Ben , interest pique . BEN ( cont 'd ) or , the parchment could have be palim sest . Animal skin paper be not exactly easy to make and be -- abigail -- often clean and reuse . I know what palimpsest be . BEN of course , you do . abigail so , do you have any proof ? about this " invisible map " ? riley it be in a riddle on a old pipe . 73 National treasure , 4/9/03 32 . continued : ( 3 ) 73 abigail May I see the pipe ? Ben and riley exchange a look , then grudgingly ... riley we do not have it . abigail do bigfoot take it ? riley I tell you it would sound crazy . Ben straighten the frame collection . abigail do not touch that , please . Ben refer to a empty space in the button collection . BEN 1789 George Washington campaign button . all you need be the silver - plate inaugural button to complete the set . I find one of that once , digging in a back yard in maryland . you know , they be worth about five thousand dollar . abigail ( realize ) you be treasure hunter as well . BEN formerly . now , we be more like treasure protector . abigail well , mr...? Ben reach out and shake she hand . BEN Brown . Paul Brown . and this be my friend , Tom jeffries . she shake he hand . abigail well , Mr. Brown and Mr. jeffries , let_me assure you that the declaration of Independence be safe . we have a very sophisticated security system design to stop crazy people dike yourselves from get near it . National treasure , 4/9/03 33 . 74 int . national archive , corridor - day 74 Ben and riley move down the corridor . riley Paul Brown and Tom jeffries ? BEN when the declaration of Independence turn up miss , the fed will go after anyone who report it be about to be steal . that be common name . they should keep they busy for a while . buy we some time . riley so , we be really go to do it ? BEN I be . I could use you help . Ben pull out a handkerchief and start wiping he hand . riley nod , riley once we get it , what be we go to do with it ? BEN look at the back . riley we would ? BEN of course . if we do not look at the back , we will never find the treasure . if we do not find the treasure , someone will always come look for the map , which mean the declaration of Independence will always be in danger until we find the treasure . like Ben 's reason . riley then , we have to look at the back . it 's we duty as Americans . now , riley notice Ben wiping he hand . riley ( cont 'd ) what 's on you hand ? BEN ultra-violet ink . Dr. chase have daily ac access to the vault . I shook er han 74 75 76 77 78 79 National treasure , 4/9/03 34 . continued : 74 riley you know we be go to do this all along , do not you ? BEN I be hope she would believe we so we would not have to . riley yeah . I too . close on a woman 's finger as they guickdy punch ina 75 passcode into a keyboard . a beat , then clunk . the solenoid lock release . we widen to reveal ... int . national archive , corridor - day 76 abigail stand at the security entrance to the vault room with dr . stanley herbert ( 40s , suave intellectual ) . dr . herbert so , you need a ride tomorrow night ? I could swing by . pick you up . he push through the heavy security door lead into ... int . national archive , vault room - continuous 77 a high - tech room of concrete and steel . in the middle of the room , a 50 - ton mosler vault stand open . . a scissor- jack extend out of it and up to a steel slot in the ceiling . abigail and Dr. Herbert enter . abigail Dr. Herbert , if you come by to pick I up , and we go _to the gala together , that would be like you and I go on a date . dr . herbert it 's more like car-pool . abigail it 's more like a date . and I do not date co-worker . dr . herbert I be not a co-worker . I be you boss . grainy surveillance video of the same . we widen to reveal 78 we be in ... int . national archive , security station - day 79 guard study a bay of monitor which flip through a rotation of surveillance image cover every inch of the archive . 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 National treasure , 4/9/03 continued : the head guard joe woodruff ( 5as , _ career government employee ) zoom in on the vault room , then lean into a microphone . woodruff good evening , Dr. chase . Dr. Herbert . intercut abigail and Dr. Herbert in the vault room . abigail hi , Joe . she open a drawer , grab a hand - hold gas chromatographer . abigail ( cont 'd ) ready whenever you be . intercut woodruff . he grab a key on the console ... woodruff this be why they pay I the big buck . he turn the key , and ... int . national archive , vault room - continuous the scissor- jack spring to life and start to retract ... int . national archive , rotunda - day two guard patrol the empty rotunda watch as ... the declaration of independence be lower in its case from its exhibit . we push in on it and follow it as ... the scissor - jack retract , pulting the declaration of independence through a steel slot in the floor and into ... int . national archive , vault room - continuous as the scissor- jack retract , the declaration of Independence descend in its case from the slot in the ceiling . abigail step up to the document and wave the gas chromatographer along the thermopane case 's edge . the instrument whizze and hum , all apparently normal noise . abigail you ever wonder if there be something on the declaration of Independence that might have be overlook ? dr . herbert that document 's be examine more than a corn farmer on a alien space ship . 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 85 86 87 88 89 90 National treasure , 4/9/03 36 . continued : 85 abigail everything we know of early archimede come from palimpsest overlook for century . the declaration reach the vault , then tip backwards . dr . herbert if you be angle for a grant , you be oing to have to come up with some - hing better than that . you do not want people to think you be crazy . the declaration lie back in the vault , then the 5 - ton steel vault door slide close with a loud thunk as we CUT to ... ext . GREEN line subway station - day 86 directly across the street from the National Archives . int . GREEN line subway station - day 87 carry a briefcase , Ben and riley descend on a escalator into this modern , spacious station . the platform be crowded with commuter . Ben and riley step off the escalator and move through the throng to the far end of the platform . Ben wait for the train to pull away , then ... jump down onto the track . riley reluctantly follow . int . GREEN line subway tunnel - continuous 88 Ben and riley hurry along the track . the dim glow of a flashlight light only a few yard ahead of they . they finally come to a door bolt close with a heavy lock and stop . en pull some bolt cutter out of the briefcase . int . GREEN line subway , utility room - later 89 Ben and riley work in this cramped public work substation . use a hand -held electrical saw with a 2 " circular blade , Ben finish cut a hole in one of the many pvc pipe that run along the ceiling of the substation . riley open the briefcase and pull out ... a toy tractor truck , actually a sophisticated remote-operated - vehicle ( ROV ) with a camera tape to the hood . we CUT to ... god' eye view of pennsylvania avenue . evening . 90 people , cars. bus . the National Archives on one side of the street . the Green line Subway Station on the other . 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 National treasure , 4/9/03 37 . continued : 90 we push down toward the pavement . closer , closer , until with butt up to it , then seamlessly move through the pavement ... underground . we TRAVEL vertically through the layer of 91 concrete , rock , dirt , concrete again . t open up into ... a labyrinth of pipe , fiber -optic , gas , electric . we push 92 into one pipe and move seamlessly inside ... the pipe . we be move in the direction of the National 93 Archives finally catc ing up to the ROV . its motor whir . its headlight play on a turn in the pipe ahead . int . GREEN line subway , utility room - later 94 riley navigate the ROV with a joystick and a laptop which play back what the ROV be see . riley what time be it ? BEN around five . why ? riley I would be get off work about now . at Intel . on the screen , the ROV arrive at a intimidating matrix of conduit wrap in a bunch . riley ( cont 'd ) there it be . he punch a key on the laptop . maneuver the joystick . in the pipe . the ROV stop , extend a mechanical arm , 95 find a red wire , and clip on tight . with a whoosh ... we rush into the wire and TRAVEL , light - speed to ... 96 int . national archive , security station - night 97 guard monitor the surveillance bay . on one monitor , we see video of the vault room . intercut the laptop screen on which the same surveillance 98 video play . we be back in ... int . GREEN line subway , utility room - continuous 99 Ben and_ riley study the surveillance feed of the vault room on the laptop screen . the vault stare back at they . ext . GREEN line subway station - night 100 Ben and riley exit the station . 100 101 102 103 National treasure , 4/9/03 38 . continued : 100 riley so , when be we do this ? BEN if we be go to beat Ian , we have get to_do it tomorrow night during he gala . Ben gesture across the street to the National Archives . red-white -and-blue banner hang between the flute column , announce its 75th anniversary gala tomorrow night . riley there will be hundred of people there . BEN hundred of very important people . any glitch in the system , and the guard will have they hand full protect the dignitary . riley consider that , then ... riley I suppose while I be hack into the Archives Security system , you will be need I to get you on they guest list as well . BEN you be talent would have be waste at Intel . ext . national archive - night 101 Pennsylvania Avenue be line with limo and luxury sedan as tuxedo would men and women in designer gowns arrive . int . national archive , NORTH foyer - night 102 guest pass through metal detector at the check - in . int . national archive , rotunda - continuous 103 a small string orchestra play while hundred of guest mingle in the rotunda . look stun in she sparkly formal gown , abigail stand with Dr. Herbert . abigail what do you think Thomas jefferson would say if he be here ? dr . herbert he would say , " abigail , you need to find a man of whom you be as passionate about as you be of I ... who 's not dead . " 103 104 105 106 107 National treasure , 4/9/03 39 . continued : 103 we TRAVEL through the throng and come to a heavy -set senator sip wine . we CUT to ... video surveillance of the same . we widen to reveal ... 104 int . van - night 105 riley sit in the back of this van , sip coffee and watch surveillance feed on he laptop . on the screen , he zoom in on the fat senator . riley ( sing to the tune of Santa Claus be come to town ) " he see you when you be drink ... " he pan to a smarmy man flirt with a pretty lady . riley ( cont 'd ) " he know when you be cheating ... " he zoom in until the pretty lady 's butt fill the screen . riley ( cont 'd ) " ... he know when you leave you panty at home ... " as riley zoom in on the butt , we transition to ... int . national archive , rotunda - night 106 the same lady live in the rotunda with the smarmy man . we pan across the crowd and finally find ... BEN , wear a tuxedo and stare at the declaration of Independence . man ( 0.s. ) Sir ? Ben turn to find a waiter with a tray of champagne . waiter Champagne ? Ben smile and take a glass of champagne . he then look to a surveillance camera mount on the wall ... int . van - night 107 on the laptop screen , Ben be look right at riley . he tip he glass to he as he talk under he breath ... BEN ( on screen ) here 's to freedom . 107 108 109 110 National treasure , 4/9/03 continued : riley hold up he coffee cup and lean into a microphone . riley we last night of it . int . national archive , rotunda - night they toast . Ben look to the declaration of Independence . BEN maybe this be a bad idea . riley ( via mic ) no , it 's a good idea . intercut riley . he study the laptop screen . BEN ( via mic ) we do not know about ian. sure . riley spot something on the screen . riley yes , we do . he 's here . on the laptop screen , we now see Ian and he man unload a catering truck near the back entrance to the Archives . not for not good news . int . national archive , rotunda - night Ben move purposefully across the rotunda . abigail ( 0.s. ) what be you do here ? Ben turn and see abigail . tonight , she 's simply captivate . she take Ben 's breath away . BEN Dr. chase ... abigail Mr. Brown , I do not remember see you name on the guest list . BEN I make a last minute donation . 111 intercut riley in the van , watch Ben and abigail . abigail ( via mic ) should not you be out robbing grave or desecrate something ? riley no time for mingling . 40 . 107 108 109 110 1414 112 113 National treasure , 4/9/03 41 . on Ben and abigail . 112 BEN the night 's still young . abigail can not help but smile at that . she eye he . abigail so , I have be wonder ... what do the riddle say ? BEN the riddle ? abigail on the pipe that bigfoot take . you friend say there be a riddle . what do it say ? just then , Dr. Herbert arrive with two glass of champagne . dr . herbert abigail , you drink . Dr. Herbert hand abigail a glass , not happy she 's already hook up with somebody at the party . dr . herbert ( cont 'd ) who 's you friend ? Ben reach to shake he hand . BEN Paul Brown . and you must be Dr. Herbert . dr . herbert you know I ? BEN I reference you paper on feudalistic influence in the Southern colony in my thesis . dr . herbert oh , you be a academic ? BEN be . int . national archive , security station - night 113 woodruff and the guard watch the surveillance bay . we push in on a monitor with a feed of the back service entrance where the catering worker unload foodstuff from a truck . the Pov pan back and forth as we CUT to ... 114 115 116 117 118 National treasure , 4/9/03 a armor dome camera do its sweep . we widen to see ... ext . national archive , service entrance - night Shaw wait for the camera to pan away , then aim a trick - out hv taser gun and fire ... booosh ! two electrode attach to insulate wire shoot out of the gun at 100 mph , latch onto the camera dome , then pump 100,000 volt into the camera . the camera sputter and spark , short out . int . national archive , security station - night the monitor cut to snow . woodruff get on he radio . woodruff Ferguson ? int . national archive , service corridor - night a guard patrol the service corridor get on he radio . guard ferguson yeah ? woodruff ( via mic ) we lose perimeter camera seven . go check it out . int . national archive , rotunda - night Ben stand with abigail and Dr. Herbert . Ben look around , anxious . dr . herbert so , Mr. Brown , what bring you here tonight ? BEN High treason . they regard Ben , curious . BEN ( cont 'd ) that 's what the 56 man , by signing the declaration of Independence be commit . have we lose the war , they would have be hang , behead , draw and quarter , or my personal favorite , have they entrail cut out and burn while they be still alive . Ben grab a drink off a pass tray and hold it up . 114 115 116 117 118 118 119 120 1214 122 National treasure , 4/9/03 43 . continued : 118 BEN ( cont 'd ) in fact , let 's toast they . to the brave man who do what be consider wrong in order to do what they know be right . Dr. Herbert toast enthusiastically . so do abigail , although more guardedly . BEN ( cont 'd ) now , if you will excuse I . Ben leave . abigail watch he go , suspicious . dr . herbert charm man . I like he . int . national archive , service corridor - night 119 Guard Ferguson arrive at the back service entrance , stop , and key in he passcode . ext . national archive , service entrance - night 120 Guard Ferguson push open the door and be greet by ... booosh ! the probe hit he square in he chest , and then a surge of high voltage knock he on he ass . ian and he men enter , step over the unconscious guard . Ian shut the service entrance . Shaw open a black duffel bag . grab some duct tape and nylon rope . int . van - night 121 the same snowy surveillance feed play on riley 's laptop . riley Ian take out the service entrance camera . ten-to - one he 's inside already . we should have do this last night . int . national archive , record of america - night 122 Ben head down the museum walkway , which be crowded with gala guest . he talk sotto into he hide mic . BEN last night , the building be lock down , like it be every night . that 's why we be do it tonight . riley ( via mic ) that 's why Ian 's do it tonight too . 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 National treasure , 4/9/03 44 . continued : 122 BEN it 's ok . I can beat he there . Ben stop . around the corner be a set of elevator . a surveillance camera monitor the elevator foyer . intercut riley watch the feed of the elevator foyer . 123 BEN ( via mic ) go. on cue , riley press a key , and on the screen , a new window open , so that there be two window on the screen . both show a empty elevator foyer . riley Zap ! you be the invisible man . he type a command and press enter . we rush in on the enter key . move light -speed , through the 124 computer , out the usb cable , up the antenna and into ... the tiny antenna on the ROV which be still park inside 125 the pipe and patch into the security system ... int . national archive , security station - night 126 guard monitor the surveillance bay . there be a tiny hiccup , barely noticeable , as the video of switch over . woodruff have Ferguson check back in yet ? we push in on the empty foyer video and transition to ... int . van - night 127 riley's laptop screen , the same video play in one of the window . it 's a previously record loop of the empty foyer . in the window , the loop be label " playback . " in the other window , the real surveillance feed of Ben in the foyer play . this feed be label " live . " int . national archive , elevator - night 128 ben_ step onto the elevator , punch the " B " for basement call button , and the elevator start to descend . BEN you see Ian anywhere ? intercut riley check surveillance feed on he laptop . 129 riley no. 129 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 137 National treasure , 4/9/03 45 . continued : 129 BEN ( via mic ) let 's do this . riley key in a command on he keyboard . riley ok . on my go , you have exactly -- intercut Ben , set the timer on he wristwatch . 130 BEN -- two minute . I know . int . national archive , stairwell access - simultaneously 131 Ian , Shaw , Powell , and shippen move down a corridor to a stairwell access door . on it , a sign read , " alarm entry . authorized access only . " Ian look to he man . ian time to take history . he pull out a remote . press a button . a red light flash as we CUT to ... int . pennsylvania avenue - night 132 a steel transformer BOX across the street from the National Archives explode , shower the street in SPARKS and FIRE . int . national archive , rotunda - night 133 in the rotunda , the light flicker and go out . the party guest all react to the power outage . int . national archive , elevator - night 134 the elevator light also flicker and go out , and the elevator suddenly ... jerk to a stop ! intercut riley in the van . on he laptop , the video feed 135 all cut to snow . riley shit-shit-shit ! that be not I . intercut BEN in the elevator . he punch all of the call 136 button , but the elevator be stick . BEN Ian blow a transformer . intercut riley , realize ... 137 riley a power outage will trigger the emergency protocol . 138 139 140 141 142 143 National treasure , 4/9/03 46 . intercut Ben . he start he stopwatch . 138 BEN that mean the declaration be on its way down already . he try to pull open the elevator door to no avail . he look around , mind tick . BEN ( cont 'd ) trigger the alarm . we gotta stop a . intercut riley . he stare at he laptop screen fill with 139 flash security message . riley the power outage already trip . all the alarm . everything 's go off . Guards will not know what 's Ian and what 's not . int . national archive , security station - night 140 on the surveillance BAY , every light be indeed blink . guard # 1 Sir , we have lose surveillance and main power . guard # 2 emergency protocol 's be initiate . woodruff switch to auxiliary , then reboot and run a system check . int . national archive , rotunda - night 141 murmur sweep across the crowd of politician as the declaration of Independence exhibit be automatically lower into the rotunda flooring . int . national archive , security station - night 142 the guard frantically try to get they system back up . woodruff i_want every available body on the floor . let 's make sure we party guest be safe . int . national archive , rotunda - night 143 auxiliary power kick in , and the light come back on . a guard step in to calm the crowd . 143 144 145 146 147 148 149 150 151 152 National treasure , 4/9/03 47 . continued : guard we just have a little power outage , but 's everything 's under control . you will notice the document be be lower into they vault , but this be just standard procedure . they will be back shortly ... abigail and Dr. Herbert exchange concerned look . int . national archive , elevator - night Ben slide a ceiling tile aside , but just then , the elevator power back up and start descend again . intercut riley in the van . he check the stopwatch . riley 96 second . CUT to close on a thermic lance burn at 7000 °f , cut through solid steel . we widen to reveal ... int . national archive , stairwell access - night Shaw cut through the security door with the thermic lance . Ian check he watch . a beat , Shaw finish cut through the steel dead bolt , and the door release ... int . national archive , rotunda - night the orchestra start play again , and the waiter start serve drink , quelling the crowd . abigail watch the declaration of Independence disappear from its exhibit . her spider - sense be tingling . intercut the declaration of independence , move by scissor jack into the sub-flooring . int . national archive , stairwell - night Ian and he man charge down the stair . int . national archive , inner corridor - night the elevator ding open , and Ben slip into this long corridor . Ben move quickly to ... the huge steel vault room door at the end of the hall . there be a keyboard pad here , the same one abigail punch she passcode in earlier . intercut riley in the van , watch the time tick down . riley 57 second ... 143 144 145 146 147 148 149 150 151 152 153 154 155 156 157 National treasure , 4/9/03 48 . intercut BEN . he pull what look like a thin slide viewer 153 out of he jacket pocket . he hold it over the keypad and switch on its blue light ... through the viewer glass , certain letter on the keypad glow with ultraviolet fingerprint . Ben read they ... BEN a-e-f-g-l-o-r-v-y. int . van - night 154 riley key the letter into_an anagram generator on he computer . the result scroll across the screen : a glove fry , a very golf , a grove fry , fargo levy , gravy flowe . riley ( read from the screen ) " a glove fry , a very golt , fargo levy , gravy flowe , valey frog . any of this make any sense ? int . national archive , inner corridor - night 155 Ben stare at the letter , realize ... BEN it 's Valley Forge . she press " L " and " E " twice . he don a white glove , then punch in the code , " Valley Forge . " a beat , then the vault room door unlock with a series of clunk . int . national archive , stairwell - night 156 sweating Shaw be now cut through a second security door with the thermic lance . shaw how much time ? Ian check he watch . ian we be right on schedule . int . national archive , vault room - night 157 Ben jump up on the vault . the scissor jack has_completely retract , and the vault door be start to close . no time to hesitate ... Ben lift the declaration of Independence ( in its thermopane gase ) out of the vault just as the steel door close with a ou . 158 159 160 161 162 National treasure , 4/9/03 49 . int . national archive , security station - night 158 the surveillance bay be aglow with flash light as the systemsrun through its automatic check . all the surveillance screen be still snow . int . national archive , stairwell - night 159 Shaw finish cut through . int . national archive , inner corridor - night 160 carry the declaration in its case , Ben race back to the elevator . he push the call button just as ... the stairwell access door open , and through it emerge ian , shaw , powell , and shippen . they surprised to see Ben 's not only alive , but he 's get they quarry . ian he 's alive . shaw not for long . shaw open FIRE on Ben with a automatic gun and silencer ... Ben whip the declaration of Independence around , and use it as a shield to protect himself . the declaration of Independence be absolutely riddle with bullet ! blam-blam-blam-blam-blam ! but the bullet bounce off the declaration of independence's thermopane case which be make of bullet - proof glass . the force of the bullet knock Ben into the elevator as it ding OPEN ... Ian suddenly grab Shaw 's arm . his shot go astray , rake the metal elevator door which finally close . daatge the matter with you ?! you will int . national archive , elevator - continuous 161 Ben fall inside , then bang on the call - button panel . intercut riley in the van . he 's hear the commotion . 162 riley Ben ? Ben ?! BEN ( via mic ) I get it . 162 163 164 165 166 167 168 National treasure , 4/9/03 50 . continued : 162 we can now hear siren approach . riley you would better hurry . intercut BEN in the elevator . he set the case down and 163 pull two dropper of visine out of he pants pocket . BEN you would better not leave . Ben take one of the dropper and carefully drop a single drop on each of the four bolt in the corner of the declaration of Independence 's case . Ben then grab the second dropper of visine and drop a second set of drop on the bolt . when the two drop of liquid combine , the bolt begin to smoke and smolder . Ben check the elevator panel . the elevator ascend ... BEN ( cont 'd ) ( to the chemical ) come on ... come on ... int . national archive , stairwell - night 164 Ian and he man charge back up the stair ... int . national archive , corridor - continuous 165 ... and burst into the empty corridor . int . national archive , elevator - night 166 the smoldering dissipate , and Ben pull the case apart . the argon gas vent from the interior with a hiss - whoosh ! Ben gingerly lift the precious document out , quickly roll it ue then pull a heavy - duty , clear plastic cylindrical baggie out of he jacket pocket ... ... and carefully slip the document into the baggie . int . national archive , security station - night 167 woodruff watch as one - by-one , the monitor on the surveillance bay start come back up online . woodruff dammit . what happen to Ferguson ? int . national archive , elevator foyer - night 168 the elevator ding open , and Ben step out . 169 170 171 172 National treasure , 4/9/03 51 . int . national archive , NORTH foyer - continuous 169 Ben round the corner and casually melt into the crowd . he head for the exit , but just a few yard ahead be ... abigail . Ben duck into ... int . national archive , gift shop - continuous 170 gala guest peruse the souvenir . head down , Ben watches_ as abigail pass by outside the gift shop window . he wait a beat , then move to exit . but he 's stop by ... woman ( 0.s. ) hey , sir ! Ben look up . the clerk work the register regards he . clerk you try to steal that ? Ben look down and realize the declaration of Independence be poke out of he jacket . he 's bust . then ... he notice he 's stand next to a bin fill with " actual size declaration of independence reproduction . " each one wrap in heavy plastic just like the real one . clerk ( cont 'd ) it 's $ 35.00 . BEN $ 35 ?! it 's just a piece of paper . he dig into he pocket and come up with several rumple bill and coin . he quickly count they out , but ... BEN ( cont 'd ) I only have $ 32.57 . clerk we take ATM and credit card . int . national archive , service corridor - night 171 guard search the corridor but find no sign of Ferguson . int . national archive , security station - night 172 guard ( via radio ) I can not find Ferguson . woodruff be distress by the news . woodruff this be not good . 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 National treasure , 4/9/03 52 . continued : 172 CUT to quick shot , rapid FIRE : we follow guard ' feet sprinting down the inner corridor . 173 a guard punch he passcode into the vault keypad . 174 the guard push OPEN the vault door ... 175 in the foyer , Ben push by guest , almost to the exit ... 176 in the security station , woodruff turn the key on the 177 console and pray ... woodruff please be there ... please God , let it be there ... ext . national archive - night 178 carry the " souvenir , " Ben hurry down the sidewalk in front of the National Archives . abigail ( 0.s. ) hey ! abigail catch up to he , but Ben keep move . abigail ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? BEN what 's what ? ext . national archive , service entrance - night 179 Ian and he man burst out the back service exit . int . national archive , vault room - night 180 the vault 's steel door slide open , revealing the bad news ... the declaration of independence be gone ! int . national archive , security station - night 181 woodruff see the empty vault on the surveillance screen . he hit the alarm and get on he radio . woodruff code red. code Red . we have a break in ! lock it down . nobody leave the building . woodruff look around . he can not believe this be happen . woodruff ( cont 'd ) romebody get the FBI on the phone ! ow ! 182 183 184 National treasure , 4/9/03 53 . ext . constitution avenue - night 182 abigail follow Ben as he hurry across the street . abigail what 's that ? that in you hand . BEN a souvenir . get it at the gift shop . they reach the van , where riley wait , engine run . riley let 's go ! just then , the National Archives alarm SOUND ! abigail 's face fall . she know what Ben have do . abigail you do not . BEN you would not understand . Ben reach for the van door , but abigail scream ... abigail police ! Ben panic , grab she , cover she mouth , but she bite he and ... come up with the declaration of independence . ext . national archive , service entrance - night 183 as Ian and he man climb into they catering truck , Ian see ... Ben stand across the street with abigail who be hold the declaration of Independence . ext . constitution avenue - night 184 abigail look at the roll up parchment , incredulous . BEN careful with that ! abigail oh. my. god. riley see she have it now and put he head in he hand . riley ( sotto ) oh my god. National treasure , 4/9/03 54 . 184 continued : 184 185 186 BEN ( to abigail ) you be make a big mistake -- abigail -- you be not protect it . you be steal it . BEN listen . there be some very bad people , people who do not care about the declaration of Independence , people who only see it as a map . abigail you be pathetic . with that , she turn and start crossing the street , the declaration of Independence in she hand . Ben hurry to get into the van . BEN come on . let 's go . riley watch abigail leave with the declaration . riley but . you can not just let she go . BEN yes , we can . suddenly , the catering truck barrel down on abigail in the middle of the street . she side - step out of its way , but it screech to a stop in front of she , block she path . Ben see the truck 's driver ... it 's shippen . BEN ( cont 'd ) oh no . the truck 's back door burst gpen , and Ian , Shaw , and Powell jump out and swarm abigail . she struggle like a wild cat . Ben move to help she , but Powell open fire on he , send Ben diving for cover behind the van . int . van - night 185 riley duck as the van be rake with bullet . the van 's window shatter . Glass shard pepper the interior . ext . constitution avenue - night 186 Ian and Shaw throw abigail into the back of the truck . Powell jump into the cab , and the truck peel out . 187 188 189 190 191 192 193 194 195 National treasure , 4/9/03 int . van - night Ben jump in , and riley slam it into gear . ext . constitution avenue - night the catering truck wheel through traffic . a beat behind , the van blow through a red light and fly after it . int . catering truck , moving - night abigail hold the declaration of Independence . Ian hold out he hand . ian give it to I . abigail over my dead body . ext . constitution avenue - night the catering truck turn hard and slew onto 3rd Street . a dozen police car speed by they , go the other way , toward the National Archives . int . catering truck , moving - night the truck veer suddenly , send abigail on she ass . Ian snatch the declaration of Independence out of she hand as she stumble . ext . 3rd STREET - night 55 . a scenic street if anyone have time to look . the U.S. Capitol on one side , the Washington monument on the other . the van gain on the catering truck , but Powell lean out the passenger side window and open FIRE . int . van , moving - night Ben and riley duck as the front windshield explode . ext . 3rd STREET - night the van fall back . int . catering truck , moving - night abigail watch helplessly as Ian hold the declaration of Independence . abigail please . be careful with it . 187 188 189 190 191 192 193 194 195 195 196 197 198 199 200 National treasure , 4/9/03 56 . continued : 195 Ian ignore she . slip the document from its cover . shaw what do we do with she ? Ian start unrol the document . do not look up . ian no witness . Shaw turn he gun on abigail . abigail 's eye search the truck . look for a way out ... int . van , moving - night 196 riley pull alongside the driver 's side of the catering truck , then he yank the wheel hard ... ext . freeway on - ramp - night 197 the van slam into the catering truck just as ... int . catering truck , moving - night 198 Shaw cock he gun , squeeze the trigger , but the truck shake violently on impact , send Shaw on he ass . abigail scrabble to the truck 's back door , but they be latch shut . irked , Shaw move to finish she off . but just then , Ian notice something about the document that make he go ... ian wait . Ian look up , then turn the document to abigail . ian ( cont 'd ) what the hell be this ? abigail look at the document , and be dust as surprised as Ian . stamped on the document be a pri . e grin . abigail a souvenir . ext . interstate 395 - night 199 the van slalom traffic and pull alongside the truck . int . catering truck , moving - night 200 Ian look to abigail , who stand by the truck 's back door . ian who be you ? 200 201 202 203 204 205 206 207 National treasure , 4/9/03 57 . continued : 200 abigail talk , she reach behind she back and surreptitiously unlatch the door latch ... abigail ( stalling ) I be Dr. abigail chase , executive custodian of the charter of freedom for the National Archives . int . van , moving - night 201 Ben move to the back of the van and slide open the van 's side door . int . catering truck cab , moving - night 202 shippen see Ben in the van and whip the steering wheel ... ext . interstate 395 - night 203 the catering truck yaws into the van . int . catering truck , moving - night 204 abigail finally manage to unlatch the latch . abigail who be you -- just then , the truck be rock as it slam into the van . Ian and Shaw be bury by a cascade of chafing dish . the truck 's back door to swing OPEN wildly . abigail just manage to grab the latch , and she arc out into traffic . ext . interstate 395 - night 205 a tour bus motor along in the heavy D.C. traffic , pass the jefferson Memorial , beautifully light at night . int . tour bus , moving - night 206 a group of tourist crane they neck out they window as a tour guide zealously describe the sight . tour guide ... and over to you right , you can see the jefferson Memorial . who can tell I what important document Thomas jefferson author ? nobody answer . instead , they be all glue to the action ... ext . interstate 395 - night 207 abigail dangle off the door , both hand grip the latch . 208 209 210 211 212 213 214 215 National treasure , 4/9/03 58 . ext . van , moving - night 208 riley maneuver the van up to the back of the catering truck . Ben hold onto the door frame and reach out to abigail . BEN grab my hand ! holding on for dear life , she look to Ben like he 's crazy . abigail with what ?! int . van , moving - night 209 riley fight the wheel , hold steady . look ahead_to see a traffic jam . total gridlock . a sea of red brake light . riley uh ... hurry ! ext . van , moving - night 210 Ben reach for abigail . BEN come on ! abigail summon up she courage , let go of one hand , and swing toward Ben . they finger almost touch ... int . van , moving - night 211 but there 's no more room to go . riley brake ... ext . interstate 395 - night 212 the van and Ben suddenly decelerate away from abigail who almost fall . int . catering truck cab , moving - night 213 the van fall back , and shippen look ahead and see why ... parked car lock in traffic . shippen slam on the brake . ext . interstate 395 - night 214 the catering truck tire burn rubber . int . catering truck , moving - night 215 the sudden stop send Ian and Shaw ass over elbow . the truck 's door swing abigail back inside , then close behind she . abigail 's now back in the truck in front of a angry fire squad . Shaw turn he gun on she ... 216 217 218 219 220 221 222 National treasure , 4/9/03 59 . ext . interstate 395 - night 216 Ben hurry to the back of the catering truck and yank the handle just as ... int . catering truck - night 217 Shaw shoot ! but abigail disappear as the truck door swing open again . the errant bullet blow out the windshield of a oncoming tanker truck . the tanker truck driver yank the wheel hard and slam on he brake . ext . interstate 395 - night 218 the tanker truck jack -knife ... int . catering truck - night 219 Ian and Shaw watch in horror as the jack - knife tanker truck slew uncontrollably toward they . they dive out of the truck . int . catering truck cab - night 220 shippen lay on he horn , not see what Powell see in he rearview mirror .... the runaway juggernaut . ext . interstate 395 - night 221 powell and other motorist scramble out of they car , ducking and diving out of the way of the tanker truck ... ... which shippen finally see . too late . the tanker truck crash into the back of the catering truck . . . wham -smash-crunch ! each car in front of the catering truck plows into the car in front of it . Metal crumple , glass shatter , tire pop . ian , shaw , and powell come up from the smoking mayhem . Ian look down the shoulder where he see ... BEN and riley's van blow past the pile-up . the van pull off a off-ramp and disappear . ian piss ! int . van , moving - night 222 riley drive , pedal to the metal . Ben sit in the back with a flustered abigail . 222 National treasure , 4/9/03 60 . continued : 222 BEN you all right ? abigail no , I be not all right ! where 's the declaration of Independence ? she immediately start search the van . riley glance in the rearview mirror and see she search the van . riley what do you mean " where be it " ? you have it ! abigail I do not have it . he give I a fake . riley look to Ben , surprised . riley you do ? ( between he tooth ) then , why would we go after she , Ben ? abigail Ben ? I think you name be Paul . BEN I have to lie . my real name be Ben Gates . Benjamin Franklin Gates . abigail I be suppose to believe that ? BEN be name after one of America 's founding father be sort of like a tradition in my family . riley a obsession , actually . abigail where be the real the declaration of Independence ? BEN do not worry . it 's safe . abigail stop search . eye he . abigail so you do steal it . BEN if I have not , that man would have . 222 223 224 225 National treasure , 4/9/03 61 . continued : ( 2 ) 222 abigail give it to I . I have to return it . BEN I can not let you do that . that guy who try to kill you will just come after it again . abigail we will warn the authority . they will protect it . BEN like they do tonight ? ext . national archive - night 223 the building be now cordon off and swarm with police . int . national archive , NORTH foyer - night 224 men and women in FBI blazer enter with woodruff . lead the group be sadusky ( 40s ) , solidly build , a complete pro . sadusky what be we deal with ? woodruff a break -in . int . national archive , rotunda - night 225 the detain guest wait impatiently in the rotunda . sadusky and he team enter and take charge of the room . sadusky all right , my name be sadusky . I be agent in charge . I want this building clear and seal off . Security clearance only . sadusky turn to a female agent , agent daw . sadusky ( cont 'd ) a complete list of name of everyone on tonight 's guest list and they date . find out who 's not here . agent daw peel off , and sadusky turn to agent johnson . sadusky ( cont 'd ) the vault and dobby security dog and all the surveillance tape for the last 30 day . agent Johnson nod and peel off , and sadusky turn to two more agent , agent colfax and agent hendrick . National treasure , 4/9/03 62 . 225 continued : 225 sadusky ( cont 'd ) the car in the underground parking garage . find any not account for . colfax and hendrick leave , and sadusky turn to woodruff . sadusky ( cont 'd ) I want the name and shift schedule of everybody with access to the building . from the janitor to the curator . woodruff yes , sir . sadusky now , Mr. woodruff , if you can please tell I what exactly be take ? woodruff gulp , can barely choke out the word ... 226 int . van , moving - night 226 riley pull onto a highway . abigail there 's no map on the back of the declaration of Independence . BEN ever hear of the templar Knights ? abigail they be a military order of the Catholic Church dissolve by the Pope in the 14th century . BEN after King Philip of France have they all burn at the stake . abigail that 's only a legend . BEN the templar Knights be what legend be make of . Noble man with no allegiance to any state or ruler . they cause be to protect innocent people from tyrannical ruler and oppression . n 1307 , they break into a wasigothic stronghold in languedoc , France and find a treasure so massive it take six day to exhume . they have take a vow of poverty and swore to protect the treasure , use it only for the ( more ) National treasure , 4/9/03 63 . 226 continued : 226 BEN ( cont 'd ) noblest purpose . King Philip want the treasure ... if he could only find it . he have the Knights arrest and torture , but none ever confess to the treasure 's whereabouts . the few Knights who would evade capture hide the treasure for almost 200 year , then finally bring it to he one place where there be no king and no religious persecution , the New World . Christopher Columbus , not so coincidentally , be a descendant of the Knights . abigail what do the pempiar Knights have to do with the declaration 's Ben pulls_a one - dollar bill out of he pocket and point to the symbol on the back . BEN the all - see eye . the unfinish pyramid . this be the mark of the templar . we founding father be descendant of the Knights . they put the map on the back . abigail just look at Ben . a incredulous beat , then ... abigail this be crazy . I be call the police . stop the car . riley do not slow down . abigail ( cont 'd ) you wish to add kidnap to you list of federal offense ? riley you can get out whenever you want . abigail glance out the window . they be go about 7@mph . abigail Fine . I will ! she reach for the door handle . BEN do you still want to hear the riddle from the pipe ? that stop abigail . she turn he , listen . 226 227 National treasure , 4/9/03 64 . continued : ( 2 ) 226 BEN ( cont 'd ) " the legend writ , the stain effect the key in silence undetected fifty-five in iron pen Mr. matlack can not offend . " abigail timothy matlack ? the calligrapher of the declaration of Independence ? BEN the pipe come from mt. Vernon . abigail digest this , incredulous . abigail if that 's true , the pipe be a major american historical find . BEN yeah well , Ian already have it , and he will take the declaration too if we do not protect it . abigail how do I know you be not lie ? BEN we look at the back . abigail consider that , then look Ben square in the eye . abigail all right . but if there 's nothing on the back , you be turn yourselves in . BEN deal . because if there 's nothing on the back , the declaration 's safe . int . national archive , service corridor - night 227 two emt work on Guard Ferguson who be conscious now . he sit propped up against a wall , talk to agent daw . guard ferguson the_only thing I remember be the smell of my hair burn . on sadusky who approach . agent daw nod to Guard Ferguson , then join sadusky down the hall . agent daw they get he with a taser gun at the service entrance . 227 228 National treasure , 4/9/03 65 . continued : 227 sadusky do he see the shooter ? anything ? agent daw shake she head , no . int . national archive , inner corridor - night 228 fbi_ forensics technician work the crime scene , study bullet casing and dusting for fingerprint . sadusky move down the corridor with Dr. Herbert and woodruff . sadusky round be fire , and nobody hear anything ? woodruff the vault corridor be line with three foot of steel and concrete . sadusky study the wall pock with bullet hole . sadusky we get a description from the guard ? woodruff which guard ? sadusky the guard that be fire upon . woodruff there be no guard on patrol down here . sadusky move to the elevator which be also bullet- riddled . sadusky then , who be the thief shoot at ? just then , agent colfax call from the stall elevator . agent colfax ( 0.s. ) found it ! sadusky , woodruff and Dr. Herbert move to ... the elevator . agent hendrick stand above the elevator car in the shaft . he hand the empty thermopane display case down to agent colfax from its hide place . agent hendrick look like they use a dibasic acid to dissolve the bolt . Dr. Herbert look so break up , he just might cry . National treasure , 4/9/03 66 . 228 continued : Dr. Herbert 228 sadusky get a copy of the declaration in place before open tomorrow . dr . herbert yes , absolutely . sadusky no word go to the public . everything be to appear normal . do he best to compose himself . dr . herbert who would do such a thing ? agent hendrick anti-government terrorist . just then , agent Johnson step up . agent johnson computerize security record indicate that a Dr. abigail chase access the vault at 9:32 pm tonight . dr . herbert Dr. chase ? impossible . I be with she at that time . agent Johnson show sadusky a copy of abigail 's id photo . Dr. Herbert approach , sadusky who be she ? dr . herbert the charter of freedom custodian . agent johnson the one in charge of the declaration of Independence . sadusky where be she ? let 's talk to she . agent johnson unaccount for , sir . be upset by the news . now , agent daw carry a computer printout . agent daw a man name Benjamin Gates use he credit card in the gift shop at 9:39 pm . he be not on the guest list . we get a address from the credit card company . 228 229 230 231 National treasure , 4/9/03 67 . continued : ( 2 ) 228 sadusky * gift shop ? what the hell do this * guy buy ? int . van , moving - night 229 * Ben root around under the seat . come up with a Big -gulp * cup . toss it aside . finally come up with a cardboard mailing tube . he peel off a old cheeseburger wrapper stick to it , then hand it to abigail . * BEN * here . abigail open the tube and partially pull out the document . the age parchment be clearly visible through the plastic . she 's awe -struck . abigail you be not to touch this ever again ! she slip the document back inside the tube . BEN Fine by I . I never want to touch it in the first place . abigail you do not deserve to touch it . riley let 's just look at the map . that way nobody will ever have to touch it again . abigail not here . riley what do you mean " not here " ? abigail not in the back of a van . we will need chemical . a control environment . a clean room with particulate air filtration . esd attire . I hope you have all that . CUT to - a door burst OPEN , and a swat team swarm in , all 230 * in black , bullet - proof gear , helmet , light , gun . we widen to reveal that we be in ... int . apartment - night 231 shroud of plastic hang over the window . beam of light cut through the darkness as the team move swiftly through the room . a beat , then a swat team member call out ... 231 232 233 National treasure , 4/9/03 68 . continued : 231 swat cop Interior secure ! int . apartment build corridor - night 232 sadusky and he team move down the hallway . agent daw read from a printout . agent daw Ben Franklin Gates use he Visa on a one - way plane ticket from Toronto to D.C. two day ago after spend seven month unaccount for . before that , he paper trail 's get he all over the place . Boston , France , Boston , Greenland . agent colfax the tandlady do not _want to say much about hile only that he 's rarely here , that he 's very nice , and that he always pay he rent , sometimes month in advance . they come to a room cordon off and guard by police . agent colfax ( cont 'd ) wait ' till you see this . int . ben' loft apartment - night 233 sadusky and he team enter the room and stop suddenly at what they see . we reverse and find ... we're in Ben 's apartment , and everything be now all line in_ plastic . every square inch of the room . the window , wall , carpet , television , and all of the furniture . a chemistry set sit on the dresser . a box of blue esd booties sit near the door . the only other thing not cover be a xerox copy collection of old handwritten letter . agent daw don a pair of glove , pick they up , and study the letter . agent daw letter to the editor of the New - England courant . written in 1722 . she flip through the other letter . agent daw ( cont 'd ) they be all from the same person . ( read a letter ) " you humble servant , silence dogood . " agent hendrick study the blue booty by the door . National treasure , 4/9/03 69 . 233 continued : 233 agent hendrick what 's this guy up to ? agent johnson profiler say we be look at a adult male , a loner , have a high iq but have never be able to hold down a_ job , be socially inept , have probably write numerous letter — of the White House express anti - government sentiment . we be expect he to contact we shortly with ransom demand . sadusky eye the " do not tread on I " flag which be cover in clear plastic . sadusky I do not think he 's go to be call with any ransom demand . 234 CUT to - a bottle of SAMUEL adam beer be slam down onto 234 a table . we widen to reveal ... 235 int . hawk and dove restaurant - night 235 Powell and Shaw sit with Ian who study the pipe . shaw where do you think they go ? no response . Ian turn the pipe over , then look to a cocktail napkin on which he 's write the riddle . on the napkin , the word " legend " and " key " be underline along with " undetected " and " silence . " ian that bastard . he do know something he be not tell I . look at this . ( point to a line ) * " legend " and " key " be not the same * thing . " legend " mean map . " Key mean key . powell the key to the treasure ? ian during the war , general use secret code and cipher to disguise they communication . to decode the cipher , the recipient need the " key , " like a book or a old letter . * " the key in silence undetected . " * you know why silence be capitalize ? Powell and Shaw exchange a look , then hazard a guess ... National treasure , 4/9/03 70 . 235 continued : 235 shaw because ... it 's important ? ian because it 's a name . 236 int . van , moving - night 236 Ben and abigail look ahead to see a sea of police and FBI in the parking lot of Ben 's apartment building . riley what do we do now ? abigail turn yourselves in . BEN go to hillcrest . riley ( scoff , incredulous ) we can not go there ! abigail where ? BEN we need the key to the cipher . I have copy . he have the original . abigail who ? riley he hate you . he will turn you in . abigail whoever it be , he sound like a good man . 237 ext . hillcrest neighborhood - night 237 oak tree line the street colonial and Queen Anne home . 238 ext . colonial home - night 238 Ben knock on the door and wait with riley and abigail . a beat , then_a 60 - year-old , gray man open the door . he take one look at Ben , then slam the door . riley shrug . BEN I do not think he recognize I . riley I think he 's still mad at you for not go to Medical School . 238 National treasure , 4/9/03 71 . continued : 238 BEN ( pound on the door ) dad ! open the door ! I need you help . the man open the door again . we realize now he 's patrick gate , Ben 's father . he look to he son , then to abigail ... patrick do not tell I . you get she pregnant . BEN no ! abigail look down at she stomach , suddenly self conscious . abigail ( disappointed ) I look pregnant ? BEN ( to he dad ) I need the silence dogood letter . abigail ( incredulous ) you have silence dogood letter ? BEN we great great - great - great - randfather George Washington Gates ound a few hide in a old desk he buy at a auction . no one ever understand they meaning until we find the pipe . patrick this better not involve Charlotte . BEN my day of look for Charlotte be over . I swear . riley he 's tell the truth , Mr. Gates . Patrick smile smug as he open the door to let they in . patrick I know it . I know there be no Charlotte . I tell you so . BEN dad , let 's not do the " I tell you so " thing . National treasure , 4/9/03 72 . 238 continued : ( 2 ) 238 patrick I think after all this year I be entitle to a little " I tell you so . " I tell you , I tell you grandpa , I tell your_mother . you people waste you life chase something that do not exist -- BEN -- all right , dad , you ask for it . do you really want to know ? i. find . Charlotte . that 's right . I really find she . that stop Patrick . he look to abigail . abigail I be not Charlotte . my name be abigail . Dr. abigail chase . BEN Charlotte be a ship . patrick I know . she leave port from Maine 1779 . I waste seven year search the coast of France . BEN she never make it_to France . I find the ship 's log of the hms erebus , a ship that leave port two day before the Charlotte . the captain write that he ship barel survive a bad southeaster which figure must have blow the Charlotte off course . that stop Patrick . his eye flash with excitement . patrick how far off course ? 239 int . HOTEL suite - night 239 Ian work on he laptop while Powell and Shaw eat room service food . his computer beeps . ian ( triumphantly ) silence dogood . here she be . on the computer screen be the search result for " silence " and " declaration of Independence . " we notice the name " silence dogood " many time . shaw ( 0.s. ) who be it ? 239 240 241 National treasure , 4/9/03 73 . continued : 239 we push in on the screen , then pull out and as we hear agent Johnson 's voice take over the explanation ... agent johnson ( 0.s. ) silence dogood , a.k.a. , Benjamin Franklin . we pull back and realize that we have transitioned to ... ext . apartment build , parking lot - night 240 sadusky stand with he team at a make- shift command post . the FBI have just run the same Google search . agent Johnson read from he laptop screen . agent johnson Ben Franklin be 15 year old , apprentice for he brother James ' newspaper when he secretly write 14 letter to the editor of the courant use the pen name , silence dogood , a middle - age widow wife of a Minister . she write about colonial life , gain quite a follow , and even obtain proposal of marriage . sadusky regards the copy letter from Ben 's apartment . sadusky this letter be write by Benjamin Franklin ? now , agent colfax step up with a sheet of paper . agent colfax the gift shop clerk id would Gates on the surveillance tape from earlier in the evening . sadusky study Ben 's photo . close on the picture , a grainy surveillance image of Ben in he tuxedo as he pass through the security checkpoint upon enter the National Archives gala . sadusky hand the photo back to agent colfax . sadusky release he picture to the press . Dr. chase 's too . someone 's bound to spot they . int . colonial home , dine room - night 241 Ben clear the dining room table . abigail help , but she eye search the room and stop on ... a phone . but it 's too close to Ben to get to . National treasure , 4/9/03 74 . 241 continued : 241 abigail where 's the bathroom ? BEN down the hall . first door on the right . abigail disappear into the hall . 242 int . colonial home , hall - night 242 abigail move down the hall and find to the bathroom . directly across the hall be a study . abigail glance back toward the live room , then duck into the study . 243 int . colonial home , study - night 243 pack with book on shelf and_in pile . abigail move to a desk and find a phone cradle ... but no phone . she notice a collection of framed button hang on the wall . close on one of the frame button . it 's a silver - plate George Washington inaugural button . there be a note , " dad , found this in a backyard in maryland . Love , Ben . " BEN ( 0.s. ) look for this ? abigail turn , startle . she see the phone in Ben 's hand . BEN ( cont 'd ) I think we have a deal . abigail ( cover ) Dr. Herbert will be worried about I . BEN you guy dating ? abigail yes , and he 's go to kill you . BEN I figure . he look like you type . abigail you have no idea what my type be . BEN I know you do not like treasure hunter . abigail I like man I can trust . 243 244 National treasure , 4/9/03 75 . continued : 243 Ben consider that , then hand she the phone and leave . abigail look at the phone in she hand , surprised . int . colonial home , dine room - night 244 abigail emerge from the hallway with the phone to find Ben stand there . abigail why do you come after I ? you have the declaration of Independence . you could have just get away . BEN why do not you call you boyfriend ? abigail he 's not my boyfriend . they look at each other for a moment , then riley enter . riley I park the van around back . Ben hand abigail the glove . she don they , then open the tube . they all look at each other for a beat , then ... abigail carefully slip the declaration of Independence out of the tube . the document practically glow with history . she catch she breath , mesmerize by its power , then gingerly unroll the document . they be all awe-struck . now , Patrick enter with a tray of tea . he go to set it on the table , right on the declaration of Independence ... ... but Ben quickly intercept the tray . BEN whoa ! not there . Ben grab the tray from he dad and set it on the buffet . now , Patrick notice the ancient parchment on the table . patrick where would you get that ? it look old . BEN a little over 200 year . patrick wow . you sure ? Ben and riley exchange know look . riley nod ... riley pretty sure . 244 National treasure , 4/9/03 76 . continued : 244 patrick what be it ? riley just a map . patrick I do not see anything . he reach to turn the parchment over , but Ben stop he . BEN this side . it 's invisible ink . patrick so , put it in the oven . abigail no ! patrick why not ? Ferrous sulfate ink can only be bring out with heat . abigail but it will damage the -- BEN -- parchment . ( to he dad ) she 's right . it 's very old . we can not risk compromise the map . patrick you need a reagent . BEN I know . Ben grab a slice of lemon off the tea tray . patrick just the upper right -hand corner . BEN ( peeve ) I know . abigail if there be indeed a secret message , it will be mark with a symbol there first . BEN i_know . National treasure , 4/9/03 77 . 244 continued : ( 2 ) 244 he brushes the lemon over the corner of the parchment . they all eagerly ... wait ... for it to reveal ... anything . abigail nothing . riley look hard at the parchment , ready to jump off the high building . riley nothing ? patrick you sure it 's this side ? BEN it need heat . with that , Ben lean in and breathes on the parchment . as if by magic , the puff of warm breath reveal ... a series of number . they appear briefly , flicker , then disappear . but everyone in the room see they . a wash of silence overcome they , then ... abigail we need more heat . 245 CUT to close on a hairdryer blow on a low set on the 245 parchment . as it do , a_long series of fade number slowly emerge : 6.14.7 , 4.54.4 , 10.1.9 ... abigail oh. my. god. patrick a series of number . 3 per set . BEN it 's a ottendorf cipher . patrick George Washington and the Marquis de Lafayette use they to pass secret message from the front line . riley ( cover ) duh BEN the first number indicate the page in the key , in this case , the set of silence dogood letter . the second number in the cipher be the line on that page . and the third be the word on that line . National treasure , 4/9/03 245 continued : riley where be the map with the " X " ? BEN there 's never a map with a " X . " riley then , who start that legend ? abigail study the number , tear welling in she eye . abigail this be amazing . BEN dad , where be the letter ? we need the letter . patrick ( suddenly guilty ) when you leave , I get rid of everything . as they talk , abigail pick up the document and hold it up to the chandelier light for closer inspection . BEN dad , where be they ?! patrick I donate they . riley hang he head . riley I hope you get a big tax write - off . BEN who would you give they to ? patrick there 's only one place for they . BEN you give they to the Ben Franklin Museum ? patrick it complete they collection . 78. abigail excitedly scrutinize the write on the declaration of Independence . abigail this be a tremendous discovery ! all this time . no one know there be something on the back . 245 245 National treasure , 4/9/03 79 . continued : ( 2 ) 245 patrick on the back of what ? Patrick peek at the front of the document , and he face fall as_he now sees what be on the other side of the parchment . it start with , " in congress , July 4th 1776 . " patrick ( cont 'd ) Holy shit ! BEN I know . patrick that 's the -- BEN -- I know . Patrick digest that , about to blow a gasket , then ... patrick ( excited ) it 's brilliant ! | put the map on the back of a important document guarantee the map 's survival . BEN I know . riley um , guy ... riley 's attention be draw to the television in the de . on the screen be the grainy surveillance picture of Ben caption with he name . Ben go to the television and turn it up . reporter ( on screen ) ... for question in connection with a attempt robbery at the National Archives _ tonight . authority be also look for this woman ... on the screen , a picture of abigail also appear . abigail gasp . reporter ( on screen ) ( cont 'd ) ... Dr. abigail chase , a museum employee who have be report as miss . Police do not say whether Dr. chase be a suspect or a witness , only that she be the only National Archives employee not currently account for ... 245 246 247 National treasure , 4/9/03 80 . continued : ( 3 ) 245 the think of she be want almost make abigail faint . abigail we should turn ourselves in . we have evidence now . BEN the FBI will just think I put that number on the back . they will put I in jail , the declaration back on display , and Ian will just come after it again . patrick he 's right . the declaration of Independence will never be safe . riley so , now what ? patrick find that treasure . ben_look to he dad surprised . it 's first time he 's see a glimmer of approval in he dad 's face in a long time . abigail we need to change we clothes . ext . hillcrest neighborhood - night 246 a swarm of police car and government sedan sit park on the driveway and street outside Patrick 's home . int . colonial home , dine room - night 247 saduskys team sweep the house . Patrick sit calmly at the table as sadusky scrutinize the tea service . patrick my son tell I to call you . said_ otherwise I would be aid and abetting . sadusky look to agent daw who read from a dossier . agent daw Benjamin Franklin Gates . graduate with honors from Dartmouth with a phd in american History . spend he summer work on a deep sea salvage expedition . patrick he be look for Charlotte . agent hendrick a girl ? National treasure , 4/9/03 81 . 247 continued : 247 patrick ( dramatically ) a quest . the agent exchange eye-rolling look , like " another whacko . " sadusky Sir , do you son say where he be go ? patrick ( think ) no , he never actually say . sadusky you son 's in a lot of trouble , Mr. Gates . he 's steal a National treasure . patrick sometimes a man have to do something wrong in order to do something right . sadusky and what would that right thing be ? Patrick reach for something in he pocket and , in a instant , every fed ( except sadusky ) have they gun out and train on Patrick who freeze . sadusky sigh . sadusky ( cont 'd ) guy . he 's go for he wallet . the agent holster they sidearm , and Patrick pull out he wallet , take out a $ 1 - bill , and lay it on the table . patrick have you ever hear of the lose treasure of the templar Knights ? 248 ext . colonial home - night 248 sadusky and he team of agent exit the house . as they walk , sadusky study the one-dollar bill . agent johnson a_map on the back of the declaration of Independence ? insanity obviously run in the family . agent colfax let 's hope we recover the declaration before he go into endgame . sadusky whether or not there 's a treasure map , Gates be not the only one after it . 248 249 250 251 252 National treasure , 4/9/03 82 . continued : 248 agent daw look to she boss , realize ... agent daw the gunfire outside the vault room ... sadusky ... someone be shoot at Gates . someone else who know about the map . sadusky finally pocket the dollar bill . sadusky ( cont 'd ) Ben Gates have copy of the silence dogood letter at he apartment . he need they for something . let 's find out where the original be . ext . independence national historic park - day 249 revolutionary war soldier armed with musket fire a volley of shot at_a line of red coat . boom - boom -boom ! several british fall . we widen to reveal ... we be watch a re-enactment of a revolutionary battle . horse , cannon , drum , gunfire . we move through a crowd of tourist which stand on the sideline and come to ... WASHINGTON square , where a mock - up of a Continental Army encampment have be set up for the show . stand between the tent , Ben and abigail survey the scene . abigail he 's take too long . he 's be catch . BEN they're not look for riley , just we . he 's fine . CUT to - close on a 12 - year - old boy' face press against 250 some glass . we widen to see ... int . benjamin franklin museum - day 251 the boy be look through exhibit glass at a collection of Franklin invention and artifact : a glass armonica , a Franklin stove , and many hand - write letter . as the boy study the letter , we notice some of sadusky 's team be here , eyeing the crowd . int . BEN franklin museum , office - day 252 the museum curator stand with sadusky and agent daw . he study a photocopy of Ben Gates driver license picture . sadusky we be expect he to come here -- 252 253 254 255 National treasure , 4/9/03 83 . continued : 252 curator -- I be afraid you must be mistaken . the curator hand the photo back to sadusky . curator ( cont 'd ) the Gates family donate many of the silence dogood letter to we . sadusky and agent daw exchange a curious look . curator ( cont 'd ) fascinating story how they come to have they , in fact . go all the way back to President Jackson ... int . benjamin franklin museum - day 253 the boy finally finish read the letter and exit . ext . 4 th STREET - day 254 the boy exit the museum , pass a actor dress like benjamin franklin , spout aphorism to passersby . the boy cross the cobblestone street and go to ... riley . sit at a_bus stop and work on a gettysburg Times crossword puzzle . he look up . boy and . riley you sure ? 4th letter , 22nd line -- boy -- third word , " and . " riley good . thanks . riley hand he $ 5 , then jot down " and " under the number " 4.22.3 . " on he crossword , we see riley 's write word under the corresponding code from the declaration . so far , it read : " the trove unfold for he who toll pass and ... " ext . independence national historic park - day 255 another line of red coat fall to cannon fire ... boom - boom ! the crowd cheer , while abigail grow increasingly anxious . abigail I can not take this anymore . 255 National treasure , 4/9/03 84 . continued : 255 Ben watch the re-enactment . BEN I know . it 's all wrong . we lose this battle and every other in Philadelphia ... abigail regards he . that 's not what she mean , but he continue on he tangent . BEN ( cont 'd ) ... most people do not realize that George Washington be a rather poor military tactician , and that it be really benedict Arnold who win the war for we with he victory in the Battle of Saratoga which finally earn the Continental Army the support of France . abigail just stare at ben. BEN ( cont 'd ) what ? abigail nothing . I just think I was_the only one obsessed with meaningless historical trivia . BEN there 's no such thing . sometimes ... as he talk , abigail spot something over he shoulder ... ian and shaw move through the crowd toward they . BEN ( cont 'd ) ... the littlest thing matter the mo -- without warning , abigail grab Ben and ... pull he in for a passionate kiss . Ben 's surprised but go with it until abigail just as suddenly pull out of the kiss . abigail Ian 's here . she motion with she eye , and Ben follow they to see ian and shaw push through the crowd . BEN he must have figure out what " silence " mean . which mean he 's go to the museum . 255 256 257 258 National treasure , 4/9/03 85 . continued : ( 2 ) 255 Ben move to go , but abigail grab he . abigail I just want you to know that kiss mean nothing . I be only do it to hide we . BEN History remember what it want to * remember . with that , Ben and abigail follow Ian and Shaw . * ext . 4 th STREET - day 256 * crowd with tourist . Ian and Shaw move through the throng . they come to the corner . up ahead be the Ben Franklin Museum . in front , there be several federal agent . Ian stop , look around , to across the street to where riley be wait . just then , however , a bus pull up and stop right in front of riley , block Ian 's view . ext . 4 th STREET - day 257 as people climb on and off the bus , riley stare at something on the side of the bus . he smile to himself ... riley I be a genius . we reverse to see what he be see ... close on the word " pass " inscribe in iron . we pull back a little to see " pass and stow . " then , a_little more to see the word be inscribe on the Liberty Bell in a ad ... ... on_ the side of the bus which now pull away . a beat then Ian step up with Shaw , but riley's gone . Ian look around . see the trash can . on top , the crossword puzzle . int . benjamin franklin museum - day 258 sadusky and agent daw exit the office . the other agent all signal he with , " nothing yet . " sadusky notice a woman who look like a prostitute read the dogood letter . agent daw I do not get it . why would Gates want to steal something the family donate ? but sadus ky be not pisten . he pull away from he team to follow the prostitute who be now leave . 259 260 261 National treasure , 4/9/03 86 . ext . 4 th STREET - day 259 the prostitute cross the street to the bus stop , but riley 's long go . the prostitute look around . sadusky ( 0.s. ) who be you look for ? the prostitute see the suit and immediately look to run , but she 's surround by the rest of sadusky 's team . sadusky ( cont 'd ) whoa , you be not in trouble . we be just look for the same person you be . ext . independence national historic park - day 260 * soldier march to the beat of drum and fife command . smoke rise over the field from cannon and musket fire . | * riley move down a line of Continental Army tent , oblivious * to the " melee " in the background . riley I be a genius . I be a genius ! suddenly , someone grab he and pull he between the tent . mo riley a st scream , then see it 's just Ben and abigail . * BEN * Ian 's here . * riley do not matter . I get it . " the trove unfold for he who toll pass and ... " I do not get the last word , but I figure it ou -- BEN -- the Liberty Bell . riley how would you know ? abigail * " toll pass and Stow . " it 's obvious . riley not that obvious . ext . 4 th STREET - day 261 the prostitute sit on the bench , surround by FBI . prostitute all I know be the guy do not want nothing for he money . just a word . National treasure , 4/9/03 87 . 261 continued : 261 sadusky what word ? 262 ext . independence national historic park - day 262 Soldiers march forward , then stop . a actor play GEORGE WASHINGTON ride a horse , commanding he troops ... GEORGE WASHINGTON Fire ! the soldier fire synchronize volley . boom -boom -boom ! the british rank thin . the crowd go wild . 263 ext . 4 th STREET - day 263 * agent Johnson sit in a park sedan . sadusky and the other wait by the open car door as agent Johnson work on a laptop . agent johnson 6,903 search hit for the word " stow " and " declaration of indepen - dence . " the top result be the fourth of July and the Liberty Bell . sadusky the Liberty Bell ? agent johnson two foundry worker name _ John pass and John Stow cast the bell . sadusky that 's it . let 's go . 264 ext . independence national historic park - day 264 Ian and Shaw move through the park . shaw you be kid , right ? ian I wish I be . shaw you_mean , we have to ring the Liberty Bell ?! 265 int . LIBERTY bell pavilion - day 265 crowd with tourist . a tour guide stand next to the famous bell ( which be enclose in a glass display case ) . tour guide ... which have not be rung in over 150 year . it be in 1846 on George ( more ) 265 266 267 268 National treasure , 4/9/03 88. continued : 265 tour guide ( cont 'd ) Washington 's birthday that the final expansion of the crack occur , retire the Liberty Bell permanently . ext . LIBERTY bell pavilion - day 266 a jong line of tourist snake across the park plaza . sadusky and he team move through the crowded plaza . sadusky I want agent post in the pavilion and surround plaza . as of right now , the Liberty Bell in under around - the-clock guard . agent colfax what exactly do we think Gates be plan ? sadusky I do not know , but we already lose one national treasure , I will be damned if we be go to lose another . ext . independence hall - day 267 across the park from the new Liberty Bell pavilion . int . independence hall , belfry - day 268 boom -boom -boom ! a trap door in the belfry floor _is smashed open with the butt of the rifle , and Ben , abigail , and riley climb up onto the belfry 's platform . from here , and Liberty there be a panoramic view of Independence Park pavilion . riley the Liberty Bell be not here . it 's over there . abigail but the bell be here when the map be write . BEN so , it must be rung from here . riley consider that , then ... riley ok , then we simulate it . we get the bell 's exact size and metallurgic composition and determine the tone it make -- National treasure , 4/9/03 89 . 268 continued : 268 abigail -- e-flat . riley perfect . we generate a church bell e-flat note digital wave file , we get a couple high excursion , fow - istortion speaker up here , and plug we ear . BEN but what could ringing the bell possibly do ? riley maybe some stone will magically crumble away , finally revealing the " xxx " that mark the spot . abigail look to the street below , swarm with police . abigail one thing 's for certain , it will definitely alert everyone to we presence . Ben look at she , realize ... BEN the man who ring the Liberty Bell when the declaration of Independence be sign ... who be he ? abigail Andrew mcnair . there use to be a plaque commemorate he up here . BEN find it . they all three immediately get on they hand and knee and search the old belfry floor . a beat , then ... abigail here it be ! Ben hurry to she . find a old bronze plaque under layer of dirt . Ben rub away the dirt with he hand . close on the plaque which be dedicated to : " Andrew mcnair for toll the bell on July 8 , 1776 proclaim the signing of the declaration of Independence -- member Lodge 43 , lancaster Pennsylvania - - " National treasure , 4/9/03 90 . 268 continued : ( 2 ) 268 Ben read the last line of the plaque . BEN " member Lodge 43 " ( look up ) mcnair be a Freemason . Ben grab the rifle and pries up the plaque with the bayonet . abigail what be you do ?! BEN " the trove unfold for he who toll pass and Stow . " the cipher be talk about mcnair . the plaque finally pop off . underneath ...a SMALL hole in the floorboard . '' Ben look to they . they both see it . riley Jesus ... Ben stick he hand into the hole . a beat , then Ben pull out he hand . turn it over . open he fist , revealing ... a pair of old bifocal . riley clap he hand together , happily . riley ( cont 'd ) ok ! Super ! it 's be so worth it . can we_talk about share now ? ' Cause I really need a pair of glass ! BEN bifocals . abigail study Ben , realize ... abigail Ben Franklin invent they . riley and I be sure_he 's be look for this pair ! that found father and they fraternity prank ! riley mimic a old man 's voice . riley ( cont 'd ) BEN " let 's hide old Ben 's the map. bifocal ! " ( feign laughter ) abigail " ha-ha-ha-ha-ha ! " here . abigail slip the declaration out of the musket barrel , and they quickly unroll it as riley continue he rant . 268 National treasure , 4/9/03 91 . continued : ( 3 ) 268 riley BEN " and then , because we the trove unfold ... have nothing better to do , let 's put a secret abigail message on the back of ... mean the treasure can the declaration of be see ... Independence ! " Ben don the bifocal and look at the declaration . abigail ( cont 'd ) well ? Ben take off the glass . hand they to abigail . she slip they on as riley rattles on . riley " and let 's crack the Liberty Bell too ! " " hey , good idea ! and funny ! " abigail look at the declaration . what she see take she breath away . now , riley notice the look on she face . riley ( cont 'd ) what ? abigail stare at the declaration as if in a trance . riley ( cont 'd ) what ? abigail stowly look to Ben in disbelief . he smile big . riley look at they both , impatient ... riley ( cont 'd ) what ? another riddle ? what do we have to do now ? t.p. the White House ?! Ben take the glass off of abigail 's face and hand they to riley , who put they on , and we go to he Pov . close on the back of the declaration of independence . as the lense come into view ... the blank parchment come alive ! a 3 - D image magically appear , rise out 0 @ various shade of parchment c olor , beige and tan , in a prism , Magic - Eye effect ... a 18th century church and cemetery . a " X " mark a spot in the field of grave . the map be date " August 17 , 1776 . " riley ( cont 'd ) ( laugh excited ) I know it ! there it be ! " X " mark the spot ! that 's what I have be alk about ! 268 269 270 271 272 National treasure , 4/9/03 92 . continued : ( 4 ) 268 Ben take the bifocal from riley . Studies the map again . BEN that 's trinity Church . abigail the original trinity Church burn down just two month after the declaration of Independence be sign . BEN I do not think that be a coincidence . * ext . LIBERTY bell pavilion - day 269 * Powell exit the pavilion and rejoin Ian and Shaw in the plaza . right behind they be Independence Hall . powell they be not inside . ian they be here somewhere . Ian look around , then realize . he look up to ... int . independence hall , belfry - day 270 abigail roll up the declaration and slip it into its cover . just then , we hear someone come up the step . riley someone 's come . BEN look down from the belfry ust as ian look up from the plaza below . there eye connect . BEN Ian . riley pull open the trap door and see powell sprinting up the stair . riley slam the trap door shut . int . independence hall , stairwell - day 271 Powell try to push open the belfry 's trap door , but ... int . independence hall , belfry - day 272 riley 's stand on the trap door . he yell to Ben ... riley go ! Ben and abigail climb out of the belfry . riley shove the * musket barrel through a iron ring latch on the trap door . * 273 274 275 276 277 278 279 280 National treasure , 4/9/03 93. int . independence hall , stairwell - day 273 Powell shoot up at the trap door ... blam -blam-blam ! int . independence hall , belfry - day 274 riley tap - dance as gunfire chew up the floorboard at he foot . wood splinter and pop . ext . independence hall , clock tower parapet - day 275 Ben and abigail peer over the edge . it 's a 20 - foot drop to the roof . Ben look around for other option . abigail hand he the declaration of Independence . BEN what be you do ? abigail I do not want to be responsible for bend it ! with that , she turn and ... jump ! she land hard on the rock and tarpaper roof below , then look up to Ben , who 's a little awe -struck by she . he toss the declaration down to she , then jump too . close on the iron latch as boom ! gunfire blow it out . 276 int . independence hall , belfry - day 277 Powell burst up through the trap door into the belfry , hurry to the edge , and see Ben and abigail below . ext . independence hall , roof - day 278 Ben grab abigail and_lunge out of the way as the roof be rake with gunfire . they land hard on a slant part of the roof . the force knock the declaration of tnuependence from abigail 's grip . bullet pock the shin ges in they wake barely miss the declaration as it roll ... down ... the ... incline int . independence hall , belfry - day 279 Powell chase they with gunfire , when suddenly riley kip down from the outside the belfry ' 's archway and . kick powell in the face ! Powell stagger back , then charge riley , slamm he into the wall . ext . independence hall , roof - day 280 Ben and abigail slide out of control down the incline . Ben get a foothold . throw out he hand , just catch the eclaration of independence inch from the edge . 280 281 282 283 284 National treasure , 4/9/03 94 . continued : 280 but abigail be not so lucky . she 's out of he reach . she tumble off the ledge ! she scream ! int . independence hall , belfry - day 281 Powell whip -kick riley in the chin . he stumble backwards . Falls through trap door , grab the lip with one hand . Powell scramble out of the belfry . ext . independence hall , roof - day 282 abigail 's finger grip the rain gutter . a three - story drop below she . Ben scramble to the edge and peer over . from he vantage point , we have a nice , clear view of ... abigail 's cleavage . it 's impossible not to notice . and it give Ben pause . he rain gutter creak , ready to give . abigail um , how about a little help ? Ben look back to see powell jump down from the clock tower . BEN no time . Ben take the declaration of Independence ... BEN ( cont 'd ) hold this . ... and shove it down into abigail 's bosom . she 's aghast . abigail you can not -- BEN -- whatever you do , do not bend it . with that , Ben stand and slam he foot down hard on the rain gutter which tear away from the build ! rivet by rivet , pop - pop - pop ! we follow abigail as she fall , jerk sharply each time a rivet tear away from the plaster . she hold on tight as the rain gutter swing down like a stiff copper vine ... to independence square . to she surprise , she land softly . 283 ext . independence hall , roof - day 284 Powell go to the edge and see abigail get away . he hurry to a roof access ladder , but BEN tackle he from behind and pin he to the ground . just then , we hear abigail scream ! Ben look down to see Ian and Shaw throw abigail into a corvette , then peel out . 284 285 286 287 288 289 National treasure , 4/9/03 95 . continued : 284 Ben take off sprinting , run the length of the roof in the direction of the corvette . powell get up and take off run after ben. riley clamber down from the clock tower and join the chase . BEN get to the end of the roof . there be a gap between of debate it . en launch himself across 's the gap o. " '' ext . congress hall , roof - day 285 Ben land hard , shoulder - roll to he foot . ext . independence hall , roof - day 286 Powell follow suit . he leap across the chasm ... ... but land short , he body slamm against the brick , then fall to the plaza below . riley see he fall , look away , decide to take the stair . ext . congress hall , roof - day 287 Ben sprint across the roof . look down to see the corvette in traffic . a truck a few car behind . Ben fling himself off the roof ... and into a tree . land on a branch . which instantly break . Ben tumble onto ... ext . truck , moving - day 288 the roof of the truck . thunk ! int . corvette , moving - day 289 Ian drive . abigail sit stiffly in the front passenger seat , Shaw 's gun to the back of she head . ian where 's the map ? abigail it 's call the declaration of Independence . and it 's the reason we kick you ass in the war . Ian see the plastic stick up from abigail 's blouse and reach for it , but abigail grab he wrist . ian ah-ah - ah ! must not wrinkle it . she relent , and Ian slip the document out of she bosom . 289 290 291 292 293 294 295 296 297 National treasure , 4/9/03 96 . continued : ian ( cont 'd ) consider this reparation . ext . truck , moving - day Ben crouch like a_rodeo rider as the truck pull alongside the corvette . Ben lunge ... ext . corvette , moving - day Ben land on top of the corvette . .. thunk ! int . corvette , moving - day Ian and Shaw hear the clatter overhead . Ian pull a gun from under he seat and fire up into the car 's roof ! ext . corvette , moving - day Ben roll aside as the car 's roof be rip up by gunfire . int . corvette , moving - day abigail grab Ian 's arm and struggle with he . Ian can not drive , shoot Ben , and fight she at the same time . ext . corvette , moving - day Ben barely manage to hang on as the car spin sideways across traffic , then crash into the side of another car . ext . LIBERTY bell plaza - day sadusky hear , then see the mayhem in the adjacent street . sadusky get people over there now ! agent daw get on she radio as they all start sprinting toward 5th Street . ext . 5 th STREET - day sadusky and agent daw push through panicked tourist , see the corvette speed through traffic with Ben cling to the roof . be it he ? sadusky call out ... sadusky gate ! Ben turn . they eye meet . sadusky get a good look ; it 's he man . sadusky pull out he gun , have a clean shot ... as the corvette slalom traffic , sadusky follow he with he gun . a easy target . his finger tighten on the trigger ...but ...he...just ...ca not ...do...it. 289 290 291 292 293 294 295 296 297 297 298 299 300 301 302 National treasure , 4/9/03 97 . continued : 297 the corvette disappear around a building . sadusky lower he gun , mad at himself . sadusky ( cont 'd ) shit . ext . independence national historic park - day 298 the corvette slam over the curb , send scream people ducking and diving out of the way . the corvette speed oward ... a line of red coat . Soldiers scatter , parting like the Red Sea . horse buck and bolt ! int . corvette , moving - day 299 Ian navigate through the battle . suddenly , Ben reach in through the open window and grab the declaration of Independence from he . Ian fight it , but abigail bite he arm ! Ian smack she , then whip the wheel ... ext . independence national historic park - day 300 ... send Ben fly off the top of the corvette . we follow BEN who slam onto the grass . lose the declaration of Independence which ... ... roll away down a grassy hill . Ben get to he foot , stunne . realize he 's lose the document which ... ... roll into the path of ... a group of officer on horseback . we follow the declaration as it roll through the sea of hoof ... slamming ... down ... all ... around ... it ! it finally stop roll right in front of a british officer on horseback who try to calm he panicked horse . Ben charge into the stampede . int . corvette , moving - day 301 Ian see the Ben go for the declaration of independence , and he gun the corvette right toward Ben and the horse . ext . independence national historic park - day 302 the corvette 's engine scream . Ben dive one way . the horse rear back the other way , launching the british officer skyward . 302 303 304 305 306 National treasure , 4/9/03 98 . continued : 302 the corvette skid up between Ben and the declaration of Independence . the driver 's side door pop open , and Ian scoops up the declaration of Independence . int . corvette - day 303 Ian close he door and turn back to drive but be greet by abigail 's elbow , which she slam into he face . Ian 's nose crunch , spurt blood . piss off as all hell , Ian reel around with he gun ... ian you little bitc -- he go to shoot , but just then , the passenger side door pop open , and BEN pull abigail out the other side . ext . independence national historic park - day 304 Ben and abigail roll away from the corvette in the grass . int . corvette - day 305 Ian go to shoot they but be stop by ... shaw forget ‘em . look ! Ian look through the windshield to see dozen of feds sprinting onto the field of battle . Ian gun it . ext . independence national historic park - day 306 the corvette peel out . abigail watch it go . abigail he 's get the declaration ! BEN I know . the british Officer stagger to he foot . go to he horse , but the horse be ... . .. commandeered by Ben who leap into he horse 's saddle , whip it around to find he path be block by ... sadusky and a line of federal agent . gun draw . sadusky freeze , Gates ! Ben look the corvette which disappear into traffic . BEN you be let he get away ! 306 307 308 National treasure , 4/9/03 99 . continued : 306 sadusky get off the horse , and get on you knee ! the FBI agent move in as we pull up above the mayhem to ... a god' eye view of the feds swarm in on abigail and Ben who drop to he knee , defeat as we dissolve to ... close on the bifocal which sit_on top of a otherwise bare 307 metal table . we widen to reveal we be in ... int . FBI , interrogation room - day 308 Ben sit across from sadusky , Agents Johnson and daw , who finish the last dregs of she coffee from a styrofoam cup . agent daw they do not look like magic glass . BEN there 's nothing magic about it . it 's a ancient optical effect . the egyptian encode all they major art work with it . it 's believe human use to be able to see the 3d image with the naked eye , but the human eye evolve . sadusky evolved ? BEN in the Bible , the ocean be describe as be the " color of wine . " that 's because the human eye could not see the color blue back then . now , it can . Benjamin Franklin be a genius and inventor . he design this special lense and use this optical effect to hide the map on the back of the declaration of Independence . sadusky you sure you do not want a lawyer ? BEN have not you_ever wonder why all that symbol be on the back of we one - dollar bill ? the all - see Eye ? the pyramid ? we foundin father be freemason , descendant of the templar Knights who go all the way back to ancient Egypt . sadusky and he team all exchange dubious look , then ... National treasure , 4/9/03 100 . 308 continued : 308 sadusky anyone want more coffee ? no taker . sadusky move to go , but Ben stop he with ... BEN you do not shoot I . why ? sadusky what ? BEN on the car . you have a clear bead on I . why do not you take it ? sadusky because you do not fire into a crowd . BEN because you know there be something else go on here . sadusky study Ben . say nothing . BEN ( cont 'd ) let I get the declaration back . Ian howe can not find the treasure without the glass . I will cut a deal with he . tell he I will give he the treasure if he give we the declaration of Independence . sadusky why do not you just tell we what the map say , and we will go make the trade with Mr. howe ? BEN Ian 's too smart for that . sadusky consider that , nodd he head , then ... agent johnson you wanna know what I believe ? everyone look to agent Johnson . agent johnson ( cont 'd ) that you would do anything to get you hand on that treasure . that you and Ian howe make a deal . but once you get close to it , you both get greedy and you each decide you would et more of the treasure without he other . be I right ? before Ben can answer , a knock at the door interrupt . 308 National treasure , 4/9/03 101 . continued : ( 2 ) 308 sadusky open it to find Agents colfax and hendrick . sadusky you find howe ? colfax and hendrick exchange a solemn look , then ... agent colfax he just call . sadusky great . where -- agent hendrick -- with he ransom demand . he want Ben Gates . he 's request that we release he ... agent colfax ... and that no police or federal agent follow he . sadusky absolutely not . out of the question . agent colfax he say that if we do not comply | with he demand by midnight tonight , e'll ... agent colfax 's voice trail off . sadusky he will what ? agent hendrick he'll ... ( choke out the word ) ... cut off a piece of the declaration of Independence every hour and send it to we in a box . the agent be all horrify by the prospect . BEN he 's not bluff . agent Johnson lose it and charge Ben , grab he by the collar and throw he up against the wall . agent johnson you little prick . how do we know that you and howe do not plan this whole 's thing ?! BEN you do not . National treasure , 4/9/03 102. 308 continued : ( 3 ) 308 agent Johnson stare dagger at Ben who look to sadusky . BEN ( cont 'd ) but I be all you get . 309 int . FBI , bull pen - day 309 sadusky escort a handcuff Ben toward a glass wall conference room . Inside , agent huddle around agent hendrick who talk on the phone . hendrick see sadusky and poke he head out of the room . agent hendrick it 's howe ! he want to talk to Gates . 310 int . FBI , conference room - day 310 wearing handcuffs , Ben take the phone from agent hendrick . BEN ( into the phone ) hello , Ian . a long beat as Ben listen . a digital recorder record the conversation in the background while agent colfax monitor it on headphone . finally .... BEN ( cont 'd ) yes , I understand . with that , he hang up and look to sadusky . BEN ( cont 'd ) USS Intrepid . Port side . East River . he 's come in by chopper . sadusky New York ? BEN in three hour . agent daw we would better hurry . agent johnson he say anything else ? BEN no fed . no wire . or no deal . 311 ext . upper new york harbor - day 311 Islands cramme with high rise . 312 313 314 315 316 317 318 319 National treasure , 4/9/03 103 . ext . USS intrepid - day 312 retired combat aircraft sit idle on the deck . flag and pennant flap in the breeze . ext . harbor parking lot - day 313 a high - tech van sit in the parking lot . several antennas protrude from the van 's roof . int . FBI van - day 314 this surveillance vehicle be pack with equipment . shirt off , Ben be wire by sadusky 's team while sadusky watch . sitting at a computer bay , agent colfax wear headphone . agent colfax say something . BEN can I put my shirt back on ? agent colfax all right . he 's good . ext . harbor parking lot - day 315 Ben climb out of the van . turn back . BEN I need the bifocal . agent daw give they to he , and Ben pocket they . sadusky as soon as he show you the declaration , we will move in . do not try anything . ext . USS intrepid , bridge - day 316 Hidden here _is a FBI sniper . through he scope , we follow Ben as he climb the gangway and step onto the deck . ext . build rooftop - day 317 across the street , more feds watch and wait . agent hendrick search the sky with binocular for the chopper . ext . USS intrepid , deck - day 318 Ben cross the deck to the port side . ext . build rooftop - day 319 finally , agent hendrick see something in the distance . 319 320 321 322 323 324 325 326 National treasure , 4/9/03 continued : agent hendrick I get a visual . we see it now . a tiny speck in the sky . a chopper ? int . FBI van - day sadusky sit with Agents daw and colfax . agent daw think it 's howe ? sadusky lean into a microphone . sadusky get ready , Gates . ext . USS intrepid , deck - day 104 . 319 320 321 Ben move to the edge of the deck . nothing but river below . he check he watch , then ... BEN ( into he mic ) sadusky ? intercut sadusky in the van . sadusky ( into he mic ) yeah ? BEN ( via mic ) I want you to know that abigail have nothing to do with this . I know you believe I . intercut sadusky and daw , exchange worried look . agent daw what the hell be he talk about ?! sadusky shit ! he set we up ! intercut BEN on the deck . he jump ! a 60 - foot drop ... splash ! Ben knife into the East River . int . FBI van - day there 's a_loud pop ! as the wire on Ben 's body short out . agent colfax whip off he headset . agent colfax sonofabitch ! 322 323 324 325 326 327 328 329 330 331 332 National treasure , 4/9/03 105 . ext . harbor parking lot - day 327 Calling order into a radio , sadusky and daw jump out of the van and sprint across the parking lot . sadusky Gates jump ! he 's in the river ! move in ! move in ! ext . USS intrepid , bridge - day 328 the FBI sniper scramble , search the water below , can not see shit . the flight deck block he view . ext . east river - day 329 Ben surface a few foot from the hull . a beat , then bubble appear next to he and ... a _diver' head pop out of the water . the diver slip back he mask ... it 's riley . BEN ransom demand ? riley grin , affect a british accent . riley I rather like that part too . he hand Ben a tank , regulator , and set of fin . grin . BEN just like diving for that wreck off the coast of France . Ben jam the regulator into he mouth , and they disappear from the surface . ext . USS intrepid , deck - day 330 feds lean over the flight deck , search the murky water . ext . harbor - day 331 more feds scour the shore . no sign of Ben . int . FBI , holding cell - day 332 sadusky move purposefully down a line of hold cell , stop at one . Inside , sit abigail . sadusky we know you be not involved . you be free to go . abigail look at he , surprised . 333 334 National treasure , 4/9/03 106 . ext . trinity church - evening 333 on the corner of Wall Street and Broadway , this medieval gothic church be dwarf by modern skyscraper all around . int . trinity church - evening 334 we follow a man 's leg , walk up the aisle . he stop a pew . sit . we widen to reveal that it 's ian . BEN ( 0.s. ) you be late . we widen more to reveal BEN in the pew in front of Ian . ian I take a look around . wait . make sure you be not work with the FBI . BEN satisfied ? ian not until I get that treasure . BEN do you have the declaration of Independence ? ian if I give it to you now , how do I know you will not just walk off with it and forget about the treasure ? BEN how do I know you will give I the declaration of Independence after I show you where the treasure be ? ian I guess we be just go to have to trust each other . BEN that 's easy for you to say . I never try to kill you . ian come on , Ben . this be a treasure hunt . it 's just the way it be . I actually quite like you . if we be not such enemy , I do believe we would be great friend . BEN forget it , Ian . deal 's off . National treasure , 4/9/03 107 . 334 continued : 334 Ben stand and start down the aisle . Ian call after he ... * tan all right ! Ian pull out he cell phone . punch in a number . ian ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) bring it . BEN I want the pipe too . ian what pipe ? BEN the meerschaum pipe . from the Charlotte . I find it . you take it . Ian roll he eye , then talk into the phone ... ian and bring the bloody pipe . with that , Ian hang up . a beat , then the church door . open , and shaw enter with declaration of Independence in a mailing tube . Shaw approach and hand Ben the tube . he open it , verify that the declaration of Independence be inside , then hand it back . Ben then reach into he pocket and pull out the bifocal . Ian regards they , realize ... ian ( cont 'd ) the all see Eye . BEN ( excitedly ) we find they in the Independence Hall belfry . there really be a map on the back of the declaration of Independence . it 's the most fantastic thing you will ever see ! Ian be catch up in the moment . he reach for the bifocal , but Ben " accidentally " drop they . we watch as the bifocal fall to the floor in slo - mo and then land on the tile floor ... crack ! and if that be not bad enough , Ben finish they off by stomping on they with he shoe . .. crunch ! 334 335 336 National treasure , 4/9/03 108 . continued : ( 2 ) 334 the bifocal lie on the floor in a million crystal piece . BEN ( cont 'd ) whoops ! I guess you will just have to take my word for it . enrage , Ian lunge at Ben and tackle he to the church floor . parishioner crane they neck to see the commotion . Ian pin Ben and shove a gun into Ben 's stomach . ian I will kill you for that ! BEN you do , and the secret to the treasure die with I . Ian stare at Ben . know he 's not bluff . BEN ( cont 'd ) I give you the treasure ; you give I the declaration of Independence . ian that 's it ? BEN that 's it . Ian stand , then hold out he hand for ben. ian I guess that make we partner again . Ben ignore he . get to he foot . BEN oh yeah . and no gun . int . trinity church , foyer - night 335 the reverend enter the foyer just as Ben , Ian , and Shaw exit . the reverend move to the collection dish and find . .. two gun . he look around , where do this come from ? ext . trinity church - night 336 Ben , Ian , and Shaw exit the church , pass a old lady in a black shawl who reach out and grab ben' wrist ! startle , Ben look to the woman , realize it 's ... abigail . she push back she shroud . BEN what be you do here ?! 336 337 338 National treasure , 4/9/03 continued : abigail I see the map , remember ? Ben and Ian exchange a know look . ian bloody hell ! abigail do not worry . nobody follow I . int . plaza HOTEL lounge - night sadusky , agent daw , and agent johnson_enter . Agents hendrick and colfax 's stand outside the lady re room , tail between they leg . agent colfax she ask to go to the bathroom . agent hendrick she be only in there for 30 second . I swear . sadusky look around , move forward . sadusky all right . both Gates and Dr. chase come here , to Manhattan . what for ? agent johnson the treasure . agent hendrick there 's no way_any treasure 's still bury here . '' everything 's change , ground 's be dig up for subway and underground parking lot , high rise . sadusky so what in Manhattan have not change in over 200 year ? ext . trinity church graveyard - night worn tombstone and crypt go all the way back to the 17th century be enclose in this ancient chu old wringht iron fence . Ben , abigail , Ian , and Shaw come around the corner . ian normally I find graveyard rather depress , but in this case , I find it uplift and full of promise . where do we start ? rchyard by a 109 . 336 337 338 National treasure , 4/9/03 110 . 338 continued : 338 riley approach , carry a shovel . riley uh , bad news . there 's no " X . " BEN yes , there be . riley I have look all over . BEN you be not look right . ian Problem , partner ? BEN no . Ben and abigail look around . then , Ben look to the sky . BEN ( cont 'd ) in the map there be a crescent e moon int sky . abigail maybe the " X " can only be see at night . realizing , Ben start walk back toward the church . riley call after he . riley well , it 's night now , and I do not see it ! with that , Ben pull open the heavy church door , and ... light spill out of the chapel , cut a swath through the graveyard , casting eerie tombstone shadow everywhere . none of which look like a " X . " except maybe ... ben_move to where the shadow of a plant be cast onto the wall of a long stone crypt . Ben backtrack , follow the source of the shadow to ... a gravestone . cover in ivy . as Ben start pull away the ivy , Ian and the other approach . Ben clear the ivy , revealing the gravestone . we see now that a templar cross have be hewn out of the ancient stone . they all exchange know look . National treasure , 4/9/03 111 . 338 continued : ( 2 ) 338 riley ( cont 'd ) " xxx " mark the spot . ian here ? under this grave ? Ian grab riley 's shovel , go to start digging , but Ben stop he with ... BEN no. Ben point across the cemetery . BEN ( cont 'd ) there . they all follow he finger and finally see it . the " X " in the gravestone cast a giant shadow of a " X " on the side of the stone crypt . Ben smile . BEN ( cont 'd ) " xxx " mark the spot . he move to_ the crypt . the shadow fall in the direct center . riley laugh excitedly . riley can you believe that ? ian I will when I see the treasure . Ben kneel beside the wear crypt feel carefully along the surface as if read braille . he stop . dig out some soft dirt , revealing what look to be ... a SMALL keyhole . BEN Ian , give I the pipe . Shaw dig the pipe out of he pocket and hand it to Ben . abigail eye the pipe . abigail tty God , that 's a amazing piece ! what craftsmanship ! BEN I know . that 's why I hate this part . abigail what part ? Ben slam the pipe against the stone . it shatter , revealing a thin skeleto ey that be hide inside . 338 339 340 341 National treasure , 4/9/03 112 . continued : ( 3 ) 338 Ben scoops up the key and slip it into the key hole . a perfect fit . he look to the other who all stand by anxiously , then turn the key . suddenly , there be a loud scraping SOUND as a two - foot thick section of the crypt 's lid slide OPEN on a ancient pulley system . as it open we can see ... a narrow passage . barely wide enough for one person to squeeze through . a very dark . they all exchange a look . and can not help but smile at they sudden success . Ian look to riley . ian you first . riley no way . the guy who go first always get kill . abigail that 's silly . riley hey , I do not make the rule . there 's always a map with a " X , " and there 's always a trap . Maps and trap . that 's just what guy who hide treasure do . BEN I will go first . Ben flick on a flashlight and duck down inside . int . underground stairway - night 339 Old moss cover step descend at a steep angle into darkness . Ben wave he flashlight around . the passageway below take a sharp turn . he call up to the other . BEN look ok ! ext . trinity church graveyard - night 340 riley step down next , but dust then , the lid begin to rumble close ! Ian push abigail harshly aside . int . underground stairway - night 341 Ben hear the rumbling , look back , see Ian and Shaw come down the stair , push by riley . BEN where 's abigail ?! National treasure , 4/9/03 113. 341 continued : 341 Ben push by they and charge back to the stair to see that the crypt entrance be close ... close ... 342 ext . trinity church graveyard - night 342 abigail look to the crypt . it 's almost close . she scramble to she foot , lunge for the crypt , and ... tumble through the door ... 343 int . underground stairway - night 343 ... and roll right into Ben 's arm just as the crypt door seal behind she , inch from crush she . Ben hold she , they face almost touch . the chemistry ... electric . abigail how would I know if I hang out with you jong enough , I would eventually be robbing grave ? Ben grin , cocky . just then , riley poke he head into the stairwell , carry a lantern . riley you guy come down the creepy stairway or what ? 344 int . underground catacomb , passageway - night 344 Ben , abigail , and riley join Ian and Shaw , and they move down this long , stone - wall tunnel . ian I know you all think I be the " bad guy but be it not for I make he hard choice , we would not be here 's now , would we ? BEN if you do not want to be the " bad guy , " Ian , all you have to do be give I the declaration of Independence . ian even if I give it to you , you would not leave . you be too close . BEN try I . Ian study Ben for a beat , then ... ian sorry . I need you to find the treasure . National treasure , 4/9/03 114. 344 continued : 344 abigail hold she lantern up to the wall which be intermittently coffere with lion ' head , solar -cross , and snake . she look to Ben who explain ... BEN masonic symbol . abigail what do they mean ? BEN that we be get close . riley but watch out for the trap . because it 's come up . 345 int . underground catacomb , ossuary - night 345 Ben , abigail , riley , Ian , and shaw_enter this dark , dank dirt - wall room . they shine the light about , but there 's nothing here . ian Dead end . suddenly , a skeleton' torso fall out of the ceiling , right in front of riley 's face . he scream ! Ben shine he flashlight upwards to see ... hundred of grinning skull , half bury in the dirt ceiling , peer down at they . the remnant of uniform , boot , and rass button can be see . abigail hessian . ( off riley 's look ) german soldier who fight for the british during the Revolution . they be bury in a common grave . Shaw look up . just above he , there be a gun and flintlock powder horn in a dead soldier 's belt . ian there must be another outlet . something we miss . come on . they all turn to go , but Shaw hang back . he reach up to the gun and try to take it , but it 's stick . as Shaw yank harder , bit of dirt and dust rain down on he . suddenly ... a bayoneted rifle swing out of the ceiling like a pendulum attach to a skeleton 's arm , and ... 345 346 347 National treasure , 4/9/03 115 . continued : 345 ... stab shaw in the chest ! the group turn and see Shaw as he stagger back with the rifle stick in he chest . Ben go to help he , but Shaw crash into ... the dirt wall behind he which cave in under he weight . Shaw fall through the hole in e wall , scream a he way down . which sound like a long way down . the group rush to the hole in the wall and shine they light into it , revealing ... a deep , narrow shaft in the wall . in the shaft , there hang two heavy chain with weight attach . ian ( cont 'd ) well , that be fortunate , now be not 1t ? Ben reach into the shaft and adjust the weight on the chain . the chain creak as a ancient wooden BOX descend into view from higher in the shaft . Ben and abigail exchange a look . abigail it look like a elevator . Ben and riley pry open the door on the box , and a million rat and cockroach pour out from the elevator cab ! they all gulp , stare at the vermin . a beat , then ... riley I hate elevator . Ben step inside . the elevator creak and groans but hold . BEN come on . they all step in . more creaking . Ben adjust the weight again and the cab descend . ext./ int . trinity church , various - night 346 sadusky 's team sweep the church and surround grounds . ext . trinity church graveyard - night 347 sadusky be here , kneet in the dirt next to the crypt . he pick up a piece of the break meerschaum pipe and examine they . agent daw approach . agent daw get a positive id from the reverend . they be here . National treasure , 4/9/03 116 . 347 continued : 347 but sadusky be not jistening . he look to the crypt and notice that the edge of the stone have recently be disturb . the ivy overgrowth have also be tear away . agent daw ( cont 'd ) what be it ? sadusky try to lift the crypt 's stone lid to no avail . agent daw ( cont 'd ) there 's no move that . it 's get to weigh a ton . sadusky look at agent daw and realize she 's right . sadusky I want sonar here on the double . and bring in a jackhammer ! 348 int . underground elevator cage - night 348 all eye look around , warily as the cab descend creakily into depth unknown . deeper ... deeper still ... riley I just want to point we that there be no button on the panel . in fact , there be no panel . how 's this thing go to take we back up ? BEN it 's a one - way elevator . riley then , it 's not a elevator , be it ? because it do not elevate . suddenly , the cab stop . they have hit something . water rush in at they foot , fill the cab up to they ankle . riley and Ian pull open the wooden elevator door , and more water rush in ... 349 int . underground catacomb , antechamber - night 349 they shine they light into the room . the chamber be circular , and there be a stone platform in the center . | Three 14th century sword jut out of the stone platform in a crisscross formation . BEN templar sword . Ian move to the platform , follow by Ben and abigail . riley slog out last . he step something which crunch under he foot . riley look down to find ... 349 National treasure , 4/9/03 117 . continued : 349 ...@ skeleton . riley I know it . ( sing -song ) it 's a trap . riley start search the wall for a way out while Ian , Ben , and abigail study the sword . abigail what do they mean ? Ian reach for one of the sword . BEN Ian , I would not -- but Ian do anyway he pull out the center sword . we immediately hear the rushing SOUND of water . everyone look around . the sound be all around they . riley what 's that ? but Ian do not care . he just study the sword . riley continue feel the wall but can find no exit . riley ( cont 'd ) how're we suppose to get out of here ? BEN look at this . Ben shine he rient on_ the side of the platform to see a bas relief a snake CUT into piece carve into the stone . abigail immediately recognize the severe snake symbol . abigail " join or die . " riley I say we join . Ben kneel down to study a stone slot in a circular stone at a vertex of a triangle etched into the floor . BEN when we be at war with France , Ben Franklin draw a political cartoon of a snake cut into eight piece , represent the eight colony at the time . he cartoon call the colony to " join or die . " 349 National treasure , 4/9/03 118 . continued : ( 2 ) 349 the sound of the rush water intensify as Ben notice two more slot in the floor at the triangle 's other vertice . riley but what do that mean ? now , the sound of the rushing water build to a crescendo , and suddenly , water vomit into the chamber from several ancient drain in the wall near the ceiling . the force of the thunder cascade knock all of they off they foot , Ian drop he sword , but more importantly ... ... he drop the declaration of independence into the water ! Water also pour into the chamber from the elevator shaft . before anyone can react , the chamber be already fill up to they chest . abigail and Ben both see the declaration of Independence in its tube bob around in the churn water . Ben frantically swim to it , but it slip away ... just out of he reach . abigail I get it ! the tube float to abigail . she scoops it out of the water , then hold it over she head as the water swirl around she . the chamber be fill quickly and it 's now mostly dark except for the faint glow of he submerge flashlight . everyone claw at the wall , find no purchase in the smooth stone . Ben call over the din of the rush water . BEN listen ! we have to work together ! " join or die . " riley how ? ! BEN there be a triangle carve into the floor ! at each vertex , there isa slot ! we must get the sword , then each of we must stick they in the slot and turn the sword ! all of we , together ! riley regards Ben for a long beat , then ... riley be you out of you mind ?! Ben answer by disappear under the water 's surface . 349 350 351 352 353 354 355 356 357 358 National treasure , 4/9/03 119 . continued : ( 3 ) riley and abigail exchange a_look . then , riley look up . the flat stone ceiling be only a few foot overhead now . qhey oii soon be drown . riley take a deep breath , then ive own . underwater . Ben dive down to the platform . the two remain sword be still stick up out of it . he grab one . ri ey swim up behind he and grab the other . hey both then kick back toward the surface . in the chamber . Ben and riley resurface with the sword , gasp for breath . Ben hand Ian the sword . BEN find the slot ! at the triangle 's vertex . the stone wall suddenly groan under the ton of pressure . BEN ( cont 'd ) go! all three disappear underwater , leave abigail , hold the declaration up high , but the water be rise rapidly . ext . trinity church graveyard - night worker finally jackhammer through the crypt wall , and sadusky peer inside . int . underground catacomb , antechamber - night abigail still hold the declaration of Independence above she head , but there be less than a foot of space leave now . underwater . riley and Ian dive down , feel the floor , find edge of the triangle , and follow they . BEN also feel the floor , search for the sword ... in the chamber . only inch of space leave now . abigail press the declaration of Independence and she face against the ceiling in the cramped pocket of air . underwater . Ian follow he edge . find the vertex slot . shove he sword into it . turn it . riley find he vertex and do the same . BEN finally find the sword . in the chamber . abigail and the declaration of Independence be now completely submerge . there be no air pocket anymore . underwater . Ben find the third vertex , plunge the sword into the slot and ... .». turn it . 349 350 351 352 353 354 355 356 357 358 359 360 361 362 National treasure , 4/9/03 120 . on abigail . suddenly , the chamber ceiling rumble as the 359 heavy stone ceiling slab start sliding apart ! CUT to - pitch back . we hear the scraping SOUND of the 360 stone floor roll open . as it do , the faintest_ glimmer of light peek up from the submerge flashlight below . a beat , then abigail 's hand poke up through the crack in the floor , hold the declaration of Independence . she toss it aside onto the dry floor , then pull herself up through the open . Ian pull himself up through the floor next , then roll aside , gasp for air in a soggy heap . int . underground catacomb , ossuary - night 361 sadusky and he team sprint down the passageway and come to thes rave room . only now , the elevator shaft be completely the elevator chain disappear into a pool of water which spill into the ossuary . sadusky there 's get to be another way down . find it ! int . underground treasure chamber - night 362 the water gurgle up through the widen crack in the floor . abigail wait by it . a beat , then riley surface , cough . abigail where 's Ben ? Ian catch he breath , then peer into the darkness . in the near distance , we can see something ... glimmering . suddenly , the floor start rumbling close again . panicked , abigail call out ... abigail ( cont 'd ) Ben ! ben! Ian pick up the declaration of Independence which lie on the stone floor near he . just then , Ben come up gasp for air , choke on swallow water , but ... hold a flashlight . BEN ( between cough ) I think we might need this . the flashlight beam cut through the darkness . we catch glimpsis of pillar , statue , stone step ... 362 National treasure , 4/9/03 121. continued : 362 riley be that ...? the beam of light stop on something very shiny ... it 's a three - tiere bronze - gild altar . the very sight of it make abigail gasp . Ian stare at it , mesmerize ... ian " . , . a altar of bronze , twenty cubit long and twenty cubit wide ... " second Book of chronicle . Ian and Ben exchange know look . BEN stolen from the Temple of Solomon in the 5th century b.c . the group move to the altar where they find candle and torch . they quickly light they , then turn to see ... the treasure chamber . dozen of marble doric and corinthian column line the wall of the cavernous chamber fill with ancient treasure ... Crown jewel , gold and silver plate and chalice , gild cherubim , olivewood furniture , carriage , loot from the Oracle of delphi , and countless sacred artifact . abigail this be what it must have be like to find King tut 's tomb . riley do not say that . that guy be curse . Ian start move through the chamber , in awe of its treasure . but Ben do not move . he just stand there . BEN we will be take the declaration of Independence now , Ian . Ian find a chest , open it ... it 's fill with ancient Greek and Roman coin . ian oh come on , Ben . have some fun . Ian move past the chest , and riley can not help himself . he oes to it , stick he hand in it , and come up with a andful of coin . he laugh , incredulous . BEN a deal 's a deal , Ian . National treasure , 4/9/03 122 . 362 continued : ( 2 ) 362 but Ian be not listen . he 's find another ancient sword , only this one be different ... special . its silver handle be decorate with image of scythed | chariot engage in battle and the famous macedonian King . riley step up behind Ian . he see the sword . riley cool gothic sword . ian it 's not just any sword ... Ian pick it up . it 's heavy . weigh more than 30 pound . ian ( cont 'd ) ... it 's the sword of Alexander the great ... as Ian hold up_the sword , we notice that it almost glisten with a ethereal power . ian ( cont 'd ) ... it be use to conquer the world . without warning , Ian swing the sword backwards under he arm in a row motion and ... ... plunge it into riley's stomach ! riley stagger back , stunne . then , he collapse . shock and horrify , Ben and abigail rush to riley . he 's bleed . badly . BEN riley . oh , Jesus ... Ben take off he shirt . ball it up . press it on riley 's wound . abigail help Ben hold it there . riley look up to Ben . he know it 's bad . he grimace in agony . riley at least I be rich before I die . with that , Ian swing his_sword at Ben who just barely roll out of the way it time . the sword hit the stone floor with a loud clank , take out divot of stone . ian you could not just want the treasure now , could you , Ben ? Ian swing again , but Ben grab a bronze plate and block the blow . SPARKS fly as the plate shatter . National treasure , 4/9/03 123. 362 continued : ( 3 ) 362 ian ( cont 'd ) you could not just be reasonable and argue with I over share . I say , " how about 70 - 30 ? " and then you say , " how about 60 - 40 ? " and then I say , " what about 80 - 20 ? " Ben scramble to he foot , and Ian chase he . ian ( cont 'd ) no , you have to go and be all noble . he swing the sword at Ben again , but Ben dive behind a suit of armor which Ian smashes with he sword . Ben go down with the medieval suit which clatter to the ground . Ben shoulder - roll to he foot and come up with a sword of he own . they face off . en Guard ! they circle each other . ian ( cont 'd ) I do not trust honest man . Ian strike . Ben parry . they sword cross with a loud clank . they push off each other , and then the duel begin in earnest . actually , it 's more like two guy fight a bar fight with heavy sword . neither be train in fencing , but neither be about to give up first . they exchange blow in a exhaust Rob roy-esque_ sword tig to Ian attack . Ben parry and simultaneously deliver a brutal kick to Ian 's rib , staggering Ian . the declaration of Independence fall to the ground and roll away , down some stone step ... angere , Ian wind up . strike a vicious blow . Ben deflect it with he sword which break in half . the other half clank to the ground . on abigail . she 's apply pressure to riley 's wound . she see the declaration of Independence roll toward a slatted drain in the floor ... she_grab riley 's hand and put they on the now bloody , ball up shirt . abigail apply pressure . riley weakly hold onto the field dress as ... abigail hurry to the still roll declaration of Independence which be almost to the drain . 362 National treasure , 4/9/03 124 . continued : ( 4 ) 362 abigail dive for_it ... but just miss it . the declaration of Independence slip through the slat and disappear down the drain !!! on ian and BEN . Ian swing . _ Ben duck and dodge , but Ian 's sword catch piece of he . slice into Ben 's shoulder . and he chest . on abigail . she stick she hand into the drain ... inside the drain . the declaration of Independence be stick way down deep in the drain where the drain narrow . abigail 's hand reach down for the tube , but it 's ...just ... out ...of ... reach . on BEN and ian . bloodie , Ben hurl the break sword at Ian who deflect it and charge ben. Ben scramble over the treasure pile , improvise , grab whatever he can to parry Ian 's blow . a chalice ... clank ! a urn ... which shatter ! Ben grab a alabaster cherubim . he hold it up to deflect a blow , but notice that it 's just too beautiful to ruin . Ben set it back down , then dive behind a pillar just as ... Ian swing again , strike the pillar instead ... wham ! chunks of marble fly . Ian circle around the pillar , chase the wounded Ben with he sword . Ian swing , and Ben duck . this time , Ian 's sword get stuck in the pillar . as Ian try to extricate it ... Ben push a Greek limestone statue . but it 's heavy . it teeter ... finally tip . Ian turn aust in time to see the statue about to crush he . crash ! but it do not crush Ian . the statue instead crash into the pillar , leave just enough space to save Ian . Ian grab the sword , yank it out ... bad idea . the pillar give way , and the statue finish its fall , smash down on Ian . killing he instantly . and tear a hole in the stone wall behind he . Water gushes in from the hole . it 's the elevator shaft . as the water rush in , the whole treasure chamber begin to rumble . piece of the stone ceiling start to fall , crash down all around . Ben look to see abigail still struggle with the drain . 362 363 364 National treasure , 4/9/03 125 . continued : ( 5 ) 362 on abigail . she 's get she whole arm in the drain but she still can not reach the declaration of Independence . rock and debris rain down all around she . BEN ( 0.s. ) look out ! abigail pull she hand out of the drain . turn to see Ben hol ing the sword of Alexander up high . he swing it down , smashing the drain open . abigail quickly reach in and pull out the declaration of Independence . they hurry to riley . everything be shaking , fall apart . riley ( weakly ) the treasure room 's cave in . BEN we know . riley that always happen . Ben and abigail grab riley under he arms_and help he to the pillar that 's crash through the wall . the water have levele off in the shaft . int . underground catacomb , shaft - night 363 Ben and abigail peer into the shaft . the two chain disappear into the water below . BEN we have to get in the water . abigail ( to riley ) can you swim ? riley do I have a choice ? as everything in the treasure chamber collapse behind they , Ben push riley into the water and jump in after he . * abigail follow , then Ben swing the sword and cut one of * the chain . the elevator shoot out of the depth , catch Ben , abigail and riley and carry they up the shaft ! int . underground catacomb , ossuary - night 364 * the three roll off the roof of the charge elevator and spill out onto the ossuary floor as the elevator disappear up into the shaft with the sword . * 364 365 366 National treasure , 4/9/03 126. continued : abigail land on Ben . they regard each other . surprise to be alive . Dust and debris settle in the room . riley lie in the dirt , stare up at the hundred of grin skull look down on he . riley be we dead ? ext . trinity church graveyard - night sadusky , he team , and dozen of police be here . BEN ( 0.s. ) hey , can we get a little help over here ? sadusky turn to see Ben and abigail help riley out_of the crypt stairwell . in a instant , a swarm of federal agent and police be on they . ext . trinity church , broadway - night sadusky hand the declaration of Independence over to a armored transport , which pull away with a escort of a dozen police car . sadusky 's team , Ben , and abigail stand nearby with two emt who load riley onto a ambulance . emt ( to Ben ) he lose a lot of blood , but he 's go to be fine . now , sadusky approach . sadusky ok , guy let 's go . the federal agent all start to leave . Ben and abigail look at each other , confuse . BEN be not you go to arrest we ? sadusky what for ? you do something wrong ? Ben and abigail exchange a look like , no ...okay ...go ... bye ! sadusky grin at they , then head to he sedan . sadusky ( cont 'd ) you kid need a ride ? Ben and abigail smile at each other . 364 365 366 366 367 * National treasure , 4/9/03 127. continued : BEN no thanks . we will walk . sadusky all right . good night ! close on sadusky 's hand as he climb into he car . on he finger , we now see that he wear a silver masonic ring , just like the one Charles carro a oun ulaski wear . as sadusky drive away , Ben and abigail look back to the trinity Church graveyard . BEN too bad no one will ever know . abigail we will know . with that , she kiss Ben . a long , deep kiss . then , suddenly , Ben pull away . BEN just tell I one thing . do this kiss mean anything ? abigail consider that , then ... abigail only time will tell . with that , they kiss some more as_we pull back as the federal agent ali get in they car and leave ... dissolve to : int . national archive , rotunda - morning Ben , abigail , riley ( all better now ) , Ben 's dad Patrick , sadusky , he whole team , Dr. Herbert , woodruff , and all the National Archives guard stand proud , watch as ... the declaration of independence be raise back up in its display case to its wall exhibit . Dr. Herbert cross himself . thank god. woodruff shed a tear . Ben , abigail , and riley exchange cocky smile . Dr. Herbert check he watch . dr . herbert open time . and with that , the " ceremony " be over . everybody scatter , back to they regular routine . woodruff take one more look at the precious document , then shrug ... woodruff no one will ever know . 366 367 * 368 National treasure , 4/9/03 128. ext . national archive , NORTH foyer - morning 368 the guard open the front door , and museum patron and tourist start filing in . Ben and riley cross the traffic and head down the front step . it 's another beautiful day on Pennsylvania Avenue . riley take it all in ... and then sigh . riley so , any other family quest , treasure that you might know about , something else can waste seven year of my life with ? BEN nope . that be the only one . sadusky ( 0.s. ) Gates ! poole ! they turn to find the sadusky and he team approach . riley what now ? sadusky it seem that , well , the President 's be look for uh , something else fora very tong time , and he would very much appreciate you help in find it . Ben and riley look at each other and grin big as we start slowly pulling up for a overhead view of the National Archives ... riley I do not know , sadusky . how much he pay ? " Cause the last expedition go on be sort of a bust . sadusky how much do you want ? as they talk , we continue pulling up until we have a glorious , sky-high , panoramic view of we great nation 's Capital , and we .. fade out . the end.