" e.t . " commentary by Richard michael title : " e.t . - the extra -terrestial " [ the letter be in soft - purple against a black background . purple be traditionally the color of that which be sacred . ] ext : night sky : night the black screen become a night sky . the camera angle lower to show a forest against the night sky . ext : landing site : night in a open in the forest stand a spacecraft . the view of the craft be obscure by tree branch . the atmosphere be misty , with blue light come from the spacecraft . [ the open scene be misty and diffuse . this force the audience to pay close attention to the image on the screen . the character be not clearly see . this engage the audience , as they attempt to see what the alien really look like . ] one creature walk up the gang blank and into the ship . insert : alien hand a strange hand , with two long and slender finger protrude , move aside a branch that obstruct the view . [ this concentrate the audience 's attention . the creature go into the ship be be observe by another creature . who be they ? what 's go on ? this be another technique that force the audience to focus on the action . ] int : spacecraft greenhouse : night the inside of the ship appear to be a greenhouse . there be sound of water drip . Cone shape object ( possibly alien plant ) sit among earth plant . vapor flow up from the plant . [ this image all appear non-threatening . the alien be infer to be collect vegetation , and be thereby infer to be harmless . ] [ like many of spielberg 's other film , the open sequence contain almost no dialogue . the story be tell without verbal exposition . he force the audience to become engage in the storytelling process by give they just bit of information that they have to piece together into the story . he do not insult they intelligence . ] ext : spacecraft : night a group of the alien work in front of the spacecraft . suddenly , they hear a dog howl , and they all stop work . Red light begin to glow in they chest . it appear as if they heart have light up at the sign of danger , as the red glow seep through they translucent skin . after a moment the red light dim and they return to they work . [ this set up the prop of the red-light signify danger . this small creature be endear and non-threatening . they be like child , which be immediate grounds for audience empathy . the think that they may be in danger from wild creature in the forest , also create empathy for they . ] ext : forest : night a small fern grow on the forest floor . a alien hand , with two finger protrude , reach out for the fern . the alien groan . a rabbit turn and listen . the finger dig up the plant as the rabbit watch . the alien then carefully uproot the plant . a small wayward alien walk alone among the gigantic redwood tree . he 's dwarf by the huge tree . [ the awesome tower tree psychologically create audience empathy for the creature . the audience identify with he because they too feel small when confront by this tree . ] ext : hilltop : night the creature stand alone on a hilltop as he stare down at the city light below . suddenly he let out a moan of fright . a truck , with headlight glaring , pull up next to he . [ the quiet , peaceful alien be now in jeopardy . ] the creature run from the light . several other truck with head - light glaring drive up . smoke flow from they exhaust pipe . Men 's leg be see as they walk among the truck . they step into a mud puddle as E.T. watch from behind a shrub . a man with key jangling from he waist walk past a headlight . he carry a flashlight in he hand . [ key have now become a prop which identify the antagonist of the story : the faceless government agent . like the antagonist of many other fantasy film , he face be not initially reveal in order to hold the audience attention . ] the man with key walk to a truck where he and two other man review a map that 's place on the hood of the truck . the man with key hold the flashlight up and point it at the hood . e.t watch they from the bush . [ the fact that E.T. be observe the action of the man also create a psychological bond between the audience and he , since they be also observe this character . ] [ while the audience do not actually see a map , they presume its existence give the action of the character . this style of story tell engage the audience , and get they guess about the character ' action . they then create expectation , which be later often prove to be wrong . this make the story both unpredictable and exciting . ] ext : spaceship : night a alien stand in front of a round light and transmit a home signal , presumably to call the other alien back to the ship . [ this character be all in jeopardy . ] ext : forest : night when e.t hear the sound , he red heart light up . the home signal reverberate in he chest . [ this establish that he heart be use as a communication device , i.e. , this alien communicate with they heart . ] " key " hear this sound and quickly turn around . he point he flashlight towards the sound . the other man join he as they walk towards the sound . E.T. scream and run away , which be indicate by the shaking bush . the man with flashlight chase after he . [ so , like dorothy in the wizard of oz , the open scene have the protagonist be pursue by a unknown antagonist . ] ext : spacecraft : night the light dim on the footing of the spacecraft , presumably because the spacecraft be prepare to takeoff . [ the protagonist have the add jeopardy of be abandon . ] ext : forest : night E.T. scream as he race for the spacecraft . the glow from he red-heart reflect off the bush as he run towards the white light of the spacecraft . [ the audience still have not see the face of the protagonist . ] ext : spacecraft : night a lone alien stand before a large round white light , as he signal for the other alien to return to the ship . ext : forest : night Men with flashlight run through the forest , as they pursue the red glow light racing towards the spacecraft . one of the pursuer be the man wear the key on he waist . ext : spacecraft : night the grate gangplank lift up , block the entrance to the ship . behind the grate stand the alien against the large round white light . the red light of the alien heart light up as he stand behind the barrier . [ this image exhibit a obstacle to E.T. return to he ship . ] ext : forest : night the man reach the edge of the clear and stop as they watch the spacecraft lift off . one red light heart race along a old country fence towards the depart spacecraft . Men with flashlight be still in pursuit . they stop at a wooden gate as they watch the spacecraft fly away . E.T. , with face obstruct by a branch , and with red-heart aglow , watch the spacecraft fly away into the night . he utter a sorrowful moan . [ he have be abandon in a hostile alien world . this situation be guarantee to generate audience empathy . ] the man with flashlight point up towards the sky watch the space - craft fly away . they hear E.T. 's groan , and in unison point they flashlight in he direction . [ not only be the small childlike creature abandon , but he be still in jeopardy of be capture by that who pursue he . ] [ this be the incite event in E.T. 's story : he spacecraft have desert he . ] ext : hilltop : night below lie the city , light up against the dark night sky . e.t slowly make he way down the slope . Men with flashlight follow . they reach the hilltop , search the underbrush for the alien , then start down the slope after he . [ this conclude the prelude to the story . both the protagonist and antagonist have be introduce , and audience empathy have be establish for the protagonist . the protagonist 's primary objective be to survive and find a way home , while the antagonist 's primary objective be to capture the alien . ] ext : suburban house : night [ this be a establish shot . ] int : elliott's house : night a group of boy be sit around a table play a dungeon and dragon game . one boy be on the telephone order a pizza . they throw wad of paper at each other as they play . Elliott , the youngest boy , sit behind the counter . he 's separate from the other boy . after a few moment he yell that he 's ready to play the game . [ the character 's position be structure to emphasize Elliott 's separation from the other . ] one of the boy tell Elliott that he can not join when they be in the middle of the game . [ audience empathy be generate for the young child who be be exclude from the game . ] Elliott walk up to the table and yell at he brother , Mike . Michael say that Elliott have to ask Steve , who be the game master , and who have absolute power . [ the notion of " absolute power " be set up here , for a " payoff " later when Elliott use it to keep Michael silent about e.t . ] [ Elliott 's objective here be to play the game , but also to be accept by the group and gain the respect of the older boy . ] Steve tell Elliott that first he have to wait for the pizza , then when he bring it back he can play . Steve give he money for the pizza . Elliott pick up he baseball and glove , then leave the room . [ the ball and glove be prop that will be use in the story . ] [ Elliott 's sub-objective be to get the pizza . once this be accomplish , he will be able to play the game . ] ext : elliott's house : night it 's a rainy , misty night . Elliott , with ball and glove in hand wait at the bottom of the driveway for the pizza . a car pull up and park in the driveway . Elliott pay the driver , then take the pizza box from he as the car pull out of the driveway . Elliott walk up the driveway and into the garage . he hear a noise in the backyard , then call out the name " harvey , " presumably he dog name . int : elliott's house : night Elliott 's mother wear a orange outfit as she work in the kitchen . she bend over to put dish into the dishwasher . when she do this one of the young boy reach out to put he finger on she rear . Mike yell for he to stop . he pull he finger away . int : patio : night elliot walk past the ping pong table when he hear more noise in the backyard . again he call out the name " harvey . " [ this generate tension and suspense in the audience . ] with the pizza box in hand , elliot walk past the patio table and towards the shed in the backyard . a bright crescent moon hang in the night sky . [ this add enchantment to the scene . ] there be a mist in the air , and a bright light shine in the shed . Elliott place the pizza box on the ground as he approach the shed . he 's still carry the baseball and glove as he stand in front of the shed 's entrance . he toss the ball into the shed . after a few second the ball be toss back out at he and hit he on the foot . [ this be the payoff to the setup of the baseball prop . this event surprise both Elliott and the audience . ] Elliott become frighten , turn and step on the pizza box as he run towards the house . [ this be the incite event in Elliott 's story : there be some creature hide out in he shed that will change he whole life . ] int : elliott's house : night Elliott 's mother be talk to the boy when Elliott run into the house scream that there 's something in the tool shed . he tell they that it throw a ball at he , but they continue to ignore he until he scream " quiet ! " " nobody go out there , " say Elliott . the boy immediately jump up from the table . two boy grab kitchen knife as Michael tell he mother to stay inside . he and he friend will check it out . she yell at they to put the knife back as she follow they outside . ext : shed : night the light be still on in the shed . ext : patio : night Elliott 's mother walk into the yard with a flashlight in she hand . she be surround by the boy as they approach the shed . the mother say that there 's nothing in there as Michael walk through the entrance . Michael bend down and find track on the dirt floor . " the coyote 's come back again , ma. " he say . his mother become frighten and order they all back into the house . [ Jeopardy be introduce into the situation . even though the audience know that it be probably the alien in the shed , the scene increase the tension . ] on he way back to the house , Michael see the pizza box . he bend down , open the box , then take out a piece . he 's angry at Elliott . Elliott try to explain that it be just a accident , but he brother be still angry . when the mother ask who order the pizza , Elliott point to one of Mike 's friend . this make the friend mad at Elliott . elliot try to persuade he mother that there be a creature in the shed , but she do not believe he . they walk into the house . [ empathy be generate for Elliott because the two boy be unfairly angry at he and he mother do not believe he . ] int : shed : night the alien 's finger point out into the shed entrance , then wrap around the side of the door . the sound of he heavy breathe be hear . [ this establish for the audience that he really be in the shed . they feel sorry for Elliott because he be tell the truth and no one believe he . ] int : elliott's bedroom : night the clock on the end table indicate 2:00 . next to the clock be a picture of a dog , presumably harvey . this same dog lie asleep in the bed . he hear a noise and pick up he head . he be in the lower half of a bunk bed . on the top bunk sit Elliott . he be awake as he listen to the noise outside . [ Elliott 's objective be to prove there 's a creature in the shed . ] ext : backyard : night Elliott open a gate and walk into the backyard . he carry a flashlight in he hand and shine it into the cornfield next to he house . he walk into the field . ext : cornfield : night Elliott walk into the cornfield . he whistle , and get entangle in the cornstalk as he walk . he see track in the dirt with he baseball nearby . he continue to walk through the field . [ the stalk be obstacle that obstruct both he path and he vision . it also clutter the visual and force the audience to pay closer attention . the suspense increase because they be not sure whether he will meet up with the alien or the coyote . ] Elliott push aside some stalk and shine the light into the face of E.T. together , in unison , the scream . elliot drop he light , then continue to scream as he look around the field . E.T. cry out and run away through the cornfield . [ they reaction upon see each other be identical . this be the first instance of a series of situation which will " merge " they character to such a extent that whatever empathy the audience have for one they will also have for the other . ] ext : backyard : night Elliott run into he backyard . his play swing sway back and forth in the air , as if someone have just bump into they . two garbage pail fall over near a open metal gate at the top of a stone stairway . the garbage roll out of the can and down the stone stair . a red light by the gate light the stone stairway . [ the audience psychologically associate this red light with E.T. 's red light heart , and make the inference that he have run up the staircase and out the gate . ] Elliott have a expression of wonderment and gratification on he face as he look up the staircase , for he have just establish the existence of the creature in the shed . ] ext : garage : day Elliott ride down the driveway on he bicycle . he next ride down a dirt road that overlook the suburban community . [ Elliott 's new objective be to locate the creature . ] ext : forest road : day Elliott hold a bag of candy in one hand as he pour some into the other hand . he toss candy onto the round as he walk through the wood call out for the creature . in another part of the wood Elliott lay he bike down , then continue to toss candy and yell out " hello ! " he see a man on the road below and quickly hide behind a tree . [ " key , " the faceless antagonist , be still pursue the alien . ] Elliott run back to he bike , then ride down the forest road past a wire fence . the alien 's finger side down the side to the tree . he be watch Elliott . [ Elliott be in jeopardy both from the faceless man and the faceless alien . ] int : elliott's house : day Elliott 's mother sit at the tale with the dog , harvey , at she side . Elliott , Michael and gertie be eat supper . [ this be a home without a father , which create more empathy for the protagonist . ] gertie ask Elliott what he 's go as for Halloween . he 's depressed , and reply that he 's not go . Mike mock he by suggest that he go as a goblin . Elliott snap back , tell Mike to shut up . the mother try to explain that it 's not that they do not believe he , but Elliott cry out that the creature be real . [ the audience also know that the creature be real . this generate more empathy for the protagonist , because he be mock and not believe when he be express the truth . ] Mike offer other suggestion : perhaps it be a iguana , a deform child , or maybe a elf or a leprechaun . Elliott get angry and shout " it be nothing like that , penis breath . " Mary , he mother shout at he to sit down . Elliott respond with " dad would believe I . " Mary reply " maybe you ought to call you father and tell he about it . " " I can not . he 's in Mexico with Sally " say Elliott . both Mary and Mike be upset , while gertie ask " where 's Mexico ? " Mary excuse herself and leave the table . she walk to the window as Mike tell Elliott that he 's go to kill he . " if you ever see it again , do not touch it . just call I and we will have someone come and take it away , " say Mary . " like the dog catcher ? " say gertie . " but they will give it a lobotomy , or do experiment on it or something , " say Elliott . [ this set up the audience 's expectation about the harm that will befall the alien when he be capture . ] after a bit of dialogue concern who should be do the dish , Mary leave the room say " he hate Mexico . " [ this scene explore the emotional relationship between the family member in great detail . empathy be also generate for Mary who be abandon by she husband . she be leave with the responsibility of raise the child while he 's travel with he new girlfriend to Mexico , a country which he hate . ] Elliott take some dish to the sink , turn on the faucet and gaze out the kitchen window as water steam up from the sink . ext : backyard : night a crescent moon float in the sky . a bright light be on in the shed . in front of the shed Elliott lie inside a sleep bag on a fold chair with a flashlight in he hand . he hear the sound of foot walk in the underbrush . Elliott sit up to see the alien stand in front of the shed . the alien groan as Elliott freeze from fear in he chair . he try to call out for he mother , but can not get the word out of he mouth . he next try to call Mike , but fear make he choke on he word . the alien approach Elliott . the bright light from the shed make it impossible to see he face : only the outline of he form be visible . the alien walk right up to the edge of the lawn chair . [ the scene be fill with suspense because Elliott may be in jeopardy from the creature . ] the alien slowly move its hand over the chair , then drop candy onto the blanket . Elliott relax . [ this non-verbal gesture by E.T. demonstrate that he be harmless . the tension in the scene be thereby release . Elliott have achieve he objective : he establish contact with the alien . ] int : elliott's house : night Elliott place candy on the carpet , then walk backwards down the hallway towards he room . E.T. walk up the stair and reach out for the candy , which he then take into he hand and eat . [ Elliott 's new objective be to get the alien into he room . his main obstacle be to somehow persuade the alien to come into the house , while not waking he family . ] [ this scene also be a good example of how to structure a scene 's beginning . in real life , the scene would have start in the backyard , track through the kitchen , the live room and then up the stair . but since all of that information would have be redundant , pick the action up from the top of the stair be sufficient . ] int : elliott's room : night Elliott place candy on the floor by the entrance to he room . a sign on he door contain the word " enter . " e.t pick up the candy . Elliott have run out of candy . he go to he desk in search for more . he open some drawer , but do not find any . when he return to the doorway , E.T. have already enter the room . E.T. pull a box down from the table , then knock a can fill with pen onto the floor . this make a loud noise , and force Elliott to quickly close the door to he room . [ the audience still do not have a clear view of E.T. 's face nor body . this hold they attention during the scene . they be wait for that wonderful moment . ] Elliott throw a blanket over E.T. as they stare at each other . E.T. be finally reveal to the audience . Elliott move he hand in front of he face , a gesture indicate bewilderment . E.T. mimic this action . [ this be the beginning of they effort to communicate , but also the start of the audience emotionally identify the two character as one object of empathy . ] Elliott place he finger to he lip to see if E.T. will respond in the same manner , which he do . Elliott then place one finger to he ear , which E.T. also mimic . Elliott smile , then hold he leave hand up with all five finger spread apart . E.T. raise he leave hand with three finger spread apart . Elliott close he finger until there be only one remain up . E.T. do the same . they both wiggle this one finger . a poster on the wall between Elliott and E.T. have the word " superstar " print on it . [ this action help the audience to conceive of this two character as " mirror image " of one another , worthy of equal empathy . it also bond the young child in the audience to they , because the character be speak in a language they too can understand . all the child in the audience have just be through the experience of learn a language . they can easily identify with the problem that that two character in the story be have in communicate with each other . this forges a bond between the child and both Elliott and e.t . this also form the basis for the repeat view of this film which be essential for its phenomenal box - office success . ] suddenly , Elliott become tired and yawn , then sway as if in a trance . he slowly walk backwards and sit down in a chair . Elliott seem asleep as the camera move up for a closeup of Elliott 's face . [ presumably , E.T. have use he telepathic power to place Elliott into a trance in order to merge they mind and feeling . ] [ this be the end of the first act . Elliott have succeed in gain possession of the dramatic objective E.T. ) , and have he in he room . but E.T. have also take possession of Elliott by merge they feeling , so that they both become one protagonist . the second act will end when they be both capture by the antagonist . ] ext : forest : day mist envelop the fence and gate in the section of the forest where e.t originally land . Men with flashlight and floodlight search throughout the area . " key " walk into the forefront , hold a flashlight in he hand . he bend to the ground and find some candy . [ the objective of the faceless antagonist be to capture the alien . the candy be a prop that will lead they to Elliott 's house just as Elliott use they to lead E.T. into he room . this scene show that the protagonist be in jeopardy , because he be still be pursue . ] int : elliott's room : day Elliott lie in bed with a thermometer in he mouth . his head rest on a orange pillow ( same color as he mother 's dress in the first scene ) while he mother sit besides he . she take out the thermometer , read it , then say " okay , you be hot . " she then leave the room . Elliott quickly swing a lamp back over he head and heat the thermometer . he also place a blue heating pad over he face , to heat himself . he then place the thermometer back into he mouth , swing the lamp away , and place the heating pad under the cover as he mother enter the room . she open he closet and separate the hang clothes as she walk into the closet . Elliott sit up in bed and intensely watch she . [ Elliott 's objective be to stay home from school in order to be with E.T. his obstacle be he mother , who want he to go to school . to overcome this obstacle he must persuade she that he 's sick . a crisis occur when she enter the closet in which E.T. be hide . this create jeopardy for the protagonist . ] ext : driveway : day Mike back the car down the driveway . intercut : elliott's room Mary walk out of the closet carry a blue sleep bag . Elliott be tense , then relieved , once he realize that she do not find e.t . he fall back into bed . intercut : driveway Mike back the car over part of the lawn . [ this scene function not only as comic relief , but also as a set up for the scene here Mike have to drive the van during E.T. 's escape sequence . this demonstrate both he incompetence , and that he be only allow to drive the car backwards down the driveway . ] intercut : elliott's room Mary cover Elliott with the blue sleep bag as Elliott put the thermometer back into he mouth ( first backwards , then he correct it ) . [ humor be generate because the audience know that he be fool he mother . ] intercut : driveway Mike continue to back the car down the driveway . he overshoot the edge and go out into the street . he then pull forward across the sidewalk . intercut : elliott's room " you be outside wait for that thing ? " say Mary . Elliott nod . [ Elliott be cover in blue-white color , which traditionally signify innocence , and which generate audience empathy for he . ] she tell he not to watch tv , kiss he , then leave the room . Elliott quickly close the blind . ext : driveway : day Mary run down the driveway towards the car . gertie point out the patch of lawn that Mike pull onto the driveway as he be drive the car . Mary pull she into the car . int : elliott's room : day Elliott gesture for E.T. to walk out of the closet , which he do . he be wear Elliott 's robe . Elliott ask he if he talk . [ Elliott 's objective be to communicate with E.T. , he obstacle be that E.T. do not speak the English language . ] " I human . boy. Elliott , Elliott , Elliott " say Elliott . E.T. turn away and walk towards the work table . Elliott pick up object , such as a can of coke and toy soldier , from the table then name they for E.T. Elliott point to the fish and explain how the fish eat the fish food . he place a wooden toy shark into the fishbowl , then state that the shark eat the fish but nobody eat the shark . [ in he effort to communicate with E.T. , Elliott try to teach he the language by show he object that be use in everyday life . this process be similar to that experience by the child and parent in the audience everyday as they also learn and attempt to communicate with each other . this type of scene solidify the audience 's emotional bond with Elliott and e.t . ] E.T. take a toy car into he mouth on chew on it . [ like many a child would . ] Elliott take this to mean that E.T. be hungry . Elliott tell E.T. to stay where he be . [ Elliott 's new objective be to get food for E.T. and himself . ] Elliott open the door and harvey try to run into the room . E.T. groan with fear and back into a corner as Elliott pull harvey out of the room . [ this introduce jeopardy into the scene , for harvey could harm e.t . ] int : kitchen : day Elliott , dress only in white underwear , open the refrigerator door and take out some food . intercut : elliott's room E.T. walk around the room . intercut : kitchen Elliott open up a jar of peanut butter . intercut : elliott's room E.T. touch a tennis racket . intercut : kitchen Elliott pick up cheese and tomato . intercut : elliott's room E.T. pick up a umbrella . intercut : kitchen Elliott take a carton of milk out of the refrigerator . intercut : elliott's room E.T. accidentally open up the umbrella . intercut : kitchen Elliott scream with fright and drop the milk carton onto the floor . intercut : elliott's room E.T. scream with fright , drop the umbrella , then run into the closet . [ this further establish the merge of E.T. and Elliott into one be . Elliott share E.T. 's feeling and simultaneously experience what he experience . the audience also experience this surprise with they , which further tighten the bond . ] milk flow from the open carton onto the floor , as Elliott lean into the open refrigerator . he clutches he chest and look up towards the ceiling as he ponder he experience . int : elliott's room : day Elliott carry a plate of food into the room . he walk past the open umbrella and look into the closet . stuff animal line the back of the closet wall . E.T. push the animal forward . he be hide behind they . he be still shaking from the fright experience . " be you okay ? too much excitement , huh ? you want a coke ? " [ this be the resolution of the last scene sequence . we see both character ' reaction to the event that have occur . ] ext : driveway : day Michael run up the driveway towards he house . he 's wear a red football blazer . int : elliott's house : day Michael open the front door and run into the house . he take off he red shirt to reveal the blue shirt he 's wear underneath . he pick up a magazine then open the refrigerator . " nothing but health shit , " he say , as he take out a can and shake it . [ the audience tense up because jeopardy have just be introduce into the story . they wonder what will happen when Mike discover E.T. in Elliott 's bedroom . ] int : elliott's room : day Elliott walk away from he closet and open the door to he room . he tell Mike to come in . both boy be dress in blue and white color . Mike call Elliott a faker , then start to tell he about score on a asteroid game , when Elliott interrupt , to tell he about the goblin . Michael make fun of Elliott and he belief that the goblin have return . but Elliott persist , and make Mike promise to give Elliott " absolute power . " [ this be the payoff to the " absolute power " concept as set up during the dungeon and dragon scene . ] [ Elliott 's objective be to vindicate himself to he brother and sister by prove that " the goblin-e.t. " really do exist . ] ellott make Mike close he eye , then he retrieve E.T. from the closet and lead he to the center of the room . Mike have a silly grin on he face as he open he eye and turn around to look at E.T. a sicken look of terror come over he face . suddenly gertie open the door and walk into the room with she doll under she arm , say " Elliott , look what I make for you . " E.T. see she then stretch he neck to raise he head high . gertie walk right up to he and scream . E.T. scream back at she . Elliott scream for both of they to stop . Mike fall back against the wall and knock down the bookcase . they all scream together . Elliott grab gertie 's mouth and push she back to Mike . " kid , I be home , " shout Mary from downstairs . [ Jeopardy ! the mother , a adult , be about to discover E.T. even though they be terrify , the child all band together against the threat . they would rather sit in the closet with the " monster " than have they mother discover he . ] Mike quickly shut the door , then they all run to the closet . gertie scream again . Mike grab she by the mouth and pull she away as E.T. run across the room with he arm raise . Elliott shut the closet door just as he mother walk into he room . Mary notice the fall bookcase . she look around and then comment , " this be no room , this be a accident . " elliot try to cover by say he be " reorganize . " int : closet : day E.T. 's head appear among the stuff animal . Mike have he hand over gertie 's mouth as she try to scream . Mary walk past the closet door . [ this create suspense in the audience : will E.T. be discover by Mary ? ] Mary ask elliot to keep a eye on gertie while she take a shower . she kiss he on the head then leave the room . Elliott open the closet door . Michael , in awe with mouth open wide , watch as Elliott approach e.t . " Elliott , " whisper Mike . " I be keep he , " say Elliott . E.T. sit behind the stuff animal as if he be one of they . [ the use of stuff animal as prop around e.t help to transfer positive feeling that the audience have for they to e.t . ] gertie ask what it be as she and Michael approach E.T. Elliott tell she that it will not hurt she . when ask if it 's a boy or girl , Elliott reply that it 's a boy . he then tell she that she can not tell Mom about the creature . when ask why not , he explain that " grownup can not see he . only little kid can see he . " gertie snap back , " give I a break . " [ the charm in gertie 's character lie in the contradictory attribute of be a sophisticated child . humor be generate by this incongruity . ] Elliott then go into he dracula voice : " then do you know what will happen if you do tell ? " he grab gertie 's doll , toss it to Mike and tell he to " do it !. " Mike " torture " the doll by twist its arm . gertie cry as she run to it . E.T. watch the scene with wonderment in he eye . gertie finally promise not to tell about e.t . they all watch he as he stretch he neck and lift up he head . ext : community : day on the hilltop overlook the neighborhood stand a man with a camera as he take photo of the house below . the man with key on he waist walk into the area , as other man comb the ground with electronic equipment . [ Jeopardy be introduce in the scene in order to maintain tension in the audience . the antagonist be get closer to the home of the protagonist . ] ext : elliott`s house : night [ this be a establish shot . ] int : elliott`s house : night Mary , carry a yellow water pail , walk across the room and water a large plant . gertie pull a little red wagon into the hallway . when ask by Mary what she 's do , gertie reply that she 's go to play in Elliott 's room . " okay , do not let they torture you , " say the mother . " I will not , Mary , " reply gertie . [ this generate humor because the child deal with the mother as if they be equal . ] gertie pick up a pot contain a sickly geranium plant and place it into the wagon . the phone ring and Mary answer it off screen . [ the plant become a important prop because in the story it will represent the health and well - be of e.t . ] int : elliott's room : night gertie knock on the door . Mike let she and harvey into the room . they walk to the table where E.T. and Elliott be sit . gertie put the sickly plant n the table . E.T. put he finger into the plant . Elliott open up a encyclopedia and point to California on a map of the United States . " we be here , " Elliott say as E.T. munch on celery . Michael hand Elliott a globe and tell he to use this instead of the map . Elliott point to the globe , then ask E.T. where he 's from . E.T. point out the window . [ Elliott 's objective be to discover more about the alien . ] Elliott open the book to a page that have the map of a galaxy . he point to the planet earth , touch the globe , then say " home , home . " E.T. make a soft noise that sound similar to the word " home . " gertie watch he as he pick up round object and place they on the map : three small piece of fruit and two egg . E.T. 's eye concentrate on the table , which then start to shake . the two egg and three small piece of fruit then lift off the table and float in the air . the child watch with awe . [ this introduction of " magical " power that E.T. possess be unexpected and thereby help to make the story unpredictable . ] Elliott scream with fright and the float object drop to the floor . he walk to a lamp and stare into it . Mike ask what be wrong . " I do not know . something scary , " say Elliott as E.T. place he finger on Elliott 's shoulder . [ Jeopardy be introduce into the scene with this comment . yet it be not E.T. who be to be fear , as indicate by he comforting gesture of place he finger on Elliott 's shoulder . ] ext : backyard : night Elliott run by the shed , past a sway swing , up the stair to the red lamppost and to the wire gate . he strain to hear the sound of man talk . [ the antagonist be get closer to the home of the protagonist . ] int : elliott's room : night E.T. sit next to a lamp as he read a child 's ABC book . he sit next to a raggedy Ann doll . ] [ another image of E.T. learn the language which help to forge a bond between he and child in the audience . good feeling for the doll be also transfer to the alien . ] on the floor next to E.T. be the pot contain the sickly flower . he look at the flower , make a moan sound , and suddenly they become healthy and transform into full bloom . [ this establish the magical heal power of E.T. ] ext : elliott's house : day Elliott and Mike walk down the driveway . they be on they way to school . they discuss E.T. , argue about how smart he be . [ this be just a transition scene . ] ext : STREET : day Mike and elliot walk towards a bus stop where a group of child be wait . Mike 's friend torment Elliott about he " goblin . " [ this generate more audience empathy for Elliott , who be unfairly mock by the ignorant boy . Elliott still have not earn the respect of Mike 's friend , which be one of he dream . ] they finally get on the bus as Elliott walk away , follow by a pretty blonde girl who seem to have a crush on he . Michael appear worried as he sit on the bus among the other child who be throw - ing object at each other . int : elliott's house : day gertie stand on the stairway look up , presumably think about E.T. in Elliott 's room . Mary come run downstairs and tell gertie that they have to get into the car , otherwise they will be late . suddenly , Mary hear a noise upstairs . she go up to see what cause the sound . [ Jeopardy : E.T. be in danger of be discover by a adult . the audience 's expectation be shape in the earlier dinner scene , where Mary tell the child she would call to have the creature take away if he come around the house again . this be what the audience expect she to do if she find e.t . ] int : elliott's bedroom : day Mary walk into the closet and look around . the camera pan across the large face of all the stuff doll : raggedy Ann , a bear , a monkey , E.T. 's face , a lion , etc . Mary do not notice E.T. , then close the closet door and leave . [ humor be generate because of the incongruity of a live creature among the doll , and the inability of Mary to distinguish between they . the laughter release the tension that be create in the previous scene . this also reinforce the audience 's emotional tie to E.T. , since he be so " doll -like . " ] int : school : day a teacher walk down the aisle and announce to the class that today they will perform the frog dissection for which they have be prepare . as he pass Elliott 's desk , he start to say " frog similar to , " then he notice the draw of e.t . the teacher pick it up . Elliott turn to see the pretty blonde girl stare at he . realizing she 's be catch , she quickly turn and look away . [ this attraction to Elliott be set up in order to payoff before the end of the school sequence . ] int : elliott's room : day E.T. open the door to Elliott 's room and walk out into the hallway . harvey see and quickly approach . [ Jeopardy : will the dog attack e.t .? at there last encounter E.T. be frighten by harvey . ] intercut : classroom the teacher continue he instruction , tell the student that the scalpel be very sharp , and that they should use discretion when cut . there should be very little blood , and maybe a little body fluid . [ this exposition of the plan set up the audience 's expectation , which later will not be fulfil . this be a standard structure use to generate excitement and unpredictability in a story . ] int : kitchen : day E.T. , wear a blue-flannel shirt , walk into the kitchen with harvey at he side . he open the refrigerator . harvey lick he lip as he watch in anticipation of get something to eat . E.T. take out a plastic container of potato salad , open it , then stick he tongue into the salad . he hate the taste and throw it onto the floor . harvey lick it up . E.T. then pick up a can of beer and drink it as harvey bark . intercut : school Elliott sit at he desk as he listen to the teacher speak . Elliott burp . all the child in the classroom stare at he . [ this again show the merge of Elliott and e.t . ] intercut : kitchen E.T. , drunk , wobble across the kitchen floor and walk into a counter . intercut : school Elliott place he finger to he head . he be also become drunk . the teacher tell the class that in this bisection they should locate the heart and notice that it be still beat . [ the red-lit heart be the most prominent feature of E.T. have the teacher focus on the frog 's heart start the identification in the audience 's mind of the frog and e.t . ] intercut : kitchen E.T. turn and walk into another wall as harvey continue to eat the potato salad on the floor . intercut : school Elliott , now drunk , slide down in he chair . intercut : kitchen E.T. turn , walk , then collapse head first onto the floor . intercut : school Elliott slide under he desk and fall onto the floor . the teacher do not hear this because at that moment he pull down a wall hang which contain picture of a frog 's anatomy . intercut : kitchen E.T. open another can of beer . intercut : school Elliott pull himself up off the floor with a drunken smile on he face . intercut : kitchen E.T. gulp down another can of beer . intercut : school Elliott , drunk , sit at he desk . he turn and smile at the pretty blonde girl across the aisle . she turn away from he with disgust . intercut : live room E.T. play on the key of a voice generate language game . he next press a button on a remote control which activate the tv set . a cartoon appear with a cat get its tail catch on fire . the cat scream and e.t react with horror . he throw the beer can at the tv set . [ laughter be generate , for while this under normal circumstance would be inappropriate behavior , he make sense give E.T. 's point of view . ] he then press another button on the remote , and the image of a fly plane appear on the screen . a spaceship next appear , and pull the plane up towards it . intercut : school the teacher carry a jar of cotton ball soak in chloroform , which he drop into the jar contain frog . he tell the child to immediately put the lid on the jar . after tell the child that this will not hurt the frog , he place a cotton ball into the last two jar , one of which belong to Elliott . Elliott do not place the cover on he jar , but instead sadly watch as the frog try to escape . slowly he place to lid on it , as he gaze at the frog . " say hi . can you talk ? can you talk ? can you say hi ? " say Elliott . [ Elliott be make a emotional identification of the frog with E.T. by attempt the same process of communication . the situation also create expectation in the audience that similar thing will happen to E.T. once he be capture . ] closeup : frog's face closeup : e.t.' face [ a cinematic technique which reinforce the identification of the frog with e.t . this set up the audience for E.T. 's operation . they expect the frog to die , and they project this expectation to E.T. later in the story . ] intercut : live room E.T. have a hangover as he hiccup and put he hand on he head . he then pick up the cartoon section of a newspaper . one cartoon strip have a picture of a communication device with a caption state " help , help . " on the tv monitor a woman be talk long distance n she telephone to she uncle Ralph in California . E.T. hear the sound come from the tv , then turn to look at the monitor , where he see a man talk into a phone in he hand . the camera pan to a phone near e.t . a child in the tv program pick up the phone , say hello to he uncle , then hang up . [ this generate laughter because it 's inappropriate behavior to just say hello , then hang up . ] E.T. look closer at the Buck Rogers cartoon . one cell have a image of a man in a spacesuit set up a transmitter . the next cell have he say " it work " as the communication device transmit " help , help ! " E.T. lift up he head from the newspaper . intercut : school " save he " shout Elliott . Elliott pick up he jar , unscrew the top , then let out he frog , scream " run for you life . back to the forest ! run ! " [ another merge of E.T. and Elliott 's feeling and thought . E.T. presumably have the feel of want to be save by he friend , and this feel prompt Elliott to cry out . ] he next open the jar of the girl besides he . Elliott struggle with one student , then proceed to turn over many of the other jar as he frees the frog . some of the other child also free they frog . intercut : livingroom E.T. study the electronic circuitry of the language game . suddenly John Wayne come on the screen . E.T. be fascinate with he image . it 's a scene from the movie " quiet man . " Maureen o'sullivan huddle in a corner of the room . intercut : school a pile of frog gather at the foot of a terrify little girl with blonde braid . Elliott , drunk , stagger by she . intercut : livingroom E.T. continue to watch the tv monitor as the woman in the movie scream . intercut : school a blonde girl who have a crush on Elliott scream when a frog be place on she shoe . intercut : livingroom the woman in the movie run out the door . John Wayne grab hold of she arm . intercut : school Elliott grab hold of the blonde girl as she run out the door . intercut : livingroom John Wayne pull the woman back . intercut : school Elliott pull the blonde girl back . intercut : livingroom John Wayne take the woman into he arm . intercut : school Elliott take the blonde girl into he arm . intercut : livingroom John Wayne kiss the woman . intercut : school Elliott , too short to kiss she , stand on the back of a student who be crawl on the floor after a frog . Elliott kiss the girl . intercut : livingroom E.T. , fill with fascination , watch the tv monitor . intercut : school the child 's hand poke through the window and free the frog by throw they out onto the grass . [ Elliott be able to accomplish he objective of freeing the frog . this sequence be structure to run in parallel in order to emphasize the merge of Elliott and e.t . ] int : live room : day a blanket contain aluminum foil , electrical toy and appliance be pull across the floor . Mary open the door and yell hello . harvey run to the front door . e.t walk out from behind the tv and kick beer can across the floor . [ the alien quickly learn the appropriate behavior for drink at home . ] Mary , with she arm fill with grocery bag and clothes from the cleaner , walk into the kitchen . she be follow by gertie , who see e.t stand near the refrigerator . Mary open the refrigerator door , and knock E.T. in the head . he fall backwards onto the floor . gertie help E.T. up off the floor . he walk past Mary as he go back to the refrigerator . Mary still do not see he . [ this increase the audience 's tension . they be expect E.T. to be discover by Mary , and they be expect she to scream . ] gertie keep tell she that she want Mary to meet somebody , but Mary ignore she as she talk about how much the price of food have go up in one week . E.T. grab a can of coffee from the kitchen table , then again walk past Mary as she go in the opposite direction . he go back into the tv room . [ the laughter 's produce by Mary 's failure to see the reality of the alien who 's right under she nose . ] gertie be watch a language teach program for child on the tv . the program be teach word that begin with the letter " B " . the phone ring as Mary accidentally kick a can of beer across the floor . she answer the phone with the beer can in she hand . the person on the phone tell Mary that Elliott be intoxicate . gertie , watch the tv monitor , respond to the program by practice the " B " word . E.T. poke he head up from behind the monitor and say " bbbbbbb . " gertie stare at he as he repeat the " B " sound , then lower he head back down below the tv . " you say ' B ' , " say gertie . " B , " repeat e.t . " you say ' B , ' good , " say gertie . " b... good , " repeat e.t . [ this be a set up for the close communication between E.T. and gertie before he fly away in the spacecraft . this be also the first moment that he speak a English word . many child and parent in the audience can identify with this moment , and the first moral precept usually teach to a child : be good . ] Mary hang up the phone and tell gertie that she have to pick up Elliott . she ask gertie to be a good girl . " mommy , he can talk , " say gertie . " of course he can talk , " say Mary , refer to the tv program . [ the humor be generate from Mary 's misunderstanding of gertie 's statement . ] as Mary leave , E.T. walk out from behind the tv . he walk to a phone and stare . " phone , " say Mary . " phone , " say E.T. E.T. press the number of the phone . " you want to call somebody ? " ask gertie . [ this establish E.T. 's objective : to communicate with he fellow creature so that he can return home . ] int : house : day Elliott walk up the stair to he room . Mary 's voice can be hear from below say she refuse to pay for frog . [ this be a fine example of the point of attack for a scene : instead of show what would happen in real life ( Mary 's discussion with the teacher about Elliott 's behavior in the classroom ) , the scene pick up with what be important for the audience : Elliott 's discovery that E.T. can now talk . a scene show Mary in school would be redundant and dramatically irrelevant . ] Elliott be walk towards he room when he hear gertie talk to E.T. in she room . he drop he bag on the floor , and quickly enter she room . " be good , be good , " say gertie as she close the door to she closet . Elliott push gertie away from the closet and open it . Inside be E.T. dress up in girl clothes with a blonde wig on he head . he have a rabbit fur around he neck and wear a black hat with flower . [ this be completely inappropriate attire for a alien , whether male or female . the visual incongruity of E.T. in girl 's clothes generate the laughter . ] " oh God ! " say Elliott . " Elliott , " say E.T. " what ? " say Elliott , not yet realize that it be E.T. who speak . " Elliott , Elliott , " repeat E.T. " I teach he how to talk . he can talk now , " say gertie . [ Elliott , with the help of gertie and the tv program , have complete one of Elliott 's objective : communicate with e.t . ] gertie point out the thing that E.T. have bring upstairs : electrical toy and the plant . she wonder what he need this for . E.T. hold the cartoon page of the newspaper out to Elliott . " E.T. , can you say that ? can you say E.T. ? " ask Elliott . " E.T. , " repeat E.T. Elliott laugh with joy . e.t keep repeat he name as he turn and walk through the closet into Elliott 's room . " E.T. , be good , " say e.t . " be good , " I teach he that too , " say gertie . [ " be good " be a fundamental value teach child , as basic as the principle " there 's no place like home , " teach in the wizard of oz . ] " you should give he he dignity . this be the most ridiculous thing I have ever see , " say Elliott . E.T. hand Elliott the newspaper , and point to the Buck rodger comic strip . he then say " phone " . Elliott be amaze at this . E.T. walk into the closet and say " home . " Elliott confirm that this be E.T. 's home . E.T. then turn , walk to the window , point to the sky , and say " E.T. home phone . " " E.T. phone home " say gertie . " E.T. phone home " say Elliott . " he want to call somebody , " say gertie . [ this reconfirm E.T. 's objective . ] Mike walk into the room and laugh at E.T. 's attire . " E.T. phone Home , " say e.t . " oh my God , he 's talk now , " say Mike . E.T. once again point out the window and repeat that he want to call home . " and they will come ? , say Elliott . " come ? " respond E.T. " Home , home " he repeat . ext : STREET : night a truck drive down the street . Inside a man with earphone listen to the conversation in the neighborhood home , as he fine tune he electronic eavesdropp equipment . he focus in on Elliott 's voice . [ Jeopardy : the force of the antagonist be get closer and closer . they be now inside the privacy of the protagonist 's home , listen to they most intimate conversation . ] int : garage : night Elliott , Mike and harvey be in the garage search for object that E.T. could use in building he communication device . Elliott restate that he have " absolute power " and that E.T. belong to he . [ Elliott 's objective be to possess E.T. , not set he free . freeing the one he love be the lesson he will have to learn in this story . ] ext : STREET : night the van contain electronic eavesdropp equipment drive past Elliott 's house . [ they be still in jeopardy : they action and word be be monitor . ] int : garage : day Mike tell Elliott that E.T. do not look too good anymore . " do not say that , we be fine ! " say Elliott . " what 's all this we stuff . you say we all the time now . look Elliott , I think he might be get sick , " reply Michael . [ this confirm Elliott 's belief that he consider himself and E.T. to be one be . it also introduce further jeopardy for E.T. besides be track by the antagonist , he be also become sick . ] int : van : night the man with the earphone be listen to Elliott and Michael 's conversation as they discuss E.T. 's sickness . int : garage : day Mike tell Elliott to grab the fuzzbuster . Elliott pull he father 's blue shirt out from the shelf . they reminisce about the day when he use to take they to baseball game and the movie , where they would have baseball fight . Mike say that they will do that again , but Elliott do not really believe he . they each smell they father 's shirt . " Old spice , " say Mike . " Sea Breeze , " say Elliott . [ here a prop ( they father 's shirt ) be use to reveal the emotional relationship between the two boy and they father . audience empathy be generate for they because they have be abandon by they father . the audience 's anger be transfer from the father to the antagonist who be eavesdropp on this private intimate moment . ] int : van : night the man in the van continue to listen to Elliott and Michael 's conversation . only the listener 's eye be clearly visible . [ this be a cinematic technique to signify the " ever - watch eye " of the faceless antagonist . ] int : gertie' room : night Mary lie in bed next to gertie as she read she the Peter Pan story . Mary read that Peter have defeat the Indians , but Wendy and the boy have be capture by the pirate . he vow to rescue she . E.T. watch they from the closet . [ here the notion of " a rescue " be introduce , and visually associate with E.T. as he watch they from the closet . this be a emotional set up for the audience , so that they will later be supportive of Elliott and the boy 's effort to rescue e.t . ] Mary read the section of the Peter Pan story where tinker Bell become poison . Elliott come into the closet , stand next to E.T. , then close the door behind they . " tinkerbell swallow the draft as Peter 's hand reach for it , " read Mary . " why T , you have drunk my medicine . " Elliott pull E.T. away from the door , then shift through a box of item that he bring up from the garage . he cut he finger on the blade of a power see , then say " ouch , " as he hold he bleed finger up into the air . E.T. point he own finger towards Elliott . E.T. 's finger glow like a laser light as he say " ouch . " he then press this light finger on Elliott 's cut and heal it . [ this establish the fundamental goodness and heal power of e.t . ] E.T. open the slit in the closet door and continue to watch Mary read to gertie the part where tinker Bell be die . " she say she think she can get well again if child believe in fairy . do you believe in fairy ? say quick that you believe . " " I do ! I do ! I do ! " say gertie . " if you believe , clap you hand . " both gertie and Mary clap they hand . Elliott place a blanket around E.T. 's shoulder and a scarf around he neck , as they listen to the rest of the story . " thank you , thank you . and now to rescue Wendy , " read Mary . Elliott place he arm around e.t . [ the Peter Pan story be use to set up the audience 's emotional reaction to a fairy tale concern near death and rescue . this emotional empathy will then be transfer to E.T. , another " fairy - like creature " when he become sick and be rescue . just as the audience feel like clap for tinker Bell , they will applaud the child 's effort to save e.t . ] ext : house : night exhaust flow from the tailpipe of a van . this be the same type of poisonous exhaust image that the audience see when van drive into the forest at the beginning of the movie . [ Jeopardy : the force of the antagonist be still nearby . ] int : bedroom : night Elliott , dress in white long -john , sit on he bunkbe as he watch E.T. Michael stand next to he . Elliott comment that E.T. be put together he instrument , while Mike fear that it might blow up the house . he also comment on the irregularity of E.T. 's breathe . [ more jeopardy , both in Mike 's fear of he family and home be destroy , and in E.T. 's illness become progressively worse . ] e.t place he communication device over the Buck rodger comic strip . [ this movement establish a mental association between the device and the spaceman 's communication effort in the comic strip . ] petal drop off the flower in the pot . [ this represent E.T. 's fail health . ] E.T. lift up he head ( which indicate he 's use he telekinetic power ) , then lift part of he communication device into the air . he next lift up the umbrella and open it . both object float in the air in front of he . [ e.t 's primary objective be to go home . to accomplish this he must create a communication device . this be he sub-objective , which appear to be complete . he next must activate this device from the landing site and call home . the obstacle he have to overcome be Mary , the community , and the distance to the forest . this obstacle will be confront in the next scene . ] int : elliott's room : day prepare for Halloween , Elliott paint he lip with makeup . he talk to gertie about she go out that night as a ghost . they review the evening plan . she will meet they at the lookout . [ this be a example of incomplete exposition which engage the audience . they only talk about part of the plan : the meeting at the lookout . they do not discuss anymore detail , such as deceive Mary into think that gertie be with they instead of e.t . the partial information force the audience to stay involved with the action and to create they own conjecture about what will happen . ] int : closet : day Mike help elliot put on he knapsack . Elliott then place a sheet over e.t . int : staircase : day E.T. , cover with a sheet and clown shoe , walk down the staircase . the clown shoe cover he three - to foot . int : house : day Mary walk through the house dress in a tight fitting leopard skin dress with facial makeup that make she look like a cat . Mike tell he mother to wait and not peek , as he and Elliott lead E.T. into the room . finally , Mary turn and shriek with glee . she run to get a camera . [ the tension in the situation be cause by they fear that E.T. will be discover by Mary . Mike and Elliott 's objective be to get he out of the house undiscovered . ] E.T. look through hole cut out for he eye and see Michael with a fake butcher knife through he head . he light up he finger in a attempt to heal Mike 's wound . Mike grab 's E.T. 's hand and put it back under the sheet . " ouch , ouch " say e.t , as he try once again to heal Mike . " it 's a fake knife , it 's fake , " say Mike . [ laughter be generate because while E.T. 's behavior would be appropriate if Mike be really wounded , it be inappropriate in this situation since the knife be fake . ] Mary come back with a camera and prepare to photograph they . " you look great , " say Mary . " thank you , " say Mike . " thank you , " say Elliott . " thank you , " say E.T. Mary do not notice that E.T. have speak . [ laughter be generate by the " rule of three " humor structure and Mary 's ignorance . ] when Mary take the photo , the flash shock E.T. and knock he onto the floor . Mike and Elliott quickly pull he up before Mary notice and lead he out of the house . [ they succeed in they objective with the help of they " not so smart " mother . ] ext : STREET : day Mary walk down the driveway as she order they to be home no later than one- hour after sundown . E.T. , dress in the sheet , turn and look at Mary , then continue down the driveway with Mike and Elliott . [ this create a " timelock " , a sense of urgency , and the expectation of a upset mother if they have not return by the assign time . ] ext : community : day establish shot of the neighborhood . on a hilltop by a fence stand another person in a white sheet ( presumably gertie ) . she kick dirt at the bicycle near the fence . [ this be the end objective of Mike , elliot and E.T. : to connect up with gertie at the lookout . they obstacle be to get e.t past all the child on the street . ] ext : STREET : day the sun be set . Children in Halloween costume walk through the street . E.T. walk between Mike and Elliott , as he watch the other child parade by . one child dress as yoda from return of the jedi walk by . E.T. turn and walk after he say " home , home . " [ the laughter be obviously the result of E.T. misinterprete the situation by believe that the child be another alien . ] they walk towards the set sun as Mike remind Elliott that he must be back by one hour after sunset . Elliott promise to try , but he want Mike to cover for he . [ this create jeopardy for the character , because if they do not complete they mission within the time frame , they will have trouble with Mary . ] ext : hilltop : day the sun be set as Mike , Elliott , and two small character cover with sheet stand on the hilltop overlook the city . Elliott ask Mike to help he lift E.T. onto the bike . Mike do and then tell Elliott that they will be wait for he . [ they have reach this objective . the next objective for Elliott and e.t be to get to the landing site in the forest . ] ext : forest : day Elliott , with e.t sit in the front basket , ride he bicycle through the forest . the road become very bumpy . Elliott tell E.T. that they will have to walk from there . suddenly , E.T. take control of the bike through the use of he telekinetic power and speed it forward . eliott become frighten as E.T. speed the bike towards a cliff and then drive it over the edge . E.T. then make the bike up through the air . [ the audience gulp from suspense and then go into elation by this surprising and magical turn of event . ] they continue to fly over the tree top . Elliott yell " not so high , not so high . " [ e.t and Elliott both have white hood over they head , which further visually reinforce they identification . ] they ride across the front of the moon , the guide light of magic . Elliott laugh with glee . when they start they descent he beg E.T. not to crash . they hit the ground . the bike turn over , and both E.T. and Elliott be throw to the ground . int : elliott's house : night the grandfather clock indicate 9:45 . Mary watch the clock as she sit in front of light candle . the time have long pass when Elliott be suppose to be home . the light candle give a church like effect as if Mary be praying for the safety of she child . she be upset that they have not return . she blow out the candle , then tap out another candle with she wand . [ there be jeopardy for the child as Mary and the audience wonder if they be okay . empathy be generate for Mary who be truly concerned for the safety of she child . ] ext : forest : night the sun have set . it 's nighttime in the forest . e.t open a box which contain the see blade bring to he by Elliott . Elliott tie a rope up to a tree branch . he then open the umbrella which be line with aluminum foil and point it towards the star-filled sky . it will function as a transmitter . E.T. place a coat hanger with nail above the see blade , plug a cable into a battery , then activate the toy language teach device . [ they succeed in complete they objective to reach the landing site . they new objective be to communicate with E.T. 's fellow alien in order to accomplish E.T. 's primary objective , which be to return home . ] int : elliott's house : night Mary , still dress in she leopard outfit , leave the house . she be very upset that she child have not yet return home . she mumble to herself , stick the wand in she mouth , and shake the car key . she get into the car and mumble that they father be go to hear about this one . " Mexico ! " she say . she drive down the driveway and into the street to search for she child . [ this create more empathy for Mary , who be very upset that she small child be out this late . the parent in the audience can easily identify with she . but the real function of this scene be to get she out of the house so that the antagonist can invade they home . she could have stay inside , we never see she in the car search for the child , and the next time we do see she be by the refrigerator in the kitchen . ] Men get out of a park car as Mary drive away . they take suitcase out of a second car , then walk up the driveway to Elliott 's house . ext : forest : night Elliott watch the treetop sway . he scratch he face , as do E.T. together they stare at the star . the wind cause the branch to sway , which then pull the rope , which , in turn , pull a fork across the see blade . this drag the nail in the hanger across the flat surface of the blade , and send signal out into space . Elliott be overjoy and shout that it work , while E.T. repeat the word " Home . " together they gaze up to the star . [ they have accomplish they objective of send a message into space . now , they wait to receive a signal back . ] int : elliott's house : night the light from a flashlight cross in front of a pumpkin 's face . more light flood through the slit of gertie 's door . a hand hold a flashlight open gertie 's door , and shine the light into the face of a black doll . [ this have a irritate and frightening effect on anyone in the audience who have ever have the experience of have a light shine into they face . ] Light from the flashlight search around gertie 's room . int : hallway : night a pile of yellow electrical cord be stack on the floor near a chair . it slowly unwind as it be pull by someone in Elliott 's room . the door to Elliott 's room be shut , with a poster sign hang on it say " do not enter . " the silhouette of a man pass behind the door , as sound of a geiger counter filter into the air . muffled voice be hear as the cord be pull to its fullest extent . it force a chair to slam against the wall . [ this last action have a jarring effect on the audience . emotionally , the audience be outrage at the invasion of the child 's room , and this create hatred for the antagonist and he cohort . they be still faceless so the audience can project the face of the person they most hate onto this character . this personalize the story for they and get they more intensely involved on a emotional basis . they also become intellectually involved , because the sound of the geiger counter and the extension of the cord to its maximum length force they to infer that the antagonist have find E.T. 's " home " in the closet . this involve the audience in the story much more than if the filmmaker have show the antagonist poke around in the closet . ] ext : forest : night " we have to go now e.t . it 's so late already , " Elliott say as both he and E.T. sadly gaze into the sky . [ they objective of receive a return signal have not be achieve . they sadness at failure create empathy for they in the audience . ] Elliott cough from be out in the cold , damp air . [ this be a setup for the later scene when both Elliott and E.T. be deathly ill . ] Elliott repeat that they really have to go home , but E.T. ignore he and have a sad expression on he face as he stare up to the sky . Elliott tell they that he have to give they some time . E.T. respond by say " ouch , " signify that he feel pain . a small fawn watch they from a distance . [ the jeopardy in the scene be due to they be so late . Mary will be very angry and they face the obstacle of get E.T. back into the house without be discover . the fawn generate feeling of sympathy in the audience which be transfer to e.t . the audience also empathize with the sadness they feel at fail to make contact . for now , supposedly , E.T. will not be able to go home . ] " you could be happy here . I could take care of you , " say Elliott tearfully . I would not let anybody hurt you . we could grow up together , e.t . " [ Elliott state he primary objective : to always have E.T. with he . ] " Home , Home , " say E.T. [ E.T. state he primary objective : to go home . ] Elliott sit down and cry . E.T. touch one of he tear . [ the audience empathize with the sadness of both character . ] ext : forest : night it 's morning . Elliott be asleep as he lean against a large rock . he be cover with a blanket as the wet forest mist surround he . next to he lie E.T. 's communication device . Elliott cough , get up , tug on the rope which activate the device , then look around for E.T. but can not find he . [ the new objective : where be E.T. and what have happen to he ? this be also the new question that will maintain the audience 's interest . ] int : elliott's house : day Mary open the refrigerator door and put back a carton of milk . Mike and gertie sit besides she . a policeman ask Mary how Elliott be dress when she last see he . Mary tell he that he be dress as a hunchback . the policeman , whose face be not show ( I suppose so that the audience will associate he as " one of they " ) , ask Mary if there be any indication that he might have run away ? be there any family problem or recent argument ? Mary explain that she and she husband have just separate and that this have not be easy on the kid . " my father be in Mexico , " say gertie . [ this scene generate empathy for the whole family . ] Mary slam the refrigerator door shut , thereby revealing Elliott stand behind it . White light flood onto he make he look ghastly . Mary hug he as Mike and gertie join they . [ the audience be relieved and overjoy with Elliott 's safe return . ] " oh Elliott , " she say as she hug he . " do not ever do this again , Elliott . you be so hot . " Elliott be feverish from spend the night outside . Mary tell gertie to go upstairs and draw he a bath . Mary walk over to the policeman ( whose face be still unseen ) and thanks he for he concern . Elliott ask Mike if E.T. be in the house . Mike shake he head , indicate no . elliot plead with Mike to find he . he 's somewhere in the forest near the bald spot . [ this be the new objective : find E.T. and bring he back . ] ext : STREET : day Mike ride the bicycle with the basket in front down the driveway and into the street , past a car fill with wait man . the car start and follow Mike . he look behind and realize that he be be pursue . [ this be a standard chase scene , with a friend who be try to save the life of the protagonist be pursue . both he and the protagonist be in jeopardy . Mike 's new sub-objective be to lose that who be follow he . ] Mike cut through a backyard and into a alley behind some house . the car follow he . Mike then ride up a embankment and drive off in the opposite direction , leave the car strand behind . [ he successfully accomplish he subobjective . ] ext : forest : day Mike ride through the forest as he call out E.T. 's name . he stop and search for E.T. Mike find the abandon communication device , then run up a path and discover E.T. 's white sheet hang from the open gate . [ the blue-orange color of E.T. 's communication device be the same color that spielberg choose the logo of he production company , amblin entertainment .] [ this be the same gate near the landing site that the character run past in the open sequence . ] in another part of the forest , Mike ride he bike on a ridge above a stream . e.t lie in the water below , be skin discolor to that of sickly white . Mike see he , grab the sheet , then run down the embankment . a raccoon wander near E.T. Mike shout he away , then cover E.T. Mike hear the sound of a helicopter above he and look up at the sky . [ Mike have achieve he objective : he have find E.T. but , danger hover above he in the unseen presence of the ever observe antagonist . ] ext : elliott's house : day the shadow of a man fall on the driveway . the sound of key jangling be hear . [ High jeopardy : the antagonist be about to invade the home of the protagonist . ] int : elliott's house : day Mike be in the hallway as Mary walk up the stair . she have a cup of coffee in she hand . [ the cup be a prop which will be use to reveal Mary 's emotion . ] he want she to come with he . he ask she if she remember the goblin . he try to get she to make a promise , but she be annoyed with he . int : bathroom : day Michael then open the door to the bathroom . Elliott be sit on the floor as gertie sit on the counter . they be both look into the bathtub . Mary smile as she walk into the bathroom with the cup of coffee in she hand . then she see E.T. on the floor . he be a sickly white . he extend he arm out towards she . Mary be stunne , as she turn the cup over and coffee pour out onto the floor . [ here a character 's non-verbal action with a prop reveal she true emotional state . she have lose it .] " he 's sick . I think we be die , " say Elliott . Mary cover she mouth . Mike try to tell she that E.T. will not harm they , but she order he to take gertie downstairs . gertie cry that he 's the man from the moon as Mike pick she up and carry she downstairs . [ Elliott , clothed only in white long - john underwear , be visually almost identical to the ghastly white - color e.t . ] Mary pick up Elliott and carry he out of the room as E.T. groan and reach out for they . [ Mary 's objective be to save she family from the alien in she home . ] int : elliott's house : day Mary carry Elliott down the stair . he protest that she can not leave E.T. alone . Michael run down the stair with gertie on he back . he open the door , freeze , then back away . Mary , with Elliott in she arm , approach the door and be confront by a man in a spacesuit . Mary back into the live room as the spaceman enter and reach out for she . she go in the opposite direction , only to run into another man in a spacesuit . she run into the kitchen , follow by Mike carry gertie . the be block by still another spaceman with outstretch arm . Mary and she child be back into a corner . another man in a spacesuit open up the window blind from the outside . Mary shout " this be my home . " ext : STREET : day Dawn . the sun rise as a line of man wear helmet and uniform march up the street . int : bathroom : day E.T. , he skin discolor to a grey - white hue , lie on the floor as a man in a space suit enter the room . " Home , " say e.t . [ this be the end of act two . the antagonist and he force have invade the home of the protagonist and take they into possession . this terrifying invasion of the privacy of they home generate more empathy for Mary and she child . ] ext : STREET : day Men in helmet walk up a street as they push a large plastic tunnel . Police car slowly drive up the street , as faceless man march to a drumbeat . [ this be the beginning of the third act with the force of the antagonist in complete control . ] ext : STREET : night Men with welding torch work on a truck . the plastic tunnel lead up the driveway to Elliott 's house . the face of the man be still not show . they be either wear helmet or be silhouettes . closeup the man with key jangling on he side be put on a pair of light - blue pants . intercut : STREET Men be work outside . large bright light flood the area . intercut : " keys " the man in the blue suit put on a white pair of plastic glove . Red and black color on he cuff be associate with he key as ominous music fill the soundtrack . [ this be the only instance in this film where the traditional color of the antagonist ( red and black ) be associate with the antagonist ( " key " ) . put on a light - blue outfit start the transformation of the antagonist into a character worthy of audience empathy , for blue - white be the traditional production design color signify " innocence . " ] the man in the light - blue suit get up walk through the plastic tunnel towards Elliott 's house . he exit the tunnel and walk into the house which have be completely enclose by plastic . finally , the antagonist 's face be show . his head be cover by a blue hood while a light under he face mask accentuate he white shirt . Mary stand in the middle of the room with gertie at she side . a doctor ask she question about E.T. , but Mary be more concerned with Elliott 's state . a nurse cut a lock from gertie 's hair ( presumably for analysis ) , while both Elliott and E.T. can be see on a video monitor . this nurse walk to Mike and cut a piece of he hair while a doctor ask he question about E.T. a video monitor show Elliott and e.t . " Elliott think he thought , " ask the doctor . " no , Elliott feel he feeling , " answer Michael . [ this be the first time in the film that the merge of Elliott and E.T. have be explicitly state . yet , this condition have be reveal to the audience non-verbally throughout the story . the verbalization seem redundant and not necessary , but do make sense as a explanatory comment to a character new to the story . ] int : chamber : day a man stand in what appear to be a decontamination chamber . intercut : medical instrument hand push button on electronic equipment use to gather medical information about Elliott and E.T. graph represent E.T. and Elliott run in exact parallel . [ this be another representation of the fact that E.T. and Elliott have merge and be to be consider as one be . ] int : medical room : day two people in white suit zip open a plastic cover and enter the room where elliot and E.T. be be examine . [ the color white traditionally signify purity . a transition in the audience 's emotional alliance be be manipulate at this stage of the story . they hatred will be transfer from " key " who will become much more sympathetic to " death itself " which threaten the life of e.t . it would be too much to ask of the adult audience to remain sympathetic to the emotional pleading of a child when space scientist be try to save the life of a sick alien . ] " you be scare he , " cry Elliott , as the doctor examine both Elliott and E.T. as they lie on adjacent table . e.t 's head rest on a blue piece of cloth . " leave he alone , leave he alone . I can take care of he , " moan Elliott . [ which , of course , he can not . but this be something that both he , and probably most of the child in the audience , really believe . ] Elliott look up into the face of " key , " who say that he 's be to the forest . he want to know what the machine do . Elliott say that it 's a communication machine , and ask if it 's still work . he then state that " he come to I . he come to I . " " key " explain that he 's be wishing for this too , ever since he be ten year old . he do not want the alien to die . he ask what more can they do that they be not already do . Elliott 's image reflect in " key " face gear . Elliott tell he that E.T. be call he people because he need to go home . [ " key " be no longer the threat . he have be transformed into a friend who also want to help the alien . a new antagonist must now be create in order to maintain conflict in the story . in this scene death will serve that function . for the rest of the film the force of the United States government , who attempt to block E.T. 's escape , will function as the antagonist . ] another Doctor dress in white enter the room and announce that E.T. have DNA . suddenly , a display screen show a drop in E.T. and Elliott 's graph . one doctor say there 's a drop in the creature 's blood temperature , while another state that Elliott 's condition be stabilize : he blood pressure be come back up . E.T. call Elliott 's name , and the medical personnel become aware that he can talk . Elliott plead with he to stay . E.T. repeat the word " stay , stay , " then slowly turn he head away . they graph separate . one doctor announce that the boy be come back , but they be lose e.t . int : closet : night Michael enter the closet space where E.T. stay . he look at the object , include the cartoon page from the newspaper , then huddle down among E.T. 's possession . [ this action create more empathy for Michael who suffer at the think of lose e.t . ] the be a time transition , for Michael be asleep in E.T. 's space when the morning sun shine on he face . Michael wake up , then watch the plant ( which represent E.T. 's life force ) will . he scream . int : medical room : day " E.T. , do not go " scream Elliott . doctor state that he have no blood pressure and there be no pulse or respiration . a bell ring , which signifies a life and death situation . doctor run into the room and tear down the plastic covering surround e.t . " leave he alone . you be kill he , " say Elliott . they wheel Elliott out of the room as he continue to scream . the medical staff frantically try to revive e.t . they try electrical shock , but that fail . gertie hold she doll as she watch . she react by jump when the electrical shock be apply to e.t . [ show one character 's reaction to a situation help to create the intend reaction in the audience . ] the doctor be lose he . Elliott watch and cry . Mary go to he and they hug each other . gertie cry as she hold she doll . Mike walk into the room , as " key " watch , then turn away . [ this provide the audience with each character 's reaction to the death of e.t . this be a surprising event for the audience : the protagonist have die . emotionally , it be design to sad the audience so that they will become overjoy when he be bring back to life . ] ext : elliott's house : day a white van await at the bottom of the driveway . [ previously , the van and car associate with the antagonist be of dark color . the color change allow the filmmaker to use culturally determine color association to manipulate the audience 's emotional response . ] Police and other official walk past a white van , white truck , police car and other white vehicle towards a tan color car . Mike 's friend sit on they bike behind police barrier . they make comment that something have just happen inside the house . [ this establish the existence of Mike 's friend who will play a crucial role in the last chase scene . ] int : medical room : day the medical staff give up on E.T. and decide to pack he in ice . Mike watch as the staff of E.T. slowly walk away . " key " remove he headgear and walk to Elliott who be stand vigil over E.T. 's body . " key " then approach E.T. Mike watch and cry as a man behind he remove he headgear . the face of several medical attendant be show . [ this humanize the force of the antagonist and make they much less threaten . that 's why they have to be faceless for so long throughout the story . ] " key " kneel besides E.T. and with glove hand close he eye . Mary hold gertie . when gerite ask if he 's dead , Mary reply that she think so . gertie then say she wish he back . [ the interchange between gertie and Mary remind the audience of the tinker Bell situation when Mary read to she from Peter Pan . that same feeling be reintroduce here : the clap of hand to save the fairy and then the desire to rescue the child . this be the payoff to the emotional reaction set up in that earlier scene . ] " key " look up to see two attendant roll in a metal case fill with ice into which they will place E.T. 's body . Mary pick up gertie and carry she out of the room . Medical technician prepare the case as Elliott watch . key approach elliot and tell he that they will be take E.T. away . " they be just go to cut he all up , " reply Elliott . [ this be the payoff to the frog sequence . the audience believe that Elliott be correct , give the scientific mind as demonstrate by the teacher . they also now remember the joy they feel when Elliott freed the frog , and wish they could experience that again now . ] " do you want to spend some time alone with he ? " ask " key , " as he put he arm around Elliott and walk he to the case . he tell the medical attendant to leave the room . [ this generate empathy for " key " who be show to be concerned for Elliott 's feeling . ] the attendant walk out of the room past Michael who be watch Elliott . " key " leave Elliott alone with the body of E.T. , which be cover in a plastic bag as it lie on dry ice . Elliott stare down at e.t . " look at what they have do to you . I be so sorry . you must be dead . I ... I do not know how to feel . I can not feel anything anymore . you have go someplace else now . E.T. , I love you . " [ Elliott wear a partially open white - jacket . he be frame within a oval shape glass . ] Elliott place the cover down over E.T. and walk away from the oval glass . a red-light flash from inside the case , but Elliott do not notice this as he walk away . he pass the pot of wilted flower . the flower slowly start to regain strength . Elliott notice this , then quickly return the case . [ this be the payoff for the pot-of- wilted - flower prop . ] he open the case , see the red-light flash from E.T. 's heart , then zip open the plastic bag . the alien look up and say " E.T. phone home . " Elliott scream with joy . " Home , home , home , home , " say e.t . " do this mean they be come ? " ask Elliott . " yes , " answer E.T. [ E.T. have finally succeed in he objective of communicate home . ] Elliott tell he to stay and shut up , as he place he hand over E.T. 's mouth . Elliott zip he back up , then place a cloth over he flash red-heart , as " keys " re-enter the room . Elliott slam down the cover . " keys " pull Elliott away from the case as two attendant prepare for its removal . Elliott cry out with feign sorrow to conceal he glee when he see the wilted flower regain they health . the attendant lock the case . int : decontamination chamber : day Elliott tell Mike that E.T. be alive . Mike 's also overjoy . Mike and Elliott rejoice as the wilted flower continue to bloom . int : elliott's house : day Mary be talk to " keys " as gertie run up with the pot of flower in she hand . he ask Mary if the boy have go because she 's sup - pose to give she a note when they have go . Mary take the note from gertie and read it . [ this note provide the crisis to which Mary must react , yet the audience be keep in suspense . ] ext : plastic tunnel : day Elliott run down the tunnel past two man dress in blue , then enter the back of the van . Elliott then pull aside the white curtain that separate the driver compartment from the back of the van to reveal Michael in the driver 's seat . he to be wear a blue jacket . Elliott yell at Mike for not wear he mask . suddenly , a black official walk by the van , spot Mike in the driver 's seat , and knock on the window . he hold a walkie-talkie in he hand as he ask Mike who he be . Mike respond that he 's drive . the official tell Mike to open the door . when Mike look to Elliott for advice , Elliott tell he to drive away . [ Elliott and Mike 's objective be to escape with E.T. ] a group of man approach the van . Mike scream that he 's never drive forward before , shift into first gear , and drive away . [ this be the payoff to the scene of Mike incompetently back the car down the driveway . ] as Mike drive away he drag along the plastic tunnel with the two man still inside . Mike briefly stop by he friend and tell they to meet he at the playground at the top of he hill . he then drive away , pursue by a group of man . Mike 's friend put on they hat and sun - glass , and join the fray . [ the chase be on . suspense be create because the audience wonder whether they will get E.T. back to the forest before the be stop . they face impossible odd , yet Mike 's friend display loyalty as they join the fight . Mike and Elliott 's first objective be to reach the park . they major obstacle be the man try to capture they . ] Mike drive the van down the street . the two man still in the plastic tunnel try to climb back towards the van . Elliott start to disconnect the tunnel by pull out metal brace . [ Jeopardy : if this man get into the van , they will overpower Elliott and Mike , and prevent E.T. from get home . ] ext : elliott's house : day Mary back she car out of the garage . gertie be sit next to she in the front seat hold onto the flower pot . " key " run up to Mary and ask where she 's go . gertie blunt out " to the spaceship . " [ " key " now realize that the alien be return for e.t . this be he " crisis " information , that spurn he into action . ] ext : STREET : day the van continue down the road , still pull the plastic tunnel behind it . the two man have almost make it to the back of the van as Elliott pull out the final stake . he toss it to one of the man . when Mike turn a sharp corner the plastic tunnel disconnect , leave the two man behind . [ they have overcome they immediate obstacle . humor be generate when Elliott toss the nail to one of the man , because it be the reversal of a life save situation . instead of catch something ( like a rope ) that will save he , he catch the object that be he undoing . ] ext : STREET : day a convoy of police car drive up a street . [ the chase be still on . even though one obstacle have be overcome , the antagonist bring more formidable force into the fight . the protagonist be still in jeopardy . ] ext : park : day the white van drive up over the sidewalk and into the park . it swerve between the child 's ride , then finally stop . smoke pour out of the van , whose back two door be still open . [ they have reach they sub-objective : the park where they be to meet up with Mike 's friend and continue on they bike . ] Mike 's friend wait on they bike . between they they also have bike for Elliott and Mike . E.T. be reveal to the boy . he stand among the smoke from the dry-ice with he red-heart light flash . " okay , he 's a man from outer space and we be take he to he spaceship , " say Elliott , now dress in blue pants , white shirt , and red jacket . " why can not he just beam up ? " ask greg . " this be reality , greg , " say Elliott . [ of course , the joke be that it be not reality . it be a fantasy movie with a realistic response to a fantastic situation . right ? ] [ Elliott finally win the respect and admiration of Mike 's friend , something he 's desire from he introduction scene when they would not allow he to play dungeon &amp ; dragon with they . ] ext : park : day Mary , along with a crowd of plain clothes police , run towards the van . " do not shoot , they be only child , " scream Mary . [ this introduce a life and death jeopardy into the scene . it also characterize the force of the antagonist as character who would shoot child . ] they reach the back of the van only to find it empty . ext : STREET : day Elliott and friend ride down the street . E.T. , cover with a white blanket , ride in Elliott 's basket . Elliott , with the red hood over he head , shout that they be to ride to the forest . [ to cloth a character in red be effective in chase scene . this help the audience to visually pick out the scene important character when the pace be fast and the action intense . spielberg use this technique for elliot in this scene and for marion in raider of the lost ark when she run through the market chase by Arabs . ] Cars chase they . Elliott ride up the alley and tell the other to follow he . Police car encircle they and try to cut they off . the biker turn off the main road and ride into a dirt field . a tan car with " UNITED states government " write on the driver 's door ride parallel to the biker . two man ride inside the tan car . one speak into the car radio say that they will get they at the bottom of the hill . the tan car pull into the base of the hill and stop . one man get out and start to climb up the embankment . the biker almost run he over . they ride over the hood of the car , then continue down the street , now pursue by a blue police car . the biker cycle down a dirt road of a section of the community that be still under development . E.T. , with the white blanket cover he head , sit in the basket of Elliott 's bike . a blue car trail they . the biker decide to split up . two ride down a embankment . they be follow by another police car . the biker then escape from they pursuer by riding down steep embankment . the car cannot follow and must stop on different level . the biker unite and ride away . [ it seem that the chase be over and they have elude the antagonist . ] the biker 's be overjoy by they victory . one take off he hat , wave it in the air , and shout " we have make it ! " suddenly , he quickly duck to avoid be grab by a man . a group of man continue the chase . several car pull up ahead and form a blockade in the road . Elliott and E.T. ride forward . horror grow on Elliott 's face as he stare at the enemy in front of he . [ this final confrontation between the protagonist ( Elliott and E.T. ) and the antagonist . ] the antagonist be explicitly reveal at this moment . on the side panel of a car be a sign state : for official use only U.S. government interagency motor pool gsa the shadow of a shotgun cover the sign . next , two shotgun be raise against E.T. and Elliott . Elliott shut he eye with fear . there be a closeup of E.T. 's face . with shotgun draw , government agent gesture for they to stop . [ this be the life and death final moment before the climax . the audience have be set up to expect that the government agent would shoot at the protagonist by Mary 's comment in the park scene . ] suddenly , E.T. save the day with he telekinetic power . he lift all of the biker up into the air as they fly above the blockade . [ the climax be over E.T. have save himself and he friend ] E.T. then fly the biker over the housetop , and across the set sun . finally they float down onto a path in the forest . ext : forest : day Elliott have reach the landing site . he brushes the leave away from the turntable of the communication device . a blue-light flood Elliott 's face . he look up into the , along with the other biker . E.T. , with red-heart happily flash , also gaze into the sky as he spaceship descend . " Home , " say e.t . the spaceship continue its descent as E.T. 's red-heart flutter . the spaceship finally land in a golden glow light . a car pull into the forest , and gertie 's voice can be hear point out the location of the boy . the ramp to the spaceship lower . gertie run up to Mike and e.t . she give E.T. the plant and say that she just want to say goodbye . Michael respond that E.T. do not know goodbye . " be good , " say e.t . " yes , " say gertie , as she kiss he on the nose . Mike place he hand on E.T. 's head . [ this be a basic gesture of trust . the fact that E.T. allow Mike to do this indicate that he consider he a friend . ] E.T. put the plant on the ground , as Mary and " key " run up to the edge of the site . Mike pick up gertie and carry she away as Elliott approach e.t . " come , " say e.t " stay , " say Elliott . [ the two character that have merge into one protagonist must split apart because they now have different primary objective . E.T. want 's to return home , and Elliott want he to remain . ] E.T. lift he finger to he lip and say " ouch . " [ of course , this indicate the pain he feel in they separation . ] Elliott tearfully lift he finger to he lip and say " ouch . " [ the symmetry of he movement indicate that in some sense , they still be one . ] E.T. and Elliott hug each other as the be visually surround by blue and white light . then Elliott and Mary exchange glance as Mike and gertie stand by and watch . E.T. lift he finger to Elliott 's forehead . it light up , then he say : " I will be right here . " [ the resolution of the dilemma . though E.T. leave , he will still remain , perhaps telepathically , or perhaps only within Elliott 's thought . ] " bye , " say Elliott .. E.T. pick up the pot plant and carry it up the gangplank . Elliott watch from below as harvey start up the plank , then return to Elliott 's side . [ E.T. leave with what he really come for , a sample of the earth 's vegetative life form . but now he have much more in the flower that will serve as a memorial of all that he have experience with he new friend . ] the gangplank lift up and separate E.T. from Elliott . the ship circular entrance close . the spaceship lift off . Elliott watch it float up into the sky . it then speed away , leave a orange - blue rainbow behind against the blue- morning sky . [ Orange and blue be also the color of E.T. 's makeshift communication device as find by Mike in the forest . ] Mary watch and laugh with happiness . the other boy also watch , as Mike hold gertie in he arm . the film end with a shot of Elliott gaze up into the sky . the end