nebraska written by Robert W. Nelson ext . billing , montana - laurel road - day 1 a man in he 70 walk along a narrow stretch of grass separate a busy road from a railroad yard . the man walk purposefully , despite the hesitant gait and cloud eye of a longtime alcoholic . ext . near interstate 90 - day 2 now a bit daze and slowed by fatigue , the man walk past a sign read billing CITY limit . a state patrol cruiser pull up in front of he , and a trooper get out . ext . david 's apartment build - day 3 a modest structure set against a bluff . int . david 's apartment - day 4 david grant - 40 - sit in a recliner in a sparsely - furnish live room . he watch tv and drink from a plastic bottle of Mountain Dew . the doorbell ring . he get up and open the door . it 's he recent ex- girlfriend noel with two suitcase . david hi. noel hi . david wow . be you move back in ? noel no , this be yours . I be just return they . david right . thanks . do you want to come in ? she think a moment before step inside and maintain a polite distance . she notice a droopy plant . noel David , you be suppose to water that plant . it 's a plant . David go to the kitchen to fill a container with water . david I have like you to change you mind . noel what do that mean ? david you know what it mean . I want you to move back in . noel I just move out . david so two year , and we be back to dating . noel I do not know yet . we will see ina while . david be we still have sex ? noel what do you think ? david I think we be . noel and then what ? david usually I fall asleep . not in the mood for a joke -- noel I have get to go . david be you say we can not be together again unless we get marry ? Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 3 . noel get marry , break up , I do not know . let 's do both . let 's just do something . the phone ring . David and noél wait in silence as the machine eventually pick up . kate ( on phone ) pick up or call I back right now . it 's you father -- he 's go crazy . david oh , shit . he run to pick up the phone . noél start for the door . david ( cont 'd ) hi , Mom . I be here . kate ( on phone ) David , it 's you mother . david that 's why I say , '' hi , Mom . '' kate ( on phone ) I do not know what I be go to do with he . I be go to put he in a goddamn nursing home be what I be go to do . I be too old for this . as kate continue , David wave a weak goodbye to noél . int . montana sheriff station - day 5 woody grant sit on a fold chair in a cinder - block office . a sheriff lead David inside . david there 's the man of the hour . woody the what ? david the man of the hour . woody I do not know . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 4. in addition to general confusion , Woody be deaf in one ear . david so you tell the sheriff you be walk to ... nebraska ? woody that 's right . to get my million dollar . david what million dollar ? woody I win a million dollar . he pull a crinkle letter from he jacket pocket , which he unfold and labor to read . woody ( cont ’d ) '' we be now authorize to pay one million dollar to Mr. woodrow T. grant of billing , Montana . '' david let I see . Woody hand David the letter . woody you mother will not take I . david ( read ) mega sweepstake Marketing . dad , this be a total come - on . it 's one of the oldest gimmick in the book . I do not even know they do this anymore . woody they can not say it if it 's not true . david they be just try to sell you magazine subscription . woody it say I win . david so let 's mail it in . I x11 help you . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) woody I do not trust the mail with a million dollar . ext . woody and kate 's house - day a modest home . Woody and David get out of David 's car . David pull a very full laundry basket from he back seat . they go inside the kitchen door . int . woody and kate 's kitchen - continuous kate grant await they wear a fade floral housecoat . 7 the house have a tired , 70 - era décor . David put he basket in the laundry room at one end of the kitchen . kate you dumb cluck . you pretty near give I a heart attack ! woody now just cool you jet . kate this be the second time he 's try to sneak out . I never know the son - of - a- bitch even want to be a millionaire . he should have think about that year ago and work for it . david what would you do with a million dollar anyway , dad ? woody buy a new truck . david you can not drive . woody I nil get my license back . david tell I when you do so I can stay off the road . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) woody I need a air compressor too . kate be you still harping on that ? woody Ed pegram still have mine . kate that 's because he 's a thief . woody he 's not a thief . I leat it to he . david who 's Ed pegram ? woody guy I know back in hawthorne . david when do he borrow it ? woody seventy -four . david that 's almost forty year . he life two state away . I have say he steal it . woody that 's why I need a new one . Woody head down the hallway . kate where you off to now ? woody lyin 's down . kate he even sleep with that stupid letter . he 's memorize it word for word . I do not think he could memorize anything anymore . david ( open the refrigerator ) hey , what 's with this casserole ? Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) kate it 's lasagna . it 's still good . take it . and take some bananas . I buy a whole lot of they yesterday . you father make I so nervous . you know what I have do with a million dollar -- I have put he in a home . int . home theaters plus ! - day David work with a young couple inside a soundproof demo room . David and the man headbang to a rock anthem . the woman look bored . soon David lead they back into the showroom . david like I say , you basically just test - drive a cadillac or roll royce or whatever . be not that awesome ? man totally . david but that 's not to say I can not set you up with a whole lot more reasonable speaker that 'il still blow you mind if you be worried the wilson be go to set you back too much . the way they design speaker anymore , you can not make a mistake . the woman tug on she boyfriend 's arm . man great . I think , uh , I think we just need to discuss this and get back to you . david here 's my card . give I a call anytime if you have any more question . man thanks a lot . david excellent , Mark , Janice . pleasure . 10 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) janice juh-neece . david juh-neece . sorry . David watch they go . they will not be back . other employee David , you mother 's on line one . ext . woody and kate 's house - day David get out of he car and find he mother near the garage . david where have they find he this time ? kate Way the hell out on King Avenue by the albertson 's . I can not take it anymore . Ross be in there try to talk some sense into he . David go into the -- int . garage - continuous -- where David 's brother ross watch Woody work on the engine of a very old Ford pickup . Ross have a sportcoat , and perfect haircut . ross hi , Dave . david Ross . what 's go on , dad ? woody talk to ma and Ross . they seem to know it all . david I be ask you . woody can not get she to turn over . david that 's because it 's be sit there for ten year . 10 tie , Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 9 . woody I ' 1l get she runnin’ . ross he still think he 's go to lincoln to get he money . woody gotta get there by the 5th . ross hey dad , how come you do not think of fix the truck first or take a bus ? why have you just start walk ? Woody look up a moment , think about that , then get back to work . David lead he brother out of the garage . david do not pull he chain like that . the poor guy do not know what 's go on half the time . ross I cut the solenoid wire and stick it back in . that 'il slow he down . and Mom 's right -- it 's time to think about a home . she can not handle he anymore . it 's not fair to she . david he do not need a nursing home . he just ... the guy just need something to live for . that 's all this be about . ross yeah , and it 's pathetic . seem like drink always give he more than enough to live for until now . david go easy on the man , okay ? he will probably forget all about this ina day or two . ross and then it 'il be some other dement crap , like the infomercial stuff last year . Mom and I be look at reality , and you would better start too . ( more ) 10 . ross ( cont 'd ) a home would be in he best interest -- which , let 's face it -- be more than he ever think about with we . he never give a shit about you or I . they peek inside the garage . Woody remain focus . david I see you anchore the other night . Nice job . ross thanks . david first time in the chair , right ? ross Kelly Ann castillo call in sick , so I get to fill in , yeah . and apparently I do not stink up the place too much , so ... david Tom brokaw . the new Tom brokaw of billing . ross I do not know about Tom brokaw exactly , but you know , yeah , it 's look pretty good . I have pay my due . plus , look like Kelly Ann 's get some kind of bad infection . then from inside the garage -- kate you put that heap of shit on the road , I swear to God I 'il call the police ! int . david 's apartment - day 11 David sit in he recliner drink beer and watch a documentary about Tiger Woods . tv narrator when Earl Woods die , friend say a piece of Tiger die with he . 12 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 11 . TIGER wood ( on tv ) my dad have always teach I this word : care and share ... David notice the time and switch the channel . ross ( on tv ) billing chamber of commerce director Dee pomerantz say a new convention center could bring in upwards of five million dollar to the Magic City . but opponent , lead by councilman Reilly tilden , claim the plan be a '' pie in the Big Sky idea " that will cost taxpayer more than it 's worth . the Council be expect to debate the proposal in Monday 's session . come up next , be it time to pull out that old umbrella ? Debbie ontiveros have you soggy work week forecast . then in Sports , Carter bring we the story of a hardin snowmobiler who may have lose he leg , but not he will to compete . that and more come up after the break . stay with we . david Ross . the phone ring . David look at the caller id , drop he head and answer with dread . david ( cont 'd ) hello . kate ( on phone ) David , it 's you mother . ext . downtown billing - day 12 Woody walk down the sidewalk toward the bus station . David pull up alongside he in he car and roll down the window . david dad. dad ! woody leave I alone . David gun the car ahead of Woody , stop and get out . + HH HH HH hhh HH hk Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) lia . david come on . let I take you home . woody I be go to lincoln if it 's the last thing I do . I do not care what you people think . david listen to I . you do not win anything . it 's a complete scam . so you have get to stop this , okay ? Woody look at David as though maybe he son be finally make sense . then he start walk again . 13 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 12 . woody I be run out of time . david you do not even have a suitcase . woody I be not stayin’ there . david I can not let you go . woody it 's none of you business . david yes , it be . I be you son . woody then why do not you take I ? david I can not just drop everything and drive to lincoln , nebraska . woody what else you get goin 's on ? David blink as he absorb this . even a break clock be right twice a day . int . woody and kate driveway - day 13 as David put a old suitcase of he father 's into the trunk of he car , kate lay into he . kate what the hell be you do ? there 's no money ! david I realize that . Woody sit in the passenger seat , seemingly oblivious to the discussion . kate have you lose you marble too ? get you father out of you car this goddamn instant . you need to help I . ( more ) 14 15 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 13. kate ( cont 'd ) I be the one who do all the work around here . you father just sit there . look at he . he 's useless . his mother spoiled he . david we will just be go a couple of day . do not worry . we will be back before you know it . why do not you just enjoy the time alone ? you always complain about have he around . kate what about you job ? David get in the car . david I tell they I be sick . kate sick in the head . I be go to tell Ross to call you . he 'il back I up . david sound great . bye , Mom . David drive away . kate you be just like you father , stubborn as a mule ! couple of lunatic ! ext . interstate 90 - day 14 David 's subaru head southeast toward Wyoming . int . david be car - day 15 David and Woody drive in silence for a while before -- woody when you get tired , you let I know , and I 'il drive . david you can not drive . 16 17 14 . woody why not ? david because you license be suspend for drink . woody I do not drink . david be that right ? woody just a beer now and then . david that 's true . one continuous fifty - year beer . woody ( point ) I can sure as hell drive better than that moron . montage -- -- the car continue on interstate 90 amid the wide - open space of Montana . -- welcome to wyoming -- a freight train travel alongside the highway . Woody stare at it like a little kid . David cast glance at he father . ext . BUFFALO lake stop gas station - day 16 while fill up the car , David stare into space take mental stock of he strange situation . once he replace the nozzle , he turn to find he father . David 's eye follow the direction of the passenger door leave open , and he spot a SALOON . david oh , shit . int . BUFFALO lake stop SALOON - day 17 David find Woody seat comfortably amid a gaggle of weathered afternoon drinker . 18 19 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 15 . david Jesus Christ , dad , what be you do here ? woody I be thirsty . david good to see you be not drink . woody beer be not drink . ( down the rest of he coor ) let 's go . drive montage -- 18 -- the car pass through shifting landscape and impressive , big cloudy sky . -- welcome to south dakota : forever west -- a crew of biker swarm and pass the car . -- the car pass billboard , one advertising mount rushmore . int . david 's car - day 19 David smile . david hey , dad . woody yeah ? david how about we go see mount rushmore ? woody we do not have time for that . david it 's just a half hour off the interstate . we be right here . woody it 's just a bunch of rock . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 16 . 20 ext . highway near mount rushmore - day 20 David and Woody have stop they car at a pull - off offer a good if slightly distant view of the president . david so what do you think , dad ? woody do not look finish to I . david how do you mean ? woody look like somebody get bored doin’ it . Washington 's the only one with any clothes , and they be just sort of rough in . lincoln do not even have a ear . David take a look -- he dad 's get a point . Woody turn away . woody ( cont ’d ) okay , now we see it . 21 ext . rapid CITY motel - night 21 establish . 22 int . rapid CITY motel room - night 22 Dark . the door crack open , and someone sneak in before bang into a table and crash to the floor . david dad ? David turn on the light , jump out of bed , and find Woody face down and motionless . david ( cont 'd ) oh , Jesus . he roll Woody over and see that he 's bleed from a nasty gash above the eye . David run to the bathroom and return with a towel . woody I be all right . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 16a . David press the towel onto Woody 's forehead . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 17 . david you have be drink . woody no , I have not . I be fine . go back to bed . 23 int . emergency room - night 23 David watch a doctor finish dress Woody 's wound . doctor all righty , that ought to do it . give I a sec . the doctor walk out of the office . nurse ( 0.s. ) who you get in there ? doctor ( 0.s. ) just a old drunk who cut he head . woody where 's my tooth ? david you lose you tooth ? Woody answer with a grin -- he be miss four upper front tooth . david ( cont 'd ) do you leave they at the motel ? woody no . david the tavern ? woody I be not in no tavern . david do you leave they at the place where they serve alcohol that you do not call a tavern ? 24 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) woody must have be when I fall by the track . the doctor return , speak to David . doctor consider it 's a pretty bad head wound , he age , and history of drink , I think we should keep he in the hospital a day or so for observation . woody I do not drink . david you hear that , dad ? we will not be make lincoln by Friday . woody we get till Monday . david we be go to take you back home . woody I be not go home . david I can not wait until Monday . that mean I would not be back at work till Wednesday . woody sellin 's record player . ( to doctor ) I win a million dollar . doctor congratulation . that will just about cover one day in the hospital . David offer a weak courtesy laugh . int . hospital room - day Woody lie in bed like a corpse -- eye close , mouth the tv be on . David enter , shake he father awake . 18 . 24 slack . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 18a . david I look , but I could not find you tooth anywhere . 25 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 19 . woody they be by the track . david you have to be more specific than railroad track that run from the Atlantic to the Pacific . listen , Mom talk to uncle Ray and aunt martha . they be go to put we up in hawthorne over the weekend . woody I do not want to go to hawthorne . why can not we just go direct to lincoln ? david because there 's no sense go to lincoln over the weekend . I x11 get you there Monday morning . anyway , aunt martha say she have invite all you brother over and have a little get-together on Sunday . Mom 's come down on the bus , maybe Ross and marcie too . it will be nice . woody I do not want to go to hawthorne . ext . railroad track - early morning 25 David and Woody search the ground along track separate a tavern from a small commercial area , include a motel . david do you remember where you fall ? Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 20 . they keep look . David brighten and pick something up . david ( cont 'd ) okay , dad , I find it . here it be . ( run over ) oh , wait . this be not yours . Woody nod and keep look . david ( cont 'd ) I be kid . here . Woody take the tooth and brushes off they off . woody this be not mine . david I be put you on . it 's yours . woody no , it 's not . david whose else be it go to be ? see if it fit . woody this be not my tooth . david they have to be . woody I should know my own tooth . David look at he father in disbelief and start look again . woody ( cont ’d ) of course they be my tooth . do not be a moron . 26 27 a28 28 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 21 . Woody insert he tooth and grin . woody ( cont ’d ) come on . let 's go . drive montage -- 26 -- David 's car pass a massive windmill farm . -- David and Woody pass a fade , pock sign read '' nebraska , the good life . Home of arbor Day . '' -- other tbd . int . / ext . david 's car - day 27 a farm report be on the radio as David and Woody reach a rural crossroad . farm report ( on radio ) barrow and gilt be 94 higher , average 74.99 ... woody say , turn up here . david no , we should stay on 20 . woody I want to show you something . Woody direct David to turn onto a gravel country road . ext . rural intersection - day a28 David 's subaru turn now from the gravel road back onto a pave country road . ext . lyon , nebraska road - day 28 inside the car -- David be curious as Woody direct he down a desolate road . woody there it be . pull in there . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 21a . 29 ext . abandoned motel - day 29 David pull into the driveway . they get out . woody they use to have a big sign with a great big cowboy on it . must have be thirty foot tall . 30 31 32 22 . David look at the motel . tree grow out of the window . woody ( cont ’d ) when I be a boy , my brother and I always want to come by and see the big cowboy . Real big cowboy . david be that he ? David point to a rusted sign for the rustler roost lie amid tall weed . the big cowboy with the buckshot - pummele face be no more than ten foot tall . woody seem bigger then . montage -- tbd . ext . hawthorne , nebraska - day 30 David 's car drive slowly into the business district , a wide street with head - in parking spot fill mainly with pickup truck . the building -- many board up -- pre-date 1960 , with some clearly over a century old . int . david 's car - continuous 31 Woody twist around to take it all in . ext . ray and martha 's house - day 32 David stop at a old two -story house with junk car out front . aunt martha , a lively 70 , come out to greet they . aunt martha well , hello there , boy . david hi , aunt martha . she hug they both . woody martha . 33 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) aunt martha look at you , davey . you could not have be more than 15 last time we see you . david that 's what I be say to dad . Long time . aunt martha well , what have you get to say for yourself , Woody ? woody nothin’ . aunt martha what have you do to you head ? woody fell . aunt martha you grant brother sure be man of few word . int . ray and martha 's tv room - day 23 . 33 * aunt martha lead Woody and David through the house . seat * in front of the tv be Woody 's older brother ray and David 's * twin layabout cousin bart and cole , too old to be live at home . aunt martha look who I find hang around out front , Ray . you little brother Woody . uncle ray I can see that . what 's up , Woody ? woody nothing . how about you ? uncle ray not much . david hi , uncle Ray . Ray nod as if not entirely sure he know who David be . stare at each other a few second in silence . all Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) aunt martha you boy remember you cousin David . david ( shaking hand ) hey , Bart . Cole . bart and cole hi. hey . david man , it 's be a long time since we all meet as kid . what be you guy up to ? cole not much . aunt martha this economy have just tore up hawthorne , davey . thing be hard for young man . david yeah , I be in the home theater and electronics business myself . Rough time , I 'il tell you that . uncle ray Cole here do some jail . aunt martha do not bring that up . cole bitch lie through she tooth . aunt martha I will not allow that kind of language in my house . cole sorry , Mom . aunt martha ( to Woody and David ) now , boy , you sit down . you must be starve . I make sandwich . Woody and David sit as martha head to the kitchen . 24 . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) bart so how long have it take you to get here ? david I do not know . we get sort of waylaid in rapid City . that 's where dad have he little accident . bart but how long total ? david oh , couple of day , I guess . bart from billing ? how far 's that ? david probably about 750 mile . cole it take you two day to drive 750 mile ? what be you drive , a dump truck or something ? david it 's a subaru . Outback . bart Hell , I drive up from Dallas one time . that 's 850 mile . I do that in eight hour . david that 's over 100 mile a hour . cole Bart be movin’ . aunt martha here you go , boy . dig in . bart shit , two day from Montana . sombitch must have be drivin’ in reverse . aunt martha ( 0.s. ) boy , language ! 25 . 34 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) int . ray and martha 's dine room - day the reunite family sit silently in the parlor . then -- aunt martha Ray 's foot 's be 's bother he , be not that right ? uncle ray it 's okay . it just hurt . David notice that Woody 's be stare off into space . david do you get that , dad ? dad ? woody what ? david uncle Ray 's foot hurt . woody I know . david ( to Ray ) everything else good , though ? uncle ray not really . David take a sip of the off-brand soda in he hand . aunt martha kate say they get Ross on the news out there . say he 's do real good . david yep . yeah , he 's do great . aunt martha good for he . he be always quite a go-getter , be not he ? david yep . bart two goddamn day from billing ! Bart and Cole laugh . 26 . 34 35 36 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 27 . ext . downtown hawthorne - day 35 as Woody walk David along the storefront of he early life , he betray not a shred of nostalgia . woody rottle 's clothing use to be here . ( a antique store ) that be the bank . david must have change a lot since you day . Woody do not answer . they continue to walk in silence as David try to imagine Woody 's impression . eventually Woody lead David across the street to -- ext . service station - continuous 36 Woody poke he head into the service bay , where two mexican mechanic work on a car . woody I use to own this garage . david own it ? I think the air compressor guy do . woody Ed pegram . david yeah , I think he own it . woody we be partner . david huh . what happen ? woody I sell it to he . david for how much ? woody eight hundred . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 28 . david you sell he half of a business for eight hundred dollar ? woody that be a lot of money back then . big mechanic you need something ? david my dad here use to own this place . big mechanic oh yeah ? Woody and David enter . Woody step to the car they be work on and peer under the hood . woody so what you fella have go on here ? SMALL mechanic oh , we just replace the transmission cooler line . woody do you know Ed pegram ? big mechanic who ? woody Ed pegram . use to own this place too . they look at each other and shake they head . woody ( cont ’d ) ( to small mechanic ) glass ! you be use the wrong wrench . david come on , dad . let 's get go . ( to the mechanic ) good talk to you . the mechanic stare after David and Woody as they walk away . woody that moron be use the wrong wrench . 37 38 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 29 , ext . downtown hawthorne - day 37 they continue they stroll until happen upon the sodbuster bar . Woody stop . woody let 's see if there 's anyone I know . int . sodbuster SALOON - day 38 Inside , Woody make a perfunctory scan for familiar face , but it 's practically empty . * david pretty quiet in here . David start toward the door , but with automatic reflex Woody take a seat at the bar . David reluctantly follow -- what the hell ? a perky , earthy female bartender come over . bartender hi , boy . what can I get you today ? woody beer . bartender what kind of beer you want ? woody anything 's fine . coor if you get it . david I 'il have a Mountain Dew . bartender Fresh out of coor . do not come in * till Monday . * woody * Bud then . * bartender * Bud and a Dew . * woody * Tom varnik still own this place ? Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 29a. bartender never hear of he . must be before my time . woody ( to David ) I use to know everybody in here . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 30 . david be this where you have you first drink ? woody no , dad use to let I sip he beer . david so I guess you keep up that fine family tradition with Ross and I . woody you like it , as I recall . david I be like six . woody a sip of beer be not go to kill you when you be only six . I think you drank . come on , have a beer with you old man . david I have be try to give it up . woody what for ? david I be start to ... it just be not help . woody I suppose now you be okay . the bartender set the drink down . david say , could I have a beer too ? bartender you betcha . david go to drink with my dad . later - at a booth - dusk empty bottle on the table , dimmer light from outside , and more patron in the bar suggest time have pass . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 31 . Woody be about the same , but David be a little drunk . he finish a beer and have another on deck . david do you and Mom use to come here ? woody sure . david I do not tell you that noél and I break up . woody how 's that ? david noél -- you know , the girl I have be live with for the past two year . she move out . we break up . woody ( no idea ) oh. david maybe I should have ask she to get marry , I do not know . I just ... I just never feel sure , you know what I mean ? how be you suppose to know when you be sure ? be you sure ? woody how 's that ? david how do you and Mom end up get marry ? woody she want to . david you do not ? Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) woody I figure what the hell . david be you ever sorry you marry she ? woody all the time . David sip he beer , eager to take this in . woody ( cont ’d ) it could have be worse . david you must have be in love . at least at first . woody never come up . david do you ever talk about have kid -- how many you want , stuff like that ? woody nope . david then why do you have we ? woody I want to screw , and you mother 's Catholic , so you figure it out . david so you and Mom never actually talk about whether you want kid or not ? woody I figure if we keep on screwin’ , we would end up with a couple of you . David try to keep from flinching . david do you ever think about leave she ? 32 . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) woody I have just end up with somebody else who give I shit all the time . david I have say she 's put up with you drink all this year . woody I do not drink that much . david you be a alcoholic . woody bullshit . david what do you mean , bullshit ? I know you have a problem when I be eight . I use to watch you hide you booze in the garage . woody you steal it . I figure it be you . you cost I a lot of money david yeah , I pour it out . I be sick of see you drunk all the time . woody you would never catch you brother sneaking around like that . I serve my country , I pay my tax . it 's my right to do whatever the goddamn hell I want . david so I guess you do drink . woody a little . david a lot . woody all right , so I like to drink , goddammit ! so what ? you do what you want , and so do I . you have drink too if you be marry to you mother . ( more ) 33 . * 39 40 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 34 . woody ( cont 'd ) it be not you job to tell I what to do , you little cocksucker ! Woody get up and leave the bar . David blink a few time at the outburst , slap money on the table and run out . ext . downtown hawthorne - twilight 39 David catch up to Woody , stride down the sidewalk . david dad ? woody what ? neither know what to say for a moment , and they look away from each other . david shall I take you back to Ray and martha 's ? woody I do not know . they look down the street , where the only light be the flash sign for the blinker tavern . Woody start toward the blink light . David follow . int . blinker tavern - night 40 they enter this bar , much more active than the sodbuster . Woody spot none other than ed pegram sit with a couple of buddy and head over . woody say , do not you owe I a couple of buck ? it take Ed a couple of second to believe he eye . ed pegram Christ almighty , it 's Woody grant ! how the hell be you ? do not think I have ever see you back in hawthorne . fellas , this be my old buddy Woody . slide over , will you ? let 's make room . 4l 42 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 35 . Ed 's about 65 and be big and rough-looking . Woody take a seat , leave David stand awkwardly . ed pegram ( cont ’d ) Jesus Christ , Woody . how the hell you be ? woody pretty good . ed pegram yeah , I too . can not complain . Boy , long time , Woody . Long time . woody yeah . david hi , I be David . Woody 's son . how be you , Ed ? ed pegram davey ? no shit . last time I see you , you be just a little shaver . how you do there , guy ? I use to give you candy bar at the garage when you be only about this high . david thank you . and apparently my dad use to give you air compressor . ed pegram how 's that ? david nothing . dad , I be go to the bathroom . ( lean over to whisper ) for God 's sake , do not say anything about the money . Woody nod . int . bathroom - night 41 as David go about he business , he hear cheer . int . blinker tavern - night 42 David emerge from the bathroom to a boisterous tavern . 43 a44 44 45 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 36 . ed pegram goddamn , Woody grant 's a millionaire ! who would have think it ? this round 's on Woody ! hee ha ! Woody beam . David stare in disbelief . ext . ray and martha 's house - night 43 David 's suzuki arrive outside and park . Woody be apparently so drunk that David have to go around and pull he out of the passenger side before guide he by the shoulder into the house . david come on , dad . that 's it . woody do you see the look on they face ? david yes , I see . woody I say , do you see the look on that fella 's face ? they go inside and close the door behind they . int . ray and martha 's spare bedroom - night a44 David lie awake on the trundle bed while Woody snore away on the bed above . montage -- 44 of hawthorne and its environ awaken to a new day -- image of rural beauty and small - town decay . int . ray and martha 's kitchen - day 45 hungover , David and Woody enter to find Ray , Bart and Cole seat at the table while aunt martha cook breakfast . aunt martha Morning , boy . slept in a little late , do not you ? Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 36a . david Morning . as they sit -- Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 37 . aunt martha hungry ? david yeah , but it have be great if you have some coffee . he stop short as he notice that he uncle and cousin be stare at Woody and he with goofy grin . uncle ray get a call from lowell meyerson this morning . aunt martha and Mary jurak . Woody here 's the talk of the town . david be that right ? aunt martha why do not you tell we you be rich , Woody ? woody David say not to . david he 's not rich . uncle ray you could have tell we the real reason you be come through town . aunt martha we be just tickle for you . bart you get it on you ? cole yeah , I would like to see what a million buck look like . david it 's not , see , it 's not like that really . cole what 's it like then , really ? Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) woody we have to go to lincoln to get it . bart goddamn , you win the powerball ? cole show we the ticket . Woody start to reach into he pocket , but David stop david honestly , he do not win anything . woody I do not win anything . uncle ray I do not blame you , Woody . I would not broadcast it either , not till I have it in the bank . do not want to attract buzzard neither . cole hey , Bart and I ’1ll drive you . bart sure , we could get you to lincoln in a hour . david lincoln 's over 200 mile . bart okay , hour and a half . what would it take you ? uncle ray must be nice win that kind of scratch . we be real proud of you . and I know ma and pa would have be real proud too . cole shit yeah , must be nice . David look at he withere , unshaven father . david be it nice , dad ? 38 . he . 46 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) woody be what nice ? david win all that money . Woody take in all the face look at he . woody yeah , it 's pretty nice . montage -- -- hawthorne 's lone stoplight blink and blink . -- wind rustle through the weep willow tree at the hawthorne cemetery . ext . hawthorne bus depot - day it 's not much of a depot -- just a bench outside a post office . David sit wait with Woody . bernie bowen amble up . bernie bowen hey there , Woody . remember I ? Woody do not look too sure . bernie bowen ( cont 'd ) bernie Bowen . how you do ? woody pretty good . bernie bowen that 's what I hear ! everybody 's sayin 's how Woody grant 's a millionaire . why , that 's the most exciting news around here for age . woody it 's no big deal . 39 . 46 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 40 . bernie bowen no big deal ? sheesh , there 's a guy live the life of Reilly -- a million here , a million there . why , the newspaper 's go to do a big write - up on you ! woody I 'il get my picture in the paper ? bernie bowen you bet you will ! David be beginning to realize that there 's little use try to stop this train . a bus turn onto the street and approach the curb . david dad , here 's the bus . bernie bowen okay , well , good seein 's you there , Woody . we be all real happy for you and real pleased you think to stop back home and share the big news . woody thanks , bernie . bernie bowen watch you wallet ! moment later -- kate get off the bus and examine Woody 's bandage forehead . kate you both look like hell . woody I be fine . kate like hell you be . you look like a old drunk . you be lucky you be not dead . woody I have not be drink . 41 . kate that 's what you say on we first date . ( to David ) and you , have you go bananas ? almost get you father kill over some cockamamie pot of gold . as the bus depart , David take he mother 's elbow and lead she a few step away from Woody . david listen , go easy , okay ? you and I both know it 's not about the money . it 's about ... you know , how much longer be he go to be around -- at least semi-coherently ? what 's the harm in let he have he little fantasy for a couple more day ? kate you and Ross always fretting over you father . what about I ? how about take I out to see my sister in eau Claire ? you father do not even know what the hell 's go on around he half the time . ( turn ) do you , Woody ? woody do I what ? kate know what 's go on around you . Woody 's unsure how to answer -- he look at she , look around the depot area , then back at she . kate ( cont 'd ) ( to David ) you watch it , or that 's what you be go to turn into . now take I to the cemetery . I want to pay my respects . david martha say she have have lunch ready . kate martha can wait . kate march away . David think better of argue . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 42. 47 ext . hawthorne cemetery - day 47 Flowers in hand , kate offer a run commentary as she lead Woody and David slowly past the headstone . kate that 's Woody 's mother Sara . she hate I because she want he to marry someone who have milk the cow , but I say I be not fiddlin’ with no cow titty . I be a city girl . the good lord do not do Sara any favor in the look department . more a man 's face than a woman 's , really . I be pretty , so she resent I . you know you mother be ugly , right , Woody ? Woody look at kate , then stare at he mother 's grave . david how do she die ? kate saw herself in the mirror one day ! no , cancer . ( move on ) and there 's the old swede tolf . a good man , you grandpa . never say much . that farm just ruin he . ( to Woody ) you be lucky I take you away from there . Woody nod slightly as he look at he father 's leaf - cover grave . kate ( cont 'd ) that 's Woody 's brother David . you be name after he . he die of scarlet fever when he be only two . Woody sleep in the same bed with he but never get it . David contemplate the sight of he own name on a headstone . kate ( cont 'd ) here 's Woody 's little sister Rose . she be only nineteen when she get kill in a car wreck near wausa . ( more ) 48 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 43. kate ( cont 'd ) what a whore . I like Rose , but my God , she be a slut . david Mom , come on . kate I be just tell the truth . she be screwing guy in back of the hawthorne creamery when she be only ... ( a whisper ) ... fifteen . david where 's you family ? kate they be over at the Catholic cemetery . we will go there later . Catholic would not be catch dead around all this damn lutheran . now there 's delmer , Woody 's cousin . he be a drunk . one time we be wrastlin 's and he feel I up . grab a handful of boob , and Woody be right there and do not have a clue , do you , Woody ? david Jesus , Mom . kate my goodness , I do not know keith White be here . when do he die ? keith White . he want in my pants too , but oh , he be so boring . hear enough , Woody and David head toward the car . kate remain at keith 's grave and pull she dress up . kate ( cont 'd ) see what you could have have , keith , if you have not talk about wheat all the time ? int . ray and martha 's kitchen - day 48 kate and martha talk while Ray and Woody sit silent . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 44 , kate Peggy get knock up again ? at she age ? that old cow must be fifty . aunt martha she just look fifty . that 's what pig farming will do to you . 49 ext . ray and martha 's porch - day 49 David sit with he cousin Cole and Bart . no one speak for a moment . then -- bart you get any other car ? david no , just that one . bart what 's the engine ? david it 's , uh , a four-cylinder . bart yeah , but what size ? david I do not really know . cole what 's you brother drive ? david who , Ross ? cole yeah , what 's he drive ? david he have a Kia sedona , and marcie 's get a Nissan pathfinder . she cart the kid around a lot . bart so you all get jap car ? david actually , Kia be Korean . 50 51 52 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 45 . this clarification be meet with a hostile , blank stare . * just then a high school kid with a camera pull up on a bicycle . high school kid hey , be this where I can find Mr. Woody grant ? cole who want to know ? high school kid I be send by Mrs. nagy over at the hawthorne Republican to take he * picture . cole come on in . he 's right inside . high school kid and they want he to be sure to come by the office for a interview . bart ( open the screen door ) hey , uncle Woody ! ext . ray and martha 's front yard - day 50 close on woody look directly into the camera with a grin on he face . * the high school kid focus and shoot as the other grant watch from the porch . * david * look concerned . * ext . downtown hawthorne - day 51 David park he car and head inside of the -- int . cedar county record - continuous 52 it 's a small office . except for a few computer , it could be 1960 . a older woman -- peg nagy -- type at a desk . david Excuse I . Mrs. nagy ? Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) peg nagy yes ? david I be David grant , Woody 's son . peg nagy well , I be very pleased to meet you . you father be certainly quite the celebrity around here . do parker show up to take he picture ? david that 's what I come to tell you about . dad do not win any lottery or sweepstake or anything . he 's a little confuse about something he get in the mail , and it 's get way out of hand . peg nagy so he do not win a million dollar ? david no , mar ’am . peg nagy just go to show you some thing never change . he be always a little confuse . david you know my dad ? peg nagy it 's all ancient history , of course , and I do not want to speak out of turn , but Woody and I use to go together . david you be he girlfriend ? peg nagy that 's right . david what happen ? peg nagy you mother be what happen . how be kate ? 46 . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 46a. david Fine . she 's here too . 47 . peg nagy you tell she peg Bender say hello . david she will not slap I , will she ? peg nagy why would she ? she win . David look at she . she smile wistfully . peg nagy ( cont 'd ) Water under the bridge . do not get I wrong , I marry a wonderful man -- we run this paper together until he die -- have three child , eight grandchild . I have get no complaint . david be he drink back then ? peg nagy of course he be . it happen early around here . there be not much else to do . nowadays , of course , it 's not just booze but all that other stuff . for Woody it get bad after Korea . he have a hard time over there . david I think he be just a mechanic . peg nagy oh , he be , for the army plane . but he be shot down while be transfer . you know that , right ? David look at she with a puzzle expression . later -- peg leaf through a bound newspaper archive from the 1950s . peg nagy ( cont 'd ) here it be . Woody , verne , and Albert . a headline read '' grant boy return from the fight '' above photo of 20 - year - old Woody and two of he brother . david they look like kid . 53 54 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 48. peg nagy you dad be never much of a talker , and when he come back he hardly say a word . but always very kind . people take advantage of he . he could not turn down a favor . david well , now that everyone think he 's a millionaire , he 's a big hero around here . peg nagy I be sorry I can not print that he be , but I will not print that he be not either . i’11 just do a little story on he and kate stop through town . david hard to imagine you and my mother fight over the same man . peg nagy I know I do not have a chance anyway . david yeah ? peg nagy I would not let he round the basis . David take in this woman , wonder for a moment what he would be like if this woman have be he mother . ext . steakhouse - night 53 establish . it 's karaoke night . int . steakhouse - night 54 David and someone 's the other he parent sit at a table read they menus . sing at the little stage near the salad bar in room . kate what be you have , old man ? woody meat loaf . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 49 , kate you be stare at the menu for ten minute . where do it say meat loaf ? woody they should have meat loaf . kate well , they do not , so pick something else . the waitress appear . waitress be we ready to order ? kate I know it . david dad , do you know what you want ? woody do you have meat loaf ? kate roll she eye . waitress no , I be sorry , we do not . that 's only on the lunch buffet . woody Chicken then . waitress do you want the fry chicken , or the flame - broil chicken breast ? woody fry . kate he 'il have the flame- broil . waitress and you , mar ’am ? kate I be think of have the roast beef , but now I be not sure . what do you recommend ? what 's good here ? Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 50 . waitress well , it 's all good , but I be real partial to the tilapia . kate no , I want the roast beef . david I all have the tilapia . waitress do not forget to help yourselves to the soup- and -salad bar . she leave . just then -- a new voice start sing . kate oh my God , that 's Ed pegram sing . they look over and see Ed . he 's not great , but not bad . david maybe we should go ask for the compressor . woody he ’1ll give it back . kate he always have a nice voice . it be the only nice thing about that bastard . woody he 's all right . kate all right ? do you know he be always try to get in my bloomer ? david Jesus , Mom , be the whole town try to seduce you ? kate this boy grow up stare at the rear end of cow and pig . it 's only natural that a real woman 's go to get they chafing they pants . * 51 . david Mom , please do not talk about that kind of stuff right before we eat . kate ( soften ) oh , you be always such a sensitive boy . and such a beautiful boy . why , when you be a baby , people use to stop I on the street and tell I how beautiful you be . a lot of they think you be a girl . be not that right , Woody -- people use to stop I on the street to say how beautiful David be ? woody I dunno . Ed pegram pause sing to make a announcement . ed pegram hey , everybody , we have get a celebrity here -- my old friend and the rich man you have all be hearing about -- Woody grant . Woody , take a bow ! the other diner applaud . Woody look confuse . david stand up , dad . woody what ? kate do not encourage this nonsense . david dad , stand up . it 's for you . kate just do it and get it over with . Woody stand and realize the grow applause be for he . he turn to look at everyone , enjoy this once - in - a - lifetime experience . ed pegram roslyn , you will be get a big tip from that table tonight ! 55 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 52 . kate okay , you ham , that 's enough . she tug he back down into the booth . ed pegram and kate , I guess that make you a millionairess ! why do not you take a bow too , katesy - kate ? kate roll she eye before get up and go through the motion . at first polite , she soon allow herself to bask . int . steakhouse bathroom - night 55 David be wash he hand when Ed pegram enter . ed pegram hey there , little davey . I be hope to run into you . david yeah , big Ed . what can I do for you ? ed pegram I want you to know I think the world of Woody . always a good man . david thank you . ed pegram heart of gold . no secret , though , Woody drank quite a bit when we have the garage . mess up a lot of job and let a lot of money walk . he be older than I , kind of like a big brother , Korea vet , the whole nine yard . I want to show he some respect , and I loan he a ton of dough I never see again . so see as how he 's come into some cash lately , some no - foolin’ - around cash he do not even have to work for , seem to I it would only be fair to settle up . david you want you $ 800 back ? ed pegram Woody owe I a lot more than that . 56 53 . david I be sorry to break it to you , but my dad do not actually win anything . it 's all a big misunderstanding . you know Woody . you can understand that . ed pegram right , so you be all head to lincoln to visit the roller-skating museum . look , davey , I really do not want to bring a lawyer in on this . david lawyer ? what 's the statute of limitation on bullshit ? Ed lay a arm on David 's shoulder . ed pegram I be a man with a real strong sense of right and wrong . and if Woody hit it rich and I do not see any of it , well , that 's wrong . and I will make it right . david be you threaten my family ? Ed withdraw he arm and grin . ed pegram threaten ? no , that would be wrong . hey , I be the victim here . just food for think . now , if you will excuse I , I get to take a leak real bad . you know beer -- you just rent the stuff . Ed take a stand at the ice-filled urinal . David leave . int . steakhouse lounge - night 56 David return to find he parent finish a conversation with old friend dale and kathy slaasted . dale great to see you again , Woody . we be real happy for you . buy a boat and go fishin 's -- that 's what I would do . 54 . woody I just might . kate David , you probably do not remember Kathy and Dale slaasted . david hi , how be you ? kathy oh , David grant , I never would have recognize you in a million year , how you have grow . you be such a beautiful little boy . kate I keep tell he . ( to David ) you see ? kathy like a little prince make out of porcelain . david thank you . kathy okay now . you all take care . enjoy spend the loot . the slaasted leave . David sit . david I just have a interesting conversation with Ed pegram in the man 's room . kate what do he want ? david some of dad 's money . kate Lord almighty , that man 's brain keep get smaller , and he ball keep get bigger . woody I can lend he a couple of buck if he 's hard up . 57 58 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 55 . kate like hell you will . ext . ray and martha 's house - night 57 establish . int . ray and martha 's spare bedroom - night 58 David wake up , need a moment to realize where he be - on a trundle bed beneath the bed where he parent lie asleep . he sit up and watch they , wonder who this people assign to be he parent really be , and how absurd it be for a 40 - year - old man to be sleep next to he parent . he lie back down and close he eye . the next morning -- Hair dishevel and face unshaven , Woody , look into camera . woody wake up . hey you , wake up . wake up now . David groggily come to , cough . david what 's up , dad ? what 's wrong ? woody be we go to lincoln today ? david tomorrow . woody why not today ? david today 's Sunday . lincoln 's close . and all you brother be come over today , remember ? woody some of they be dead . david the dead one will not be here . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 56 . woody oh . but goddammit , if I do not get to that money , they will give it to somebody else ! David crawl out of bed . david say , dad , do you remember a gal you use to go out with name peg Bender ? woody when ? david last week . what do you mean when ? year ago , before you be marry . peg Bender . woody I do not know . why ? Woody look at the ground , then turn to leave . woody ( cont ’d ) that be a long time ago . what be you bring that up for ? 59 int . ray and martha 's live room - day 59 a pro football game be on tv . David sit among Woody and five of he brother -- Ray , verne , carl , cecil , and albert , all in they 60 and 70 . a couple of other male cousins be there too -- one name randy -- but no Cole and Bart . 60 int . ray and martha 's kitchen - day 60 the kitchen be abuzz as the grant wife prepare supper -- kate , aunt martha , aunt betty and aunt flo . maybe there 's another middle - age daughter or two . aunt betty I do not see you boy out there , martha . where be Cole and Bart ? 57 . aunt martha oh , they be out volunteering today . pick up trash out by the highway . aunt betty that 's nice . aunt martha they x11 be back for supper . kate it 's community service . on account of Cole 's rape . aunt martha sex assault . not rape . kate what 's the difference ? aunt martha there 's a big difference . Cole can explain it better than I can . and Bart do not have to be there . he 's volunteering . aunt flo oh , that 's nice . 61 int . ray and martha 's live room - day 61 the man continue sip they beer in front of the tv . uncle ray verne , you still drive that chevy ? uncle verne the what ? uncle ray the chevy . that impala you use to have . uncle verne I never have a impala . uncle ray Hell , I do not know what it be then . silence as they watch a incomplete pass . 58 . uncle verne I have a buick . uncle ray that 's what it be . you still drive that ? uncle verne I have not have that for year . uncle ray I think you still have it . David blink in disbelief at this conversation . uncle cecil that be a ' 78 , be not it ? uncle verne ' 79 . uncle cecil ' 79 . that be good car . uncle verne it be okay . uncle ray they do not make ‘em like that anymore . that car 's 1ll run forever . whatever happen to it ? uncle verne stop runnin’ . uncle ray well , they 's 1l do that . a knock on the front door . uncle ray ( cont ’d ) come in . David 's brother Ross enter . ross hey , everybody . woody hi , Ross . the other uncle and cousin chime in with grunt hellos , although no one get up . Ross turn he attention to the tv. Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 59 . david how about marcie and the kid ? ross dance recital . who 's play ? cousin randy philadelphia-miami . david how long do it take you to drive ? all turn they head to Ross , wait for the answer . 62 int . ray and martha 's kitchen - day 62 it continue . aunt martha Sharon 's kid be always in trouble . and she 's get really big -- she 's gotta be at least -- no offense , Betty -- how much do you beverly weigh ? aunt betty about one - ninety . aunt martha well , I guess she 's around that , but you know she have a much smaller frame so it really show up on she . kate you be not serious . aunt martha oh , I be serious , you should see she . she be fat . 63 int . ray and martha 's dine room - day 63 the extend family eat elbow - to - elbow around the table . Cole and Bart have return . cousin randy so uncle Woody , you talk to the newspaper yet ? woody not yet , but they have a kid come by and take my picture . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 60 . david I go by the office , give ‘em the lowdown . aunt flo what 's it like be a millionaire , Woody ? woody it 's okay . aunt flo a million dollar . can you beat that ? uncle verne let 's all raise a glass to Woody and kate here . they unceremoniously clink they glass and beer together and resume eat . Ross look at kate , who roll she eye , helpless to fight the tide . ross not try to be a spoil - sport here , but you all know this be bull , right ? my dad do not win anything . cole Nice try , Ross . bart we be way beyond that . kate ( almost contrite ) Ross be right . he do not . aunt betty try to keep it quiet so everybody do not come look for a handout , huh , kate ? good for you . uncle cecil no , that 's right . Woody 's not a millionaire yet . let 's all remember that . but tomorrow 's a different story . 61 . aunt flo what 's the first thing you be go to do with the money ? the very first thing . woody get a truck . and a compressor . uncle verne what the hell you want with a compressor ? woody I need it to paint . aunt betty be you still work , Woody ? woody no. david he just need to replace the compressor Ed pegram steal . uncle cecil why do not you just get it back from he while you be here in town ? ross you think he still have it ? aunt martha that fool never get rid of nothing . he 's get a barn full of junk . ross David . let 's go get it . david dad , you want to get you old compressor back ? woody I do not care . kate you boy will do no such thing . get yourselves shot for a old piece of garbage . be I the only sane one in this family ? 64 62 . david but hey , Ross , I be think we could take a drive later to see dad 's old house , the old grant house . ross be it still there ? uncle ray Dan conway farm the place , but he never tore it down . it 's still sittin’ there . kate why would you want to waste you time see that ? must be fill with rat . david dad , would you like to take a drive later to see the old homestead ? woody the what ? ross David and I want to see where you grow up . woody what for ? ext . ray and martha 's house - day 64 the relative sit on the porch . Albert sit in a chair near the street . Ross and David wander out onto the front yard . ross what 's uncle Albert do ? david watch car go by . they look -- there be no car . david ( cont 'd ) remember when they come up to visit when we be kid , and he have take a chair out in the front yard every evening to watch the road ? Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 63 . aunt Betty approach with son randy . behind they Bart and Cole amble down the porch stair but for the moment maintain a respectful distance . aunt betty it sure be good to see you boy again . we really can not let so much time pass again . david yeah . ross thanks , aunt Betty . great to see you too . aunt betty you know , there 's something that 's hard to bring up , but we think it deserve mention . david what 's that ? aunt Betty seem uncomfortable , so Randy take the lead . cousin randy you may not know it , but uncle Woody use to have a lot of money problem , and family member would help he out from time to time . so in light of he good fortune , well , we think you family might want to make thing right . david ( glance at Ross ) I have be hearing that a lot lately . bart you know , Cole 's and my folk would not never say nothin’ if it be just for they . but they be gonna need in on this deal too . ross be you say you want money from we ? cousin randy we just figure that seein 's how the family help Woody out and all , kind of keep he on he foot ... Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 64 . aunt betty verne and I loan Woody quite a bit , and it be not like we be rich . but he be my brother - in - law , and we could not bear to see you family suffer . ross aunt Betty , guy , look . honestly , for real . Woody do not win anything . it 's a total sham . bart you be a damn liar ! cole do not feed we any of you bullshit , Ross . ross you wanna go ? cole let 's do it ! Ross and Cole make at each other like rooster , push and shove . all the other relative look , even uncle Albert , now twist around in he chair . ross just watch the face , okay ? I be on tv . kate ( rush over ) what 's go on ? have you boy lose you mind ? david aunt Betty and she henchmen here be ask for reparation . kate for what ? ross they be after dad 's '' winning . '' they say he owe they money . bart see ? there be money . 65 . kate owe they money ? what on Earth be you talk about , Betty ? aunt betty now , kate , you know we use to help you and Woody out when he be drink up everything he earn . kate you know as well as I do it be the other way around . you be always have he work on you car for free , get free gas -- cousin randy aunt kate , we be not ask for much . just a token . kate I keep record . the money you give he do not come close to what you owed . he could not say no to anybody , and it ruin he . aunt betty I think you be have a senior moment here , kate . where do you think all that money come from when you get a bee in you bonnet to move to billing and open a salon ? kate from my folk when they croak , that 's where ! I can not believe the nerve of you people . usually a person have to die before the vulture start circle . cousin randy calm down , aunt Katie . we do not mean nothin’ by it . we be just do you a courtesy before we talk to Woody direct . kate do not you dare think about ask that poor man for money . bart he be not poor . he 's rich . 65 66 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 66 . kate even if he be , he would not give you a bless penny . I would put my foot down . cole maybe it be not up to you , aunt kate . kate that 's enough ! you listen real good ! you can all just ... ( lean in ) .».. go fuck yourselves ! a stunne silence . kate ( cont 'd ) ( to Ross and David ) boy , get you dad . ext . abandoned farmhouse - day 65 the late afternoon be overcast and windy . Ross 's car move slowly up a dirt driveway toward a dilapidate two -story house on the verge of collapse . all the window be go or break . weed and bush grow tall around it . David , kate and Ross get out . last to emerge be Woody , who remain next to the car look at where he grow up . they walk up the porch step and , amid lot of fly , force open the door . int . abandoned farmhouse - continuous 66 the inside be a wreck . still , the floor be solid . david what do you think , old man ? woody look about the same . kate that 's true . this be about how you mother keep it . woody my dad build it . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 67 . david really ? you mean by himself ? woody yeah . before I be bear . his brother help . Woody walk to a bedroom and peer in from the doorway . woody ( cont ’d ) this be my room . kate that 's where Woody 's brother David die . david ( to Ross ) scarlet fever . dad sleep with he in the same bed . ( to Woody ) do you remember that , dad ? woody I be there . ross how old be you ? woody Seven . ross why have they let he sleep with you ? woody they do not know what it be . david you be lucky you never get it . woody I guess . Woody test the wooden stairway , then walk -- upstair - the other follow . the roof have hole , and the patchy floorboard be warpe . Woody enter -- a bedroom - 67 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 68. woody ( cont ’d ) this be my parent 's room . I have get whipped if they find I in here . ( take it in ) guess nobody 's go to whip I now . he go to a wall open a closet and peer inside . woody ( cont 'd ) my dad build all of this . kate tolf be good with he hand , all right . I wish we home be build half as good . Woody walk to a window and point outside . woody the barn 's still stand . ext . abandoned farmhouse - day 67 Woody stand alone at the edge of a field , lose in think . David approach but stop just behind Woody , allow he father a moment . then -- david see enough ? woody I suppose . it 's just a bunch of old wood and some weed . neither move . woody ( cont ’d ) over there 's where I find the hail adjuster 's knife . david the what ? woody the hail adjuster come out after a storm . cecil and I and my dad go over there with he and he cut off some oat to check ‘em for hail damage . but they be too damage . Said he would not pay . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 69 . david why not ? woody Said it must have be something besides hail do that , but he just do not want to pay . david how could he get away with that ? woody oh , they be all cheap , lyin’ bastard . so when we start back , I see he knife there , and I pick it up and take it to he . my dad be ready to kill I . Said the moron do not deserve to have he knife back . they look out across the field of corn stubble . david do you ever want to farm like you dad ? woody I do not remember . it do not matter . david what happen when you parent die ? do you kid sell the place ? woody be not ours . david whose be it ? woody some banker own it . we just rent . david you dad build a house on land he do not own ? woody we have to sleep somewhere . 68 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 70 . david if you could do it all over , would you have stay out here and farme ? Woody suddenly set out toward the car . woody can not do it all over . can not do none of it over . int . ross 's car - rural road - day 68 Ross and David sit up front . headed back to town , they drive past more farm . kate there 's the o’hare farm . she 's dead . he 's in a nursing home in Valentine . one of they little brat still life there . oh , and that 's Ed pegram 's place on the right . Ross hit the brake . kate ( cont 'd ) what nre you do ? once the car stop , he and David look at the house and at each other . david let 's do it . ross we be right here . kate what be you boy up to now ? ross we be just go to talk to he . kate you be ask for trouble . david hey , dad , do not you want to see if he still have you compressor ? Woody twist he head around , try to figure out what 's go on . Ross reverse and then head up the driveway . 69 70 71 . ext . farmhouse - day 69 the car stop . Ross and David emerge and walk up to the front door . David knock . moment later they walk to the barn . Woody and kate watch from the backseat . kate what in the hell be they do ? ( yell out the window ) will you two knock off this foolishness ? David open the barn door , and the two of they go inside . moment later they come out lug a rusty old air compressor . Ross open the back of the car . they put the compressor inside , jump in the car , and Ross speed away . int . ross 's car - rural road - day 70 beam and out of breath , David turn around to Woody . david dad , you finally get you compressor back . woody that 's not my compressor . david sure it be . woody mine do not look anything like that . david it have to be yours . it 's a old compressor we find in Ed pegram 's barn . woody that be not Ed 's barn . ross what be you talk about ? woody that 's the westendorf place . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 72 . kate oh , that 's right . Ross slow the car . kate ( cont 'd ) right , the pegram live closer to town . I get confuse . Ed and he wife dorothy . God , what a pig she be . david anything you want to say about the westendorfs ? kate no , they be good folk . releasing a loud exhale , Ross look at David and start turn the car around . kate ( cont 'd ) they have some tough time . lose a child . almost go break , but they work hard and save the farm . Salt of the earth , the westendorfs . they really do not deserve you boy do that to they . david ( to Woody ) why do not you tell we that be not Ed 's house ? woody I do not know what the hell you be do . ross have you ever see we steal machinery before ? woody I never know what you boy be up to . ross why do not you say it be not yours ? woody I think you want it . 71 ext . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 73. ross why would we want a old compressor ? woody that 's what I could not figure out . farmhouse - day 71 back in the driveway , David and Ross return the compressor into the barn . meanwhile , another car come up the driveway . GEORGE and jean westendorf get out and approach Ross 's car to find Woody and kate in the back seat . kate hi , George . hi , Jean . remember we ? kate and Woody grant ? GEORGE westendorf oh , sure . how you doin 's ? kate just fine . we be pass by , so we think we have stop in . have not be in hawthorne for a long time . jean westendorf what be you do in the back seat ? kate oh , we just think we have rest back here until you show up . jean westendorf would you like to come in ? kate sorry , but we just have time to say hi and get go . GEORGE westendorf hi there , Woody . how 's it goin 's ? woody Fine . how’re you , George ? GEORGE westendorf get by . you still up there in Montana ? 72 73 74 75 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 74 . woody yep . GEORGE westendorf billing , be not it ? woody that 's right . jean westendorf still do hair out there , kate ? kate no , I let that go . they all stare at one another . GEORGE westendorf ( slapping the car ) well , good to see you folk . kate I would better get up front and drive we back to town . she get out , say goodbye to the westendorfs , and climb in the front seat . int . SMALL barn - continuous 72 through crack in the door , Ross and David watch the westendorfs head inside the house as kate sloppily maneuver the car down the driveway . ext . westendorf farmhouse - continuous 73 just as the westendorfs close they door , Ross and David come sprinting out of the barn . ext . rural road - day 74 the car roll slowly down the gravel road . Ross and David burst out of the bush . the car stop , and the boy climb inside . int . ross 's car - rural road - day 75 Ross sit next to kate up front , David in the back with Woody . 76 77 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 75 . david you be right , Mom . the westendorfs look like real nice people . kate I try to tell you . what do you want to do now , bust into a silo and steal some corn ? ext . blinker tavern - night 76 establish . int . blinker tavern - night 77 David and Woody sit across from each other in a booth . Woody finish a beer , David a Mountain Dew . woody what time we gettin’ on the road tomorrow ? david I think eight sound about right . Woody nod . david ( cont 'd ) you want another beer ? woody I suppose . suddenly a slightly drunk Ed pegram shove David over and take a seat . ed pegram hey there , davey - boy , make room . how 's it go , cowboy ? david it be go fine . ed pegram Woody . woody ed. Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 76 . ed pegram well , enough of this chit-chat . time to get down to business . Woody , I try to tell you boy here you would not mind use some of you winning to even the score with you old pal Ed . Woody pull out he wallet . woody how much do you need ? I gota twenty . ed pegram a twenty ? oh , no , no , no , no . I be thinkin’ more along the line of , say , ten grand . david give he ten grand , dad . woody I do not get it yet . ed pegram Woody , I always think we be friend . remember , I be the one who convinced you to stay with kate . huh ? ed pegram ( cont ’d ) oh yeah , davey . you old man be think of get a divorce because he be screwing some half - breed from the reservation . think he be in love . ai not that right , Woody ? Woody stare at the table . david when be this ? ed pegram after Ross be bear . before you . Hell , if it be not for I , you probably would not be here . back then divorce be a sin . now I guess it 's okay . God must have change he mind or something . ( more ) 78 79 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 77 . ed pegram ( cont 'd ) although I do not really blame you , Woody , consider kate 's such a bitch . David glare at Ed as though he could hit he . david get the hell away from we . ed pegram I want that money . david move. ed pegram okay , little davey . have it you way . but this be the last time eddie- boy play nice . Ed get up and stroll out of the tavern as though make a little show of it . David look at Woody , who continue to stare at the table . ext . blinker tavern - night 78 Woody and David leave the tavern and head to the car . suddenly two men wearing hood run up from behind , grab Woody and David and shove they to the ground . one of the man reach into Woody 's jacket and grab the sweepstake envelope before they run off into the dark . david be you all right ? woody they take my letter . David climb to he foot to help he father . ext . ray and martha 's house - night 79 David guide a unsteady Woody toward the house . david hold on a second . do not move . David go over and put he hand on the hood of Cole and Bart 's pick -up . then he look up at the light in they bedroom . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 80 int . ray and martha 's house upstair - night David knock on a Cole 's door . Bart open it . pornography on he computer -- we can hear it . bart oh , hey , David . david where be it ? bart where 's what ? david just give it back . cole do not know what you be talk about , buddy . Bart , do you know ? bart course not . david where be it ? finally -- cole we do not get it . bart shut the hell up , Cole . cole we toss it when we see how bogus it be . millionaire . what a joke . you people be pathetic . 78 . 80 Cole watch David nod slowly , turn and shut the door behind he . bart ( 0.s. ) fuck he . cole ( 0.s. ) lying to we like we be a bunch of idiot . 81 ext . ray and martha 's live room and dine room - night 81 David wander through the first floor look for he father . * a82 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 78a . david dad ? dad ? finally David turn on the light inside the -- int . ray and martha 's kitchen - continuous a82 -- where he find that Woody have be sit in the dark at the kitchen table , utterly deject , drink a glass of milk . * 82 83 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 79 . david I will not mention any of this to Mom or Ross . we ’1ll just tell they you come to you sense , and we will head back home . sound good ? it 's okay - - at least we have have a little change of scenery . I be happy we get this time together . be not you ? Woody do not move . david ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? ( off Woody 's silence ) you know they be not go to give you that money , right ? Woody can not respond , can not move . David look at he , let out a long sigh . david ( cont 'd ) maybe they drop it . should we go have a look ? Woody stand up , grab he coat , and head for the door . ext . downtown hawthorne - night 82 David and Woody search along the street and sidewalk . david I think it be easier to find you tooth . he watch he father , tireless at he task . david ( cont 'd ) come on , let 's take a break . int . blinker tavern - night 83 as David and Woody enter , Ed pegram be stand by the bar read the sweepstake letter out loud for the benefit of other patron . ed pegram '' congratulation , woodrow T. grant . you may have win one million dollar . '' Big laughter . 84 80 . ed pegram ( cont ’d ) '' just imagine what you could do with one million dollar , woodrow . '' we know what the son of a bitch would do -- buy a truck ! more laughter . Woody remain impassive , but we can see humiliation in he eye . ed pegram ( cont ’d ) '' all you need to do to collect you prize be return this letter to we office , along with you win prize number and a list of the magazine subscription you have like to -- the room have grow silent . Ed look up and join the other stare at Woody and David . ed pegram ( cont 'd ) oh , hey , Woody , I be just lookin’ for you . somebody find you precious sweepstake notice out on the street . Woody slowly approach to retrieve the letter . ed pegram ( cont ’d ) you should take better care of that , buddy . would not want to lose it again . Woody carefully fold the letter and put it back in he pocket . then he walk slowly toward the door as David go up to Ed . after a few moment of stare at Ed , David turn away . then he stop , double back , and punch Ed in the face as hard as he can . Ed fall onto a stool and hug it as he fall to the floor . David walk out . ext . downtown hawthorne - night 84 as they walk toward David 's car , Woody seem dizzy . david be you okay ? woody yeah . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 81 . Woody start walk again but soon stumble , reach out to * David for support . david dad , what 's the matter ? woody just a little dizzy . david we would better get you to a doctor . woody just get I back to the house . we be go to lincoln in the morning . david no , we be not . woody yes , we be . david no , this do it . this be where it stop . woody you promise . david you head 's bust open , and now you can barely stand up . woody I be still go . david goddammit ! you do not win ! can not you get that through you head ? you do not win anything ! and we be not drive all the way to lincoln over a stupid fantasy ! it 's my own damn fault for bring you this far ! Woody slump against a building , look away . david ( cont 'd ) you have get enough money to get by . you can not drive . what 's the point ? woody I want a truck . 82 . david why do you need a truck so bad ? woody just to have it . I always want a brand new truck . david what about the rest of the money ? you do not need a million dollar for a damn pickup truck . Woody be still turn away . woody that money 's for you boy . I want to leave you something . david we be fine , dad . we do not need it . woody I just want to leave you something . David approach he father . david you know if there be any chance you win , I have take you . you know that , right ? woody I guess . david I would not lie to you . woody I know . david the only reason I agree to take you to lincoln be to get out of billing for a while and maybe have some time with you . and to get you to shut up . woody all right . david all right what ? a85 85 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 83. woody I 'il shut up . david what about lincoln ? a short pause before -- woody we do not have to go . David see that Woody be shaking . david let 's get you to a doctor . woody I be not go to another goddamn hospital . int . david 's car - night a85 Woody be collapse against the passenger window as David rush he to -- norfolk -— -- where a sign announce this town of 25,000 people . int . norfolk hospital room - night 85 Woody be propped up on pillow , a iv in he arm . kate and Ross sit watch he sleep . David be in the hall finish a conversation with a doctor , then enter . david they can keep he here until tomorrow afternoon or so . then I guess we will just start drive home . probably see you Tuesday night . ross okay . thanks , David . Mom and I will get a early start tomorrow morning . I get to get back . david yeah . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 83a . kate and I be go to have to listen to he harp about lose out on he fortune for the rest of he life . or my life . he 's go to bury I at this rate . david you guy go ahead and get some sleep . i’11 stay with he tonight . 86 87 88 89 90 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 84 . Ross and kate stand up . kate approach the bed , straighten Woody 's wild hair , and kiss he cheek . kate you big idiot . Ross and kate leave . David sit in the big hospital chair and press the tv remote at Woody 's bedside . dissolve to : int . norfolk hospital room - early morning 86 David wake up and see that Woody 's bed be empty . int . david 's car - outskirt of norfolk - early morning 87 overcast . through David 's windshield , we drive a short while before find Woody -- hospital gown flap beneath he jacket -- up ahead walk on the shoulder of a road . ext . outskirt of norfolk - continuous 88 Woody walk along the shoulder , just like how we find he at the beginning of the film . David 's car pass Woody , pull over and come to a stop . David get out and look at he father . david all right . let 's go to lincoln . Woody walk to the passenger side and get in . int . david be car - day 89 David drive while Woody sleep . later -- Woody rub the sweepstake letter slowly between he finger . ext . roadside convenience store / gas station - day 90 a crude sign outside read leech and crawler . 91 92 93 94 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 85 . David exit the store and hand Woody a tall - boy of beer in a paper bag . int . david be car - day 91 we heros pass a sign read '' lincoln CITY limit '' and exchange a look of satisfaction . ext . lincoln - day 92 the state capitol build tower in the distance as the car cross a viaduct into lincoln . later -- the car make its way through busy downtown lincoln . ext . industrial park - day 93 David stop the car in the lot of a low - rent industrial park of what seem like oversize garage . they get out and stand look at they long - seek destination -- '' mid -plain Marketing promotion . '' David notice that Woody still have he hospital gown on , and he help he take it off . int . mid - plain marketing - day 94 they enter the no-nonsense front office and find a middle - age receptionist . a open door beyond she look into a small warehouse / work area . receptionist hi. can I help you ? david my father be here to collect he million dollar . receptionist Excuse I ? david show she you letter , dad . Woody extract the tatter sacred document from he pocket and hand it over . she look at it and type quickly on she computer . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 86 . receptionist I be sorry , but you number be not one of the win number . David look at Woody , who do not seem to understand . david look like you do not win . woody but it say I win . receptionist it say you win if you number be the win number . I be afraid it be not . Woody look at she blankly . receptionist ( cont ’d ) I be sorry , sir . I hope you do not have to come too far . david Montana . receptionist oh , my . david well , dad , I guess that 's it . receptionist I can give you a free gift , like a hat or a seat cushion . david do you want a hat or a seat cushion ? woody what ? david do you want a hat or a seat cushion ? woody a hat . david he 'il take the hat . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 87 . the receptionist slide she chair out , go to the corner behind she desk , and retrieve a hat out of one of two large box . the hat read , '' Prize winner ! '' Woody put it on , turn and walk out . david ( cont 'd ) do this happen a lot ? receptionist every once in a while . usually older people like you father . do he have Alzheimer 's or some other dementia ? david he just believe stuff that people tell he . receptionist oh , that 's too bad . david yeah . 95 ext . industrial park - day 95 David get in the driver 's seat of he car and find Woody , hat on , eye close , head tip back . he look dead . david dad ? dad ? woody I be here . david we be go back to billing , okay ? woody okay . Woody nod . David have a think . david we might make a couple quick stop first . 96 ext . used car lot - day 96 David negotiate with a salewman while Woody , wear he new hat , wait outside . 97 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 88. David eventually come out . later -- david okay , dad , we be all set . help I get we stuff out of the car . David finish put they belonging inside the bed of a pickup truck . woody I do not understand what happen to you car . david they make I a real good offer for it . woody be not much of a car . david yeah , this truck 's a real step up . only five year old . practically brand new . oh , I hope you do not mind -- I put you name on the title . after a few second -- woody the truck 's in my name , you say ? david but you be go to have to let I drive it . woody you work something out with that prize people ? David take a long look at he father , wonder how to respond . ext . david yeah . they be willing to go as far as a truck . sear homewtown store - day this be a smaller sear that specialize in appliance . 97 98 99 100 101 102 Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 89 . Woody watch as David and a clerk hoist a box contain a new AIR compressor into the back of the truck . int . pickup truck - day 98 as David drive , Woody play with all the new knob and button on the dashboard . ext . highway exit - day 99 David pull off the highway and curiously head back toward hawthorne . woody what be we go back to hawthorne for ? david just get one last quick thing to do . ext . downtown hawthorne - day 100 it 's the late afternoon , and the sun be low . David bring the truck to a stop at the top of Main Street . int . pickup truck - day 101 David turn to he father . david you turn to drive . woody you say I could not . david just drive it down Locust Street . it 's only a couple of block . there 's no traffic . Woody look out the windshield at he old town , then back at David . ext . downtown hawthorne - day 102 David get out and open the passenger door for Woody . Woody walk around to the driver 's side . 103 104 105 90 . int . pickup truck - day 103 Woody get comfortable and set the mirror before shifting the transmission into drive . he take he foot off the brake , and the truck start to move . ext . downtown hawthorne - day 104 as the pickup cruise slowly down Main Street , bernie Bowen from the bus station spot Woody and give a big thumb -up . bernie bowen hey there , Woody ! look good ! woody ( to David ) get down . david what ? woody I say get down . david okay . David obey and duck below the dashboard . moment later -- Ed pegram come out of the blinker tavern , sport a black eye . he watch Woody pass . moment later -- peg nagy come out of the Cedar County record office , key in hand to lock up . she look over , and Woody and she lock eye for a moment . ext . hawthorne - day 105 now beyond the business district , Woody pass a tiny house where a old man sit out front watch the traffic -- why , it 's uncle Albert . he light up and wave . woody so long , Albert . Blue ( 10-12-2012 ) 91 . uncle albert so long , Woody . David pop back up as the truck continue down the street and * toward the set sun . but before they continue on home , * Woody stop the truck , and he and David exchange place . * the end