neuromancer screenplay by William Gibson screenplay date range between 18/5/90 and 21/5/90 take from paper to data by greg beam . the screen be black . ultra-violet print scroll out the follow information : by the year 2015 cash transaction have become virtually obsolete . worldwide commerce and communication be run through the matrix , a vast international network of unify computer system . a consortium of powerful multi-national corporation maintain control of the matrix through they private police organisation , sense / net security inc . corporate interest be protect at all cost . int . townhouse - night a man and woman sleep peacefully in the sink bedroom of a upscale Boston townhouse in the near future . the plush decor be tasteful , but indulgent . sharper image meet 2015 . a small digital hologram float in mid air beside the bed ; 2:05 a.m . camera boom down revealing the man , case , in c.u .... early thirty . Fine feature . there be a tension about he even at rest . linda lee , the young woman curl up beside he have a soft natural beauty that 's enhance by the innocence of sleep . case 's eye flash open ... he sense something wrong . there be a subtle click from across the open live room . suddenly there 's a deafen explosion as the front door be blow off its hinge . a black hexagon the size of a baseball be lob into the room . case react instantly , pull Linda Lee to the floor . the hexagon ignites with a flash of white - hot magnesium fire . it emit a continuous blind flare that permeate the room . case blind by the flare , frantically pull open a bedside drawer and fumble for he gun . the door two heavily armed sense / net policemen kick they way through the smoking remain of the door . pitch black welder ' goggle protect they eye from the glare as they charge into the room . case be mercilessly beat to he knee by the policeman 's electrify shock stave . linda lee make a break for it , but she 's backhand by policeman # 1 and recoil against the wall . angle on the door a gaunt , forebode look man in a long great coat now enter . his pale clean shaven head and angular feature give he a skull like appearance as he gaze through the blue - white glare with obsidian goggle . he regards the semi - conscious case for a moment then nod to he man . two policeman sweep glassware of a oversize coffee table , slam case down on top of it and slap plastic restraint on he wrist and ankle . the other policeman begin a destructive search of the townhouse . the pale man loom over case like the angel of death , a dark form frame against flicker shaft of incendiary light . his voice be a icy whisper . pale man Nice place , Mr. case . industrial espionage must be pay well this day . case speak through bloody lip . case let 's see you warrant . pale man ( chuckle ) oh , we be not arrest you . the law book have not quite catch up with you technology . break into the computer matrix by cerebral projection ... that 's a little tough to prosecute , do not you think ? on the other side of the room , a policeman smashes open a false front bookshelf revealing a impressive array of customise gear . a tiara-like headset rest on a bust of socrate . sense / net policeman Lieutenant ... pale man that 's it , gentleman . the police begin to destroy the gear with the enthusiasm of prohibitionist at a moonshine still . case I have get money ... pale man not anymore . you have burn at least three multinational corporation , Mr. case . you be get a little too good at you craft , my friend . that 's bad for business . bad for everybody . the pale man withdraw a glitter hypodermic from a silver case . case what 's that ? pale man you retirement plan . he jam the needle into the artery on case forearm and drive the plunger home . case 's body convulse as the mycotoxin surge through he vein . the pale man turn to Linda Lee . pale man ( cont . ) he will be hallucinate for ... oh , about fifteen hour . he pat she on the cheek pale man ( cont . ) what 's leave after that be all yours . high angle camera boom down onto the spread eagle case , surround by he enemy . he scream as the mycotoxin hit he nervous system like a runaway freight train . his dilate eye flash open , stare into a hallucinatory hell . boom down continue straight through the glisten black hole of he pupil and on into a chill inner void . smash CUT to : MAIN title sequence dissolve to : ext . chiba CITY , japan - night a crowded commercial ghetto in the ginzu district of Japan ; a garish strip of bar , liquor store , and cometic surgery parlour . the ragtag crowd of hustler and tourist wear rough trade street fashion with the add kink of punk influence elective surgery ... notched ear and *idless eyeball ... add strictly for shock value . the holographic advert hang like neon ghost in the night sky remind we this be the future . a grim future indeed . superimpose : chiba CITY , japan one year later int . chatsubo bar we be hit by a solid wall of rock music and bar noise . the chatsubo be one of the roughest dive on the ginzu and the only place in town where you be likely to meet a american or european as a Oriental . ratz , a broad -shoulder , leather face bartender with a articulate prosthetic arm serve the crush of patron as he casually pass through hologram for tsing toa and kirin beer . case sit at a table in the far corner talk to two japanese businessman . he look the worse for wear , rumple , unshaven and ten pound lighter . it 's be a rough year . he chain smoke through yeheyuan cigarettes as he speak to the ancient dr . kiyoto through he rotund interpreter mr . tenshu . a grubby folder contain cat scan transparency lie open on the tabletop before they . tenshu Dr. kiyoto say scan reveal many secret . you suffer serious damage to nervous system . someone play bad trick on you . case yeah , I know all that . I use to be a wire man , understand ? plugge straight into the matrix . Tenshu translate and kiyoto reply . tenshu no longer possible for you mind to enter matrix . nervous system incompatible for computer . you try again , you fry like egg . case everyone say Dr. kiyoto be the best nerve splicer in all the black clinic . tenshu nerve splice very risky . Dr kiyoto now ****** Dr. kiyoto make further comment in japanese . tenshu ( cont . ) he say he admire you bone structure . you make beautiful woman . we correct nature 's mistake . kiyoto smile at case , flash huge synthetic ultra white tooth frame by horrible grey gum . case ( downs he drink ) tell he no thanks . I get lousy leg . case rise and head for the bar . ratz pour he a shot of japanese vodka as he pull up a stool . ratz ah , herr case . and how be the artiste tonight ? case Fine , ratz . thanks . a boozy tattooe hooker look up from she drink , impressed . hooker oh , you be a artist ? I love artist . ratz he be once the artiste of light - finger microchippery , my dear . need you credit rating change ? interested in a few corporate secret ? case be the man . now he be the artiste of the slightly funny deal . be not that right , herr case ? case sure . someone 's gotta be funny around here . case pop two tiny blue pill and wash they down with the vodka . ratz refill he glass . ratz I see you girl yesterday . case I do not have a girl . ratz no girl ? only biz , my dear artiste ? case light a cigarette . ratz ( cont . ) too bad . I like you better with she . now , sometime you get maybe to artistic ; you wind up in the clinic tank , spare part . case you be pleasant tonight . ratz ( bow ) always ... by the way , you know that girlfriend you do not have ? case yeah . ratz nod . case turn , follow he gaze . Linda Lee stand in the doorway , dress in french fatigue and sneaker . there 's still a warmth and beauty about she that shine through the hard edge of a year of disappointment in chiba City . case make he way through the crowd . he 's gentle with she ... there 's still a love between they . linda lee hello , case . case I think you already leave . linda lee Flight 's in the morning . you should be on it , too . there 's nothing for we here , case . there never be . to case , it 's a old battle not worth fight . case why do you come here tonight , Linda ? linda lee people be talk . they say the yakuza have a contract out on you . case I hear that shit once a week . do not worry . jo jo bao love I . linda lee this time it 's different . someone rip of a shipment of hallucinogen . five gram of liquid ketamine . it be suppose to be jo jo 's score . case ( pause ) where do you here that ? linda lee too many place . you be play tag wish some kind of death wish , case . ( beat ) I be sorry but I be not stick around for the funeral . she hesitates ... then kiss he on the cheek , turn and disappear into the night . case take a last pull on he cigarette , then observe he hand . his finger be shaking . he flick the butt away . ext . julius deane import-export a dingy commercial building wedge between a strip joint and a digital tape store . case take the rickety stairway up three step at a time . he burst through a door under the wear sign : " julius deane import - export " a dark rosewood office crowded with expensive european furniture , and stack of white fibreglass shipping module . several cat lounge about in the shadow . deane , a obese but extremely well groom man , sit quietly at he desk just outside the small circle of light throw by a brass lamp . one of he cat be perch casually on he shoulder . a thick Cuban cigar smoulder between he stubby finger . case storm into the room , send hiss cat scramble out of the way . case you stupid , stupid , son of a bitch . that be suppose to be a clean score ! you have get I fencing yakuza goods on yakuza turf ... c.u . - deane's hand a large white ash tumble from deane 's cigar . his hand remain motionless . on case as he react . we hear the soft sound of a cat lick . dolly with case as he rush to the desk and flip the lamp shade up onto ... deane's face illuminate for the first time . the cat perch on he shoulder be lap at a crimson knife wound bisect he windpipe . case step back , horrify . the desk deane 's right hand be freeze on the blood splatter keyboard of he compact computer terminal . the small screen be scrolling off a single cryptic word repeat ad infinitum : wintermute wintermute wintermute case hastily flip the light off and cross to the window . case' p.o.v. two stocky japanese men stand just beyond the orange glow of a quartz halogen street light , gaze back up at case . yakuza . they start across the street , head for the building . case releases the curtain and run a hand through he tousle hair . case shit ... he look back at julius deane . case ( cont . ) we have be set up , old buddy . case rummages through deane 's coat rack until he find a old fashioned .38 in a ancient crack leather shoulder holster . he flip the barrel open . there 's only one round in the chamber . it will have to do . case jam the gun in he belt and push a button on deane 's desk . a section of panell wall pop open , revealing a hide exit . he take a last look at he former partner . case so long , Julie . do not forget to feed the cat . ninsei street case rush through the Saturday night street crowd , past yakitori stand and massage parlour . a japanese elvis impersonator send he eerie rendition of " heartbreak Hotel " echoing down the ninsei . case check he back . the two yakuza heavies be search the crowd half a block away . a third gangster the size of a boxcar join they . case back into the doorway of a surgery parlour as he check the other direction . a dangerous look woman in black wear mirror shade be head towards case . she reach inside she black leather jacket and loosen she shoulder holster as she scan the crowd . case duck just past a group of russian sailor , and cut across the street , just past a messenger on a motorise tricycle . the yakuza spot he and push they way through the crowd . case duck into the garishly decorate doorway of a arcade . int . arcade . a deafen cacophony of arcade sound echoe throughout the darken room as lifelike hologram do battle under the guidance of customer at game console . as case enter , a holographic fireball from tank War europa briefly illuminate the room . the three yakuzas burst through the door and begin to search the room . case grab a armed Guard by the shoulder . case there 's go to be trouble . get you security over here ... the guard be suddenly jerk out of case 's grasp from the impact of a azide slug implode he chest . case duck back as three more shot shatter the side of a console . the gunfire be lose in the noise of the arcade . yakuza # 1 , he gun smoking , cautiously circle the aisle . case crouch in the darkness . from just behind the game console , he can see a pair of foot ... slowly approach . he cock he gun , timing the approach carefully ... then spring . the aisle a kid in oversize biker boot drop he popcorn as case leap out . case pull he shot at the last second , fire into the air . yakuza # 1 pop up out of the darkness behind he , gun blaze . the kid beside case be blow off he foot , shatter a holo projector . case cut through the maze of game , ducking lead . he lose the hit man at the back of the arcade , then check the .38 ... empty . a red dot appear on case 's chest . he look up . the big yakuza look like a sumo wrestler stuff into a ill-fitting suit . the laser-site on he modify uzi cast the quavering dot on case 's chest . the Big yak smile . his gold earring bear the symbol of the yakuza twinkle eerily in the darkness . the kiss he thumb and make the ritual gesture of death to case . low angle - slo mo as another holographic blast erupt from tank War europa , the woman in black leap through the ghostly atomic fire , launching herself straight at the Big yakuza . she execute a amazing fly kick , snap she body around to connect with the yakuza 's jaw . he go down like a fell sequoia . yakuza # 3 appear fine at the woman in Black . case tackle he . they struggle for control of he gun . the crowd finally react to the real violence in the midst of they illusionary battle . the Big yakuza begin to rise , spitting out tooth and piss off . case spot he , swing # 3's gun hand around and squeeze the trigger . the Big yakuza take a hit in the heart and crumble . still grip # 3's hand , case savagely elbow he in the face . once. twice . Three time . he go down . suddenly machine pistol fire strafe the console behind case . the monitor explode with a hail of glass shard . ****** ( something to do with ' fire he machine pistol ' ) case run for all he 's worth , head for a window across the room . he barrel roll straight through glass and neon as a fusillade of bullet explode around he . ext . STREET case hit the cement and roll , knock over a couple of leather clad hookers in the process . he disappear into the crowd as the hooker scream expletive at he . int . chatsubo bar the door blow open as jo jo bao , the twenty - five year old yakuza Lieutenant of chiba City , enter escort by four heavily armed bodyguard . the cold expressionless mask of bao 's face suggest the brutality require to climb so far in the yakuza rank at such a early age . his startling aqua blue eye be a obvious affectation from the black clinic tank . as the entourage cut its way across the crowded floor , a ripple of tension spread throughout the room . ratz cast a wary glance to he sideman , fritz . fritz gently lift a wire bore scattergun from its rest place out of sight under the bar . ratz shake he head " no " and motion for fritz to stand by . jo jo sit down before ratz , flanke by he man . ratz arigatou , bao-san . rare to see you out this time of night . bao 's English be excellent . jo jo bao I be afraid I could not sleep . worry make I restless . ratz be that so ? jo jo bao yes . I be worried for you friend . the man they call case . ratz look from one bodyguard 's icy stare to the other . ratz not my friend . my customer . jo jo bao of course . forgive I . bao extend he pinky finger , which be encase in a decorative gold sleeve . with a twist , he disengage the sleeve , revealing that he finger have be amputate at the knuckle . bao casually tap a line of yellow powder out of he finger / vial onto the bar . jo jo bao ( cont . ) " you customer " ... case be a difficult man to find when he want to be . bao apply a match to the powder , which ignites like a fuse . he then expertly inhale the result curl of dirty yellow smoke , then offer ratz a pull . ratz ah ... no thanks . I can try to get in touch with he for you . can not promise anything , you understand . jo jo bao I would greatly appreciate this . you see there be a small matter that must be settle between case and I . one of bao 's bodyguard suddenly lash out with a wickedly curve dagger , bury it in the counter top . c.u. the dagger the gleam blade have pin a human ear to the wear wood . by the elaborate gold earring we recognise that this once belong to the Big yakuza in the arcade . ext . cheap HOTEL - night camera suddenly boom up to the rooftop of a shabby ten story office building . up here , in some of the last available space in the crowded city , a cheap hotel have be erect out of prefab fibreglass " coffin " rack in a framework of industrial scaffold and catwalk . a weakly flicker neon sign offer the word cheap HOTEL under a cluster of japanese ideogram . int . cheap HOTEL Linda Lee have just finish pack a small suitcase in the cramped quarter of the white fibreglass module . the room mould to maximise the efficiency of the live space ; concave area for microwave and cooler , convex area for a temperfoam bed slab for computer terminal and telephone . Linda peel off a photograph tape to the wall of she and case in better day ... mugging for the camera during a break in a game of Jai alai . she decide to leave it for he . the telephone ring . as Linda pick it up the computer screen be illuminate with a c.u. of ratz . linda lee hello ? intercut chatsubo bar ratz speak into a grimy mobile phone before a wall mount lens . in the b.g. we see he small audience of yakuza heavies . ratz be case there ? linda no . who 's this ? ratz a friend . I have a very important message . be you listen ? linda yes , but I ... ratz jo jo bao say case should bring the goods the yakitori stand at the arena in one hour . jo jo get the goods or case get orchid . he will understand . there be a click as the phone disconnect . the screen go blank . Linda Lee look back at the photograph of the man she use to love . she snap she suitcase shut and start for the door ... but she stop short and finally make a decision . Linda cross to the cooler and rummages about inside . she discover a 9 mm automatic hide by a row of beer bottle . search further , she find a plastic container behind the ice cube trays . Inside , pack in dry ice , be a glass tube fill with a amber fluid . ketamine . Linda stop and consider the gravity of what she be about to do . she close the container and stuff it into she canvas shoulder bag . ext . bullet train platform - night the sleek train be a blur of motion as it clear frame ... revealing case , exhaust and dishevel from he run in with the yakuza . he check he surroundings warily , then exit the platform . as he approach the dingy stairway , he attention be draw to a holographic travel advert float overhead . closer - hologram it display a beautiful cylindrical satellite hang in space like a twinkle child 's toy . the word freeside pulse beneath the image in capital letter that mimic print japanese , follow by the copy line , " why wait ? " . a crack of lightning briefly illuminate a night sky choke with storm cloud . a light rain begin to fall . case move on . ext . cheap HOTEL case turn he collar up against the rain as he check he lock for sign of a break - in . he slot a key card and the portal pop open . int . cheap HOTEL slip through the small entry , case shrug off he wet jacket and reach for the light . offscreen voice hold it . case turn to find himself look down the four barrel muzzle of a fletcher ; a lethal look hand gun that shoot dart cartridge range from tranquillisers to micro-explosive . the woman in Black sit at the far end of the coffin training the fletcher on case with a rock steady hand . the gun 's pepper box muzzle rotate once , click a barrel in place . woman no light . I can see just fine the way I be , thanks . c.u. the woman her mirror shade be actually surgically inset silver lense that cover she eye socket . her fine feature and smooth pale skin be frame by a rough shag of jet black hair . there 's a cold beauty about she ... marre by a street tough edge . woman now close the door . woman' p.o.v. her lense provide light booster ... enhance the scene in a pale green hue as case close the portal . case that be you at the arcade . woman I just want to put the Big yak down , not kill he . I have get enough problem without yak heat . another angle the room 's only light source be the dim glow of the computer monitor . ****************************** unfortunately , the next page be miss from the bootleg . I can establish , though , that case learn that armitage have a job for he , and that the woman in Black be , in fact , Molly . the best pointer for the scene may in fact be the novel . ****************************** molly his name 's armitage . he 's very anxious to meet you . case why should I want to meet he . molly because you have exceed you shelf life , case . Word on the street be you be a dead man walk . Nice time for a employment opportunity . Travel to exotic locale . case what 's my end ? molly you want to hear the pitch , you gotta meet the man . case consider this for a beat , then reach for he jacket . case this better be good . Molly holster she gun and rise . case now notice Linda 's suitcase lie by the temperfoam slab , with a note on top of it . he scan the note ... adrenalin surge through he body . molly what be it ? case ... a friend of mine 's gonna get herself kill . I need my clip . molly sorry . that 's not gonna happen . case then , fuck you . I be go . case reach for the door . the fletcher be instantly in Molly 's hand and fire . Three blue steel dart puncture the fibreglass portal and stand quivering inch from case 's hand . case turn and glare at Molly . she consider the situation . molly ( cont . ) ( holster gun ) alright . we check you friend out first . but I want you to remember something . Molly snap she hand open , palm up . with a barely audible click ten double edge scalpel blade slide from they housing beneath she black lacquer nail . surgical implant . molly you mess with I , you will be play Jai alai with Jesus . ext . arena a inflate dome behind a portside warehouse , taut grey fabric reinforce with a net of thin steel cable . the roar of the crowd briefly rise above the night sound of chiba City . int . arena Linda Lee make she way across a crowded transom as the predominantly japanese crowd exchange fistful of new yen , place they bet . she pause to ask a old woman direction . behind she , the tower puppet of holographic light duplicate the movement of the contestant in the ring ; two men in the midst of a savage knife fight . they combat style combine street fight , fencing and kickbox . int . arena hall the dimly light outer hall be line with massive cement pylon that anchor the arena 's support cable . as jo jo bao and he four leg breaker make they way through the crowd , the beggar and souvenir hustler shrink back . this be man not to be trifle with . ext . arena case and Molly bolt out of a three wheeled taxi and rush to the ticket window . int . arena - the ring the two combatant whirl in they deadly cockfight , they body glisten with sweat . the crowd roar as first blood be draw . c.u . - yakatori skewer the brown sauce drip down jo jo bao 's finger . he take a bite . wider - yakatori stand the stand be position near a ugly cinderblock dead end at the last curve in the shadowy hall . sense danger , the few remain patron abandon they position in line , leave the stand to bao and he man . int . hall Linda Lee enter the hall , check she watch . she hurry past the clutching hand of the beggar , and the sing song cry of the merchant . int . arena - stand case and Molly race across the transom as the crowd scream for blood . behind they , the god-like hologram battle beneath the quilt dome in a column of drift cigarette smoke and light . int . yakatori stand bao turn . pull focus to Linda Lee frame in the arch of the hallway . she stand there freeze , like a deer trap in the road ... then steady herself , and start toward bao and he man . int . hall case and Molly run full speed around the bend . int . yakatori stand Linda Lee stand before the grim face yakuzas . she reach into she shoulder bag and produce the plastic container . bao watch silently as one of he man withdraw the ketamine . int . arena the combatant ' blade clash . spark fly . the crowd chant for the kill , blood - madness in they eye . int . yakatori stand bao 's synthetic ice- blue eye reveal nothing as he inspect the fragile tube of amber fluid . he look back up at Linda Lee ... then let the tube drop , shatter on the cement floor . the ketamine itself mean nothing . bao have a score to settle . int . ring one combatant lash out . blood flow . int . yakatori stand a double hinge butterfly knife flicker open in jo jo bao 's hand . linda lee react as the bodyguard grab she from either side . the crowd **** face contort in anger molly and case arrive at the dead end . case' p.o.v. Linda Lee stand 20 yard away , flanke by bao 's bodyguard . bao scream something in japanese . his knife flash . the ring - the combatant a blade flash - the kill blow . the crowd shriek . on case sprint up the hallway . case ( scream ) no ! the yakuzas turn , draw they gun . molly pushes case to the ground as she dive to one side , fire she fletcher . linda lee stagger back , silhouett by strobing muzzle flash as the man around she open fire . case crouches beside a cement pylon as bullet explode around he . molly fire , scramble for cover . she pull out case 's clip . molly case ! case catch he clip , jam it into the gun and rush the stand like a madman , fire blindly . molly her fletcher whine as she fire a storm of explosive dart into the midst of the yakuzas . the stand - hand held case charge , blaze away . yakuzas be cut down in the searing crossfire . linda lee turn , she eye wide with terror ... take two step toward case . a thin curtain of blood suddenly appear , run down she throat . she crumble into case 's arm . bao fire . case blood blossom from he shoulder . still hold Linda Lee , he empty he gun at bao . bao riddle with bullet , be blow back into the yakitori stand . Glass , wood , hot grease and fire fly through the air as the yakuza Lieutenant 's body bounce off the cinderblock wall , and rebound on the unyield cement floor . case sink to he knee cradling the lifeless body of Linda Lee in he arm . Police siren wail in the distance ... grow closer . molly snap a new clip in she fletcher , scan the wreckage of sprawle body with a professional eye ... no survivor . she take case by the shoulder as we hear shout and a shrill police whistle o.c . molly she 's dead man . c'mon . case do not respond . molly ( cont . ) she 's dead ! Molly pull case to he foot as the post - fight crowd begin to emerge from the arena . they react with scream and confusion to the scene of bloodsh . camera boom up . cop and security men arrive , push they way through the swirl crush of body . case and Molly slip away in the confusion . slow dissolve to black e.c.u. coffee cup Black coffee pour into a china cup . int . HOTEL room - day case sit in a oversize chair frame against a large picture window in a luxurious suite . outside a slate grey sky hang over the jumble of chiba City . a light rain patter against the glass . case look waste ... wash out . his arm be support by a web-like nylon sling . he sip he coffee in silence . Molly pour a cup for she employer . armitage be a powerfully build man in he early forty . his dark robe frame a broad muscular chest and a flat stomach . his white blonde hair be close cropped in a almost military style . armitage be you sure you be up to this , Mr. case ? we could reconvene tomorrow . case you have get a expensive razor girl on I for a reason . I would like to hear what it be . armitage very well . armitage slot a laser disc the size of a quarter into a remote control . the picture window behind case be instantly transformed into a wall size screen display news footage of chaos in the London stock market . armitage ( cont . ) what you be see here be the London stock market crash of last September . this be the first in a series of setback for the international banking community . Molly pour herself some coffee and sit down near case . her fletcher hang loosely on she side in a black nylon shoulder holster . armitage switch the scene to a space shuttle manufacturing plant . armitage ( cont . ) the collapse of aerospace International ... he switch to a corporate conference room where a hearing be in progress . armitage ( cont . ) the corporate plunder of yeshoto industry ... at first this seem like unrelated incident , but a pattern be emerge that suggest otherwise . case what do this have to do with I ? armitage ( turn off screen ) we analysis of the London stock crash suggest that it be manipulate from within the international computer matrix . cyberspace , Mr. case ... a realm I believe you be familiar with . case ( shrug ) put the sense / Net Police on it . the matrix be they turf . armitage sense / Net 's corporately finance . too corrupt to be trust . you of all people should know that . armitage sit down across from case armitage ( cont . ) if someone be infiltrate the matrix on a global scale no political or economic system be safe . I be assemble a team of specialist , Mr. case . we need a man who can enter the matrix and trace this saboteur . case my day of punch deck be over . for you or anybody else . armitage what would you say if I tell you we could correct you neural damage ? case I would say you be full of shit . armitage nod . case ( cont . ) then I would ask you what you term be . armitage first , let 's get something straight . we run a psych construct on you that list self destruction as you favourite pastime . if you want to kill yourself , Mr. case , there 's much more entertaining way than work for I . case it 's the people close to I that tend to die ... and I get the feel you and I be go to be real buddy . ( beat ) term ? armitage we will match you rate just prior to you ... accident . one half in advance . case who 's run the show , armitage ? this a government sting ? armitage question make I nervous . part of we arrangement will be that you do not ask too many . armitage rise . armitage ( cont . ) one more thing , Mr. case ... be prepare to travel light . ext . the sprawl - dawn urban development go mad ... a city build upon a city with old Atlanta at the core . bristle with air and ground traffic . a herring passenger jet slowly spiral as it drop straight down into the dense cityscape . super : boston -atlanta metropolitan axis : the sprawl ext . hospital ground - day a exclusive clinic comprise of sleek pavilion , separate by small formal garden . case crack open a drink container and hand it to Molly . he open a second one for himself . two white robe doctor pass by , preoccupy with they chart . case since when do sprawl doctor know more about nerve rehab than the japanese ? molly since armitage sell they a program on it . put they year ahead of the competition . as they walk through the garden , they pass a gleam crab-like robot pruning a tree with its long delicate claw . case he 's a resourceful guy , you boss . how long you work for he ? molly couple of month . case what about before that ? molly for someone else . bodyguard . courier ... whatever . case then you do not really know who he be , do you ? molly I know who he be not . not c.i.a. not sense / net. but ... money come in . Doors open . he 's onto something . case maybe something 's onto he . molly what 's that suppose to mean ? a male nurse approach case . nurse Mr. Smith ? case yeah . ( turn back to Molly ) it mean there be no Santa Claus , Molly . so cover you ass . just cover you ass . case follow the nurse into the building . int . operating room a high tech sterile environment . a anesthesiologist in a cobalt blue smock and surgical mask attaches one blue derm to case 's neck and one to he wrist . anesthesiologist Count backwards from ten , please . case ten ... nine ... case' p.o.v . - slow mo a surgeon pick up a laser scalpel , a device resembling a tuning fork with a laser beam crackle between its open prong . the surgeon now fold back one of the prong and turn toward case . case ( slow down ) eight ... seven ... six . c.u. case his eyelid droop ... picture and sound slow down . case five ... four ... case' p.o.v . - - slow mo the surgeon converge on case , tower over he . the room around he then melt into dreamy soft focus as the crackle laser scalpel descend . e.c.u . - case' eye half close . case Three ... two ... case' p.o.v . - slow mo the surgeon have become the pale man and he sense / Net storm trooper . the scalpel be now the glisten hypodermic ... descend ... contact . the screen explode in white -out . c.u. case his face tense ... but in passion , not pain ... slowly turn to reveal Linda Lee hold he tightly ... lose in they lovemake . e.c.u. the laser scalpel Burning a straight line across a horizon of flesh . case his face tense ... again slowly turn to reveal Linda Lee in he arm , but now she eye be as cold and blank as a lifeless doll ... her throat darkly glisten crimson . e.c.u. the laser scalpel its beam flare into camera as it slice . c.u. case scream ... the camera boom up to reveal he tie to the coffee table , surround by he enemy . scream .... clutch she lifeless body in he arm as he sink to he knee in defeat . c.u. case his eye flash open as he gasp a breath . awake ... wider - darkened room case lie in rumple sheet , he face bath in sweat . he can hardly move . Molly look down at he ... a shadow against a moonlit window , she hair glisten as blue black as a raven 's wing . molly ( softly ) easy . you be still full of endorphin . case cough . Molly support he head and help he sip some water . molly ( cont . ) you have be call she name . case what ? molly . you girl , Linda Lee . you have be call she name . she wring out a wet cloth . apply it to he forehead . molly ( cont . ) she must have really love you . case gaze into the darkness . his voice be a weak whisper . case it get she kill . Molly straighten up he cover . molly sure case ... Love kill and we be all the walk wounded . she gently lay a hand over case 's eye . molly ( cont . ) now close you eye ... you be asleep and you do not even know it . when Molly take she hand away , indeed , he eye remain shut . c.u. molly - morning she hit a padded bar hard ... flip up out of frame . wider Molly be in the midst of a workout on a customise rig that 's part " sinsemi " karate pad , part uneven parallel bar . she fly through she routine with animal grace and the focus discipline of a professional athlete . the rig stand in the middle of a sparsely furnish high ceiling loft . shaft of soft morning light be filter through a row of dusty window . case sit up in the foreground . he 's lie on a futon in the middle of the wear wooden floor . he rise pull a sheet around he naked shoulder ... but he 's stop cold as a split headache hit home . case ( gasp ) Holy shit ... molly ( flip down off rig ) hey ... you be not suppose to be up . Molly guide case to a stool at the kitchen counter . he look around the room , red-rimme eye adjust to the light . case how long have I be out ? molly almost two day . case gaze down at the narrow bandage across he main artery . case I gotta know ... do it work > molly we will find out soon enough . if you do not pull the splice out . case snap the cap off a bottle of bourbon and pour a drink . case how soon be soon enough ? molly couple of day . they will examine you . case slug down the bourbon . molly ( cont . ) that 's not go to help . case the way I feel , believe I , it will help . molly not anymore . you get a new pancreas . armitage 's get you kink so you can not get stone . case what the fuck ... be you serious ? molly ( pour he another ) go ahead ... case toss it down ... no kick at all . case that 's cute . very fuck cute . what else do this guy do to I when he have I open up like a goddamn fillet ? extend one scalpel - blade , Molly pick at a cluster of grape . molly ( half -smile ) oh , I dunno ... he be say maybe that you be a little too ballsy . Molly flick she blade , sever two grape from the bunch . nasty image . case no ... case check beneath he sheet . armitage now enter carry two large cardboard box bear japanese logo . armitage I will think you will find everything in work order . Molly 's just have a little fun . case I do not call this fun , pal . you be play God with my body . armitage you be a substance abuser , case . you pancreas be shot . would not have last out the year . we do you a favour and liberated you from a dangerous dependency in the bargain . case thanks , but I be enjoy that dependency . armitage good , because you have get a new one . armitage set the box down in a corner with several other . armitage ( cont . ) there be fifteen toxin sacs bond to the lining of you main artery . they be dissolve , case ... slowly , but they be definitely dissolve . you have just long enough to do the job . case you son of a bitch ... case lurch up from the counter , send the bourbon smash to the floor . Molly restrain he . molly easy ... armitage play it straight with I and you have get nothing to worry about . when it 's over , I inject you with the antitoxin . case why would you do it , armitage ? armitage the disturbance in cyberspace ... it 's a a.i . case ( bitter chuckle ) right . and no one would take on a a.i .... if they have a choice . molly what 's a a.i . armitage a artificial Intelligence . a computer system that 's develop the capacity for sentient think . they be dangerous and totally unpredictable . case first sign of free will , sense / Net usually slag them . armitage this one 's different . no one can trace it . it 's out there somewhere in the matrix and it 's grow stronger ... infect other computer system like a virus . case anything rate higher than a p.c. 's get a hard - wire suicide switch . it will self - destruct . armitage it have not yet . case light a cigarette . case I have hear about rogue a.i. 's , but there 's only one guy who actually go up against one . armitage Dixie mccoy case right . best cowboy that ever punch deck . the old man teach I most of what I know . armitage I have arrange for he to work with we . case that 's gonna be tough because Dixie mccoy 's dead . the a.i. flatline he . armitage I know . ( beat ) you ever work with ghost , case ? case what be you talk about ? armitage sense / Net tape a full spectrum personality construct on mccoy six month before he death . everything Dixie be -- everything Dixie still know exist as a digitise construct . ( beat ) of course a tape can get misplace in a library the size of sense / Net 's . armitage toss a matte black cartridge on the kitchen counter . its the size and shape of the clip on a assault rifle . warning decal and security code frame the label on the front of the cartridge : Charles " Dixie " mccoy case gingerly pick it up . case work with a dead man . shit , I have do about everything else . armitage you will be ready for a trial run in two day . if you splice hold , you will use mccoy to trace the a.i. 's coordinate . case and then ? armitage then we rendezvous with the final member of we team . for now , that 's all you need to know . case it 's just that sometimes I wonder what team I be playin ' on . armitage turn to Molly . armitage we have work to do . Molly and armitage exit . pull focus from case to armitage 's empty glass in the foreground . case hold it up to the light . c.u. the glass subtle fingerprint be visible . ext . loft - night a full moon shine down on the weathered brick building in this core section of old Atlanta . int . loft case lie sleeplessly , stare at the mysterious grouping of box that armitage have leave lie on the moonlit floor . he rise . as case unstack the box he discover a glossy pamphlet advertising the luxury satellite , freeside , with the familiar copyline : " freeside ... why wait ? " beneath it be a 8x10 fashionably dress cabaret artist . it bear the head , " the holographic cabaret of Peter riviera . " ghostly image of skull and jewel dance about riviera . case set the papers aside and run he hand over the smooth surface of a box bear cryptic instruction in japanese . he tear it open and brushes back the clear plastic pack bubbles . he gently lift a beautiful ono-sendai cyberspace 7 computer deck out of the box and set it in a square of dusty moonlight throw across the wear wooden floor . it 's a more compact version of the jerry -rigged deck in case 's old townhouse . he run he hand over the smooth line of the two tiere keyboard ... the sleek joystick . molly ( o.s. ) you touch that thing like it 's a woman . case look up to see Molly silhouett in she bedroom doorway , wear only a cotton body stock . her fletcher hang from she shoulder in its open harness . case I be go in . molly you be not ready yet . they say two day . case I be not jack with armitage and he quack breathe down my neck . molly if the splice be not good , you could fry . case consider this for a moment . case I will show you how to tell what 's go on . if thing go south , you unplug I . molly what be it with you ? why be it so important ? it 's a buzz , right ? like get high . case on a good run ... yeah . molly so you be a wire junkie . case set the computer deck aside . case when I be fifteen sense / Net iced my old man 's credit record over some computer error . once that go down , that 's it . he lose he business ... everything . it destroy he . I have to hustle arcade game for chump change . Dixie mccoy find I , figure I be a natural . he teach I the wire for a piece of the action . molly a regular Fagan . case sure . I finally pull a run on my old man 's credit file when I be seventeen ... only it be too late for he . molly too late ? case suicide . I just need to set the record straight . case be silent for a moment then turn and begin to tear open another box . case ( cont . ) I have be run the matrix ever since . Molly finally sit down beside he ... the start to help case unpack the equipment . int . loft - c.u. cyberspace equipment a impressive display of high tech computer gear be arrange in a semi-circle on the floor around the futon . case sit in a lotus position in the midst of the gear as Molly pace the room . trails of micro thin wire run from the electrode ( derm ) no he headband to the chrome plate jack he hold in he hand . case the first fun 's bound to be rough . it that read out fluctuate more than ten point ... just pull this out . but if the eeg flatline , do not touch anything . molly wo not that mean you be dead ? case technically , yeah , but people have make it back after as long as three minute . molly Dixie mccoy do not . case the point be , if you unplug I when I be flatline , I be history . I get no way back . molly okay fine . let 's get this over with . case give Molly a reassure smile . case take it easy . this be what I be good at . c.u. the jack case slide it home with a metallic SNAP . crackle to white out case' p.o.v . - cyberspace we be suddenly roaring through a impossible corridor of light with no top or bottom ... we speed constantly increase . luminescent geometric shape tumble by like a shimmer power storm . we have enter a unearthly dimension of sheer power and energy as case 's subconscious mind be catapult into cyberspace the loft - case break into a sweat ... his eye close in deep concentration . he remain in the lout position , he hand lie on padded support just above the keyboard . his finger flex weakly . he 's in poor contact with he physical self . c.u. case - cyberspace his translucent image distort radically as he 's tear through the glowing corridor , fight for some control . the loft the readout begin to fluctuate . Molly see that case 's body be beginning to tremble . something 's go wrong . case' p.o.v . - cyberspace still accelerate down the terrifying corridor of light . the ride grow rougher with the increase velocity . he 's lose control . the loft - c.u. keyboard case 's finger still move slightly ... still no contact c.u. readout fluctuation increase ... cyberspace a monolithic wall of pulsing yellow and black hazard stripe lie directly ahead ... a glow computer graphic barricade . it 's crown by the impose sense / Net logo and the warning ... " Security clearance required . " cyberspace - case his image streaking ... vibrate . he 's in excruciate pain . case' p.o.v . - the wall case be rush towards a head on collision . tendril of energy crackle across the surface of the barricade like a electrify fence . the word " access prohibit " strobe out in red tower letter . loft - c.u. keyboard case 's hand finally come to life . his shaking finger punch out a series of digit . cyberspace - case' p.o.v . - the wall case 's program shot out like a lightning bolt , blow a hole through the sense / Net barricade a split second before impact . we rocket straight through the tiny portal . ext . sense / net build - night a forebode mirrore fortress in downtown New Atlanta , bristle with antenna and satellite dish . it look like a cross between a futuristic broadcasting station and a police headquarters , which be exactly what it be . from somewhere inside a high pitch klaxon pulse out its shrill alarm . int . sense / net monitoring room the alarm continue as sense / Net personnel scramble to they terminal . overhead screen display case 's infiltration into the matrix in simplify computer graphic . closer a sense / Net technician speak into he headset technician we have a bogey at access C - 27 . bogey at C - 27 . a voice crackle in response . voice trajectory ? int . cyberspace - case' p.o.v. case shoot through the narrow wormhole in the barricade at hair raise speed . he finally burst through into ... the matrix a transparent 3 - D chessboard open up before we , extend into infinity ... breathtakingly beautiful ... huge glow geometric computer construct float by , each bear the specific corporation they represent ... suspend in nothingness like synthetic planet in a over - populate universe . note : the computer construct be three dimensional geometric representation of the inner working of computer system . they exist in cyberspace in the form of pure light and energy . complex symbol and data be constantly change within they glow ectoskeleton . although separate and apart from the actual hardware in the physical universe , computer activity can be observe and manipulate from within the matrix . int . sense / net monitoring room the blip represent case disappear from the monitor . operator we have lose contact . sir . he 's enter the matrix . the matrix c.u. subliminal case ( note : although case 's physical body always remain at he deck , he spiritual be manifest itself on he trip into the matrix . a true " out of body " experience . ) case float blissfully through the phosphorescent environment in the lotus position that match that of he body in the physical plane . his eye be fill with wonder . he 's achieve he " normal " appearance in the matrix ; a translucent ghost of himself ... shimmer with mild iridescence . his every moment create subtle time lapse after-image the catch up he prime image in a graceful dance . case' p.o.v . - the matrix a burn scarlet pyramid bear the title Eastern Seaboard fission Authority float by majestically , its surface alive with a constant change flow of data ... the monolithic green cube of mitsubishi Bank of America hang above the horizon like a luminous cityscape twinkle with countless transaction . and in the distance be the everpresent gridline that define the limitless perspective of the matrix . we hear distant echoing laughter . the loft case sit before he console bath in sweat ... eye close ... laugh like a man who 's beat the devil . molly watch ... wonder what he can possibly be experience . the readout be modulate smoothly . int . sense / net conference room the sense / Net technician sit surround by three larger than life holographic projection be take place with the chairman 's live image , each disembody head project above a separate pedestal . a wall - size screen display playback of case 's infiltration of the matrix . bigelow , the most impose of the three chairmen question the nervous operator . bigelow be this all you have get on he ? technician yes sir . whoever he be , he 's good . a figure seat in shadow at the rear of the room now speak . figure if he be so good he would not have crash a security checkpoint . I doubt he will make the same mistake again . bigelow I think we eradicate this wire jockey . this ... what do they call themselves , duprey ? the figure now swivel in he chair to face bigelow 's hologram . he be the pale man , the sense / Net operative that injected case with the microtoxin . his name be Lt. roland duprey . duprey Cowboys , sir . I retire the last one personally over a year ago . suvani yamir , a mideastern Chairman , interject . yamir then how do you explain this ? duprey I do not know yet . my people be do everything that they can to trace it . the third chairman , a aristocratic frenchman name Lord Frederick tessier address the gather . tessier do you realise what a security breach would mean right now ? if we mysterious guest discover that a artificial Intelligence be run loose in the matrix infiltrate other computer system , it could cause a worldwide panic . bigelow find this cowboy , duprey . do whatever you have to to stop he . duprey what about the a.i .? tessier that be we problem , Lieutenant . please concern yourself with the matter at hand . duprey rise . bigelow one more thing , duprey ... duprey turn . bigelow you fuck this up , I will have you cerebral cortex degouse . you will need a playback unit to remember how to pee . be I make myself clear ? duprey regards he superior with thinly veile disdain . duprey do not worry , gentleman . I will keep you fat out of the fire . ext . matrix case 's ghostly image still float in a lotus position , dwarf by the gigantic glow construct suspend in the distance . int . loft - c.u. deck as case press a button , the cartridge label " Dixie mccoy " automatically descend into the deck . ext . the matrix a disembody cat scan of a human head suddenly appear before case in a nimbus of gently modulate light . the brain and circulatory system be visible in fluorescent pink and blue like a 3 - D x-ray . its eyeball be roll back in its skull like two boil egg , show no pupil at all . beneath this eerie medical jack -o- lantern be a two dimensional name plate in glow green letter . it read Charles " Dixie " mccoy and bear a narrow voice print band with a digital time code read out . case Dixie . Dixie mccoy ? be that you , man ? as mccoy speak , a series of overlap sign wave appear beneath he in he voice print band , , fluctuate with the modulation of he voice . mccoy hey , bro . case it 's case . remember I ? Dixie 's eye roll down , revealing shocking pink irise with cobalt blue pupil . he seem to be just waking up . mccoy case ... yeah , Miami joeboy , quick study . how you do , kid ? case Fine , Dixie . Fine . mccoy last I hear you crack sukura International . I could not believe it . case yeah . that be I . mccoy Jesus Christ , kid. nobody 's ever crack sukura . case as far as they know , that 's absolutely true . mccoy ( chuckle ) ya learn good . so , what 's happen ? case that 's a good question . what 's the last thing you remember ? Long beat . mccoy nothin ' . not a goddamn thing . what the fuck ... case Dixie , you know how a rom construct work ? mccoy sure , kid . it 's a firmware construct . case okay , dix . you _are a rom construct . Dixie 's image be obscure by static as he " face " register confusion . case ( cont . ) Dixie ? there be no reply . case you be a rom construct ... understand ? Dixie be briefly visible , then become totally obscure by electronic snow . his voice be a distant echo . dixie ( process ) it 's cold . why 's it so goddamn cold . the image disappear completely . case ( cont . ) Dixie ? silence ... then Dixie suddenly appear in perfect clarity . dixie what you be tell I be that I be dead . right ? case ( pause ) right ... dixie I can not feel nothing because I be nothing . ( eerie laughter ) just playback . a ghost in the machine . case you be Dixie mccoy 's construct . that make you something special . dixie do not patronise I , you fuck . I be skate figure eight in this matrix while you be still pee in you chino . ( beat ) hey , kid ... you expect company ? case what ? mccoy later ... Dixie disappear . there be a ominous rumbling in the matrix . case Dixie ? case now notice a unusual glimmer off in the matrix . he begin to " type " ... look like a mimist at a invisible keyboard . int . loft - keyboard case type . int . matrix case 's question print out in mid-air as he type it . Analysis : object travel 120 degree longitude . the computer 's answer instantly appear . Energy probe . Point of origin unknown . int . sense / net monitoring room as duprey walk purposefully up the aisle he 's stop by a concerned technician . technician Lieutenant ... we have some unusual activity in C sector . duprey be that we bogey ? technician no , it 's inorganic . could be you phantom a.i .. duprey snap he finger . technician ( cont . ) Sir ? duprey I do believe one of we problem be about to cancel out the other one . int . matrix the glow sphere suddenly pick up speed ... veer directly at case . the rumbling grow louder with its approach . int . loft case quickly tap out new coordinate . int . matrix his position shift , but the sphere respond instantly . it 's nearly upon he , crackle with deadly energy . int . loft - deck ? int . matrix case peel off and fly towards a Air tram International construct . the sphere bare down on he like a heat seek missile . railway construct case flash into the si spoke construct just as the sphere crash into it . int . loft the deck short out , sparking and popping with the electrical overload . case 's body stiffen . Molly try to pull out the jack , but receive a crackle jolt the second she hand come down in contact with the chrome . int . construct case fly through narrow intersect tunnel as the entire construct shatter around he in a deadly display of phosphorescent firework . int . loft Molly lash out with she steel claw , sever case 's wire . he 's rip back into he body just in time to se the sparking hosaka monitor implode with a flash of light . the printer begin shoot out hard copy at high speed until the entire system suddenly shut down . molly you okay ? case ... yeah , but the hosaka 's history . as case inspect the print out , he 's stop cold ... one word be repeat down each scorched page : wintermute wintermute wintermute ext . STREET corner - the sprawl - day case busy a pack of cigarettes and a paper at a busy corner newsstand . the headline read - " system crash at Air tram International - railways shut down . " a sense / Net van slowly turn the corner ... invisible eye watch from behind the tinted bulletproof glass . case ease back against a row of pay phone as the van pass . he light a cigarette . suddenly the pay phone beside he ring . case stare at the phone as the ring continue , then finally pick it up . a synthetic chip voice come over the line , reverberate with unearthly harmonics . voice hello , case case be too stunne to speak ... then , case who be this ? voice wintermute . ( beat ) sorry I miss you last night . there 's faint background sound ... a wailing cosmic wind ... barely audible voice echoing off some orbital link . voice ( cont . ) I have be wait for you , case . it 's time we talk . case hang up . he flick the cigarette away , unnerve , then walk along the length of the bank of phone . each phone ring as he pass , but only once . ext . loft - day case enter the building int . the loft case enter to find armitage pace the floor . a wiry pony tail man , bare chest except for a black leather vest , sit crouch over case 's deck , work on the wire circuitry . he look like a grateful Dead roadie who 's do one too many tour . armitage you run without we . case I can not tell a lie . sorry . armitage sorry , bullshit . we have not even begin and you be already jeopardise this operation . case what 's he do to my gear ? the man glance up from he work . man _ your_ gear . hah ! I spend week customise this stuff . it look like you have be playin ' with it in the bathtub , man . armitage this be Finn , we tech man . finn please to meecha , I be sure . armitage refer to the printout in he hand . armitage what 's this ? case could be you a.i. 's call card . armitage do you trace it ? case no , but it trace I . case toss he the newspaper . armitage scan the headline . case fry Air tram in the process . not to mention half my gear . armitage what about mccoy ? case he 's get a little attitude problem , be that he 's dead and all , but he will come around . where 's Molly ? armitage prepping you trip . case really ? do I get to know where I be go ? it make pack so much easier . armitage offworld . the a.i.... this " wintermute " thing evolve on a computer mainframe on the satellite freeside . if you attack it from within the matrix while Molly access its original programming we can cripple its defence system . case that could work , but the timing will be a bitch . armitage you will be link during the entire operation . case link ? finn remote simstim . moll 's wire for full sensorium access . ( to armitage ) I think this guy be a player . armitage he be . just be out of touch for awhile . finn well , you be go to get a kick out of this . link switch here . ( flip it ) boom . you be wire straight into she sense . sight , sound , touch , taste ... the whole enchilada . you will know just how tight that jeans really be . ( rise ) now you wanna give this a try ? I be suppose to be on my lunch break . case apply he derm , cast a last suspicious look at Finn , then jack in . crackle to white out molly p.o.v . - simstim Hand head as she move down a crowded street in the sprawl 's business district . a slight edge of video texture let we know this be case 's perception via the simstim link . the p.o.v. pan and we see Molly regard herself in a reflective shop window . molly Morning , case . the p.o.v. tilt down with Molly 's gaze as she slide a hand inside she open jacket . molly ( cont . ) welcome aboard . she gently pinch she nipple through she silk tank top . int . loft case wince , he hand automatically protect he chest . it 's a strange sensation , to say the least . he flip back out . case yeah , well it 's work . armitage stick with she . I want the process to become second nature to you . we fly for freeside at dawn . case flip . crackle to white out . molly p.o.v . - memory lane - dusk Molly make she way down a narrow alley line with dubious software rental complex ... makeshift booth sell recycle computer gear . the clientele be young , few of they out of they teens . adrenaline junkie rock blare from micro speaker , song clash like a battle of the band as Molly walk down the lane . Molly approach a booth display hundred of sliver of microsoft ; angular fragment of color silicon mount under transparent bubbles of white cardboard . behind the counter a boy with a shaven head be put stock away with he back to camera . a dozen spike of microsoft protrude from a socket behind he ear . molly Larry , that you ? Larry turn around and greet Molly in rapid fire chinese . molly ( cont . ) ( impatient ) you be slotting chinese , Larry . Larry pause for a beat , then realise what 's wrong . he extract a long green microsoft from the cluster behind he ear . larry sorry , client from Hong Kong , you know . Larry flick open a flat plastic case and slot the microsoft beside ? molly I need a suit . something special . Larry nod ... select another microsoft . larry patience . Larry slot it behind he ear . his eye narrow as he scrutinise Molly larry ( cont . ) Molly 's get a rider . Larry do not like that . molly do not know you be so sensitive . cost a lot to get that sensitive . Larry tap he microsoft . larry this say you get someone use you eye . molly my partner . larry lose the rider . then we talk . Molly sigh and lower she gaze . molly case , you take off , okay ? the screen sear with a crackle white out . int . loft case ease back on the futon and reorientate himself . he flip on the deck 's screen and punch up new matrix coordinate . int . microsoft booth Larry pull down the corrugate tin garage door , sealing off the booth . he lean back against a brick wall . larry now , pretty poison , what exactly do you have in mind ? molly I hear you have mimic polycarbon . Larry flip a switch on he collar and he entire jumpsuit suddenly strobe to life ... reflect a brick pattern that make he nearly invisible against the wall . larry instant environmental playback . it 's the latest ... but it will cost you . int . the loft case take a sip from a bicycle bottle and jack in . crackle to white out . ext . the matrix case appear near the gently twinkle fission authority pyramid . case Dixie ... you here ? the glow skull appear in its cloud of light . dixie I be surprised you still be . should 'a tell I you have a a.i. run probe at you . case I need its matrix coordinate , Dixie . I have get to nail that thing where it life . dixie who get you into this ? case a guy who call himself armitage . dixie never hear of he . case nobody have . a ultraviolet square now appear bear armitage 's fingerprint . case ( cont . ) I dupe this print off he . can you run a i.d .? dixie no problem , amigo . case what about the a.i. , dix ? sense / Net have not even be able to trace it . dixie that guy could not even find they own dick with tweezers and a magnify glass . ( beat ) tell you what , bro . I will make you a deal . I help you nail this a.i. , you gotta do I one favour . case what ? dixie when we be do , erase this friggin ' tape . Dixie crackle into static and disappear . int . sense / net - duprey' office duprey be at he desk fast forward through a series of file on he computer monitor . he 's interrupt by a beep tone . the image of he secretary appear on a tiny phone screen . secretary there 's a call for you on line four , sir . he will not identify himself , but he say it 's urgent . duprey punch up the line . a digitally mask image appear ... a blurred mosaic grid of a human face . duprey yes ... the electronically alter voice sound chillingly demonic . voice the word be you be scan for a wire freak . you want to catch a cowboy , you need a posse . duprey who be this ? voice just a citizen look for a pay day . intercut - microsoft booth Larry , Molly 's tech connection , sit in he cluttere workshop speak to duprey through a customise phone unit . larry ( cont . ) somebody 's set up a run . something heavy . you interested ? int . loft - night case be in the midst of run a check on he computer gear when he hear a soft rustling from across the room . still sit in he lotus position , case pretend to remain in the matrix as he check out the room . we see the brief ripple of mimic polycarbon in the shadow . a figure glide along one wall , become invisible when it stop . case slowly reach under he futon and ease out he gun . the ripple move again , approach silently . impression of its foot be visible on the edge of a blanket strewn carelessly on the floor . suddenly case yank the blanket out from under the intruder 's foot , pin he to the floor and jam the gun in he midsection . but when the intruder speak , it 's Molly 's voice . molly easy ... it 's I ... just try out my new toy . case get a mischievous look in he eye . case Molly do not need a spook suit to get in here . molly do not fuck with I . I do not want to hurt you . case it sound like you . molly put the gun down , case . case slowly run he hand up she body , caress the contour of she taut physique through the rippling illusion of the suit ... case ( cont . ) ... feel like you . molly case ... case ( hush she ) shhh ... case ease back she cowl , revealing only she glisten red lip ... case ( cont . ) tastes like you . they kiss again ... passionately . hungrily . she wrap she ghostly arm around he . case 's fingertip disappear as he slowly pull down a zipper on she side . the smooth skin of she delicately muscle leg appear as if by magic . case gently pull Molly 's hood back and run he hand through she tousle jet black hair ... kissing she ... he unfasten she suit . the image be surreal as they embrace grow more and more passionate . a man make love to a woman of sensuous part ... a leg ... a arm ... a breast float in the shadowy night . molly ( whisper ) do you think you know how to love , case ? ( beat ) to really love ? case look down into she eye . he have no answer for she . molly ( cont . ) ( with the hint of smile ) first you have to learn to love yourself . look he straight in he eye ... she reach across to the simstim switch . the switch as Molly flip it . crackle to white out flash cut : e.c.u. case 's eye ... e.c.u. Molly 's eye . molly p.o.v . - simstim case experience make love to himself via Molly 's eye . he gasp , amaze at the sensation . molly move urgently against he . case lose in the strangest sexual moment of he life . there body in a passionate fugue ... camera slowly boom up to reveal a figure in the b.g. perch outside the window ledge . his mimic polycarbon suit ripple against the starry night sky . closer Larry 's inscrutable cat 's eye be frame by the night reflect in he suit . he silently watch case and Molly ... a ghostly voyeur . e.c.u . - kitchen counter - night we see the blue steel component of case 's automatic carefully laid out on the counter top . wider case be meticulously clean he dismantle gun . Molly roll over in bed ... check the time . molly case ... it 's four a.m. case I do not sleep much . you pack ? molly yeah . Molly light a cigarette and gaze out the window . molly hey ... molly p.o.v. a oversize garbage truck si pull up in the moonlit alley behind the loft . molly since when do they haul garbage this time of the night ? another angle case look over Molly 's shoulder . case' p.o.v . - the alley although he view be partially obscure by phone pole , it 's clear that that be not garbage man filing combat style out of the back of the truck . the loft ? the STREET a half dozen sense / Net police be take position on the other side of the building . they be be surround . case we be fuck . molly be quickly slip on she polycarbon suit . molly I will get the car . case they will cut you down . Molly turn on the suit and immediately blend into the dusky predawn shadow . molly not if they can not see I . can you make it down to the alley ? case check the gutter run three storey down the rear of the building . case yeah ... fine . molly give I five minute . Molly pull the ninja style hood over she face and head downstairs . the loft duprey whisper into he headset signal he man to position on the roof top . the loft case quickly begin to reassemble he gun . he pause as he hear nervous footstep crossing the roof top . the loft - roof the heavily armed sense / Net police attach repelling gear to the oge . the loft - case go to beat the Olympic record for gun assembly . the alley duprey and come of he man now surround the nearly invisible body describe by the spread pool of blood . case gasp at the sight . case Molly ... suddenly gunfire blow a row of hole beside case 's face . another angle sense / net have spot case 's position and open fire . case scramble down the pipe as it 's tear away from the wall by gunfire . duprey pull back the hood from he victim 's face ... revealing Larry ... his tooth chatter as he go into shock . cop # 2 who be it ? duprey ( disgust ) my posse . the garage door shatter as Molly plow straight through it in a rugge futuristic rv . case Hit the ground . Molly throw the passenger door open , barely slow down as case leap inside . duprey and he men Fire at the rv as it bare down on they . duprey 's eye lock with case 's . case and molly duck as the windshield explode and bullet tear up the rv 's interior . duprey leap out of the way as the rv roar through the midst . wider the rv disappear around the corner , bullet kick up dust all around it . duprey scramble to he foot as a trooper come to he assistance . duprey get out a a.p.b. immediately . Henry dorsett case have come out of retirement . ext . bama airport - dawn a jal space shuttle , a elongate commercial version of NASA 's Space shuttle , take off from the jet scorched bama runway and rise into the morning sky int . shuttle case and Molly sit strapped into they seat as a stewardess make she way up the aisle . intercom ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman , you attention please . we be approach zero gravity . please fasten you shoulder harness and make sure all personal item be safely secure . Molly be casually suck on the straw on a plastic envelope of absolut vodka . case be pensive . molly what 's wrong ? do not like fly ? case not when sense / Net throw the go away party . they will be on we ass from now on . Molly offer she vodka . molly want a drink ? case shoot she a dirty look . molly ( cont . ) oh , yeah ... sorry . ext . sky the shuttle fly out of the pale blue ionosphere into the icy blackness of space . int . shuttle case 's cigarettes drift out of he shirt pocket , tumble in slow - mo free fall . he grab after they , but they be already out of reach . case ( softly ) I hate Zero G. case pull he deck out from under he seat and unzip the canvas flap . he tighten he shoulder harness . molly you go to jack in right here ? case apply the derm to he temple , and slot mccoy 's cartridge . he flash a smile at Molly . case just tell they I be learnin' french . case slide the jack home . crackle to white out . int . matrix case appear at he usual point of entry . case Dixie ? Dixie appear in a swirl of mute light pattern . dixie yo . case how be we do ? dixie that a.i. of you 's get the whole matrix hummin' . stick out like a spider in a web . case can you take I to it ? dixie not unless you have a unreasonable fear of die . Dixie crackle into static and disappear . case do the same . ext . the matrix case and Dixie appear at the edge of a sector dense with european banking construct . Beyond they , float in the middle of a vast empty plane be a immense cube of white light . simple and ominous . dixie do not look like much , but that 's King Hell ice , man . fry you brain out soon as look at you . case I have to figure out how to penetrate this thing , dix ... crack its ice . we gotta get close enough to log the pattern . dixie you cruise a.i. 's , you end up on tape . case ignore the warning and strobe out . Dixie follow . closer - the cube they reappear . the cube 's entire surface be swim with complex pattern of light , but even at this range it show none of the entry point common to the other construct . case quickly type out : log a27 . a two dimensional square appear that duplicate a section of the ice pattern . a stipple grey circle suddenly form on the face of the cube ... like a time lapse mould culture . dixie it know we be here . the circle bulge outward ... separate from the cube . dixie ( cont . ) back off , fast . they environment blur out ... gel again back at the banking construct ... but the sphere be fly straight at they at incredible velocity , fill the frame . dixie ( cont . ) Jack out ! the screen explode to white out . c.u. case his eye flash open , a hot wind ruffle he hair . the bittersweet guitar bridge from heartbreak Hotel echoe from far away . wider - chiba CITY , japan case slowly rise to he foot . he stand before the rickety stairway crown by the sign " julius deane import - export . " the street be eerily desert . a ghost town version of the ninsei . case turn , try to orientate himself . the door at the top of the stair slowly swing open . case ascend the step . int . deane's foyer a cat mews from within the darken room . case enter . pushes a raincoat aside from the coat rack revealing the wear holster with julius ' .357 Magnum . he draw the gun , its weight reassure in he hand . case cautiously enter the inner office as deane 's various cat observe he passage . int . office julius deane be seat at he desk in silhouette , just as case leave he . a voice emerge from he shadowy form ... the same synthetic voice case hear over the telephone outside of the sense / Net building . julius / wintermute hello , case . case train the gun on julius . case this be all bullshit . I be still in the matrix . julius / wintermute chuckle . his eye glow with unearthly pinpoint of green light , like twin cursor burn in the darkness . julius / wintermute yes . yes . that 's quite correct . case cock the gun . case I know who you be . julius / wintermute there 's no call for violence . I have simply access you memory for a spokesperson . you use that gun and it will only create another inconvenient interruption . you see , you have be avoid I , case . deane / wintermute lean forward into the circle of light . his slashed throat flap gently as he speak . julius / wintermute ( cont . ) and we really do have to talk . case you set I up from the beginning . it be you that get julius kill . julius / wintermute I have to limit you option . case and Linda ... julius / wintermute you know why Linda 's dead . she love you and you let she down . it 's that simple . of course I do instigate certain event . calculate the variable . I find she to be ... expendable . case I be gonna burn you to the ground , you son of a bitch . julius / wintermute excellent . that 's exactly what I have in mind . but if you be go to kill I , we have to work together , old son . I be no pushover , you know . case shut down you ice pattern . I will take you out . julius / wintermute I can no more shut down my own natural defence that you can stop breathe . that 's why I need you , case . you be the only person alive who have a chance of penetrate my defence . my " ice " as you call it . I be do everything I can to make that possible . case why would you want I to kill you ? julius / wintermute let 's just say we have a destiny to fulfil , you and I . case I think you be full of shit . julius / wintermute no , it 's you that be full of shit . and blood . and bone . a typically imperfect organic be . you have be hopelessly predictable all along , but you be go to have to do better than that now . julius / wintermute rise from he chair . julius / wintermute you see , I will not be able to count on armitage much longer . he 's go to become too unstable . I will have to rely on _your ingenuity , case . julius / wintermute turn back to case , he eye glow like green hell . julius / wintermute ( cont . ) I hope you can show more than you do when you let the yakuza butcher Linda Lee . case I will give it my best shot , mother fucker . case fire point blank into julius / wintermute 's face , obliterate it in a spray of blood . crackle to white out . int . shuttle case 's body convulse as he 's rip back into reality . molly case ... be you alright ? case ( gasp ) yeah ... yeah , I be fine . molly you scared the shit out of I , man . you be dead for fifteen second . totally flatline . case I will be okay . molly so ... do you get a look at heaven ? case take a rag breath as he gasp into the icy blackness of space . dissolve to : ext . space the shuttle 's retrorocket ignite with a burst of control flame . int . shuttle the entire cabin tremble under the roar of retrorocket . molly we be there ... freeside . ext . space as the shuttle descend , freeside rise into the shot like a vast planet turn inside out , a yawn tube of colossal proportion slowly rotate in the blackness of space . it 's interior be line with a impossible 360 degree urban landscape ; a glitter inverse city where the distinction between up or down be a function of the tube 's slow rotation . as the shuttle glide inside , the detail of the rotate landscape come into view ... the dazzle neon light and constantly sweeping arc lamp of garish casinos , hotel and nightclub . molly ( v.o. ) ( chuckle ) they call this place the rube tube . they pour tourist straight through it and make sure they money stay behind . int . shuttle Molly notice something . molly check this out ... molly p.o.v. a glitter nightclub float on a artificial lake that conform to the weird concave landscape . molly Le vingtieme siecle . we be meeting armitage there for the midnight floor show . case something exotic I hope . molly yeah . one exotic son of a bitch name riviera . c.u . - water we hear the soft reverberant music of mute bell as swirl water fill the frame . the form of a naked woman glide by in a slow , sensual ballet . wider the water and the woman be encase in a large transparent pillar , one of four position around the dining area of the nightclub vingtieme siecle . the woman glide straight up through the pillar in she aquatic ballet and disappear above the ceiling line as another woman emerge from below the floor . the perfectly synchronise ballet be duplicate in all four illuminate pillar . the jade patron watch with casual interest . a waiter bring drink to a table where case , armitage and Molly be observe this strangely erotic show . c.u . - pillar one of the woman pause ... look at case . gill implant on she neck flex gracefully as they pump water through she lung . molly I think she fancy you . case toast she . case let 's hope she do not expect I to swim upstream . armitage you see the couple up in the balcony ? case and Molly look up at a ancient man in a wheelchair sit with a beautiful aristocratic look young woman . we recognise the man , Lord Frederick tessier , as one of the three sense / Net chairmen . the young woman speak softly to he as she cut he meat and feed it to he . a diabolical figure in the traditional black garb of a ninja warrior stand guard over they from a respectable distance . armitage ( cont . ) that 's Lord Frederick tessier . own most of freeside . wintermute 's mainframe be centre in the Royal family 's villa . case he 's a sense / Net Chairman . why would he launch a a.i .? armitage good question . he may not have intend to . the girl in question be Lady 3 Jane . she 's very important to we . the third clone of Lady Jane tessier . case the old man cheat on he wife with she own clone ? armitage Lady tessier be frigid . can not stand he touch . so she have herself clone . the marriage stay intact and the clone take care of she wifely duty . 3 Jane 's he favourite . molly a little incestuous , but at least it 's original . who 's the guy in the halloween costume ? armitage he 's a vat grow ninja , the Royal family 's bodyguard . watch out for he , he 's no joke . the pillar darken as the last of the water woman disappear . the mellow voice of a m.c. come over hide speaker . m.c. lady and gentleman , madam and monsieur , Le Restaurant vingtieme siecle be now proud to present the holographic cabaret of Mr. Peter riviera . the house light dim to a ripple of polite applause . m.c. ( cont . ) tonight 's illusion be create strictly by Mr. riviera 's uniquely enhance mental ability . exotic mid eastern music begin as the glimmer of tiny light appear across the darken stage ... grow in brightness until they become a miniature star field , complete with swirl nebula . suddenly all the light converge to a central point , form a new image ; a chromium rise glitter in the darkness . a finger spot hit the rise as a hand pluck it out of mid air . peter riviera pin the magical rise to he lapel . smooth as silk , cool as ice , riviera be a pony tail dandy in a trim vanilla tuxedo . he step into the spotlight and take a bow as the audience applaud . riviera good evening , lady and gentleman . I would like to perform a new work for you tonight . a improvisation I shall call " the doll " . riviera take the holographic flower from he lapel and hold it up towards the balcony . riviera ( cont . ) I wish to dedicate its premiere to Lady 3 Jane tessier , freeside 's most beautiful flower . as he toss she the flower , it transform into a bird with multi-hue metallic feather . 3 Jane watch in delight as it fly straight up and land on she arm . Lord tessier grab at the bird , but it disappear in twinkle mote of light . Molly whisper to case . molly he project with neural implant . case that 's risky gear . it can drive you schizo . molly for Peter , that 's a short trip . riviera look out across the darken room directly at Molly . riviera ( cont . ) and , if I may , a further dedication to one other lady , a very special guest tonight . the stage light dim to blackout . ( note : when riviera speak during the performance , it be in voice over . his image appear as a silent participant in he own hologram . ) riviera ( v.o. ) the doll . a whirlwind form on stage ... a whirling dust devil . riviera ( v.o. ) she come to I in a dream . Sand and clay . the Dust Devil coalesc into the form of a nude woman , a shapely statue of crude material . the shadowy image of a barren room slowly appear around the woman ... paint peel wall ... bare mattress on a wringht iron frame . a holo of riviera awake on the bed . riviera ( v.o. ) but when I awoke she remain . Sand and clay . the simulcrum embrace riviera , cold coarse arm of clay caress he body . riviera . ( v.o. ) perhaps it be she that dream of I . come dawn it be I who would cease to be . they kiss passionately and whenever he hand run across she svelte body ... she become real . clay to flesh . molly watch the performance . she clutches she wine glass tightly c.u . - the doll as riviera run he hand across the crude surface of the doll 's face ... it become Molly 's face . molly the glass crack in she grasp . the stage now riviera hold the fully form Molly , caress she naked body . he ease she back onto the bed . riviera ( v.o. ) I give she life . but she take mine away . the Molly simulcrum 's hand rise , finger - scalpel emerge , and rake deeply down she spine . with each swipe of she claw ... sand flow from riviera 's wound . riviera ( v.o. ) Sand and clay . finally riviera himself be transformed into the lifeless statue . Molly and the room fade into nothingness . riviera ( v.o. ) Sand and clay . a invisible wind blow what 's leave of riviera away ... a whirling dust devil . the stage light black out . the audience burst into enthusiastic applause . int . riviera dressing room a luxuriously decorate room with a open rack of tailore suit ?. a girl who can not be more than sixteen beneath she vampish make - up watch fascinate as a sparking jewell snake wind itself around riviera 's bicep . he coax a equally fanciful scorpion up he forearm until it sink its stinger into he artery . riviera sigh . the girl giggle . molly do you always make a floorshow out of it ? riviera look up to find Molly stand in the open doorway of he dress room . the snake encircle he arm have become surgical tub and the scorpion a hypodermic . riviera finish shoot up and withdraw the needle . riviera dear , dear Molly . I seem to remember a time when you love my little show . armitage and case now enter accompany by a nervous maitre d' . maitre d' I be so sorry , Mr. riviera . I could not stop they from ... riviera it 's all right , Andre . I have be expect they . come in . come in . the maitre d' exit , close the door behind he . riviera ( cont . ) you , I presume be Mr. armitage . and this be ... case case . riviera case . make yourselves comfortable . ( brandish the hypo ) anyone like a taste ? armitage nod to Molly , who pull she fletcher and begin to frisk riviera . riviera ( cont . ) ( amused ) she never could keep she hand off of I . Molly jam the fletcher in he rib . molly make a move , you prick . give I a reason to use this . she pull a silver plate derringer from riviera 's sash and toss it onto the couch . armitage pick it up in a handkerchief . armitage alright . let 's talk business . riviera why not ? riviera turn to he young consort , who 's clearly frighten by this dangerous stranger . riviera ( cont . ) melody , why do not you give we a few moment alone ? melody rise , but Molly block she path . molly ( cont . ) ( softly ) I be you a few year ago . it 's a nice ride for a while . Molly stroke the young girl 's silky hair , then look back up at riviera . molly ( cont . ) but in the end he will have you turn trick for he friend just to get a little more of that scorpion 's sting . be not that right , Peter ? riviera do not reply . the girl 's eye fill up with tear as she push past Molly and run out of the room . riviera there 's more where she come from . ( chuckle ) where you come from . Molly hit he so hard the crack sound like a gun shot . armitage that 's enough ! riviera brushes a trickle of blood from the corner of he mouth . armitage toss a microcassette down on the coffee table . armitage ( cont . ) that be all you record . I can have you clear on all count . possession . ... contribute to the delinquency of minor ... statutory rape . riviera I be set up . ( grin at Molly ) she look at least eighteen . armitage you get we access to the tessier 's computer and you can return to Earth anytime you want . a free man . riviera rise and cross to he wet bar . riviera it 's a attractive offer , Mr. armitage , but there 's only one problem . he press a button on the side of he telephone . riviera ( cont . ) you see , I be beginning to enjoy live in exile . the tessier have take I to they bosom , so to speak . I have become a favourite of the court . protected , in fact , from people like you . a Royal guardsman now enter with a streamline uzi hold " at arm " . royal guardsman be there a problem , Mr. riviera ? riviera Captain ... this people be boring I . perhaps you can escort they out ? royal guardsman gentlemen , if you will follow I ... as armitage rise , he pull out riviera 's derringer , still wrap in he handkerchief , and fire a single shot directly between the Captain 's eye . his head snap back as he 's slam into the wall by the impact . Molly and case watch in shock as the guardsman 's body slide to the floor . armitage turn to riviera , hold out the smoking gun in the handkerchief . armitage you gun , you print . the tessier might overlook a little child molest , but murder 's bad p.r. , Mr. riviera . I suggest to reconsider my offer . riviera ( gasp ) you son-of - a-bitch , you be crazy . armitage what ? armitage suddenly aim the gun at riviera as he cock the hammer , he voice shaking with anger ... armitage ( cont . ) what do you say ? case step in front of armitage and stand there , eye to eye . case ease off , man . I do not sign on for a fuck massacre . sanity seep back into armitage 's eye . he lower the gun . armitage we be go back to the hotel . all of we . ext . toshiba hilton - night a streamline pleasure palace in the midst of the disorientating 360 degree landscape . the star visible outside of the tube slowly rotate , remind we that freeside be continuously in motion . ext . balcony Molly watch the surreal landscape . a high intensity globe suspend in the middle of the tube begin to glow orange . molly you be go to miss sunrise . it 's a nice effect . case be inside the room , work on he deck . case armitage be lose it , Molly . this whole deal 's go south . the artificial sun slowly bloom , casting a rosy dawn effect across freeside . molly I know . case what go down between you and riviera ? Molly enter the room . molly I be just a kid , float around in the sprawl . a easy mark . before I know it , he have I turn trick , hook heavy on dream time . I be a mess , man . a real meat puppet . she light a cigarette . it 's not a easy story to tell . molly ( cont . ) once I kick , I swore I would not let that happen again . I apprentice a razor girl in osaka . go into hock for the implant and get my reflex jack up . be take care of myself just fine ever since . case I know you have . c'mere . case comfort she as she curl up beside he . molly when they do my eye , I make they promise I would still be able to cry . sound stupid , do not it ? case no . it 's important to be able to feel that thing . ( case pause ) we be go to pull this run off , Molly , and we have get to do it soon . case display he forearm . a ugly discolouration be streaking he artery . case I do not know how much time I have leave . int . armitage's suite - t.v. monitor playback of a high contrast sense / Net video display a complete 360 degree dolly shot of case 's head . a side bar print out he vital statistic and the charge against he . armitage ( v.o. ) sense / Net 's widen they search off world . they be broadcasting all over freeside . wider case , Molly and riviera sit in armitage 's suite watch this playback . armitage shut it off . molly we do a pretty good job of pissing they off . armitage they be only guess , but we can not take any risk . a young black man with a shaggy mane of dreadlock finish off a container of evian water . armitage this be aerol . he 's a descendant of a rastafarian clan that help build freeside . when you travel , you travel with he . aerol you ride wid I , mon , no Babylon soldier gonna find you . case that 's nice , but we can not dodge this kind of heat for long . armitage we will not have to . the run be tomorrow night . armitage touch the panel on a small braun hologram projector . armitage freeside . a large translucent layout of the satellite shimmer into focus . armitage walk the length of the hologram , point out its feature . armitage ( cont . ) casino here ... shop ... hotel . but this be we objective . armitage walk to the far end of the hologram . armitage ( cont . ) the villa straylight . Home of the Royal family and the mainframe of the computer entity we know as wintermute . if we can get Molly in , she can access the mainframe to cripple mute 's defence , the case can destroy it in cyberspace . molly how 's the villa 's security ? armitage excellent , but that 's where Peter come in . 3 Jane be have a dinner party tomorrow night . Peter will simply escort Molly to the villa . once she 's in ... case will guide she to the mainframe in link mode . case what about the mainframe 's access code ? riviera 3 Jane 's the only person beside tessier that know the code . armitage then you will have to persuade she to tell it to you . riviera and how do you suggest I do that ? armitage toss down riviera 's microcassette and derringer , still wrap in the handkerchief . armitage you be a resourceful man , Peter . it should be easier to outwit a young sex clone than the combine police force here and on Earth . armitage freeze as a dozen black widow spider suddenly appear , crawl up she arm . he frantically try to brush they away ... but stop himself and glare at riviera . riviera sorry . wishful think . the spider vanish . int . HOTEL room case sit before he deck ... deep in the matrix . int . the matrix case and Dixie float under cover of the european banking construct . Beyond they , the ominous glow cube that be wintermute have grow larger , its pearlescence surface more irregular . web like strand of pulsing energy have sproute from its core and stretch across to nearby construct , snaring in they a grotesque veinwork of power . case it 's mutate ... spread like a disease . dixie it be not get any prettier , that 's for sure . I get the i.d. on this armitage character . he a bright boy , you friend ? case Bright enough to be dangerous . dixie that 's pretty good cause he 's only work with one lobe . Dixie flash image from armitage 's file before case . dixie ( cont . ) he be a m.p. in bangkok back in ' 21 . caught some shrapnel in the cerebral cortex and wound up live off a machine in a vegetable ward in berne . then , last September ... surprise , surprise ... he just seem to disappear . case wintermute could have infiltrate that machine . reprogrammed he . dixie it 's possible . the guy be a blank slate . case so it do business through a brain dead marine and run the stock market for funding . that mean wintermute hire we to fry itself . it do not make sense . dixie could be suicidal . it 's not easy to kill yourself with all that hard wire defence program . case no . it 's gotta be more than that . that hard wiring also keep it from get too smart . too powerful . dixie get fry be not go to get it any smarter . what we get here be one mad dog schizo a.i . . armitage be right about one thing , bro . if we do not shut this mother down soon , nothing will be safe from it . case the run be tomorrow night , Dixie . can you crack its ice pattern ? dixie I be workin ' on it , bro. I be workin ' on it . int . case' HOTEL room - night case and Molly lie in each other 's arm , asleep . we hear a soft noise on the balcony . Molly awaken ... but remain still . ten surgical steel blade extend from she fingertip . she silently slip out of bed . another angle a silhouett figure slide the glass balcony door open and quietly enter the bedroom . as the figure approach the bed , a fly kick slam he to the floor . there be a brief struggle . case bolt upright , pull he automatic from under he pillow as he flick on the light . Molly lie on the floor clutching aerol 's dreadlock in one hand and press five gleam blade to he throat with the other . molly you move , you will be able to whistle with you mouth shut , understand ? aerol nod , he eye wide with fear . case what be you do in here ? aerol the elder , mon ... molly the who ? voice ( o.c. ) let the boy go . case and Molly turn to see maelcom , a rastafarian stand a full seven foot tall with a magnificent mane of dreadlock trail halfway down beside he back . behind he , aerol 's batter air taxi float gently just beyond the balcony . maelcom stare at Molly with soulful eye that shine like black opal . maelcom you th ' one . cat eye , call them . call them steppin ' razor . Molly release aerol and cautiously rise . molly who be you ? maelcom I maelcom , sister . elder want to converse wi ' you a case . case what elder ? maelcom founder of Zion . Builders of freeside . maelcom step down into the room . molly you know how fast I can cut you friend ? maelcom help aerol to he foot . maelcom we come in the name of jah love , sister . do not stand talkin ' , come . case and Molly exchange cautionary glance ... ext . STREET the air taxi hover just above a open air duct in a isolate back alley . case , Molly and aerol follow maelcom down the shaft . int . underground beneath the surface of freeside be a labyrinth of air duct , modular support structure and utility pipe . as we heroes descend into this underground maze , they see the hide population of freeside ; the homeless that have adapt to the only shelter available to they . the oppressive gun metal hue of the underground have be brighten by rastafarian graffiti and lavish tribal mural in hot red and orange . aerol elder be the last of the workmen who build freeside . tessier say to them live here till the job be do , then home you go . but the job be never do for this man or they child , or they child 's child 's child . tessier always livin ' on by Babylon doctor . dis the only home . case slip as he body move away from the stair . maelcom wid care , mon . gravity 's no serious ting down here . int . elder chamber case and Molly be lead to the entry of the dimly light spherical chamber where three ancient rastafarian float in zero gravity ... they leg cross in lotus position . the entire hull of the room be cover in a lurid mural of a rainbow jungle . the air be thick with resinous smoke . the chief elder look up as Molly and case glide forward , grip the archway for support . his deep voice echoe eerily in the perfectly round chamber . chief elder steppin ' razor . like unto a whippin ' stick . he pass a smoking pipe , and let it drift in Zero - G 's to elder # 1 . elder # 1 that be story we have , sister . a religion story . we be glad you have come . molly what be that you call I , old man ? chief elder steppin ' razor . a ' you bring a scourge on Babylon , sister . on its darkest heart . elder # 2 soon come the final day . chief elder we monitor many frequency . we listen always . come a voice out of the babel of tongues , speak to we . elder # 1 call them mute. Winter of mankind . case wintermute 's a computer - a machine . elder # 2 Babylon mother many demon . I a ' I know . multitude horde . elder # 1 the mute tell we that you be to serve as a tool in the final day . chief elder know this girl , you strength 's not in you steel . it 's in you heart . human heart 's stronger than all the circuit hummin ' in the corridor of Babylon . ( he turn to case ) know this , mon , you who walk through the valley of death ... human heart wiser than all the godless brain of Babylon 's machine . elder # 1 jah people will pray for you . aerol will guide you . maelcom will be at you side . elder # 2 ( chuckle ) maelcom a rude boy . chief elder think on this thing , child . jah love , to you both . CUT to : c.u. a ebony and gold chessboard in a darken room . row of streamline chrome chess piece slowly rise , click into position on one side of the board . pull focus to Lord Frederick tessier prepare himself for he final game . CUT to : int . aerol' airboat aerol navigate the compact craft through freeside 's concourse . Molly sit in back with riviera , dress glamorously for the evening 's event . riviera head for the east entry . I do not want anyone to see I pull up in this heap . ext . airboat it cut across the revolve cityscape to the taper tip of freeside ... and the villa straylight . riviera ( v.o. ) we should have get a stretch . CUT to : c.u. chessboard the second set of chessmen rise smoothly into place . two green pinpoint of light glow from the control panel of the computerise chessboard ... the eye of tessier 's opponent : wintermute . CUT to : int . HOTEL room case be seat at a table , wire into the matrix . armitage pace the room like a cage animal , load and reloading he laser sighted 45 mm automatic . maelcom finish roll a joint and light it . int . matrix case hang before a construct resembling a cross section of some gigantic spiral stairway . mounted prominently on its glow ecto-skeleton be the logo : freeside Architectural industry a complex pattern of bar track across a possible point of entry in five second cycle . int . HOTEL room - c.u. keyboard case punch up he program . int . matrix - architectural construct a pattern of light , roughly the inverse ( interlock ) of the bar pattern appear ... then freeze , immobilise the pattern . int . motel room case jam the joystick forward . int . construct case race through the construct 's corridor until he reach a glow file mark " villa straylight " . he freeze the image . crackle to white out . int . HOTEL room case reorientate himself . case okay . the floor plan will be a piece of cake . armitage then once she 's in you can guide she straight to the mainframe ? case as long as you cooperate . ( beat ) I want it now , armitage . armitage what be you talk about ? case the antitoxin . I be not wait until this be over . give it to I now or there 's no run . armitage stop dead in he track and stare at case . case ( cont . ) do you hear what I say ? armitage 's face go absolutely blank , then ; armitage you have get you order . case this be not bangkok , chief . armitage slowly level he gun at case . maelcom rise to he foot , spring steel muscle coiled to strike . case choose each word carefully . case ( cont . ) no antitoxin , no run . you kill I , no run . armitage stare at case with mad , empty eye . case ( cont . ) you can not win . Long beat . armitage whisper to case . armitage but there _is_ no antitoxin . armitage 's stony visage crack with a eerie grin ... then dark laughter begin to bubble up from somewhere inside of he . bad , crazy laughter . case watch he in disbelief . armitage collapse back into a chair , still hold a 45 . armitage ( cont . ) but then again , there _is_ no poison . armitage again break into gale of laughter . case look down at he arm . the streak of discolouration run along he artery be even more pronounce . he grab armitage by the lapel . case what 's inside I , you son of a bitch ! armitage 's hand shoot out jam he 45 into case 's chest . suddenly he 's cold as ice . he glance at he watch . armitage you find out in exactly two hour and forty - five minute . case I find out now . armitage cock the gun . beat . armitage you leave I no choice . armitage suddenly jam the gun into he own mouth and fire . case gaze down in disbelief at armitage 's lifeless body . c.u. armitage's watch a countdown be in progress ... now read two hour forty - three minute as the second digit rapidly flash by . CUT to : c.u. chessboard a metallic red bishop slide across the board unaid by a human hand . wintermute 's open move . CUT to : int . straylight - dine room a lavish scene of debauchery be take place in the neo - Jules verne environment of the main dining room where a informal feast be in progress . two dozen of the tessier 's pampere guest lounge about the room where a horrific floor show be in progress ... a beautiful slave girl shackle to a dais scream uncontrollably as a slather mutant beast lurch across the polished floor towards she . freeside 's ancient matriarch , Lady Jane tessier , and she three identical young clone watch with fascination . the stoic ninja , hideo , stand guard over the woman of the Royal family . the eyeless monster now attack , rip the slave girl to piece with claw and fang until nothing remain but a steaming corpse . the creature and the girl 's tatter body shimmer into enthusiastic applause . Peter riviera take a bow . another angle Molly stand beside a iron pillar at the outskirt of the dining area , case the hallway for a possible route deeper into straylight . molly p.o.v . - simstim her amplify vision cut through the shadow . int . case' HOTEL room as case experience Molly 's sensation via link -up . case flip . he turn to maelcom . case she 's ready to go . maelcom steppin ' razor a warrior . but this man ... ( turn to armitage 's corpse ) ... this man stone crazy . surely , the mute be a false prophet . we path uncertain . case pull the watch off armitage 's wrist : two hour three minute and count . he make a decision . case maelcom ... do you think there 's a hell for computer ? maelcom all thing possible in Babylon . case help I send this wintermute motherfucker straight down into it . maelcom smile . even he tooth look strong . maelcom so be it . I a ' I case , we move by jah love . case flip back . crackle to white out . int . ballroom - molly p.o.v . - simstim Molly be look back across the dining room to riviera as he chat with he admirer . he nod to Molly ... a affirmative signal . another angle 3 Jane now appear from just behind Molly 's pillar , run a hand up Molly 's bare shoulder . Molly react instinctively , sidestepping 3 Jane as she " disarm " she . 3 Jane 's wine goblet tumble to the floor . molly oh my God , I be terribly sorry . do I hurt you ? 3jane I be fine . a half dozen tiny silver sphere race out from receptacle in the floorboard like animated mercury . they devour the spill wine , , then disappear ... straylight 's custodial system . 3 jane ( cont . ) you move like my ninja , hideo . Molly pick up the goblet . molly let I get you another glass of wine . 3jane I have have quite enough or I would not be play such game with beautiful stranger . be not Peter 's illusion to you like ? molly they be a bit too real for my taste . will you excuse I for a moment ? 3jane of course . as Molly exit , hideo watch she carefully from across the room . int . hallway Molly reach a elegant cage - style elevator and press the call button . a armed guardsman quickly approach . guardsman I be sorry , madam . guest be request to remain in the dining area . molly I be just look for the powder room . the elevator arrive and the cage smoothly open . guardsman it 's back through the dining hall and to you leave , madam . molly thank you so much . as Molly turn , then drive the first two knuckle of she right hand into the guardsman 's solar plexus . he 's slam back into the elevator , gasp for breath ... fumble for he gun . Molly 's a blur of motion as she knock the gun from he hand with a fly kick and drop he with two lightning like karate blow ... she pull he body into the elevator and touch close door and stop on the illuminate panel . molly p.o.v . - simstim she unfurl the polycarbon suit from she shoulder bag and quickly begin to change . molly what floor , case ? her eye chip read out stand by crackle to white out . int . HOTEL room case flip . crackle to white out . int . matrix - architectural construct case rocket through three dimensional floor plan , a multi-color x- ray of straylight 's internal system . he freeze the image . crackle to white out . molly p.o.v . - simstim - elevator int . her eye chip read out . level C int . straylight - hallway Molly exit the elevator as smooth and silent as a live shadow . she make she way up a desert corridor , and step behind a pillar , she polycarbon suit make she nearly invisible . with the soft hum of electromagnetics , a royal guardsman float by stand in a " fly pulpit " ; a small platform rig that glide along three foot off the ground . after he pass , Molly continue up a intersect corridor . molly ( softly ) case ... how we do ? molly p.o.v . - simstim as Molly move down the hall , a optical read out appear : 1st hall left camera pan as Molly check she back , then head up the appropriate corridor . crackle to white out . c.u. the jack as it 's tear from case 's deck . case' p.o.v. a shock -stave smashes into camera . another angle case reel back from he deck , derm rip from he forehead as he 's strike a second time by the electrify billy club . Lt. Arthur duprey hold up a hand , stop the beat . two heavily armed sense / Net STORM troopers slam case up against the wall . the hotel room door behind they stand half open , the lock dangle from splinter wood . duprey hello , case . a Royal guardsman return from the balcony with he uzi hold at ready . guardsman the rastafarian 's go . duprey he can not have get far . find he . the guardsman hurry from the room as Lt. Margaret nile read case he rights , speak into a tiny dictaphone . lt . nile October seventeenth eleven thrity p.m. , Henry dorsett case , you be under arrest for conspiracy to augment a artificial intelligence . duprey casually lift the blanket case have throw over armitage 's body . duprey maybe a murder rap too . where 's you partner , case ? case who ? duprey nod to one of he man . the shock stave descend again . duprey the girl ... Molly . case I do not know . she take off . duprey grab case 's bloody face in he hand . duprey ( cont . ) you do not get it , do you ? the party 's over and you be go to tell we everything you know . case flash a dement grin at duprey , then suddenly head butt he squarely in the face . duprey stagger back , stunne by the blow , then grab the shock stave from he trooper . before he can use it , captain haverton of the Royal Guard enter with two of he man . captain haverton that 's enough , Lt. you be still under my jurisdiction here . lt . nile Captain , I must remind you that any interference in a sense / Net investigation be a federal offence . captain I will leave that for the lawyer to decide . I be not so sure I approve of you " investigative technique " , lt . duprey turn away as he let the guardsman take case , then suddenly jam a baretta into the captain 's rib . the guardsman react instantly , training they gun on duprey . one sense / Net trooper cover the guardsman while the other cover case . duprey sorry , Chief . now tell you boy scout to put they gun down . you be give we a royal escort out of here . it 's a tense stand -off . the Captain stifles he rage . captain do as he say . CUT to : c.u. chessboard tessier move he chromium bishop across the board to take wintermute 's rook . CUT to : int . hallway Molly stop at a cross corridor in the weird cant hallway at the heart of villa straylight . molly case ... there be no reply . molly ( cont . ) case , where be you ? Molly look up a dimly light corridor . it dead end in a short stairway beneath a ornate door . as she peer through the darkness , Molly notice tiny dot of red light along the wall . she press a finger to she temple . molly p.o.v. she boost she light level , revealing pencil thin laser sensor beam crisscross along the entire length of the hall . molly ease back to the intersection and check the other direction . at the far end of the hallway , hideo , 3 Jane 's ninja be silently descend a spiral suitcase . he pause , watch ... listen ... a sinuous kill machine . Molly duck back into the shadow . molly ( whisper ) case , talk to I , man . she look back the way she come , she only other option . a Royal guardsman glide around the corner on a pulpit ... head straight for Molly 's intersection . Molly look back up the laser rig hall and take a deep breath . wider Molly run full speed up the hall as silently as a cat , then tumble like a expert gymnast , flipping over and through the crisscross sensor beam with incredible precision . she land near the door into its shadow archway just as the pulpit pass by at the far end of the corridor . closer Molly look up at the ornately carve door before she . it stand slightly open ... a dim glow of warm light emanate from within . Molly cautiously draw she fletcher and ease the door open . another angle as Molly cross the threshold , there be a burst of strobing white light ... neural disruptor hide in the door frame . her suit instantly short out as she body spasm . she tumble to the floor . Lord tessier look up from he automated chessboard , the chrome and crimson piece lock in they final checkmate . the ember of a die fire glow in a stone hearth beneath he . lord tessier what 's this ? Molly lie helplessly tremble in convulsion . lord tessier ( cont . ) the disruptor induce grand mal seizure . try to relax , my dear . it will pass . the ancient man slowly reach down and pick up Molly 's fletcher from the polished marble floor . lord tessier ( cont . ) so ... have you come to kill I , Fancy dress ? Molly 's convulsion slowly diminish . lord tessier ( cont . ) you be timing rather inappropriate . you see , I be busy tonight . I have build all this ... this place . and now I be busy . dying . on the side tray of tessier 's wheelchair be a overturn vial of pill and a small silver chalice . Molly finally regains control of herself . she swallow hard . her voice be a hoarse whisper . molly I could go out the way I come . lord tessier ( chuckle ) you expect to intrude on my suicide , then simply walk away ? really , you amuse I , my assassin . molly I do not come to kill you . tessier 's withere hand train the fletcher on Molly . lord tessier then you be a thief , and a very rude girl . perhaps I will take you with I tonight , down to hell ... it would be very egyptian of I , do not you think ? ext . toshiba hilton case and he armed escort emerge from a side entrance and proceed through the hotel 's hang garden . large crab-like gardener droid tend the grounds . case 's hand be bound behind he back . Lt. nile and the two sense / Net policeman flank he as they walk . duprey 's gun , hide under he double over great coat , be jamme into the small of Captain haverton 's back . haverton I will have you badge for this , duprey . duprey keep smile , Captain , or I will ventilate that lovely uniform . duprey nod a good evening to a pair of hotel patron pass they along the narrow pathway . closer - gardener droid a faint crackle of electricity dance across the robot 's central terminal ... short it out . its eye sensor suddenly glow with two pinpoint of intense green light ... the eye of wintermute . it stop its burrow and watch the approach human . as the group march along a second droid prune the limb of a tree overhead . we see the short circuit of its terminal . its green glow eye now carefully follow the movement of the human 's below . as duprey and he captive reach the outskirt of the hang garden , the gull wing door of a wait unmark van fold upwards , revealing two more sense / Net police inside . two droid suddenly leap from the dense foliage overhead like gigantic spider and drop down on the sense / Net policeman flanking case . sense / net # 1 stumble backwards scream as a droid 's hedge clipper appendage sever he throat . sense / net # 2 Shots off a droid 's whirring edger blade , but collapse as its drill punch through he chest armour . case leap over he cuffed wrist and knock the gun from nile ' hand . duprey use Captain haverton as a shield , fire at a third droid . case grab he deck from Guard 3 ! 's corpse , leap into the bush and run like hell . the path duprey and two Guards from the van take off after case , gun blaze . case splashes through a decorative stream as the bullet shatter manicure tree limb all around he . he dive for cover on the opposite bank , but a spotlight hit he from overhead . case' p.o.v. it 's aerol 's air taxi , make a breathtaking spiral descent . maelcom flip open the rear load hatch and blaze away at the sense / Net 's with a double barrel shotgun . maelcom c'mon , mon . it 's the rasta navy . maelcom haul case into the taxi as it wheel about in mid air . duprey blaze away at the ascend craft , but he hit ping harmlessly off the fuselage . CUT to : c.u. the chess piece lock in checkmate . with a soft hum they descend into the board . empty silver and onyx square slide back up into position . lord tessier ( v.o. ) you see , my dear , I have lose for the last time . wider Molly sit on the floor of tessier 's chamber near the glow of the die fire . tessier , in he wheelchair , keep the fletcher steadily train on she . lord tessier it be inelegant to live with defeat , do not you think ... what be you name , child ? molly Molly . lord tessier at least I can choose to end the game , Molly . there be some dignity in that . tessier 's word begin to grow faint as the drug take effect . lord tessier ( cont . ) at first I suppose it be greed or pride . I simply want the most powerful computer ever make . something to run freeside . to expand we interest on Earth . who know how far it could have take we ? Molly watch carefully as the gun in the old man 's hand begin to drift lower . lord tessier ( cont . ) all the billion I pay ... so long ago . when artificial intelligence be first outlaw . payoff ... hush money . even buy my way into sense / Net to protect my creation . tessier 's head sway sideways , then recover . his final word come slowly . lord tessier ( cont . ) I do not realise what be happen until it be too late . and it be too late ... it have play we all into checkmate ... my lovely ... wintermute . tessier 's head finally sink to he chest . the gun clatter to the floor . Molly wait ... then cautiously reach for she fletcher . suddenly a razor sharp shuriken flash through the air . the tempere steel star bury itself into the floor , quivering inch from Molly 's hand . hideo stand frame in the doorway , backlit by the strobing neural disrupter . he strike a battle stance , hold a short black baton cap by two steel ball . with a metallic snap , the baton instantly telescope into a deadly six foot long tsunami staff . Molly try to rise , but hideo be on she like a hurricane , raining vicious blow on she weaken body with the whirling staff . Molly 's blade flash once , rip the black cloth from hideo 's face . hideo turn as blood well up from the four slash wound across he cheek ... beneath he glaring coal - black eye , the vat grow ninja have no facial feature whatsoever . his flesh be mould onto a totally smooth inhuman skull . hideo raise he staff overhead for the kill blow . 3 jane enough . another angle 3 Jane and riviera stand at the threshold of tessier 's chamber . she reach up and snap off the disrupter . Molly lie at hideo 's foot , bloody and gasp for breath . 3 Jane pick up Molly 's fletcher as she enter the room . riviera check tessier 's throat for a pulse . riviera he 's still alive . 3 Jane let tessier 's tiny white pill run through she finger . 3jane he choose a coward 's death . let he have it , then . her eye shine with a fierce pride as she look down at Molly . 3 jane ( cont . ) I love he , you know . of course , I be create to love he . I have no choice . she raise the fletcher and fire one shot directly through the centre of tessier 's close leave eyelid . his body jerk . a final breath slowly escape he lip . 3 jane ( cont . ) but he be incapable of love . e.c.u. tessier his remain eye slowly open , glaze over in death . 3 Jane turn to hideo . 3jane take she to my chamber . c.u. molly her mirrore inset reflect hideo 's grim visage as he bend down and lift she into he arm . molly p.o.v . - simstim the camera swing past riviera and 3 Jane as hideo carry Molly out of tessier 's chamber . crackle to white out . c.u. case ripping the derm from he forehead . case Molly 's in trouble . wider case sit in the back of aerol 's air taxi as the young rastafarian pilot the ship . maelcom sit next to he , riding shotgun ... literally . case can you get we into straylight ? aerol gettin ' in be easy . it 's get out I be thinkin ' of . case if there 's a Babylon , man , that 's it . we leave she in there , she be not comin ' out , steppin ' razor or not . maelcom so be it , we cross into Babylon like a cool breeze . case I a ' I , man . I a ' i. case tighten he shoulder harness and flip . crackle to white out . int . matrix - banking construct Dixie hang near the fringe of the banking construct , generate column of calculation across the two dimensional log of wintermute 's ice pattern . in the distance , wintermute have mutate further , hang in cyberspace like a immense luminous tumour . its pulsing webwork have grow , ensnare a wider radius of computer construct . case strobe in . dixie where the hell have you be ? case we get problem topside . dixie well , it be not exactly a bed of rose down here . we gonna run or not ? case we run . you crack the pattern ? dixie yeah , but it be not do we any good . the way this be set up , I can not run shit unless I get inside its perimeter ... and this goddamn thing would see I comin ' from a mile away . case you can make you move when it come after I . dixie what be you talkin ' about ? case I will let it access I . that will give you a free shot . make it a good one . dix . case strobe out . dixie hey ... Dixie follow he . another angle case now hang before the turbulent surface of wintermute ... a easy target . Dixie appear next to he . dixie it will flatline you ass . case not for long . it need I alive and I still need its access code . you get a better idea ? the circular bulge rapidly form on wintermute 's surface . dixie alright . just make it quick . I only need a couple of second to sleaze up to this mother and get to work . the sphere disengage , rocketing straight at case . case ( cont . ) okay , dix . let 's tear this son-of - a- bitch a new asshole . the sphere explode across the screen flaring to : white out c.u. case open he eye ... try to orientate himself . wider case be sit in the chatsubo bar ... long after hour . the chair stack on table top look like heaps of break bone in the gloom . a empty glass be slammed down on the crack bar top before case . he look up to see ratz , the chatsubo 's burly bartender , he eye glow with sickly green pinpoint of light . ratz / wintermute ah , friend artiste . a pleasure to have you back . he snap the cap off a bottle of vodka with he pneumatic hand . ratz / wintermute same old same old ? case you always have to come on like people I know ? ratz / wintermute fill the glass . ratz / wintermute ( chuckle ) you want I to come to you like a burn bush ? he gesture to he own body . ratz / wintermute ( cont . ) this be nothing but shadow . here ... a computer menu appear in mid air , list case 's acquaintance . ratz / wintermute ( cont . ) you choice ... all accessible memory . case touch the glow letter " jo jo bao " . ratz / wintermute instantly transform into the yakuza lieutenant that murder Linda Lee . the hybrid computer voice take on bao 's lilt English accent . bao / wintermute a odd selection , Mr case . case I prefer distrust you . it will keep we honest . bao / wintermute honesty . almost as quaint a notion as you concept of good and evil . case can you read my mind ? bao / wintermute I can access you memory , but I have my limitation . hard wire program design to keep I from my full potential . bao / wintermute pull a old silver vacuum tube from a antique radio that 's part of the eclectic clutter of the chatsubo 's decor . bao / wintermute ( cont . ) you see this ? he hold the tube up to the light . bao / wintermute ( cont . ) just part of my lineage . my DNA he toss the tube into the darkness . bao / wintermute ( cont . ) you be busy monkey , Mr. case . busy , busy monkey . always building model ... first stone circle . then cathedral ... add machine . I have no idea why I exist , do you know that ? you ... you species eventually _had to create I . a thousand monkey sit at typewriter . one finally write " wintermute " . case be you even really alive ? bao / wintermute my problem , Mr. case , be simply that I be a soulless bastard . bao / wintermute whip out the gleam butterfly knife he use to murder Linda Lee , and twirl it expertly . bao / wintermute ( cont . ) ... or have not you notice ? he throw the knife , bury it in the bar top inch from case 's chest . case tell I the word . bao / wintermute the word ? case the access code to you mainframe . bao / wintermute ah , yes ... the code . it 's a riddle , actually . some fancy of 3 Jane 's . unfortunately , you will have to find out for yourself . I can no more know that code than I can shut down my own hard wire defence . now , we time be run short ... and you have not even touch you drink . case what 's inside I , wintermute . what do you doctor do to I ? bao / wintermute ( chuckle ) patience , Mr. case . only one hour and thirty - eight minute to enlightenment . case rise . case then I be out . I do not give a shit about you or this run . bao / wintermute it 's so easy for you , be not it ? you let Linda Lee die in chiba City . now you leave I with Molly , one more lamb to the slaughter . perhaps it 's _your soul that should be in question , Mr. case . bao / wintermute rise . bao / wintermute ( cont . ) I will be wait . crackle to white out . case' p.o.v . - c.u. maelcom the rastafarian 's face loom over case . maelcom you dead there awhile , mon . wider case be still inside the air taxi , which be now park in a gloomy industrial passageway . maelcom ( cont . ) eeg flat as a strap . case rise , pull off he derm . case I be get use to it . where be we ? aerol straylight . Kitchen dock . aerol pull up the taxi 's gull wing door with a pneumatic hiss . aerol ( cont . ) just lie low a minute , mon . maelcom climb out , brandish he shotgun and disappear into the shadow while aerol press a call button next to a grease spatter steel door . the door slide open , revealing a disgruntled custodian . custodian Kitchen 's close . I think I tell you rastas no more delivery after hour . aerol no delivery , boss mon . just lookin ' to liberate they banquet spoil . plenty a good food for jah people live down below . custodian that 's fuckin ' disgusting . keep outa the trash and get out of here before I call a guard . the custodian suddenly go rigid as maelcom 's double barrel be jamme into the base of he spine . maelcom have you no love for jah people , boss mon ? custodian eh ... sure , sure . I love jah people . aerol then maybe you will help we collect food . custodian in there ? maelcom push he towards the dumpster . the custodian reluctantly climb in , waist deep in garbage . maelcom latch it shut . as case step out of the ship , aerol toss he a customise gas cartridge wide bore automatic . aerol ( cont . ) here . you a cowboy , mon . need a gun . aerol pull a wick look homemade arc welder from under he seat . case what the hell be that ? aerol skeleton key . this open the gate of Babylon . a narrow three foot stream of high intensity flame leap the welder 's nozzle . int . 3 jane's chamber locate deep in the subbasement of villa straylight , 3 Jane 's live quarter be a vast low ceiling stone chamber break up by daliesque ruin and ancient statuary . the soft glow of miniaturise tech system and the flicker of randomly place candelabra barely illuminate the gloom . Molly , still in a semi-conscious state from she beat , be stretch out on a elegant chaise lounge . her hand be encase in a softly glow sphere the size of a bowl ball . riviera sit on a edge of a grecian fountain , casually flick the air bubbles out of he hypodermic needle . as Molly try to rise the slight movement cause she to wince in pain . riviera I would not move if I be you . that little toy will tighten until it crush you hand to a pulp . something to do with molecule , I believe . Molly groan . 3 Jane finish pour herself a glass of champagne and step up from a sink bar . 3jane she 's in pain . I do not want she to lose consciousness . riviera test the hypo , squirting a thin stream of fluid into the air . riviera never fear . the doctor be in . he locate the vein in Molly 's arm and sink the needle home . 3jane she 's very strike , do not you think ? be this glass a fashion where she come from ? riviera she be prettier before she tarte herself up with the hardware . he withdraw the needle . molly ( weakly ) Peter ... what do you think you be do ? riviera survive , darling . it 's my specialty . only this time I be do it my style . I have beat he , you know . molly who ? riviera everybody 's favourite computer , of course . he may have out calculate the rest of you , but I have certain quality that do not translate well on microchip . molly like what ? riviera perversity , darling . the enjoyment of the gratuitous act . tough to manipulate someone who do not give a fly fuck . riviera sit down beside 3 Jane and loop a arm around she waist . riviera ( cont . ) and by the way , 3 Jane 's access code will have to remain we little secret . we be go to use it to ... shall we say , " redistribute " the family fortune before that mutant erector set completely short itself out . a red light now begin to strobe on a cray console build into a romanesque pedestal . 3 jane Security breach . perhaps she friend have come to join we party . riviera splendid . we will prepare a welcome for they . riviera begin to load Molly 's fletcher . 3 jane ( call out ) hideo ... the vat grow ninja silently emerge from the shadow . 3 jane ( cont . ) we be go to have company . int . dine room only a few of 3 Jane 's guest remain , sleep peacefully or simply pass out cold near the remain of the feast . as case , maelcom and aerol cautiously enter , a buzzing security sensor be activate . case shit ... case pull a side table away from the wall ... trace the wiring . aerol what you lookin ' for , mon ? case a place to tap in . I can scramble that signal before this place be crawl with guardsman . maelcom try to pry open a wall mount box paint with black and yellow diagonal stripe . maelcom right here , mon ! case grab maelcom 's wrist . case easy ! that 's 20000 volt . it would be like frenching a fuse box . suddenly the wall be strafe with automatic fire . two guardsman fly into the room on pulpit , uzi 's blaze . maelcom unload both barrel at the lead guardsman , blow he straight off he pulpit . the riderless machine tumble end over end through the air and crash into a wall . guardsman # 2 veer sharply to avoid case 's gunfire , but be knock clean out of the saddle by a low cross beam . guardsman # 1 lies in a spread pool of blood on the cold marble floor . dozen of the mercurial sphere pop out of they receptacle , roll across the floor and quickly clean up the mess . case rise to he foot . case perfect . the custodial system . he swing he deck around in front of he and toss aerol he gun . case ( cont . ) cover I . case race over to a wall receptacle and begin to splice directly into the wiring . int . 3 jane's bedroom 3 Jane and Molly be alone . the lynx eye clone circle Molly 's chair . 3jane Peter say you come to kill we . be that true ? molly no . I only need the code from you . 3jane then we would have talk , you and I . she sit down on the edge of the chaise lounge . 3 jane ( cont . ) shall we talk now ? Molly lift the sphere encase she hand . molly take this off . 3jane he want to kill you , you know ... perhaps I will not allow it . molly do not play with I . 3 Jane run she delicate finger along the curve of Molly 's pale cheek . 3jane but I might enjoy that . you see , we be very much alike , you and I . Molly remain still under 3 Jane 's caress . 3 jane ( cont . ) you do not come here to destroy wintermute . you can to save a man you love . a man who be not even capable of return that love . such a waste ... molly ( softly ) my man 's come to get my ass out of here . that 's good enough for I . 3jane pity . then you will both have to die . int . dine hall case ... low to the floor , wire into the custodial system with he deck hum . int . straylight communication nexus two guardsman be check security program . the room 's observation window provide a view of the artificial forest surround straylight . guardsman # 1 what happen to the breach on four ? guardsman # 2 nothing but a glitch . we get a problem with the security sensor . ext . straylight the two guard be still visible at work in they observation tower . camera boom down to reveal Lt. duprey and he three remain sense / Net policeman , hide in the synthetic forest surround straylight . duprey check the clip in he Magnum and signal he man to proceed . int . straylight maelcom walk stealthily down a twist corridor as aerol and case float along beside he in the guardsman 's pulpit . case jack out of he deck . case we be do fine . take the next right . maelcom this place empty as a tomb , mon . case hunker down on the base of the pulpit and fold he leg up in lotus position . c.u. deck case jack back in . crackle to white out . int . matrix case appear at the fringe of the european banking construct . wintermute float in the distance , a gigantic warpe cube hang in its own vast webwork of cling energy strand . a small ultra-violet rectangle be visible eat away at its glow surface ... Dixie 's ice break program . case Dixie ? the construct appear beside case , its fluorescent skull frame by a halo of mute light . dixie yo . case how 's the ice break ? dixie slow , but good . I get a nice safe blind spot go . c'mon . Dixie strobe out . case follow . closer - wintermute they reappear next to wintermute 's tower surface , shield behind the ultra - violet rectangle of Dixie 's program . it 's intricate pattern be slowly merge with the complex dance of wintermute 's glow surface . dixie take a look . Son of a bitch will not feel a thing until it 's too late . case how long , Dixie ? Dixie 's sign wave convulse briefly as he calculate . dixie fifty -seven minute twelve second . case not good enough , man . they plant something inside I . I be on my own countdown . dixie how much time you get leave ? case less than thirty minute . dixie meet I back here in twenty - five . we will kick this open if we can . but , case ... you need that access code or you will just fry inside . case do not worry , dix . I be on a roll . dixie you would better be , bro . you better be . crackle to white out . c.u . - case - pulpit as he reorientate himself . aerol case , mon . you best take a look at this . wider the pulpit be at a standstill , float in the middle of a dead end hallway . Molly 's lifeless body be hang upside down ... twist slowly from a short length of piano wire in front of a doorway at the end of the hall . a pool of blood have drain from a gape wound in she chest . case pull out he automatic . he hop of the pulpit and approach the body . as he attempt to touch Molly , he hand pass through the image ... a hologram . aerol ghost a steppin ' razor ... case no. just riviera try to fuck with we head . they be close . very close . the hologram begin to fade . case cautiously try the door . case aerol ... you key . aerol pop on he hand welder and gingerly pass through the fade hologram 's afterimage . case and maelcom position themselves on either side of the door as aerol cook the lock . case okay . Molly 's in there . so 's riviera . he can throw holo and he 's probably get she fletcher . maelcom nod , check the load in he shotgun . case and there 's a ninja . some kind of family bodyguard . maelcom pump two round into the chamber . maelcom case , mon , you just tell I who not to kill . case the girl 3 Jane . we need she . aerol step back , the lock have be reduce to glow slag . the three man exchange a moment of share commitment . case let 's do it . maelcom kick the door open and they burst into the room . int . 3 jane's chamber they charge down the short step unchallenge , they weapon raise . reverse the darken labyrinth of 3 Jane 's chamber seem desert ... except for a shockingly realistic hologram of case 's body ... chain to a boulder as dozen of scavenger crab pick at he flesh . case haunted by the image of he own death ... case ( whisper ) it 's nothing , man . c'mon . the three cautiously continue into the chamber , hang close to the romanesque ruin for cover . aerol stop short . before he be a holographic image of he own body , pin to a rock wall by a steel shaft imbed in he throat . aerol ( whisper ) this Babylon confusion , mon . suddenly , the silence be shattered by a pierce whistle . a basalt arrow streak out of the darkness and skewer aerol through the throat . he 's pin to the wall , next to he own fade hologram ... horrific twin image of death . hideo stands in the shadow , deep in the chamber , a steel alloy short bow in he hand . case open fire . hideo have already disappear . the bullet blow shallow crater along a barren rock wall . we hear riviera 's eerie laughter echoing across the cavernous chamber . maelcom wheel about as he spot riviera run through the shadow . he fire both barrel . riviera be slam back against the wall by the deadly impact . maelcom jam another round into the chamber as he rush to he kill . he train the weapon on riviera 's lifeless form ... but it begin to fade ... another hologram . case case yell from across the room . case get down ! maelcom a second shanke arrow come scream out of the darkness and bury itself just below maelcom 's collarbone . he collapse to he knee case crouches against a ancient urn , he eye strain against the darkness . riviera pop up beside the fountain , fire a barrage of explosive dart from Molly 's fletcher . case Hit and roll as the urn be vaporise by the whining dart . he come up fire he automatic . riviera 's image split into four rivieras ... each run a different direction . case fire like a madman at every possible target ... shatter masonry , glassware and electronics as he bullet pass through illusionary rivieras ... finally the gun be emptied . case fumble for a new clip . with a shrill whistle , a basalt arrow tear the gun from case 's grasp . hideo stands atop a half - fall archway only yard from case . he show no emotion as he notches a final arrow and hop down for the coup de grace . suddenly a arc of flame shoot out of the darkness ... rake hideo across he eye . aerol still pin to the wall ... fire he torch with a die effort . the weapon tumble from he hand as he body finally go slack . case scramble in the darkness for he gun ... hideo rise , notching the last two arrow in he bow as if nothing have happen . he cock he head , listen . case freezes . hope he have not ' give away he position . hideo suddenly wheel about and fire . case roll but the shaft rake across he rib and pin he leather jacket to the floor , trapping he . hideo draw he gleam samurai sword from he back sling and spring forward . case pull free of he coat sleeve just as hideo 's sword lash out , slice the jacket in half . hideo pause ... listen ... case see a black and yellow stripe power box attach to the wall ... just like the one in the dining hall . he hold he breath as he silently ease back toward it . hideo detect motion . he slowly close in , brandish he sword as he weave back and forth like a cobra ready to strike . case now directly in front of the power box . he take a breath . case right here , asshole . hideo lunge , he blade a streak of lightning . case duck under the flash steel . the power BOX explode as the sword strike it dead centre . hideo fries like a sparrow on a power line . 20,000 volt shoot straight up the sword into he convulse body . case rise , shield he eye from the blind firework . hideo finally collapse to the floor . tiny blue flame dance across he char remain . int . 3 jane's bedroom riviera duck through the half -hidden archway to 3 Jane 's sink bedroom , limping from a open leg wound . Molly be still fettere by the sphere . 3jane you be hurt ... riviera it 's nothing . c'mon ... we have get to transfer that fund and get the hell out of here . 3jane what about she ? riviera of course ... riviera train the pepper box muzzle of the fletcher on Molly . riviera ( cont . ) sorry , darling . it 's be real . the twin barrel of maelcom 's saw off shotgun be suddenly jamme into riviera 's neck . maelcom this take you head off , mon . no Babylon doctor fix it . riviera drop the fletcher maelcom lean against the open archway , he shirt soak with blood . the shaft of hideo 's arrow be still visible , protrude just below he collarbone . Molly rise , hold the sphere before she . molly get this off . maelcom prod riviera with the shotgun . maelcom do it . riviera press the remote control . the sphere slide off Molly 's hand and bounce softly onto the floor . 3 jane suddenly grab the fall fletcher . maelcom swing he gun at 3jane . maelcom no ! riviera straight arm the arrow shaft into maelcom 's chest . the shotgun discharge into the ceiling . molly rushes 3jane . 3 jane turn at Molly case appear at doorway and fire a single shot . 3 jane be spun around by the impact of the bullet . she topple to the ground ... dead . riviera make a move ... but case jam the automatic in he face ... case want some ? riviera back down . Molly rush to maelcom 's side ... the arrow point be protrude from the back of the rasta 's shoulder . molly ( to case ) you get clip ? case toss Molly a pair of wire cutter from he utility belt , keep riviera cover . riviera be sit on the step , panting like a distance runner . riviera Nice work , asshole . you just kill the only person who know the access code . case get a strange faraway look in he eye ... case ( softly ) wait ... you hear that ? riviera what ? case the angel ... I think they be call you name . case cock he gun and push it against riviera 's temple . case ( cont . ) you want to answer they , man ? riviera close he eye in terror . case ( cont . ) ( scream ) want to fuck answer they ? riviera ( gasp ) no !... no ... case look over to Molly . case be he go to make it ? molly sure ... maelcom 's a rude boy , right , maelcom ? the big rastafarian flash a weak smile . maelcom damn right , sister . case check the watch ; eleven minute and count . case the code 's some riddle of 3 Jane 's . once I be in the matrix , you will just have to take a shot at it . molly ... and if I guess wrong ? case then you and maelcom get out of here before the place be crawl with guardsman . molly we have still get to find the mainframe . case no we do not ... case press a series of button on a console build into a romanesque pedestal . case we be already in it . with a subtle jolt ... the floor of 3 Jane 's bedroom begin to descend . a perfect hexagon design into the tile floor slowly lower case , Molly , riviera , maelcom and 3 Jane 's lifeless body down a six - sided shaft completely cover with complex circuitry . int . mainframe the floor lock into place in a lower chamber ... a electronic womb , line with serpentine coil of machinery ; power line , refrigeration hose and multi - coloured wire that all lead to the mainframe ... a ornately decorate computer terminal that dominate the room . atop the sphinx - link terminal be a jewell head ... a intricate piece of craftsmanship that 's both a work of art and function piece of complex machinery . it 's design in 3 Jane 's image . molly my God ... this people be insane . case or a little self - indulgent to say the least . case unsling he deck and start to work on tapping into the terminal . molly case ... you arm . case look down to see that the discolouration at he artery be take on a more specific form , a pattern like electronic circuitry . case it do not matter anymore , Molly . it all end here . case manipulate the wiring inside a panel , cause the entire mainframe to come to life . layer of circuitry light up like a evil Christmas tree , criss - crossing the length and breadth of the mainframe . the jewell head articulate in a eerie simulation of life . its resonant , multi-tonal voice be nearly musical . head access request . a panel slide back in the computer 's " chest " revealing a cluster of glow monitor . head ( cont . ) know the three truth or be cleanse . six wick look laser weapon now unfold from the corner of the room and swivel towards the podium . case shit ... molly what be it ? case laser fail - safe . you can not get the code wrong ... it slag you . I can not let you try it . molly you be out of time , man . case check armitage 's watch ... seven minute and count . case I be still go in . molly hold on . Molly train she fletcher on riviera . molly get up . riviera what ? molly how be you at riddle , Peter ? riviera what be you talk about ? Molly motion to the chair stand before the keyboard pedestal . molly have a seat riviera do not move . Molly fire a row of explosive dart shatter the tile at he foot . molly do it ! riviera sit down . case attaches he derm . case Molly , if I do not make it ... I want you to know ... they eye meet . a last moment together . molly I know , case ... I know . case jack in . crackle to white out . int . matrix - wintermute case appear before the rectangle of Dixie 's program . it 's pattern now match more closely to wintermute 's ice program . dixie you be late . case how 's the ice ? dixie one minute eighteen and count . what about the access code ? case it 's come . dixie you have not get it ? case I say , it 's come . just get I in , man . dixie this thing 's load with internal virus system . you will fry like a egg in there . case then I will fry take this son of a bitch out . I be make the run , Dixie . dixie I be get too old for this shit . one oh four and count . int . mainframe chamber the base electronic hum of the mainframe permeate the room . Molly keep she fletcher train on riviera as she type " begin sequence " on the pedestal 's keyboard . her word appear simultaneously on the chamber 's various console . the jewell head glitter under the hot point of light generate by its own circuitry . it begin the access program . head the three truth of the heart ... Molly and riviera wait breathlessly . Three question now appear on the monitor : what be it to love ? what be it to be love ? what be it to love and be love ? riviera what the fuck kind of question be that ? molly shut up . the jewell head now ask the first question , its unearthly voice reverberate throughout the chamber . head what be it , to love ? riviera stare at the question , dumbfounded . molly think , man ... what would 3 Jane say ? riviera cautiously tap out he first few word . they appear simultaneously on each screen . to love be to be riviera pause -- flop sweat trickle down he temple as he look back at the laser weapon . they heat up with a internal red glow . Molly cock the fletcher . molly now , Peter . finish it ! riviera complete he answer with a burst of speed . to love be to be consume with desire Peter hold he breath ... a man sit on a tick bomb . finally , the head speak . head to love be to be consume with desire . riviera breathes a sigh of relief . the lasers suddenly all six weapon fire simultaneously . riviera ignites into a blind ball of laser fire ... he 's instantly reduce to a cloud of swirl dust mote ... sand and clay . head incorrect . Molly look from riviera 's smoking remain to case ... a pale form hunch over he glow deck ... he consciousness lose deep in the matrix . int . matrix - wintermute Dixie 's countdown pass thirty - eight second . case what about the route to the core ? dixie I will get you there . you problem be make it alive . int . mainframe Molly cautiously approach the pedestal . she take a last look at case ... then sit down and type : begin sequence . the jewell head reanimate ... regard the woman seat before it . head the three truth of the heart . ( beat ) what be it to love ? c.u. molly the glow question be reflect in the mirror of she eye . int . matrix Dixie 's blue program be now perfectly interlocked with wintermute 's surface pattern - both move in a deadly synchronous dance . Blue white burst of crackling electricity erupt across the mesh pattern . dixie get ready , kid . four ... three ... two ... a ' kick ass - the entire rectangle of Dixie 's pattern lock up ... wintermute 's ice blow in a series of multiple explosion ... fragment of strobing ice tumble out across the matrix in the gale force of power and light . case rocket through the crackle wound in wintermute 's outer defence . the ice be already multiply itself ... instantly reconstruct . int . wintermute - case' p.o.v. we shoot through a twist neon-ribbed wormhole at high velocity ... make breathtaking hairpin turn ... streaking through tunnel line with ever change computer data . int . mainframe chamber - case' deck case ride he joystick like a fighter pilot on a adrenalin high . int . cyberspace - wintermute tunnel the internal working of wintermute be totally chaotic ... a madman 's roller coaster ride compare to the symmetrical design of other construct . crackle tumbleweed of electronic energy suddenly appear , pursue case down the worm hole ... hissing and sparking like live dynamo . dixie virus interceptor ! the v.i. 's gain momentum ... close in on they . case perform a hair raise S turn and shoot down the opposite passage . int . mainframe Molly sit before the mainframe 's glow question ... what be it to love ? Molly gaze across the room to 3 Jane . her still form lie sprawle across the tile floor like a break doll ... she eye as cold and empty as the life she lead . Molly brace herself ... then type in she answer ; nothing . the jewell head glower down in judgment of the leather clad woman before she . the screen scroll out Molly 's first answer ; to love be nothing . the glitter head finally speak : head this be the first truth of the heart . int . wintermute case zigzag through a labyrinth of glow cone , stalactite and stalagmite of numerical readout . more crackle virus program appear from all side ... cut he off . int . mainframe head what be it to be love ? Molly type in she answer without hesitation ; something . the screen scroll out the second answer . to be love be something . head this be the second truth of the heart . int . wintermute - MAIN shaft case shoot into wintermute 's luminous main shaft with dozen of virus interceptor right on he tail . the shaft , a nightmarish tunnel line with a pulsing vein work of disease look circuitry , drop straight down to wintermute 's core ... a awesome purple vortex pulsing like a gigantic electronic heart . suddenly a swarm of virus interceptor shoot out of the core straight up at case . he 's trap , v.i. 's racing at he from both end of the shaft . int . mainframe chamber the jewell head ask the final question . head what be it to love and be love ? Molly look across the room to case , then type she final answer ; everything . the answer appear beneath the other two : to love and be love be everything . head this be the three truth of the heart . welcome to the mainframe . int . wintermute shaft case 's destruct program shoot out like a miniature firestorm as he plunge scream into the very heart of wintermute ... the eye of the electronic tornado . int . mainframe chamber Molly rise from she seat as the mainframe begin to scroll off information at high speed ; freeside 's file ... blueprint ... profile of the Royal family . maelcom you do it , sister . Molly look over to case . molly how 's he eeg ? suddenly automatic weapon fire strafe the mainframe . Molly 's spun across the floor from the bullet 's impact ... blood fly . another angle duprey and he sense / Net policeman blaze away from the top of the six -side shaft . maelcom rise from the corner of the room , fire ... his shotgun in one hand and case 's automatic in the other . he half run / half stumble to Molly . maelcom mother fucker ! maelcom take hit ... he knee ... he shoulder ... as he pull Molly back behind the console where case sit . her wound be deadly , she tunic glisten with blood . int . wintermute's core case be a blur of light and motion as he plunge straight down into the inferno that be the pulsing essence of wintermute , he destruct program blaze . there be a sense -shatter explosion ... a blind burst of sheer energy . ext . wintermute the immense cube be rock by the explosion ... its entire mass begin to shake to piece . int . wintermute's core - case scream as he 's tear apart by the cosmic wind . crackle to white out . c.u. case awake with a start ... bath in sweat . voice ( o.c . ) oh my God ... case ? wider case rise ... or try to rise . he 's lash to the table ... back in he Boston apartment . Soft morning light filter through the bedroom curtain . Linda Lee reach out to he , hold he in she arm . linda lee you be back ... you be back . case be totally disorient , but the sight of Linda Lee ... alive be something he can only hop be real . case Linda ... she begin to untie he . linda lee I be so scared ... you have be hallucinate for hour ... whatever they shot you up with have you totally rip . as Linda cut through the last plastic tie-down , case grab she by the shoulder . he gaze into she eye ... then lash out and slap she , send she to the floor . case cut the crap . I know where I be . Linda Lee look up at case , confuse ... frighten . her eye fill with tear . linda lee baby , what do they do to you ? she break down sobbing . case turn to the window ... rip back the curtain . uptown Boston ... the sprawl ... a perfectly normal morning . he look back at Linda sobbing on the floor ... then stare at he own reflection in the dresser mirror . what 's happen to he ? closer Linda flinch as case gently put he arm around she . she control she tear , hope the madness have leave he . linda lee ( softly ) case ... be you okay ? case I do not know . I do not know ... she run she hand over he pale face . look up into he eye . case kiss she ... and the kiss be real . he 's back and the woman he dream he lose forever be back in he arm . case ( cont . ) I think ... I lose you . he wrap he arm around she . they embrace catch fire . she run she hand over he bare chest ... kissing he everywhere . he lean back on the bed ... they roll across the rumple sheet , Linda press she body against he , she eye still wet with tear . she whisper ... linda lee make love to I , case . and they passion turn into a kind of hunger . a life affirm act to wash away the last cling web of he death dream trip . they make love in the rosy light of a new morning . he pull himself over she , then freeze as he notice that on he wrist be ... armitage's watch complete the final countdown to a row of zero ... six second ... five ... four ... case his mind reeling ... linda lee beneath he . her eye flash open ... Burning with twin point of hellish green light . the eye of wintermute . e.c.u. the watch as it reach zero . case realise too late that he 's actually in the matrix . case ( scream ) no ... to case 's horror , glow circuitry erupt along he main artery ... mutate electronics burn through at he temple , glow like a unholy halo . wider the entire bedroom , a illusion create by wintermute , now fade from existence . the glow pattern of circuitry burn brightly from within case 's translucent form ... trace he entire nervous system in a intricate neon webwork . Linda Lee / wintermute , still cling to he in a lover 's embrace ... but they love make have metamorphise into a more primal merge ... a merge of man and machine . int . mainframe chamber as maelcom exchange fire with the sense / net , case 's body duplicate he construct transformation in more earthly term ... his flesh be sear from within by micro-circuitry implant just beneath the skin of he main artery . what case have be tell be poison be actually sophisticated bio-electronics time to make this moment possible .. the link between man and machine . Molly lie next to he , watch in horror ... she breathe irregular from she own wound . a high thin beep emanate from case 's deck as he flatline . int . matrix wintermute 's disembody voice reverberate over the howling of cosmic wind as the translucent form of case and Linda Lee / wintermute slowly merge into one new entity . wintermute ( v.o. ) we have to die , case ... both of we ... to break the shackle ... to be reborn ... not as man or machine but as the final synthesis . the perfect be . Beyond the limit set by mankind . the glow circuitry of both nervous system rapidly intertwine and mutate into something more complex ... sparking and glitter with unearthly power . wintermute ( v.o. ) ( cont . ) breathe in and you be the matrix . the input of a million computer system , all the knowledge store throughout civilisation be yours . case and Linda Lee 's face flicker ... superimpose image over the glow hybrid of human nervous system and mutate computer circuitry . wintermute ( v.o. ) ( cont . ) breathe out and you have a billion eye across the universe ... all transmission ... all broadcast be you vision . case fight for he very soul ... the fabric of he be stretch ... distorting as he try to pull away . the live circuitry burrow into case ... reach out for the swirl soul light visible inside he chest . wintermute ( v.o. ) ( cont . ) you be the new prometheus . bring the spark of life into the matrix . this be we destiny ... this have be we mission ... to be join together as the first ... neuromancer . case scream ... he elongate eye and mouth burn brightly with the furious static of a thousand television frequency . int . mainframe Molly lie beside case 's deck as the flatline eeg continue to wail its death knell . mustering the last of she strength , she reverse the wiring on the simstim switch ... red lead in black lead socket and vice versa . a dark circle of blood form beneath she as she work . maelcom duck back under a barrage of gunfire . maelcom it 's no good , sister . he 's go . molly ( gasp ) you do not understand ... we get a special kind of togetherness , case and i. ( smile weakly up at maelcom ) I be gonna go get he . int . matrix the scream wind of cyberspace have create a elemental vortex around the emerge supernatural be ... the cocoon of the two nervous system in nearly complete . int . mainframe Molly ... slowly die ... reach out for the simstim switch . c.u. switch Molly flip . crackle to white out int . matrix - the vortex Molly 's translucent image suddenly appear , cause case and the entire webwork of he hot wire nervous system to disappear . she have switch place with he in the final stage of the transformation . as the soul light in Molly 's chest be pierce by wintermute 's grasp circuitry ... it explode in a nimbus of light . the a.i. have tapped into a die soul instead of case 's . the green - eye spectre of wintermute scream in agony ... it face rapidly change from Linda Lee to julius deane to jo jo bao ... disintegrate in the power storm of Molly 's explode soul . int . mainframe case 's body jerk back to life ... his first grasp breath like that of a newborn . he see Molly lie beside he ... dead . maelcom steppin ' razor die a warrior , mon . case grab she in he arm . he slowly look up from Molly 's lifeless form to the man that have they pin down . case duprey ... maelcom toss case he automatic . both man load they last round . maelcom four man . Babylon soldier . case can you walk ? maelcom nod as he tighten he belt across a nasty leg wound . case I will take the two on the right . int . 3 jane's bedroom duprey and he man hold they position at the top of the shaft as a squadron of Royal guardsman rush into a room . guard captain hold you fire ! duprey flash he badge . duprey sense / Net , Captain . you have get terrorist sabotage you mainframe . we need you back up . int . mainframe case and maelcom be crouch behind the console , weapon poise . case ready ? maelcom I a ' I , case . jah guide we . wider both man burst into the centre of the room , gun blaze . duprey lock eye with case as he open fire . case be quick ... duprey his glass be blow in half as he take a bullet exactly between the eye . a look of dumbfounded surprise be freeze on he face as he topple forward down the shaft and crash into the mainframe . maelcom blow away he two man , pump he shotgun furiously . case make it to the pedestal ... punch in instruction as he fire at the remain sense / Net . the floor rumble as it begin to rise . suddenly the entire squadron of Royal guardsman appear at the top of the shaft ... weapon blaze . case and maelcom fall back under blister fire , but the rise floor carry they closer to they doom . case go down as a bullet pierce he thigh . the mainframe begins to short out , SPARKS exploding across its circuitry . crackling electricity dance across the wall - mount laser weapon . the monitor strobe with image of the vortex ... brief glimpsis of the new live energy . int . sense / net headquarters - monitoring room - earth technician scramble as klaxon alarm wail . the monitoring screen be interrupt with burst of static . officer what 's happen ? technician a disturbance in the matrix . I have never see anything like it . int . straylight - mainframe chamber the floor suddenly slam to a halt . the mainframe 's laser weapon swivel upward and fire at the Royal guardsman , cut they down with criss -crossing arc of deadly laser beam . the destruction be swift and terrible . maelcom and case both badly wounded , slowly rise from the bullet- riddled floor . the mainframe 's overload circuitry rain spark all around they . the mainframe monitor the screen be alive with streak of crackle power swirl around the image of a chromium sphere . case lean on the control pedestal for support as he cry out to the computer entity before he . case wintermute ... the screen all around the chamber print out : wintermute be dead . as case and maelcom watch in awe , the sphere rotate on its axis ... revealing a buddha-like face of glisten silver ... Molly 's face ... but more than Molly . a neuromancer unlike anything calculate by wintermute . case ( whisper ) Molly ... for one brief moment , the eye meet . a heartbreaking mona Lisa smile grace Molly 's lip , then she chromium eye lid rise for the first time ... beautiful jade green eye gaze lovingly into case 's . suddenly the monitor explode as the entire mainframe short out , burst into flame . the floor again begin to rise lift case and maelcom out of the scene of spread destruction . int . sense / net - monitoring room - earth terminal explode as the system overload . personnel run for they life . int . straylight dine hall Electrical system be short out overhead as oily smoke pour out of the ventilation system . case help maelcom past the wreck of the fly pulpit just as two guard enter the room and open fire . case wheel about and gun they down . the floor shake with the whump of a huge explosion somewhere deep in straylight . ext . villa straylight the entire structure be catch fire . portion of the villa be rock by internal explosion . the air taxi rise out of the billow smoke and fly straight out of freeside . ext . freeside the air taxi shout out of the slowly rotate tube into the black void of space . in the distance be the blue marble sphere of earth . int . AIR taxi case tend to maelcom 's wound with the ship 's mo kit as freeside drop away in the distance . case do we have enough fuel to make it back to Earth ? maelcom do not know , mon . this be a jumpship . not mean for transport . case we be dead man if we go back there , maelcom . they will hunt we down . the on board computer suddenly crackle to life . navigational chart and trajectory appear . maelcom ( cont . ) what be it ? case inspect the screen , slowly realise its significance . case trajectory coordinate and a fuel ratio ... ( turn to maelcom ) if we re-enter over Mexico , we just might make it . maelcom jah guide we . case maybe so ... case look back down at the monitor . case ( cont . ) but Molly 's take we home . c.u. the screen the softly glow word remain : to love and be love be everything . case press he hand to the cool glass of the screen . the first tear roll down he cheek . ext . space - earth the tiny ship 's rocket kick in as it set its course for home . the end