network procucer ? Howard gottfry . direcator : siducy lumer ravizad mowember , i975 network revise 12/31/75 1 's fade in : : black screen L. . narrator this story be about Howard beale . who be the network news anchorman on ubs - tv -- a bank of four color television monitor ie be 7:14 p.m. , Monday , September 22 , 1975 , and we be watch the network news program on CBS , NBC , ABC and ubs - tv , the network of we story . the audio be off ; and head shot cf walter cronkite , JOHN chancellor , howard K. smith and harry rfeasonfr , and , of course , the anchorman of we network , howard beale , silently flict and flicker across the four television screen , intersperse with the news of the day -- presidenr Ford 's new Energy Program , a hearing on Patty hearst 's beil , truce viclation in Beirut , bus- trouble in Boston ... narration continue over -~ narrator ( contd ) ~- in he time , Howard beale have be a mandarin of television , the grand old man of news , with 's hut rating of 16 and a 28 audience share -- . : camera move in to isolate howard beale , who be -everything a anchorman sheulc be -- 58 year old , splver - haire , magisterial , dignify to the point of divinity . narration continue over -- narrator ( contd ) -- in 1969 , however , he fell to a 22 share , and , by 1972 , he be down to a 15 share . in 1973 , he wife die , and he be leave a childless widower with a & rating and @ 12 ; share . he become morose ard isolate , ! 2 begin the drink heavily , and , on September 22 , 1975 , he be fire , effective in two week . the news be break to he by Max schumacher -- $ ext : sth : ave . south of s7th STREET - night 2 . | 11:30 p.m. the area be desert except for a few | stroller window - shapping the depertment store . and : way down near 55th Street , two roaring drunk middie - age man , eoward beale and mak schumacher , reeling along and hoot it up . ' narraticn continue over -- narrator ( contd ) -- who be president of the News division at ubs and a old friend . the two man get properly piss -- closer shot of howard and max ( who be a craggy , lumber , rough-hewn , 5 l~ - year - old man ) , thoroughly _ plaster and on a drunken laugh jag -- howard ( clutching the corner mailbox to keep from fall ) when be this ? max 1951 -- howard I be at CBS with Ed murrow in 1951 . do not you join murrow in 1951 ? -- max must have be 1950 then . I be at NBC . Morning News . associate producer . I be a kid , twenty - six year old . anyway , they be building the lower level on the George Washington Bridge , and we be do a remote there . except nobody tell I ! -- for some reason , this knock they out . howard , wheeze with suppress laughter , clutches the mailbox . max have to shout to get the rest of the story out -- max ( contd ) -- ten after seven in the morning -- I get a call -- '' where the hell be you ? -- you be suppose to be on the George Washington Bridge ! " -- I jump out of bed -- I throw my raincoat over my pajamas -- I run down the stair -- I get out in the street -~ I flag a cab -- I jump in -- I say : '' take I to the middle of the George Washington Bridge ! " -- it 's too much again . the two men dissolve into silent wheeze spasm of laugh - revise 12/31/75 max ( contd ) ( tear stream down he cheek ) -- the driver turn around -- he say ~- do not do it , buddy -- ( 30 weak now he can barely talk ) -- he say -- you be a young man -~ you get you whole life shead of you -- he can not go on . he stomp around on the sidewalk . howard clutches the mailbox . int : a bar - 3:00 a.m. 3. any bar . mostly empty . max and howard in a booth , so sodden drunk they be sober -- howard I be go to kill myself -- max oh , shit , Howard -- howard I '' go to blow my brain out right on the air , right in the middle of the seven o'clock news , like that girl in plorida last year -- max you will get a hell of a rating , I will tell you that , a fifty share easy — howard you think so ? max we could make a series out of it . suicide of the week . Hell , why limit ourselves ? execution of the week -- the Madame defarge show ! iery Sunday night , bring you knitting and watch somebody get guillotine , hang , electrocute , gass . for a logo , we will have some brute with a black hood over he head . think of the spinoff -- rape of the week -- be { h for CO howard ( beginning to get catch up in the idea ) . terrorist of the week ? -- beautiful ! howard how about coliseum ' 74 ? every week we throw some Christians to the lion ! -- max fantastic ! the death hour ! I love it ! suicide , assassination , mad bomber , mafia hitmen , murder in the barbershop , human sacrifice in witch ' coven , automobile smashup . the death hour ! a great Sunday night show for the whole family . we will wipe Disney right off the air -- they snigger and snort . howard lay he head down on the booth 's table and verge on sleep -- int : howard bedroom - 4:30 a.m. - dark 4 . howard , fully clothed , sprawle asleep on he still - cover bed in the dark bedroom . suddenly , he sit bolt upright , scream out against unseen terror -- int : howard apartment house ~- landing 5 . outside he door = 8:00 a.m. - tuesday , sept . 24 -~ as howard housekeeper , a middle - age lady , let herself into -- int : ' howard apartment - entrance foyer the housekeeper , unbuttone she coat , be greet by the sound of a raucous clock alarm , relentlessly buz o.s . she cross the -- int : live room -- and open the blind let in a eruption of daylight . the shrill buz get louder , she proceed into the -- '' int : back foyer mo , 4 = ~ where she pause to look into the bedroom , the door lo be ajar ; the buz be come from here -- a g 7 . revise 12/31/75 housekeeper's p.o.v . ~- howard beale , still wear the clothes he wear last night , curl in a position of fetal helplessness on the floor in the far corner of the room -- housekeeper ( after a moment ) be you all right , Mr. beale ? howard ( open one eye ) I be fine , thank you , Mrs. merryman -- with some effort , he contrive to get to he foot as the housekeeper cross to the alarm clock and turn it off -- . credit and music erupt onto the screen 6 . title : " network " under and interspersed with credit , a montage of scene , occasionally audible , on this seemingly routine day -- int : howard beale '’s office - sth floor - 7 . 9:20 a.m. a small , unpretentious office , cluttere with book , magazine , periodicals , photograph and award on the wall , various memento here and there . howard ( neckty and in shirtsleeve ) , behind hia desk , rattling away he copy for that evening 's broadcast on he typewriter -- pause to pour himself a quick shot of scotch -- int : the nightly news room - room 517 - 8 . 10:30 a.m. the common room off which Howard 's office debouch . a large room compactly filléd with the desk of producer , associate producer , head writer and writer , production assistant , etc . the walis be festoon like bulletin board with sheave of newspaper page and cutout and ream of wire release {there be two wire machine in a corner ) . large blowup of howard beale be prominently display . there be small , shelve library of book , directory and magazine here and there . and the ever- present bank of four television monitor ; and , since it be 10:30 a.m. , Tuesday , September 23 , 1975 , revise 12/31/75 6 . and , since the audio be off , the screen silently iy flicker with whatever be on that day at that time . ao howard come out of he office , cross through the | general hum of informal industry , a occasional | : typewriter clacking , a more than occasional phone ringing , as the nightly News room personnel , all in | they 20' and 30' , move , murmur , confer about they | business . howard beale make for a ledge of | reference book to check out some fact . he spread | the reficrence book out on a unoccupy desk . someone in b.g. tell he he 's want on the phone . he nod , take the call at the desk he be at . throughout , he belt away at he glass of booze -- 9 . int : office of the exec . producer of ubs ~- 9 . network news - ubs build - 5 th floor ~- 1:00 p.m. - tuesday another smallish office debouch off the main room like Howard 's , absolutely jamme with nine people , a couple of they stand , the other sit wherever they can . the executive producer , harry hunter ( early 40' ) , be behind the desk . howard beale sit on the small , finnish modern couch , flanke by a associate producer and a nan from the graphic Department . aside from beale and hunter , everybody else be in they 20' or early 30' , and , with the same exception , they be all casually dress . this be the daily run-down meeting at which the schedule for that evening 's broadcast be rough out , and it sound something lik this -- howard ( reach for the bottle of booze on hunter be desk to refill he glass ) : j -- let 's do the Lennon deportation at the end of three -- harry hunter that strong enough to bump ? howard ( sip he booze ) in one then , I '1l do a lead on Sarah Jane Moore to mayberry in i San Francisco -- ! _ — associate producer CO ) the film I see be the Chief ~ of detective -- revise 12/31/75 graphic man I think we get maybe ten second on the shoot itself -- production assistant the whole thing be one-twenty - five -- howard . what dow that come out ? production assistant about four-fifty -- associate producer be we use squeaky fromme ? harry hunter let 's do that in two -- squeaky -- Ford at the airport ~~ bump . now , we use a map go into San Francisco ? graphic man I prefer a news - pix -- howard pour himself another shot of booze and sip it -- howard what have we get leave ? production assistant gun control , Patty hearst affadavit , guerilla in Chad , OPEC in Vienna -- 10 . int : 4 th floor corridor - ubs build - 10 . 6:28 p.m. - tuesday looking into the small network - news make - up room where howard beale be stand , kleenex tuck into he shirt collar , get a few last whisk from the make - up lady . finish , howard pull the kleenex from he collar , take a last sip from a glass of booze on the make - up shelf , gather he papers and exit , turn and enter -- will . 12 . revise 12/31/75 _ 3 /9 int : network news studio - 4th floor li . typical newsroom studio -- camera , cable , wall map , flat and prop , etc . howard nod , smile to various personnel --. cameramen , assistant director , associate producer -- as he make he way to he desk face camera one . he sit , prepare he papers , look up to the control room , nod -- music abruptly out : end of credit : int : control room - 4th floor 12 . the clock wall read : 6:30 . typical control room . a room-length double bank of television monitor . include two color monitor screen , the show monitor and the pre- set monitor . before this array of tv screen sit the director , flanke on he leave by the production assistant ( girl ) , who stop-watch the show , and on he right by the technical director who operate a special board of button and knob . ( on the technical director 's right sit the lighting director ) . at the moment , the show monitor have the network 's Washington correspondent , jack snoxden , go a follow - up on the attempt assassination of President Ford in San Francisco -- snowden ( on monitor ) -- the first attempt on President Ford 's life be eighteen day ago -- an@ again yesterday in San Francisco -- director omumure into he mike ) -- Lou , kick that little thing shut on ground level -- . snowden ( on monitor ) -- in spite of two attempt -- the show monitor screen have switch over to show film of President Ford arrive at the San Francisco airport -- snowden ( v.0o . on monitor ) -- Mr. Ford say he will not become -- production assistant ( mumur ) -- forty second -- director ( mumur into mike ) -- twenty second to one -- 12 . o o ser ress ser eer be 10 cont 'd , , : 12 . director - -- one -- howard beale 's image suddenly flip on - screen ~- production assistant -- thirty second to commercial frecze -- director -- head roll -- technical director -- roll -- the director and technical director turn in they seat to join harry hunter and he secretary in a brief gossip -- howard ( on monitor ) ~- lady and gentleman , I would like at this moment to announce that I will be retire from this program in two week 's time because of poor rating -- the director have whisper something to harry hunter's secretary which occasion snigger from the secretary and from harry hunter . the technical director stand ' to get in on the joke -- assistant director ( to director ) -- what would you say ? -- howard ( on monitor ) -- and since this show be the only thing I have go for I in my life , I have decide to kill myself -- harry hunter's secretary murmur something which cause harry hunter to burst into laughter -- assistant director {to the director ) -- so what would she say ? -- howard ( on monitor ) -- I will tell you what I be go to do , I be go . to blow my brain out right on this program a week from today -- production assistant ( frown and very puzzle indeed by this diversion from the script ) ~- ten second to commercial howard ( on monitor ) -- so tune in next Tuesday . that will : give the public relation people a we matl 1 '' o 12 . cont'd. revise 12/31/75 .. 11 howard ( on monitor ) ( contd ) week to promote the show , and we ought to get a hell of a rating with that , a fifty share easy -- a bewilder production assistant nudge the director , who wheel back to he mike -- director ( into mike ) -- and -- production assistan T ( to the director ) listen , do you hear that ? -~- director take vt A. the monitor screen erupt into a commercial for cat food . audio man ( lean in from he glass - in cubicle ) what be that about ? production assistant ( to the director ) Howard just say he be go to blow he brain out next Tuesday . director what be you talk about ? production assistant do not you hear he ? he just say -- harry hunter what 's wrong now ? production assistant Howard just say he be go to kill himself next Tuesday . harry hunter what do you mean Howard just say he be go to kill himself next Tuesday ? production assistant ( nervously riffling through she script ) he be suppose to do a tag on ron nesson and into commercial -- o o 12 audio man ( from he . doorway ) he say tune in next Tuesday , I be go to shoot myself -- everybody 's attention be now on the double bank of black - and - white monitor screen show various part of the studio , all of which show agitate behavior . several of the screen show howard at he desk in vehement discussion with a clearly startle floor manager with headset and no less startle associate producer -- director ( on mike to floor manager ) what the hell 's go on ? on the pre-set monitor screen , the floor manager with headset look up -- floor manager ( on screen ) ( voice . booming into the control room ) I do not know . he just say he be go to blow he brain out -- director ( into mike ) what the hell 's this all about , Howard ? howard ( on monitor ) ( shouting at the floor personnel gather around he ) will you get the hell out of here ? we will be back on air in a couple of second ! director ( roaring into the mike ) what the fuck 's go on , Howard ? howard ( on monitor ) I can not hear you -- director ( bawling at the audio man ) put the studio mike ont ! audio man we be back on in eleven second -- be ey 12 . al t cont'd . neiwork - revise 1/14/76 slocum ( on floor ) they want to know what the fuck be go on , Howard . . howard ( on monitor ) 's I can not hear you ... director ( bawling at the audio man ) put the studio mike on ! audio man wetre back on in eleven second . associate producer Harry , I think we better get he off -- harry hunter ( roaring at the audio man ) turn he mike off ! audio man ( now back . in the control room ) what the hell 's go on ? harry hunter ( raging ) turn the fuck sound off , you stupid son of a bitch ! this be go cut live ! production assistant ( stop-watch ) Three -- two ~- one -- director take 2 -- at which point , the technical director push a button ; the jangling catfood commercial flip off the show monitor to be instantly replace by a scene of gather bedlam around howakd 's desk . the audio man flee in panic back to he cubicle to turn off the audio but not before harry hunter and the director go out live to 67 affiliate can be neard booming : : harry hunter chrissake ! Black it out ! this be go out live to sixty - seven fuck affiliate ! shit ! director this be the dumbest thing I ever see ! -- network - revise 1/14/76 13a 13 , int : max schumacher' office - fifth floor - 13 . cy room 509 a max schumacher , behind he desk stare petrify at he office console on which pandemonium have break out . — 14 the floor manager and the associate producer and now a electrician be try to pull howard away from he desk and howard be try to hit anybody he can with a ineffective right hand haymaker -- howard ( on monitor ) get the fuck away from I ! other voice ( on monitor ) ( come from all direction ) ~~ cut the show ! -- -- get he out of there ! -- -~ go to standby ! -~ -- for chrissake , you stupid -- ' max's phone ring -- max ( grab the phone ) how the hell do I know ? -- ( he hang up , seize another phone , bark : ) 's give I the network news control room ! on the monitor screen , hysteria be clearly dominate . the screen have suddenly leap into a fragment of the just - do catfood commercial , then a jarring shot of the bedlam of the studio floor . this particular camera seem unattend as it begin to pan dementedly back and forth show the confusion on the studio floor . then abruptly the screen be fill with vice President designate Nelson rockefeller testify before the Senate rule Committee -- max ( shouting into phone ) Black it outl the screen abruptly go into black as max slashes he phone back into its cradle . his phone promptly ring again , but max be already head for the door . the screen go into standby . his squawk BOX suddenly : blare -- squawk BOX what the hell happen , Max ? -- max ( shouting as he exit ) how the hell do I know ? I be go down now ! he stride into -- 15 . 16 . 17 . ms o 15 int : room 509 - common room of news 14 , executive office a large common room where all the secretary of the News division executive have they desk . it be empty now except for one secretary just now put the cover on she typewriter . max stride through and exit into -- int : fifth floor corridor 15 . a long institutional corridor -- part of a endless maze of similar corridor -- with office and technical room debouch on both side . the corridor have begin to fill up with video- tape operator and other News division personnel who happen to be work late -~ all of whom be either wonder what happen or be tell other what happen . max yank a exit door open and disappear down a flight of step to emerge into -- int : FOURTH floor corridor 16 . -- which lead directly to the door for the control room and for the studio . come out of the control room be the technical director , who , on spot max stride down the corridor to he , say -- technical director Jesus Christ , Mr. schumacher ! -- he follow max into the -- int : studio . 17 . everything seem to have quiete a bit , the hysteria down to mumble and murmur and occasional sound of laughter . telephone be shrilly and incessantly ' ringing . in the far corner of the studio sit howard . beale surround by harry hunter , the director , the associate producer , the production assistant , and the floor manager . cameramen , grip and other floor personnel be gather in a flux of little clump around the studio murmure and mutter and giggle over the whole absurd episode . max head straight for the group around howard . they part to let he in -- harry hunter {to max ) Tom cabell want you to call as soon as you come in -- max nod , stare at howard -- voice ( 0.s . ) Harry ! Joe sweeney on the phone ! -- qo 18. 19 . 16 harry hunter ( bawl back ) I be not take any more call ! tell they Mr. schumacher 's here ! they can talk to he ! max ( stare at howard ) Howard , you have get to be out of you everlove mind . be you drunk ? ( to the other ) : how much booz have he be do ' today ? phone 0.s. ring and ring . voice 0.s. shout -- voice ( 0.s. ) -~ Mr. schumacher , Mr. cabell on the phone ! -- <- Mr. schumacher ! Mr. Zangwill for youl -- -- Harry ! Mr. thackeray on Three ! -- howard slowly look up to max who be still . stare at he . he suddenly smile broadly at max and wink . voice ( 0.s . ) -- Harry ! thackeray want to talk to you right now ! -- ~~ Mr. schumacher ! . Mr. gianini want to talk to youl -- max ( to harry hunter ) you better get hold of Mr. chaney and Frank hackett -- int : fifth floor - ubs build . - elevator 1s. area - 10:47 p.m. frank hackett , executive senior vice President of the network , 41 year old , one of the new cool young breed of management / merchandise executive , wear a tuxedo -- ( he have be pull out of a dinner party in Westchester by this unfortunate business ) -- come out of the elevator and turn briskly into -- int : fifth floor corridor 19 . -- which be clotted with network executive of assort size and age . hackett , en route to room 509 , which be clearly the hum hub of activity up here , pause to comment to one of the executive -- 17 hackett Lou , can not we clear out that downstairs lobby ? there must be a hundred people down there , every - tv station and wire service in the city . I could barely get in -- Lou how be I go to clear they out , Frank ? hackett murmur and peel he way into -- ' 20 . int : ' room 509 - executive ' office of the 20 . ' news division ! hackett enter the common room , off which debouch the office of the President of News ( max schumacher ) , the vp News division ( ROBERT mcdonough ) , the vp Public Relations News division ( milton steinman ) , the vp legal affair News division ( walter gianini ) , vp own station . News ( emil dubrovnik ) , General manager News , Radio ( michael sandie ) -- all of whom be here and a number of other network executive . the vp sale ( joe donnelly ) be just take the phone from the vp peak , News sale ( richmond kettering ) who be seat at the La ) desk of the secretary for vp Public Relations News vision -- donnelly ( on phone ) -- how many spot be wipe out ? -- hackett ( to gianini , who be seat at another secretary 's desk study a typescript of the abort news show ) anything litigable ? -- gianini not so far -- donnelly _ ( on phone ) -- we have to abort the show , Ed , what else could we do ? we will make good , do not worry about it -- hackett La , ( to arthur zangwill , vp ( > standards and practice , now come out of max 's '' office ) : be Nelson in there ? 21 . 18 zangwill he 's talk to wheeler . so far , over nine hundred fuck phone call complain about the foul language -- hackett ( mutter ) shit -- . p.r. man ( in b.g. on phone ) -- come on , mickey , what page be '' you put it on ?! -- hackett be already crossing into -~ int :. max's office 21 . -- which be pretty well jamme with nelson chaney ( President of the network ) , 52 , a patrician , sit behind max 's desk and on the phone , look up to note hackett 's arrival -- chaney {on phone ) Frank hackett just walk in -- milton steinman ( vp Public Relations News division ) , early 50' , a rumple , ordinarily amiable man , be stand by the desk on the phone to someone at CBS -- steinman ( on phone ) I can not release the tape , marty , we be still study it ourselves -- a p.r. man stick he head into the office -- p.r. man ( call to steinman ) ABC again , want the tape -- steinman tell he to go fuck himself -- ( to phone ) and that go for you too , marty -- hackett ( to howard beale , sit on the couch ) you be off the air as of now . — ( } '' 19 chaney ( extend he phone to hackett ) he want to talk to you -- hackett ( to max , lean against a wall ) who 's replace beale tomorrow ? max we be fly up snowden from Washington . steinman ( lean across hackett to turn up the volume . knob on Max 's desk ) all right , everybody hold it . let 's see how the other network handle this -- he be refer to the four television monitor -- three on the wall and a large office console monitor of ubs - tv , now blurt out they respective commercial -- thackeray ( vp station Relations , loung in the doorway ) the ten o'clock news open with it -- hackett ( on , phone ) walter 's draft a statement , I have not see it yet -- I just get here , John , i. be at a dinner party -- suddenly , the face of dave marash and roland smith and chuck scarborough and roger grimsby and bill beutel and the ubs local news anchorman , tim halloway , be on the screen . affable dave marash on the CBS monitor be say : marash ( affably ) a unusual thing happen at one of we sister network , . ubs , this evening -- roger grimsby ( almost simultaneously ) howaré beale , one of television 's most esteem newscaster -- oq ve 20 chuck scarborough Howard beale interrupt he network news program tonight to announce -- hackett ( mutter ) shit -- tim halloway Secretary of State Henry kissinger make a forceful address before the 's United Nations General Assembly -- hackett } ( to max ) how be we handle it ? | max halloway 's go to make a brief statement at the end of the show to the effect Howard 's be under great personal stress , et cetera -- hackett reach to click off the bank of monitor they abruptly go black . hackett ( on phone ) i'1l call you back , john. ' ( return the phone to its cradle , regards the gather executive ) all right . we have get a stockholder ' meeting tomorrow at which we be go to announce the restructure of management plan , and I do not want _this grotesque incident to interfere with that . I will suggest Mr. ruddy open with a short statement wash this whole thing off , and , you , Max , better have some answer in case some of that nut that always come to stockholder ' meeting -- max ( back to lean against the wall ) Mr. beale have be under great personal and professional pressure -~ hackett ( explode ) I have get some goddam surprise for you too , schumacher ! I have have it ( more ) — ed 22. 23. 21 hackett ( contd ) up to here with you cruddy division and its annual thirty - three million dollar deficit ! -- max keep you hand off my news division Frank . we be responsible to corporate level , not to you . : hackett we will goddam well see about that ! 1 chaney all right , take it easy . right now , how're we go to get beale out of . here ? I understand there 's at least | a hundred reporter and camera crew in the lobby . max we have get a limo wait at the freight entrance . Howard will stay at my place tonight . there 's bound to be press around he place . ; ext : sixth avenue ~ television row - 22 . wednesday , 10:00 a.m. - day high wide angle shot and / or shot show Television row -- that quarter mile of Sixth Avenue where the four television network have they chrome , marble and glass building rear futuristically into the sky -- 30 rock ( NBC - tv ) , Black rock ( CBS - tv ) , and hard rock ( ABC - tv ) , and , of course , the network of we story , ubs - tv . it be a nice , sunny day -- int : ubs . build - 5 th floor - max's office 23 . - wednesday - 10:00 a.m. - day sunlight stream in . max at he desk , shirtsleeve , on the phone -- max ( on phone ) -~- I want snowden here by noon . have lester cover the rockefeller hearing and give the White House to doris -- max's secretary stick she head in -- secretary you be late for you screen . 22 oq max hang up , stand , gather he jacket off a chair ws . and head for the door -- max if John wheeler call , switch he to screen room Seven -- he exit -- 24 . int : ninth floor - screening room 7 24 . a middle - size screen room with about 20 seat . there be two people already there -- a whippet - like , casually - dress man of 36 , bill herron , and the vp program , diana christenson , dress in slack and blouse , 34 , tall , willowy , and with the best ass ever see on a vice President in charge of programm -- gr a max ( enter ) I be sorry -- this beale business -- . max and diana exchange nod and professionally polite '' greeting -- herron ( buzzing the projectionist ) diana ask if she could sit in on this -- , . max Fine -- ( sit , call to diana ) how 's . it go ? diana shrug , smile . the light in the room go down . a shaft of light shoot out from the projection room . the phone at max 's elbow buzy . he pick it up -- max ( murmur into phone ) : Max schumacher -- I be glad I get 4 you , John . listen , I get into a i hassle with Frank hackett last | night over the Howard beale thing , ; and he make a crack about the stockholder ' meeting this afternoon . he say something about have some surprise for I . be there something go on , John , I do not know about ? ... John , I be count on you and Mr. ruddy to back I up against that son of a bitch ... okay , see you this afternoon -- o ee 23 he hang up , lean back , watch the documentary film which have just begin . on screen , a handsome black woman in she early 30' -- max who 's that , laureen hobb ? herron yeah . -~ be sit in a typical panel discussion grouping , flanke by three men and a woman , two white , two black , all very urban guerilla , in fatigue , sun glass and combat boot . miss hobb look calmly into camera and say : laureen hobb ( on screen ) the Communist Party believe that the most press political necessity today be the consolidation of the revolutionary , radical and democratic movement into a United Front -- the phone buzy softly . max pick it up -- max ( murmur into phone ) yeah ? ... oh , goddamit , when , Louise ? «se well , do he say anything ? ... all right , thanks . ( hang up , promptly pick up again ) four-eight - oh -seven -- laureen hobb ( on screen ) ( in b.g . ) repression be the response of a increasingly desperate , imperialist ruling clique . indeed , the entire apparatus of the bourgeois - democratic state especially its judicial system and its prison be disintegrate -- max ( on phone ) Harry , Howard leave my house about ten minute ago presumably head here . let I know as soon as he get here . laureen hobb ( on screen ) ( in b.g . ) the fascist thrust must be resist in its incipient stage by the broadest possible coalition -- May 25 , 24 int : screening room 7 - twenty minute later 25 , room still dark . on screen , numbered white leader be roll down -- herron what we be go to see now be something really sensational . the flagstaff independent Bank in Arizona be rip off last week by a terrorist group call the ecumenical Liberation Army , and they themselves actually take movie of the rip - off while they be rip it off . it 's in black and white , but wait will you see it -- the screen suddenly erupt into film of the interior of a bank be enter in the wake of three men , two of they black , and two women , one black and one white . they disperse to various part of the bank as if they be here on legitimate business -- diana the ecumenical Liberation Army -~ be that the one that kidnap Patty hearst ? herron no , that 's the symbionese : Liberation Army . this be the ecumenical Liberation Army . they be the one who kidnap Mary Ann gifford three week ago . there 's a hell of a lot of liberation army in the revolutionary underground and a lot of kidnap heiress . '' that 's Mary Ann gifford -- this last in reference to the young white woman on screen who be lug a shopping bag as she join a line at a teller 's window -- diana you mean , they actually shot this film while they be rip off the bank ? herron yeah , wait will you see it . I do not know whether to edit or leave it raw like this . that 's the great Ahmed Khan ; he 's the leader -- 26 . 25 on screen , the film have go out of focus a couple of time and bounce meaninglessly around the bank and finally settle on a large , powerful black man at one of the desk , presumably write out a series of deposit slip -- diana this be terrific stuff . where do you get it ? herron 1 I get everything through laureen hobb . she 's my contact for all this stuff . diana I think she be straight ' Communist Party . , herron right . but she 's try to unify all the faction in the underground , so she know . ) everybody . on screen , the camera have whoosh amateurishly about , unfocus and focus again to pick up mary ann gifford bend over she shopping bag and pull out a Czech service submachine gun 9 parabellum which she point to the ceiling and apparently fire ; the film be silent , but the reaction of everyone around suggest clearly something be fire . the film get fragment and panicky about here , as do the activity in the bank . the phone at max 's elbow buzy . max pick it up . max ( on the phone , while in b.g. a bank hold - up go on on screen ) yeah ? ... all right , put he on -- int : the nightly news room - room 517 26 . harry hunter , on phone , be use a empty desk in the main room . normal news room activity in b.g. -- harry hunter ( on phone , lean back to call into howard 's office ) Howard -- I have get Max on four , would you pick up ? -- ' 27 . 28. 29 , os 30. cf ( 2 26 int : howard office 27 . howard ( pick up phone ) listen , Max , I would like another shot -- int : screening room 7 28 . the silent footage of the frenetic bank robbery be still go on in b.g. max ( on phone ) oh , come on , Howard -- int : howard office 29 . howard : ( on phone ) I do not mean the whole show . I would just like to come on , make ' some kind of brief farewell statement and then turn the show.over to Jack snowden . I have eleven year at this network , Max . I have some stand in this industry . I do not want to go out like a clown . it will be simple and dignify . you and Harry can check the copy -- int : nightly news room 30 . across harry hunter on phone , look through the open door of howard 's office to howard at he desk in b.g. harry hunter ( on phone ) -- I think it will take the strain off the show , Max . how much time do you want , Howard ? howard ( in b.g. , on phone ) a minute forty - five , maybe two ... harry hunter all right , I will give you two on the top , then we will go to Jack snowden with the kissinger UN speech -- ro 31 . 32 . 33. 34 . o 27 int : screening room 7 31 . the show be over , the room light be on . in b.g. , diana and herron stand , murmur to each other -- max ( on phone ) and no booze today , Howard -- in b.g. , diana and herron move for the door , wave good - by . max wave slackly in return . he can not help notice as diana leave that she have the most beautiful ass ever see on a vp program -- int : howard office 32 . howard ( on phone ) no booze =~ for a moment , he just sit , scowling and make curious little grimace . then he stand , . '' remove he jacket , dump it on a chair . he roll he sleeve up and suddenly make a strange little grunt . he sit behind he desk , fit a piece of paper into the machine and then , again , suddenly , he make a strange little growl -- and hang up . int : nightly news room 33 . we production assistant , remember perhaps from the control room scene , pass howard 's open door and be give pause by the strange little noise come from howard 's office . she stand in the doorway a moment watch howard grunting , growling and snarling as he clack away at the typewriter -- - production assistant you all right , Mr. beale ? ( beale nod ) you want I to close you door , Mr. beale ? { howard nod , type away , grunt , growls ) . the production assistant close the door . int : 14 th ploor - ubs build - elevator area 34 . diana and herron come out of one of the elevator and turn leave to the glass door mark : department of programming . they continue into -- : a 35 . 36 . 37 . 38 . 39 . 28 int : programming department - reception area 35 . ( needless to say , there be no one at the receptionist 's desk . ) diana and herron head down -- . int : programming department . - corridor 36 . diana pause en route to lean into one of the office -- diana George , can you come in my office : for a minute ? she and herron continue on , turn into -- int : programming department - common room 37 . where the secretary be all slave away , read magazine and chat among themselves . a occasional phone ring . at the far end of the room , a chunky woman in she late 30' be instruct she secretary in something . diana hail she -- -diana Barbara , be Tommy around anywhere ? ) barbara ( in b.g . ) I think so . diana I would like to see the two of you for a moment -- she lead herron now into -- int : diana' secretary's office 38 . the secretary hand a sheaf of telephone message to diana which ' she carry with she into -- int : diana' office 39 . diana enter , follow by herron . she sit , skim through she message . the office be executive-size , window look out on the canyon of glass and stone skyscraper on Sixth Avenue , desk pile high with script . GEORGE bosch ( vp Program development East Coast ) , a slight , bald man of 39 , enter the office , nod to herron , take a seat ; and be immediately follow by barbara schlesinger ( head of the Story Department ) , the chunky lady just call in by diana , and tommy pellegrino ( Assistant vp program ) , 36 , swarthy , coiff and moustachioe . they find seat on the chair , the small couch . herron remain stand -- diana ( introduce ) this be Bill herron from we West Coast special program Department -- Barbara schlesinger ~- George bosch -- Tommy pellegrino -- look , I just see some rough footage of a special Bill 's do on the revolutionary underground . most of it 's tedious stuff of laureen hobb and four fatigue jacket mutter mutilate marxism . but he 's get about eight minute of a bank robbery that be absolutely sensational . authentic stuff . actually shot while the robbery be go on . remember the Mary Ann gifford kidnap ? well , it 's that bunch of nut . she 's in the film shoot off machine gun . really terrific footage . I think we can get a hell of a movie of the week out of it , maybe even a series . pellegrino a series out of what ? what be we talk about ? diana look , we have get a bunch of hobgoblin radical . call the ecumenical Liberation Army who go around take home movie of themselves robbing bank . maybe they will take movie of themselves kidnap heiress , hijack 747' , bombing bridge , assassinate ambassador . we would open each week 's segment with that authentic footage , hire a ' couple of writer to write some story behind that footage , and we have get ourselves a series . bosch a series about a bunch of bank - robbing guerilla ? schlesinger what be we go to call it -- the mao Tse tung hour ? 29 30 diana why not ? they have get Strike Force , Task Force , swat -- why not che guevara and he own little mod squad ? listen , I send you all a concept analysis report yesterday . do any of you read it ? ( apparently not ) well , in a nutshell , it say the american people be turn sullen . they have be clobbere on all side by Vietnam , watergate , the inflation , the depression . they have turn off , shot up , and they have fuck themselves limp . and nothing help . evil still triumph over all , Christ be a.dope -deal pimp , even sin turn out to be impotent . the whole world seem to be go nut and flipping off into space like a abandon balloon . so -- this concept analysis report conclude -~- the american people want somebody to articulate they rage for they . I have be tell you people since I take this job six month ago that I want angry show . I do not want conventional programming on this network . I want counter- culture . I want anti-establishment . she close the door . diana ( contd ) now , I do not want to play butch boss with you people . but when i. take over this department , it have the worst programming record in television history . this network have not one show in the top twenty . this network be a industry joke . we better start put together one winner for next September . I want a show develop , base on the activity of a terrorist group . Joseph stalin and he merry band of bolsheviks . I want idea from you people . and , by the way , the next time I send a audience research report around , you all ( more ) 31 my diana ( contd ) 2 better read it , or I will sack the a fuck lot of you , be that so clear ? ( apparently , it be . she turn to herron ) I will be out on the coast in four week . can you set up a meeting with laureen hobb for I ? herron sure . 40 . int : a.banquet room - new york hilton - 40 . wednesday - 3:00 p.m. long shot . a stockholder ' meeting . stand room only . some 200 stockholders seat in the audience ; other stand . around the wall . on the rostrum , a phalanx of ubs corporate executive , seat in three row , include edward ruddy , Chairman of the board , the president and senior vice=president of the other division and other group -- the ubs record Group , the ubs publish Group , the ubs theater chain , etc . representing the network be nelson chaney and the divisional head -- GEORGE nichol , President of the Radio division ; norman moldanian , President own station ; General counsel walter amundsen , and , of course , max schumacher , President of the News division . frank hackett , senior executive vice President ubs - tv , be at the lectern make the annual report -- hackett ( in the dron manner of such report ) '' + + but the business of management be management ; and , at the time ~ cc. c. and A. take control , the ubs - tv network be founder with less than seven percent of national television revenue , most network program be sell at station rate . I be therefore pleased to announce I be submit to the board of director a plan fer- the~vrgentnekion - ol_the — netwerk wirttr - the— - nseneier - 0 € — everving = @ethazitsyy , for the coordination of the main profit center , and with the specific intention of make each division more responsive to management -- ~ ~ C ) another angle singling out max schumacher in the ' second " '' / 32 row of the phalanx of executive , bored with the proceedings , and whisper to nelson chaney seat beside he . include in frame the 67 year old , silver - haire brahmin of television , edward ruddy , who be seat in the front row . hackett in b.g . it be some twenty minute later -- hackett ( contd ) ge igang frgn he report ) eee Point the division produce the lowest rate of return have be the News division -- ' max suddenly begin pay attention -- hackett ( contd ) -- with its 98 million dollar budget and its average annual deficit of 32 million . to I , it be inconceivable | such a wanton fiscal affront go unresist -- another angle across hackett with a smolder max : schumacher in b.g. -- ) hackett ( contd ) -- the new plan call for local news to be transfer to own station division -- max in b.g. , stare angrily down he row towards norman moldanian , who studiously avoid he eye -- hackett ( contd ) ~- News - Radio would be transfer to the ubs Radio division -- across max turn in he seat to scowl at GEORGE nichol in the row behind he -- hacket ( contd ) ( in b.g. ) -- and , in effect , the News division would be reduce -- max lean forward try to catch the eye of edward ruddy in the front row . ruddy be stare stonily ead -- hackett ( contd ) -- from a independent division to a department accountable to network -- max be about ready to blow he stack -- 42 . 43. 44 . 33 int : banquet room - new york hilton - 41 . wednesday - 5:30 p.m. the stockholder 's meeting be over . the floor be a swirl crush of stockholders mingling with executive . max schumacher be elbow he way through the crowded aisle to get to where edward ruddy be chat away with a couple of stockholders -- max ( to ruddy ) what be . that all about , Ed ? -- ruddy ( turn to max , urbane ) this be not the time , Max . max ( barely contain himself ) why be not I tell about this ? why be I lead onto that podium and publicly guillotine in front of ' the stockholder ? goddammit , I | speak to John wheeler this morning , ' - and he assure I the News division be safe . be you try to get I to resign ? it 's a heil of 3 a way to do it . ruddy ( silken murmur ) we will talk about this tomorrow at we regular morning meeting . ruddy turn back to the clutch of stockholders around he . max wheel away in a rage -- ext : new york hilton HOTEL -. sixth avenue - 42 . dusk the Sixth Avenue entrance to the hotel . taxis pull in , disgorge people ; taxi pull out with new fare . max come stride out of the hotel , sore as a boil . pan he as he bull he way through the line of taxi and across jamme , clanging 5:50 p.m. Sixth Avenue -- int : ubs build - 5 th floor corridor 43 . max , steaming , stride down the corridor to -- int : room 509 - news div . exeuctive office 44 , empty except for perhaps one secretary peck away at she typewriter . max stride across and into -- o revise 12/31/75 34 int : max's office 45 . max take off he jacket , throw it .on the couch , sit behind he desk . but he 's too steam to stay there long . a moment later , he 's up again , stride around , a cage lion . he thump he desk angrily , stride around , then whip he jacket up from the couch and stride out -- ' int : control room - network news show 46 . the wall clock read 6:28 . the director , technical director , lighting director and production assistant be at they long shelf in front of the double bank of television monitor . the audio man be off in he glass - in cubicle . harry hunter and he secretary and the unit manager be on the raise level in the back . hunter be on the phone , look up as the door to the control room open , and max , carry he jacket , comes'in . curious look from the personnel here ; president of news rarely come down to the control room , hunter finish he phone call , offer he seat to max , but max prefer stand in the back -- production assistant «+. five second -- lighting director -- picture 's too thick -- director -- come to -- and one -- the show monitor , which have be show color pattern , now suddenly flick on to show howard beale as he look up from the sheaf of papers on he desk and say : howard ( on monitor ) good. evening . today be Wednesday , September the twenty - fourth , and this be my last broadcast . yesterday , I announce on this program that I would commit public suicide , admittedly a act of madness . well , I will tell you what happen -- I just run out of bullshit -~ harry hunter all right , cut he off . the monitor screen go black . 35 max ( from the back wall ) leave he on -- howard 's image promptly flick back on -- howard ( on monitor ) ( look o.s . ) be I still on the air ? everybody in the control room look to max -~ max if this be how he want to go out , this be how he go out . howard . ( on monitor ) I do not know any other way to say it except I just run out of bull - shit ... the phone ring . hunter pick it up . another phone ring , hunter's secretary pick it up . hunter ( on first phone ) look , Mr. schumacher 's right here , do you want to talk to he ? ( extend the phone to max ) howard ( on monitor ) bullshit be all the reason we give for live , and , if we can not think up any reason of we own , we always have the God bullshit -- hunter's secretary ( awe ) ' Holy Mary mother of Christ -- max ( on phone ) yeah , what be it , Tom ? -- howard ( on monitor ) we do not know why the hell we be go through all this pointless pain , humiliation and decay , so there better be someone somewhere who do know ; that 's the God bullshit -- 36 max : ( on phone ) he 's say life be bullshit , and it be , so what be you scream about ? -- he hang up . the phone promptly ring again . hunter's secretary pick it up . ( hunter be on the phone that ~ ring before . ) howard ( on monitor ) if you do not like the God bullshit , . | how about the man bullshit ? man be a noble creature who can order he own world , who need God ? hunter's secretary ( to max ) Mr. amundsen for you , Mr. schumacher . ' max I be not take call . howard ( on monitor ) i , well , if there 's anybody out there * who can look around this dement slaughterhouse of a world we live in and tell I man be a noble creature , that man be full of bullshit . -- director ( stare in awe at howard on the screen ) I know he 's sober , so he 's get to be just plain nut -- ( start to giggle ) harry hunter ( scream ) what 's so goddam funny ? director I can not help it , Harry , it 's funny -- howard ( on monitor ) I do not have any kid -- a phone ring . hunter's secretary pick it up . '' harry hunter } Max , this be go out live to sixty - seven affiliate -- 47 . a 48. 49 . o 37 max leave he on . howard ( on monitor ) -- and I be marry for thirty - three year of shrill , shriek fraud -- a breathless and distraught young woman burst into the control room . young woman Mr. hackett 's try to get through to you << max tell Mr. hackett to go fuck himself -- int : diana' office 47 . diana , sit alone in she office , watch howard beale on she office console -- howard ( on console ) i.do not have any bullshit leave . I just run out of it , you see -- int : control room - network news show 48 . -- as frank hackett and he assistant , tom cabell , wrench the door open and stride in -- hackett ( roaring ) get he off ! be you people nut ?! the technical director tap a button , and the screen mercifully : goes. black . / int : lobby - ubs build 49 . white-haire , patrician edward ruddy , Chairman of the board , impeccably groom , fastidious in a light topcoat , make he way through the absolute crush of newspaper people , wire service people , camera crews from CBS , NBC , ABC , from the local station , wpix , wor - tv , metromedia , and from Channel 13 , the educa - tional channel . a half dozen security guard protect the elevator , and three more help ruddy get through the glaring camera light and the horde of reporter thrust mike at he -- 50 . sl. 38 ruddy ( move through the crowd ) ~~ I be sorry , I do not have all the fact yet -- int : 20 th floor - lobby , lounge , corridor 50 . max , stand by the desert reception desk , in the empty , silent lounge . this be the top-management floor , and the decor , which be posh - austere , reflect the eminence of the top executive who have they office here . it be all silent and empty now , cathedral , hushed , echoing . Way down at the far end of the corridor , the double door of the corner office open , and nelson chaney lean out and beckon to max , who start down the plush carpete in response -- int : mr. ruddy'' office | 51 . large , regal . impressionist original on that wall which be not glass through which the crepuscular grandeur of New York at night can be see . ruddy sit behind he desk . JOHN wheeler , 59 , silent , forceful , lounge in one of the several leather chair . the door open , and nelson chaney and max schumacher come in . everybody nod at everybody else . max slump ' into a leather chair . ruddy ( murmur to chaney ) I will want to see Mr. beale after this . chaney promptly pick up a corner phone and call down to the fourteenth floor . ruddy ( contd ) ( regards max briefly , murmur ) the way I hear it , Max , you be primarily responsible for this colossally stupid prank . be that the fact , Max ? max that 's the fact . ruddy it be unconscionable . there do not seem to be anything more to say . max I have something to say , ed. ( more ) my . revise 12/31/75 max ( contd ) I would like to know why that whole debasement of the News division announce at the stockholder 's meeting today be keep secret from I . you and I go back twenty year , Ed . I take this job with you personal assurance that you would back my autonomy against any encroachment . but ever since cca acquire control of the ubs system ten month ago , hackett 's be take over everything . who the hell 's run this network , you or some conglomerate call cca ? I mean , you be the Chairman of the system Group , and Frank hackett 's just cca 's hatchet man . Nelson here -- for Pete 's sake , he 's the president of the network -- he have not get anything to say about anything anymore . '' who the hell 's run this company , you or cca ? ruddy ( murmur ) I tell you at the stockholder 's meeting , Max , that we would discuss all that at we regular meeting tomorrow morning . if you have be patient , I would have explain to you that I too think Frank hackett precipitate and that the reorgani - zation of the News division would not .be execute until everyone , specifically you , Max , have be consult and satisfied . instead , you sulk off like a child and vengage . this network in a. shocking and disgraceful episode . you position here be no longer tenable regardless of how management be restructure . I expect you to bring in you resignation at ten o'clock tomorrow morning , and we will coordinate we statement to the least detriment of everyone . ( to wheeler ) Bob mcdonough will take over the News division till we sort all this out . ( wheeler nod . ruddy turn to chaney still in the corner of the room on the phone ) . ( more ) 39 52 . 53. 40 ruddy ( contd ) I would like to see Mr. beale now -- chaney ( on phone ) they be look for he , Ed . they do not know where he be -- int : lobby ~- ubs build 52 . howard beale , bleach almost white by the glare of the camera light , and almost totally obscure by the tidal crush of camera , reporter , security guard around he -- howard -- every day , five day a week , for fifteen year , I have be sit behind that desk -- the dispassionate pundit -- int : diana' apartment - bedroom 53 . diana , naked , sit on the edge of she bed in a dark bedroom , watch howard beale 's impromptu press conference on television -- howard ( contd ) ( on tv screen ) -- report with seemly detachment the daily parade of lunacy that constitute the news -- and -- also on the bed be a naked young stud , who be not really that interested in the 11:00 News . he be fondle , finger , noodle and nuzzling diana with the clear intention of mount she -- howard ( contd ) ( on tv screen ) -- just once I want to say what I really feel -- the young stud be get around to nibble at diana 's breast -- : diana ( watch the tv set with single - minded intensity ) knock it off , Arthur -- eo 54 , 55 . 56 . 57 . 59 . revise 12/31/75 41 ext : ubs build - 9:00 a.m. , thursday , 54 . sept . 25 - day Bright morning sunshine . diana , in a pants suit and carry half a dozen script , enter the building -- int : ubs build - lobby 55 . diana , pause at the newsstand to pick up the morning papers , which she read en route to the elevator -- int : ubs build - 14th floor - 9:15 a.m. 56 . diana briskly enter through the door mark : department of programming , and whisk off down the corridor -- int : . programming department - common room ' 57 . diana cross to she own office . three secretary , include diana 's , be abuzz in a corner over last night 's Howard beale show . diana' secretary scurries to follow diana as , in b.g. , barbara schlesinger come out of she office carry four script -- int : diana' outer office 58 . diana , rummage through the papers on top of the secretary 's desk as the secretary enter -- diana do the overnight rating come in yet ? secretary * they're on you desk . diana have you still get yesterday 's overnight around ? secretary shall I bring they in ? diana yeah -- she exit into -- int : diana' office 59 . Morning sunlight blast in . diana move to she desk , stand behind it , scan the front page of 42 the newspaper pile on she desk , then sit and study the overnight rating also on she desk . the secretary enter with yesterday 's overnight , a sheet of paper , which she extend to diana , who promptly study they . the secretary exit as barbara schlesinger enter , sink onto a chair with a sigh -- schlesinger this be that four outline submit by universal for a hour series . you need not bother to read they . I will tell they to you . the first one be set in a large Eastern law school , pre- sumably Harvard . the series if irresistably entitle the Young lawyer . the run character be a crusty but benign ex - Supreme Court justice , presumably Oliver wendell holme by way of Dr. Zorba . there be a.beautiful girl graduate student and the local district attorney who be brilliant and sometimes cut corner -- diana ( study the overnight ) next one -- schlesinger the second one be call the amazon squad -- diana . ( study the overnight ) Lady cop ? schlesinger the run character be a crusty but benign police lieutenant who 's always get heat from the commissioner , a hard - nose , hard - drink detective who think woman belong in the kitchen , and a brilliant and beautiful young girl cop fight the feminist battle on the force -- diana ( now study the front page of the Daily News ) we be up to we ear in lady cop show . 60 . revise 12/31/75 43 schlesinger the next one be another investi - gative reporter show . a crusty but benign manage editor who 's always get heat from the publisher -~- diana the Arabs have decide to jack up the price of oil another twenty per cent , and the c.i.a. have be : catch open Senator humphrey 's mail , there 's a civil war in angola , another one in Beirut , New York City 's face default , they have finally catch up with Patricia hearst , and -- ( she flip the Daily News over s0 barbara can read it ) -- the whole front page of the Daily News be Howard . beale . across barbara schlesinger , half~ -stand so she can read the newspaper and show the front page of the Daily News -- which consist of a 3 / 4 page blowup of howard beale top by a 52 point 's black banner headline : -- beale fire -- diana ( contd ) -- it be also a two - column story on page one of the Times -- ( call to she secretary ) helen , call Mr. hackett 's office , see if he can give I a few minute this morning -- int : room 520 - the network news room 60 . - 9:30 a.m. max schumacher and bob mcdonough ( nmid - 40 's ) enter . the Network News room be something less than Front page , but , nevertheless , a news room . it 's a long , large , windowless room , some 40 desk , mostly un - occupy , a wire room , typewriter and bank of tele - vision monitor on the wall . at the moment , work have stop , and the entire personnel of the news room , some 60 people -- executive and secretary , producer , assistant producer , head writer , writer , duty and assignment editor , and desk assistant , artist , and film and tape editor , reporter , newscaster and camera and audio men -- be all gather stand and sit about to hear max say -- revise 12/31/75 no ) . 44 ao , max lady and gentleman , I have be at this network twelve year , and it 's be on the whole a ball -- voice ( in b.g. ) louder -- max ( louder ) -- and I want to thank you all . Bob mcdonough here will be take over for I for the time be , and , much as I hate to admit it , I be sure everything will go along just fine without I -- 61 . int : ubs build - 15 th floor - 10:00 a.m. 61 . diana turn into -- 62 . int : hackett' outer office 62 . the secretary wave diana straight in - 63 . int : hackett' office 63 . where hackett sit unhappily at he desk poring over memo from he station Relations Department and report from he sale Department . hackett ( not bother to leok up ) : ktns Kansas City refuse to carry we network news any more unless beale be take off the air -- diana ( drop the sheet of paper on hackett 's desk ) do you see the overnight on the Network News ? it have a 8 in New York and a 9 in L.A. and a 27 share in both city . last night , Howard beale go on the air and yell bullshit for two minute , and I can tell you right now that tonight 's show will get a 30 share at least . I think we have luck into something . 45 hackett oh , for God 's sake , be you suggest we put that lunatic back on the air yell bullshit ? diana yes , I think we should put beale back on the air tonight and keep he on . do you see the Times this morning ? do you see the News ? we have get press coverage on this you could not buy for a million dollar . Frank , that dumb show jump five rating point in one night ! tonight 's show have get to be at least fifteen ! we just increase we audience by twenty - or thirty million people in one night . you be not go to get something like this dumped in you lap for the rest of you day , and you just can not piss it away ! Howard beale get up there last night and say what every american feel -- that he 's tired of ail the bullshit . he 's articulate the popular rage . I want that show , Frank . I can turn that show into the biggest smash in television . hackett what do you mean , you want that show ? it 's a news show . it 's not you department . diana I see Howard beale as a latterday prophet , a magnificent messianic figure , inveigh against the hypocracy of we time , a strip savonarola , Monday through Friday . I tell you , Frank , that could just go through the roof . and I be talk about a six dollar cost per thousand show ! I be talk about a hundred , a hundred thirty thousand dollar minute ! do you want to figure out the revenue of a strip show that sell for a hundred thousand buck a minute ? one show like that could pull this whole network right out of the hole ! now , Frank , it 's be hand to we on a plate ; let 's not blow it ! o oft I 64 . 46 hackett 's intercom buzy . hackett ( on intercom ) yes ? ... tell he I will be a few minute . ( click off , regards diana ) let I think it over . diana Frank , let 's not go to committee about this . it 's twenty after ten , and we want beale in that studio by half - past six . we do not want to lose the momentum -- hackett for God 's sake , diana , we be talk about put a manifestly irresponsible man on national television . I would like to talk to legal affair at least . and herb thackeray and certainly Joe donnelly and standards and practice . and you know I be go to be eyeball to eyeball with Mr. ruddy on this . if I be go to the mat with ruddy , I want to make sure of some of my ground , I be the one whose ass be go on the line . i'11 get back to you , diana . int : executive dine room - 12:20 p.m. 64 . a large room of white - linen table , almost empty save for the five man at one of the window table , with the spectacular view of midtown Manhattan . the five sare . prank hackett , nelson chaney , walter amundsen ( General counsel Network , ) arthur zangwill wp standards and practice , ) and joe donnelly ( vp sale ) . ' chaney ( who be stand ) . I do not believe this ! I do not believe the top brass of a national television network be sit around they caesar salad -- mh hackett 1 e top brass of a bankrupt nationa television network , wi project loss of close to a hundred and fifty million dollar this year . 47 | ry chaney bs I do not care how bankrupt ! you can not seriously be propose and the rest of we seriously consider - ing put on a pornographic network news show ! the fcc will kill we ! hackett sit down , Nelson , the fcc can not do anything except rap we knuckle . chaney sit . amundsen I do not even want to think about the litigious possibility , Frank . we could be up to we ear in lawsuit . chaney '' the affiliate will not carry it --- hackett the affiliate will kiss you ass if you can hand they a hit show . ( chaney the popular reaction -- . hackett we do not know the popular reaction . that 's what we have to find out . chaney the New York Times -- hackett the New York Times do not advertise on we network . chaney ( stand ) all I know be that this violate every canon of respectable broad - casting . hackett we be not a respectable network . we be a whorehouse network , and we have to take whatever we can get . { ) chaney well , I do not want any part of it . ( more ) se ~ et for 65 . chaney ( contd ) I do not fancy myself the president of a whorehouse . hackett that 's very commendable of you , Nelson . now , sit down . you indignation have be duly record , you can always resign tomorrow . chaney sit . hackett ( contd ) look , what in substance be we propose ? -- merely to add editorial comment to we network news show . brinkley , sevareid , and reasoner all have they comment . so now Howard beale will have he . I think we ought to give it a shot . let 's see what happen tonight . donnelly well , I do not want to be the babylonian messenger who have to tell Max schumacher about this . hackett ( flagging a waiter ) Max schumacher do not work at this network any more . Mr. ruddy fire he last night . {to the waiter ) a telephone , please -- ( to he colleague ) | Bob mcdonoguh 's run the News division now -- a phone be place before hackett , who promptly pick it up and murmur : hackett ( contd ) ( on phone ) Bob mcdonough in News , please -- int : max's office - 1:40 p.m. 65 . max be on the phone and clean out he desk and office at the same time . there be empty carton everywhere into which max be dump he file . there be pile of file on he desk , which he be skim through even as he talk on the phone -- | oy 49 max ( on phone ) -- I be just fine financially , Fred . I cashed in my stock option back in April when cc and a take over the network ... ( he other phone buzy ) that 's my other phone , Fred , thanks for call -- ( hang up , pick up the other phone ) Max schumacher ... hi , Dick , how 's everything at NBC ? -- howard beale walk in , carry a 8 x 12 photograph -- max ( contd ) I do not know , Dick . I might teach , I might write a book , whatever the hell one do when one approach the autumn of one 's year -- howard put the photograph on the desk in front of max . they both poke he max ( contd ) ( study the photograph ) my God , be that I ? be I ever that young ? {on phone ) Howard just show I a picture of the whole Ed murrow gang when I be at CBS . my God , Bob trout , Harry reasoner , cronkite , hollenbeck , and that 's you , Howard , right ? -- I will see you , Dick -- ( hang up ) - howard ( point to . the photo ) you remember this kid ? he 's the kid I think you once send out to interview Cleveland amory on vivisection -- max ( beginning to shake with laughter ) that 's he -- that 's he -- begin wheeze with laughter . milton steinman head in -- steinman what the hell 's so funny ? D 66 . 67 . 50 int : room 509 - executive office , news 66 . division bob mcdonough ( vp Network News and interim head of the division ) enter , frown . there be a clot of people spilling out from max schumacher 's office from whence sound of laughter and shout emanate . even the secretary have leave they desk to share the fun . mcdonough , wonder what the hell it 's all about , make he way through the crush at the door , murmure : " Excuse I ... sorry , honey ... etc . " when he finally get through the outer office and into -- int : max's office 67 . -- what he see be a room fill with News executive -- max , howard , harry hunter , walter gianini ( legal affair ) , michael sandie , milton steinman , and a couple . of young producer , delightedly listen to khis gang of middlenage man remember they maverick lay -- max -- I jump out of bed in my pajamas ! I grab my raincoat , run down the stair , run out into the middle of the street , flag a cab . I jump in , I yell : " take I to the middle of the George Washington Bridge ! " -- howl of laughter -- max ( contd ) -- the driver turn around , he say : " do not do it , kid , you get you whole life ahead of you ! " the room rock with laughter . when it subside , bob mcdonough , stand in the doorway , say : mcdonough well , if you think that 's funny , wait will you hear this . I have just come down from Frank hackett 's office , and he want to put Howard back on the air tonight . apparently , the rating jump five point last night , and he want Howard to go back on and do he angry - man thing . steinman what be you talk about ? v7 51 mcdonough I be tell you -- they want Howard to go on yell bullshit . they want Howard to go on spontaneously let out he anger , a latterday prophet , denounce the hypocrisy of we time -- howard hey , that sound pretty good ~~ max who 's this they ? mcdonough hackett . chaney be there , the legal affair guy , and that girl from programm . max christenson ? what 's she get to do with it ? gianini ( in b.g . ) you be kid , be not you , Bob ? mcdonough I be not kid . I tell they : '' we be run a news department down there , not a circus . and Howard beale be not a bearded lady . and if you think I will go along with this bastardization of the news , you can have my resignation along with Max schumacher 's right now . and I think I be speak for Howard beale and everybody else down there in News . '' howard hold it , mcdonough , that 's ry. job you be turn down . itt go nut without some kind of work . what 's wrong with be a angry prophet denounce the hypocrisy of we time ? what do you think , Max ? max do you want to be a angry prophet denounce the hypocrisy of we time ? 68 . C } 69 . 70 . 71 . 52 howard yeah , I think I would like to be a angry prophet denounce the hypocrisy of we time . max then grab it . int : 5 th floor corridor - 3:00 p.m. 68 . mr. ruddy , slim , slight , white -haire , imperially elegant in banker 's gray , come down the corridor towards room 509 . a videotape man , pop out of one of the room that debouch off this corridor , quickly stop , stand still -- videotape man ( murmur ) afternoon , Mr. ruddy -~ ruddy ( murmur ) good afternoon . he pass on towards -- int : room 509 69 . as ruddy enter . the six secretary peck away at they typewriter all pause to murmur awed -- secretary good afternoon , Mr. ruddy -- good afternoon , Mr. ruddy -- etc. -- as ruddy pass through to -- int : max's outer office 70 . where mitzi ( max's secretary ) , at she desk , murmur : mitzi - he 's wait for you , Mr. ruddy -- ruddy ( murmur ) thank you . he go into -- int : max's office 721 . ~~ and close the door . a ( ) 53 ruddy Nelson chaney tell I beale may actually go on the air this evening . max as far as I know , Howard 's go to do it . be you go to sit still for this , Ed ? ruddy ( take a fold piece of paper from he inside jacket pocket ) yes . I think hackett 's overstep himself . there 's some kind of corporate maneuver go on , Max . hackett be clearly force a confrontation . that would account for he behavior at the stockholder ' meeting . however , I think he 's make a serious mistake with this beale business . cc. c. and A. would never make . such a open act of brigandage , especially against the News division . they be specifically enjoin against any manipulation of the News division in the consent decree . I suspect c. c. and A. will be upset by hackett 's presumptuousness , certainly Mr. Jensen will . so I be go to let hackett have he head for awhile . he just might lose it over this beale business . ( place the paper on max 's desk ) I would like you to reconsider you resignation . ( move to the couch , sit , cross he leg , ; murnur ) I have to assume hackett would not take such step without some support on the c. c. and A. board . I will have to go directly to Mr. Jensen . when that happen , I be go to need every friend I have get . and I certainly do not want hackett 's people in all the divisional position . so I would like you to stay on , Max . max of course , ed. .) 72 . 73. revise 12/31/75 54 ruddy ( stand ) thank you , Max . he open the door and leave . int : max's office - wednesday , october 1 - 72 . 7:00 p.m. max sit alone behind he desk in a dark office light only by he desk lamp , watch the Network News show star howard beale on he office console -- narration the initial response to the new Howard beale be not auspicatory . the press be without exception hostile and industry reaction negative . the rating for the ' Thursday and Friday show be both 14 and with a 37 share , but Monday 's rating drop two point , clearly suggest the novelty have wear off -- on the office console , howard beale do not seem too much different than he have always be . he scowl , frown , seem to be mutter -- narration ( contd ) -~ indeed , Howard beale play he new role of latter - day prophet poorly . he be , after all , a newsman , not a actor . he be uncertain , uncomfortable , sometimes inaudible . the general feel around the network be that this new Howard beale would be abort in a matter of day . -- 73. on the office console , the Network News show have come to a end ; the close theme music emerge into SOUND , and the show 's credit begin to roll . max click off the set , fold he hand on the desk and sit glumly regard he fold hand . after a moment , he become aware of another presence in the room and look to the doorway where diana christenson be stand , wear a white blouse and dark slack and carry she jacket and purse . if we have not already notice how attractive she be , we do now -- stand as she be , frame in the doorway , backlit by the light of the desert common room , suddenly sensuous , even voluptuous . os 55 diana ( enter the office ) do you know there be a number of psychics work as license broker on Wall Street ? ( she sit across from max , fish a cigarette out of she purse ) some of they counsel they client by use of tarot card . they be all pretty successful , even in a bear market and sell short . I meet one of they a couple of week ago and think of do a show around she -- the wayward witch of Wall Street , something like that . but , of course , if she tip be any good , she could wreck the market . so I call she this morning and ask she how she be on predict the future . she say she be occasionally prescient . '' for example , " she say , '' I just have a fleeting vision of you sit in a office with a craggy middle - age man with whom you be or will be emotionally involved . " and here I be . max she do all this with tarot card ? diana no , this one operate on parapsychology . she have trance - like episode and feel thing in she energy field . I think this lady can be very useful to you , Max . max in what way ? diana well , you put on news show , and here 's someone who can predict tomorrow 's news for you . her name , aptly enough , be sibyl . sybil the soothsayer . you could give she two minute of trance at the end of a Howard beale show , say once a week , Friday , which be ( more ) 56 diana ( contd ) suggestively occult , and she could oraculate . then next week , everyone tune in to see how good she prediction be . max maybe she could do the weather . diana ( smile ) you network news show be go to need some help , Max , if it 's go to hold . beale do not do the angry man thing well at all . he 's too kvetchy . he 's be irascible . we want a prophet , not a curmudgeon . he should do more apocalyptic doom . I think you should take on a couple of writer to write some jeremiad for he . I see you do not fancy my suggestion . max Hell , you be not be serious , be you ? diana oh , I be serious . the fact be , I could make you beale show the high - rate news show in television , if you would let I have a crack at it . . max what do you mean , have a crack at it ? diana I would like to program it for you , ' develop it . I would not interfere with the actual news . but teevee be show biz , Max , and even the News have to have a little showmanship . max my God , you be serious . diana I watch you six o'clock news today -- it 's straight tabloid . you have a minute and a half on ( more ) a wy 57 diana ( contd ) that lady riding a bike naked in Central Park . on. the other hand , you have less than a minute of hard national and international news . it be all sex , scandal , brutal crime , sport , child with incurable disease and lose puppy . so I do not think I will listen to any protestation of high standard of journalisn . you be right down in the street solicit audience like the rest of we . all I be say be , if you be go to hustle , at least do it right . I be go to bring this up at tomorrow 's network meeting , but I do not like network hassle , and I be hope you and I could work this out between we . that 's why I be here right now . ( sigh ) and I be hope you be look for a emotional involvement with a craggy middle - age man . diana I would not rule that out entirely . they appraise each other for a moment ; clearly , there be the possibility of something more than a professional relationship here . max well , diana , you bring all you idea up at the meeting tomorrow . because , if you do not , I will . I think Howard be make a goddam fool of himself , and so do everybody Howard and I know in this industry . it be a fluke . it do not work . tomorrow , Howard go back to the old format and this gutter depravity come to a end . diana ( smile , stand ) okay . she lean forward to flick she ash into max 's desk ash half -shade as she be by the cone of light issue from the desk lamp , it be nipple - clear she be bra-less , and max can not help but note the assertive swell of she body . diana move languidly to the door and would leave but max suddenly say : max I do not get it , diana . you hang around till half - past seven and come all the way down here just to pitch a couple of looney show biz idea when you know goddam well I would laugh you out of this office . I do not get it . what 's you scam in this anyway ? diana move back to the desk and crush she cigarette out in the desk tray . diana Max , I do not know why you suddenly change you mind about resign , but I do know hackett 's go to throw you out on you ass in January . my little visit here tonight be just a courtesy make out of respect for you stature in the industry and because I have personally admire you ever since I be a kid majore in speech at the University of Missouri . but sooner or later , now or in January , with or without you , I be go to take over you network . news show , and I figure I might as well start tonight . max , I think I once give a lecture at the University of Missouri . diana I - be in the audience . I have a terrible schoolgirl crush on you for a couple of month . she smile , glide to the doorway again . max listen , if we can get back for a moment to that gypsy who predict all that about ( more ) 59 max ( contd ) C '' als emotional involvement and middle - age man -- what be you do for dinner tonight ? diana pause in the doorway , and then move back briskly to the desk , pick up the telephone receiver , tap out a telephone number , wait for a moment -- diana ( on phone ) I can not make it tonight , love , . call I tomorrow . : she return the receiver to its cradle , look at max ; they eye lock . max do you have any favorite restaurant ? diana I eat anything . max Son of a bitch , I get the feel I be be make . diana you sure be . max I better warn you I do not do anything on the first date . diana we will see . she. .moves.for the door . max stare down at he desk . max ( mutter ) schmuck , what be you get into ? he sigh , stand , flick off he desk lamp . 74 . int : a restaurant 74 . max and diana at the end of they dinner . in fact , max be flagging a waiter for two coffee , black -- ! 'o diana '' ( ply away at she ice cream ) you be marry , surely . 60 max twenty -six year . I have a married daughter in Seattle who 's six month pregnant , and a young girl who start at Northwestern in January . diana ~- well , Max , here we be -- middle - age man reaffirming he middle - age manhood and a terrify young woman with a father complex . what sort of script do you think we can make out of this ? max terrify , be you ? diana ( push she ice cream away , regards he affably ) terrify out of my skull , man . I be the hip generation , man , right on , cool , groovy , the green of America , man , remember all that ? God , what humbug we be . in my first year at college , I live in a commune , drop acid daily , . join four radical group and fuck myself silly on a bare wooden floor while somebody chant sufi suras . I lose six week of my sophomore year because they put I away for try to jump off the top floor of the administration Building . I have be on the top floor ever since . do not open any window around I because I just might jump out . be I scare you off ? max no . diana I be marry for four year and pretend to be happy and have six year of analysis and pretend to be sane . my husband run off with he boyfriend , and I have a affair with my analyst . he tell ( more ) q feo ? 61 diana . ( contd ) I I be the worst lay he have ever have . I can not tell you how many man have tell I what a lousy lay I be . I apparently have a masculine temperament . I arouse quickly , consummate prematurely , and can not wait to get my clothes back on and get out of that bedroom . I seem to be inept at everything except my work . I be goddam good at my work and so I confine myself to that . all I want out of life be _a 30 share and a 20 rating . the waiter bring the coffee . max ( sip coffee ) the corridor gossip say you be Frank hackett 's backstage girl . diana ( sip coffee , smile ) I be not . Frank 's a corporation ' man , body and soul . he surrender he spirit to c. c. and A. year ago . he 's a marketing - merchandise - management machine , precision - tool : for corporate success . he 's marry to one c. c. and A. board member 's daughter , he attend another board member 's church , he child age two and five be already enrol in a third board member 's alma mater . he have no love , lust or allegiance that be not consummately direct towards become ac. c. and A. board member himself . so why should he bother with I ? I be not even a stockholder . max how about you love , lust and allegiance ? they smile at each other . diana be you wife in town ? 75 . 76 .. 62 max yes . diana well , then , we better go to my place . _int : diana' apartment - bedroom 75 . Dark . blind draw . max and diana lie naked on a maelstrom of sheet , both still puffing from what must have be a ebullient bout in the sack -- . diana wow , and you be the guy who keep tell I how he be go to be a grandfather in three month . max Hell , you be the girl who keep tell I what a lousy lay she be . she bounce out of bed and stand naked in the shadow darkness , arm akimbo , look happily down at max on the bed . diana all right , enough of this love-make . be you go to let I take over you network news show or not ? max ( laugh ) forget it . tomorrow , Howard beale go back to be a straight anchorman . I will tell . he first thing tomorrow morning . int : howard beale' bedroom 76 . howard beale , fast asleep in he dark , empty , hushed room . howard ( suddenly ) I can not hear you . you will have to speak a little louder . he get up on one elbow , eye still close , cock he head as if he be listen to someone mumble from the rock chair across the room . 77 . 78. revise 12/31/75 63 _ howard ( contd ) you be kid . how the hell would I know what the truth be ? he sit up , get out of bed , walk around and perches on the foot of the bed , stare at the empty rocker , nod he head as if he be follow a complicated argument -- howard ( contd ) what the hell be this , the burn bush ? for God 's sake , I be not mose -- whoever he think he be talk to apparently get up and cross the room to the overstuff chair and sit there , since howard follow this movement with he eye and finally get up and perches on the side of he bed in order to continue the curious conversation . howard ( contd ) why I ? I be a deteriorate old man . howard listen , sigh , shrug : howard okay . ext : ubs build - thursday , oct . 2 , 9:00 77 . a.m. - day Bright sunny day to establish the next morning . int : room 517 - nightly news room 78 . max enter . the usual morning hum of activity . phone ring . harry hunter , go over some wire release with he ' head writer , look up as max approach -- max Howard in he office ? ( hunter nod ) Harry , I be kill this whole screwball angry prophet thing . we be go back to straight news as of tonight 's show . hunter okay . max veer off for -- 79 . 64 int : howard office 79 . howard at he typewriter , click away . max lean in through the open doorway -- . max Howard , we be go back to straight news tonight . you do not have to be the mad prophet any more . howard turn to regard max in the doorway with a sweet smile , howard I must go on with what I be do , Max . I have be call . this be my witness , and I must make it . ' this give max pause , to say the least . max you must make what , Howard ? howard I must make my witness . I must lead the people from the water . I must stay they stampede to the sea . max take a step into the office and close the door . max you must stay they what , Howard ? , howard T must stay they headlong suicidal stampede to the sea . max ( regards Howard for a moment ) well , hallelujah , Howard , be you put I on or have you flip or what ? howard ( serenely ) I have hear voice , Max . max you have hear voice . swell . what kind of voice , Howard ? ( more ) 80 . 81 . 82. 65 max ( contd ) still small voice in the night or the mighty thunder of God ? Howard , you have finally do it . you have go over the edge . you be nut . howard I have be call . this be my witness , and I must make it . max not on my goddam network news show . he open the door , go back into -- int : '' nightly news room : 80 . -- where he stop , turn and wheel back to howard 'n' office --~ max now , look , Howard , I be not kid around about this . you go back to be a straight anchorman tonight . I be the voice you be hearing now , and this voice be tell you we be do a straight news show from now on . okay ? howard seem not to have hear he , continue peck ' away at he typewriter . max scowl , turn , exit -- int : network news control room 81 . the wall clock say 6:29 . the control room staff be all at they post murmure away . harry hunter be on the phone -- hunter ( mutter into phone ) Max , I be tell you he 's fine . he 's be sharp all day , he 's be funny as hell . he have everybody crack up at the rundown meeting ... I tell he , I tell he ... 82. on the show monitor , howard beale at he desk , shuffles he papers , look up for he cue . the wall clock click to 6:30 , the director murmur into 83. 84 . 66 he mike . howard look out from the screen to he vast audience and say : howard ( on monitor ) last night , I be awaken from a fitful sleep at shortly after two o'clock in the morning by a shrill , sibilant , faceless voice that be sit in my rock chair . I could not make it out at first in the dark bedroom . I say : '' I be sorry , you will have to talk a little louder . " and the Voice say to I : '' I want you to tell the people the truth , not ' a easy thing to do ; because the people do not want to know the truth . " I say : " you be kid . how the hell would I know what the truth be ? " I mean , you have ) to picture I sit there on the foot of the bed talk to a empty rock chair . I say to myself : " Howard , you be some kind of banjo-brain sit : here talk to a empty chair . " but the Voice say to I : " do not worry about the truth . i'11 put the word in you mouth . " and I say : '' what be this , the burn bush ? for God 's sake , I be not mose . " and the Voice say to I : " and I be not God , what 's that get to do with it -- " int : network news control room 83 . harry hunter still on the phone as the rest of the control room staff just sit there stare at howard on the monitor -- hunter ( on phone ) what do you want I to do ? -- int : max's office 84 . max behind he desk on he phone , chin cup in he right hand , stare glumly at howard on he console -- max ( on phone ) nothing -- 85 . 86 . 87 . 67 howard ( on console ) and the Voice say to I : " we be not talk about eternal truth or absolute truth or ultimate truth ! we be talk about impermanent , transient , human truth ! I do not expect you people to be capable of truth ! but , goddamit , you be at least capable of self - preservation ! that 's good enough ! I want you to go out and tell the people to preserve themselves -- " max ( mutter on phone ) right now , I be try to remember the name of that psychiatrist that take care of he when he wife die -- int : studio - network news 85 . tight shot of howard , he voice rise , he eye glow with increase fervor -- howard ( grow fernor ) . and I say to the Voice : '' why I ? " and the Voice say : " because you be on television , dummy ! -- int : diana' office 86 . diana watch howard on she console -- diana beautiful ! howard ( on console ) " you have forty million Americans listen to you ; after tonight 's show , you could have fifty million . for Pete 's sake , I do not expect you to walk the land in sackcloth and ash preaching the armageddon . you be on teevee , man ! -- '' int : max's office 87 . max , no longer on the phone , be leaf through a loose - leaf address book -- 88. 89 . 90 . 68 howard ( on console ) so I think about it for a moment -- max tap out a telephone number on he private line -~- howard ( on console ) ( contd ) and then I say : " okay -- " max ( on phone ) Doctor sindell ? my name be Max schumacher , I be at the Union Broadcasting system , and I hope you remember I , I be a friend of Howard beale whom you treat for a few month last year -- int : . fifth floor corridor 88. as howard and harry hunter , follow by the rest of the control room staff , come out of the stairway and head down the corridor to -- int : room 517 - nightly news room 89 . where hunter and howard move towards howard 's office while the rest of the control room crew disperse to they own desk and to exchange muttere comment with that nightly News personnel still at they desk . howard walk straight as a ramrod , eye uplift , serene to the point of beatitude . he and hunter go into -- int : howard office 90 . where max be sit , wait on the couch . he stand -- max Close the door , Harry -~ hunter do so . max ( contd ) sit down , Howard . Howard , I be take you off the air . I call you psychiatrist . howard ( serene , sit behind he desk ) what 's happen to I , Max , be not mensurate in psychiatric term . wae 69 max I think you be have a breakdown , require treatment , and Dr. sindell agree . howard this be not a psychotic episode . it be a cleanse moment of clarity . ( stand , a imbue man ) I be imbue , Max . I be imbue with some special spirit . it 's not a religious feel at all . it be a shocking eruption of great electrical energy ! I feel vivid and flash as if suddenly I have be plugge into some great cosmic electromagnetic field . I feel connect to all live thing , to flower , bird , to all the animal of the world and even to some great unseen live force , what I think the hindus call prana . ( he stand rigidily erect , he eye stare . mindlessly out , he face revealing the anguish of so transcendental a state ) it be not a breakdown . I have never feel so orderly in my life ! it be a shatter and beautiful sensation ! it be the exalt flow of the space - time continuum , save that it be spaceless and timeless and of such ' loveliness ! I feel on the verge of some great ultimate truth . ( he stare haggardly at max , he breath come with great difficulty now ; he shout ) you will not take I off the air for now or for any other spaceless time ! he promptly fall in a dead swoon onto the floor . max ( hurry to he friend 's prostrate form ) Jesus Christ -- 91 . 92 . 93. 94 . revise 12/31/75 70 hunter ( from the door ) be he okay ? max ( bent over howard ) he 's breathe anyway . i'11 have to take he to my house again for the night -- a crash of thunder -~ int : max's apartment - bedroom - night 91 . thunder crash outside . rain pelt against the window . the room be dark . max and he wife , louise , be fast asleep in they hushed room . camera pan , dolly slowly out of the bedroom and into -- int : live room 92 . Dark , hushed , sleep . howard be asleep on the live room couch . or rather he be asleep , for he now slowly sit up , then stand in he borrow pajamas , go to the hall closet , fetch out a raincoat , unchain , unbolt and unlock the front door of the apartment , and go out -- ext : a STREET in the east 60's - overcast day 93 . - friday , october 3 - 7:30 a.m . another crash and rumble of thunder . rain slashes through the street . the sky be dark and lowering -- int : max's apartment - bedroom 94 . alarm clock buz . mrs . louise schumacher , a handsome matron of 50 , click it off and get out of bed . . max turn in the bed , sleep on . thunder and rain 0.8 . louise start sleepily for the bathroom , pause , then go out into the -- int : back hallway ~~ and down that to -- int : live room ~~ where she stand , frown . the couch , which have be make up for a bed , have clearly be sleep in but be now empty . she look back up the hallway to the guest bathroom . the door be open , and there be obviously nobody in the bathroom . she pad across the live room -dine room area and poke she head into the kitchen , and then back to the back hallway , be '' NY 95 . 7 pause a moment outside she daughter 's close bedroom door , open it , look -.in , close it and then return to -- int : the bedroom she sit on max 's side of the bed , shake he awake . louise wake up , Max , because Howard 's go . I will make you some coffee . she move off . max ( mutter ) shit . he slowly sit up . int : frank hackett' office 95 . hackett in a rage , shouting at max slump in a soft chair . other in the room be diana and herb thackeray . hackett ( rage ) what do you mean you do not know where he be ? the son of a bitch be a hit , goddammit ! over two thousand phone call ! go down to the mailroom ! as of this minute , over fourteen thousand telegram ! the response be sensational ! herb , tell he ! -- ( thackeray start to tell he , but hackett roar on ) herb 's phone have not stop ringing ! every goddam affiliate from albuquerque to sandusky ! the response be sensational ! ( the phone ring , hackett seize it ) what ? ... all right ... ( he hang up , snap at thackeray ) it 's you office , herb . you better get back there . thackeray exit . hackett roar on =~ oo hackett ( contd ) moldanian call I ! Joe donnelly call I ! we have get a goddam hit , goddam it ! diana , show he the Times ! we even get a editorial in the holy goddam New York Times . '' a call to morality ! " that crazy son of a bitch , beale , have catch on ! so do not . tell I you do not know where he be ! max ( roaring back ) ' I do not know where he be ! he may be jump off a roof for all I know . the man be insane . he 's no longer responsible for himself . he need care and treatment . and all you | graverobber care about be he 's a hit ! diana you know , Max , it 's just possible that he be not insane , that he be , in fact , imbue with some special spixit . " max my God , I be suppose to be the romantic ; you be suppose to be the hard - bitten realist ! diana all right . Howard beale obviously fill a void . the audience out there obviously want a prophet , veven a manufacture one , even if he 's as mad as mose . by tomorrow , he will have a 50 share , maybe even a 60 share . Howard beale be process instant God , and right now it look like he May just go over bigger than Mary Tyler Moore . max I be not put Howard back on the air . diana it 's not you show any more , Max , it 's mine . 72 revise 12/31/75 73 max you be nut . you be nuttier than Howard ! hackett I give she the show , schumacher . I be put the network news show under programming . Mr. ruddy have have a mild heart attack and be not take call . in he absence , I be make all network decision , include one I have be want to make a long time -- you be fire . I want you out of this building by noon . I will leave word with the security guard to throw you out if you be still here . max well , let 's just say , fuck you , hackett . you want I out , you be go to have to drag I out kick and scream . and the whole news division will walk out kick and scream with I . hackett you think they be go to quit they job for you ? not in this depression , buddy . max when ruddy get back , he will have you ass . hackett I get a hit , schumacher , and ruddy do not count any more . he be hope I would fall on my face with this beale show , but I do not . it 's a big , fat , big -titted hit , and I do not have to waffle around with ruddy any more . if he want to take I up before the C.C. and A. board , let he . and do you think ruddy 's ( more ) et revise 12/31/75 74 hackett . ( contd ) stupid enough to go to the cca . board and say : " I be take we one hit show off the air ? " and come November fourteen , I be go to be stand un there at the annual cca . management review meeting , and i'm go to announce project earning for this network for the first time in five year . and , believe I , Mr. Jensen will be sit there rock back and forth in he little chair , and he 's go to say : " that 's very good , Frank , keep it up . " so do not have any illusion about who 's run this network from now on . you be fire . I want you out of you office before noon or I will have you throw out . max ( to diana ) and you go along with this ? diana well , Max , I tell you I do not want a network hassle over this . I tell you I would much rather work the beale show out just between the two of we . ( stand ) well , let 's just say , fuck you too , honey . ( to hackett ) Howard teale may be my best friend ! I will go to court . i'1l put he in a hospital befuve 1 let you exploit he like a carnival _ £reak . hackett you get you psychiatrist , and I will get mine . max ( head for the door ) I be go - to spread this whole ( more ) 96 . 97 . 98. 75 max ( contd ) reek business in every paper and on every network , independent , group , and affiliate station in this country . I be go to make a lot of noise about this . hackett great ! we need all the press we can get . max exit . hackett cli ks he intercom . hackett ( contd ) ( on intercom ) get I Mr. cabell -- ( to diana ) something go on between you and schumacher ? diana , ( sigh ) not any more . hackett ( he phone buzy , he pick it up ) Tom , Howard beale have disappear . tell harriman to prepare a big statement for the news media . and call the cop and tell they to find the crazy son of a bitch -- ext : ubs build - sixth avenue - night - 96 . 6:40 p.m. thunder crash -- rain lash the street . pedestrian struggle against the slashing rain . the street gleam ' wetly , the. heavy ' traffic head : uptown : crush and honk along , erratic enfilade of headlight in the shiny , black street -- closer angle 97 . of entrance to ubs Building . howard beale , wear a coat over he pajamas , drench to the skin , he mop of gray hair plaster in streak to he brow , hunch against the rain , climb the step and push the glass door at the entrance and go into -- int : ubs build - lobby 98 . two security guard at the desk watch howard pass -- 99 . revise 12/31/75 . 76 security guard how do you do , Mr. beale ? howard stop , turn , stare haggardly at the security guard . howard ( mad as a loon ) I have to make my witness . security guard ( a agreeable fellow ) sure thing , Mr. beale . howard plod off to the elevator . int : network news control room 99 . murmured , efficient activity as in previous scene . diana stand in the back in the shadow . on the show monitor , jack snowden , beale 's replacement , have be do the news straight -- snowden ( on monitor ) «-- oil minister of the OPEC nation meeting in Vienna still have not decide how much more to increase the price of oil next Wednesday . Iran and some of the arab state want to jack up the price by as much as twenty percent -- production assistant five second -- technical director twenty -five in Vienna -~- director and ... two -- snowden . ( on monitor ) the Saudi arablan be be more cautious . they just want a ten per - cent increase . more on that story from Edward fletcher in vienna -- all this be under and overlapped by harry hunter answer a buzz on he phone -- hunter ( on phone ) yeah ? ... okay -- ( hang up , to diana ) he come in the building about five minute ago . C 39 , i mar revise 12/31/75 , : 77 cont 'd. production assistant ten second come to one -- diana tell snowden if he come in the studio to let he go on . hunter : ( to the stage manager ) . do you get that , Paul ? the stage manager nod , pass on the instruction to he a.d. on the studio floor . on the show monitor , we see footage of the OPEC Vienna meeting , lot of arab headress and bearded levantine face at conference table , and we be hearing the voice of Edward fletcher in Vienna -- fletcher ( on monitor ) : this have probably be the mort divisive meeting the oil - produce state have ever have . the thirteen nation of OPEC have still not be able to decide by how much to increase the price of oil -- on the show monitor , the footage flick to Sheikh Zaki yamani be interview by a corps of correspondent outside the meeting hall -- fletcher ( v.0 . ) Saudi Arabian oil minister Sheikh Zaki yamani fly to London yesterday for further consultation with he government . he return to the Vienna meeting today -- nobody in the control room be pay . too much attention to yamani ; they be all watch . the double . bank. of black - and -white monitor vhich show howard beale enter the studio , drench , hunch , stare gauntly off into he own space , move with single - minded purpose across the. studio floor past camera and assistant director , cameramen , SOUND men , electrician and . associate producer , to he desk which be be vacate for he by jack snowden . on the show monitor , the film clip of yamani have come to a end . assistant director ready 2 . . director take 2 . 78 '' - and , suddenly , the obsessed face of howard beale , . gaunt , haggard , red-ey with unworldly fervor , hair 2 streak and plaster on he brow , manifestly mad , fill the monitor screen . — — howard ( on monitor ) I do not have to tell you thing be bad . everybody know thing ~ be bad . it 's a depression . everybody 's out of work or scared of lose they job , the dollar busy a nickel 's worth , bank be go bust , shopkeeper keep a gun under the counter , punk be run wild in the street , and there 's nobody anywhere who seem to know what to do , and there 's no end to it . we know the air 's unfit to breathe and we food be unfit to eat , and we sit and watch we tee-ve while some local newscaster tell we today we have fifteen homicide and sixty - three violent crime , as if that 's the way it 's suppose to be . we all know thing be bad . worse than bad . they be crazy . it 's like everything 's go crazy . so we do not go out any more . we sit in the house , and slowly the world we live in get smaller , and all we ask be please , at least leave we alone in we own . live room . let I have my toaster and my tee-vee and my hair - dryer and my steel - belt radial , and I will not say anything , just leave we alone . well , I be not go to leave you alone . I want you to get mad -- another angle show the rapt attention of the people in the control room , especially of diana -- howard ( contd ) I do not want you to riot . I . do not want you to protest . I do not want you to write you congressman . because I would not know what to tell you to write . py I do not know what to do about the { L depression and the inflation and the defense budget and the Russians ( more ) qo 100 . 101 . 79 howard ( contd ) . and crime in the street . all I know be first you get to get mad . you have get to say : '' I be mad as hell and I be not go to take this any . more . I 'ma human be , goddammit . my life have value . " so I want you to get up now . I want you to get out of you chair and go to the window . right now . I want you to go to the window , open it , and stick you head out and yell . I want you to yell : '' I be mad as hell and I be not go to take this any more ! " diana ( grab hunter 's shoulder ) how many station do this go out live to ? hunter sixty -seven . I know it go out to Atlanta and louisville , I think -- howard ( on monitor ) =~ get up from you chair . go to the window . open it . stick you head out and yell and keep yell -- but diana have already leave the control room and be scurrying down -- int : corridor 100 . -- yanking door open , look for a phone , which she find in -- int : a office iol . diana ( seize the phone ) give. I station Relations -- ( the call go through ) herb , this be diana christenson , be you watch because I want you to call every affiliate carry this live -- ... I will be right up -- 102 . 103 . 104 . 80 int : elevator area ~ fifteenth floor 102 . diana burst out of the just - arrive elevator and stride down to where a clot of executive and office personnel be block a open doorway . diana push through to -- int : thackeray' office - station relation 103 . herb thackeray on the phone , stare up at howard beale on he wall monitor ~~ howard ( on monitor ) -- first , you have to get mad . when you be mad enough -- both thackeray' secretary 's office and he own office be fill with he staff . the Assistant vp station Relations , a 32 - year- old fellow name ray pitofsky , be at the secretary 's desk , also on the phone . another assistant vp be stand behind he on the secretary 's other phone -~ diana ( shouting to thackeray ) whom be you talk to ? thackeray wegg , Atlanta -- diana be they yell in Atlanta , herb ? howard ( on console ) -- we will figure out what to do about the depression -- thackeray ( on phone ) be they yell in Atlanta , :: Ted ? int : general manager' office - ubs affiliate 104 . - atlanta the general manager of wcgg , Atlanta , a portly 58 - year - old man , be stand by the open window of he office , stare out into the gather dusk , hold he phone . the station be locate in a Atlanta suburb , but from far off across the foliage ' surround the station , there can be hear a faint rumble . on he office console , howard beale be say -- 81 - howard ( on console ) a -- and the inflation and the oil crisis -- general manager ( into phone ) herb , so help I , I think they be yell -- 105 . int : thackeray' office 105 . pitofsky ( at secretary 's desk , on the phone ) they be yell in baton rouge . diana grab the phone from he and listen to he people of baton rouge yell they anger in the street -- howard ( on console ) -- thing have get to change . but you can not change they unless you be mad . you have to get mad . go to the window -- a diana ° ( give phone back to pitofsky ; she eye glow with excitement ) the next time somebody ask you to explain what rating be , you tell they : that 's rating ! ( exult ) Son of a bitch , we strike the mother lode ! 106 . int : max's apartment - live room 106 . max , ' mrs . ' schumacher , and they 17 - year - old daughter , caroline , watch the Network News show -- howard { on - the set ) -- stick you head out and yell . . I want you to yell : " I be mad as hell and I be not go to take this any more ! " caroline get up from she chair and head for the live room window . '' louise schumacher a ) where be you go ? eon ee , 82 caroline I want to see if anybody 's yell . howard ( on tv set ) right now . get up . go to you window -- 107 . caroline open the’ window and look out on the rain -swept street of the upper East side , the bulk , anonymous apartment house and the occasional brownstone . it be thunder dark ; a distant clap of thunder crash somewhere off and lightning shatter the dank darkness . in the sudden hush follow the thunder , a thin voice down the block can be hear shouting : thin voice ( 0.s. ) I be mad as hell and I be not go to take this any more ! howard ( on tv set ) -- open you window -- max join he daughter at the window . rain spray against he face -- max's p.o.v. 108. he see occasional window open , and , just across from he apartment house , a man open the front door of a brownstone -- - man ( shout ) I be mad as hell and I be not go to take this any more ! other shout be hear . from he twenty - third floor vantage point , max see the erratic landscape of . Manhattan building for some block , and , silhouett head in window after window , here , there , and then seemingly everywhere , shout out into the slashing black rain of the street -- voice I be mad as hell and I be not go to take this any more ! a terrifying enormous clap of natural thunder , follow by a frantic brilliant fulguration of lightning ; and now the gather chorus of scattered shout seem to be come from the whole , huddle , black horde of the 109 . 110 . ill . 112 . 113. 83 city 's people , scream together in fury , a indistinguishable tidal roar of human rage as formidable as the natural thunder again roaring , thundering , rumbling above . it sound like a Nuremberg rally , the air thick and tremble with it -- full shot - max 109 . stand with he daughter by the open terrace window - door , rain spraying against they , listen to the stupefying roar and thundering rise from ali around he . he close he eye , sigh , there 's nothing he can do about it any more , it 's out of he hand . ext : los angele INTERNATIONAL airport - 110 . wednesday , october 16 - 12:00 noon - day a jumbo 747 touch down at L.A. Airport -- narration by mid-october , the Howard beale show have settle in at a 42 share , more than equalling all the other network news show combine -~ 111 . ' diana and barbara schlesinger , carry attache case , script , hand baggage , deplane -- narration in the September rating book , the Howard beale show be list as the fourth high - rate show . of the month , surpass only by | all in the family , rhoda , and chico and the man -- a phenomenal state of affair for a news program ~= ext : ubs build - L.A. = day 112 . a tower glass building on Santa monica boulevard . identify . . narration and , on October the sixteenth , diana christenson fly to Los Angeles -- int : west coast ubs build - a conference 113 . diana at a luncheon meeting ( sandwich and container F 84 of coffee ) , with she West Coast programm Department -~- narration -- for what the trade call pow - wow and confab with she West Coast programming exec -- this ase four men and two women ; glenn kossoff and barbara schlessinger ; the three other men be the Assistant vp Program development West Coast , head of the Story Department West Coast , and a man from audience Research ; the woman be vp daytime programm West Coast . they be all sit around a typical modn-shape conference table except for diana who be move towards a large display board at the far end of the table stretch the length of the wall . this be a improvise programming '' board . " it show -- through movable heavy cardboard piece -- what all four network have on by the half hour for all seven day of the week -- diana Wednesday riight look weak on all three of the other network for next September , so we concentrate on Wednesday night . we be go to expand the Howard beale show to a hour in January , which will give we a hell of a lead - in to eight o'clock . so , on Wednesday night , I want to follow that with two strong dramatic hour , no sit-com , nothing lightweight -- bill herron poke he head into the room -- herron ( to diana ) I have get laureen hobb ' lawyer on the phone . be five - thirty okay , and where would you like to meet , here or at the hotel ? diana ( to schlesinger ) let 's put hy norman at five -- ( to herron ) five - thirty be fine , and at my office , if they do not mind . ( back to she " board " and she exhortation to the programming people ) ( more ) '' ' Le , J 114 , 85 diana ( contd ) -- what I want right now be movie of the week we can use for pilot . I want five movie of the week ready '' by March at the outside , preferably sooner -~ int : ubs build west coast - diana' office 114 . a utterly bland office keep for visit firemen . diana be behind the desk . barbara schlesinger be sit on the couch . glenn kossoff be ushere two gentlemen out , spot someone in the outer office -- kossoff ( to anteroom ) hy , come on in -- he usher in a silver - haire , suntan , fresh - from - the-tenniscourt man dress in California elegance , rakish blazer , archetype of all L.A. television pack - ager -~ hy norman -- kossoff ( contd ) hy , I think you know Barbara schlesinger , but I do not know if you know diana christenson -- norman . ( sink casually into the visitor 's chair , — crossing he leg , flash a fully - cap set of tooth ) as a matter of fact , I think we . meet during the 1972 mcgovern - for - President campaign , of which , I be proud to say , I be a principal ' fund raiser -- diana ( lean across the desk to shake he hand ) no , I be afraid not . now , hy , we be run a little late , so I would like to get right to it . I havem idea for a hour television series , and I would like to lay it in you lap . here 's the back - up story . the hero be white - collar middle - class , a architect , aviation engineer , anything , a decent law -abide man . he life with he wife and daughter in a large city . his o oa . ke } 86 diana ( contd ) wife and daughter be rape and he 's mug . he appeal to the police , but they hand be tie by the Warren Court decision . there 's nothing but pornography in the movie , and vandal bomb he church . the animal be take over . so he decide to take the law into he own hand . he busy a gun , practice till he 's a expert . he take up karate , become a black belt , a adept in kung fu and all the other martial art . now , he start walk the street of the city , decoy mugger into preying on he . he kung fu 's they all . pretty soon , he 's join by a couple of neighbor . what , we have get now be a vigilante group . 1 that 's the name of the show -- the ' vigilante . the idea be , if the ' law will not protect the decent people , they have to take the law into they 's own hand , ' norman that may be he most fascistic idea ' I have hear in year . diana right . norman and a shameless steal from a movie call " death wish . " diana I - know . and , so far , " death wish " have gross seventeen million dome - tic . it obviously strike a pulse in Americans . I want to strike the same pulse . now , let I finish , hy . the format be simple . every week a crime be commit , and the police be helpless to deal with it . the victim turn to we group of vigi - lant . , what the hell , it 's FBI , Mission impossible , kojack , except the heroes be ordinary citizen , you neighbor and mine . norman ( stand ) I find the whole thing repulsive . a met diana you give I a pilot script we can use as a movie of the week for January , and I '11 commit to twelve segment on the basis of that script . norman ( turn ) you will commit on the basis of the pilot script ? diana that 's what I say . that 's a three million dollar commitment . I figure you could skim a quarter of a million for yourself out of that . of course , we all know you be a highly principle political liberal , and you may find this kind of show repulsive -- norman ( slowly sit again ) well -- not necessarily . I deplore vigilante tactic , of course , but the vigilante tradition be a profound , even proud tradition in the american social fabric . this sort of program also offer opportunity for come to grip with the burn issue of we time , to do meaningful drama and at the same time provide mass enter - tainment . diana beautiful , hy . norman who do I talk number with , Charlie kinkaid ? diana right . i'1l call Charlie and tell he we will go to forty thousand for the first script . if you come in with anything good , hy , I '11 slot you .on Wednesday night at eight come right off the Howard beale show , and that 's the best lead - in you will ever get . norman open the door to leave , look out into the outer office , close the door , turn to diana . 87 q 115 . 88 norman be that laureen hobb out there ? what the hell be laureen hobb do out there ? diana we be go to put the Communist Party on prime- time television , hy . norman I would not doubt it for a minute . 115 . he open the door and go out . on he heel , glenn kossoff be already usheringin bill herron , laureen hobb , ( a handsome black woman of 35 in afro and das ~ hiki ) ; SAM haywood , ( late 50' , a shaggy , unkempt law - yer in the clarence darrow tradition , galluse , string - tie , folksy drawl and all ) ; a young lawyer , ROBERT murphy , ( early 30' , Harvard intellectual type ) ; and three agent from the William Morris officename lennie , wallie and ed , ( ali in they mid -30' , all wear trim blue suit and all indistinguishable from each other ) . diana rise to greet they , extend she hand to laureen hobb -~ diana Christ , you bring half the William Morris West Coast office with you . I be diana christenson , a racist lackey of the imperialist ruling circle . laureen I be laureen hobb , a bad - ass commie nigger . diana sound like the basis of a firm friendship . ( to kossoff ) we be go to need more chair -~ in b.g. , meanwhile , schlesinger be exchange hellos with the three william morris agent and be be in - troduce to the lawyer and look at baby picture profer to she by one of the agent . it 's ali jolly as hell , a lot of chuckle and smile -- schlesinger ( inb.g . ) anybody want coffee ? ) ne 43 ka 89 lennie Black with sucaryl -- kossoff and a secretary be haul in chair -- laureen ( intorduce to diana ) this be my lawyer , Sam haywood , and he associate , Robert Murphy -- handshakes , nod , smile , everybody begin to sit . the secretary go around take coffee order -- haywood ( a old union lawyer , give to peroration ) well , Ms. christenson , just what the hell 's this all about ? be - cause when a national television network in the person of bubby here -- ( indicate herron ) '' - come to I and say he want to put the ongoing struggle of the oppress mass on prime - time television , I have to regard this askance -- more chair be bring in . diana would answer haywood but he boom along , beginning to hit he stride -- haywood ( contd ) I have to figure this as a anti- thetical distraction . the thesis here , if you follow I , be that the capitalist state be in a ter - minal condition now , and the anti - thesis be the maturation of the fascist state , and when the corre - lative appendage of the fascist state come and say to I they want to give the revolution a weekly hour of prime - time television , I have get to figure this be pre - ventive co-optation , right ? -- the necessary chair be in by now , and everyone be seat . the secretary have go off to fetch the coffee . a sudden hush follow haywood 's hegelian instruction , and diana would answer , but haywood be now center-stage , into the full swell of rhetoric -- haywood ( contd ) the ruling class be run scared , right ? you turn the full ( more ) 90 nu } haywood ( contd ) be force of you cossack cop and paramilitary organ of repression against we . but now the slave master hear the rumble of revolution in they ear . so you have no alternative but to co - opt we . put we on teevee and pull we fang . and we be suppose ~ to sell out , right ? for you gang - ster gold ? well , we be not go to sell out , baby ! you can take you fascist teevee and shove it right up you paramilitary ass ! I be here to tell you , we do not sell out ! we do not want you gold ! we be not ~~ go on you teevee ! a moment of hush , in which everybody digest this open - ing statement . diana ( sigh , mutter ) oh , shit , Mr. haywood , if you be not interested in my offer , why the hell - do you bring two lawyer and three < a , agent from the William Morris office I along ? murphy ( Mr. cool ) what Mr. haywood be say , Ms. christenson , be that we client , Ms. hobb , want it up front that the political content of the show have to be entirely in she control . diana she can have it . I do not give a ' damn . about the political . content . wallie what kind of show would you have in mind , diana ? - diana we be interested in do a weekly dramatic series base on the ecumen - ical Liberation Army , and I will tell you what the first show have to be -- a two -hour special on Mary Ann gifford . a we open this two-hour special with ( 7 that bank ripoff footage , which be terrific stuff , and then we tell ( more ) ee everybody 91 diana ( contd ) the story of how a rich young heiress like Mary Ann gifford become a flame revolutionary . would you people be interested in make such a movie for we ? look to laureen hobb . laureen the ecumenical Liberation Army be a ultra-left sect create political confusion with wildcat violence and pseudo~ insurrectionary act , which the Communist Party do not endorse . the american mass be not yet ready for open revolt . we would not want to produce a television show cele - brate historically deviational terrorism . diana even better . I see the story this way . poor little rich girl kid - nap by ultra-left sect . she fall in love with the leader of the gang , convert to he irrespon - sible violence . but then she meet you , understand the true nature of the ongoing people 's struggle for a better society , and , in a emotion - drench scene , she leave she devia - tional lover and dedicate herself to you and the historical inevitability of the socialist state . laureen ( smile ) that would be better , of course . ed what kind of number be we talk , diana ? diana we will give you we top deal , which I think be two fifteen and twenty - five . you will have to talk to Charlie kinkaid about that .. but as long as we be talk series now , I will tell you what I want . I want a lot more film like the bank ripoff the ecumenicals send ( more ) vw '' ls 92 diana ( continue ) in , the way I see this series be every week we open with the authen - tic footage of a act of political terrorism , take on the spot and in the actual moment ; then we go into the drama behind the open film footage . that 's you job , Ms. hobb . you have get to get the ecumenicals to bring in that film for we . the network can not deal with they directly . they be , after all , want criminal . laureen the ecumenicals be a undiscipline ultra-left gang , and the leader be a eccentric to say the least . he call himself the great Ahmed Khan and wear a hussar 's shako . diana Ms. hobb , I be offer you a hour of prime- time television every week into which you can stick whatever propaganda you want . we be talk about thirty to fifty million people a shot . that 's a lot better than hand out mimeograph pamphlet on ghetto street corner . laureen I will have to take this matter to the Central Committee , and I would better check this out with the great Ahmed Khan . diana i'll.be in L.A. until Saturday , and I would like to get this thing roll . ( smile at schlesinger , herron and kossoff ) that 's go to be cur Wednesday night . Seven to eight -- Howard beale ; eight to nine -- the vigilante ; nine to ten -- the mao Tse tung hour . kossoff God , fascism and the revolution all on one night . diana ( tired , rub she eye ) I suppose that 's what 's call balanced programming , 116 . 117 , 118. revise 12/31/75 93 ext : a SMALL isolated farmhouse in encino - 116 . night laureen hobb , sit on the stoop of the front porch talk to another member of the Central Committee , a middle - age white man name witherspoon . the door behind they open , and dowling , a young white man in he 20' , wear a fatigue jacket and tear levis and dark sunglass , poke he head out : dowling okay -- laureen and witherspoon rise , go up the step and follow dowling into -- int : the ecumenicals ' headquarters - entrance 117 . foyer Dark . a absolute shamble . carton , crate , news - paper and scrap of food have be litter about . a young black man , watkins , ( early 20' , stand on the stairway to the second floor hold a army rifle ) , watch laureen and witherspoon follow dowling , and himself follow they into -- int : ' dine room 118 , -- or what have be the dining room . a naked overhead bulb be the only light in here . sitting on a wooden fold chair be the great ahmed khan , a powerful , brood black man in he early 30' . he wear a hussar 's shako and the crescent moon of the midianites hang pendant around he neck . the chair he sit on be the only visible piece of furniture . there be two tatter : sleep bag on the floor , part of a general welter of tear newspaper , empty grocery bag , ham - burger leftover , etc . the wall be bare except for blowup of che guevara , mao , marlon brando and Jane fonda , scotch - tape to the tear wall - paper . carton and crate here and there , automatic gun lean against the wall . box of ammunition and grenade and mortar shell stack against a wall . in atten - dance on the great ahmed khan be a young black woman in she late 20' , name jenkins , and a young white woman in she early 20' , mary ann gifford , who be a fire -eate militant with a bandolier of cartridge across she tear shirt and with a b.a.r. hold in she hand . laureen pull up a empty crate , sit , wave a limp hand of hello to the other and regards the great khan -- D 119 . 120 . - 121 . 94 laureen well , Ahmed , you be not go to believe this , but I be go to make a teevee star out of you . just like archie bunker . you be go to be a household word . ahmed what the fuck be you talk about ? music : a rataplan of kettledrums and a tarantara of trumpet . int : ubs build - new york - a control room - 119 . monday , JANUARY 27 , 1975 everybody murmure away -- director ( murmur into mike ) -- and one -- the show monitor cut to a beam announcer -- announcer 's lady and gentleman , let 's hear ; it -- how do you feel ? show monitor now show pack audience happily roaring : audience ( roaring out ) we be mad as hell , and we be not go to take this any more ! int : the studio 120 . the .announcer beam away in front of a curtain -- announcer lady and gentlemen ! News hour ! -- control room the Network int : 121. the show monitor -- announcer ( on monitor ) -- with sybil the soothsayer , Jim webbing and he it 's - the - emme - Truth Department , miss mata hari , tonight another segment of vox populi , and star -- cs 122. kevise 12/31/75 95 music : a flourish of drum . announcer ( contd ) -- the mad prophet of the airway , Howard beale ! -- music : a full symphony orchestra sqar into a imperial crescendo -- 122 => as the houselight go to black . the curtain slowly rise . a absolutely bare stage except for one stain glass window , suspend by wire high above stage leave through which shoot a overpower shaft of light as if emanate from heaven . howard beale , in a austere black suit with black tie shamble on from the wing , find the spotlight and stand there for a moment shield he eye from the blind light . tumultuous applause from the audience . howard ( erupt into a savonarola - type tirade ) Edward George ruddy die today ! Edward George ruddy be the Chairman of the board of the Union Broad - casting system -- ( more ) 96 howard ( contd ) and woe be we if it ever fall in the hand of the wrong people . and that 's why woe be we that Edward George ruddy die . because this network isnow in the hand of CC and a the Communications Corporation of America . we have get a new Chairman of the board , a man name Frank hackett now sit in Mr. ruddy 's office on the twentieth floor . and when the twelfth large company in the world control the most awesome goddamn propaganda force in the whole godless world , who know what shit will be peddle for truth on this tube ? so , listen to I ! Television be not the truth ! tele - vision be a goddamn amusement park , that 's what television be ! Television be a circus , a carnival , a travel troupe of acrobat and story - teller , singer and dancer , juggler , side - show freak , lion - tamer and football player . we be in the boredom - kill business ! if you want truth , go to God , go to you guru , go to yourself because that 's the only place you will ever find any real truth ! but , man , you be never go to get any truth from we , we will tell you anything you want to hear . we lie like hell ! we will ' tell you kojack always get the killer , and nobody ever get cancer in archie bunker 's house . ' and no matter how much trouble the hero be in , do not worry : just look at you watch -- at the end of the hour , he 's go to win . we will tell you any shit you want to hear ! we deal in illusion , man ! none of it 's true ! but you people sit there -- all of you -- day after day , night after night , all age , color , creed =- we be all you know . you be beginning to believe this illusion we be spin here . you be be - gin to think the tube be reality and you own life be unreal . you do whatever the tube tell you . you dress like the tube , you eat like ( more ) 123 . 97 howard ( contd ) the tube , you raise you child like the tube , you think like the tube . this be mass madness , you maniac ! in God 's name , you people be the real thing ! we be the illv - sion ! so turn off this goddam set ! turn it off . right now ! turn it off and leave it off . turn it off right now , right in the middle of this very sentence I be speak now -- at which point , howard beale , sweat and red-ey with he prophetic rage , collapse to the floor in a pro - phetic swoon . int : CC and a conference room ~ CC and a 123 . build - monday , JANUARY 27 a valhalla of a room take up the 43rd and 44th floor of the CC and a Building . it be dark and theatrical , the lighting at the moment be provide by the shaft of light issue from a slide projector at the back of the room onto a large screen on the raise podium where frank hackett in banker 's gray stand make he annual report . on the screen , we see chart of figure , one after the other , which accompany hackett 's explication . a little red arrow dart from one figure to another as hackett drone on . seat in a semi-circular arrange - ment like a miniature United Nations be 214 senior executive , ( late 40' , 50' , and 60' ) . they each have they own little desk with swivel chair , pin - spot light , pile of bound company report , and name plate give they name and company they represent . note one specific chair in the dead center of the first row that swivel back and forth , back and forth -- hackett ( on podium ) ~~ ubs be run at a cash - flow breakeven point after take into account one hundred and ten million dollar of negative cash - flow from the network . note please the add thirty - five million result from the issuance of the subordinate sink - ing debenture . it be clear the fat on the network have to be flitch off -- another closer angle on the chair in the first row that keep swivelling back and forth . I , — 124 . 98 hackett ( contd ) ( on podium , as a new slide of chart flash on screen ) please note a increase in pro - ject initial programming rev - enue in the amount of twenty - one million dollar due to the phenom - enal success of the Howard beale show . I expect a positive cash - flow for the entire complex of forty - five million achievable in this fiscal year , a year , in short , ahead of schedule -- another angle closer on the swivelling chair but still not revealing its occupant . hackett ( contd ) I go beyond that . this network may well be the most significant profit center of the communication complex -- full shot of hackett barely conceal he pride -- hackett ( contd ) -- and , base upon the project rate of return on invest capital , and if merger be eventually accomplish , the communication complex may well become the tower and most profit - able center in the entire CC and a empire . I await you question and comment . Mr. Jensen ? camera pan across the huge dark room of tiere seat to the swivelling chair in the front . row which now swivel to face camera , revealing a short , bald , bespectacle man with a grant Woods face . this be arthur jensen , the President and Chairman of the board of CC and a , jensen ( murmur ) very good , Frank . exemplary . keep it up -- tight shot of hackett , bask in this praise , suffuse with pride -- int : temple emanuel - new york - tuesday , 124 , JANUARY 28 - 10:30 a.m. edward GEORGE ruddy lie in state . on 99 another angle show the vault reach of the Temple pack with a stand room audience of condoler with the white yarmalka-ed rabbi in b.g. officate . all the network brass be spot around the congregation . closer angle across max among the condoler , follow : he eye to several row of pews down on the other side ww of the aisle where diana be sit . aware of max 's eye on she , she turn she face a bit so that they eye meet briefly . she smile , turn back to the rabbi 's eulogy -- 125 . ext : 65 th STREET - MAIN entrance - temple 125 , emanuel - day - snow snow drift down . crowd of overcoate condoler flood - ing the sidewalk . a cortege of black limousine line up in front of the temple as funeral director guide condoler into they respective limousine . a curious crowd of passersby watch . max schumacher thread he way through the crush to where diana christenson stand , murmure to nelson chaney and walter amundsen , all bundle up in winter coat . there be muttere " hello , Max , how be you 's " and '' how 's everything , walter , " etc . max ( to diana ) buy you a cup of coffee ? diana Hell , yes . goodby all around , and max and diana move off through the fringe of the crush on the sidewalk . camera dolly with they . they turn the corner onto -- 126 . ext : fifth avenue ~ day - snow 126 . they head downtown . they walk silently . snow drift down on they , camera dolly with they . max do you have to get back to the _ office ? diana nothing that can not wait . they walk on silently . 4 3 diana ( after a moment ) I drop down to the news studio every now and then and ask Howard ( more ) ee i) '' 100 diana ( contd ) beale about you . he say you be do fine . be you ? max no. diana be you keep busy ? max after a fashion . this be the third funeral I have be to in two week . I have two other friend in hospital whom I visit regularly . I have be to a couple of christening . all my friend seem to be die or have grandchild . diana you should be a grandfather about now . you have a pregnant daughter in Seattle , do not you ? max any day now . my wife 's out there for the occasion . I have think many time of call you . diana I wish you have . they both suddenly stop on fifth Avenue between 65th and 64th street and . regard each other . a occasional snowflake moisten they cheek , wet they hair . diana I bump into sybil the soothsayer in the elevator last week . I say : " you know , sybil , about four month ago , you predict I would get involved with a middle - age man , and , so far , all that 's happen be one many - splendor night . I do not call that get involved . " and she say : " do not worry . you will . " it be a many - splendor night , be not it , Max ? max yes , it be . diana be we go to get involved , Max ? 101 max yes . I need to get involved very much . how about you ? diana I have reach for the phone to call you a hundred time , but I be sure ~- you hate I for my part in take you news show away . max I probably do . I do not know any more . all I know be I can not keep you out of my mind . they stare at each other , bemuse by the abrupt fragile explosion of they feeling . the snow drift down . pedestrian move back and forth around they . the fifth Avenue traffic honk and grind its way downtown . diana my God , she 's uncanny . max who ? diana sybil the soothsayer . we have get a modern - day Greek drama here , Max . two star-cross lover ordain to fall disastrously in love by the god . a December ~ - May story . happily marry middle - age man meet desperately lonely young career woman , let 's say a violinist . they both know they illicit love can only end in tragedy , but they be curse by the god and plunge dementedly in love . for a few brief moment , they be happy . he abandon devote wife and loving child , and she throw away she concert career . they friend plead ~ with they to give each other up , but they be helpless plaything in the hand of malignant god . they love sour , embitter by ugly little jealousy , cryptic rancor . the soothsayer appear again and warn be the girl she will die if she per - $ sist in this heedless love affair . she defy the soothsayer . but ( more ) ns 127 . 102 diana ( contd ) now one of the man 's child be rush to the hospital with a mysterious disease . he rush back to he family , and she be leave to throw herself on the railroad track . give I a two - page outline on it , Max . I might be able to sell it to xerox . max a bit too austere for teevee , I think . diana you be right . we would not get a will rating . how about a twist on brief encounter ? happily marry man meet woman marry to she career . max NBC do brief encounter last year , and it sink . diana well , we be both a bit long in the tooth to try for Romeo and juliet . max why do not we just wing it ? she laugh , then he . a passerby dart they a curious glance . int : max's apartment - live room - monday , 127 . february .25 th max and he wife , louise , in the middle of a ugly domestic scene , louise sit erect on a overstuff chair , she eye wet with imminent tear ; max stride around the room . he be clearly under great stress . louise ( shrilly ) how long have it be go on ? max ( prowling around the room ) a month , I think at first it might be a transient thing and blow over in a week . I still ( more ) 103 max ( contd ) hope to God it 's just a menopausal infatuation . but it be a infa - tuation , Louise . there 's no sense my say I will not see she again because I will . do you want I to clear out , go to a hotel ? louise do you love she ? max I do not know how I feel . I be grateful I still feel anything . I know I be obsessed with she . louise ( stand ) then say it ! do not keep tell I you be obsessed , you be infatuated == say you be in love with she ! max I be in love with she . louise ( erupt ) then get out , go to a hotel , go anywhere you want , go live with she , but do not come back ! because after twenty - five year pf building a home and raise a family and all the senseless pain we have inflicted on each other , I will be damned if I will just stand here and let you tell I you love somebody else ! . ( now it 's she stride around , weep , a cage lioness ) because this be not just some con - vention weekend with you secretary , be it ? or some broad you pick up after three belt of booze . this be you great winter romance , be not it ? , you last roar of passion be - fore you sink into you emeritus year . be that what 's leave for I ? be that my share ? she get the great winter passion , and I get the dotage ? be I suppose to sit at home knitting and purling till you slink back like a penitent drunk ? I be you wife , damn it ! if you can not work up a ( more ) we '' lp i 104 louise ( contd ) winter passion for I , then the least I require be respect and allegiance ! I be hurt ! do not you understand that ? I be hurt badly ! she stare , she cheek streak with tear , at max stand at the terrace glass door , stare blindly out , he own eye wet and welling . after a moment , he turn and regards he anguish wife . louise ( contd ) say something , for God 's sake . max I have get nothing to say . he enfold she ; she sob on he chest . louise ( after a moment ) be you that deeply involved with ex ? max yes . louise I will not give you up easily , Max . he struggle to restrain he tear . she release she - self from he embrace . louise ( contd ) I think the best thing be if you do move out . do she love you , Max ? max 4 I be not sure she 's capable of any : real feeling . she 's the television generation . she learn life from bug Bunny . the only reality she know be what come over she teevee set . she have devise a variety of scenario for we all to play , as if it be a Movie of the week . . and , my God ! , look at we , Louise . | here we be go through the obli - gatory middle - of - Act - two scorn wife throw peccant husband out scene . but , no fear , I will come back home . ( more ) or 128. 129 . 130 . 105 max ( contd ) in the end . all she plot outline have I leave she and return to you because the audience will not buy a rejection of the happy american family . she do have one script in which I kill myself , a adapt for television version of Anna karenina in which she 's Count vronsky and I be Anna . louise you be in for some dreadful grief , Max , max I know . int ; ubs build - w.y¥ . - diawa' office , 128 . friday , february 28 , 1975 diana , murmure into she squawk box and , at the same time , put last minute thing into a weekend bag . she be ebullient -- diana ( on squawk box ) «+e . I know what NBC offer they , marty , so I be say go to three point five , and iwant a option for a third run on all of they ++. marty , I be in a big hurry , and you and Charlie be suppose to be negotiate this , so goodbye and good luck , and I will see you ijonday ... click off she squawk box , snap she weekend bag shut , whisk - she ' sheep wool - line coat out of she closet and stride out into -- int : diana' secretary's office 129 , -- where there be no one sit , and continue out into -- int : programming department - common rool 130 . where a few secretary be still at they desk . tommy pellegrino be just come out of he office -- pellegrino ( call to diana ) Jimmy caan 's agent just call and say absolutely nix . o 131 . 132 . 133. 106 diana ( stride across the room ) you can not win they all . pellegrino where can ireachyou later today ? diana ( exite ) you can not . I '1l1 be go all weekend . pellegrino turn to barbara schlesinger now poke she head out of she office -- pellegrino I think the Dragon Lady get she - self a dragon fellow . schlesinger poor bastard . ext : ubs build - sixth avenue - afternoon 131 . - day diana , now wear she sheep wool - line coat and carry - ing she weekend bag , come stride happily out through the entrance door , head for 55th Street , spot a double - park car , and head heedless of traffic across the street to -- ext : 55 th STREET - day 132 . max schumacher in a rent chevy , lean across to open the door for she . she slip into the front seat , slam the door shut , nestle she head on max 's over - coat shoulder , as he start the ignition -- diana {happy and in love ) NBC 's offer three point two and a half mile per for a package of five James bond picture , and I think I be go to steal they for three point five with a third run -- they move out into the heavy traffic of Sixth Avenue -- ext : deserted beach in the hamptons - dusk 133 . traditional lyric love scene . the two mackinaw -ed lover walk hand - in-hand on a lovely stretch of desert winter beach . the tide be come in -- 134 . 135 . 107 diana ( bubbling ) the vigilante snow be sell firm . Ford take a complete position at , so help I , five -fifty cpm . in fact , I be move the vigilante show to nine and I be go to stick the mao Tse tung hour in at eight because we be have a lot of trouble sell the mao Tse tung hour . this way we give it a terrific lead - in from the Howard beale show and we will back into the vigilante , and it certainly ought to carry its own time slot -- int : a romantic little italian restaurant 134 , the obligatory italian restaurant , checker table - cloth , candle , wine , etc . diana and max at dinner , utterly rapt in each other -- diana ( pour out she heart ) that mao Tse tung hour be turn into one big pain in the ass . we be have heavy legal problem with the federal government right now . two FBI guy turn up in hackett 's office last week and serve we with a subpoena . they hear about we flagstaff bank vipoff film , and they want it . we be get around that by do the show in collaboration with the News divison , so hackett tell the pbi to fuck off ; we be stand on the first amendment , freedom of the press , and the right to protect we source -- ext : motor court ~ night 135 . diana and max get out of they car and head for one of the ground - level room , max unlock the door -- diana . ( chirp merrily along ) -- walter think we can knock out the misprision of felony charge -- they go into -- 136 . 108 int : motor court - there room 136 . max flick the light on , kick the door shut , and they be instantly into each other 's arm in a passionate embrace . diana -- but he say absolutely nix on go to series . they will hit we with inducement and conspiracy to commit a crime -- she busily remove she shoe and unbutton she blouse and whisk out of she slack ; and , down to she bikini panty , she be now scour the wall for a thermostat . diana ( contd ) Christ , it 's cold in here -- ( she turn up the heat ) you see we be pay this nut from the ecumenical Liberation Army ten thousand buck a week to bring in authentic film footage on they revolutionary activity , and that constitute inducement to commit a crime ; and walter say we will all wind ‘up in federal prison -- nubile and nearly naked , she entwine herself around max , who , by now , have stripped down to he trousers ; and the two hunger body slide down onto the bed where they commence a affable moment of amative foreplay -- diana ( contd ) . ( efficiently unbuckle and unzipper max 's trousers ) -~- I say : " walter , let the government sue we ! we will take they to the Supreme Court ! we will be front page for month ! the Washington Post and the New York Times will be do two editorial a week about we ! we will have more press than watergate ! " groping , grasp , gasp and fondle , they contrive to denude each other , and , in a fever of sexual hunger , diana mount max , and the screen be fill with the voluptuous writhing of love , diana cry out with increase exultancy -- 137 . 109 diana ( contd ) ( in the throes of passion ) -- all I need -- be six week of federal litigation -- and the mao Tse tung hour -- can start | carry its own time slot ! she scream in consummation , sigh a long , deliciously shudder sigh , and sink softly down into max 's embrace . for a moment , she rest she head on max 's chest , eye close in feline contentment . diana ( contd ) ( after a moment , she purr ) what 's really bugging I now be my daytime programming . NBC 's get a lock on daytime with they lousy game show , and I would like to bust they , I be think of do a homosexual soap opera -- the dyke -- the heart -rend saga of a woman helplessly in love with she husband 's mistress . what do you think ? -- narration the Mary Ann gifford pilot movie go on the air March ldth -- ext : a SMALL isolated farmhouse in encino 137 . - night a black limousine wind its way up the dirt road to the front porch , where the car be halt and check out by a armed guard ( dowling ) -- narration -- it receive a 47 share in its first hour , climb to a 51 during its second hour -- slivers of light slither out from behind the draw shade of the farmhouse , and we can hear the sound of angry voice . two agent from icm disgorge from the limousine -- a young man in he early 30' , freddie , carry a large manila envelope , and a fat young woman in she mid -30' , helen migg , carry a attache case -- / ls 138. 139 . 140 . revise 12/31/75 110 narration -- show sustained and increase audience interest . the network promptly commit to fifteen show -~ migg and freddie go up the porch and into -- int : the farmhouse - entrance foyer ' 138 . carton , crate , newspaper , scrap of food , tear grocery bag , stack of pamphlet , case of weapon - and ammunition , break furniture and sleep bag be litter every which way about . there seem to be some sort of conference go on in the live room , o.s. leave -- narration -- with a option for ten more -- as the two icm agent head for the live room , 139 . we can see laureen hobb and the three William Morris agent , wallie , lennie and ed , perhaps remember from earlier scene . we can also see the great ahmed khan , still wear he shako , mary ann gifford , still wear she bandolier of bullet , and other member of the Khan 's group in fatigue and bear arm . there be also a middle - age lawyer from icm name willie stein . everybody -- with . the exception of the great khan 's retinue -- be seat on break chair and carton and crate -- narration -- there be , of course , thé usual production difficulty -~ everybody in the live room conference be study 80 - page contract from which one of the agent ( wallie ) be ' read -- wallie ( mumble along ) -- " herein call either ' the production fee 'or ' overhead ' equal to twenty percent two - oh ( except such percentage shall be thirty percent three - oh for ninety minute or longer television program -- " int : the farmhouse - live room 140 . stein ( a nervous man , to the new arrival , now enter ) where the hell have you be ? 111 migg ( embrace the great khan ) Ahmed , sweet , that dodo you send for a driver could not find this fuck place , there be a genial exchange of helloe and wave between the phalanx of agent -- stein let 's get on with this before they raid this place , and we all wind up in the joint . ed ( to freddie now pull up a crate ) we be on schedule a , page seven , small c small i -- migg ( whisk through she copy of the contract ) have we settle that sub < license thing ? we want a clear definition here . Gross proceed should consist of all fund the sublicensee receive not merely the net amount remitted after payment to sublicensee or distributor . stein we be not sit still for over - head . charge as a cost prior to distribution , -laureen ( whose nerve have wear thin , explode :) do not fuck with my distribution cost ! I be get a lousy two - fifteen per segment , and I be already deficite twenty - five grand a week with Metro . I be pay William Morris ten percent off the top ! ( indicate the great khan ) -- and I be give this turkey ten thou a segment and another five for this fruitcake -- ( meaning mary ann gifford ) ( more ) 112 ly laureen ( contd ) a and , helen , do not start no shit with I about a piece again ! I be pay Metro twenty percent of all foreign and canadian distribution , and that 's after recoupment ! . the Communist Party 's not go to see a nickel out of this goddam show until we go into syndication ! migg come on , laureen , you have get the party in there for seventy - five hundred a week production expense . laureen I be not give this pseudo in - surrectionary sectarian a piece of my show ! I be not give he script approval ! and I sure as shit be not cut he in on my distribution charge ! mary ann gifford ( scream in from ay the back} nw fugginfascist ! have you see the movie we take at the San Marino jail break - out demonstrate the rise up of a seminal prisoner - class infrastructure ! laureen you can blow the seminal prisoner - class infrastructure out you ass ! I be not knock down my goddam distribution charge ! the ' great khan decide to offer a opinion by shoot he pistol off into the air . this give everybody something to consider , especially willie stein who almost have a heart attack . the great khan man , give she the fuck over - head clause . : stein how do I get here ? who 's go to believe this ? I be sit here eo in a goddam farm in encino at ten t 3 o'clock at night negotiate over - ~ head charge with cowboy ! 3s 141 , 142. 113 . the great khan ( flipping through he copy ) let 's get to page twenty - two , five , small a , subsidiary rights . everybody start flipping through they contract . lennie where be we now ? wallie page twenty - two , middle of the page , subsidiary rights -- ( begin to read ) " as use herein , ' subsidiary rights ' mean , without limitation , any and all rights with respect to theatrical motion picture rights , radio broadcasting , legiti - mate stage performance , print publication ( include , but not limited to , hard - cover book , but exclude paperback book and comic book ) and / or any other use of a- similar or dissimilar . nature -- " a HOTEL marquee which read : 141 . welcome ubs affiliate convention ext : front of the century plaza HOTEL - wednesday , may 28 - 6:00 p.m. = day across the marquee , look down on the crush of station manager , program executive and sale vice - president from the various affiliate , all tuxedoe - ed and evening - gown and milling about . spot in the cheerful crush can be see diana , mr . and mrs . amundsen , mr. and mrs . zangwill , jollying it up with the affiliate 's executive and they wife -- int : grand ballroom - cocktail area - 142 . century plaza HOTEL a huge banner read , ubs affiliate 1975 hang high over the ballroom . pan down to show 1000 .tuxedo -ed and evening - gown people , mostly middle - age in the vast shurfle of cocktail time -- hubbub , intermingling flux and a slow general shuffle surge through the door lead into -- .) 143 , 144 . 145 . revise 12/31/75 114 int : grand ballroom 143. closer angle of the crush of people at the door . herbert thackeray , ( vp station Relations , ) and norman moldanian ( vp own station , ) with they wive and carry they drink and exchange pleasantry with the general manager of wjgl Cincinnati and he wife and the general manager of kbex albuquerque and he wife as well as the sale manager of that station and he wife . High chatter and hubbub , lot of hearty chuckle and general rotarian bonhomie . in b.g. , frank hackett and he wife exchange rotarian bonhomie with some other general manager and program director and sale manager of various affiliate and they wive -- . another angle as diana , evening - gown , beau - 144 . tiful , glow and effulgent , lean down from she place on the dais to accept congratulatory comment from the sale manager of kgim , boise , and he wife stand on the floor level -- sale manager ( pump diana 's hand ) -- millard villanova , sale manager , kgim , boise -- my wife , here , Maureen -~ diana my pleasure -- sale manager I just want to tell you we see you at stuff this afternoon , Di -- t be great -- diana great , millard -- she turn to accept some more enthusiastic greeting from another general manager and he wife heing bring down the dais to she by walter amundsen , ( General counsel Network ) -- wide angle shot of the whole ballroom , dark , 145 . everybody seat at they table now , listen to a address by nelson chaney . ( President ubs Network ) , a spotlighted figure at the podium -- chaney -- over the past two day , you have all have opportunity to meet diana ( more ) q 115 chaney ( contd ) christenson , we vice President in charge of programming . this afternoon , you all see some of the stuff she 's set up for the new season -- closer shot of chaney -~- chaney ( contd ) you all know she 's the woman behind the Howard beale show . we know she 's beautiful . we know she 's brainy , I just think , before we start digging into we chateau - briand , we ought to let she know how we feel about she -- a ovation from the audience . in response to chaney 's beckone , diana rise from she chair in the glisten - ing shadow of the dais and come down to the podium . she stand there -- shower with applause , beam , exultant -- diana we have get the number one show in television ! ( applause ) and , at next year 's affiliate 's meeting , I will be stand here tell you we have get the top five ! ( tumult ) another angle across hackett at the dais with diana in b.g . a assistant manager lean across hackett and murmur to he -- : diana ( contd ) last year , we be the number four network -- next year , we be number one ! ( tumult ) hackett rise , murmur apology to he neighbor , follow the assistant manager through the shadow of the dais and head out -- diana ( contd ) it. be exactly seven o'clock here in Los Angeles . and right now over a million home use television in this city be turn they dial to Channel 3 -- and that 's we channel ! 146 . 116 music : a rataplan of kettledrums and a tarantara of trumpet , int : cocktail area of the grand ballroom 146 . a portable tee vee set perch on a bar ~- announcer ( on tv ) lady and gentleman ! -- let 's hear it ! -- how do you feel ?! -- studio audience ( on tv ) ( happily roaring out ) we be mad as hell , and we be not go to take this any more ! pull back to show we be in the vast cocktail area of the Grand ballroom , now be clear away by a staff of waiter and . busboys -- hor d'oeuvre , spread and booze be carry away , table and chair be pack off , linen be whisk and fold . a couple of waiter be watch the Howard beale show on the portable tv set perch on the room 's bar -- studio announcer ( on tv ) lady and gentleman -- the mad prophet of the airway ~-- Howard beale ! on the tv set , the houselight go down , the curtain rise , and , as before , bare stage , shimmer stain glass window , a ethereal shaft of light , and howard beale in he austere black suit trudge out and explode -- howard ( on tv ) all right , listen to I ! listen carefully ! this be you goddam ' life . I be talk about today ! in this country , when one company take over another company , they simply buy up a control share of the stock . but first they have to file notice with the government . that 's how C.C. and A. -- the Communications Corporation of America -- buy up the company that own this network . and now somebody 's buy up C.C. and a! some company name western World fund Corporation be buy up C.C. and a ! they file they notice this morning ! well , just who the hell be western World fund Corporation ? it 's a consortium of ( more ) 147 , 117 howard ( contd ) bank and insurance company who be not buy C.C. and A. for they - selve but as agent for somebody else ! long wide angle shot with tv set in f.g. show - 147 . ing the spacious cocktail area be clear away , as far across the room the door to the ballroom open and hackett follow the assistant manager in . hackett linger at the door while the assistant manager get a waiter to bring a jack phone to one . of the table still stand -- howard ( on tv ) well , who 's this somebody else ? they will not tell you ! they will not tell you , they will not tell the Senate , they will not tell the SEC , the fcc , the justice Department , they will not tell anybody ! they say it 's none of we business ! the hell it be not ! -- reverse across hackett as a jack phone be bring to he table ; the cluster . around the tv set in b.g . hackett ( on phone ) this be Mr. hackett , do you have a New York call for I ? ( call to cluster around tv set ) do you want to turn that down , please -- reverse across tv set with hackett in b.g. howard ( on tv ) ( volume a bit down ) well , I will tell you who they be buy C.C. and A. for .. they be buy it for the saudi-arabian investment Corporation ! they be buy it for the Arabs ! reverse on hackett , hackett ( on phone , the hearty executive ) clarence ? Frank hackett here ! how 's everything back in New York ? how 's the good lady ? -- ( more ) 147 , cont'd. revise 12/31/75 '' 118 hacket ? ( cont would . ) ( he face sober ) -- all right , take it easy , clarence , I do not know what you be talk about ... when ?... clarence , take it easy . the Howard beale ’show 's just go on out here . you guy get it three hour earlier in New York ... clarence , take it easy . how the hell could I see it ? it 's just on now -- well , when do Mr. Jensen ¢all you ? reverse across tv set . in b.g. , hackett have hang up and be slowly walk toward the group around the tv set -- howard ( on tv ) -- we know the Arabs control more than sixteen billion dollar in this country ! they own a chunk of fifth Avenue , twenty downtown piece of Boston , a part of the port of New Orleans , a industrial park in Salt Lake City . they own big hunk of the Atlanta 's Hilton , . the Arizona land and cattle company , the Security National Bank in California , the Bank of the commonwealth in Detroit ! they control aramco , so that put they into exxon , texaco and mobil oil ! they be all over ~ New Jersey , louisville , st.louis , Missouri ! and that 's only what we know about ! there 's a hell of a lot more we do not know about because all that arab petro-dollars be wash through Switzerland and Canada and the biggest bank in this country ! hackett peer over the shoulder of a waiter to watch the ' television show -- howard ( on tv ) for example , what we do not know about be this c.c.a. deal and all the other c.c.a. deal ? ( hackett wince ) right now , the Arabs have screw we out of enough american dollar to come back and , with we own money , buy General Motors , IBM , itt , a T and T , Dupont , U.S. steel , and twenty other top american company . Hell , they already own half of England . oo S 148. revise 12731778 int : a video tape room - ubs build - 148 , los angele hackett , nelson chaney and walter amundsen , all tuxedo -ed , . and diana , evening - gown , sit and stand in the dark smallish room , cluttere with electronic equipment , watch a replay of the Howard beale show on the big screen . two technician fiddle with they * equipment -- howard ( on screen ) now , listen to I , goddammit ! the Arabs be simply buy we ! they be buy all we land , we whole : economy , the press , the factory , financial institution , the govern - ment ! they be go to own we ! a handful of agas , shah and emir who despise this country and every - thing it stand for -- democracy , freedom , the right for I to get up on television and tell you about it ~- a couple of dozen medieval fanatics be go to own where you work , where you live , what you read , what you see , you car , you bowl alley , you mortgage , you school , you church , you library , you kid , you whole life ! -- amundsen ( mutter ) the son of a bitch be effective all right -- hackett , who 's see all this already , be not even watch - ing . he be sprawle in he chair , eye close , numbe , even serene with despair . howard ( on screen ) -- and there 's not a single law on the book to stop they ! there 's only one thing that can stop they '' = youl ! so I want you to get up now . I want you to get out of you chair and go to the phone . right now . I want you to go to you phone or get in you car and drive into the western Union office in town . I want everybody listen to I to get up right now and send a telegram to the White House -- hackett nsigh in soft anguish ) oh , God -- howard ( on screen ) by midnight tonight I want a million telegram in the White House ! I want they wading knee - deep in tele - aram at the White House ! get up ! 119 120 howard ( on screen ) ( contd ) right now ! and send President Ford a telegram say : " I be mad as hell and I be not go to take this any more ! I do not want the bank sell my country to the Arabs ! I want this C.C. and A. deal stop now ! -- " hackett oh , God -- howard ( on screen ) I want this C.C. and A. deal stop now ! I want this C.C. and A. deal stop now ! at which point , howard keel over in he . now familiar prophetic swoon . on screen , attendant come and carry howard off -~ chaney ( to a technician ) be that it ? do he come back later in the show ? technician that 's it . this be one of that show he just zonk out . chaney ( to hackett ) do you want to see any more , Frank ? ( hackett sit in numb . silence ) all right , turn it off -- ' the other technician push a button and the screen go white . ' the first technician flick the room light on . amundsen ( to hackett ) do you want to go to you office ? hackett stare silently into space . chaney ( to the technician ) look , could we have the room ? technician sure. mi} a 149 . 121 the two technician exit . silence fill the 149 . ' cluttere room . amundsen and hackett sit in they chair , chaney lean against a side wall , diana lounge against a rear wall . after a moment , amundsen stretch , stand -~ amundsen os well , I would like to see a type - script and run it a couple of more time , but I do not think he say anything seriously actionable . but , as for this whole C.C. and A. deal with the Saudis , you would know a ) lot more about that than I would , : prank , be it true ? hackett sigh . : hackett ( mumble ) : yes. C.C. and A. have two billion , in loan with the Saudis , and they hold every pledge we have get . we t need that Saudi money bad . ( he stand , so wretch he be tranquil ) a disaster . this show be a disaster , a unmitigate disaster , the death knell . I be ruin , I be dead , I be finish . chaney maybe we be overstate beale 's clout with the public . hackett a hour ago , clarence mcelheny call I from New York . it be ten o'clock in the East , and we people in the White House report they be already knee - deep in telegram . by tomorrow morning , they will be suffocating in telegram . chaney well , can the government stop the deal ? hackett they can hold it up . the SEC could hold this deal up for twenty year if they want to . I be finish . ( more ) 2 4 \- 122 hackett ( contd ) any second that phone 's go to ring and clarence mcelheny 's go to tell I Mr. Jensen want I in he office tomorrow morning so he can personally chop my head off . ( tear stream shame - lessly down he cheek as he shuffles , a break man , around the room ) four hour ago , I be the Sun God at C.C. and A. , Mr. Jensen 's hand - pick golden boy , the heir apparent . now I be a man without a corporation ! diana ( come off the back wall ) let 's get back to Howard beale . you be not seriously go to pull beale off the air . hackett : Mr. Jensen be unhappy with Howard beale and want he discontinue . diana he may be unhappy , but he be not stupid enough to withdraw the number one show on television out of pique . hackett ( explode ) two billion dollar be not pique ! that 's the wrath of God ! and the wrath of God want Howard beale fire ! diana what for ? every other network will grab he the minute he walk out the door . he will be back on the air for ABC tomorrow . and we will lose twenty point in audience share in the first week , roughly a forty million loss in revenue for the year . uackett I be go to kill Howard beale ! I be go to impale the son of a bitch with a sharp stick through the heart ! 150 . 123 diana and let 's not discount federal action by the justice Department . if c.c. and A. pull beale off the air as a act of retribution , that 's a flagrant violation of network autonomy and a egregious breach of the consent decree . hackett ( beginning to like he new train of think ) I will take out a contract on he . I will hire professional killer . I will do it myself . i'11 strangle he with a sashcord . . diana no , I do not think Jensen be go to fire anybody . he 's sit up there in he office surround by lawyer and senior vice president , and right about now , they have begin to realize the extraordinary impact of television . that impact can be focuss , manipulate , utilize . if Howard beale can hurt they , he can help they . the phone ring . a moment of anxious silence . hackett pick it up -- hackett ( on phone ) hackett -- yes , clarence , I have already book my flight ... well , can you give I a little more time than that ? I have get the red- eye flight , I will not be back in New York till six tomorrow morning ... that will be just fine . I will see you then -- he return the phone to its cradle , regards diana for a moment . hackett ( contd ) Mr. Jensen want to meet Howard beale personally . he want Mr. beale in he office at ten o'clock tomorrow morning -- ext : the C.C. and A. build - park ave . 150 . and 46th STREET - morning a black limousine pull to the curb in front of the i151 . 124 c.c. and A. Building , disgorge hackett , and , a moment later , howard beale , both dress in banker 's gray . as they move for the building 's entrance , hackett herding howard along , it become clear that howard be in a beatify state . his eye glisten tran - cendentally , and he smile the smile of the elevate Spirit . he suddenly pull up abruptly , raise he arm over he head , and announce at the top of he lung : howard ( imbue ) the final revelation be at hand ! I have see the shatter fulgura - tion of ultimate clarity ! the light be impending ! I bear witness to the light ! this outburst do not seem to bother most . of the people pass by except for one or two who murmur : '' hey , that 's Howard beale , be not it ? " the outburst do appall frank hackett , who stare in distress and en- treaty to some god in the heaven , and clutches at howard 's arm to get he move again . int : arthur jensen' office 151 . a enormous office with two wall of window tower over the Manhattan landscape and through which SUN - light stream in . arthur jensen be rise from behind he massive desk -- jensen . good afternoon , Mr. beale . they tell I you be a madman . camera dolly to include howard just come into the room . howard ( close the door behind himself ) only desultorily . jensen how be you now ? howard {as mad as a hatter ) I be as mad as a hatter . jensen who be not ? do not sit down . ( more ) 125 ay jensen ( contd ) I be take you to we conference room which seem more seemly a set for what I have to say to you . electronic equipment . I can sell anything . they I would they pass 152 . int : 152 . build remember perhaps\from anfearlier scene where Frank any fport . when last see , it be in pitch darkne 's i be up , and a almost gelestial light pour in through the huge window . befhy on the 43rd and 44th floor , the sky outside be opfly \poradically interrupt by the tower of otherfskyschaper . the double semi - circular bank of sat be qll empty , and the general effect be one of mushed vast utterly for i € the desk , agng the one behind which howard be sed on , cfeate a miniature milky Way effect . shaft of ef light shoot out from the rear of the : vy 9f g_ roar out : jensen you have meddle with the primal force of nature , Mr. beale , and i i ( more ) omen revise 12/31/75 126 jensen ( contd ) I will not have it , be that clear ?! you think you have merely stop a business deal -- that be not the case ! the Arabs have take . billion of dollar out of this country , and now they must put it back , it be ebb and flow , tidal gravity , it be ecological balance ! you be a old man who think in term of nation and people . there be no nation ! there be no people ! there be no Russians . there be no Arabs ! there be no third world ! there be no West ! there be only one holistic system of system , one vast and immane , interwoven , interact , multi-variate , multi - national dominion of dollar ! petro-dollars , electro-dollars , multi-dollar ! , reichmarks , ruble , rin , pound and shekel ! it be the international system of currency that determine the totality of life on this planet ! that be the natural order of thing today ! that be the atomic , subatomic and galactic structure of thing today ! and you have meddy with the primal force of nature , and you will atone ! be TI get through to you , Mr. beale ? no ore _— _ jensen you get up on you little twenty - one inch screen , qe and howl about America and democracy . there be no America . there be no democracy . there be only IBM and itt and a T and T and du Union carbide and exxon . you think the Russians talk about | in they council of state -- Karl marx ? they pull out they linear programming chart , statistical decision theory and minimax solu - tion and compute the ( more ) o 127 jensen ( contd ) price - cost probability of they transaction and investment snomevuaenmancese cei like we do . ' qummee we no longer live in a world of nation and ideology , Mr. beale , the world be a college of corporation , inexorably deter - mine by the immutable by - law of business . the world be a business , Mr. beale ! it have be since man crawle out of the slime , and we child , Mr. beale , will live to see that perfect world war and famine , oppression and brutality -- one vast and ecumenical hold company , for whom all man will work to serve a common profit , in which all man will hold a share of stock , all necessity provide , all anxiety tranquilize , all boredom amused . and I have choose you to preach this evangel , Mr. beale . howard ( humble whisper ) why I ? jensen because you be on television , dummy . sixty million people watch you every night of the week , Monday through Friday . howard slowly rise from the blackness of he seat so that he be light only by the ethereal diffusion of light shoot out from the rear of the room . he stare at jensen spot on the podium , transfix . howard I have see the face of God ! in b.g. , up on the podium , jensen consider this curious statement for a moment . jensen you just might be right , Mr. beale . 153 . vow 128 narration that evening , Howard beale go on the air to preach the corporate cosmology of Arthur Jensen . int : network news control room 153 . the crew at they various control panel . Business as usual . if anything , everybody in the control room appear a little more bored . on the show monitor , howard beale stand in he stain - glass - filter spotlight , but , rather than he old enraged self , he seem sad , resign , weary -~ howard . ( on monitor ) ( sad , resign , weary ) last night , I get up here and ask you people to stand up and fight for you heritage , and you do and it be beautiful . six million telegram be receive at the White House . the arab takeover of C.C. and A. have be stop . the people spcke , the people win . it be a radiant eruption of democracy . but I think that be it , feller . that sort of thing be not likely to happen again . because , in the bottom of all we terrify soul , we all know that democracy be a die giant , a sick , sick die , decaye political concept , writhe in its final pain . I do not mean the United States be finish as a world power . the United States be the most powerful , the richest , the most advanced country in the world , light - year ahead of any other country . and I do not mean the Communists be go to take over the world . the Communists be deader than we be . what 's finish be the idea that this great country be dedicated to the freedom and flourishing of every individual in it . it 's the individual that 's finish . it 's the single , solitary human be who 's finish . it 's every single one of you out there who 's finish . because this be no longer a nation of independent individual . this be a nation of ( more ) i ( 4 153. 154 , 155 . int , diana' apartment-thursday-june 19 — revise 12/31/75 continued 129 howard ( on monitor ) ( contd ) two hundred odd million tran - sistorize , deodorize , whiter - than - white , steel - belt body , totally unnecessary as human being and as replaceable as piston rod -- narration it be a perfectly admissable argument that Howard beale advanced in the day that follow ; it be , however , also a very tedious and depress one . by the end of the first week in June -- entrance foyer - 7:15 p.m. -- as max let himself into the apartment . max seem narration -- the Howard beale show have drop one point in the rating , and its trend of share dip under forty= eight for the first time since last November -- " 154 , depressed -- max move into the live room as diana 's voice erupt shrilly from the bedroom -- diana ( 0.s . ) -- you be he goddam agent , lew ! I be count on you to talk some sense into the lunatic ! int , diana' bedroom 155 . diana perch on she bed , shrilling into the telephone -- diana we be start to get rumble from the agency . another couple of week of this , and the sponsor will be bail out !... this be breach of contract , lew ! this be not the Howard beale we sign . you better get he off this corporate universe kick or , so help I , I will pull he off the air !... I tell he , lew ! I have be tell he every day for a week ! I be sick of tell he ! now , you tell he ! 5 155 . 156 . he sullenly . whey exchange dully sullen look . max turn back into -- revise 12/31/75 '' 130 she slam the receiver down , sit in silent rage on the bed , turn up the volume on she remote control unit . howard voice suddenly emanate from the television set across the room from she -- howard ( on tv ) -- well , the time have come to say : be dehumanization such a bad word ? because good or bad , that 's what 's so . the whole world be become humanoid , creature that look human but be not . the whole world , not just we . we be just the most advanced country , 80 we be get there first --~ diana reach for the phone again , dial briskly . she look up to note max regard she from the doorway . she regards they be both clearly in foul temper . hcward ( on tv ) -- the whole world 's people be become mass ~ produce , program , wire , insensate thing useful only to produce and consume other mass - produce thing , all of they as unnecessary and useless as we be -- max I be sorry I be late -- the live room 156 . -- where he sprawl morosely .on one of the soft chair -- 157 . 158. int . the bedroom diana perch on revise 12/31/75 131 howard ( on tv 0.s. ) -- that 's the simple truth you have to grasp , that human existance be a utterly futile and purposeless thing - - 157 . 158. she bed , crosslegge -- diana ( on phone ) Barbara ? diana -- howard ( on tv ) ~- because once you have grasp that , then the whole universe become orderly and comprehensible -- diana ( on phone ) listen , I have another howling session with Howard beale today , and he 's impenetrable . we better start shoring up the dyke -- hcward ( on tv ) -- we be right now live in what have to be call a corporate society , a corporate world , a corporate universe . this. world quite simply be a vast cosmology of small corporation orbit around larger corporation who , in turn , revolve around giant corporation -- diana ( stare at set , mutter ) Jesus Christ -- howard ( on tv ) -- and this whole , endless , ultimate cosmology be expressly design for the production and comsumption of useless thing -- 159 . revise 12/31/75 132 diana click the remote control thing , and the tv set go black . diana ( on phone ) let 's start look around for possible replacement . I hear ABC 's groom a mad prophet of they own in Chicago as we com - petition for next season . see if you can get a tape on he . maybe we can steal he . and let 's start building up the other segment on the show . sybil the soothsayer , Jim webbing . the vox populi 's seg - ment be catch on ; let 's make that a daily feature -- int . the live koom 159 . max sprawle on the soft chair . we notice that , in the back of the live room , a bridge table have be set up as a makeshift desk . it have a typewriter on it and a welter of papers and book and filing folder . diana appear in the bedroom doorway , regards max coldly -- diana you know , you could help I out with Howard if you want to . he listen to you . you be he best friend -- max ( explode off the chair I be tired of this hysteria about Howard beale ! diana ( erupting herself ) every ' time you see somebody in you family , you - come back in one of this morbid middle - age mood ! revise 12/31/75 133 max ( raging around the room ) and I be tired of find you on the goddamn phone every time I turn around ! I be tired of be a accessory in you life ! he find himself by the upstage typewriter , which he sweep crash off the bridge table , send the welter of papers there fly off in a storm -- max ( cont would ) -- and I be tired of pretend to write this dumb book about my maverick day in that great early year of television ! every execu - tive fire from a network in the last twenty year have write this dumb book about the great early day of television ! nobody want another dumb book about the great | goddamn early day of television ! diana terrific , Max , terrific . maybe you can start a whole new career as a actor . for a moment , it look as if max be go to slug she . then he deflate -- max it 's the truth . after six month of live with you , I be turn into one of you script . but this be not a script , diana . there 's some real actual life go on here . I go to visit my wife today because she 's in a state of depression , so . depressed my daughter fly in from Seattle to be with she . and I feel lousy about that . I feel lousy ( more ) a no revise 12/31/75 134 max ( cont would ) about the pain I have cause my wife and kid . I feel guilty and conscience - stricken and all that thing you think sentimental but which my generation call simple human decency . and I miss my home because I be beginning to get scared shitless . it 's all suddenly closer to the end than to the beginning , and death be suddenly a perceptible thing to I , with definable feature . you have get a man go through primal doubt , diana , and you have get to cope with it . because I be not some guy discuss male menopause on the Barbara Walters show . I be the man you presumably love . I live right here . I be part of you life . I be real . you can not switch to another channel . diana . well , what exactly be it you want I to do ? max : I just want you to love I , diana . I just want you to love I , primal doubt and all . you understand that , do not you ? for one brief moment , you could almost believe she do understand . she stare , eye -locked with max , she eye threaten to well with tear . there be certainly tear in 's eye . diana ( small voice ) I do not know how to do that . then , shatteringly , the phone o.s. in the bedroom ring ; and diana promptly turn to answer it -- 160 . revise 12/31/75 134a diana ( matter - of - factly as she exit into the bedroom ) I will be with you in a minute , Max -- he sigh , the inchoate moment of love evanesce -- narration by the first week in July , the Howard beale show be down eleven point . hysteria sweep through the network , even to that people who have only a contractual connec - tion to it -- int : diana' office - monday , JULY 7 - 2:30 p.m. 160 . laureen hobb in a shrill , wide - eye panic , raging all over diana 's office as diana 's phone ring , and diana answer it -- ( -) 161 . y 135 laureen ( in a raging panic ) -- he 's a plague ! he 's smallpox ! he 's typhoid ! I do not want to follow he goddam show ! I want out of that eight o'clock spot ! I get enough trouble without Howard beale for a lead - in . you guy have schedule I up against tony Orlando and Dawn ! NBC 's get Little House on the prairie ! ABC 's get that new mel brook show ! you get to help I out ! you get to do something about Howard beale ! get rid of the plague ! get he off the air ! do something ! do anything ! diana ( hang up and yell back ) we be try to find a replacement for he ! I be go down to look at audition tape right now ! she be already out of she office -- int : ninth floor - a screening room 161 . cc.u. of a impose mosaic figure , fully bearded and wear ankle-length black robe and thonge sandal , stand on a lonely mountain spur inveigh against the idolatry of the world . pull back to show the screen room half - fill with network and programming executive , spot around the room . diana be there and she top assistant . -- barbara schlesinger and tomy pellegrino . frank hackett be there ; nelson chaney , herb thackeray ( station Relations ) ; and joe donnelly and harry hunter . in b.g. , the ranting mosaic figure on the wall console roar out he inveigh until otherwise indicate -- diana ( suddenly stand into the shaft of light come from the projector ) no , damn it ! if we want helli - fire , we would get billy Graham ! we do not want faith -healer , tentshow evangelist or oberammargau passion - player ! whatabout that terrific new messiah ABC be suppose to have sign up as we competition ? 136 i ) pellegrino ( indicate the monitor screen ) that 's he . diana that 's he ? pellegrino yeah . diana Jesus , .turn he off . the monitor screen go blank . pellegrino I have get three more , but you have already see the best one . I have get a guru from spokane and two more hellfire who see vision of the virgin Mary . diana sink down in a chair and turn to hackett in the row immediately behind . to diana we be not go to find a replace - ment for Howard beale , so let 's stop kid ourselves . fully fledge messiah do not come in bunch . we either go with Howard or we go without he . my report say we will do better with - out he . it would be disaster to let this situation go on even another week . by then , he will be down sixteen point and the trend irreversible , if it be not already . I think we should fire Howard . hackett Arthur Jensen have take a strong personal interest in the Howard - beale show . ( sigh gloomily , address the room at large ) I be have dinner with he tonight . let I talk to Jensen and then let 's meet in my office at ten o'clock tonight . diana , give I copy of all you audience research ( more ) 162. 163. 164 . 165 . 137 hackett ( contd ) report . I may need they for Jensen . be ten o'clock convenient for everyone ? apparently it be . int : landing outside diana' apartment - 162 . 8:00 p.m. diana let herself into she apartment . / int : diana' apartment - foyer 163 . Dark , shadow . she move down to -- int : live room 164 . max have fall asleep in one of the soft chair . ' the newspaper he be read have fall to he lap . his mouth be a bit agape and he wheeze a little . in the stark lighting of the lamp behind the chair , he seem suddenly a old man . diana stand and regards he with perceptible distaste . she slip out of she jacket , cross to the bedroom . int : bedroom 165 . all the light be on . diana , freshly scrubbed and in a shower robe , be pack max 's thing . a large valise lie open on the bed , and diana be fetching max 's suit from the closet , fold they and pack they away . max appear rumple and in he shirt - sleeve in the doorway behind she . she sense he there , glance at he , continue with she pack . diana I think the time have come , Max , to re-evaluate we relationship . max so I see . diana I do not like the way this script of ours be turn out . this whole thing start out as a comedy , remember ? now , it 's turn into a seedy little drama . Middle - age man leave wife and family for young heartless woman , go to pot . the Blue angel with marlene Dietrich and emil janning . I do not like it . 138 max so you have decide to cancel the show . diana right . max listen , I will do that . he move to the bed to take over the pack . she sit in one of the bedroom chair . diana the simple fact be you be a family man , Max . you like a home and kid , and that 's beautiful . but I be incapable of any such commitment . all you will get from I be another couple of month of intermittent sex and recriminate and ugly little scene like the one we have last night . I be sorry for all that vicious thing I say to you last night . you be not the worst fuck I have ever have . . believe I , I have have worse . and you do not puff and snorkle and make death - like rattles . as a matter of fact , you be rather serene in the sack . max , who have go into the bathroom for he toilet article , come out with they , stand , regards diana . max why do woman always think the most savage thing they can say to a man be to impugn he cock - manship ? diana I be sorry I impugn you cock - manship . max I stop compare genitals back in the schoolyard . diana you be be docile as hell about this . max Hell , diana , I know it be over between we week ago . 166 . 167 . 168. 139 diana will you go back to you wife ? max I will try , but I do not think she will jump at it . but do not worry about I . I will manage . I always have , always will . I be more concerned about you . once I go , you will be back in the eye of you own desolate terror . fifty dollar stud and the nightly sleepless contemplation of suicide . you be not the boozer type , so I figure a year , maybe two before you crack up or jump out you fourteenth floor office window . diana ( stand ) . stop sell , Max . I do not need you . she exit out into -- int : the live room 166 . -- and across that to the -- int : the kitchen 167 . ~- where a kettle be steaming . she fetch a cup and saucer from the cupboard and would make some instant coffee but she be overtaken by a curious little spasm . her hand hold the cup and saucer be shaking so much she have to put they down . with visible effort , she pull herself together . she move out of the kitchen to the -- int : the live room 168 . -- where she stand in the middle of the room and shout at max through the open bedroom doorway . diana ( cry out ) I do not want you pain ! I do not want you menopausal decay and death ! I do not need you , Max . max you need I badly ! I be you last contact with human reality ! ( more ) you need I badly . I be ment jast max ( contd ) I love you , and that painful , decaye menopausal love be the only thing between you and the shriek nothingness you live the rest of the day ! contact with human cee it . 140 2 -_ — he slam the valise shut . and every thing diana then do not leave I } max it 's too late , diana ! there 's nothing leave in you that I can live with ! you be one of Howard 's humanoid , and , if I stay with you , I will be destroy . like Howard beale be destroy ! like laureen hobb be destroy ! like everything you and the qa institution of television touch be qm destroy ! you be tele - vision incarnate , diana , indifferent to suffer , insensitive to joy . all of life be reduce to the common rubble of banality . War , murder , death be all the same to you as bottle of beer . the daily business of life be a corrupt comedy . you even shatter the sensation of time and space into split - second and instant replay . you be madness , diana , virulent madness , ~~ aintieee you touch die with you . well , not I ! not while I can still feel pleasure and pain and love ! ‘ie S nie emeiy wink , he turn back to he valise and buckle it . diana find a chair , sit in it . a moment later , max come ~ out of the bedroom , lug a raincoat as well as the valise . he lug he way across the live room , then pause for a moment , reflect -~ max ( contd ) it 's a happy end , diana . wayward husband come to he sense , return to he wife with whom he have build a long and sustain love . ( more ) of nat 169 . 170 . 171 . 141 max ( contd ) heartless young woman leave alone in she arctic desolation . Music up with a swell . final commercial . and here be a few scene from next week 's show . he disappear down the foyer . we can hear the click of the front door be open and the clack of the door close . diana sit in she chair , pull the shower robe around she , alone in she arctic desolation . int : 20 th floor - ubs build - lobby , 169 . lounge , corridor - 10:15 p.m. a solemn frank hackett in blue suit walk down the long , empty , hushed corridor to the large double door of he office ( which have originally be edward ruddy 's office ) . at the door , nelson chaney be wait for he . chaney how would it go ? hackett sigh , enter -- int : secretary's office 170 . -- where herb thackeray and joe donnelly be loung . everybody follow hackett into -- int : hackett' office ( once ruddy'' office ) 171 . nighttime outside , the crepuscular grandeur of Manhattan glitter below we . wait in the office , seat here and there , be walter amundsen and diana . hackett sit behind he desk . ' the other all find place around the room . hackett mr.. Jensen be . unhappy at the idea of take Howard beale off the air . Mr. Jensen think Howard beale be bring a very important message to the american people , s0 he want Howard beale on the air . and he want he keep on . nobody have anything to say to this . hackett ( contd ) Mr. Jensen feel we be be too catastrophic in we think . I argue that television be a vola - tile industry in which success and failure be determine week by ( more ) 142 hackett ( contd ) week . Mr. Jensen say he do not like volatile industry and suggest with a certain sinister silkiness that volatility in business usually reflect bad management . he do not really care if Howard beale be the number one show in television or the fiftieth . he do not really care if the beale show lose money . the network should be stabilize so that it can carry a lose show and still maintain a overall profit . Mr. Jensen have a important message he want convey to the american people , and Howard beale be convey it . he want Howard beale on the air , and he want he keep on . I would describe he position on this as inflexible . where do that put we , diana ? diana ( take papers out of she attache case ) that put we in the shithouse , that 's where that put we . ( hold up she sheaf of papers ) . do you want I to go through this ? hackett yes . diana I have a advance tvq report here . the beale show q score , which be forty - seven in the May book , be down to thirty - three and fall . most of this loss occur in the child and teen and eighteen - thirty - four category , which be we core market . NBC nightly News , by contrast , have go up to a twenty - nine q , and , at this rate , will pass we by the end of July . every - body here know the neilsen and share - trend score . let I just capsulate we own ar demographic report which have be extensive . it be the ar department 's carefully consider judgment -- and mine -- that if we get rid of beale , we ( more ) 143 diana ( contd ) should be able to maintain a very respectable share in the high twenty , possibly thirty , with a comparable q level . the other segment on the beale show -~- sybil the soothsayer , Jim webbing , the vox populi -- have all develop they own audience . we ar report show without exception that it be Howard beale that 's the destructive force here . minimally , we be talk about a ten point differential in share . I think Joe ought to spell it out for we . Joe ? donnelly a twenty -eight share be eighty - thousand dollar minute , and I think we could sell complete position on the whole . as a matter of fact , we be just get into the pre-christmas gift -seller , and I will tell you the agency be come back to I with four dollar cpm . if that 's any indication , we be talk forty , forty - five millidn dollar loss in annual revenue . thackeray you guy want to hear all the flak I be get from the affiliate ? hackett . we know all about it , herb . amundsen and you would describe Mr. Jensen 's position on beale as inflexible ? hackett intractable and adamantine . chaney so what be we go to do about this beale son of a bitch ? a sad silence settles over the top management of ubs - tv as they lounge about the enormous room . hackett | ( sigh ) I suppose we will have to kill he . 172 . 173. 174 . 144 another long contemplative silence . hackett ( contd ) I do not suppose you have any idea on that , diana . diana well , what would you fellow say to a assassination ? -- int : the lobby - ubs build - a few day 172 . later - 6:00 p.m. , bustle and crowded . Long line of people , four abreast , roped off and wait to get into the howard beale show . uniform usher here and there , occabionally chat with the wait crowd . over this , the voice of the network meeting just inter - rupted continue : diana' voice ( contd ) -- I think I can get the mao Tse tung people to kill beale for we . as one of they program . in fact , it will make a hell of a kick - off show for the season . we be face heavy opposition from the other network on Wednesday night , and the mao Tse tung hour could use a sensational show for a opener . the whole thing would be do right on camera in the studio . we ought to get a fantastic look - in audience with the assassination of Howard beale as we open show -- int : the lobby - ubs build - elevator area 173 . ‘-- as the wait audience be herde into the elevator . over this , the voice of the meeting continue : amundsen' voice well , if beale die , what would be we continue obligation to the beale corporation ? I know we contract with beale contain a buy - out clause trigger by he death or incapacity -- int : ubs build - FOURTH floor 174 , -- as the elevator load of audience be lead out of the elevator and down the long , carpete corridor , past the large wall photograph of tv star , glass - enclose 175 . 176 ( revise 12/31/75 145 control room , and other showpiece of the network 's electronic glory . over this , the voice continue : hackett' voice there must be a formula for the computation of the purchase price . amundsen' voice offhand , I think it be base on a multiple of 1975 earning with the base period in 1975 . I think it be fifty percent 's of salary plus twenty - five percent of the first year 's profit -- int : hackett' office 175 the meeting be still go on -- amundsen ( contd ) ( continue above speech ) -- multiply by the unexpire portion of the contract . I do not think the show have any substantial syndication value , would you say , diana ? diana syndication profit be minimal . int : the beale show studio and audience area 176 the new load of audience find seat in the rapidly - fill auditorium . on the floor of the studio , the crew be set the camera , check the boom . the stage curtain be down . over this , the voice of the meeting continue : chaney' voice we be talk about a capital crime here , so the network can not be implicate ... a ) as ) 177 . 178 . D 179 . 3 3 180 . 146 | amundsen' voice ( chuckle ) I hope you do not have any hide tape machine in this office , prank -- int : the beale show studio - showtime 177 . the warmup be over ; the stage footlight be on ; the audience sit expectantly . the big wall clock show : 6:29 , click to 6:30 . on the studio stage , the announcer stride out from the wing , bellow happily at the audience -- announcer lady and gentleman , let 's hear it -- how do you feel ? reverse shot of the audience . suddenly spot 178 . the great ahmed khan and some of he follower , right in the middle , happily join all the other in they communal response : audience and the khan we be mad as hell , and we be not go to take this any more} ! announcer lady and gentleman ! the Network News hour ! with sybil the sooth - sayer , Jim webbing and he it 's - the - emme - Truth Department , miss mata hari , tonight another segment of vox populi , and star -- music : -a flourish of drum announcer ( contd ) -- the mad prophet of the airway , Howard beale ! music : a full symphony orchestra soar into a imperial crescendo << ~- as the houselight go to black . the curtain 179 . slowly rise . the bare stage , the stain glass window , the celestial shaft of light . howard beale , in he black suit and tie , stride on from the wing , stand bask in the spotlight . applause up . int : hackett' office 180 . the meeting be still go on . 181. 182. 147 hackett well , theissue be : shall we kill Howard beale or not . I would like to hear some more opinion on that -- diana I do not see we have any option , Frank , let 's kill the son of a bitch . int : the beale studio 18i. the applause for howard beale have die . hush -- suddenly , the hush be shattered by a horrendous enfilade of gunfire . a embroidery of red bullet hole perforate howard 's shirt and jacket , and we might even see the impact of a head wound as he pitch backwards dead . . a bank of four color television monitor 182 . it be 7:14 p.m. , wednesday , July 9 , 1975 , and we be watch the network news program on CBS , NBC , ABC and ubs - tv . the audio be on : headshot of walter cronkite , JOHN chancellor , howard K. smith , harry reasoner , and jack snowden , substitute for howard beale , intersperse with tape of the horrible happen at ubs the day before , flit and flicker across the four television screen . Television continue relentlessly on . narrator ( over ) this be the story of Howard beale who be . the network news anchorman on ubs - tv , the first know instance of a man be kill because he have lousy rating . the end