never be kissed by Jenny bick < !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> never be kissed revise draft by Jenny bick base on the original screenplay by Abby kohn & Marc siliverstein shoot script revision draft 6/26/98 fade in : close up on a girl face it 's josie geller , 25 , cute , blonde and scared out of she wit . we hear the chant of a crowd . crowd josie ! josie ! josie ! josie ( v.o. ) you know in some movie how they have a dream sequence only they do not tell you it 's a dream ? pull out to reveal josie on pitcher 's mound of a -- ext . a baseball stadium -- night it 's pack . Reporters line the field . all eye be on josie . josie ( v.o. ) this be so not a dream . the stadium clock set at 5:00 . the crowd go crazy . josie take a deep , nervous breath and smile , " oh God . " int . electronics store -- continuous multiple image of josie play across row of tv set . a crowd have gather . josie ( v.o. ) it be not suppose to be like this . I be just try to do my job . and then thing happen . well , life happen . and now I be here . ext . baseball stadium -- continuous the clock start to tick down . the crowd yell again . josie ( v.o. ) trust I . I be not the kind of girl who do thing like this . I mean , two month ago you could not have pick I out of a crowd ... int . chicago SUN time bullpen -- day pack with office worker . bustle with activity . the camera search the crowd . josie ( v.o. ) told you . I be over there . the camera swing to josie enter . rhoda , a young copy assistant , tail she , pen and paper in hand . rhoda theater -- josie Standard american call for " er " . Standard british be " be " . so go for " er " , unless you be a pompous american , then go for british . josie keep negotiate the maze , leave rhoda in she wake . rhoda no. theater . last night . we be suppose to go , remember ? josie stop at a desk where merkin burn , officious office assistant , be talk on the phone . he pick he nose with abandon as he talk , ignore josie . merkin ( into phone ) no way . no way . no way . ech , hold on . ( to josie ) what . josie message ? merkin remove he finger from he nose and use it to pick up a pink message . he hold it out to josie . disgust , she take it by one corner . merkin ( into phone ) seriously ? no way . no way -- josie 's still stand there . merkin what ? josie merkin , do you think we could get some more yellow highlighter ? I check the box and we be -- merkin swivel he chair 180 degree so he back be to josie and continue with he phone call . merkin ( back into phone ) okay , I be back , so -- josie sigh , walk to she door . it 's mark with a lopsided nameplate : josie geller , copy editor . she adjust the plate so it 's perfectly straight . int . josie' office -- continuous josie enter , read the messsage still gingerly hold in two finger , and drop it into the trash can . she hang she coat squarely on the back of she door , take five pencil from she pencil pot , one by one sharpen they in she pencil sharpener , and then lay they out neatly in a row . she smile , satisfied , ready for another day . anita brandt , late 20' , pretty in a semi-unprofessional way , burst in , smile . anita guess who I do it with last night ... josie ( duh ) Roger in op / Ed . anita who tell ! josie you do . yesterday you say , and I quote , " I have a date with Roger from op / Ed tonight and I be go to do it with he . " anita well , that do not mean it be go to happen for sure . josie just stare at she . anita once it do not happen for sure . Gus strauss , late 30' , would probably clean up well , enter . he toss some copy onto josie 's desk . gus Computer 's down . septuplet story . I need it back by five . hopefully the copy 's not a mess . josie ( emphasize ) it be hope that it 's not a mess . " hopefully " be a adverb . it mean " with hope " . you have it define the copy , and I be pretty sure the copy do not have feeling . Gus and anita just stare at josie . josie well , excuse I for caring about word . gus ( to anita ) so. you and Roger in op / Ed . anita oh , man ! who tell ? gus Roger in op / Ed . do not make I send you another memo about my policy on inter-office dating . josie intra office . and they be not dating . they be have sex . anita and what be you policy ? that if you be not get any , no one can ? anita flounce off . gus how many time have I fire she ? josie five -- six -- gus ( shrugging , give up ) eh. Gus turn to exit . josie hey Gus -- do you see the story idea I leave on you desk ? gus yeah -- the blind foster home mother . it be good . I get cahoon on it . josie ( disappointed ) oh. cahoon . yeah , he 's -- good . gus geller , we have be over this . you be a great copy editor . maybe my best copy editor . you be not a reporter . josie you have do five of my idea . gus you know what separate we office flunky from the reporter ? josie they do not have to be in the office Christmas show ? gus a flack jacket . josie ( not get it ) a-- flack jacket . gus every Tom , Dick , and Harry think he can write . but a journalist get in there , right where the bomb be . he 's aggressive . grab the bull by the ball . josie you do not think I can grab bull ' ball ? gus geller , you do not want a reporter 's life . they be very -- messy . you be all about order . Control . and get I my copy by five . josie hey -- I can be out of control . Gus smile . on he way out he re-adjust josie 's nameplate so it hang at a angle . tormented , josie wait a beat . she can not take it , and run to the door and straighten it . gus ( over he shoulder ) copy by five . int . SUN time lunchroom -- day actually , a pretty depress kitchenette area . anita and josie eat lunch -- anita eat chinese out of a container , josie have three baggy of perfectly cut food in front of she . josie be honest . do you think I be aggressive ? anita ponder a moment . anita okay . remember when they take you office chair in for repair and forget to return it ? josie yeah . anita you stand for like a month . Cynthia , a affable African - american woman in she 40' , enter and put three microwave meal in the microwave . josie just because I be not out of control do not mean I can not write . cynthia josie , you listen to I . if you feel you be a writer -- ( touch she chest ) here , deep inside , do not let anyone tell you you be not . look at I . every day I come to this paper and I pour my heart and soul into what I do . I feel it , passionately , to the core of my be . josie you write obituary . cynthia hey , if you can make a bust aorta sound good -- honey , that 's art . the microwave ding off . Cynthia fish the three lean cuisine out . anita and josie share a look . anita Cynthia , be not they only diatetic if you eat they one at a time ? cynthia I eat them one at a time . anita ( to josie ) y'know , maybe Gus have a point . it would not kill you to relax and have some fun . Roger 's get a friend , Marshall in editing ? the one with the lazy eye ? maybe we could double date . josie forget it . anita I swear to God , jos . when be the last time you go on a real live date ? josie I be concentrate on my career right now . anita do you own any color underwear ? stripe ? anything ?! josie ( embarrassed ) anita ! anita look . you be way under 30 , you be cute , some guy find white Carter 's underwear sexy '' ( beat ) if you talk to he nose , you do not even notice the eye . josie laugh in spite of herself . josie the right guy be out there . I be just not go to kiss a whole bunch of loser to get to he . anita yeah , but sometimes kissing the loser can be a fun diversion . josie when I finally get kiss , I will know . anita and Cynthia trade look . anita okay . if you have never kiss a guy , we get bigger problem than the underwear . josie I have kiss guy . I have just never kiss a guy . felt that thing -- cynthia " that thing " ? be that what you kid be call it this day ? josie that thing . that moment . you kiss someone and it 's like the world around you get all hazy and the only thing in focus be you and this other person and you know that one person be the person you be mean to be kissing for the rest of you life . and for that one moment you have be give this amazing gift and you want to laugh and cry at the same time because you be so lucky you find it , and so scared that it will all go away . anita and Cynthia take this in . cynthia damn , girl . you be a writer . int . tiki post -- day basically a mailbox etc. store , but dress in a tahitian theme . cardboard hula dancer hold fedex envelope . rob geller , 23 , good-look , wear a smock with " tiki Post " emblazon across it over a Hawaiian shirt . he stand watch at the cash register . monty maylik , 50 , proud owner , rearrange a display . the place be empty . rob hey monty -- you think we will get any business today ? monty ( of course ) I be hand out a free lei to every customer ! what do you think ? rob I think maybe people be scared off by the tiki torch . monty Change be scary . Robbie , let I tell you a little something about the mail business . I have be in it over thirty year . and in that thirty year , the only thing that 's change be the elvis stamp and some gun law . people be bored ! they wanna shake thing up ! rob I think people just want they mail deliver on time . josie walk into the store , trigger Hawaiian music . monty put a lei over she head . monty aloha ! welcome ! rob relax , monty . it 's just my sister . monty take the lei off she neck . josie hand Rob a envelope . Rob rifle through the cash inside . rob thanks , jos . I will pay you back . bambi thanks you , too . Rob indicate a beat - up wreck of a yellow car park outside . josie that be so -- weird that you name you car . rob no it 's not . guy name they penise . josie okaaaay .... ( then ) that car 's go to bankrupt you . rob she just need a new windshield wiper . josie because I buy the windshield last week . I be a hubcap away from own more of bambi than you do . Rob hand the money back . rob y'know what ? take it . I do not want it . josie hand it back . josie Rob , take the money , okay ? it 's no big deal . rob no , it be . it 's just one more thing to add to you " thing that make you a better person than I " list . josie better person than I . rob see ! josie I know this woman . she work in admission at lakeshore Community ? she might be able to get you in for the fall semester . maybe she could get you the baseball scholarship , and I could help and -- rob I be not go to college , jos . and I be not play anymore baseball . this be my life . josie ( whisper ) this -- this be a luau that sell pack material ! rob someday this luau be go to be all mine ! josie how can you just give up like that ? you have a real shot at play college ball and you let one case of mono stop everything . do not you want more ? to move out of Mom and dad 's ? pay you own bill ? rob oh yay ! and then I could be as happy as you ! josie for you information , I be very happy . deliriously happy . I lead a very happy life ! she exit . the music start up again . monty come again ! int . josie' apartment -- night we pan around the neatest and quietest walk - up you have ever see . lot of book on shelf . we find josie sit at she small table put the finish touch on a needlepoint pillow . she turn it over and we see it say : " love " . she hold up the final product to a terrarium , lookup up at she two turtles . josie there . what d' you think , guy ? where should it go ? josie look around the live room . josie hmm . ( she pretend to listen to the turtles . ) what 's that ? bedroom ? great idea ! she walk into the bedroom with the pillow . int . josie' bedroom -- continuous a perfectly arrange Laura Ashley bedroom . we pan over to the bed . it be completely cover in needlepoint pillow . josie place the latest one on top of the other and smile . josie perfect . int . a conference room - same it 's pack with the newspaper staff . hyram rigfort , 65 , white -haire , dignify owner of the paper preside . anita and josie sit next to each other . next to anita sit Roger from op / Ed , a good-look guy in he 30' . rigfort let I start out by say that I be very impressed by the investigative piece dutton do on pesticide in we supermarket . a older man , dutton , smile proudly . rigfort but since the trib do a better piece on the same subject , you be fire . dutton 's face fall . everyone look horrify . rigfort you hear I . out. out . dutton shuffles out . josie take a big bite of donut . rigfort so. happy March everybody ! all ( by rote ) happy March Mr. rigfort . rigfort to celebrate , I have decide it 's time for another undercover feature ! everyone look underwhelm . rigfort you all know that some of my best inspiration come from personal experience . who know that my botch foray into hair plug would lead to last month 's award - win expose -- " hair today , go tomorrow " ? hat 's off to you , brun . we pan over to brun , a reporter whose hair be miss in odd - look clump . he nod sadly . rigfort or should I say " hat 's on " ! and what about when my wife have that affair with gil , she ski instructor and Howard go undercover as a expert slalom skier . Howard smile wanly . both he arm be in cast . camera pan the room as rigfort continue , pick out different reporter . rigfort so last night I be sit around the dinner table with my family . the wife , the two nanny , the boy , and we be eat chicken with this peanut sauce . camera stop at a chef boyardee look -alike . gus undercover chef . I like it . rigfort hang on , Gus . so , we be eat this peanut sauce and suddenly the young kid start choke . camera stop at a nurse ratchet look -alike . anita ( sotto to josie ) I be smell undercover er nurse . rigfort turn out he 's allergic to peanut . and I think -- holy shit . I do not even know my own kid . I mean , who know if they be even mine ? and it get I think . how much do we know about kid today ? what be they think ? how many of they be allergic to peanut ? boom . it hit I -- " my semester in High School . " camera stop at a bald guy , the jerk over one seat to josie . rigfort ( to josie ) you . what 's you name ? josie josie . josie geller . rigfort you enroll on Friday . General crowd hubub . josie 's in shock . josie oh. but -- I be not a reporter yet ... rigfort and none of this geezer could pass for a day under 40 . have fun . and rigfort exit . int . josie' office - minute later josie be so excited she can hardly speak to anita . josie it 's finally happen , anita ! I be go to write ! anita look concerned . josie my own undercover feature - " written by josie geller " . anita jos - maybe you should turn it down . a beat . josie 's face fall . josie you do not think I can do it . anita no - it 's just a lot of pressure for you first piece , that 's all . I mean , it 's not a half - page article , it 's a major undercover piece , jos. look what rigfort do to dutton - and that guy 's he cousin ! Gus enter . gus do not worry , I will straighten all this out . josie but I do not want it straighten out . gus geller , this be way out of you league . josie take in anita and Gus . josie okay , just so I be clear here -- neither of you think I can do this . anita jos , that 's not what we be -- josie anita , when you want to seduce the guy in the mailroom and you do not think you could learn Spanish fast enough , who quizzed you on you verb ? anita look down , chasten . anita senorita josie . josie and Gus - when you pick up knitting , who show you how to hold the needle ? gus ( sotto ) you did . anita ( to Gus ) you knit ? josie so , this be my chance . a beat . gus I be not hold you job for you , geller . josie jump up and down and hug Gus , who be clearly uncomfortable . gus do not make I send you the memo on hugging in the workplace . josie smile . Gus exit . anita I do believe in you , jos . anything you need , I will help you out . josie sit , motion to the brown paper bag . josie you can start by hand I that bag . anita do . josie stick it over she face , flip she head between she knee and start hyperventilate again . close up on Rob , wear he tiki Post outfit . he shake he head . rob no . uh , uh . pull out to reveal he stand with josie on the sidewalk in front of - ext . tiki post - day josie 's shiny buick be park right behind bambi at the curb . josie it 's just for a couple of month . rob you can not just " borrow " my car for a couple of month ! that 's like ten year in bambi life ! josie I will give you my buick Le sabre . Rob roll he eye and enter the store . josie you can name it whatever you want . int . tiki post - continuous josie follow Rob into the store . he turn . rob wow . this must be big . josie I get a assignment from the paper . I be go undercover . back to high school . Rob start laugh uncontrollably . josie what !? rob do you remember high school ? josie it be a long time ago - rob do not you remember what they call you ? slowly josie 's face fall . she look very far away . rob josie - int . a high school cafeteria - day ( flashback ) it 's pack with kid . everyone stare off -screen at chant - all josie grossie . josie grossie . josie grossie . int . tiki post - same josie look stricken . josie josie grossie . rob I know . I come up with it . ( beat ) you look nauseous . josie nauseated . I look nauseate . oh god. she put she hand over she mouth , race for the bathroom . int . tiki post bathroom - minute later josie have just get violently ill . she rise off she knee , grab some toilet paper to wipe she mouth . she look down at she foot . int . high school corridor - day ( flashback ) we close up on brown leather oxford and widen to reveal teenage josie brace , heavy glass , in all she nerdom , slowly walk down the corridor with a huge backpack on she back . a boy sneak up behind she , hold open the top of she backpack while another boy pour a half drunk sprite into she backback . kid smile and snicker as josie continue down the hallway . she spot , billy prince , ultmate high school heartthrob , and approach he nervously . josie hey , billy Prince , I notice you be not in math today , and I have the note in case you want - midway through josie 's speech , we hear the odd sound of liquid hit linoleum . josie follow billy 's gaze down to between she foot where a pool of sprite have gather . billy start to laugh . kid around he join in . as the laughter echoe around she we dissolve back to : int . tiki post bathroom - same ( present day ) josie stare into the mirror . stare back be teenage josie . josie this be a very bad idea . int . the mall - teen clothing store - day anita and josie cruise through a teen clothing store , carry large bag from a stationery store . josie pick up a platform sneaker and just stare at it . anita so , you be a geek . Big deal . josie anita , remember espadrille ? anita please . that do not make you a nerd . everyone wear that shoe . josie the girl throw they at I in the locker room . anita okay . that 's bad . josie at the end of the yeat the person who get the most direct he to my head get to toss I into the pool . anita mama mia . ( then ) just because you be a nerd once do not mean it 's go to happen again . that 's why you have I for fashion consultation . anita pull a slip skirt off a rack and hold it up . anita now this be cute . josie that be lingerie . anita so I be think about what you be say - y'know , about really be kiss ? I think Roger could be the one . josie what would you feel when you kiss he ? anita bridgework ? josie very romantic . josie pull out a plain button - down cardigan . josie how about this ? anita I be not let you out of the house in that , young lady . anita grab a awful white maribou jacket and match earring and hold they up . anita cuuuute ! josie ' nita , this be about report , not accessorize . anita and we be go to have to do something about you hair . josie anita ! anita jos , please try and have some fun here , okay ? how many of we get to go back to high school ? you be gonna have a blast ! smash CUT to : close up - a alarm clock on a bedside table . surrounded by make - up , box of hair color , a stack of index card , rip magazine page of teen look , issue of Teen beat and ym . the clock slip to 7:00 . NPR start play . a hand reach over , hit the radio off . SOUND effect : a school bell . as the bell continue to ring , we widen to : int . josie' bedroom - morning josie sit up in bed , cover pull up to she chin in terror . ext . a chicago STREET - morning music up : " Morning train " . crowd of commuter stream down the sidewalk and onto the stair lead up to the el. a big yellow car jerk into frame , backfire noisily . it 's josie at the wheel of bambi . she jerk out of frame . ext . south glen south high schoool - morning a suburban campus anchore by a main building . Cars pull into the parking lot for the beginning of the day . kid greet each other , converge on the front door of the school . General mayhem . bambi pull in . she jerk into a spot , backfire once more for effect . the entire scene stop . kid freeze , look at josie . a beat , and they they continue on they way . int . bambi - continuous josie take a few deep breath . josie okay , I can do this . piece of cake . I can do this . ext . parking lot - continuous josie step out of the car wear the maribou jacket , earring , and white jeans . she shut the door behing she , start walk . she have unknowingly shut she jacket in the door and as she walk , a piece of maribou rip , trail behind she like a tail . josie yeah , okay . feeling good ... int . school lobby - same josie merge with the throng of kid and be literally push into the lobby . she stare around , overwhelm . " go Rams ! " banner share space with sign that read : " 63 day til prom ! " she inch she way along the wall until she be stop by a guard who grab she arm . guard hey -- where be you go ? josie oh , I be a student . most definitely a student . in high school . here . I be go to class . with my fellow student . ( greeting random kid ) hi. hi there . the guard stare at she a beat and then motion behind they , to three huge metal detector that the kid be filter through . josie smile , " whoops , " walk back . guard ( under he breath ) freak . int . school lobby - minute later josie 's stuff lay out on the post - detector table - cell phone , laptop , mini tape recorder , electronic organizer , pager , be scrutinize by the guard . josie 's sure she 's be find out . camera widen . down from josie , we see other kid ' belonging spread out . they have the identical high - tech equipment . the guard pick up josie 's nail file , examine it - guard weapon . and throw it in the trash . int . high school hallway - morning josie stare at she class card and eye the classroom , totally lose . she approach a boy in a flannel shirt and loose jeans . josie hi-- um , I be look for room 204 , Ms. knox ? as soon as the boy start to talk , we notice something in he mouth - a tongue pierce . josie do too . we zoom in on that shiny little metal ball . josie be fixate . so fixate that we stop hearing the boy 's voice . all we see be the mouth - and that ball - move . the mouth close . he 's do . josie 's face be contort in imagine pain . josie ow . ( catch herself ) I mean , wow . wow. great direction . clear . concise . and josie take off , totally embarrassed . boy ( under he breath ) freak . int . high school hallway - morning josie walk up to room 204 . open the door , she 's meet by a sea of face . ms. knox , mid-forty , distract but bubbly , sit in the front of the class . ms. knox hi - hello . Wilkommen . entre . josie walk in . kid whisper and snicker . josie sorry I be late . ms. knox yes , well , I be sorry I forget to take my hot flash medication this morning . josie , right ? please sit . mi casa es su casa . josie make she way to the desk , trail maribou . the class titter . she sit in front of two girl , kirsten and kristen , beautiful and intimidating . kirsten that be so sad -- kristen I know , like five chicken have to die just so she could look that stupid . ms. knox josie , in my classroom , tardiness be unacceptable -- josie I be really sorry -- Ms. knox pull a ridiculously huge sombrero out from under she desk . the class laugh in recognition . ms. knox not as sorry as I be . Ms. knox put the sombrero on a less - than -thrill josie . ms. knox ole ! ten minute in this hat , you will never be late again . so , let 's hear something about you . stand up . stand up . josie do . the sombrero drop over she eye . she adjust it so she can read she notecard . close up on the notecard -- it 's fill with precise script under a head : my past . she scan it , then flip the card face - down on the desk . confidently she begin -- josie my name be josie . I be a high school student . I come from -- just then the classroom door open . we see from josie 's perspective a blind light , josie squint . from the light emerge a shadowy vision of billy Prince . josie billy ? josie blink , reveal not billy , but a beautiful guy , guy . he stand very close to she . josie ( catch herself ) bali . ( another beat ) I be from billy - Bali . it 's a suburb of Bali proper . guy push past she , toss a wooden hall pass to Ms. knox , and move to he seat . ms. knox Bali . fascinating ! what do you family do there ? josie look around in panic , see a student in a South Glen South windbreaker with huge ram on the back . josie we be -- sheep -- farmer . we raise sheep . in billy -bali . josie realize the trouble she 's get herself into . josie oh my God . ( catch ) oh my God -- do I miss billy -bali . ( beat ) it have -- a really great ... aquarium . she sit . defeat . int . high school hallway - later josie rush down the hall , still tote she enormous bag . a huge banner - south glen , our nation be best prom - hang prominently . she talk covertly into a hand -held tape recorder . josie note to self -- Research Bali . kill anita for pick out this outfit . find and destroy sombrero . int . classroom - same josie and she enormous bookbag enter . she take a seat toward the back of the room . Kristen , kirsten and gibby , another beauty , enter and head to the back of the room . kirsten and gibby stand over josie , stare at she . kirsten we sit here . josie oh. sorry -- I do not know this be assign . gibby they be not . josie quickly gather she thing and move one row forward , next to two empty seat . two stoner shuffle over to josie . stoner 1 sorry . we sit here . josie ( indicate two empty seat ) could not you two -- sit there ? stoner 2 right . except there be three of we -- the stoner eye each other , then the two seat . a look of horror come over stoner 1 . stoner 1 dude -- we leave jed at the 7- 11 ! ( beat ) again ! josie pick up she stuff , move to the last empty seat in the room - in the front row , surround by " " who all wear orange denominator sweatshirt . sitting next to josie be aldy , a denominator - - intense , wise , with a whole bunch of math medal on she sweatshirt . she smile at josie . josie smile back and look up as mr. coulson enter the room . he 's a ruggedly handsome twenty - something Yale grad . he grab a notebook out of he bag , go around to sit on the front of he desk , sip coffee from a styrofoam cup . SAM hi , everyone . ( spot josie ) I don t think we have meet . I be Sam coulson - although for some reason the school have this thing about not let you guy call I Sam . josie ( shyly ) I be josie . geller . I think the school would probably be pretty comfortable with you call , I that . josie . Sam smile . SAM josie since you be new -- I love to drink my coffee during class , and since I allow myself to do this , I allow everyone to bring beverage to class as well . ( a beat ) welcome to Shakespeare 's " as you like it . " ( beat ) okay . how many of you actually read the assignment last night ? about five hand go up . SAM not bad . now how many of you spend more than thirty minute eat salty snack food ? twenty hand . Sam laugh . SAM man . if I could just get you guy to read while you eat . Sam open he book . aldy notice josie have no book . she move next to she . aldy here . we can share . they share a smile . SAM ' as you like it " be a example of a shakespearean -- Sam turn to the blackboard and start write . we cu on he butt , hardly discernable in he loose 501 jeans , all the girl swoon . SAM pastoral Comedy . anyone know what that mean ? a enthusiastic , if slightly dim girl , sera , wave she hand . sera oh oh oh ! that 's what they do to milk ! SAM that 's pasteurize , Sera . but close . same letter -- ( tapping three finger on he arm a la charade ) -- three syllable -- sera parakeet ?! aldy : ( sotto to josie ) there 's a minute of my life I will never get back . josie smile at this . SAM okay , anyone else --- josie can not contain herself . josie pastoral mean set in the country . originally see in the eclogues of Virgil . it 's from the Latin pascere . to graze . Student bleet like a sheep o.s. Sam just stare at she , smile . finally , he walk over and shake she hand . SAM do I mention to the class that I love we new student ? josie beam . gibby do I mention that the class also love we new kiss ass ? josie 's smile quickly fade . SAM gibby , that 's not exactly the kind of participation I be look for . gibby look right at josie . gibby ( totally insincere ) ooops . sorry . josie just sit there , face burn . int . high school hallway - later josie approach she locker . she can not get to it because a couple be busy make out against it . a girl voice come over the loudspeaker . she 's completely ignore . girl voice hi. this be Sydney , Student body President ! okay , first . bad news - the ' district do not allocate enough fund , so as of this afternoon , there will be no music department . now , about prom -- the entire hallway freeze . the couple break they clinch and look up . silence . josie be amaze . sydneyus voice vote on prom theme have be complete . and the theme be -- cu on expectant face . sydneyus voice the millennium ! pandemonium . kid cheer , gasp . one girl faint . the crowd surge again . josie , catch in the flow , do not notice a locker door fling open . she smashes she face right into it . everyone , include guy , turn and laugh . even some denominator . CUT to : cu : a cafeteria tray move down the food line . it 's pile with unidentifiable food and three glass of fluorescent red punch . hand pull the tray out of the frame . into frame come another tray , this one bear a perfectly arrange place set with three celery stick on a plate . widen to reveal : int . cafeteria - day josie , pull the perfect tray down the cafeteria line . she reach some awful- look Cole slaw in a big vat . a cafeteria guy in a plastic cap hover above it . josie ( to cafeteria guy ) Excuse I . what 's in the Cole slaw ? the cafeteria guy haul a industrial - size plastic tub onto the , counter and turn it - so josie can read the label : " kole slaw food . " josie wrinkle she nose . she move on to the cash register . cashier that will be twelve ninety - five . josie ( stunne ) oh my gosh . wow . that 's ... pricey . cashier that 's real meat in the ham sandwich . josie turn to a girl in line behind she . josie Boy -- that 's a lot of bread for that bread ! the girl roll she eye , reach past josie to grab a mustard bottle . josie turn with she tray toward the room . CUT to : int . cafeteria - day ( flashback ) 4 kide stare at camera and chant : all josie grossie -- josie grossie --josie grossie . angle back on josie . she 's seventeen . stand with she tray , paralyze . the camera spin , show we she back . there , tattooe in squeeze - bottle mustard , be " grossie . " a boy stand behind she victoriously hold the mustard bottle . CUT back to : int . cafeteria - same ( present day ) josie shake off the vision and stare out at the crowded cafeteria . she see kirsten , Kristen and gibby , steel herself , and decide to approach . kirsten be eat a bran muffin . kristen kirsten , that bran muffin have like 75 fat gram . kirsten Nah uh . gibby yeah , I read this thing that one bran muffin can be like two bran muffins sometimes . kirsten push the muffin away . kirsten God . food be so confusing . josie ( to kirsten ) hi Kristen . kirsten it 's kirsten . josie plop herself down with this girl , and take a spiral pad out of she big knapsack . in the process , she manage to spill she chocolate milk all over she white jeans . josie that will teach I to wear white after Labor Day . gibby umm - I do not think you be suppose to wear white jeans after 1983 . they all laugh . josie fake a laugh , too . josie right , right . josie pick up she notepad and she pen . josie so - tell I about yourselves . they all just stare at josie in disgust . guy approach they table . guy I be guy . guy look at josie . he 's beautiful . she 's flustered . josie yes you be . a guy . guy. quite a guy . oh my . look at that -- I rhyme . ( beat ) yikes . ( beat ) bike ! guy ( very serious ) be you in special ed ? josie stand up , grab she bag and she chocolate milk - josie bye. guy. other . she leave the cafeteria , pass a-couple of denominator . josie ( to herself ) aaaah ! how old be I ? denominator # 1 approximately six thousand three hundred and fifty day old - subject to adjustment for month of birth . this be very funny denominator humor - to the denominator . josie leave the cafeteria . ext . school ground - continuous josie run out a exit door and right into a security guard guard you get a pass ? int . gym - later a banner above read " presidential FITNESS testing this week . " fifteen senior girl , include josie , in match green and yellow polyester gym clothes do sprint up and - down the basketball court . josie look like she 's about to die . Ms. Brown yell as she pass . ms. brown move it geller ! move it ! move it ! josie stop , grab the woman by the shoulder . josie must --have --water -- ms. brown what do I look like , you waitress ? now you be gonna complete this sprint , cause if you do not you fail . and if you fail gym , you be never getting into college ! josie oh --my -- God -- you guy arestill tell that lie --? ms. brown that 's it geller -- drop and give I twenty ! josie drop to the gym floor . int . high school hallway - later it 's - finally - the end of the day . josie make she way down the hall , clutching she pad of paper , get push and shove by kid as they storm outside . a huge banner hang overhead read : " sign up for senior night ! " she try to smile at some kid , but they all ignore she . she make it to the main entrance to the school , where we see , as she shove she pad of paper into she bag , it be completely blank . ext . parking lot - same kid fill the parking lot . josie walk , talk on she cell phone . josie ( into phone ) rhoda , make sure Gus get - the whole message , okay ? yeah -- bye -- josie arrive where she park bambi . the space be empty . she still hold the phone to she ear -- josie wait a second -- ( into phone ) no , not you -- bye -- josie shut the phone , look around ... retrace she step ... bambi be go . josie walk around the lot , get visibly upset . in the corner of the lot , we see a group of denominator remove a big metal chain from around a group of tightly pack car . aldy ( o.s. ) they do it to all the new kid . josie find aldy stand next to she . josie who 's of they ? aldy motion up to a second floor window . guy and he Group look down on they , laugh . aldy guy Perkins and he amazing lemming . they push you car out of its space , hide it , then watch while you look for it . we have take to chain ours together for safety . I be aldy . josie I be josie . aldy be a interesting name . aldy when it 's not yours . my mom be go through she harlequin romance phase . josie try be name after a guitar - play pussycat . aldy do not get it . josie never mind . ( beat ) that be so awful that they hide you car . aldy guess . although , what be truly awful be that with the combine intellectual effort of every kid in that room right now - she point up to the biology room - aldy they still would not know the difference between a synecdoche and a hyperbole . josie laugh . josie I know . it 's pathetic . aldy stare josie down . josie what ? aldy well , do you ? josie synecdoche use a part to represent a whole - as in " head of cattle " , whereas a hyperbole be simple exaggeration like " I could eat a horse . " aldy Nice . they stop and look around . josie how long will they watch we for ? aldy until guy tell they to go . once they watch I for like two hour . I find my car the next day in the t.j. maxx parking lot . josie why do they listen to guy ? aldy : ( duh ) because he 's guy Perkins . ( then ) listen , you want to walk to na - na 's and get something to eat ? josie yeah . let 's do that . they start to walk out of the parking lot . josie be visibly thrilled - have finally find a friend . int . na - na's - later josie and aldy share a huge plate of chili fries . aldy yeah - be not it amazing that that guy be we same age ? I mean , they just seem so much young , you know . josie oh I know . a waiter deliver two huge chocolate shake . aldy I be go to be so happy to get to college . I hear at Northwestern they do not make fun of you for know the element table . josie hey -- I go to Northwestern ! ( a beat ) once . to use the bathroom . out the window , josie see she buick with Rob at the wheel stop at a red light . detaile on to the side in big white script be : " the tiki post " . josie 's eye widen . the light change . Rob pull away . josie ( so angry ) oh. my. god. ( a beat ) you will really like Northwestern . they both slurp down they shake . josie so what be you hope , you dream , what do you want to be ? aldy Professor of medieval literature . novelist . weekend flautist . aldy take another slurp of she shake . we hear a muffle cell phone ringing . aldy I think you knapsack be ringing . josie take the cell phone out of she knapsack and answer it . josie hello ? we intercut with : int . gus' office - same Gus speak into he phone , knitting frantically . gus geller , I get you message . what the hell kind of story be you pitching ?! josie smile awkwardly at aldy , cover the phone . josie it 's my dad . he worry . ( into phone ) hi , dad . I miss you too . gus you be a sick puppy , geller . josie indicate to aldy she will be right back and walk to the back of the restaurant by the pay phone . josie ( into the phone ) it 's a expose on cafeteria food . gus and you be lead with the terrible truth about cole slaw ?! josie well , the bulk of it will be about the pimento loaf -- gus geller ... you wanna be a reporter ? take a look at what sell ! sex scandal . bribery . people jump off building . so unless a kid just kill himself because he be be pay to have sex with the school mascot in a big vat of this cole slaw , you get nothing ! Gus slam down he phone . josie ( into a dead phone ) you do not taste the pimento loaf . she look back to the table where aldy be divide the check . ext . track - high school - dusk in the middle of the track be josie 's car . the marching band clumsily practice they formation around it . josie and aldy arrive at the car and aldy pop the hood . aldy they love to disconnect the battery , too . she look under the hood , reconnect the battery . slam the hood down . aldy just so you know , I think they recall this car in 1974 . josie thanks . aldy sure . no problem . aldy head to the lot for she car , and then turn around . aldy hey , josie , how be you at calculus ? josie petty good . aldy how would you like to join the denominator ? the math team could really use a new brain . we lose we best logarithm guy last year . josie College ? aldy NASA . ( beat ) plus we have this really fun pizza study group , and we go to- this all county meet . and , I mean , not that you need it , and without sounding too much like the godfather , I think we could offer you a certain amount of protection " , if you know what I mean . we all kind of stick together and watch out for each other . josie smile . music up : school house rock be " Magic Three " as we begin montage : int . high school hallway - day josie and denominator walk down the hallway in unison , past guy 's Group , open they locker in order a la " reservoir dog " , take out paper , pencil , calculator . int . - high school hallway - day josie and aldy , both wear big orange denominator sweatshirt , be behind a table man a bake sale . a banner behind they say : n = 3.14578697786978 pie = $ .75 no one be stop to buy anything . josie point to the leave , aldy look , and josie stuff a whole brownie in she mouth . they laugh uncontrollably as josie start to choke and cough up most of the brownie . we pan down a row of nervous look denominator face as they watch josie , sit head to head against a digit , a oppose math -a- lon competitor . they both work furiously on a problem . a judge sit between they . a makeshift scoreboard hang off the desk show the score be tie . josie bang the bell on the desk and hand the judge she card . he look it over , and give she team five point . they win . the denominator erupt into cheer . they be jump all over josie , go crazy . as we go wider we see the gym be entirely empty , except for a handful of denominator go crazy on one side , and a janitor sweeping up on the other . int . mall book store - day smiling at each other , josie and aldy clutch book excitedly and stand in line . we widen to reveal they be in line with nerdy adult also clutching they book . at the head of the line be a blow - up poster for the New element of Grammar . a old man sign book for he fan . int . josie' apartment - night it 's late . josie be type on she laptop , reference note from she notebook . schoolbook and homework be spread around she . end montage . int . classroom - day Sam be perch on the desk . the usual player in they usual seat . aldy be stand and read from she book . aldy : ( read ) " all the world 's a stage and all the man and woman merely player . " SAM anyone have any idea what Shakespeare mean by that ? no one answer . SAM anyone ? Sera ... megan ... exchange student who do not speak English ? we cu on the student , end on a asian boy who smile wildly at Sam and wave . Sam smile , and wave back . SAM it 's about disguise , play a part . it 's the theme of " as you like it . " can anyone tell I where we see that ? aldy well , rosalind disguise herself as a man and escape into the forest . SAM right . and it 's when she 's in costume that she can finally express she love for Orlando . see , Shakespeare 's make the point here that when we be disguise , we feel freer . we can do thing we would not do in ordinary life . cu on josie 's face . she 's clearly uncomfortable . Sam walk up to a huge football player , BRETT . SAM brett when you go out on the football field in you uniform , what happen ? BRETT we win ? SAM you hit people . you yell . you touch other guy ' butt . the class giggle . brett look horrify . SAM but it 's okay , because you be in uniform . disguise change the rule ( beat ) I have this spiderman pyjamas . I think when I wear they , that I have super power . one night I try to walk up the side of the garage . sera do you make it ? SAM to the emergency room . yeah . josie smile at this , a little smitten . SAM josie , why do not you read from Act 5 , scene 2 , rosalind 's speech -- josie stand up , start read -- josie " no sooner have they meet but they look ; no sooner look but they love ; no sooner love but they sigh ... " josie' voice begins to fade away - int . classroom - day ( flasheack ) angle back to josie , now seventeen and mortify , nervously stand in class and read a poem . billy Prince sit to the side -- she glance at he throughout the poem , it 's clearly about he . josie do he notice I ? do he hear my heart scream he name -- sometimes it 's so loud I think the god can hear my pain . his voice be so mellifluous , oh to get just one small kiss . the CLASS laugh at she except for billy , who smile at she , look slightly touch . int . high school library - day ( flashback ) seventeen - year-old josie be surround by a elaborate , color- code index card system for she research paper . her friend , sheila , over - weight and pimply , come run across the library at breakneck speed . she sit down next to josie , visibly excited and push she index card aside . sheila o.k. , what have you want for like ever but you do not think it would - ever happen ? josie look at she for a moment , mull it over . josie that they would start a Olympic team for grammar - like diagramm sentence and verb declension and stuff . and I be scout for the team - just as a alternate , of course - because I be so young . but then there 's talk of I in the ' 96 game - sheila . no - , better . something better josie smile . josie I be the most popular girl in school , and billy Prince be take I to prom . josie laugh at the absurdity . she look at Sheila . Sheila be dead serious . sheila yes . josie what ? sheila billy Prince be ask you to prom . josie why ? sheila I do not know . josie ( beat ) the poem ! I know he like the poem ! ( all sink in ) billy Prince be ask I to the prom . sheila that 's what I be say . the two girl look at each other . Big smile erupt into scream , as they jump up and down , hugging each other . sfx - the bell ring . int . sam' classroom ( present ) same it 's the end of class . student pack they bag . SAM ( call out ) o.k. - just a reminder . you paper be due in one week . int . high school hallway - same aldy and josie head out of class and down the hallway towards they locker . josie stop in front of hers where the makeout couple continue they clinch , block she locker . josie pause frustrated as Sydney 's Voice come over the loudspeaker . sydney ( o.s. ) hey guy ! bad news -- chem wing be close . the hazardous material Crew be on the way . now , about prom . the entire hallway stop to listen . the makeout couple stop make out . sydney ( o.s. ) please join a committee -- because we be go to kick northglen be butt and make millennium the best prom ever ! the hallway erupt in cheer . josie make a move to go for she locker . the makeout couple be faster . they be back in they clinch , block josie again . cu on guy walk with he group . guy rufus ! prom be gonna be rufus . kristen rufus ? guy yeah . I make it up . start use it . angle back on josie and aldy . josie what be with this school and prom ? aldy southglen South compete every year for best prom , and usually they win . we denominator do not even go to prom . - but to everyone else it 's huge . josie aldy , do not miss you prom -- it only happen once . aldy this one have be so hype . we be tie for most win with northglen North . this year 's winner will determine the winner of the century . the theme be everything . so whatever southglen pick have to be totally unique -- int . northglen NORTH high school - day kide all stare at a loudspeaker . kide voice : ( o.s. ) and this year 's prom theme be -- the millennium ! the northglen kid go crazy . int . southglen high school hallway - same josie reach for she knapsack , and realize she leave it in English . josie I leave my bag in English . I will see you later . josie dash down the hallway . int . classroom - same Sam still sit at he desk . he read a book . josie enter . SAM whoa . deja vu. josie sorry . forgetful . josie pick up she bookbag . she notice the book Sam 's read -- josie ( excited ) dorothy parker -- SAM you like she ? josie I love the way she write . SAM not the happiest of soul . ( read out of book ) " Art be a form of catharsis , and love be a permanent flop . " josie but I think she want to be happy , that 's why she write . I mean , she be still write about love , right ? SAM true . I guess she have not completely give up hope . ( then ) be you sure you be seventeen ? josie sure , why ? SAM because seventeen - year-old do not like writer from the ' 30' . they do not even like people in they 30' . josie well , I be definitely seventeen and ( off clock ) now definitely late -- and she smile and run out . int . aldy ' car - night aldy drive , josie have shotgun and tyke , aldy ' nine - year - old sister , be in back . they all hold double - scoop cone and they all sing free to be you and I at full voice . tyke see , be not you guy glad you take a break from that denominator stuff . I mean , you should not be spend you Saturday night study the whole time . aldy we should be spend it think of how we can better serve you baby -sitting need ? tyke they pull up at a red light , next to a abandon drive - in . josie peer in , and see a big group of kide , stand around a bonfire drink beer , talk , a few make out . she open she window , stick she head out , and try to get a better look . josie what 's that ? aldy that 's the old drive - in . they call it " the Court " . now it 's just a continuous party for guy 's group . angle on : gibby and Kristen talk by a car . aldy sometimes I wonder what they talk about . josie yeah , I know . aldy I mean , what if they just stupid to hide the fact that they be actually brainiac with super power and they be plotting to take over the world and make my life hell until I die ? angle on : the cool girl . gibby no . it 's lather , rinse , repeat . angle back on : aldy and josie suddenly , guy poke he head in , startling everyone . guy wow , if it be not alpo . come out to sniff some hydrant ? josie be freeze , but not aldy . aldy oh , guy , you on a little break from have a original think ? ooops , I forget , that 's all the time . tyke get it , and laugh . guy do not get it at all . guy you guy be not seriously try to hang out at the Court ? aldy oooh , cheap wine cooler and a fire in a trashcan . where do I sign up ? guy and stay away from prom . aldy last I check -- this be still a free country . tyke ( sing ) there 's a land that I see , where the child be free - guy 's right in aldy ' face , lean over josie . aldy start to drive away . guy keep he head in the window while he run alongside the car . guy look , geek , why do not you just go home and play with you calculator . figure out how many lifetime it will take you to get cool . guy stop run , and the car continue down the street . int . car '' continuous aldy seem a little shake , tyke continue sing . josie have you ever want to go to the Court ? aldy be you kid , josie ? it 's lame . all they do be stand around and get drunk . it 's lame . josie it be ? aldy yes , it 's lame . josie yeah , it sound lame . why would we want to go there , and stand around ? aldy exactly . int . gus' office - day close on a newspaper headline : " the court - site for partie , drug and weekend arrest " - as Gus throw the newspaper down on he desk . josie sit across the desk from he . she read the headline , look very surprised . gus josie , I be appal . josie pick up the paper , and start read intently . josie jeez , so be I . I have no idea that this kid - let 's see - turn to a14 - she try to turn to a14 , but Gus grab the paper out of she hand in a rage . gus ( try to keep he cool ) no , I be appal that I have a reporter in there , undercover , for almost three week now - I have to read about this in the tribune . josie oh. right . Gus angrily try to fold the paper back 'up . he 's have a hard time . josie try to help , but he yank it away . Gus read aloud from the newspaper . gus responding officer find minor , marijuana , and cheap wine cooler when they respond to a call to break up a party at what southglen High schooler have come to call " the Court . " seventeen - year-old Kristen rey say , " yeah , everyone who 's anyone be at the Court on Saturday night . " josie ( disbely ) Kristen get a quote ? Gus look up at josie . josie yes , urm , she 's right . I have learn it be a very popular place for the young people to go . gus have you be there ? josie uhh , no . gus have you be to any party ? josie well , how would you define to party " ? because we order a deli platter at this one denominator drill session -- Gus look like he may combust . he open the newspaper , find what he 's look for , and shove it in josie 's face . it be a picture of all of the popular kid at southglen - Kristen , kirsten , gibby , guy - they be all pose for the picture at the Court , smile and hold beer . gus this be where the storey be . you be go to become friend with this people . you be go to party with they . you be go to hang out with they on weekend . when they go to prom , you be go to be in they same damn limo ! josie Gus I , the popular kid and I , we just do not - I mean , I do not think I can do this . he point to the picture in the paper of the popular kid . gus do you even know this kid ? josie ( try ) they hide my car -- Gus lean in very close . gus get to know they . very well . you job and my job depend on it . josie ( very small ) depend on it . no s. you subject be plural . gus out ! josie grab she knapsack and do . int . anita' cubicle - continuous josie run through the bullpen , past anita 's cubicle . roger from op / ed enter . he and anita smile flirtatiously . anita hi Roger from op / ed -- roger hi anita from classified . we still on for tonight ? anita of course -- and he lean in and kiss she . she pull away , confuse . a beat . anita kiss he again . nothing . anita ( contd ) ( can not believe she 's say it --) y'know what ? no , I do not think we be on . I think I have to stay home . ( like how it sound ) yeah . I be stay home ! I do not know what I will do there , but I be gonna do it . alone ! Roger walk off . roger ( under ) freak . ext . josie' parent ' house - night Rob open the door still dress in he tiki Post outfit . he take one look at josie and know that thing be not good . josie be mom and dad here ? rob no . they're at the Franklin hint expo at the skokie holiday Inn . josie good . she shove she way into the house . Rob follow . int . den - continuous josie storm into the de , and plant herself on the sofa . she see that Rob have be watch baseball on t.v. , and she turn it off . josie I can not do it . I think I could . I can not . I give up -- I be never go to be a reporter . Rob sit next to she on the couch . he look up at the t.v. - which be now off . rob do you catch the score ? josie give he a look of death . rob no , I mean , no big whoop . josie I can not do this . she pull the article out of she purse , and shove it at Rob . he see the picture of all the popular kid at the Court . rob this girl be high schooler ? damn , we have get some underage hotty on we hand , here ! josie Gus insist that I become friend with this kid . the popular kid . it 's impossible . rob why be that impossible ? josie 's eye get teary . josie Rob , you do not know how it be for I back in high school . no one ever throw juice box at you in the hallway . you never dream about be popular - you already be . all I want be to be accept , and they just fuck torture I . I can not do all that again . I can not go back to southglen South . rob oh my God ! you be at southglen South ? they have a killer baseball team . josie rob. please focus . he put he arm around she . rob jos , you have be to college , you be successful , you wash you hair now -- you be not josie grossie anymore . josie do not you realize how much I want to be you in high school ? just for one minute to feel what it be like to be popular ? rob come on ! it 's not that hard . all you need be one person . once the right person think you be cool , you be in . everyone else will be too scared to question it . josie be that true ? rob Little know fact . josie take this in . rob look , do not you wanna show they - Gus , billy Prince , yourself -- that you be not freak out by the cool kid anymore ? that you can go in there , be friend with they , and get you story ? josie yes , desperately . rob plus , if you quit you be no better than I . josie better than I ... rob that 's the spirit ! ext . high school parking lot - next morning josie approach the school . she 's clearly make a new attempt at style - she 's teeter on too-high platform shoe and show a blend white midriff . no one pay much attention to she . GEORGE , thirty -someth African - american , the epitome of cool , wave josie over to a open van side door . josie look confuse and scurries to the van . josie ( sotto ) George ! what be you do here ? GEORGE just get in the van , josie . int . george' van - moment later High -tech surveillance wonderland meet seventies live room . tape player and monitor share space with shag carpete and a mini-fridge . Barry White plays on a tape . George start to wrap wire around josie 's waist . he pin a kid 's plastic " captain 's wing " onto she collar . josie what be this ? GEORGE Hidden camera . josie wing ? GEORGE we use it for we expose on overweight flight attendant -- " be that why they never give you a second bag of nut ? " josie I be not do this until I speak with Gus . gus ( o.s. ) ( through speaker ) geller , stop be a pain in the ass . josie look all around . josie Gus ? gus ( o.s. ) no , it 's the great and powerful oz. now listen -- you be in over you head . this be how it 's gonna work . I review the tape , I find you story . josie what if I say no ? gus ( o.s. ) I bet good housekeep would go gaga over the cole slaw piece . off josie 's look of concern ... ext . school - minute later a crush of kid flood up the stair to the front door of the school . we see kirsten , Kristen and gibby walk three abreast ahead of josie up the stair . the crowd part around they . josie head towards they . josie hey ! kirsten , Kristen , gibby -- what 's up girlfriend ? the three girl pause and turn just as josie , catch up in the moment , do not see a stray backpack on the stair in front of she . josie trip and -- josie - cam Pov : the camera face -plant into the pavement . int . george' van - same George watch the monitor , wince . josie - cam Pov : the camera still face the pavement . josie ( o.s. ) ( small ) i'm okay . int . coulsom' classroom - later josie be stand , read from she paper . Sam be rapt . josie and so it be rosalind , in disguise , who be best able to see through the disguise of other . to say to phebe , " mistress , know thy self , " to look at love from every angle , and to realize , finally , that she be in love with Orlando -- the bell ring . class be over . josie put she stuff away and start to follow the cool Girls out . josie hey guy , wait up -- the Girls keep move . Sam stop josie . SAM hey , josie , hold on . ( then ) you have be hide something from I . josie oh I do not think so . SAM you write . it 's amazing , josie . you be really talented . and far less depress than dorothy parker . josie thank you . SAM so what be you think for college ? josie College . have not really think about it . SAM that 's crazy . I will get you some application . josie oh no no no no no . see , my family , we do not go to college . ( beat ) we just go right into sheep herding . SAM josie you owe it to yourself to go . for you write . you be a natural . josie thanks . wow . that 's -- really nice to hear . SAM josie , you be different . when you speak in class , I can tell -- you actually feel the word -- ( touch heart ) in here . they be alive . like-eurdora welty talk about the word it moon " ? how for she it be like a concord grape . " that grandpa take off he vine and give to I to suck out of its skin - - " SAM / josie it -- and swallow whole . " they both take a breath in . look away from each other . int . george' van '' same George watch the monitor . GEORGE uh oh . int . gus' office - afternoon anita sit on Gus 's desk , watch the last scene on Gus 's tv , engross . Gus walk in and stop the tape . gus showtime 's over ! move -it ! back to work ! anita climb off he desk . anita Gus , have you ever be in love ? gus leave . anita oh give it up , Gus . I be just make conversation . gus Love . who know what that be ? now circulation , deadline , that I understand . anita you should go out every now and then , Gus ; with some new tie the girl would be all over you . Gus stare down at he tie . but he 's smile - - a little . gus go away . I have enough work here to last I all night . anita listen , I do not have any plan -- you want some help ? gus no Roger from op /ed ? anita nope . they share a smile . int . high school hallway '' day josie walk toward she locker , the make out couple be at it again . josie 's feed up . she tap the Boy on he shoulder . josie Excuse I . hi . do you guy have some kind of schedule I could work around ? he ignore josie and go back to he girlfriend . aldy , in she denominator sweatshirt decorate with pin , approach josie . aldy hey , where 's you sweatshirt ? josie '' uhh , must have forget - aldy no biggie . I have a extra in my locker . I will get it for you . she start to leave . aldy oh '' I almost forget '' I will see you tonight at Big cup. 7:30 , right ? josie look confuse . aldy remember , that poet that we like '' the read he 's do at Big Cup ? I get we ticket . josie right. 7:30 . aldy I be late for lab . aldy take off . josie look down the hall , where guy , Kristen and the other be all look at a flyer paste to the wall . guy that be gonna be such a sweet show . I be so there . guy look at Tommy and Jason , who for follow he lead . tommy oh , yeah , man , I will drive . jason it 's gonna be rufalicious . guy ( beat ) you be use it wrong . they head off , en masse . josie go and look at the flyer : " jimmy cliff tonight at delloser hall " . josie smile . ext . club / delloser hall - night marquee read " Jimmy cliff . " a crowd have gather by the door . josie get out of cab , and walk towards the club . int . club / delloser hall - night josie enter the small , smoky club . she wear what she consider to be she " hip concert outfit , " a outfit that completely clash with the rasta wear of the other concert goer . - she reach the bouncer . bouncer you drink ? josie notice the two stoner from school stand behind she in line . josie I be not 21 . I be only seventeen and I still attend high school . the bouncer stamp she hand . she look down at she hand . we cu on she hand , read delloser . she enter as the two stoner approach the bouncer . bouncer two of you ? a beat as the stoner look at each other , realize ... stoner 1 ( to stoner 2 ) oh , dude -- and they run out of the club . int . club / delloser hall - same jimmy cliff be play . the crowd sit at table , groove . josie approach the bar . a guy turn around -- it 's Sam . SAM josie -- out on a school night . a woman , lara , emerge from the crowd . and put she arm around SAM . a awkward beat . lara hi. josie hi. SAM oh , right , sorry . lara--josie . josie --lara . ( to lara ) josie 's a student of mine . ( to josie ) lara 's my-date . lara Nice to meet you . another awkward pause . lara c'mon , c'mon , let 's go dance . the crowd roar over cliff 's next song as lara drag San off into the crowd . Sam look back briefly at josie as we lose he into the crowd . angle on josie she see guy 's group sit at a table and approach a empty seat . they immediately scoot around so that the seat be take . undeterred , josie see a seat at the next table and sit down in it . she look up to see that she be at a table of huge rastafarian . they all wear big rasta hat and even bigger hair and be smoking a joint the size of Cuba . she smile awkwardly . josie hi . be it okay if I sit here ? rasta # 1 oh , ya mon . we accept all people . we be all about da ' love . josie and the rasta 's start to groove to the music . josie look over at guy 's table , see they be toke off a small joint and pass it around . int . george' van - continuo George and he date , a Pam grier look - alike , sit close on the couch , groove to the concert playing on the monitor and through the various speaker . cu on the monitor . josie - cam Pov : the joint the size of Cuba be pass into frame . josie 's hand take it . catch sight of this , George and he date exchange concerned look . smash CUT to : int . club / delloser hall - later josie be high beyond belief , wear a big rasta hat and loudly laugh she ass off as the rastas just stare . she can hardly keep herself in she chair . josie get it ?! get it ?! he be a firecracker ! she lift up rasta 1 's dreadlock to get he ear . josie ( yell ) a firecracker ! and she crack up again . rasta # 1 ( to rasta # 2 ) I do not love she . rastas share look ill around . then josie hear the first strain of " the harder they come " -- josie oh my God ! this music rule ! and josie proceed to get up and take over the place -- she 's dance on the table , get up with the band and play the bongo , all with absolutely no rhythm or style . but with a lot of whooping . the club be agog . angle on : lara and Sam . they both look aghast . lara she 's a student of yours ? SAM ( in explanation ) she 's from Bali . and as josie continue to dance on stage , make a total fool of herself , Jimmy cliff turn to camera . jimmy freak . int . josie' apartment - later josie be on the phone , and be in the process of finish a entire pie . josie I be tell you , Rob ! I think I do it ! I be totally in ! I be soo cool tonight ! you would be so -- ( stare at fork ) you know what 's a weird word ? fork . ( then ) wait ! wait ! do I tell you about my new friend ? I make friend with a whole table of rastafarian ! not one , a whole table ! ( note empty pie plate , suddenly serious ) oh. my. god. someone eat my entire pie . dissolve to : int . josie' apartment - next morning josie be asleep where we leave she , she head on she hand , empty pie plate nearby . she wake , pick she head up . look down at she hand , the delloser stamp be faint . close up on she forehead . there in block letter backwards be " loser " . she look up at the clock , which read : 8:30 . she 's late . very late . she grab she book bag and she key , and race out . int . high school hallway - morning josie stride confidently down the hallway , loser prominently on she forehead . she see guy and he Group . josie hi guy. guy . guy 's guy . they stare , then snicker . guy hi loser . the group laugh and join in , say " hey loser . " josie 's face register confusion . josie - cam Pov : we move slowly down the pack hallway , the camera shifting nervously amidst a sea of laugh kid . the laughter start to echo . josie start to walk quickly , then run , through the gauntlet of ' laugh and point kid . int . george' van - continuous we hear the laughing , the josie cam jerk frantically from kid to kid . GEORGE this can not be good -- int . high school hallway - continuous josie cam p.o.v. we hear josie breathing heavily as she run past kide who all stare or laugh . she make it to the Girls room , push open the door . int . girl ' bathroom - continuous josie go to the sink , splashes water on she face . int . george' van continuo George watch the monitor , hand splash water . a hand grab a paper towel . George can now see josie reflect in the bathroom mirror . he see the " loser " stamp on she forehead . GEORGE oh man . look up , girl . c'mon , look up -- int . girl ' bathroom - continuous josie wipe she mouth . throw the towel away . go to exit -- int . george' van - continuous George be now apoplectic . GEORGE look in the mirror ! int . bathroom - continuous josie pause , go back to the mirror . she look up . see the stamp . her hand go to she mouth in horror . she run into a stall . josie cam p.o.v. : we face the toilet . int . george' van - continuous George look at the monitor in amazement . int . gus' office - day a Group be watch Gus 's tv , include burn ( the hair plug man ) and howard ( arm cast ) . they be slack - jaw in shock . we hear o.s. the sound of josie vomiting . Gus shake he head sadly . gus it 's like the all-humiliation Network . they all nod in agreement . int . girl ' bathroom - minute later josie be in the fetal position on the floor of a stall . int . den - night ( flashback ) the de of josie 's parent ' home . josie be deck out . she 's wear a pretty hideous metallic pink dress , match glove , bag , shoe . she 's shine she brace , use the t.v. screen as a mirror . the phone ring . josie grab it . josie ( into phone ) hey , billy . I be ready . sure , I can just wait for you on the front porch . see you in a - uhh - jiffer . she hang up . sixteen year old Rob , very cute and buff , enter . his pretty girlfriend be on he arm . girlfriend ( mouth to Rob ) jiffer ? Rob just shrug . ext . josie' front porch night ( flashback ) josie , in all she prom splendor , wait out on the front porch for she date . she see a long , black limo turn the corner , head for the house . she 's hopping up and down with excitement . she check she reflection in she compact , and then watch the limo approach . the sunroof of the limo open and billy Prince , the adonis of the suburb , stand up , stick out of the sunroof . he wave . josie smile and wave back . then , another figure join billy 's . it 's a gorgeous blonde in a slinky dress . she 's stand up , stick out of the sunroof as well . josie look a bit confuse , but still try to smile . then , she see they hold thing . little thing . little white thing . before josie realize what 's go on , she metallic ensemble be cover in drip , ooze egg . one whacks she right in she trifocals . billy ( shouting ) hey , write a poem about this ! billy and he date lob a few more egg , and they limo roar off . josie stand on the porch , alone . she 's get egg in she hair , on she face , all over she dress - everywhere . she start to cry . softly at first , move into big , loud , wet sob . she sit down on the porch , she head in she hand , and just keep cry . dissolve back to : int . high school hallway - ( present ) - day homeroom have just get out , and the hall be pack with kid . josie be run full speed , try to negotiate around lot of kid , in she frantic-race for the door . kid still point and stare . she bang into some freshmen , get whacked by a book bag , slide some banner that kid be painting - but she will not slow down . just as she 's almost at the door to the school , the big wooden door to the front office open . josie can not stop . a figure emerge , but before josie can even see who it be , she slam into it and go down . she bang she head on the hard linoleum floor . int . high school hallway - ( present ) - day homeroom have just get out , and the hall be pack with kid . josie be run full speed , try to negotiate around lot of kid , in she frantic-race for the door . kid still point and stare . she bang into some freshmen , get whacked by a book bag , slide some banner that kid be painting - but she will not slow down . just as she 's almost at the door to the school , the big wooden door to the front office open . josie can not stop . a figure emerge , but before josie can even see who it be , she slam into it and go down . she bang she head on the hard linoleum floor . dissolve to : josie - cam Pov : we see two kide look down into the camera . jason hey -- you okay ? camera nod " yes " slowly . Tommy and Jason come into frame . tommy wow . you take a pretty big fall . jason yeah . like every loser should . and they move out of frame , laugh . josie as every loser should . voice be you o.k .? josie , be you o.k .? Rob come into frame . int . high school hallway - continuous Rob be bent over josie . she rub she eye . josie I have be in a horrible accident . this be a coma-induce nightmare . rob no. josie , this be real . she look up . josie oh my God ! that 's worse ! ( beat ) what be you do here ?! Rob lean in and whisper to josie . rob I just register . Rob whip out he fake id and show it to she . rob ( proudly ) manufacture at the tiki Post . Rob help josie up . josie be you crazy ?! you can not do this . rob this be it jos ! this be my ninth inning ! the game be not over -- I just think it be ! I get on the southglen baseball team , the right scout see I -- I be into the minor - it 's game time ! josie you be twenty - three year old ! rob with the read comprehension of a fifteen year old ! plus , I be popular ... you want to be popular ... I can recognize a cry for help when I see one . josie hear one . ( then ) Rob , this be so like you . you know , you can not just come in here and be popular in just one day . smash CUT to : int . cafeteria - later josie emerge from the cafeteria line with she tray . a loud chant come from one of the table . crowd rob , rob , rob she turn to see Rob in the middle of a hot dog eat contest with a huge wrestler . Rob downs he last one , raise he hand in victory . the crowd go wild . Rob sit down at guy 's table . josie oh my god . angle on guy table guy dude , you rock ! he high - fives Rob . a pretty girl , tracy approach rob. tracy hi. I be Tracy and I be sixteen and I be a gymnast and I do not have a boyfriend ... rob ( look skyward , mouth ) thank you . ( then , to Tracy ) I be rob. tracy duh . angle back on josie aldy approach . aldy hey '' where be you last night ? I be worried . josie can not take she eye off Rob sit at guy 's table . aldy notice josie 's distraction . josie what ? aldy last night . 7:30 . Big Cup . I keep call you , but I only get you machine . I do not even know you parent line and I be really worried . josie oh. I forget . aldy be really hurt . aldy well , maybe you should forget about sit with we too . josie just stand there all alone . ext . track - later Girls p.e. be over . the girl head back to the locker room . josie lag behind the group , and then wander over to the baseball diamond , where she hear a bunch of hoot and holler . ext . baseball diamond - same the team be practice . Rob have just hit a home run with three man on . everyone cheer he on as he run the basis . as he come into home , he be meet with congrat , high fives . everyone love he . josie watch the whole scene , seethe with jealousy . int . girl ' locker room - later josie , post -shower , be wrap in a towel and carry she sweaty gym clothes . a group of girl walk by she , giggle as they exit . she approach she locker and find it ajar and completely empty . she look from the empty locker down to the sweaty clothes in she hand . a realization sweep over she face . int . high school hallway - later josie shuffles down the hall , still wear she cheesy green and yellow gym clothes . she be clearly beat . she look down the hall , stunne . it be ridiculous Rob be be follow by a posse , everyone know he name . Girls tug on he shirt , guy slap he on the back or high - five he . jason hey , rob. tommy robster , what 's up ? BRETT the Rob man . my man rob. gibby hey , Robbie . kristen hi there Robbie Rob . josie see guy approach Rob , and shake he hand . guy hey robo - how 's it go ? rob Nice pants , man . they be rufus . guy smile . josie look like she 's go to hurl . she look down the hall the other way - where a huge banner hang that read : " impeach sydney anakowski . elect rob student body president . tracy hey Rob , see you at the carnival later ? stoner 1 it 's robilicious ! josie look on the wall next to she - and see a list : " final cast list for hamlet . hamlet . . . rob . " josie oh , please . josie have see enough , and walk on . ext . carnival ground - night establish shot of a smallish carnival , ferris wheel , midway , tea cup ride . near the entrance read a banner : " southglen high senior night " . ext . carnival midway - same aldy and the denominator stand in front of a booth that display a large glass jar of jellybean . calculator and paper out , they be engross in find the answer . josie walk by alone . the denominator do not notice she . ext . the ferris wheel - same we pan down the line of kide wait to ride the ferris wheel . in front be Tommy , Jason , gibby and kirsten . kirsten this have be so much fun ! we have be first in line for every ride ! tommy that 's cuz we cut every line . we pan down to the end of the line , where we find josie , stand alone . she 's try she best to keep she game face on . the carny open the gate , the kid pile onto the ride , two by two . josie reach a empty car -- the last one -- and get in . the carny hold the safety bar open . carny where 's you partner ? josie I do not -- I do not have one -- carny ( yell loudly ) I got a lonely ride in bucket seven ! ( to crowd ) single ! josie do you have to yell like that ? Sam , stand by a vendor , look over and notice josie 's predicament . tommy ( o.s. ) of course it 's loser that 's hold up the ride ! Sam walk up to the josie 's bucket . SAM this seat take ? josie ( relieved ) thank you . he get in . the ride jerk into motion . SAM ( nervous ) whoa . they start a slow ascent . Sam seem ill at ease . josie be you --scare ? SAM I be gonna tell you something here , and I hope it do not undermine my position as a authority figure . I be a little afraid of height . josie you be afraid of the ferris wheel . SAM actually , it 's more the plunging head first into the crowd part that get I . josie oh right . the spiderman incident . SAM ( touch ) you remember that story ? josie of course . I remember everything from you class . they smile at each other . the smile be interrupt by a heavy swaying of they bucket , cause by Tommy rocking in the bucket ahead . Sam look a little green . SAM yoooooow . josie do not look down ! they be face the ground at this point . SAM out of my control . ( yell to Tommy ) tommy ! CUT it out ! enough ! Tommy stop . Sam turn to josie . SAM ( defensive ) I say that as a chaperone . they start to ascend again . Sam relax . SAM okay this be okay . smooth . ( then ) can I ask you something ? do you think I tell too many storey in class ? josie that 's what make you interesting . ( beat , recover ) as a teacher . SAM God , I would love to think I be a interesting teacher . I mean , I have maybe one or two teacher in high school who have any passion at all . josie you do . seem to . have passion . in the classroom . SAM you have to say that . you be my student . josie I do not have to say that . they look into each other 's eye just as Tommy rattle he bucket ruthlessly . tommy ( o.s. ) if the bucket' a-rockin ' , don ' T come-a knockin '. josie and Sam laugh uncomfortably . SAM boy . josie I know . SAM I would like to tell you that we all grow out of it , but that 's a lie . some of we will always be rattling cage . josie why do you do that ? SAM I do not know . and you know what 's scary -- when you get older it just get more confusing . I have spend the last ten year with woman who be basically all wrong for I . ( beat ) you know what , I should not be talk about this stuff with you . josie that 's okay . it 's nice to have someone to talk to -- the bucket be rock again by Tommy -- Sam grip the safety bar . SAM ( as he rock ) same here . they stop rock but they be still stick at the top . SAM all I can tell you be that when you be my age , the guy will be line up around the block for you . they share a smile . josie ( suddenly shy ) you have to say that . you be my teacher . SAM I should not say that , because I be you teacher . they look at each other , they smile fade into realization . suddenly , the car jerk , and they start to move down . josie and Sam be pull out of they reverie . they smile awkwardly at each other and laugh a small laugh . wide shot of the ferris wheel as josie and Sam descend . SAM ( v.o. ) thanks , josie . this be not as bad as I think . josie ( v.o. ) when be you go to open you eye ? SAM ( v.o. ) I be think when I be home . ext . baseball dugout - day Rob sit with a bunch of baseball player . matz and packer , the stud of the team , come into the dugout and join they . packer hey Rob , thanks for show I that new grip . it totally change my swing . rob no problem , man . they do one of that elaborate , fraternity - like handshake . out of the corner of he eye , Rob see josie walk alone across the field . he get a idea . rob hey , you guy know that girl , josie geller ? matz you mean " loser " ? rob no , dude , josie . we use to go out and she dumped I . but we be still good friend . and she be amazing , if you know what I mean . the guy be all stunne . int . biology classroom - day gibby stand stare at a skeleton with Rob and the cool Girls . gibby all right -- that 's it . just water and ex - lax till prom . rob hey -- josie 's dad invent that stuff . josie 's like the heiress to the ex - lax fortune . kirsten ( impressed ) shut up . rob yeah . she 's load . she spend all she vacation on the family yacht in the south of France . they react . ext . track - day Rob stand behind the bleacher with Tommy , Jason , and guy . tommy no way . jason she use to date the drummer for the Big bad voodoo daddy ? guy no way . I always want to be a drummer . rob yeah well , she leave he for the drummer from " sister hazel . " y'know the song " all for you ? " guy that be about josie ? ( impressed ) rufus int . cafeteria - day josie turn with she tray after pay . aldy see she . aldy hey , josie -- I be really sorry I snap at you . do you wanna -- josie see Rob wave she over to " the table " where Kristen , gibby and the gang sit . josie oh , aldy , y'know , I have to -- and josie walk over to guy 's table , leave aldy stare after she . josie sit down at the table . everyone stare at she . gibby hey josie . it 's josie , right ? kristen can I just say -- I totally love ex - lax . josie ( confuse ) okay , that 's good to know -- tommy I can not believe you date Big bad voodoo daddy . josie shoot a look at rob. rob hey , I tell you -- josie do not like to talk about that . kirsten yeah , Tommy , that 's totally gochay . gibby I think it 's pronounce gauche . josie yeah it 's french . there 's no accent aigue , so the e be soft . a silent beat . josie think she may have blow it . gibby duh , of course you would know that . from be on you yacht in the south of France . they all smile at she . josie soak in she newfound popularity . int . science classroom - day on the wall be safe sex poster . on the front desk , pamphlet on sexually transmit disease share space with plastic biology cross-section model of male and female reproductive organ . Sam stand in front of he English class , impatiently look at he watch . josie look up from she desk , see anita wave wildly from the other side of the glass door . josie 's eye widen , she start to make " get out of here " movement . Sam notice josie and follow she gaze to anita . he open the door , speak sotto to anita . SAM hi . you be here for the sex talk ? anita ( happily take aback ) well . I like a man who get to the point . SAM you be Pam ? anita ( frisky ) if you say so . Sam turn to the class . SAM welcome junior and senior , this be Pam kitterman . she 's we district health counselor . she 's here to lead we sex discussion . he usher a surprised anita to the front of the room . josie react . anita I be ? oh , I be . hi. okay . sex . yes , well , sex . what 's to say really , y'know ? you like a guy , you do it . sometimes he call . sometimes he do not . anita lean into josie , talk sotto . anita ( whisper ) hi! josie ( also whisper ) what be you do here ?! anita I have a lunch break so I think I would come by and see you . you teacher be a fox ! ( then normal voice to josie ) why do not we discuss that after class . but the burn be totally normal . ( look at watch ) oh look . class be over already . SAM I think this be a 45 - minute seminar . anita right . right . anita walk back to the front of the classroom . anita okay , sex . let 's see . sex be really fun . ( off josie 's look ) when you be old enough . which none of you be , trust I I should know cuz when you lose it to some guy name junior with really bad breath in the back of a van at a gun and rose concert you be gonna wish you listen to you Mom when she say , y'know , no one 's gonna want to buy the whole friggin ice cream truck when you be hand out the popsicle for free . there 's a deafen silence . the kid be amaze . anita okay . any question ? int . science classroon - later the kid all have bananas and condom . they be in various stage of put the condom over the banana . anita walk among they , clearly more comfortable with she role now . anita okay . I know it 's hard . titter from the group . anita difficult . but safe sex be really important . I try to practice it every day . josie react . angle on kirsten & kristen . they condom be snugly on they bananas . they stare at josie . kristen wait , rewind . do you really think she hook - up with we Rob ? they be so --different . gibby sometimes opposite attract . kirsten yeah . look at bert and Ernie . we angle on anita . she 's walk authoritatively up the aisle towards the front . anita so just .. imagine the bananas be the real thing . she take a rather large banana off a desk and look at it . she snort . anita in a land call " every man' fantasy " . she look up , see the real miss kitterman ( we can tell from the model of a uterus she carry ) , stand outside the door and wave . without miss a beat , anita pull down a shade on the door and lock it . angle on : josie and tracy still struggle with condom . tracy God , I can not do this . josie maybe because we be not suppose to be have sex with bananas . tracy you know what , though ? I feel like I be really ready to do it . to have sex for the first time . josie wow . that 's big . I mean sex be a really big deal . you should not do it until you know you have find the right person . angle on SAM , listen . josie be oblivious . josie you know , Adele penguin pick one mate . they spend they whole life look for that one other penguin and when they find it , they know . that 's the penguin they stay with for the rest of they life . tracy but I be not a penguin . SAM it 's a analogy . a surprised josie look up to see Sam next to she . she let she condom go . and it fly off she banana into he face . josie turn to Tracy . josie Excuse I . I have to go die now . the class be interrupt by Sydney over the loudspeaker : sydney ( o.s. ) ( over speaker ) hey guy -- Sydney again ! do not forget -- no go into the library cuz of that little asbestos problem . and about prom everyone freeze . Dead silence . sydney really bad news . we just get the word from intelligence -- northglen High be do the millennium too ! complete chaos . scream terror . a girl faint . Sera squeeze she banana so hard it ooze out of its skin . other kide be beat they bananas against desktop . brett , the football player , absentmindedly peel he banana and begin eat it . SAM all right guy , let 's calm down . calm down . ( no response ) sit ! they all do , include anita . SAM now look . let 's focus . prom theme . we need a new idea . anita oh ! how about " under the Sea ? " she 's meet with a round of " boo " . anita react . anita well excuse I . SAM what about the " Roaring twenties " or " the 80' " ? the class let out a giant groan on that one . gibby what do you think we be ? amateur ? guy josie . sera that 's not a theme . guy no , josie will have the answer . a long beat . expectant face all turn to josie . she look at Tracy . josie how about - - ' ( come to she ) mean for each other -- famous couple throughout history ? another beat as the class consider . guy ( smile and nod ) yeah . that 's it . the class suddenly concur . CLASS yeah . / that 's it . / rufus . josie soak in all the approval like a sponge . josie thanks . thank you . josie look from Sam and anita 's smile face to find guy smile at she . close up on a banner read : " millennium " . it come down , replace by one that read : " meant for each other ... widen to reveal : int . high school hallway - day josie and the cool Girls walk under the banner , laugh . we pan up to they lapel and see that they be all wear replica of josie - 's geeky airplane pin . they pass aldy , josie be oblivious . int . mall - day josie and the Girls walk four abreast , like a pack of proud lion . kid part to let they through . int . SUN time bullpen - day worker look at they watch , run into Gus 's office . int . gym prom prep area - later Sam and josie have fun painting a backdrop of the sunset . int . gus' office - same worker stand around Gus 's tv , rivete by josie and Sam . int . department store - cosmetic counter - same josie and the Girls try on lipstick , laugh and fool around . int . music room - day josie and Sam pick out CD from a dj 's case . josie pick one out and put it in the " yes " pile . Sam pick it up , wrinkle he nose , put it back . when he look away , josie sneak it back . int . teen clothing store - same josie 's hide behind a rack of clothes , talk on she cell phone . josie ( into phone ) I be tell you Gus . it 's a great story . they keep the tag on , then return the clothes after they have wear they . ( beat ) Gus ? -- Gus ? kirsten discover josie behind the rack . josie quickly pull a cardigan off a rack , feign interest in it . the Girls all do the same . int . hall concourse - same josie and the Girls , wear match cardigan , walk past aldy and another denominator on they way to the escalator . josie and aldy lock eye and josie smile but aldy turn she back to she . aldy ( to denominator ) look , there go another lemming . we angle on the escalator as josie and the Girls rise single file out of - frame . ext . baseball stand - day josie sit with she new friend , emulate they by sun in a bikini top and short while they watch the game . gibby josie , you have totally transitioned . josie transition ? gibby you cross over . kristen into we group . kirsten it 's really hard to do . some kid try for all of-high school and never make it . gibby Wannabes . kirsten transitioned last year . kristen her dad sell a car to Leonardo Di caprio 's uncle and before he pick it up , she dad let we all sit in it and take picture . gibby : ( to josie ) wait . do you know any gay guy ? josie why ? kirsten we would love to transition a gay guy into the group . kristen we be very evolve . on the field a ball sail fast and hard . it look like it 's go to be a base hit , into leave field , but the shortstop leap up and grab it . that shortstop be Rob . the team cheer . coach romano head out of the dugout towards Rob . in the stand josie and the gang leap up and cheer . josie almost lose she top , but catch it , just as guy come around the side of the stand and notice josie . ext . baseball diamond - continuous coach romano approach rob. slap he on the back . coach romano great play , Rob . you might be just what southglen South need to get to national . rob I be play in the championship game ? coach romano play ? you be start shortstop . and I do not mean to put more pressure on you but there be go to be some pro scout there . rob oh man ! Rob grab coach romano in a bear hug . the coach be uncomfortable . Rob move towards the dugout and the coach happily slap he on the ass . ext . baseball stand - same josie and the Girls be leave . guy catch up to they and tap josie on the shoulder . guy so -- you go to the party at Rob 's ? josie 's take aback . the Girls notice guy 's interest . josie Rob 's ? guy yeah , you gonna be there ? josie stumble on a step guy immediately reach out to steady she . she melt . she can not even speak , so she just nod . guy good . I will see you tonight . guy walk off . gibby he be totally crunching on you . josie ( confuse ) do I want to be crunch ? gibby by guy ? gibby / kristen / kirsten oh yeah . int . SUN time elevator - day camera pan the face of some dull - look worker . it stop on josie , who stand out in she teen garb and huge knapsack . a star strike female worker turn to she . worker I really love you in the sex - ed scene . josie react . int . bullpen - continous josie spill out the elevator and race through the bullpen with rhoda in pursuit . rhoda splendiferous -- josie stop , turn back to she . josie totally . josie keep go . a confuse rhoda stare after she . she pass merkin 's desk . he be still on the phone . merkin ( into phone ) no way ... yeah ? ... no way . josie reach over , grab the phone out of he hand and hang up without miss a beat . she continue on as merkin stare after she . josie reach the conference room door . a older woman run out cry . int . conference room - continuous rigfort preside over a staff meeting . close up on stunne office worker ' face . rigfort alrighty then -- next on the agenda - sack race at the company picnic - yes or no ? josie sneak in . she push past worker to get to a chair , big backpack whack they as she go . josie hi. sorry I be late . ( push past chair ) sorry . Excuse I -- josie take the chair next to anita 's . anita look she up and down . anita ( sotto ) I love that jacket . rigfort miss geller , what 's the status on you story ? josie oh it 's great . totally rufus . Gus and anita look at each other , both mouth " rufus ? " josie I have , um -- josie dump out she backpack on the table . Teen item spill out - notebook , CD , barrettes , a hacky sac , a frisbee , glitter nail polish . she rifle through it all -- josie -- note here somewhere - ( pick up paper ) there 's my math homework ! rigfort geller , I do not need you note . I need you story . though I speak for everyone when I say I have see the tape . compel stuff . all the worker nod in agreement . rigfort but I want a story in two week . I be save the " life and style " cover for you . you be gonna make one hell of a reporter . oh , and if you do not , you and Gus be fire . josie and Gus react . rigfort now , onto the next order of business . Marketing department - yes or no ? ext . josie' parent ' house '' night beer can and kid litter the lawn . josie pull into the driveway . int . josie' parent house '' same josie make she way through the throng of kide . it 's a big high school " rager " lot of big blue keg cup , drunk girl , etc . the cool Girls be present and socialize . josie finally make she way to the kitchen . int . kitchen - same Rob be mixing margaritas , wear a big sombrero . Tracy sit on the counter , gaze lovingly at Rob 's every move . josie hey Rob , what 's go on ? tracy I be Rob 's prom date . josie glare at rob. josie really ? ( pull Rob aside ) Rob - , that girl be sixteen . rob and a gymnast ! josie she 's sixteen year old , Rob . that 's totally and completely illegal . josie feel a arm around she shoulder . it 's guy . guy hey there . josie hey . there . guy take josie 's hand . guy come here . I want to ask you something . Rob watch they leave the kitchen . rob ( to josie , call after ) see you around the cellblock , Mrs. Robinson . josie turn around and give he a death look . Tracy turn to rob. tracy Rob , what do you want to be when you grow up ? rob well , a ball player . tracy no , I know . but , what if you do not make it ? ' I mean , you don t want to be work at a mail place the rest of you life . it 's okay for a after school job , but , come on , " hi , I be Rob and I run the tiki Post " ?! totally lame . Tracy start to giggle . Rob do not . int . upstair hallway - continuous guy and josie stand in front of josie 's old room . a bicycle license plate that say - " josie " be nail to the door . she stand in front of it . josie maybe we should go in a different room ? guy I already check . there be some pretty serious couple in there . guy reach for the doorknob . int . josie' old bedroom - continuous they go in . josie see she spelling bee trophy - with she name . she turn they around , try to appear nonchalant . as guy enter , he eye the trophy , the stuff animal , the many set of encyclopedias . guy wow , Rob 's sister must be such a loser . josie manage a weak smile . guy sit on the bed . guy come here , sit down . she sit on the bed , and then see a picture of she and she family on the bedside table . she dive across the bed to overturn it . guy I be sure you have probably hear that I want to ask you , but I would like to know if you would go to prom with I . I know we do not hit it off right at the beginning but - josie yes . I will go . yes . guy lean in as if to kiss she and whisper ... guy rufus . ( then pull away ) but I do not even know where you live . josie you know what ? why do not you just pick I up here ? we could all share a limo . guy cool . I will catch you later . guy leave . josie be ecstatic and flop back on she bed . stuff animal fall all around she . int . high school hallway - day josie and Rob walk confidently through the hallway . kid greet and high five they both . jason hey jos. hey robster . BRETT look good guy . tommy hey jos. Rob , rufus kegger . Rob and josie turn the corner . josie Rob , this be unbelievable . I mean -- josie shove through the double door lead into the gym . int . gym - continuous the place be a flurry of activity , a staging area for prom . various committee be set up at table throughout the room . josie and Rob enter . josie -- I spend my whole life want to fit in , and now -- gibby and kirsten run up to josie . gibby hey josie - who do archie date Betty or Veronica ? josie Betty . gibby turn to kirsten . gibby told you . and they move off . Rob spot Tracy and move off to she . SAM ( o.s. ) I always like Betty better . josie turn , see Sam . josie you do ? and they begin to walk through the prom prop area , and it begin to appear like a romantic date -- they pass flower , he pick one out , they pass a bistro table , a backdrop of a sunset follow they for awhile , etc . SAM oh yeah . Betty be so spunky and fun . Veronica may have have great leg , but she be too moody . very high maintenance . josie laugh . angle on : a table where Kristen and Tommy be sell prom ticket . aldy be stand in front of they . aldy you can not not sell I a ticket to prom . tommy listen , alpo -- we can do whatever we want . aldy oh , I get it . it 's that pesky make change part that 's confusing you guy . here . I will make it easy . ( hold up money ) money - ( drop money , take ticket ) ticket . aldy take she ticket , walk off . Tommy and Kristen turn to each other and start whisper conspiratorially . angle back on : josie and SAM Sera run up to josie . sera josie , be tweedle Dee and tweedle dum a couple ? josie and Sam share a look . josie well , in a strict sense , probably not . but for prom --sure . sera thanks ! Sera turn off . SAM you be really do a great job here , josie . I like you " can do " attitude . josie ( shyly ) thanks . ( beat ) they be not related to Humpty dumpty , be they ? tweedle dum and tweedle Dee ? SAM maybe distant cousin . they do have that egg shape in common . josie but Humpty dumpty be alone . SAM that 's sad , be not it ? he have to sit on that wall all by himself . he deserve to have somebody . josie that 's really what we all need , right ? someone to sit up on the wall with we -- SAM yeah . to watch the world go by .-- josie to put we back together again when we fall . they share a meaningful glance and a smile . SAM we penguin , right ? josie do you think you will find she ? SAM yeah , actually I do . they be lose in each other . they lean closer , as if they may kiss , then Sam break the moment . SAM oh my God ! I almost forget -- I get you a meeting with the admission guy from Dartmouth ! josie what ! but -- I be not even go to go to college -- SAM no , I know , but I pull some string , get he to look at you write , and he agree to meet you . josie oh --yike ! SAM tell he ( teasing ) -- if I be wrong about this girl , you can take away my teach certificate ! josie wow . you believe in I that much -- SAM of course I do . josie , you owe it to yourself - - to you write , to go to college . you be a great writer . you just have to find you story . as they share a meaningful look , we freeze frame . int . gus' office - later Gus and josie sit in front of he tv . the image of Sam and josie be freeze on the screen . gus that 's you story ! josie you be crazy . I can not -- I can not - no . no . gus it 's get it all -- sex , intrigue , immorality in the education system -- josie he 's my teacher ! gus and that 's the best part . ( banner with he hand ) " teacher - Student Relations : how close be too close ? " we be gonna blow the lid off it ! josie there be no lid ! nothing 's go on between Sam and I . coulson . Mr. Sam coulson and I . gus not yet . every person in this office come in here and watch you guy ! it 's like the goddamn Young and the restless ! rigfort 's salivate over it . josie you already pitch this to rigfort ?! Gus lean in , now all business . gus josie , this be not a joke . you hear rigfort . it 's both of we ass on the line . this be you story . int . josie' apartment - bedroom - night josie be get ready for prom . she wear she bathrobe and be do she make -up . she look over at she dresser where she eye the camera / flight wing pin tentatively . int . den - night Rob , in boxer , a dress shirt , and sock be fill flask with vodka . josie come in the door wear a lovely elizabethan gown . she look absolutely beautiful . rob wow , josie - you look really - josie ( hopeful ) rufus ? rob yes. exactly . Major rufus . josie thanks . and what be - rob duh. Tom Cruise . " risky Business " . he put on he black wayfarer sunglass , and do the famous slide into the live room . josie laugh . josie Rob -- thanks . for everything . this be really happen . I never think -- rob I know . Rob smile and exit . josie nervously check she reflection in the t.v. - just like she do eight year ago . she take a deep breath , and go out . ext . front porch - same josie come out on the porch , and see the limo round the corner , just like eight year before . the sunroof open . and guy stand up - hold something . josie panic - and start to take cover - but then see he 's hold a dozen white rose . and hold they out to she . guy come on beautiful - what be you wait for ? josie , smile , run down the driveway to the limo . ext . country club - night prom night . and it really be magical . twinkle light dot the tree , music waft out from the club . a neon sign that say " meant for each other " blink above the building . - couple make they way inside . we see mork a mindy , antony a cleopatra and Sera dress as a rabbit . annoy , she turn back to she lag date , brett , dress as a tortoise . sera hello ! if you do not hurry up we be gonna miss the whole thing ! gibby , kirsten , and Kristen exit limo with they date . they all wear the same straight blonde wig , and look at each other in horror . gibby oh-my - God . you totally rip off my malibu barbie idea . kristen uh uh. I be disco barbie . kirsten 's wear a short , tight miniskirt . kirsten and I be even gown barbie . gibby right . that 's not a evening gown . kirsten it be on barbie . josie and guy approach , dress in elizabethan costume . they look great . kristen josie , you look rufus . kirsten who be you guy ? gibby do not tell I ... you be medieval barbie . josie rosalind and Orlando . ( nothing ) from " as you like it " ? ( more blank stare ) Shakespeare ? it 's like talk to a sack of hammer . guy interject . guy look ! I get to have a sword ! and they all ooh and ahh . int . country club '' continous we follow josie and the group into the prom . the place look amazing . light , ice sculpture , champagne fountain . we pan down the buffet . a boy dress as a jar of peanut butter and he date , jelly , be get food . peanut butter turn away from the buffet and bump into a girl dress as a chocolate bar . peanut butter oh , sorry . there 's a magical beat as they smile at each other . chocolate bar that 's okay -- jelly look on , chagrine . we reach two older gentlemen in tux who carry clipboard and wear big button that read : national prom judge . they contemplate the ice sculpture . judge # 1 it 's deat and unique without be derivative . judge # 2 ( look off ) hey ! Pigs in blanket ! and he run off . int . country club - later that night josie sit with the cool group at a table . Kristen be make odd face . josie Kristen , what be you do ? kristen I be practice my surprised face for when we get name to prom court . joseph and a very pregnant mary approach they table and try to sit down . kirsten sorry . there 's no room at this table . Joseph and Mary amble off . guy turn to josie . guy you have fun ? josie ( meaning it ) oh yeah . the best . josie take in the spectacle around she . int . george' van - continuous candle be light . George 's date sit on the couch . the monitor be on show the josie cam Pov . he flip the switch , the light dim and a small disco ball start move slowly . George settles in next to he date . int . gus' office - continuous the entire office be cramme into Gus 's office . anita sit up front , spellbound , watch the josie cam . Gus stand in back . okay , he 's a little interested too . anita this be the most beautiful prom I have ever be to . Cynthia run in with a bowl of popcorn . cynthia do I miss the crown ? merkin no , but I be close the pool in five minute . merkin hold out a bowl of cash . merkin josie 's odd be 3 to 1 . 2 to 1 for prom court . and even odd the kid stick himself with the sword by the end of the night . int . country club - continuous we pan across the dance floor where we see popeye & olive oyl , sonny & cher , the blue brother . we hold on robin dance with batgirl . batman approach and tap Robin 's shoulder -- batman May I have this dance - and batgirl step aside -- Robin and batman dance happily away . angle on rob try to slow dance with tracy ( dress like rebecca De mornay ) , but she be so-drunk she 's have trouble balance . tracy be you have fun ? rob yeah . definitely . he try to stand she up on she own . tracy good . gibby give I champagne . rob maybe we should sit . he help she to a chair next to the dance floor . they both sit . next to they , a ravenous miss piggy eat with she date kermit look on . she pick up a hor d'oeuvre and stare at it horrify . miss piggy oh my God ! be this a pig in a blanket ?! Tracy look at Rob , and get serious . tracy Rob , I have - I have think about it a lot . and I think - I mean , I know . you be the one . my penguin . Rob look at she . she 's young . she 's beautiful . she 's tipsy . she 's try to put she leg behind she head . rob wow - I - tracy Rob , I mean it . I want you to be my first . I and you . once the floor stop spin , let 's have sex . he look around . it 's high school prom . a skinny kid be get beat up in a corner . other kid be sneaking smoke . he can not do this . rob I be gonna get you some water . and then , I think we should get back out on that dance floor and boogie . Rob get up , kiss Tracy on the top of she head , and head for the refreshment table . Tracy , she leg still around she head fall backwards into Kermit 's lap . Kermit look down , surprised and interested . miss piggy notice , give he a big " harumph " , toss she hair , and leave . angle back on : the cool table . gibby be stare o.s. in horror . gibby you guy -- what be the one thing that could ruin my senior prom ? kristen that you would trip on you barbie heel and I would get name prom queen ? ( beat ) do I say that out loud ? we follow Kristen 's stare to the prom entrance where aldy and the denominator enter in pair , one behind the other , attach together with rope , to form a human ladder . they cross the dance floor , interrupt everything with they unwieldy , tie - together conga line . they approach the cool table . gibby so what be you suppose to be ? other than freak ? aldy we be DNA . a double helix . but I guess you would know that if you would actually pass bio . Kristen reach out and touch the rope bind denominator # 1 to aldy . denominator # 1 slap she hand away . denominator # 1 please do not touch the hydrogen . it 's rent . Kristen react . int . country club - on the stage '' later Sam take the stage , with a card in he hand . SAM well , the moment have arrive . he look at the card . SAM we 1999 prom court - the princess be - miss Kristen rey , miss kirsten leosis and miss gibby Zarefsky . and the prince be Mr. Thomas salamey , Mr. Jason Way , and Mr. Rob - Sam look at the card , and then look around . nobody can help he . SAM Mr. Rob ... Mr. Rob ! the crowd cheer . gibby , kirsten , and Kristen all jump in preplan delight . Rob seem genuinely surprised . Jason carry Tommy up to the stage piggyback . the girl make they way to the stage , and put on they " prom court " sashes . Sam look to the card again . SAM next up - southglen 's prom King guy be already halfway to the stage - SAM guy Perkins ! the crowd go wild . guy reach the stage and take he crown and scepter . SAM and - this year 's prom queen - Sam look at the card , then at josie . josie be stand ; eye open , stare at the podium ... int . gus' office - continuous the crowd be rapt , wait for the announcement . anita have she eye squeeze shut , praying for the win ... int . country club - angle on SAM . SAM lady and gentleman '' josie geller ! the crowd cheer like crazy , josie smile . int . gus' office - continuous the crowd go crazy , hugging each other and jump up and down . anita yes ! you go girl ! yes ! yes ! anita give Gus a big hug . Gus be completely take aback . merkin dolefully hand out money . int . country club - continuous - josie be hugge and congratulate as she make she way , elate , to the stage . Sam place the Queen 's tiara on she head and hand she a bouquet of flower . they lock eye for a moment . SAM and now - as it be custom - the king and queen will have they first dance . on the dance floor : guy and josie begin to dance . from josie 's p.o.v. , it 's in slow motion , the world glitter and wonderful around she . guy hey -- what be you think about ? josie Shakespeare . how he describe a night like this -- " look how the floor of heaven be thick inlaid with patine of bright gold " . ( beat ) what about you ? what be you think about ? guy ( take a beat , happily ) my sword . it 's like a switch have be flicked on in josie 's brain . josie oh. guy josie , you rock my world . you be like the most amazing girl I have ever date . you be so smart and fun and crazy ! you rock my world . josie you say that already . int . country club - buffet - minute later josie stand by the buffet in she tiara , turn and come face to face with Sam . they be both take aback by the other 's beauty . SAM josie - - you make a really beautiful prom queen . josie thanks . so do you . they both laugh , embarrassed , at josie 's flub . SAM I always feel like such a goofball in this penguin suit . like I be at my own wedding or something . a awkward beat . SAM you wanna -- he gesture towards the dance floor . josie smile . josie yeah , okay -- and they walk off onto the dance floor . angle on : the side of the dance floor . guy approach aldy . guy hey , listen - - it 's prom . how about we let all the old shit go . would you like to dance ? aldy can not help it . she smile , a little flatter . guy if it 's okay with the rest of the double helix . aldy smile and unhook herself from the group . and start to dance with guy . angle on : josie and SAM as they continue to dance . SAM prom always make I sad . they be so final . graduation . everyone 's scatter , move on . josie well , be you here with anybody ? SAM no , I be alone . josie it 's weird because " prom " be actually from the word " promenade " . and you can not really promenade alone , can you ? Sam smile at this . SAM you be amazing , josie geller . angle on : guy and aldy as they dance , we see the cool Girls and Jason stand to the side of the dance floor laugh gibby reach into she purse and pull out a can of alpo . she hand it to Jason who pull a can opener out of he pocket , open the lid . he hand it to kirsten who take the lid off . she hand the can to Kristen , who hand the can to Tommy . SAM so -- have you think anymore about Dartmouth ? josie yeah , I have . close up on josie 's hand as she subtlety remove she hide camera pin and drop it to the ground . josie there 's something I have to tell you -- her foot come down on top of it . int . george' van - continuous George be make out with he date when the monitor suddenly fritzes off . George look up . GEORGE what the --?! George stand and hit the side of the monitor . int . gus' office - continuous Gus 's monitor flick to static . the crowd let out a horrify gasp . cynthia tell he what ?! tell he what ?! int . country club - dance floor - continuous Sam look deep into josie 's eye . SAM there 's something I have to tell you , too -- josie 's eye shift from Sam to over he shoulder . she spot aldy , who smile at she . josie 's eye travel up to the can of dog food . flash : teenage josie on the porch , face billy and he date . flash : teenage josie with egg drip all over she . back to present . josie nooooooo ! slow motion as josie lunge for aldy and pull she to floor as Tommy , off - balance , dump the dog food all down guy 's front . the crowd stop dead , stare . the can , now empty , roll slowly off the dance floor , the metal roll noise echoing in the silence . guy ( to josie ) what be you problem ?! gibby I know it . you be a loser . kristen you ruin the whole thing ! kirsten you so do not deserve to be prom queen . everyone be still stare . it 's dead quiet . josie let I tell you something . it be still silent . josie take a deep breath , and look around the room . josie I do not care about be the prom queen . I be twenty five year old . look of confusion and teenage disgust . Rob be piss . Sam look shocked . josie I be here as a undercover reporter for the Sun Times for God 's sake and I have be beat my brain out try to impress you . she tear off she crown , and chuck it . she 's on a roll . josie I want to tell you something . you people - guy , gibby , the rest of you who have be keep the geek down through the age . you will spend you life try to figure out way to keep other down , because it make you feel more important . and you will miss out on so much . ( indicate aldy ) why she , huh ? what do she ever do to you ? let I tell you something about this girl . she be unbelievable . I be new here , and she befriend I - no question ask . but you people , you be my friend only after my brother , Rob ... she point out Rob in the crowd . he 's mortify . josie pose as a student and tell you to like I . but y'know --l have to thank you . I get to go to a amazing prom . I get to be prom queen . I get to be cool . it feel good . ( beat ) but not as good as be myself . ( turn to crowd ) and to all of you -- there 's a big world out there . bigger than prom . bigger than high school . when you get there , it will not matter if you be prom queen or the quarterback or the biggest nerd in school . what matter be that you do not regret who you be , who you be - what if Steven spielberg have quit the audio / visual club because it be not " cool " ? what if rosie o' donnell have stop crack joke because someone tell she they be stupid ? what if Michael Jordan never go back to basketball after he get cut from he high school team ?. ( a beat ) in this room right now , there could be a future Nobel Prize winner , a Supreme Court justice , a amazing Mom . find out who you be and do not be afraid of it . ( a beat ) and if you will all excuse I , I have some business to take care of . reaction shot ' all around . kid start clap , holler , whooping . the music start up again . they all go back to dance the denominator lead they own conga line . angle on : josie she look around for Sam but he be go . she run out , brush past the judge . angle on : judge judge # 2 dab he eye . judge # 1 this prom have it all . laughter , tear , a amazing climax . judge # 2 , still overcome , just raise he " two thumb up . " ext . country club parking lot - moment later josie exit the club , look for Sam . George run up to she . GEORGE hey -- I lose the feed ! what happen with coulson ? Gus be go crazy ! out of the shadow emerge Sam . the look on he face say he just hear everything . josie so--surprise ! he shake he head in disbelief and walk off . josie chase after he . he turn back to she . SAM " surprise ! " you be do a story on I ?! josie no , surprise , I think you would be -- SAM what ? happy ? why ? because it turn out all along that I be allow to be attract to you ? josie ( touch ) you be attract to I ? SAM goddamnit , josie ! Drop the act . do you have any idea what I go through every night because of you ?! I be attract to a 17 year old ! when I be not take cold shower , I be try to figure out what the hell I be go to do when I could not teach anymore ! I think I be the one be unethical . josie wait , I be go to tell you -- SAM you set I up . for a story . ( beat ) you know what 's crazy ? I be actually consider wait for you . josie but now you do not have to -- SAM now I do not want to ! I buy all of you penguin crap . I think I find she -- the right one ! and the problem be she be too young ! no - the problem be -- she do not even exist ! josie I do exist . I do exist . I be the same person ! SAM the person I care about would not have do this . everything out of you mouth have be a complete lie . I do not know you at all . for all I know you could hate dorothy parker . josie I do not ! look , you could get to know I , again . Sam turn and start to walk away . josie please . please do not walk away . SAM I just can not look at you the same way . Sam get into he car and drive off . josie be devastate . int . josie' apartment build - hallway - later josie , still in the prom dress , round the corner of she apartment hallway and see Rob , still in he risky Business get - up , slump in front of the door . rob josie , finally . I just want to come over and make sure you be okay . josie really ? he get up . he 's not happy . rob no - not really , josie . not really . how could you do that to I ? I help you . I get you everything you want . and how do you repay I - you blow everything two day before pro scout come to see I play . once they have see I really play - they would not have give a shit about my age . josie be not even think about - rob no , you be not . do not you realize the only time I be really happy in the last five year be when I be play ball with that guy ? josie I - rob no , shut up , josie . just shut up . he storm off . int . josie' bedroom - later that night josie lie amidst the needlepoint pillow , still in she prom costume . she stare blankly at the ceiling . int . gus' office - day Gus slap a newspaper down on he desk . close on - the front page of the paper , and not just any newspaper - the chicago tribune - the Sun Times ' rival . there be a photo of josie from prom with the headline that read : " reporter revealed at local high school " . josie pick it up , and start read . gus you story be rigfort 's baby . we be scoop ! we have get nothing . Zippo . you totally and completely screw both of we . josie maybe I could talk to rigfort , you know , tell he the whole story . gus I will tell you a story . it 's about this shy copy editor who make a mockery of herself and she boss when she completely botch she first assignment as a reporter . josie stand . slam down the paper . josie we be not screw . yes , I make a mistake . but we will have a story . ( beat ) you will have a amazing story . josie exit . int . SUN time bullpen - continuous josie walk out of Gus 's office , continue , determine , towards the elevator . anita fall into step with she . anita josie ! josie , how would it go ? do he ream you ? josie yeah , but I be okay . I have get some work to do . anita you need my help ? josie no , thanks -- I be do this on my own . josie walk past merkin 's desk . she hold out she hand to merkin . josie merkin . highlighter . merkin slap a highlighter into she hand , she continue on . anita watch she go . ext . southglen high school - day josie , look quite the professional in stylish pantsuit and briefcase , bound up the step , two at a time . int . high school hallway - same josie walk down the hall , purposefully - she be on a mission . group of kid stop and stare at she , but this time , josie do not even notice . as josie round a corner , she come face to face with guy , who be at he locker . he look at she . she smile . and now it be guy that be nervous . he drop a pile of papers , try awkwardly to gather they . josie look at he - and for the first time we see it register on she face - this guy be just a seventeen - year - old kid . guy uh , hey , umm -- Ms. geller . this be totally embarrassing but my mom , she 's all worried about I get a job after graduation . she want I to ask you about like , a internship for I , at the Sun Times ? josie smile big . josie I will do what I can . and tell you mom not to worry - you will do o.k. josie continue down the hall . int . locker room - same the guy ' locker room . a bunch of guy be get dress after P. E. josie ( o.s. ) woman coming through ! cover up what you don't want see ! and with that josie come walk into the locker room , completely unruffled , and storm over to coach romano 's office , just as he be leave it . josie hi , coach romano , my name be josie geller , from the Chicago Sun Times listen , you know the local sport guy for the Sun Times , Jim lakin ? coach sure , every coach in the area try to get Jim to cover he team . josie put she arm around the coach , and lead he back into he own office . josie well , what would you say if I tell you that I could guarantee that Jim and every other reporter in the area would be at the game ? coach I would say you can have whatever the hell you want . josie smile , together they enter he office and close the door . int . josie' apartment - day josie sit at she disk , type on she laptop , engross . josie ( v.o. ) someone once tell I that to write well you have to write what you know . this be what I know . I be twenty five year old . I have never really kiss a guy . a geek to the core , most of my childhood year be spend do extra homework I request from the teacher . int . gus ' office - day Gus come in , snap on the light , sit at he desk , and open he newspaper . he pull out , the " life and style " section . and there it be . Front page - " never be kissed by josie geller . " there be three picture next to the article . one be josie at age 17 , one be she recent prom picture , and one be she as a normal , 25 yr. old adult . josie ( v.o. ) High school be more of the same . then , at seventeen , it seem as if my luck be about to change . the cutest guy in school ask I to senior prom - but it turn out he invite I as a cruel joke . I have never fully recover . int . SUN time luhchrooh - day anita and Cynthia read the article , in the staff lunch room , over a share bag of microwave popcorn . they be astound - josie ( v.o. ) yes , it be embarrassing to share this with the world . but it would be hard to explain what I learn , and how I learn it , without share this humiliate history . ext . a house - morning the Sun Times lie on the front mat . the door open ; we see a pair of bare foot . a hand reach down to grab the paper . we pan up to reveal Sam in all he depressed glory -- sweat , unshaven , bleary eye . josie ( v.o. ) I receive a assignment , my first as a reporter , to enroll in high school as a student , to gain some insight into kid today . understandably , return to high school be my worst nightmare . Sam shut the door . ext . southglen high school - day kid stream into school . josie ( v.o. ) what I find ? int . mrs . knox' ciassroom - day Mrs. knox , wear the sombrero , teach she class . josie ( v.o. ) there 's still that one teacher , who march to she own drummer - and in the back row , kirsten , Kristen and gibby be laugh a talk -- josie ( v.o. ) that girl be still there . the one that , even as you grow up , will still be the most beautiful girl that you have ever see close up . ext . baseball diamond - day the baseball team as they practice - josie ( v.o. ) the athlete - and the immense sense of fraternity and loyalty that they share - int . science lab - day aldy and the denominators - making smore over a bunson burner getting into a melted chocolate and marshmallow fight - and laughing hysterically - josie ( v.o. ) the smart kid . who everyone else always know as the brain . but who I just know as my soulmate , my teacher , my friend . ext . parking lot - day guy , tommy and jason , as they get out guy car , in the parking lot - josie ( v.o. ) and there 's still that one guy , the one who be so perfect in every way , from the muscle in he shoulder - ext . high school - day we focus in on guy , as he take the front step two at a time - josie ( v.o. ) - to the way he , in he own way , struggle to uphold tradition . southglen would not have be the same without he . High school would not be the same without he . I would not have be the same without he . int . high school hallway - day guy , he buddy , kirsten , kristen and gibby , sign yearbook , hang out by the locker - josie ( v.o. ) all of this thing make I miserable at seventeen . but at twenty five I finally see that this - all of this - be just the way it should be . it be all part of this thing - high school . a time in we life that we can never truly repeat . a time that shape we . a time that make we who we be , for year to come . ext . newsstand - day hand grab chicago SUN time at the newsstand - josie ( v.o. ) High school - go through it the first time - help make I who I be . but go there a second time make I see that who I be be o.k. I always want to be " in " , but seven year later , when they finally open the door , I somehow gain the confidence to stay outside , firmly , happily . ext . " EL " train platform - day about 75 % of the people have they life and style section open , read josie 's piece . josie ( v.o. ) this be not the article I be send in to write . this be the article I need to write . I live a lifetime of regret after my first high school experience , and now , after my second , my regret be down to one . int . sam' kitchen - morning the kitchen of a depressed guy -- empty pizza box next to a die plant . Sam pour milk into a bowl of lucky charm while he read the Sports section of the paper . josie ( v.o. ) a certain teacher be trample in my path to self - discovery , and though this article may serve as a step , it in no way make up for what I do to he . he 's not pay attention and the milk overflow the bowl , soaking the table . josie to this man , you know who you be , I be so sorry . he take the wet paper , use it like a sponge , he sop up the remain milk , and throw the paper into a open trash can . he leave the kitchen . we hold on the empty room . josie and , I would like to add one more thing - I think I be in love with you . ext . baseball , stadium parking lot '' night Cars begin to fill the parking lot in a steady stream . josie ( v.o. ) and so I propose this - as a end to this article , and , perhaps , as a end to this portion of my life . I , josie geller , will be at the State championship baseball game '' where my friend the southglen Rams be play for the title . ext . baseball field - night the southglen Rams baseball team minus Rob , be on the field , warming up . josie ( v.o. ) I will stand on the pitcher 's mound for the five minute prior to the first pitch . if this man accept my apology , I ask he to come to kiss I , in front of everyone , for my first real kiss . we find a nervous look josie stand in the dugout . josie five minute may seem like a short time , but trust I , when you have be wait twenty - five year , it 's usually the last five minute that kill you . cu : the picture taken of josie and SAM at the prom . josie ( v.o. ) I go back to high school and discover I be a loser , again . widen to reveal the picture on the fridge in -- int . sam' kitchen - evening Sam enter , still in sweat , carry a book . he open the fridge , grab a beer , shut it , be confront by josie 's picture . he take it down , look at it . josie and then I discover it be not so bad . I be not so bad . so , now that I be ready to start live the rest of my life , it would be magical if I could live the rest of it with he . Sam let the photo slowly drop from he hand into the trash . josie because inside everyone be a loser afraid to be love , and out there be the one person who can kiss we and make it all better . we follow Sam 's stare down into the trash and see the photo lie on top and to the side of josie 's article -- the photo from the article be clearly visible . angle on hot dog , popcorn changing hand be sell by the truckload at the stadium . the crowd be over capacity . Way over . people fill the parking lot , they cover every other inch of school grounds , as well . they stand on the roof of nearby building , they sit on top of they car . it look like most of Chicago be either already there , or on they way . some women hold sign for josie , other hold and wave she article . josie stick she head out of the dugout , and look out at the fan . tv reporter be everywhere , include several on the field . she look like she may faint . she duck back in . int . dugout - same the team be dress , ready , excited . anita and aldy stand next to josie . josie look up at the crowd , amaze . josie wow . it 's pack . anita it 's great ! they be behind you . they feel like they know you . aldy it 's romantic , what you be do , and they want to be a part of it . josie well I be so glad that you guy be . josie then start to hyperventilate . she put she head between she ankle . anita and aldy both grab the brown paper bag and hand it to josie . she hyperventilate into it . coach romano approach . josie put the bag down . coach sweet Jesus , geller - I have no idea there would be all this tv crew here . this thing 's gonna be on every station in the country . josie immediately begin hyperventilate into the bag again . coach you more than keep you end of the bargain . now go out there and get them . josie get up and he slap she on the ass . she hug aldy . then anita give josie a big hug , and will not let go . josie have to pull anita pull back . josie struggle to get out of the hug- anita will not let she . finally , they be both laugh . josie walk out of the dugout , and onto the field . ext . pitcher' mound - same she walk , alone , out to the pitcher 's mound , clutching a microphone . the crowd go berserk . she stand until they quiet . josie could I have five minute on the clock , please ? the scoreboard clock read 5:00 . josie stand , alone . ext . BOX seat '' same the staff from the Sun Times sit in box seat up front . rigfort join they , carry a huge load of hot dog . rigfort I get weiner . hot weiner . rigfort sit next to Gus . behind they sit brun , he hair finally grow in and Howard , now down to just a sling . rigfort I love this . Sun Times reader , out here , make a personal connection to one of we reporter . this be amazing , be not it ? Weiner ? Gus take a weiner . gus yeah , it be . rigfort ( study he weiner ) wait a minute ... rigfort pull something small and shiny out of the bun . rigfort there 's a bolt in my weiner . then he turn back to Howard and smile . rigfort hey Howard , what be you do for the next month ? Howard 's face fall . ext . pitcher' mound - same josie still stand there . the clock be down to 2:30 . she look over to the dugout . ext . bleacher - same the denominator talk and laugh . behind they , sit the march Band ext . pitcher' mound '' same josie force - a stoic smile . 1:00 be on the clock . ext . bleacher - same the cool crowd . guy , kirsten and the gang . they be try start the wave , but its not work . ext . pitcher' mound - same the clock read : 20 . ext . BOX seat - same the Sun Times box . anita clutches Gus 's hand for dear life have she eye squeeze tight . the crowd keep chant . ext . bleacher - same everyone - include all the denominator be on they foot , chant . aldy cheer the loudest . ext . stand - same the woman be on they foot , chant . ext . bleacher - same guy and the gang be on they foot . ext . pitcher' mound - same josie stand , clutching the mic . the clock read : 10. crowd ten - nine - EIGHT - seven - six - josie stand there , head still hold high . crowd five - four - three - two - josie steal a look to the dugout . no one be come out the door . crowd one !! josie make one more desperate look around . no one be run toward she . close up on josie , completely crestfallen . she drop the microphone . it reverb in the silent stadium . we pan across the crowd , all defeat . and then ... a commotion in the stand . Sam burst through the crowd . he run toward the mound . the crowd be on they foot . it feel like a lifetime before he reach josie , grab she , pull she close to he . SAM I tell you you could write , josie geller . josie I finally find my story . and they kiss passionately . the most amazing , most wait - for kiss in the history of man . a kiss that will last forever . int . dugout - same Rob be in he baseball uniform , cheer up a storm . across he chest be emblazon : " assistant coach " . ext . BOX seat - same anita be so thrilled , she reach over and plant a big one on Gus . she be surprised . so be he . they like it . ext . bleacher - same the denominator and aldy cheer they brain out . ext . bleacher - same guy , kirsten , etc. have finally succeed in start the wave . ext . pitcher' mound - same music up : the Beach boy " and then I kiss her " as josie and Sam continue to kiss as the camera pull up , take in the kiss , the crowd , the stadium ... camera spin up as firework go off above the stadium ... and we watch as the stadium become a speck against the glitter backdrop of Chicago . fade out : the end