never let I go screenplay by alex garland all rights reserve . '' copyright 2009 twentieth century Fox Film Corporation . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including any web site , without the prior written consent of twentieth century fox film corporation . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of ' the restriction set forth above . never let I go screenplay by Alex garland adapted from the novel by kazuo ishiguro shoot script issue 24 " March 2009 '' DNA film Limited 2009 production Office : 1st floor unit 9 , safestore Business Centre 15 Greek Street ingate place , London w1d 4dp London sw8 3 ns OPEN on : black screen kathy ( v.o. ) my name be Kathy . cuT to - ext . field - early evening Long shadow as the sun go down . a field , by a road , line with a fence . snag in the barb wire be hundred of plastic bag . refuse and litter , blow by the wind , until they be catch . kathy ( v.o. ) I be twenty six year old , and I have be a carer now for seven year . by the road , a car be park up against the grass verge . stand by the car , a young woman with blonde hair , kathy , look towards the field . kathy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my donor have always tend to do better than expect . they be hardly ever classified as agitate , even before a fourth donation . cuT to - int . observation room - the same woman , kathy , stand at the window of a observation room . she be absentmindedly twist a metal bracelet on she wrist , which be featureless except for a imprint seven digit number . through the glass , she be watch nurse and surgeon prepping a twenty six year - old man for operation . tommy . shoot script 24th MARCH p 2 . kathy ( v.o. ) I be not try to boast . it mean a lot to I , be able to do my work well . int . operating chamber tommy be in the process of be sedate . he also wear a metal bracelet . beside he , a anesthetist be insert a drip into he arm . kathy ( v.o. ) especially keep the donor calm . int . observation room tommy turn he head to look at kathy . they lock gaze be hold for a beat . then kathy nod . very slight . as if to say : it 's okay . tommy continue look a moment longer . then the anesthetist 's drug take a hold of he . second , he eye have go heavy , then close . kathy ( v.o. ) anyway , I be not make any great claim for myself . back to - ext . field - early evening in a few the plastic bag in the barb wire snap and rustle in the wind . kathy ( v.o. ) I understand how other carer can be resentful . they say : she 's from hailsham . no wonder she have a great record . she can pick and choose she own kind . as we close in on kathy , lean against the car , she hair catch and whipped in the same wind ... «+. fade in the sound of child play . shoot script 24th MARCH p3 . kathy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and it 's true . hailsham be special . we be lucky . Tommy , Ruth , I . all of we . cuT to - ext . hailsham - day hailsham school : a large victorian house , set in flat , empty countryside . the sky above be bright blue and cloudless . the sun be bright . it be a idyll of early summer . the extensive grounds of the school be surround by high hedgerow . nothing seem to connect it with the rest of the world except a single grey ribbon of road . title : never let I go the title be not see , but be spoken by tommy . after a few second , a title do appear on the screen . part 1 : hailsham ext . hailsham ground - day in sunlight , two girl , age twelve , lie on they belly on a patch in front of the main house . both wear the metal bracelet - as do all student at hailsham , and all other facility like it . the grass be strewn with daisy . one girl have blonde hair . this be kathy . the other be dark . this be RUTH . kathy be interlock the stem of the small flower , frown in concentration , make a daisy chain . RUTH I think one day I would like ... shoot script 24th MARCH p 4 . RUTH pause . think a moment . RUTH ( cont 'd ) four horse . ( beat ) no , five . Thunder , bramble , daffodil , and ... RUTH trail off . RUTH ( cont 'd ) I do not know all they name . but I would like five horse . ( beat ) the best would be Thunder . he would be dangerous to ride , so you can not ride he . you can ride bramble . ( beat ) as long as you do not use you crop on he . kathy I would not anyway . I would have think that 's mean . kathy make the last link . she lift the daisy chain delicately . RUTH pretty . kathy you have it . kathy place it over RUTH 's blonde hair ... «+. where it look like it belong . RUTH «+. look . kathy follow RUTH 's gaze . by the entrance of the main house , two woman have appear . one be older , in she mid sixty . this be miss emily , the head guardian of hailsham . the other be young , in she late twenty . RUTH ( cont 'd ) who 's that with miss Emily ? do you think it 's the new guardian they be tell we about ? 8a 10 shoot script 24th MARCH p5 . kathy miss Lucy . I think it must be . RUTH we have not have a new guardian for age . a moment , as the two girl watch the two woman , squinting against the bright sunlight . RUTH ( cont 'd ) I wonder if she will fit in . cuT to - ext . hailsham day - day a group of boy in they pe kit , run through a outdoor cover walkway , watch by a cctv camera - ext . playing field - day - then onto the play field , watch by ... ext . ornate gate - continuous «+. a group of girl , watch from the shade of a large ornate gate near the main building . the girl be join by kathy and RUTH . LAURA Ruth . kath . look - they be go to set off Tommy . amanda Light blue touch paper and stand well back ! 8a 10 on the play field , we see the boy they be refer to . tommy . RUTH he really do not suspect a thing . the girl all laugh - - except kathy . kathy watch tommy with slight concern . 11 shoot script 24th MARCH pé6. kathy he 's get he shirt on ... his favourite polo shirt . from they vantage point , the girl can now see the boy have start lining up . two captain have step forward and be about to start pick team . one of the two captain be arthur , a sporty boy who feel as Alpha male as Tommy feel Delta . the captain start choose team member . tommy stand - almost a comical figure , puffing out he chest in order to make himself stand out . the other boy be noticeably less keen . chatt , or check the tightness of they boot lace . even from a distance , we can sense tommy 's shift from bright eagerness to puzzle concern , as four boy be choose before he ... then five ... six ... RUTH it 's come . hold on ... any moment now ... «+. until eventually tommy be leave stand alone . realising he have not be pick . and be not go to be pick . the boy all start sniggering . RUTH ( cont 'd ) Seven second . six , five , four , three ... and suddenly - before RUTH 's countdown can complete - tommy explode . head be throw back . Bright red . shake . scream . the boy be now laugh openly - - then start to run away , on to the football pitch . leave tommy alone , direct he rage at the clear blue sky , arm and leg oddly rigid . ext . playing field - continuous 11 deleted 12 13 shoot script 24th MARCH p7 . ext . ornate gate - continuous 12 the girl watch , a mixture of transfix and absently amused by this strange sight . RUTH I suppose it be a bit cruel , the way they work he up like that . but it 's he own fault . if he learn to keep he cool , they would leave he alone . RUTH look to kathy , as if for approval - - but do not get it . kathy have stand , and be walk away from the gate towards tommy . ext . playing field - continuous 13 kathy approach tommy , who be panting from the exertion of he tantrum , still gaze up at the sky . kathy put a hand on tommy 's arm - - and tommy recoil violently , throw he arm up , knock she hand aside and strike the side of she face . the strike be a accident - a reaction of surprise and confusion more than anger - but tommy seem even more shocked than kathy by what he have do . a beat . kathy be not that you favourite shirt ? tommy say nothing . kathy ( cont 'd ) I just want to say , you should not play football in that shirt . you 'il only cover it in mud . tommy ( mumble , a little stunne ) so what ? it 's nothing to do with you anyway . tommy start to walk away . kathy watch he go . 14 15 shoot script 24th MARCH ps . ext . ornate gate - continuous 14 * kathy rejoin the girl , who be come out of the pavilion , and make a outrage fuss over she . LAURA be you all right , kath ? RUTH I can not believe he hit you ! kathy I do not think he mean to . RUTH be you bleed ? kathy no . RUTH he 's a animal . that 's what I think . kathy do not respond , and instead look back to the play field . where she see tommy - - stand on the edge of the play field , talk to the new guardian , miss lucy . tommy and miss lucy be too distant for we to hear they conversation , but we can read some of the body language , * when miss lucy reach out and touch he lightly on the * shoulder . * whatever miss lucy be say , tommy be listen intently . * RUTH ( cont 'd ) * a mad animal . int . corridor - day 15 Children be line to enter the matron 's office for a medical examination . the child be neatly line , but chat , and unconcern . this examination be completely routine . at the head of the queue be kathy , RUTH and amanda . a group of three child exit matron 's office , follow by matron herself . 16 17 shoot script 24th MARCH po . matron next . int . matron 's office - continuous 16 kathy , RUTH and amanda be be examine by the matron , and two male doctor . the presence of the two doctor , and some high - tech piece of medical equipment , feel unnatural . one of the doctor be listen to RUTH 's chest with a stethoscope . amanda stand in front of the second doctor , with she arm raise . the man be use he hand to feel around she bare torso , as if look for lump tumour or sensitivity . matron be examine kathy , make note on a clipboard head : kathy h she tilt kathy 's head to the side , frown slightly at the slight bruise from where tommy accidentally strike she . matron what 's this from ? kathy ( shrug ) do not remember . matron Doctor . the first doctor glance round from RUTH . he peer at kathy 's bruise critically . for a beat or two longer than would seem appropriate for such a small contusion . doctor it 's nothing . just a bump . int . art room - day 17 a group of the hailsham student be in the art room , quietly work on painting and sculpture . in the corner of the room , another of they guardian , miss geraldine , be help two of the child mix paint colour . at she table , kathy work on a sculpture . shoot script 24th MARCH plo . meanwhile , RUTH pointedly lean over to the table beside they , where tommy be work . RUTH Tommy . what be you do ? show we so we can have a look . kathy ( quiet , to Ruth ) no , Ruth . do not . tommy look up from he draw , and see a semi-circle of face look back at he . a beat , as he return they gaze . then he spin the picture round so that it face they . RUTH oh ! it 's a - ( she feign uncertainty ) - what be it exactly ? amanda I think it must be a dog . be it a dog , Tommy ? one of the boy , arthur - who have be one of the team - picker from the play field - join in . arthur it can not be a dog . its eye be too small . I think it must be a kind of rat . amanda yes ! that 's it ! Tommy 's draw a rat . Ruth , do you think Tommy 's rat will be select for the gallery ? RUTH I do not know . why do not we ask miss geraldine to come over and tell we what she think ? close up on tommy 's face - flush . tommy it 's not finish yet . arthur that 's right . you need to draw the whisker . tommy it 's not a rat . 17a shoot script 24th MARCH pll . amanda and a longer tail . tommy ( voice rise ) it 's not a rat ! on the other side of the room , the raise voice make miss geraldine 's head turn . RUTH ( whisper ) here it come ! the kid goad tommy wait expectantly . then tommy speak . and the calmness have return to he voice . tommy it 's not a rat . ( beat ) it 's a elephant . he spin the picture back to face he , and continue to work on it . RUTH and amanda exchange a slightly puzzle glance - - but let it go , because miss geraldine be now walk over to they table ... .+. and the kid return to they respective work . int . miss lucy 's study - day 17a in she small study , miss lucy be write at she desk . kathy appear in the doorway . miss lucy seem unaware . kathy miss Lucy . miss lucy look up . then smile . miss lucy hello . kathy Kathy . Kathy H. shoot script 24th MARCH pl2 . miss lucy yes , of course . Kathy H. come in . kathy take a step into miss lucy 's office . miss lucy ( cont ’d ) what can I do for you ? kathy I be wonder what you say to Tommy . miss lucy do not seem to follow . perhaps have to remember exactly who tommy be . miss lucy I be sorry ? kathy you say something to Tommy . out on the play field . and whatever it be , it 's have quite a effect on he . miss lucy I see . bemuse , but see the seriousness in kathy 's face , miss lucy make a effort to be precise . miss lucy ( cont ’d ) so - what be it I say ? I believe I be try to calm he down , because he seem so upset . and he explain that he be often tease about thing like sport , and art . so I tell he that he should not get upset at this thing . the other child be only teasing he to get a reaction . ( beat ) and if it happen that he be not particularly good at sport or art , well - it do not matter . it 's not so important . kathy frown . kathy not so important . miss lucy shrug , almost as if to shrug off the intense gaze of the little girl in front of she . 18 19 shoot script 24th MARCH p 13 . miss lucy no . not really . int . refectory - day 18 lunch , in hailsham 's refectory . trays contain compartment fill with extremely overcooked food . grey meat and fade vegetable . the kid take the trays from the food trolley , then take seat at long refectory table . kathy be carry she tray with RUTH , amanda and LAURA . she see tommy . as the other girl move forward with they trays ... ... kathy hang back . int . refectory - day 19 tommy sit at a table with a few space around he . we can sense he be use to eat alone . not least from the surprise in he face when he look up , and see kathy take the seat opposite he . tommy Kathy . ( awkward ) be not you sit with the girl ? kathy look around , as if half expect to find the girl either side of she . then she look back at tommy . kathy I just check , and I be pretty sure I be not sit with the girl . I be sit with you . tommy smile . tommy I want to say I be sorry . I do not mean to hit you when - ( he break off ) I mean , I would not want to hit any girl . but particularly not you . shoot script 24th MARCH pl4 . kathy well . it be a accident , that 's all . * a pass guardian , miss geraldine , glance at tommy 's * plate . at the collection of over - boil carrot , not eat as yet . miss geraldine * Tommy . finish that vegetable . miss geraldine move on . * kathy leave a calculate pause . kathy so ... you do not lose you temper when they be teasing you earlier . in the art room . tommy nod seriously . tommy I be not go to get angry like that any more . kathy because of what miss Lucy tell you . tommy you notice everything , do not you , kath ? kathy I be nosy . tommy ( smile ) you be . at this moment , the seat immediately beside tommy and kathy be take by some kid come over with they trays . about to reply , tommy seem to think the better of it - apparently uncomfortable about they conversation be overhear . tommy ( cont 'd ) * why do not we talk about it at the pond . 20 shoot script 24th MARCH pls . ext . pond - day 20 at the back of hailsham , tuck away in the grounds , be a large pond surround by bulrush and over-hang tree . hailsham be reflect in the water . it 's quiet . feel private . tommy sit on a large flat rock , with kathy beside he . beat . kathy she can not actually mean that be creative be not important , can she ? tommy that 's exactly what she mean . she say some child be good at thing , and some be not . so if I be not creative , there be nothing wrong with it . kathy but what about the gallery ? if be creative be not important , then why have a gallery at all ? tommy I do not know . ( beat ) the funny thing be , even though I do not understand what she 's say , it help . I have stop feel so angry about thing , because - ( shrug ) - whatever I be do wrong , or do worse than the rest of you , it be not my fault . tommy ( cont 'd ) I think this should not be spread , okay ? it 's not the kind of thing that should get around , because miss Lucy be a new guardian . kathy yes . from the litter and detritus be collect at the edge of the pond , CUT to - 21 22 23 24 25 26 shoot script 24th MARCH pl6é. int . theatre - day 21 - a scene from a anonymous film . Black and white , from the thirty , forty or fifty . the scene be a caperish moment of chase , or slapstick ... +. which be be watch , with delight , by kathy , tommy , RUTH , arthur , LAURA , and all other student in they year . as the moment of slapstick resolve , the kid all shout : student again , again ! the scene be rewound , and begin again . int . corridor - day 22 we follow miss geraldine down a corridor . miss geraldine be carry a large stack of papers - drawing and painting by the student from the artroom . int . outside billiard room - continuous 23 miss geraldine carry the artwork into the billiard room , where we glimpse miss emily and two other guardian . one of the guardian close the door behind miss geraldine ... .-. on kathy and RUTH , who be in the corridor outside . int . hailsham - continuous 24 we now follow kathy and RUTH , as they run through the school . int . hailsham / back door - continuous 25 as they run out the back door , they hold out they wrist to swipe they metal bracelet against a featureless metal box , attach to the wall . the metal box give a electronic bleep in acknowledgment . ext . hailsham - continuous 26 kathy and RUTH continue run , head around the side of the building ... 27 28 29 30 shoot script 24th MARCH pl7 . +. then up onto a low flower - bed wall , which allow they to peer through the window of the billiard room . where they can see miss emily , miss geraldine , and two other guardian . they be lay out painting , draw and sculpture on table and easel . through the glass , we can faintly hear miss emily . miss emily put this two together . yes ... perfect . I think she will find this one very interesting . RUTH ( quiet , to Kathy ) Madame be come . ext . hailsham - night 27 a constellation in the night sky above hailsham . int . girl 's bathroom - night 28 deleted . int . outside girl 's dormitory - continuous 29 deleted . int . girl 's dormitory - night 30 row of bed in the girl 's dormitory . beside each bed , a beside table . and on each bedside table , a collection . kathy 's collection mainly consist of book , and RUTH 's collection be model horse . kathy be lie in she bed , look at the ceiling . think . after a couple of moment , she look to she side . in the next bed be RUTH , whose eye be close . kathy Ruth . shoot script 24th MARCH pls . no response . kathy ( cont 'd ) Ruth . be you awake ? RUTH no. I be asleep . and this be the dream I be have . kathy why do you think Madame come and take we artwork ? what 's it for exactly ? RUTH 's eye open . RUTH it 's for the Gallery . kathy but that 's what I mean . she come here - what , twice a year - and select we best picture and sculpture and poem . and take they away . ( beat ) she must have stack of art by now . I ask miss geraldine once how long Madame 's be come here , and she say for as long as hailsham 's exist . kathy roll over , to face RUTH . kathy ( cont 'd ) so what be this Gallery ? and why would she have a gallery of thing do by we ? RUTH maybe she sell they . outside , out there , they sell everything . kathy maybe . a moment of silence , as both kathy and RUTH contemplate this thought . then : RUTH she 's scared of we . kathy frown , and prop herself up in bed . 31 shoot script 24th MARCH kathy Madame ? RUTH yes . kathy that 's a strange thing to say . RUTH shrug . beat . beat . RUTH I use to think she be just snooty , but now I know different . kathy I do not understand . how could Madame be scared of we ? what could we do to she ? RUTH I do not know . I do not think we could do anything . but I have be remember she last visit . kathy and ? RUTH I do not know . Little thing . the way she look at we . RUTH ( cont 'd ) she 's scared all right . RUTH ( cont 'd ) I bet I could prove it . kathy «+. how ? ext . hailsham - day we watch as , from a distance , a lone car approach pl9 . hailsham , along a ribbon of road through the surround field . 31 32 33 shoot script 24th MARCH p 20 . int . window - day 32 kathy , RUTH , amanda , LAURA , and the five other girl stand in the shadow of hailsham 's front doorway , watch the car approach . ext . driveway - day 33 the car pull up on the gravel courtyard of hailsham , and park . the driver , madame , exit the car , then go around to the boot - - which she open . Inside be she luggage - a small overnight bag . she take it out , close the boot , then turn - - and start . because surround she , in a tight circle , be the nine girl . there be stand several foot away , not move . just look at madame . a beat . frozen and uncertain for madame . then she start to walk . and almost as soon as she do so - - the child start to walk too . move straight for she . make she stop again in she track , and hold the overnight bag to she chest . in a slightly stiff , glaze way , the girl each murmur , dream - like - girl Excuse I , miss . - as they pass she . then they separate , each walk in different direction ... «+. leave madame alone . it 's a very odd moment . surreal . but it reveal exactly what RUTH say it would . 34 35 36 shoot script 24th MARCH p2l . madame 's reaction be as if she be suppress a shudder . a kind of dread in she eye , look at the child as if they be spider . as she be afraid they might reach out and touch she . ext . hailsham - day 34 around the side of the building , the girl reconvene . one of the girl , LAURA , look particularly shake and close to tear . RUTH you see it , do not you ? in she face . you all see it . amanda yes . RUTH there 's no doubt . Kathy . kathy ( confirm ) no doubt . LAURA if she do not like we , why do she want we artwork ? why do not she just leave we alone ? the response from the other be silence . there seem to be no answer to this question . int . girl 's dorm - day 35 kathy be alone , gaze at herself in a wall - length mirror . over this , we start to hear the hailsham school song . int . assembly hall - day 36 the school song lead we to the main hall , where it be be sung by the student of hailsham , who stand in row for morning assembly . there be about eighty of they , of age range from five to eighteen . two young child be whisper until they be silence by a frown from the head guardian , miss emily . when the song have finish , miss emily prepare to address they from a lectern on a raise stage . shoot script 24th MARCH p22 . behind she , the other guardian stand , and among they be madame . miss emily good morning , student . the student good morning , miss Emily . miss emily there be several point of order today . the first be that Madame Marie - Claude be visit we today , and will be examine you work . miss emily turn to acknowledge madame , who nod in reply . miss emily ( cont ’d ) we will of course extend she every curtesy , and make she feel most welcome . miss emily pause a moment . miss emily ( cont ’d ) second point of order . it have come to my attention that three burn cigarettes be discover , hide behind a pot in the flower garden . miss lucy hold up a glass jam jar , contain the offend cigarette butt . miss emily ( cont ’d ) I know that on occasion student have see some of the caretaker or delivery man smoking cigarettes . but I must emphasise , once again , that it be much , much worse for a student of hailsham to smoke than anyone else . I should not have to explain that student of hailsham be special . keeping yourselves well , keep yourselves healthy inside , be of paramount importance . have I make myself clear ? the student yes , miss Emily . miss emily good. ( beat ) ( more ) 37 shoot script 24th MARCH p 23 . miss emily ( cont 'd ) and finally , I have a piece of good news for all student who have be diligent in collect token . at the end of study tomorrow , there will be a sale . this piece of news create a immediate buzz of excitement in the student - - quietened by miss emily raise a hand . miss emily ( cont ’d ) the delivery will arrive in the morning . and I be assure by the van driver that the box would contain ... miss emily pause deliberately , raise the student 's expectation . miss emily extend the pause , then allow a slight smile to creep into the corner of she mouth . miss emily ( cont ’d ) «+. a bumper crop . the assembly hall erupt with the student 's cheer . int . theatre - later five student appear to be rehearse a play , watch by miss lucy . among the student on the stage be kathy , tommy , and LAURA . watch from the seat be the rest of kathy 's year , include RUTH and amanda . there be a few prop on the stage . a table , trays , plate . all other object in the rehearsal - cash register , milk , sugar - be mime . kathy be on one side of the table , play the roll of a cashier , and the other be queuing for the till . LAURA be first in line . tommy be behind she . kathy good morning , mar ‘am . LAURA good morning . kathy can I help you ? 37 shoot script 24th MARCH p 24 . LAURA I want two teas . milk in one tea , and milk and sugar in the other . kathy two teas . right . kathy turn behind she and mime pour milk into two mug . then she hand the non-existent mug to LAURA . LAURA you forget the sugar . the student in the seat laugh . kathy roll she eye , and mime add sugar . LAURA move on . tommy , behind LAURA , miss he cue to move forward . miss lucy prompt he . miss lucy Tommy . tommy snap to focus , step forward and blurt : tommy two teas . milk in one , and milk and sugar in the other . miss lucy no , Tommy . I want to hear you own order . do not simply repeat the one you just hear . tommy look back miss lucy blankly . miss lucy ( cont ’d ) what other kind of drink do they serve in cafe ? pause . tommy Water ? some of the kid in the audience laugh . RUTH heckles from the front row . RUTH a drink you pay for , you oaf . 38 shoot script 24th MARCH p 25 . kathy ( whisper ) coffee . tommy ( to miss Lucy ) coffee . miss lucy so then . tommy shoot kathy a grateful smile . tommy ( to Kathy ) two coffee . milk in one , and milk and sugar in the other . as kathy mime the drink : miss emily ( 0.s. ) once lubrication be establish , the penis be insert thus . CUT to - int . classroom - day 38 - a skeleton , lie on a desk , with leg spread . a long wooden ruler be insert between the leg , into what would be the vaginal open to the hip bone cavity . the ruler be be hold by miss emily . miss emily the appropriate friction between penis and vagina should result in orgasm for both party . watch miss emily , fascinate , but not convulse in either amusement or embarrassment , be kathy 's class . miss emily ( cont ’d ) what constitute appropriate friction will vary accord to the physiology of the sexual partner . miss emily use she hand to raise the skeleton 's hip . 39 shoot script 24th MARCH p 26 . miss emily ( cont ’d ) here , I be illustrate how - by arching she back , or perhaps with the aid of a pillow - the woman can arrange herself to create the precise kind of friction she require . miss emily release the skeleton 's hip and turn to the class . miss emily ( cont ’d ) the various position and pleasure of intercourse must not blind you , however , to its inherent danger . you be already aware of sexually transmit disease , which can wreak havok on otherwise perfectly healthy body . miss emily pause a moment , distract by a stray think pattern . then : miss emily ( cont ’d ) but some danger be more complex and insidious . sex affect the emotion in way you can never expect . and we can not legislate for that which we do not expect . beat . miss emily ( cont ’d ) unavoidably , such emotion remain out of we full control . cur to - ext . playing field - day 39 - arthur swinging a rounder bat , and connect with the ball , which have be pitch by kathy . the ball arc high up into the air , towards the outfield ... .+. where tommy be field . kathy catch it , Tommy ! tommy track the ball , walk backwards , look for the catch . as it drop down , he reach for it . 40 4l shoot script 24th MARCH p 27 . and miss it . the ball fly over he head , bounce as it hit the ground , and bounce on towards the far perimeter of the play field ... .+. where it pass a wire fence , only waist high , and come to rest in the long grass , two or three metre further on . tommy approach the boundary fence . he see the ball , but make no attempt to reach it . cur to - - miss lucy , stand with the bat team . * the bat team be watch arthur be victory lap , cheer . but miss lucy , she expression unreadable , be watch tommy ... .+. who now turn from the ball , and start jogging back to the game . int . pavilion - day 40 deleted . * int . girl 's changing room - continuous 41 * miss lucy be watch the girl get change from they * white . * after a couple of moment , she glance out of the change room , where , down the corridor , she can see the female guardian - who seem to be in conversation with a boy who be out of we line of sight . miss lucy look back to the girl . then , with a discretely enforce casualness , ask : miss lucy why do not Tommy get the ball ? RUTH and kathy , who be close to she , look up . kathy notice that miss lucy 's hand be tremble . RUTH Excuse I , miss Lucy ? the other shoot script 24th MARCH p 28 . miss lucy why do not Tommy get the ball . when it bounce over the fence . it could not have be far from he . girl have now tune in to this exchange , and all look at miss lucy , confuse . miss lucy kathy the fence be the boundary of the hailsham grounds . RUTH why take the risk ? miss lucy -.. what risk ? LAURA we do not go outside the boundary , miss Lucy . it 's too dangerous . miss lucy dangerous . RUTH there be once a boy who have a big row with all he friend , and run off beyond the boundary . and they find he two day later in the wood , tie to a tree . amanda with he hand and foot cut off . LAURA Dead . look shocked . miss lucy and when be this suppose to have happen ? LAURA it be before we all get here . amanda but only just before . RUTH and there be the girl who climb over the fence by the front gate . + % + of 4laa 41a shoot script 24th MARCH p 29 . miss lucy what happen to she ? RUTH she climb over to see what it be like outside . LAURA this be in the older day , when the guardian be much stricter . before miss Emily . RUTH and when she try to get back , she be not allow . but she keep hang around outside , plead , and they still would not let she in . and then she starve out there , right by the gate . beat . miss lucy who tell you this storey ? RUTH everybody know they . miss lucy and how do you know they be true ? RUTH shrug . RUTH of course they be true . RUTH glance to kathy , as if for confirmation . kathy be tie up she shoelace . RUTH ( cont 'd ) who would make up storey as horrible as that ? int . shower room - continuous 4laa deleteddeleted ext . forest - day 41a deleted . + + HH fh of hhh * * * 42 44 shoot script 24th MARCH int . art room - day deleted . int . girl 's dormitory - night - kathy 's face . reveal she 's in she bed . RUTH and kathy be the only girl awake . they be moonlit . kathy lie on she back , gaze at the ceiling . RUTH lie on she side , gaze at kathy . beat . beat . RUTH have you hear the rumour ? RUTH ( cont 'd ) there 's a rumour go round . start by some of the older kid . something about boyfriend and girlfriend . apparently they can get preferential treatment when they leave hailsham . kathy what sort of preferential treatment ? RUTH I do not know . just that it 's something to do with couple . kathy there be always storey go round . like the storey about kid who leave the boundary . it be obvious miss Lucy do not believe that for a minute . RUTH I think Laura like Arthur . kathy all the girl like Arthur , do not they ? p30 . 42 * 44 + ok + % 44 n 44b shoot script 24th MARCH p3l . RUTH maybe. ( beat ) I be not sure you do . kathy he 's not my type . a load beat . then : RUTH Tommy 's change . kathy change how ? RUTH just change . that 's all . a moment of silence . RUTH ( cont 'd ) I think Laura and Arthur will be the first in we year to have sex , because if Arthur want to , Laura would not stop he . kathy I be sure you be right . RUTH right about Laura would not stop he , or right about they be the first to have sex ? kathy roll over on she side , and close she eye . kathy both , I be sure . RUTH stay in the same position , eye remain open , watch kathy . ext . forest - day 444a kathy be tie to a tree . her hand and foot have be cut off . CUT to - int . girl 's dormitory - night 44b kathy be eye flick open . waking from she dream . 44 c 45 46 47 shoot script 24th MARCH p32 . ext . outside girl 's dormitory - morning 44c in the corridor outside the girl 's dormitory , a long table hold a line of milk - fill glass . beside each glass be a small pill cup . a guardian be move down the table , put three pill in each cup . behind , a line of girl wait to take they morning cocktail of medication . ext . hailsham - morning 45 by the front entrance , a delivery truck have pull up on the gravel driveway . from the back , two delivery men in overall be unload box . various kid be watch they , intensely curious , but keep a appropriate distance . among the kid be kathy , RUTH and tommy . one of the young kid , a girl about eight or nine year old , call to one of the delivery men : girl be it really a bumper crop ? one of the delivery men look round . see the kid face . delivery man I have say so , sweetheart . a bumper crop . int . hailsham - day 46 a school bell be ringing . over the ringing , we can hear exite shout , and laughter . int . school corridor - continuous 47 we pick up kathy run down a corridor in hailsham - - be tug along by RUTH 's hand . and we see that they be at the head of a large group of child , who be also run ... 48 shoot script 24th MARCH p33 . «+. and be join by other child , stream out of classroom and side corridor . tommy be ahead of they . we lose kathy and RUTH and tommy in the mass of kid ... ++. and track the mass of child through the school . out of the corridor ... up the stair ... along another corridor ... until they explode into the - int . sale room - continuous 48 - sale room , where the sale be now underway . the refectory table double as stall , with the sale item laid out along they . the oldest child work as monitor , stand behind the table , exchange token for goods , and keep they highly excited young customer under control . we track along one refectory table , see the excited face and grab hand of the kid on the other side , as they pick the sale item up , search for the best stuff at the best price . and we finally see the sale item themselves - - which reveal themselves to be the kind of thing one might find in a junk shop , or a car- boot sale . nothing new , nothing complete . toy out of the they box . watch with no clasp on the strap . the top half of a track -suit . football boot without lace . among the kid , we see the face of child we have already meet , include RUTH , tommy , arthur , LAURA , and amanda . we pick up tommy , who have find something , but we can not see what it be . he pay a guardian in token . to the side , another guardian note down on a clipboard what the kid be purchase . 49 49k shoot script 24th MARCH p34 . int . sale room - continuous 49 * we pick up kathy at the back of the throng , gaze at miss lucy . there be a freeze quality to miss lucy 's expression . miss lucy be see what we be see - that the object of the child 's enthusiasm be worthless . in front of miss lucy , we catch two of the child have a slightly giddy exchange . arthur have find a book on acting technique of the stage and screen arthur acting techniques of the stage and screen . it 's all the trick of the trade . LAURA it 's perfect ! everyone know you be a natural for act . arthur if I be really serious about it , I would have to go to America to have the best chance . kathy watch miss lucy for a moment . hear the conversation . then turn , and start move away from the table , not towards they . int . corridor - continuous 49a * kathy sit in the corridor outside the sale room , where * chair have be stack to make room . * she choose one , and sit . * a moment . then : tommy hey . kathy turn , and see tommy beside she . tommy ( cont 'd ) be not you buy ? if you have already spend all you token , you can have some of mine ... shoot script 24th MARCH p35 . kathy I have token . ( beat ) I ’'1l wait until the rush have die down a bit . I be sure something good will be leave . beat . tommy what 's the matter , kath ? ever since we conversation the other day , you have be a bit out of sort . kathy consider this a moment . and she gaze catch sight of miss lucy talk to miss geraldine on the other side of the hall . a short silence . tommy ( cont 'd ) well anyway . it do not matter if you can not find anything in the sale - tommy reach into he pocket . tommy ( cont 'd ) - because I already find something for you . he produce a cassette tape . on the cover , it read : song after Dark , by Judy bridgewater . the cover show a woman , presumably the singer , wear a off- the-shoulder purple satin dress . there be palm tree behind she , and a black waiter in a white tuxedo be bring she a drink . a cigarette burn in she hand . ccut to - - kathy 's response . genuine surprise and delight . kathy a music tape ? tommy I do not know much about it . if it 's much good or anything . kathy lean forward and give tommy a kiss on the cheek . 50 shoot script 24th MARCH p36 . kathy thank you ! from the expression on tommy 's face , this be clearly worth the token . int . girl 's dormitory - sunset 50 kathy be alone in the girl 's dormitory . outside the window , the light be a deep yellow from sunset , and it bathes the room . Dust mote hang in light shaft . kathy have the tape that tommy give she , and she be insert into a cassette player that the girl in that room share . she press play - - and a song start . it 's a slow ballad . the singer , Judy bridgewater , be american . kathy be immediately transport by the sound . she react as if it be the saddest , most beautiful song she have ever hear . as the song move into its second verse , kathy pick up a small pillow from one of the bed , and hold it close to she chest , as she start to sway in time to the music . by the time the second chorus come around , she have learn the melody , and pick up the repeat lyric of the chorus : baby , never let I go . her eye close , and she start to mouth this word ... ++. until the short song be over . as the noise from the cassette player return to the hiss between music track , kathy open she eye , as if waking from a dream - - to find herself look at madame , frame in the doorway of the dormitory . both kathy and madame be freeze in the act of see each other . but whereas kathy 's expression be simple surprise , madame have tear pour down she face . 51 52 53 54 shoot script 24th MARCH p37 . in fact , she be sobbing . a beat later , madame turn , quickly , and leave . and she hurried footstep disappear down the corridor . ext . hailsham - day , rain 51 the next day . rain fall from a slate sky . ext . pond - continuous 52 a low mist of explode water droplet lie over the pond surface . ext . window - continuous 53 miss lucy look out of a half open window at the rain . int . classroom - continuous 54 rain blow through the half open window . it collect on the interior windowsill , and drip onto the floor . behind miss lucy , a map of the UK be pull down over the blackboard . it shudder in the wind . reveal miss lucy 's class . kathy , RUTH , tommy , arthur , LAURA , amanda , and the other of that year . all seat at they desk . there be a odd electricity in the air . the child do not know what miss lucy be about to say . but they sense it be seismic . so they sit , and wait . until she speak . miss lucy I do not think I can keep silent anymore . if no one else will talk to you , I will . the wind from the open window blow a couple of papers off she desk . as they drift to the floor , tommy , in the front row , make a move to pick they up . shoot script 24th MARCH p38 . miss lucy ( cont ’d ) no , Tommy - please . I just want you all to listen . tommy slide back into he seat . beat . silence . on arthur . beat . beat . miss lucy ( cont ’d ) the problem be that you have be tell , and not tell . that be what I have see while I have be here . you have be tell , but none of you really understand . so I have decide I 'il talk to you in a way that you will understand . miss lucy ( cont ’d ) do you know what happen to child when they grow up ? miss lucy ( cont ’d ) no - you do not . because nobody know . miss lucy ( cont ’d ) they might grow up to become actor , and move to America . or they might work in supermarket , or teach in school . they might become sportsman , or bus conductor , or racing car driver . they might do almost anything . miss lucy ( cont ’d ) but with you , we do know . none of you will go to America . none of you will work in supermarket . none of you will do anything , except live out the life that have already be set out for you . miss lucy ( cont ’d ) you will become adult , but only briefly . before you be old , before you be even middle - age , you will start to donate you vital organ . ( more ) 55 56 shoot script 24th MARCH p39 . miss lucy ( cont 'd ) that 's what you be create to do . and some time around you third or fourth donation , you short life will be complete . miss lucy turn back to the window . miss lucy ( cont ’d ) you have to know who you be , and what you be . it 's the only way you will lead decent life . end on the reaction of the kid . stun . not certain what to say , or do . except remain lock to they seat , and wait for the moment to go away . apart from tommy , who now reach down , pick up the fall papers , and hand they to miss lucy . CUT to - ext . hailsham - day 55 - the view across the grounds to the school . kathy ( v.o . ) it surprise I to think that miss Lucy be only actually with we at hailsham for a few week . not really very long at all . beat . kathy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) yet by the time she leave , everything be different somehow . int . assembly hall - day 56 the hailsham student stand in the assembly hall . RUTH and tommy be stand beside each other . kathy be one row back . miss emily address the student from the lectern . miss emily I have only one announcement this morning , which be to say that miss Lucy , who be guardian to the fourth year student , be no longer work at hailsham . shoot script 24th MARCH p4o . a shocked ripple response from the rank of the stand child . noticeably from tommy . miss emily ( cont ’d ) a replacement will be find for she , but in the meantime she class will be divide between miss geraldine and myself . miss emily pause . miss emily ( cont ’d ) it be hard , be it not - abruptly , miss emily break off . in the assembly hall , the silence feel like a non - sequitur . miss emily drift inside a private think pattern . Children and guardian wait for she to continue . which , after a few moment , she do . with a heat injected into she voice . anger rise . miss emily ( cont ’d ) it be hard , be it not , to continue in the face of deliberate subversion . there be that who would seek to thwart we . this be clear . it be manifestly - another abrupt stop . a couple of guardian exchange a glance . miss emily ( cont ’d ) - clear . miss emily close she eye . talk now to a interior voice , lose track of the face before she . miss emily ( cont ’d ) and we be aware that the tide be not with forward think . it never be . no - the tide be with the entrench mindset . the unexamine morality of - beat . miss emily ( cont ’d ) yes. 57 shoot script 24th MARCH p4l . beat . miss emily ( cont ’d ) so we be fully aware . be we not . beat . miss emily ( cont ’d ) and I will not be coerce . silence . which now extend . as it do so , CUT to - - a girl 's hand , tentatively slip into a boy 's hand . after a moment 's hesitation , the boy 's finger close around the girl 's . reveal it be RUTH and tommy , and we be see from kathy 's Pov . CUT back to - - miss emily 's eye , as they flick open . relocating she . reminding she of the audience . miss emily ( cont ’d ) ( loud ) I will not be coerce ! the bark word echo faintly in the hall . miss emily ( cont ’d ) ( louder ) I will not be coerce . no ! and neither will hailsham ! sense a cue , the collect child and guardian all break into applause . all except kathy . she be reverberate with what she have just see pass between RUTH and tommy . ext . path - day 57 kathy walk down a path through tree at the back of hailsham , towards — 58 59 59 a shoot script 24th MARCH p42 . ext . pond - continuous 58 - the pond . across the water be the large flat rock . on which RUTH and tommy be sit . chatt . unaware of kathy 's presence on the far side of the pond . kathy ( v.o. ) I do not understand why , after all she teasing , Ruth would decide that Tommy be the boy she like most of all . kathy watch as RUTH turn tommy 's face towards hers . kathy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they say girl be always mean to the boy they like . so maybe Ruth have like he all along . kathy stop , as — - RUTH lean forward to kiss tommy . back to kathy 's face , freeze . kathy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) maybe I should have tease he too . int . girl 's dormitory - day 59 kathy 's collection sit on she bedside table . the small row of book . a fountain pen . and the judy bridgewater cassette . she put another book into she collection . int . girl 's dormitory - day 59a the collection grow . reveal kathy , now in she late teens , pack a bag . 60 61 62 shoot script 24th MARCH p43 . ext . hailsham - day 60 the view across the pond . the school building be reflect in the water . then splinter into ripple . on this splinter image - fade to black . title : part 2 : the cottage fade up to - int . minibus - day 61 a minibus drive through flat countryside . the bus be be drive by a man in he early sixty - keffer . in the back be six hailsham student , now age eighteen . among they , kathy , RUTH and tommy . kathy and tommy we have see before in adult incarnation , at the start of the film . RUTH we recognise by the colour of she hair ... .+. and by the way she hand be enmesh in tommy 's. all be glaze by the length of the journey . gazing out of the window , watch the largely featureless landscape slide by . kathy ( v.o. ) we leave hailsham at eighteen . ext . dirt road - day 62 the minibus drive up a long dirt road . 63 shoot script 24th MARCH p44 . kathy ( v.o . ) my year be scattered to different location , but Tommy , Ruth and I be relocate together , to a collection of building that have once be a work farm . at the far end of the dirt road , a cluster of farm building can be see . kathy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we call they the cottage . ext . the cottage - day 63 a small collection of farm building , with a central house , be nestle in remote countryside . but it be not picturesque . it be desolate . Old farm machinery lie where it be last use . a couple of chicken run through the muddy space between the building . kathy ( v.o . ) at the time , we think the cottage be just a staging post before the donation center . a minibus pull up outside , and the student get out , each carry a rucksack and a suitcase . they all look slightly take aback by what they see . keffer direct they unceremoniously to the main house . kathy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but look back , I can see they be actually a training ground of sort . during we time there , some of we would be expect to volunteer as carer . as the student walk to the house , they have to pick they way across the mud . they shoe be unsuitable . they clothing look insufficient for the cold . stand in the doorway of the main house be a girl . slightly older . she wear a heavy jumper and Wellington boot . this be chrissie . chrissie watch they blankly as they approach . 64 shoot script 24th MARCH p45 . kathy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the cottage be also we first contact with that who have not have the privilege of grow up in hailsham . fade in the sound of a tv sitcom laughter track . cuT to - int . live room - early evening 64 in the live room be RUTH and tommy . they be sit on a sofa . Ruth be lean back into tommy 's arm . at the other end of the sofa be kathy . on another sofa be chrissie . enter the room be rodney , chrissie 's boyfriend . as he walk behind chrissie , he give she shoulder a little squeeze . then sit beside she , and she slip she arm into he . as a gesture , it be clingy . as a rule , whenever rodney and chrissie be near each other , they hold each other in such a way . all of they have slightly glaze expression - - because they be watch the tv , which be show a generic american sitcom , circa early ninety . in the background , other inhabitant of the cottage come and go . on the floor be empty plate of food , presumably from a dinner eat in front of the television . close up on the tv screen - - where a group of attractive young Americans be sit around in a New York apartment . one of the handsome boy shake he head at one of the pretty girl . handsome boy hey Jen , what 's this I keep hearing about you and ricky ? pretty girl # 1 ricky ? I do not know what you be talk about . 65 66 67 shoot script 24th MARCH p46 . pretty girl # 2 oh - can help you out there . he 's talk about blue eye , blonde hair , cute dimple when he smile , and biceps that can crack walnut . handsome boy wince . handsome boy ouch . pretty girl # 1 oh that ricky . handsome boy Jennifer , get real . I see you with he . pretty girl # 2 Jen and ricky , sit in a tree , k-i-s-s-i-n-g . pretty girl # 1 look indignant , and roll she eye . pretty girl # 1 that be so not true ! ( beat ) we be not in a tree . the laughter track kick in again . int . tommy 's room - night 65 RUTH and tommy be have sex . RUTH be be slightly noisy , and the movement of the bed be bump against the wall . int . kathy 's room - night 66 next door , kathy lie awake , read , hearing they . we see that on she bedside table , she have rearrange she collection from hailsham - include the Judy bridgewater tape . to block out the noise of RUTH and tommy , kathy put walkman headphone over she ear . ext . cottage - morning 67 daybreak over the field around the cottage . 68 69 shoot script 24th MARCH p47 . ext . cottage - continuous 68 keffer pull up in he minibus outside the main house . he get out , and pick up a box of grocery from the passenger seat . as he carry the box across the muddy yard to the main house , he slip . keffer break he fall by landing on one knee , and he manage to keep the box of grocery upright . but when he rise , he leg be cake with mud . he look immensely piss off . kathy be stand in the doorway of the main house to take the box . kathy thank you , Mr keffer . keffer hand she the box and start walk back across the yard without say a word . int . kitchen - day 69 the same group of people that be watch tv - kathy , RUTH , tommy , rodney and chrissie - be in the kitchen fix breakfast . chrissie and RUTH be cooking up some scramble egg , and the other be sit at the table . also at the table be two other young people . one read a book , and the other eat cereal while read the back of the cereal packet . kathy be eat cereal too , and have a open book in front of she ... -.. but be tune - in to RUTH and chrissie 's conversation . RUTH I be not even say I 'il apply to be a carer . just several people have tell I I have be good at it . but then Laura go around tell people that I have be say I be the most likely to get select . chrissie roll she eye . 70 shoot script 24 th MARCH chrissie that be so not true . RUTH ( echoe , in agreement ) so not true . kathy , subtly , react . p48. RUTH bring over a plate of scramble egg and put they in front of tommy . as she do so , she give he shoulder a little squeeze . int . kitchen - later 70 the kitchen be now empty apart from kathy and RUTH , who stand at the sink , wash up . while kathy wash , RUTH dry . for a while , they do this in silence . then kathy speak . kathy Ruth , I have be meaning to ask you . why do you do that thing - squeezing Tommy 's shoulder whenever you pass he ? RUTH look slightly confuse . RUTH I be allow to touch Tommy , be not I ? kathy it 's the way you be touch he . you know what I be talk about . the way you squeeze he shoulder . ( beat ) it 's copy from that television show . RUTH that 's - kathy ( cut in ) and please do not tell I ' that 's so not true . 's RUTH shut she mouth . shoot script 24th MARCH p 49 . kathy ( cont 'd ) all that behaviour : it 's not what people do , out there , in real life , if that 's what you be think . hold on RUTH 's face . she look angry - but unsure how to fight back . so she shrug . RUTH so what ? it 's no big deal . a lot of we do it . kathy what you mean be , chrissie and Rod do it . and now the anger on RUTH 's face become , for a flashed moment , triumph . which she quickly shift into concern . RUTH oh , Kathy . so that 's what this be about . it must be awful for you , surround by all this couple . kathy ( hotly ) I never say that . I be just say it 's daft : you copy what they do , and they copy the tv show . RUTH but I be right , be not I ? and you do not like the fact that Tommy and I be friend with chrissie and Rod . whereas you hardly talk to anyone . kathy no , you be not right . RUTH raise she eyebrow . RUTH ( sarcastic ) ' so 's not right ? RUTH put she drying cloth down , and walk out of the kitchen . leave kathy alone . 71 72 73 shoot script 24th MARCH p50 . ext . field - day 71 in a field adjacent to the farm building , a car be drive circle . through the windscreen , we can see chrissie behind the wheel . rodney be beside she . the car stall as chrissie grind the gear viciously . then it stop . chrissie restart the engine , put the car in gear - - and almost immediately lurch , and stall again . chrissie burst into tear . although the intensity of she reaction might simply be she frustration at learn to drive , it feel somehow more than that . ext . cottage - day 72 kathy be stand at the rear of the main farmhouse , hold a full rubbish - sack . she watch the motionless car in the field for a couple of moment . it do not restart . then kathy continue to the bin . when she open the lid to put the rubbish - sack inside , she see , sit on top of the bag already inside ... «+. a slightly crumpled pornographic magazine . kathy react . then look around , to see if anyone be near , or can see she . int . barn - day 73 daylight filter into what be once a old barn , and be now use as a general storage area . judge by the dust and cobweb , the space do not get use much . kathy enter , with the magazine . shoot script 24th MARCH p5l . she take a seat ... .»+. and start to flick through the picture . we watch kathy scan the girl . she pause on each image for the same amount of time , regardless of the pose of size of the photo . her focus be they face . kathy be absorb in what she be do . and do not notice at first that someone else have enter the barn , and be watch she . but she sense the presence . she tense , and look up . and see tommy . tommy smile , a little sheepishly . tommy hello , kath . kathy hi Tommy . ( beat ) do not just hover in the doorway . come in . join the fun . tommy walk over to where kathy sit . tommy I do not know you like that sort of stuff . kathy Girls be allow to look too , be not we ? beat . kathy start flick through the page again . tommy I be not try to spy on you . kathy you be welcome to take they after I have finish . tommy give a short laugh . tommy I expect I have see they all already . 74 shoot script 24th MARCH p52 . a beat . kathy look up at tommy again - - and find he return she gaze with a serious expression . tommy ( cont 'd ) kath - what be you look for ? kathy what do you mean ? I be just look at dirty picture . tommy just for kick . kathy I suppose you could say that . tommy sit beside kathy . tommy kath , you do not - ( break off ) if it 's for kick , you do not do it like that . you have to look at the picture more carefully . nothing really happen if you go that fast . kathy how do you know what work for girl ? tommy kath . you be not look for kick . a beat . kathy stand abruptly , and drop the magazine into tommy 's hand . kathy here . give it to Ruth . see if they do anything for she . she exit . tommy watch she go . int . kathy 's room - day 74 kathy be read on she bed . shoot script 24th MARCH p53 . RUTH enter . RUTH hi. kathy hi . RUTH sit on the bed . RUTH I suppose you have hear what chrissie and Rod have be say . kathy put she book down , bristle slightly - think that this conversation will relate to they earlier exchange , and that in some way RUTH be go to rub kathy 's nose in she friendship with the older couple . kathy no . I have not . RUTH they be probably just have I on . they idea of a joke . forget I mention it . kathy you obviously want to tell I . beat . RUTH you know that Rod and chrissie have be think of apply to be carer . so they have be learn to drive . kathy yes . RUTH well - last weekend , Rod and chrissie go for a drive together , and they go up to a town on the norfolk coast . ( beat ) and they think they see this person . kathy what person ? RUTH a lady . work in a open-plan office . and ... shoot script 24th MARCH p54 . RUTH glance at kathy , and suddenly kathy see how vulnerable and anxious RUTH look . kathy sit up , concerned , they earlier spat forget . kathy what be it , Ruth ? RUTH I be sure it 's not true . ora mistake . but - they think this person be a ' possible '. ( beat ) for I . kathy look genuinely amaze . kathy they find you original ? RUTH they be not sure , obviously . but rodney say the resemblance be really strike . kathy sit beside RUTH on the bed . kathy my God , Ruth . RUTH I know . kathy what be you go to do ? RUTH Rod and chrissie want to drive I back up there , so I can see for myself . Tommy will come , but ... I feel nervous ... kathy do you want I to come too ? this be clearly what RUTH be hope for . kathy take RUTH 's hand . kathy ( cont 'd ) Ruth , of course . 75 ext . road - day 75 a slightly batter estate car drive along a empty norfolk a-road . 76 77 shoot script 24th MARCH p55 . int . car - continuous 76 rodney be drive , with chrissie in the passenger seat . kathy , tommy and RUTH be in the back . rodney so - exactly how much experience have you guy have with the outside ? RUTH quite a lot . tommy no we have not ! RUTH we do a lot of role - play exercise in hailsham . tommy they do not count . rodney and chrissie exchange a glance . rodney okay . well , do not feel scared . there 's really nothing to it . RUTH we be not scared . rodney good. ccut to - int . cafe - day 77 kathy , RUTH , tommy , rodney and chrissie all sit around a table in a small seaside cafe for lunch , look at a menu . a waitress be take they order . as she wait for they to make up they mind , we see the waitress react slightly to the sight of the bracelet . not unlike madame , but perhaps better repress . a freeze quality in she gaze that betray the inward shudder . rodney I ' 1ll get sausage , egg , and chip . 78 shoot script 24th MARCH p56 . the waitress nod and turn to tommy - who look slightly panicked , as if confront with a elaborate menu at a intimidating french restaurant . so he default to rodney 's order . tommy sausage , egg , and chip , please . RUTH yes . sausage , egg , and chip . kathy sausage , egg , and chip for I too . chrissie laugh . chrissie I suppose I have better get the same . waitress right . five sausage , egg and chip . drink ? a beat . then kathy , RUTH and tommy all look to rodney . rodney five coke , please . int . cafe - later 78 the five of they eat they lunch . the coke be circa 1970 bottle of cheap corona cola . tommy seem distract by the sight of the sea and the shore line , just outside the window . they be eat in silence . then chrissie shoot a glance at rodney , who nod , almost imperceptibly . kathy see it . chrissie you know , there 's something I have be want to talk to you lot about . the problem be that back there , at the cottage , it 's impossible . someone be always listen in . shoot script 24th MARCH p57 . something about chrissie 's tone feel a little over - casual . again , kathy notice this - and also the way rodney have lean forward , and be now watch RUTH closely . chrissie ( cont ’d ) so - it be just something we have hear about hailsham student . someone be say that some hailsham student , in the past , have manage to get a deferral . apparently , that hailsham student could have they first donation put back by three , or even four year . ( beat ) as long as they qualified . chrissie pause , and check the face of kathy , tommy and RUTH , for any clue that they know what she be talk about . rodney if there be a boy and a girl , and they be in love with each other - really , properly in love , and you could prove it - then you would be give a few year together , before you begin you donation . tommy be frown . clearly , this story be news to he . tommy where do you hear about this ? rodney when we be at White mansion . chrissie people there use to go on about this hailsham couple . and when the guy be only a few week from donation , he just go to see someone . he apply . and everything get sort out . rodney they get three year straight . Three year together , just to themselves . because they could prove they be properly in love . beat . chrissie I suppose - 79 80 81 shoot script 24th MARCH p58. chrissie can no longer maintain the enforce casualness of she voice . chrissie ( cont ’d ) - you lot would know about that . be from hailsham . you would know the rule about that sort of thing . rodney who be it you go to ? who would you talk to if you want to apply ? silence . until it be break by tommy . tommy to be honest , I do not know what you be talk about . a flash of anger in rodney 's face . rodney oh , come on . do you expect we to believe that ? everyone know hailsham be special . so what be it ? why keep all this thing to yourself ? another silence . then kathy say , delicately : kathy there be lot of storey in hailsham . I do not think many of they turn out to be true . ext . seafront cafe - day deleted ext . shoreline - day wave lap on a shingle beach . fade to - ext . STREET - day deleted 79 80 81 82 82a shoot script 24th MARCH p59 . ext . STREET - continuous 82 «+. and rodney be not very sure where he 's go . he turn back to they , talk to no one in particular . rodney I probably will not be able to find this office again . in fact , I can not even be sure this be the right town . RUTH be look quietly desperate . RUTH please do try to remember , Rod . rodney I be do my best . I be just say : none of this be look very familiar . kathy walk up to rodney and speak quietly but firmly to he . kathy Rod - I hope you do not make up this possible for Ruth , just to create the opportunity to ask we about hailsham . rodney I be not make it up . kathy then I equally hope you be not fail to find the office as a punishment for we not know about this deferral scheme . rodney .-. of course I be not . kathy then find the office . now . rodney nod , clearly a little take aback by kathy 's tone . rodney it may have be down here . ext . STREET - continuous 82a kathy , tommy , RUTH , and chrissie be walk down a street in a seaside down , follow rodney . 83 shoot script 24th MARCH p6o. ext . STREET - continuous 83 on rodney 's face . rodney ~-. yes . he turn to the other . rodney ( cont 'd ) yes . that 's it . the five of they be look towards a office building , over the road . the office be glass - fronted , and through the window we can see a large , open-plan room , with a dozen desk arrange in irregular l-pattern . some of the office worker be move between the desk , chat . other have pull they swivel chair together , and be drink coffee or eat sandwich . the sight of this worker - the sight of this normal life , unfold behind the glass - transfix the five young adult . kathy «+ . do you think it 's they lunch break ? tommy it must be ... with kathy , RUTH , tommy , rodney and chrissie , we watch the office worker for a while . the way they mouth move . smiling , talk . the way they eyebrow raise , or the way they shake they head . the way they loosen they tie , or roll up they shirt sleeve . they way they drink they coffee . we be break out of the moment by RUTH . RUTH ( quiet ) oh God . I think I see she . we see what RUTH see . 83a 84 shoot script 24th MARCH pel . a woman , about thirty year older than RUTH , in she late forty . and there be a resemblance there . facially , and in the way she have tie she hair ... .+. but the resemblance be not strike . rodney yes . that 's she . but it be not . this woman be not RUTH 's genetic match , with thirty year of age on she . and kathy know it . the five continue watch the woman for several moment ... ... then one of the other office worker , a man , notice the five young adult across the road , all stare in at they . the man nudge the woman beside he , and give a slightly uncertain wave . this gesture break the spell over kathy , RUTH , tommy , rodney and chrissie ... .».. and as one , they all turn and start to walk away . ext . seafront carpark - day 83a rodney and chrissie sit in the car . ext . pier - continuous 84 at the end of a pier , in sight of the carpark , be kathy , RUTH and tommy . RUTH it be not she . ( beat ) or - I be not she . kathy «+. no . you be not . tommy but it be close , be not it ? I mean , you could see why Rod and chrissie think she might have be a possible . RUTH oh shut up , Tommy . it be not close . it be not close at all . 84 a 85 shoot script 24th MARCH p62 . a awkward beat . then RUTH continue - cold anger grow in she voice . RUTH ( cont 'd ) and I know it would not be she before we even get there . it be never go to be she . they never , ever model we from people like that woman . kathy Ruth - do not - but RUTH be not go to stop now . RUTH we all know it . we just never say it . we be modell from trash . junky , prostitute , wino , tramp . convict , maybe , so long as they be not psychos . RUTH start to walk back down the pier to the car . then stop . RUTH ( cont 'd ) if you want to look for possible , if you want to do it properly , then look in the gutter . that 's where we come from . RUTH leave tommy and kathy alone . ext . pier - sunset 84a at the end of the pier , kathy be gaze out to sea . kathy we should go back . tommy do not reply . he be watch kathy . the light on she face . the way the wind pull at she hair . int . car - evening 85 the sun be go down as they drive through norfolk , back towards the cottage . 86 87 88 shoot script 24th MARCH p63. ext . cottage - night 86 the car pull up at the cottage . int . cottage - night 87 in the hallway of the main house , just past the coat rack , be a featureless metal box , attach to the wall , just like the one in hailsham . the front door open , and RUTH walk straight in . as she pass the metal box , she swipe it with she bracelet . tommy and kathy follow behind . int . kitchen - night 88 kathy be cooking bacon over the stove . a couple of other face from the cottage be sit at the kitchen table , eat they dinner . come from the bedroom , we hear the sound of raise voice . a argument . say : RUTH ( 0.s. ) I do not know why you have say something like that . do you actually want I to get angry ? tommy ( 0.s. ) of course I do not . RUTH ( 0.s. ) then what do you want ? if you do not want to make I angry , if you do not want I to be upset , why would you say something so completely stupid ? we can not fully make out the word , but we can recognise the voice as RUTH and tommy . it sound as if RUTH be do most of the shouting . people around the dining table look round at the noise , then exchange glance , then go back to whatever they be do . * + ok + oh hf * 89 90 shoot script 24th MARCH ped . kathy slide the bacon out of the fry pan onto two slice of white bread , already butter , then push the two slice together . int . stair - night 89 kathy climb the stair , carry she bacon sandwich up to she room . she can hear the argument more clearly here , because the live room door be open . RUTH ( 0.s. ) ( angry ) and a little back - up would be appreciate . a little support . how do you think it look to everyone else ? tommy ( 0.s. ) ( calmer ) it 's just not like that , Ruth . RUTH ( 0.s . ) so what be it like , Tommy ? spell it all out for I . int . front hall - early morning 90 kathy sit in the front hall of the cottage , pull on a pair of Wellington boot . she then stand , and open the front door . it 's a beautiful morning outside . the sun be just come up . tommy where be you go ? kathy turn and see tommy , through the open kitchen doorway . he 's at the dining table , on which be spread out a sheet of paper . he be at the early stage of a large draw . kathy I think I have go for a walk . tommy ... do that mean you want to be alone ? or can I come too ? 91 92 shoot script 24th MARCH p65 . int . tommy 's room - continuous 91 RUTH stand at the window of tommy 's room , peer out of a gap in the curtain ... .+. watch tommy and kathy walk away from the cottage . ext . cottage / greenhouse - continuous 92 kathy and tommy walk through a large greenhouse attach to the cottage complex . when tommy speak , he word be deliberate . pre-prepare . this be a conversation he have internally rehearse before now . tommy chrissie and Rod be pretty obsessed with this rumour , be not they ? kathy about the deferral . tommy nod . tommy I be think that if this rumour be true , it might explain quite a lot . kathy such as ? tommy well - the Gallery for instance . we never get to the bottom of it , what the Gallery be for . beat . tommy ( cont 'd ) picture , poetry , sculpture . it tell you something about yourself . that 's the point about art , be not it ? it say what 's inside you . kathy that 's what they use to tell we . it reveal you soul . shoot script 24th MARCH p66 . tommy exactly . you soul . ( beat ) so suppose that the rumour be true . a special arrangement have be make for hailsham student . if they be in love . there would have to be a way to judge if couple be tell the truth , and not just lie to put off they donation . beat . tommy ( cont 'd ) well that 's what the Gallery would be for . in the Gallery , they can find out everything about we that they need to know . so if we say we be in love , they can look into we soul , and they 'il know if it 's real love , or just a lie . beat . kathy that 's a strange idea , Tommy ... tommy be it ? I do not see why it 's stranger than any other idea . kathy .»+. and do not miss Lucy tell you that make art for the Gallery be not important ? tommy yes . she do . but look what happen to she . a moment between tommy and kathy . look at each other . then : kathy be you think of apply . you and Ruth . tommy it would not work . beat . kathy why ? 94 95 96 97 on tommy . beat . shoot script 24th MARCH p67 . weigh up two possible answer . tommy you forget . you have a lot accept into the gallery . if I apply , they would not have anything to go on . kathy you never get anything into the Gallery ? tommy nothing at all . kathy it 's all just rumour and theory . tommy I know . but why else would the guardian have want we to work so hard on we art and poetry ? kathy I do not know , Tommy . I really do not . ext . cottage - night the cottage , under a clear starry sky . int . tommy 's room - night RUTH and tommy be have sex . int . kathy 's room - continuous kathy can hear RUTH and tommy . she reach for the walkman , and put it on . for a few moment she be transport . deleted int . judy bridgewater land then : 94 95 96 97 98 shoot script 24th MARCH p6s . int . kathy 's room - continuous 98 the song end . kathy pull off the headphone . open she eye . then jolt - - at the sight of a figure , stand in she doorway . it 's RUTH . she enter kathy be bedroom , and quietly close the door behind she . then she pad over to kathy 's bed , and kneel down . the room be only light by moonlight , filter through the window . RUTH be face , though close to kathy 's , be in shadow . a strange beat . then RUTH speak . RUTH ( quiet ) I know what you think , Kathy . ( beat ) I know you think that you and Tommy would have make a natural couple . and you believe there 's a chance that Tommy and I will split up some day . and when we do , perhaps that will be you chance with Tommy . a chance to do it right this time . RUTH 's hand reach out , and gently brushes against kathy 's hair . RUTH ( cont 'd ) ( quiet ) but the thing be , Kathy , although Tommy really like you as a friend , he just do not see you that way . RUTH laugh softly . 99 shoot script 24th MARCH p69 . RUTH ( cont 'd ) ( quiet ) Tommy tell I all about the porno magazine . we have quite a laugh about it . RUTH voice lower to barely whisper ... .»+. and she put she mouth so close to kathy that she be almost kissing kathy 's ear . RUTH ( cont 'd ) ( quiet ) he do not understand what you be do . but I do . a moment later , RUTH stand ... «+. then leave , close the door softly behind she . a beat , on kathy 's moonlit face . her open eye . ext . cottage - day 99 keffer carry a box of grocery to the main house , where kathy be wait at the front door . when keffer hand she the box , kathy do not take it . kathy I want to be a carer . keffer look back at she blankly . kathy ( cont 'd ) it 's you I apply to , be not it ? keffer yes . kathy so. I be apply . keffer nod . keffer in 1l bring you the form tomorrow , and we can start to process . kathy take the box off keffer . 100 101 102 shoot script 24th MARCH p70 . ext . cottage - day 100 deleted . ext . field - early evening 101 plastic bag . litter in barb wire . kathy ( v.o. ) by the time Ruth and Tommy finally separate , my carer training have already begin , so I be hardly ever at the cottage . in the field by the cottage , we can see a figure stand . tommy . he be look away from the cottage - where we can see keffer 's minibus be park . kathy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it have never occur to I that we life , until then so closely interwoven , could unravel and separate with such speed . ext . cottage - day 102 kathy be carry a suitcase out of the front door to the cottage ... «+. towards the open boot of the minibus . stand beside the minibus be keffer . kathy ( v.o. ) if I have know , maybe I have have keep tighter hold of they , and not let unseen tide pull we apart . a young man help she with a second suitcase . from the doorway of the Cottage , two other young people , a boy and a girl , watch they . kathy turn back and wave to the two stand in the doorway - - who wave back , smile . kathy '’s gaze flick up to RUTH 's window - + of * 102a 103 shoot script 24th MARCH p7l. - but no one be there . kathy get into the minibus ... +. and keffer drive she away . fade to black title : part 3 : completion fade up to - ext . block of flat - early morning 102a a block of flat in early morning . int . kathy 's flat - continuous 103 kathy , age twenty six , be lie on a single bed . beside the bed , she alarm be sounding . kathy switch it off . swing she leg out the side of the bed . rise to a sit position . and rub the sleep out of she eye . kathy ( v.o. ) for the most part , be a carer have suite I fine . I can handle the solitude , the break sleep , and the constant shuttle from clinic to clinic . we see around kathy 's flat . it be spartan , tidy , functional , and give no indication of a life share with anyone else . there be a sense that kathy only use she flat for eat a early breakfast , or a late dinner , and sleep . the one suggestion of a life outside work and sleep be , line on a shelf , four desk lamp . each a different colour . 104 104a 105 106 shoot script 24th MARCH p72. int . kathy 's flat - early morning 104 kathy lean against the counter of she kitchenette , eat cereal , gaze absently out of the window . kathy ( v.o. ) the true test of a carer be when a donor complete earlier than expect , on the second or even first donation . many go through the carer training , only to find they be not cut out for it . int . corridor outside kathy 's flat - day 104a kathy exit she flat , swipe she bracelet on the tracking system box , and lock the door behind she . int . car - day 105 kathy drive along a a-road . int . ward room - day 106 see through the doorway , kathy sit beside a hospital bed . in the bed be a woman about kathy 's age . hannah . hannah have one eye miss , and have bandage around she abdomen . kathy pull a packet of dark chocolate digestive from a plastic carrier bag . kathy here you be . Dark chocolate . if you know how many shop I have to try before I find they ... hannah I think I be not allow to eat so soon before the operation . kathy break the seal on the packet , and take one biscuit . kathy you be not , but I be . and after the operation , you can wolf down the rest of the packet in one go . 107 108 109 shoot script 24th MARCH p73. int . dover recovery centre / corridor - continuous 107 * through glass , we see a male nurse enter hannah be ward * room . kathy ( v.o . ) I would never say I have become immune to the completion . but they be something I be able to live with . out of we earshot , kathy and the nurse talk for a few moment . then kathy stand , and kiss hannah on each cheek . ext . dover recovery centre - day 108 the dover recovery Centre be in its own grounds . it be in countryside , but near enough to a motorway to hear the soft rush of traffic , like wind . int . lounge area - day 109 * kathy sit on a chair in a lounge area . * a few donor patient sit around watch tv , or play * ping pong . all be damage - with eye , tooth , or limb * miss . * she be asleep , doze with she head rest to the side . observe by one of the patient , a young female nurse * approach kathy . * nurse you be Hannah 's carer , be not you ? kathy stir , and open she eye . nurse ( cont 'd ) * Hannah 's carer . kathy yes . beat . kathy scan the nurse 's face , and understand immediately what she see . 110 shoot script 24th MARCH p74 . nurse I be sorry . it 's always hard . but there be complication . kathy what kind of complication ? the nurse 's expression remain neutral . nurse unexpect complication . beat . kathy right . kathy stand . she look very tired . kathy ( cont 'd ) you need I to sign the release . nurse please . kathy follow the nurse to the ward desk . int . ward desk - continuous 110 kathy stand at the ward desk , fill out the form that the nurse put in front of she . as kathy write : nurse be you go to leave now ? we can quite easily provide you with a bed tonight if you have get a long drive . this be not a real offer . kathy I can be back home in under two hour . nurse always better to wake at home , be not it ? kathy smile perfunctorily at the nurse 's polite small talk , and start on the next form - - then seem to notice something . shoot script 24th MARCH p75 . it 's on the computer screen just behind the desk . kathy swivel the screen in order to read it . on the screen be a medical information readout , and a small passport - size photo of RUTH . nurse ( cont 'd ) be it someone you know ? kathy ..-. yes . actually , we grow up together . nurse oh. beat . kathy how be she ? nurse .«.. be you close ? kathy very close as child . though we have not see each other now for nearly a decade . nurse well , Ruth be not as strong as we would hope at this stage . kathy ( check the patient form ) she 's do two donation . ( look up ) you think she will complete on the third . beat . nurse I think she want to complete . and as you know , when they want to complete , they usually do . 111 int . ward corridor - continuous - day 111 kathy stand outside a ward room . she hesitates for a couple of moment . then go in . 112 shoot script 24th MARCH p76 . int . RUTH 's ward room - continuous 112 kathy enter RUTH 's ward room . the bed be empty . the room feel very still . kathy walk up to the bed . on the bedside table be a glass of water , half - full , and a open copy of a novel , the spine bent back to keep its place . kathy check over she shoulder , then open the bedside table drawer . she see a wrist - watch , and some hair-clip ... -».- and a single hailsham token . kept like a lucky casino chip . kathy react . then shut the drawer . almost as soon as she have do so , kathy hear a noise . the toilet in the bathroom flush . kathy turn , and , a moment later , the door to the toilet open . revealing RUTH . she be struggle slightly to exit the bathroom , because she be have to use a walker in order to stay upright , and it 's awkward manoeuve it past the self - close door . so for a moment or two , she do not notice kathy . then she have the walker past the doorframe . and look up . then freeze at the sight of kathy . momentarily stunne , dislocate . for a moment , the two woman gaze at each other . then the moment be break - - as a smile break over RUTH 's face . RUTH Kathy . shoot script 24th MARCH p77 . 113 int . dover recovery centre - sunset 113 kathy and RUTH walk down a corridor in the dover recovery Centre . RUTH be progress , use she walker , be slow . RUTH I have keep tabs on you over the year . ( beat ) and Tommy too . kathy what do you hear about Tommy ? RUTH that he 's do he second donation too . and apparently , he 's do very well on it . apparently , he 's in better shape than some after they first donation . kathy good old Tommy . I be not surprised . RUTH «+ . be you surprised at I ? ( beat ) I expect I look a bit break , kath . kathy make no response . RUTH ( cont 'd ) but that 's okay . I be not sure I would want to survive the third donation anyway . you hear thing , do not you ? kathy +. what kind of thing ? RUTH oh , you know . how maybe , after the fourth donation , even if you have technically complete , you be still conscious in some sort of way . and then you find out there be more donation . plenty of they . except there be no more recovery centre , and no more carer . there 's just watch , and wait . ( more ) shoot script 24th MARCH p78. RUTH ( cont 'd ) until they switch you off . ( beat ) I do not think I fancy that . silence . RUTH ( cont 'd ) be it the end of the day already ? kathy look up to the sky . the sun be low . RUTH ( cont 'd ) it 's funny . over the last few month , I have probably think about you every day . hope I would see you . and actually I feel sure I would . it seem impossible that I have complete without see you one last time . beat . kathy it 's not the last time , yet , Ruth . they offer I a bed here . I be plan to stay the night anyway . 114 ext . dover recovery centre - night 114 half the window in the recovery center remain light through the night . 115 int . RUTH 's ward room - day 115 the follow morning . kathy be peel a orange , watch by RUTH - who be lie in she bed , propped up on pillow . kathy pull the segment neatly apart , then hand they to RUTH . RUTH smile . RUTH I know you have be a good carer . you donor be very lucky . kathy smile back . a moment . shoot script 24th MARCH RUTH ( cont 'd ) look - I be lie awake last night , and I suddenly have a idea that we have take a trip together . kathy where to ? RUTH ( casual ) I do not much think of where . just a trip . RUTH ( cont 'd ) though a place do occur to I . one of the boy on the next floor be tell I about it . it 's near the kingsfield recovery center . kathy react slightly to the name kingsfield . beat . kathy be it the boat ? the one strand on the beach ? RUTH you be hear about it too ? kathy from a carer who have work there . ( beat ) it 's quite a drive from here . be you sure you be up to it ? RUTH quite sure . RUTH ( cont 'd ) ( gently ) and do you suppose , if we be drive all that way , we could think about call in on Tommy ? see as he 's stay at kingsfield . another beat - then RUTH smile . RUTH ( cont 'd ) I tell you I have be keep tabs on both of you . ( more ) p79 . 116 117 shoot script 24th MARCH ps0 . RUTH ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) have you see he ? kathy not since the cottage . RUTH nod . RUTH no. neither have i. fade to - ext . gate - day 116 large , automated cast iron gate . a sign read : kingsfield recovery Centre the gate start to swing open , and kathy 's car drive through . int . car - day 117 kathy drive up towards the main building . outside the front door , there be a group of four people , patient , stand and chat . RUTH make a sudden sharp intake of breath . RUTH look . there he be . one of the figure be tommy . older , hair cut short , thin . but entirely recognisable . he turn to watch the approach car . RUTH ( cont 'd ) do you think he 's recognise we through the glass ? as if in answer , tommy lift he hand , as if shield he eye from overhead light , and squint at they . this send RUTH into a slight panic . RUTH ( cont 'd ) what do we do ? do we get out ? no , no , let 's not get out . but kathy have already open the door . we stay in the car with RUTH - 118 119 120 shoot script 24th MARCH psi . - who watch , like a silent film , as tommy walk towards kathy . then hug she . ext . kingsfield recovery centre - day 118 now we be with tommy and kathy ... ++. as kathy be spun round by tommy 's embrace - - so that she now face RUTH , watch through the car windscreen . RUTH face be oddly blank , almost freeze , as if she be watch people in a play . kathy ( pull back ) Ruth 's in the car . tommy pull back from kathy , and go to open the passenger door ... .»+. and now it be kathy 's turn to watch through the windscreen , as tommy lean in and kiss RUTH on each cheek . it be a different kind of greeting . more restrain . and kathy can see that . ext . narrow country road - day 119 kathy 's car drive down a narrow , wind country road . almost a dirt -track . int . car - continuous 120 kathy drive , with RUTH still in the passenger seat , and tommy in the back seat . tommy I can not believe I have the two of you here . do it feel to you like we be back at hailsham again ? like no time have pass ? kathy no . it do not . tommy laugh . shoot script 24th MARCH ps2 . tommy no , it do not at all , do it ! it feel really weird . ( beat ) but good weird ! tommy laugh again . tommy ( cont 'd ) so I suppose you both hear that hailsham be close . from what you hear , the only school leave now be like morningdale . like battery farm , they say . ( beat ) I be sure it 's a exaggeration . RUTH be look out of the passenger window a little anxiously , as the narrow road get rougher and more overgrown . RUTH be you sure this be the right way ? kathy yes . I be sure . 121 ext . narrow country road - day 121 kathy stop the car . the dirt track have come to a end . kathy and tommy exit the car . RUTH open she door and peer out . again , we see the same slight panic in RUTH that we see when they arrive at kingsfield and see tommy . it be as if , over the intervene year , all she power and authority have go . RUTH my walker be go to be useless here . tommy it 's okay . we will carry you . RUTH see that the way ahead be block by a tangle barb wire fence . 122 123 123a shoot script 24th MARCH ps3. RUTH oh no . no one say anything about this . no one say anything about barb wire . tommy Ruth , just relax . int . forest - day 122 kathy and tommy carry RUTH , with one of she arm around each of they shoulder . RUTH be not paralyse - she just have very little power in she leg . but the effort for tommy and kathy be considerable . RUTH kath - really , be you absolutely sure - kathy snap slightly . kathy oh do be quiet , Ruth . I have already tell you I be sure . tommy yes , Ruth . for God 's sake . RUTH close she mouth , and sink a little deeper into herself . ext . sand dune - day 123 the three of they exit the forest ... ... into sand dune . and there , a little way ahead of they , be a boat . a old fishing vessel - sit in the dune as if ina snapshot . listing slightly . paint peel , rusting , and rotting . tommy ( quiet ) wow. ext . boat - day 123a tommy have climb on to the boat . right up to the cabin . he laugh . 123b shoot script 24th MARCH ps4 . look back at RUTH and kathy , and wave . kathy and RUTH be on the bank of the dune that overlook the boat . kathy be stand . RUTH be seat . kathy wave back to tommy , but RUTH do not appear to see . apparently lose in she own thought . ext . sand dune - day 123b tommy and kathy sit beside RUTH on the dune , face the boat . tommy maybe this be what hailsham look like now . beat . tommy ( cont 'd ) do you ever hear , kath . about the other student from hailsham ? kathy sometimes . tommy I hear that amanda complete on she first donation . RUTH I think that happen more than they ever tell we . kathy there 's no conspiracy . it do happen sometimes . but it 's not common . tommy keep gaze at the boat . tommy there be a guy , at my centre . he always worried he would not make it past he first donation . but it all turn out fine . he 's come through he third now , and he 's completely all right . ( beat ) it 's funny . I do not think I would have be a good carer . but ina way I think I be a pretty good donor . shoot script 24th MARCH pss . RUTH well , it 's what we be suppose to be do , be not it ? silence . then : RUTH ( cont 'd ) I would like you both to forgive I . I do not expect you to . a long silence . none of they look at each other . then : kathy «+. forgive you for what ? RUTH keeping you and Tommy apart . silence . RUTH ( cont 'd ) it should have be you two together . I always know it , as far back as I can remember . but I keep you apart . it be not just because of the rumour about deferral . it be because I be jealous . you have real love , and I do not . and - RUTH take a breath . this be the truth , and it 's hard . RUTH ( cont 'd ) I do not want to be the one that be leave alone . silence . RUTH ( cont 'd ) it 's the worst thing I ever do . ( beat ) and now I want to put it right . tommy ( quiet ) I do not know how you can do that , Ruth . RUTH iocan . if the two of you get a deferral . 124 125 shoot script 24th MARCH ps6 . tear start run down kathy 's face , and she wipe they away quickly . kathy it 's too late for that . Way too late . it 's stupid to even think about it . RUTH it 's not too late . Tommy . you tell she . tommy say nothing . RUTH ( cont 'd ) you will see . both of you . I want to do this trip because I have something to give you . RUTH reach into she pocket and pull out a crumpled piece of paper . she hand it to tommy . RUTH ( cont 'd ) it 's Madame 's address . that 's who you apply to . that 's who you have to go and see . tommy -+. how do you get this ? RUTH it be not easy . but I have have year to think about what I do , and year to work out how to make it better . ( beat ) now it 's up to you two . ext . boat - day 124 a breeze whip up sand around the fishing boat . the tide be come in , lap around the wood . kathy , tommy and RUTH have go . fade to - extreme close up 125 - of a draw . 126 shoot script 24th MARCH ps7 . many thousand of careful pen-stroke build up to depict a elephant stand in tall grass . it be oddly similar to the clumsy draw that tommy do as a child . in fact , compositionally it be the same . but this draw show the opposite of clumsiness . if anything , it show a meticulous care , border on obsessive . and there be something strange about the surface of the elephant . it be draw as if it be reflective , or metallic . tommy ( 0.s. ) what do you think ? int . kingsfield / tommy 's ward room - night 126 kathy sit on the floor of tommy 's room in kingsfield . she be surround by more of this intricate black and white picture , all depict different animal . but the one she hold be of the elephant . tommy I start do they when we be in the cottage . after that trip to find Ruth 's possible . I realise , you see . if I be ever go to apply for a deferral , I would need something to show they . ( beat ) I have do hundred over the year . kathy they be wonderful . tommy really ? I never show anyone until now . they be my secret . ( beat ) like you read that porno magazine . kathy look up . kathy you remember that ? tommy I remember . kathy «+. Ruth say you do not understand what I be do . 127 128 shoot script 24th MARCH pss . tommy no . I think she do not understand what you be do . she think you be look at the dirty picture in order to find out about sex . to find out what you be miss . ( beat ) but I know you be look for you original . beat . kathy I use to get this huge urge to have sex . sometimes they be so powerful I think I have do it with anyone . ( beat ) so I think that have to tell I something . something about what kind of person I be modell from . I guess the magazine would be the most likely place I would find she . tommy you know that urge be natural , do not you ? normal . we all have they . you know that now . kathy yes . I know that now . ext . kingsfield recovery centre - night 127 light glow in kingsfield . through one of the window , we can see tommy lie in he bed , and kathy in the chair beside he , read to he from a book . int . kingsfield / tommy 's ward room - continuous 128 kathy be read from one thousand and one Night . kathy I embark on a ship to the city of El - basrah , with a company of merchant , and we traverse the sea for many day and night . pass island after island , sea to sea , land to land . in each place , we buy and sell , and exchange merchandise . 128a 129 shoot script 24th MARCH kathy glance at tommy as she read . kathy ( cont 'd ) until we arrive at one island like the garden of paradise , and the master of the ship cast anchor there . kathy look round at tommy 's face again . tommy ( quiet ) do not stop . kathy watch he for a few moment . then she put the book down . stands . and get into bed . with she eye never leave he face , the sheet towards tommy . then she lean forward and start to ext . dover recovery centre - sunset Sun sink over the recovery center . she hand slip kiss he . ext . dover recovery centre / RUTH 's ward room - day RUTH sit by she window . ps9 . under 128a 129 she look even weaker , skin even greyer , than the last time we see she . kathy sit by she . kathy we be go to do it . beat . kathy ( cont 'd ) I think you should know . RUTH you be go to apply . kathy yes . RUTH close she eye . 129 a 130 131 shoot script 24th MARCH pg9ud . RUTH good . ext . residential STREET - day 129a kathy be walk down a quiet street . a man be walk just ahead of she , carry a bunch of multicoloure balloon . kathy be fixate on the fist hold the string . ext . seafront road - day 130 kathy be seat on a seafront bench . she watch elderly people make they way down the promenade . she hold the address RUTH give she . her gaze be direct at one house in particular . as she watch , in the background , a tall nigerian man - GEORGE - push a old woman on a wheelchair . the old woman be wrap and sink into a blanket , and though we do not see she face , it be in fact miss emily . ext . kingsfield recovery centre - day 131 kathy and tommy walk around the kingsfield grounds , by a swim pool which have be fill - in with concrete . kathy I check the address . ( beat ) we just go there . next week , I will take you for lab test . in 1l sign you out for the whole day . and we will visit Madame on the way back . tommy nod . tommy if we get this - she give we the deferral - and she give we , say , three year , just to ourselves ... what do we do ? where will we go ? kathy I do not know . maybe they 's 1ll send we back to the cottage . ( more ) 132 133 shoot script 24th MARCH pol . kathy ( cont 'd ) or maybe they have a separate place for people like we . we 'il have to wait and see . tommy we will have to decide which of my picture to take . we ’1ll only take the best . maybe six or seven or they . kathy yes . as they walk , kathy take tommy 's hand . kathy ( cont 'd ) ( repeat ) yes. int . operating chamber 132 RUTH be strapped to a operate table . she be surround by surgeon and nurse , who be operate on she open torso . her eye be open , but glaze . RUTH blink once . the alarm on the heart - rate monitor start to sound . no one take any notice . RUTH flatline . the operation continue , unaffected . conclude . and the various operate staff finish up . scrub down . exit . leave RUTH , she cadaver , on the operate table . alone . int . car - day 133 kathy and tommy sit in the car - - look at a red brick terrace house . a woman be outside the house , weed large terra-cotta planter in the front garden . the woman be madame . 134 135 shoot script 24th MARCH pg2 . ext . madame 's house - day 134 kathy and tommy approach the front gate . madame do not appear to notice they . kathy Madame . madame start - and look up . confused . kathy ( cont 'd ) sorry . I do not mean to startle you . but we be at hailsham . I be Kathy . this be Tommy . ( beat ) we have not come to give you any trouble . madame from hailsham ... ( beat ) if you have not come to give I trouble , then why be you here ? tommy we come to talk to you . I have bring you some thing . tommy lift he bag . tommy ( cont 'd ) some thing you might want for you Gallery . a long beat , as madame gaze at they , head tilt slightly . then she nod . madame very well , then . come inside . int . madamea house / live room - day 135 the inside of the house be dark , and madame do not switch on the light . madame usher tommy and kathy into the live room , then dissapear . the live room be once two room , with the partition wall remove , now replace by a slide screen . the interior be light by what light filter through the net curtain . shoot script 24th MARCH p93 . it reveal a victorian live room , with period furniture , and a feel of dust and age . on one wall be two agit-prop poster , in support of the hailsham movement . opposite , a large watercolour of hailsham be hang above the fireplace . tommy look . he indicate the watercolour to kathy . they talk quietly . tommy ( cont 'd ) it 's hailsham . it 's the bit around the back of the pond . kathy what do you mean ? there 's no pond here . tommy no , the pond 's behind you . kathy seem slightly take aback by the irritation in tommy '’s voice . tommy ( cont 'd ) you must be able to remember . if you be round the back , with the pond behind you ... kathy yes . they quiet exchange be silence by noise on the far side of the slide screen : madame move about . then the slide screen be pull back ... ... but apparently for no purpose . the rear half of the live room - beyond what be once the partition wall - be almost completely in shadow . with the screen fully pull back , madame enter the light area of the room , and indicate that they should sit . madame take a seat in a armchair beside the fireplace , and kathy and tommy sit on the sofa opposite . as they get comfortable , there be a soft mechanical whirring sound from the dark half of the live room , which kathy be distract by . then bring back to focus by madame . shoot script 24th MARCH pod . madame so. Long beat . then : tommy we be in love . tommy turn to kathy . then back to madame . tommy ( cont 'd ) we be in love . true love . verifiable . kathy we would never have bother you if we be not really sure . madame verifiable . I see. ( beat ) go on . tommy well , we have hear about the deferral . and we would work out the purpose of the Gallery . madame tell I the purpose . tommy to use we art from hailsham to look into we soul , which would verify that we deserve a deferral . madame do not react . tommy ( cont 'd ) the trouble be , I be a bit mix up in that day . I do not really do any art , so you never take anything . I know that 's my fault , and it 's probably much too late ... he reach down and open he bag . tommy ( cont 'd ) +. but I bring some thing with I now . he start to lay the drawing out on the floor for madame to see . shoot script 24th MARCH pos . tommy ( cont 'd ) some be do quite recently , but a lot of they be several year old , so there 's a spread . and you should have kath 's stuff already . she get plenty into the Gallery , do not you , kath ? on kathy - - look at madame . she 's a step ahead of tommy . realising the mistake that she and tommy have make . perhaps because , deep down , she already know . madame I be sorry . ( beat ) I do not know what to do at this point . I never know what to do . should I let they continue , or should I stop they now ? silence . it take a moment to realise that this question be not ask to the ether , but be direct at someone in particular . someone actually in the room , who have not yet be reveal . madame ( cont 'd ) well ? beat . madame ( cont 'd ) it 's you they have really come to see . voice I suppose it be . the voice have come from the darkness at the rear of the live room . and from that darkness now come the metallic whirring again . a wheel turn . voice ( cont 'd ) I will take it from here . a moment later , out of the darkness , miss emily appear . shoot script 24th MARCH py 6 . a shrunken figure , push forward on a wheelchair by she nurse , GEORGE . miss emily leave we , George . I x11 call when I be do . GEORGE turn and go . a moment between miss emily , kathy and tommy . kathy and tommy be freeze with surprise . miss emily ( cont ’d ) Kathy h and Tommy D. I remember you both . Kathy , a bright girl , and so creative . Tommy , a big heart . and terrible rage . tommy remain motionless , hold one he drawing in he hand . miss emily ( cont ’d ) we use to get two or three couple like you a year . but not so much this day . ( beat ) you be the first for quite a while . tommy still do not quite understand . tommy to apply for a deferral . kathy ( quiet ) there be no deferral , Tommy . tommy look at kathy , uncomprehend . then back at madame . who gently confirm . madame there be no deferral . and there never have be . beat . miss emily we do not have the Gallery in order to look into you soul . we have the Gallery in order to see if you have soul at all . in the silence , madame stand . 136 shoot script 24th MARCH po7 . she go to the hailsham watercolour above the fireplace , and gaze at it a moment . miss emily ( cont ’d ) hailsham be the last place to consider the ethic of donation . we use you art to show what you be capable of . to show that donor child be all but human . but it be all a mistake . we be provide a answer to a question that no one be ask . miss emily glance at madame . then back to tommy and kathy . miss emily ( cont ’d ) you have to understand . Cancer use to kill almost everyone . now it kill no one at all . ( beat ) you see , it 's not a ethical issue . it 's just about the way we be . if you ask people to return to darkness , the day of lung cancer , and breast cancer , and motor neurone disease ... ( she shrug ) «+. they simply say no . beat . miss emily ( cont ’d ) do you understand ? kathy yes . madame turn to tommy . madame you drawing be very good . if you want , I will keep they . tommy do not answer . he just stare blankly into space . ext . madame 's house - day 136 tommy and kathy leave madame 's house . tommy walk ahead of kathy , straight to the car park outside , and get inside . + oh hhh HH * 137 shoot script 24th MARCH p98. kathy pause at the doorway , where madame stand . kathy thank you for talk to we . madame say nothing . beat . kathy ( cont 'd ) I know what you be think . madame react , slightly dreamily , as if she have momentarily lose focus . madame tell I . kathy there be a time you see I . it be one afternoon , in the dormitory . there be no one else around , and I be play this tape . this music . madame smile distantly . madame yes. ( beat ) I still think about that occasion from time to time . kathy ++. so do i. a beat . then madame reach out , and touch kathy 's cheek . madame you poor creature . I wish I could help you . but you be by yourselves now . int . car - early evening 137 kathy and tommy drive in silence through countryside , back towards kingsfield . shadows be long . the countryside be bath in the last of the day 's sunlight . field line the road on either side . 138 139 shoot script 24th MARCH p99 . tommy could you stop the car ? I be sorry . I need to get out a minute . kathy turn to tommy , but tommy be look directly ahead , he gaze fix on a indeterminate point . kathy slow the car , pull over to the side of the road . they stop on a small grass verge . without say another word , tommy get out of the car , and shut the door behind he . leave kathy in a little bubble of silence . she watch as tommy walk a short way down the road . then stop , catch in the glare of the headlight . then , just as he do as young boy , on the play field - - he throw he head back and start to scream at the sky . insulate from the sound , kathy watch . then she open the door . ext . car - continuous 138 kathy walk to tommy . kathy and tommy stand by kathy 's car . they embrace , hold each other tightly for several moment . eventually , fade to - int . hailsham - day 139 kathy , twelve , sit in the art room . she see tommy , studiously work on he draw . see RUTH , work on she own draw . she watch they for several moment . in the afternoon sunshine . the tree top move in the wind outside the art room window . then tommy look up at kathy and smile . 140 141 142 shoot script 24th MARCH ploo . kathy ( v.o. ) Tommy complete on he fourth donation . cur to - ext . road - day 140 kathy 's car be drive along a empty road . kathy ( v.o. ) I have be give my notice now . my first donation be in six week . int . car - day 141 kathy be not sobbing , but she eye be fill with tear . kathy ( v.o. ) what I be not sure about be whether we life have be so different from the life of the people we save . we all complete . she pull over to the side of the road , and get out of the car . ext . road - day 142 kathy stand by the roadside , collect herself . by the road be fence , lining the field . and catch in the barb wire ... ++. be hundred of abandon plastic bag . kathy ( v.o. ) and none of we really understand what we have live through . or feel we have have enough time . end