never look away a original screenplay by florian henckel von donnersmarck 1. int . dresden art museum — day kurt , a small 5 - year - old boy with steel grey eye gaze at the distort , grimace face of soldier from the hand of otto dix , the twisted color and shape of kirchner , heckel and Schmidt -rottluff , the bizarre world of Paul klee . at kurt 's side be he aunt elisabeth , a 19 year - old blonde of seductive beauty . they be part of a group of maybe two dozen adult , all ear to a self - confidently eloquent exhibition guide : guide ( nodd with regret ) modern art . yes , lady and gentleman . before the National Socialists take charge , Germany , too , have its share of " modern " art , meaning : something different just about every year - as follow from the word itself . ironic chuckle from the audience . exhibition guide ( cont 'd ) but the Germany of National socialism once again demand a german art which , like the entirety of a nation 's creative value , must be , and shall be , eternal . bear no such eternal value for its nation , it can be of no higher value even today . as they stroll past painting of unconstrain prostitute , yellow hydrocephalic head , smirk captain of industry , African - style sculpture ... exhibition guide ( cont 'd ) the german woman be ridicule and equale to prostitute . the painting appear to confirm this . exhibition guide ( cont 'd ) the soldier be portray either as a murderer or as the victim of senseless slaughter , all this in a attempt to destroy the german people 's deeply roote respect for a soldier 's bravery . indeed , the painting could lay some claim to such a message . they continue on . exhibition guide and madness , mental illness , be elevate to a define principle . can one truly assume that the eye of certain individual make they see thing other than they really be ? that there actually be man who see in they compatriot nothing but degenerate cretin ? that this individual perceive , or , as they might put it : '' experience '' , field as blue , sky as green , cloud as sulfur - yellow , and the like ? the intensity of the painting kurt see could suggest this . exhibition guide there be only two possibility : either this so-called " artist " really do see and believe the thing they be show we here - in which case all one would have to determine be whether the root of such a ghastly impediment be a accident or a genetic defect . should the former be the case , we heart go out to this sad soul ; if it be the latter , however , the case should be look into by the Reich Ministry of the Interior , so that at least we can avoid further proliferation of such repulsive impairment . or , on the other hand , this '' artist '' do not even believe themselves that they perception be real and nonetheless choose to pester the nation with this humbug - such a offense would fall , clearly , under the domain of criminal justice . indeed they have reach the next hall and stop in front of a kandinsky canvas : colorful streak , arc , blotches with blurred , color edge . exhibition guide ( cont 'd ) what do this have to do with art ? how can this possibly elevate we soul ? where be the craft in this ? for art come from craft . he turn to the youngest person there - kurt . exhibition guide ( cont 'd ) ( kindly ) I think you could do this , too . Little kurt give a shy shrug . exhibition guide ( cont 'd ) of course you could . have a go . and when you have finish , ask you parent if they 's 1ll give you a reichsmark for it . laughter from he audience . exhibition guide ( cont 'd ) you know how much they pay Mr. wassily kandinsky for this ? 2000 reichmarks . more than a german worker 's yearly wage . what do you papa do ? kurt right now , he 's out of work . exhibition guide ( ignore this ) 2000 reichsmarks out of the work german people 's tax . the group head on . kurt and elisabeth 's eye stay on the kandinsky canvas . kurt ( to elisabeth ) maybe I do not want to be a painter after all . aunt elisabeth ( whisper in he ear ) do not tell anybody , but I like it . 2 . ext . dresden art museum - road outside - day in the background we see a poster on the building : touring exhibition : degenerate art . free entry . the street kurt and elisabeth be walk along be decorate with picture of Hitler wreathe with garland , swastika flag and banner announce dresden greet the fuhrer . two man wear hat gaze at elisabeth as she walk past , they eye gleam . kurt 2a . 3 . do you see the way they look at you , aunt elisabeth ? she be well aware of the effect she have on man . aunt elisabeth on Monday nobody here will have eye for I . they will all be cheer the fthrer . kurt I think you be better than Hitler . she smile at a compliment she be unlikely to have hear before . they reach a bus stop just as the bus arrive . the destination board indicate the last stop '' GroBschénau '' . they board the vehicle . int . bus — day the bus driver be a elderly man with kind eye . he know Elizabeth . bus driver so , you be take you nephew on a outing ? and when be you take I on a outing ? elisabeth smile good - naturedly . the driver hand little kurt a bonbon . int . moving bus / ext . street in dresden -— day the large bus wind its way through the street of dresden , the capital of the state of saxony . elisabeth and kurt be sit right at the back in the near-empty bus . the boy gaze out of the building they pass , he expression melancholy . kurt ( point ) over there , that 's where we apartment be . aunt elisabeth ( nodd ) you miss you friend ... kurt do not reply . aunt elisabeth ( teasing ) I know who you miss ... that cute little girl with the flame red braid ... what be she name , johanna , right ? kurt ( embarrassed ) no , not just johanna ... he go silent . the mood change . he be very earnest , almost look like he be about to cry . aunt elisabeth who else do you miss . sometimes it help to just get it out . kurt the schréder - you know , that old couple who be always hold hand , like little child . I miss they . and tilo , they dachshund . whenever I call he , he always run to I ... he choke up . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) but it 's only 75 km from we house to dresden . you can visit they as often as you like . there 's a bus every two hour . be it so difficult to get here today ? aunt elisabeth look out the window , with yearn . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) but you be right , of course . dresden be unbeatable in its beauty . wide shot : as the bus drive over the augustus bridge , in the b/g we see the baroque splendor of dresden in perfect sunlight . aunt elisabeth be not exaggerate . time CUT : by now the landscape outside the window of the bus have become more rural . aunt elisabeth lift she nephew onto she lap . the boy be pleased to be so close to the beautiful girl . she stroke he hair . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) be not you even a little bit happy that you have move in with we ? kurt shrug . at this precise moment he might well be . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) and you can climb the tree behind the house again . do you remember last year , when we be look for you everywhere , and just as we be about to call the police you drop a acorn on uncle gunther 's head ? not many 5 - year- old can climb like you ! she tickle he a little . he laugh . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) you know , I think you father be very brave , not join the Party . one signature and he could have keep he job as a teacher , and the apartment . kurt he say that if a man be not prepare to suffer for he belief there be either something wrong with the man or _ the belief . he say it 's criminal the way the Nazis ... aunt elisabeth ( interrupt , whisper ) I know ... but you do not talk to anybody else like this , do you ? kurt shake he head . kurt mama say she will persuade he to join anyway . and then after the war that will be he capitol . aunt elisabeth ( laugh ) his capital ! she look down tenderly at the boy . she be hold he like a little child . but since he be no longer quite so little , he be lie in she arm almost like a lover . her breast be close to he face and he hand . he gaze up . she notice this . he realize that she have notice but still do not back away . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) you would really like to touch they , would not you ? kurt do not deny . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) but you must not ... her voice be so gentle and soft that it hardly sound like a real rejection . she kiss he quickly on the lip , half maternally . 4 , ext . grobschonau central bus station - dusk elisabeth thanks the bus driver as they step out . the street be empty , the bus station not even boast a building . we have the clear impression that we be out in the province . no other passenger be around . the driver move the bus over to a parking area with half a dozen other bus . elisabeth take little kurt by the hand and walk in that direction herself . through the windshield of the bus we see the driver eat they lunch sandwich . kurt what be it , aunt elisabeth ? do you forget something ? elisabeth give he a mysterious smile and stand in the middle of the area , surround by the bus . apparently the driver all know she : they smile at the attractive girl . she fold she hand together in a plead gesture , and the bus driver nod to each other . one of they lean on the horn , and then another , and soon they be all hoot they horn together . the deep , full sound penetrate everything . elisabeth close she eye , lay she head back and raise she arm as if in prayer , a sort of ecstatic gesture as she relish the deep reverberation that penetrate she entire body . a extreme musical experience . Little kurt be completely bewilder . after a few moment the driver stop hoot . elisabeth emerge from she trance , pull herself together , blow kiss to the driver and take kurt by the hand , lead he away . aunt elisabeth ( to kurt ) to paint a picture which give you that feel . that 's what they be try to do , that degenerate artist ... the driver smile , shaking they head ( clearly this be not the first time ) and then go back to they sandwich and newspaper . 5 . ext . STREET in dresden - day garland of flower hang from the streetlamp and house front , there be swastikas everywhere , and the sidewalk be pack with people . at a bend in the road 100 girl in the uniform of the bdm ( the Hitler youth organization for girl ) be stand to attention . a young , confident ss man be walk through the row of girl , choose the healthiest , blondest and prettiest of they . ss man you come to the front . you , to the front . the girl comply . we gather from the loud shouting and scream that Hitler 's convoy be approach . suddenly the ss man see elisabeth , who gaze straight back at he with open , intelligent eye . ss man ( cont 'd ) you , in the first row . come on . you will hand he the flower . he take a bouquet of flower from another girl and hand they to elisabeth . she act as though she be in some sort of trance . suddenly the convoy come round the corner , and there he be , the fithrer , adolf hitler . familiar from a thousand portrait , photograph , newsreels , statue , medal , coin , stamp and painting ( intercut in rapid succession ) . the ss man lead elisabeth to the front of the crowd . Hitler 's open car stop . the fithrer gaze at she with he icy blue eye , take the flower , pull she close , kiss she on the cheek , hand she a swastika pennant and continue to gaze into she eye even when the convoy start move again , until he can no longer see she . the other girl , excited and curious , surround elisabeth and bombard she with question . 6 . int . waltersdorf - may family house - afternoon Little kurt use he own key to enter the house . Inside the narrow hall there be a large , dark wooden wardrobe , mount antler on the wall . the room be fill with the sound of piano music from the live room : bach 's composition " sheep May safely graze " . for some reason , kurt feel uneasy . he follow the sound of the music . when he enter the live room he see elisabeth sit at the piano , play the music . she be naked . she do not turn to face he . he lower he eye . aunt elisabeth ( without turn round ) do not look away . he look up again . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) do not look away , kurt . if you never look away , you gaze will become strong as steel . you will see the truth . and everything that be be true be beautiful ... she carry on play , lose in the melody . he come closer , gaze at the naked woman . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) this piece be call " sheep May safely graze " . but you must not let anybody notice , if you be a sheep . or you can never graze safely . that 's for sure . she suddenly stop play . now she press one key repeatedly , play the same note again and again . kurt be become increasingly disconcert by she behavior . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) you know , this note make everything alright . this note . the whole power of music , of life itself , of the universe , be contain in this note . people look for the secret code , for the Theory of everything . but here it be : the a in the octave above middle C on the bltithner piano in the may 's live room in waltersdorf . nothing can ever happen to we , because we have this note . she start weep about the note , laugh about the note . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) and now that I have find it , I can play it everywhere . she get up from the piano and gaze at kurt . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) on the table ... she pick up a heavy crystal glass ashtray and hammer it down on the glass top of the sofa table until the room be 9 fill with a menace smash sound . elisabeth seem content . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) even on my head ... she start hit herself over the head with the ashtray , again and again , until blood start seeping through she hair down onto she face . kurt aunt elisabeth , you be bleed . at this moment kurt 's mother , waltraud , and he grandmother , malvine , appear . grandmother malvine elisabeth , for God 's sake , what be you do ?! elisabeth beam at she . aunt elisabeth play a concert for the ftihrer ! int . waltersdorf - doctor 's office - consultation room -— late afternoon malvine seem year older . waltraud , kurt 's mother , have come along for the consultation . the doctor , dr . michaelis , be sit behind he desk in a white coat with he tie neatly fastened . grandmother malvine " youthful delusion " - that make it sound almost harmless . we hear elisabeth 's voice raise hysterically in the wait room outside . aunt elisabeth ( 0.s. ) ( through the door ) mild schizophrenia , youthful delusion ! I can hear everything ! ha , ha , ha ! dr michaelis nothing that cannot be heal by a short break , I should say . waltraud a short break in ... 10 dr michaelis a institution , yes . the two woman look at each other . grandmother malvine we would really like to try give she some rest at home first . she work extremely hard for the school leave exam . and then she go straight into the secretarial course without a _ break . perhaps it 's simply over -exertion . elisabeth come back into the room . she stroll over to a small table where there be several photograph of Dr Michaelis with he family . aunt elisabeth ( call over to they ) be this you wife ? you hate she , be I right ? I can see it , by the way you stand next to she . she imitate he posture in the photograph with eerie precision . Dr Michaelis stare at she , shocked . elisabeth realize this have offended he . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) you can ignore that . after all , I be crazy . dr michaelis ( harshly ) kindly wait outside until we have finish talk . I shall not ask again . elisabeth stroll out of the room casually , as if to stress that she be do so of she own free will . dr michaelis ( cont 'd ) ( lowering he voice ) schizophrenia be a serious condition , so I be oblige to ask : be there other case of mental illness in you family ? grandmother malvine heavens , no ! dr michaelis Depression ? il close - up : a Nazi party badge be visible on the lapel of the doctor 's jacket , under he white coat . waltraud ( attempt to smile ) we be all cheerful . the doctor study they . dr michaelis we doctor be the guardian of the flow of genetic biology . I have to report this case to the Health Department . the decision about committal might not be up to you . grandmother malvine ( rest a hand on he arm ) Dr Michaelis . franz . I know you parent . even you grandparent . please . do not report it . Dr Michaelis remain motionless for a moment . then he pull he arm back . dr michaelis just because it be you , frau May ... but tell I immediately if she condition worsen . malvine be afraid that even by thanking he she may change the situation . she get to she foot . grandmother malvine Goodbye . dr michaelis Heil Hitler . grandmother malvine yes , of course . Heil Hitler . waltraud Heil Hitler . the two woman walk out . Dr Michaelis be alone . he cross to the picture of he wife . he gaze at it and place it face down on the table . then he reach for the phone . 8 . ext . may family house - day Little kurt awake in he room to beautiful sunshine spilling in through the window . he hear sound , sit up 12 in he bed to look outside . a white ambulance pull up . two orderly dress in white get out . kurt come run up in he pajamas and see they drag aunt elisabeth out of the house . her two brother , gunther and ehrenfried , embrace she , as if want to hold on to she . waltraud be stand next to she husband Johann . when kurt 's father see the small boy , he try to send he back into the house , but kurt ignore he . elisabeth be fight desperately , bite and scratch the orderly , until they give she a injection of scopolamine to sedate she . kurt perspective : the picture become blurred , as if to alleviate the sharp pain . kurt 's mother hold she hand over the boy' eye . but he push the hand away , determine to see everything . she cover he eye again , and again he push she hand away , automatically step to one side . elisabeth have calm down and be weep in silence . she gaze at little kurt out of the ambulance window , calmer now , and wave to he . he wave back . she try to say something to he through the window . close -up : elisabeth 's lip mouthing the word : " never look away ! " the ambulance drive off . they be leave stand there , paralyze : grandmother malvine , kurt 's father Johann , he mother waltraud and waltraud 's two brother . uncle giinther rest he hand briefly on kurt 's head . gunther ( always the optimist she will be back soon . but somehow nobody believe this . 9 . int . berlin - fuhrern chancellery - conference room - day insert title : Berlin , 1940 a high , long room in functional gray Nazi bombastic - classical style . 20 man sit at a long conference table , all in ss uniform , all age between 50 and 60 . this be no typical group of ss officer : this man be more intelligent , more precise , better - groom and more pampere than you usual ss thug . at the head of the table be the psychiatrist dr burghard kroll , handsome , malcontent , slightly effeminate . he have the quiet manner 13 of a man who be accustom to people listen when he speak . dr kroll I have like to begin by congratulate you , my dear colleague : since the introduction of the relevant law the weakest percentile of the german population have be render infertile . 400,000 individual . a proud figure . a contribution towards positive breeding that future generation will thank you for . it be now my hope that we shall one day live in a world where the street be completely free of mongoloid , the mentally ill and other deformity . this vision seem to appeal to he listener . dr kroll ( cont 'd ) but it be time to shift into second gear . as a result of the british air raid , we have a increase need for auxiliary hospital place . we can not permit a situation where a wounded german soldier be deny a place in a hospital because it be be use to nurture and maintain useless life . he pause and look round the room . the response be common consent . his gaze rest for rather longer than necessary on carl seeband , a slim man of about 40 who gaze back at he with pierce blue eye . seeband be sit more erect than the other , he suit fit better than the other , he hair be more neatly style than the other - he exude order and control more than anyone else in the room . be there something in kroll 's expression indicate personal attraction ? seeband ( formal and pragmatic ) how can we help ? what can we do ? dr kroll thank you for that question , Carl . he produce a sample medical file . dr kroll ( cont 'd ) gentleman , from now on you be not just doctor and ss officer . you be judge at the genetic Health Court . what do this mean ? well , any patient you have 14 10 . 11 . sterilize or will sterilize in the future , whose medical file you mark with a blue minus sign ... close - up : a pen make a blue " - " on the form dr kroll ( cont 'd ) remain in the institution , and will be look after . however , if we find a red plus sign on the medical file , we understand that the life in question be a worthless one , and the patient will be transfer to one of three special institution in the eastern part of the Reich , to be relieved of he meaningless existence . you pen be you sword . int . dresden gynecological hospital - corridor - day aunt elisabeth , three year older , and calmer , be wear a white hospital gown . she be lead through the white corridor by a attendant . a nurse hold a medical file stand outside a large door with a sign that proclaim in large brass letter that this be the office of Professor Carl seeband . when the attendant appear with aunt elisabeth , the nurse press a button next to the door . int . dresden gynecological hospital - seeband 's office - continuous Professor seeband be sit at he desk on the far side of the large office . he place one last sheet of paper on the impeccably tidy desk into a file . he be wear a brilliant white doctor 's coat over he suit , and we notice a ss badge on the lapel . the tie be perfectly knotted . a small light bulb next to the intercom turn on . seeband press a button . all he movement be perfectly control and practice , almost mechanical , but not without a certain grace . the door open . the nurse enter and place the medical file on the desk in front of seeband . nurse ( whisper ) examination and preliminary interview : elisabeth may. 23 year old . psychiatric patient for three year . diagnosis number 15 14 . sterilization schedule for today 1545 hour . seeband pick up the file and dismiss the nurse with a gesture . nurse ( cont 'd ) ( to elisabeth ) you may enter . the form of address be '' herr Professor " . the attendant wait outside . elisabeth take a few hesitant step into the room . the door be close behind she . she be alone in the large room with the Professor . seeband study the file and , without look up , point to a chair on the other side of the desk . seeband you can sit down . she walk over and sit down . a few second pass . aunt elisabeth good day . seeband Heil Hitler . aunt elisabeth why should I heal he ? you be the doctor . she giggle a little at she joke . seeband look up , he face lack all expression . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) ( meekly , like a child ) Heil Hitler ... Excuse I , I always have to say whatever come to my mind . that 's my problem . seeband be that you only problem ? aunt elisabeth you will have to answer that one . seeband make a note . elisabeth point to a frame water - color on the wall , a landscape with a rainbow . aunt elisabeth be that by you ... daughter ? 16 seeband clearly do not wish the conversation turn to he family . seeband why do you think you be here ? aunt elisabeth because I sometimes do not think very properly . seeband note down she reply . seeband do you know what kind of hospital this be ? elisabeth shake she head . seeband ( cont 'd ) a gynecological hospital . she do not seem particularly impressed . elisabeth continue to gaze at the water - color . aunt elisabeth a very nice girl , you daughter . I can see from the picture . not what you would really call artistically talented . I suppose you might even be pleased by that ? but a lot of heart . I have a nephew the same age . unfortunately he 's very talented . I sometimes take he = to exhibition , to encourage he . seeband very well , now please go and get on to the examination chair in the next room . take off you ... now we hear a loud shout on the other side of the door . man ( off ) ( through the door ) I insist on speak to the professor ! we also hear the voice of the nurse , who be try to calm the man down . seeband get to he foot . seeband Excuse I a moment . 17 he cross to the door , and when he open it , a man age about 50 be gaze at he with such hatred that even seeband be take aback . man well , there he be . seeband herr lohse -wachtler . seeband leave the room , close the door behind he . elisabeth can not hear anything else . on the spur of the moment she reach out for she file , where seeband have be write he note . a few phrase leap out at she : close -up : " diagnosis 14 : schizophrenic disorder " ... " to render infertile " ... " sterilization appointment 1545 hour " . in shock , elisabeth close the file and push it back across the desk . seeband come back into the room . as he close the door , we see the man outside be lead away by two attendant . when seeband sit down at he desk he notice immediately that the file be in a slightly different position . he look elisabeth in the eye , severely . seeband ( cont 'd ) it would have be better have you not see that . aunt elisabeth I be from a healthy background . I know I be healthy . seeband ( point to the file ) Three expert be of a different view . she leap up . aunt elisabeth no ! no ! seeband ( severely ) sit down again . 18 he address she with such authority that she obey . he press the button next to the intercom . immediately the attendant enter and approach elisabeth , who be sit in she chair . seeband you will now go to the examination room and then to the operate theater , and you will cooperate . otherwise we shall have to strap you down , and everything will be more difficult and more painful . elisabeth look round desperately , wring she hand . she suddenly leap up and run past seeband to the furthest corner of the room , as far away as possible , press she back against the wall . aunt elisabeth ( plead ) please ... herr seeband ... herr Professor ... please ... please ! the attendant try to grab hold of she , but it 's difficult to pull she out of the corner . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) ( increasingly hysterical please ... for the fiihrer ... I shall have child , healthy , Aryan child , please , please , please . herr Professor . I will give they to the fiihrer , as we be suppose to . and my child will also give they child to the fiihrer . for the war . you need soldier , do not you ? who else be go to fight ...? who else be go to fight ...? I be only sometimes confuse ... not very often at all ... please . do not take my child away from I . she have become very weak and now allow the attendant to lift she to she foot and lead she towards the door . but after a few step suddenly she pull free and leap at seeband , grab he foot like a sinner in a biblical painting . aunt elisabeth ( cont 'd ) ( shrill , in despair ) you be a father too , be not you ...? please , for you daughter ... she paint 19 12 . too ... she could be my sister ... I could be you daughter ... papa ! papa !! seeband be horrify and revolt but do not want to touch elisabeth himself . the attendant struggle , try to pull she free . close - up : a tear fall onto seeband 's highly polished shoe , splash there . the attendant drag elisabeth to the door . she be still gaze at seeband , stretch she arm out to he . tear be flow down she cheek . the door be close behind she . for a moment we can still hear elisabeth outside ; then there be silence . seeband press the button of he intercom . seeband andrea . I will not perform the operation on fraulein May myself . assign blockmann . andrea ( V. o. ) ( over the intercom ) but he be schedule for the delivery room today . seeband ( impatiently ) then change the schedule ! he turn off the intercom . he look down at the damp tear stain on he shoe , take out a handkerchief and wipe it dry . as he be about to put the handkerchief back in he pocket he look at it in disgust , and drop it into the garbage can . then he pick up elisabeth 's file . after hesitate briefly he reach for a pen and draw a red cross in the appropriate box . ext . arnsdorf sanatorium - day insert title : 1941 the May / barnert family step off a bus onto a dusty village street . they have all make a effort with they appearance . ehrenfry and giinther be in they army uniform , kurt - now nine year old - be in he Hitler youth uniform , complete with armband , and Johann be wear he best suit . malvine and waltraud be in summer dress . grandmother malvine 20 you all look very nice in you uniform . elisabeth will be pleased . they approach the sanatorium . waltraud notice something and turn to she husband . waltraud ( strictly ) Johann ... he turn to she with a guilty expression . she give hima meaningful look . he reach into he pocket and hand she something . a Nazi party badge . she pin it to he lapel as if he be a little boy . Johann ( sadly , resign ) I know : after the war it will be my capital . waltraud and do not forget the salute . Heil Hitler . Johann nod reluctantly . they climb the broad step to the sanatorium . ehrenfried ( whisper to Johann ) if you really can not bring yourself to say it , just say " three liter " very fast . nobody will notice . waltraud ( to kurt ) do not say anything about you painting . and not a word about the nudy ... she raise a admonish index finger . kurt look ashamed . waltraud ( cont 'd ) ( to glinther ) and keep quiet about enjoy heine 's book . we do not have any hobby , and we know nothing about art or culture ... except Richard wagner , of course . she say this so seriously that suddenly everybody start laugh , include grandmother malvina and waltraud herself . 21 13. int . arnsdorf sanatorium - reception - continuous the large reception area of the sanatorium . on one side about 10 uniform nurse pose for a group photo . a photographer have set up a camera on a tripod in front of they . kurt watch with interest . two other nurse be stand at the reception desk . one of they now leave the counter and go over to join the group , while the other turn to Johann . nurse Heil Hitler . Johann take a deep breath . Johann Three liter ! ehrenfry suppress a grin : he be the only one who hear what Johann really say . Johann ( cont 'd ) we have a appointment to visit one of you patient , elisabeth May . I be Johann barnert , she brother - in -law . this be she brother , ehrenfry and giinther . her sister waltraud , she mother malvine . the nurse look through she file . nurse fraulein elisabeth May be transfer the day before yesterday . waltraud transferred ? that 's impossible . nurse order from Central Office . waltraud but where to ? another nurse approach the reception desk . nurse # 2 ( to nurse # 1 ) kathe , we be wait . she indicate the group of nurse who have assemble for a photograph . the nurse who have be talk to Johann 22 14 . nod to indicate she be come , and the other nurse go back to the group . waltraud ( repeat ) where have she be transfer to ? nurse ( check the file ) grobschweidnitz Hospital . grandmother malvine grobschweidnitz ? that 's two day from here ! how be we suppose to visit she ? we have to work . and the boy be on a brief leave from the front . the nurse can not help they . she wave to the other nurse to indicate she be come as quickly as possible ; they beckon she over urgently for the photograph . Little kurt be still watch closely . nurse I can not tell you any more than that . and now I have to go . Heil Hitler . nobody from the family reply . grandmother malvine begin to cry . kurt gaze at the group of smile nurse , make the image blurred ... ext . russia - road outside stavropol - day insert title : Russia , 1943 it be the middle of winter . uncle giinther and uncle ehrenfry be at the Eastern Front , march into a small town in Russia with a company of 40 man . officer reconnaissance in group of two . rendezvous back here in 30 minute . giinther and ehrenfry walk through the town , the civilian population watch they with fearful , awed expression . a little Russian boy hold a camera tug at giinther 's sleeve and point to the camera , indicate that he want to sell it . russian boy one reichsmark . one reichsmmark . 23 gunther laugh . gunther I can not drag a camera all the way to Moscow . but you take a photograph . the boy do not understand . gunther ( cont 'd ) you - click , click - send to Germany ? I give you one reichsmark . you keep camera . now the boy understand . giinther give he a army postal envelope , complete with stamp and address , which the boy gaze at in amazement . the boy indicate giinther should stand next to a wall . it be the most desolate background for a photograph one could imagine , but giinther comply . ehrenfried ( dryly ) " dear mummy , we would like to share with you the magnificence of we life here . " russian boy ulibatsa . he gesture to indicate he meaning : smile . giinther have to smile at this . the boy focus the picture - not entirely successfully - and press the shutter release . giinther hand he a one reichsmark coin and pat he on the head , which again surprise the boy . ehrenfried ( cynically ) what be the chance , would you say , that he really will send the photograph back home ? gunther significantly higher than the chance that we really will make it to Moscow . ehrenfried ( anxiously ) sshh ! if you talk like that , we will not get further than that wall ... montage : a15 . int . may family house - night insert title : 13 *® February 1945 24 15 . 16 . 17 . kurt , now 13 year old , and somewhat too tall for he cot , awake from the sound of airplane engine roaring outside . he sit up to watch they from he window , then decide to run outside . int may family house - night in the backyard , kurt watch american and british warplane race across the sky with a menace thunder . they seem close enough to touch . and there be more and more of they . suddenly something move down from the sky . thin strip of metallic foil - hundred and thousand of they - rain down from the sky like glitter snake . malvine , in she dress gown , come out and stand next to the boy . grandmother malvine metallic foil . I read about that . it 's to interfere with the radio and radar . moment later the city some distance away begin to glow with flame , and we hear muffle explosion . int . moving bus / ext . street in dresden — day the bus driver we know from the open sequence be drive through a archway in dresden . suddenly there be the roar of aero-engine , a whistling sound and a crash as a bomb hit the roof of the building he be drive through . it collapse , bury and kill the bus and everybody inside it . int . dresden - apartment - nursery - night one shot : a mother run into a nursery when she hear the approach bomber . mother johanna ! johanna ! but before she can reach the bed where she ten -year- old daughter johanna ( flame red hair ) be sleep , the incendiary bomb strike . the room be torn apart , the mother immediately kill by shrapnel . the little girl be 25 20 . 21 . 22 . 23 . set on fire ; she leap up but then collapse in a ball of flame . int . dresden - apartment house - cellar - night one shot : a elderly couple , hold hand like little child , rush to make they way to the air raid shelter , along with they little dachshund . they bury by fall masonry as the bomb strike . ext . may family house - night intercut high angle shot of young kurt stand in the garden , who can only see the bomber overhead and the distant flame , but can imagine what be happen there . his mother have join he . we see the distant fire reflect in they face . his mother place she hand over the boy' eye , but he push she hand down . she do not try again . more and more bomber be approach in the sky overhead . kurt 's Pov : he blur the image of the bomber . int . eastern front — warehouse in witebsk - simultaneous ehrenfry and giinther , frost on they now bearded face , be lie close together among other german soldier huddle in field sleep bag inside a icy cold warehouse . we see large sign in cyrillic letter on the wall . suddenly a artillery shell crash through the roof . the german soldier leap up . another shell hit . a fragment of shrapnel strike ehrenfry in the throat , cut open he carotid artery . glinther leap over to he and attempt to staunch the blood . ehrenfry try to say something but can not produce a single word . he die in he brother 's arm . giinther , enraged and desperate , grab he gun and run over to the door , stand with he back to the wall just next to it . he 's ready to run outside ... when a salvo of machine gun fire smashes through the thin wall of the warehouse . pinprick of light create a graphic depiction of the hole make in the wall by the bullet . and suddenly we see blood appear at four place on giinther 's uniform : the bullet have also go through he body . he slump down the wall , dead . int . grosschweidnitz clinic - corridor - simultaneous 26 24 . 25 . in gro&schweidnitz a group of 20 psychiatric patient be lead down a white tile spiral staircase . several patient with down 's syndrome be among they . one of they keep on kissing the wall , while another clutches the hand of the attendant with complete trust . among they aunt elisabeth , now very thin , she eye hollow from misery and malnutrition , look like a mummify child . she also allow herself to be lead without complaint , but at the same time she watch everything very closely . they have reach they destination , and now the patient be lead into the " shower room " . int . grosschweidnitz clinic - " shower room " - continuous Inside this white - tile room the patient obediently spread out so each one be stand underneath a shower head . they look up , puzzle , because nothing happen when they turn the tap . it suddenly become apparent that only the patient themselves be leave in the room . the door be lock . and then carbon monoxide emanate from tiny hole in several pipe that run the length of the room . some of the patient do not understand what 's happen . other begin to scream or weep . elisabeth stand there quite calmly , watch what be happen around she . a few of the patient with more presence of mind run over to the door and hammer on it , try to open it . but it be seal so tightly that it do not move in the slight . int . grosschweidnitz clinic - outside " shower room " - continuous the medical staff stand on the other side of the door look grave and tense . gradually it become quieter inside the shower room . the hammer on the door become weaker and finally stop completely . then the face of the young woman with down 's syndrome appear once again in the small window of the door . when she see the attendant , she give he a friendly smile , kiss the glass and then suddenly adopt a expression of pain . her face register astonishment follow by great sadness . and finally she collapse . then silence . 27 26 . 27 . 28. 29 . int . grosschweidnitz clinic - 20 minute later the room be be wash out with a hose by two ss man , the body clean . then they be drag outside . elisabeth be lie there , she eye wide open , as if even in death she be still watch she murderer . the ss attendant be disconcert by this . attendant you take this side . int . eastern front — warehouse in witebsk - simultaneous german soldier rush past the body of the two brother , they death merely a part of normality . ext . may family house - early dawn kurt be still stand in the garden , stare skyward . now the ally plane be return home . the fire have spread , and the city of dresden be burn in the distance like the vision of hell by Hieronymus bosch . end of montage int . may family house - day - 8th may 1945 insert title : 8 *? May 1945 kurt , 13 year old , no longer a child and not yet a man , be gaze with he steel - grey eye through a crack in the draw curtain of the live room window . waltraud and malvine be sit at the table , listen to the radio . there be three other woman with they . radio announcer people of Germany , the bolshevik horde be approach . they be already outside dresden . they know no mercy . they plunder , rape and murder . you have see in newsreel the image of mutilate german woman and child in East Prussia . lock you door , arm yourselves . and , just as we heroic troops be do , resist in every way possible ! 28 suddenly kurt see two Russian soldier approach the house . he see they alternately in and out of focus . kurt ( strangely calm ) they be here . waltraud no! no !! ( whisper in panic ) do you lock the door ? the door be lock , and every item of furniture that can be move have be push in front of it to keep the chair in place that have be wedge under the doorhandle : a chest of drawer , sideboard , a armchair , and right in front of it even a wardrobe . on this piece , they have pile everything that be at all heavy . the soldier walk up to the front door . everybody inside become silent . we see from inside that the doorhandle be push down , then up , then down again . we hear the muffle guttural voice of the two Russian soldier as they walk around the house . the curtain be draw . suddenly the barrel of a gun smashes through the window , the curtain be tear down with a jerk , and kurt and the woman find themselves look a Russian sergeant age about 40 , in the eye . he appear angry , dirty and exhaust . he point he gun at the people stand above he inside the house . russian sergeant stoitje . halt . stay there . grandmother malvine ( to the other woman , calmly ) do not move . we do not want to anger he . show considerable agility , the sergeant leap onto the window ledge and into the room . his uniform be tear and rag . russian sergeant ( to kurt , indicate the door ) atkroi dwerj . the meaning be clear , but kurt hesitates . grandmother malvine do it , kurt . 29 30 . kurt walk over to the wardrobe which have be place right in front of the chair that be hold the door and try to push it away , but he 's too small and weak . the sergeant laugh , walk over and tip the wardrobe with a powerful shove . it fall and smashes on the ground . the door be now free . the sergeant gesture to indicate that kurt should unlock it . kurt turn the key in the lock . russian sergeant atkroi . kurt open the door . a Russian soldier be stand outside , a private age about 18 who be only slightly taller than kurt . they exchange glance . the sergeant beckon he inside and gesture to indicate that kurt should leave . russian sergeant ( cont 'd ) woann ! ( get lose ! ) kurt look over at the woman one last time . waltraud nod to he . he walk out of the door . the sergeant lock it behind he and then come over to look at the woman more closely . russian sergeant ( cont 'd ) ( to the private , in Russian , subtitle ) choose one . the young soldier hardly dare look at the woman , but after glance at they surreptitiously he finally raise one hand a little and point at waltraud . the sergeant point he gun at she . russian sergeant ( cont 'd ) frau ! come ! ( to the other woman , he voice harsh ) halt . you stay ! you stay ! the other woman nod . the sergeant lead waltraud up the stair , the young soldier follow they . he take she into the first bedroom he find , which happen to be elisabeth 's room . int . may family house - aunt elisabeth 's room - day the sergeant cross to stand next to the bed , still point he gun at waltraud . 30 31 . 32 . 33. 34 . russian sergeant ( to the private , dryly , in Russian ) it 's a little tricky with clothes . undress she . the young private start to undress waltraud . he be not rough with she . he kiss she bare shoulder . clumsily , awkwardly - and then passionately . the private be stand with he back to the sergeant , but waltraud can see the sergeant , who now make a rotate gesture with he tokarev pistol , indicate that she should show a little enthusiasm . waltraud therefore return the private 's embrace , kissing he . satisfied by this development , the sergeant lean back against the wall . ext . may family house - tree top - simultaneous kurt have climb a tree and be gaze straight into the bedroom . he can not look away . he see the picture alternatingly in and out of focus : his mother lie on the bed with the private . the sergeant watch with a expression of interest . ext . roof of dresden town hall - day -— long shot the Soviet flag be raise on the tower of the bomb dresden town Hall in the Old market , to the cheer of the onlook Russians . beneath the sculpture of bonitas with she outstretch arm we see the completely ruin city . int . dresden gynecological hospital - stair - day a squad of uniform Soviet nkwd man ( secret police ) climb the batter staircase of the gynecological Hospital . we see that the roof be miss , and there be rubble everywhere . int . dresden gynecological hospital - corridor - continuous the man march along the corridor with harsh , rapid step until they encounter two young doctor . nkwd officer 31 Professor seeband ? the doctor be all too willing to point out they boss 's office . they watch the Soviet soldier as they march on until they reach the office . just as they be about to knock at the door they notice that there be a large hole in the the wall alongside it , so they can in fact walk straight into seeband 's formerly tidy office . 35 . int . dresden gynecological hospital - seeband 's office - continuous seeband have be expect this visit . he be stand upright behind he desk , a white coat over he civilian suit , as if pose for a official photograph . seeband careful . he indicate a hole in the floor through which we can see the room below . the man walk around it . nkwd officer herr seeband ? seeband Professor seeband . yes , that 's I . he surrender to the Soviets , hold out he hand ; he be immediately handcuff and lead away . 36 . ext . soviet prisoner of war camp muhlberg - day ( establishing ) undernourished german prisoner gather in small group , closely guard by equally undernourished Soviet soldier . 37 . int . soviet prisoner of war camp , muhlberg - commandant 's office - day a large but simple office . a adjutant be use a axe to chop up a valuable rococo commode which have be bring up in a wheelbarrow , toss the piece of wood into a heating oven . seeband be sit opposite the stocky camp commander , nkwd major alexander mikhailovich muravyov , just as elisabeth be sit across from he not so many year 32 ago . the commandant be smoking a non-filter gospodin cigarette and study seeband 's file , check some item with he interpreter and shaking he head in genuine moral indignation . muravyov herr seeband ... seeband Professor seeband . muravyov ( in Russian , to the interpreter , incredulously what do he say ? interpreter ( in Russian ) he want you to call he " Professor " . muravyov smile at this impertinence , get to he foot and sit on the desk so the seat seeband have to look up at he . the cigarette smoke disturb seeband , who be very obviously a non-smoker , but he try not to indicate this . muravyov ladno ( '' alright " ) , Professor . he suddenly slap seeband very hard across the face . muravyov ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian ) where be burghard kroll ? the interpreter translate . seeband who ? the interpreter translate . muravyov ( in Russian , with subtitles ) burghard kroll ? you boss in the ... ( he read ) Reich Medical workgroup . we know about the meeting in Berlin . he hold a photograph in front of seeband 's face . seeband I do not know what you be talk about . I do not know that gentleman . 33 the interpreter translate . muravyov hit seeband across the face again , this time even harder . seeband I still do not know he . muravyov ( lose he temper the only reason we do not hang = you immediately be that we be go to behave better that you swine . we have law . but since there be so many of you swine , it take we a while to find all of you and slaughter you . just like you find and slaughter anybody you do not like . the interpreter translate simultaneously , without any expression . seeband listen closely , display no emotion . muravyov seem to be want to argue with he , to defeat he by reason . muravyov ( cont 'd ) if my child be bear not completely healthy , then he deserve to die ? be that right ? seeband be always prepare to enter into a duel of intellect . seeband the space and resource available to we on this earth be not unlimited . who should have access to they ? the healthy or the sick ? this argument enrage muravyov almost as much as the fact that he can not immediately think of any counter argument . muravyov well , soon there will be one more space available , that 's for sure . 38 . int . dresden elementary school - day kurt 's father , visibly age , be wear a greasy suit . his hair be neatly comb , he be shave , and he be sit with he hat in he lap , also at a desk in a 34 simple office . he force a smile . it 's a job interview . facing he be a german school principal with a Communist Party badge on the lapel of he jacket . school principal ( look at the application folder you have not indicate whether you be a member of the Nazi Party . Johann do not respond . school principal ( cont 'd ) be you a member of the Party ? Johann principal ... for many year I ... school principal yes or no , herr barnert . Johann yes . the principal calmly get to he foot : the interview be over . Johann ( cont 'd ) I be not a Nazi . Three quarter of all teacher be in the Party . school principal and it be to the remain quarter that we shall entrust we child . good day . 39 . ext . soviet prisoner of war camp , muhlberg - seeband 's cell - day seeband have build himself a razor from a piece of break glass , a few bit of wood from a crucifix and a shoelace . he be shave himself . he hear a conversation in Russian between two of the guard and repeat the word they be say quietly to himself . suddenly one of they hear he . guard what be this ? be you repeat what we be say ? seeband know this could be dangerous . seeband 35 I beg forgiveness . the guard look into the cell and see the improvise razor , which impress he . guard ( in german ) you be learn Russian ? seeband ja staraius . ( subtitle : I be try ) the Russian guard gaze at he , somewhat in awe of seeband . guard you will still be hang . 40 . int . soviet prisoner of war camp , muhlberg - commandant 's bedroom - night loud scream of agony from muravyov 's wife , who be lie on the bed , pale and perspire . muravyov be beside himself , pace up and down like a man obsessed , try repeatedly to talk to he wife . but she do not respond . a Russian army doctor be sit at she bedside , take she blood pressure . there be a nurse next to he . muravyov 's wife hot ! it 's hot ! muravyov , thankful there be something he can do , rush to open the window . at that moment another cry of pain from he wife . 41 . int . soviet prisoner of war camp , muhlberg - seeband 's cell - simultaneous seeband be sit on the lower bunk in he cell , read a Russian military pamphlet , say some of the word out loud and repeat they in a attempt to learn they . he underline other word and then write they out on a scrap of paper . another german prisoner offer he a hand - roll cigarette from the top bunk . seeband refuse with a gesture , not bother to look : he be not interested in comradeship or cigarettes . another long cry of pain can be hear in the distance . at the side of the scrap of paper he make a note in a table he have construct , with column head " pre-contraction " , 36 " dilation " and " contraction " , together with estimate time . 42 . int . soviet prisoner of war camp , muhlberg - commandant 's bedroom - simultaneous the Army Doctor be clearly uneasy . sense this , muravyov become even more anxious . muravyov how can it possibly take so long ? army doctor I can not do anything until the contraction begin . we have to wait . muravyov again start pace up and down , wring he hand . he light a cigarette but immediately fling it away . 43 . int . soviet prisoner of war camp , muhlberg - seeband 's cell - continuous seeband knock against the bar of he cell until a obtuse - look guard appear . guard schto ? seeband comrade ! preliminary contraction can not last that long . the baby be in the wrong position . the guard stare at he blankly . seeband ( cont 'd ) the interpreter . the guard still do not understand . seeband perewotchik . he point in the direction of the muffle scream . seeband ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian ) 37 ja magu pamotsch . ja wratsch , nemjetzki wratsch . pozawitje perewotschika . srasu . ( subtitle : I can help . I be a doctor . german doctor . call the interpreter . quickly . ) 44 . int . soviet prisoner of war camp , muhlberg - seeband 's cell - shortly afterward the interpreter , look sleepy and annoyed at have be wake up , be now stand next to the guard outside the cell . interpreter I can not help you . seeband if you do not tell the Major I can help , you will have to shoot I here and now . because I promise you that I will tell he he wife have a chance and = you prevent she from take it . CUT to : 45 . int . soviet prisoner of war camp , muhlberg - commandant 's S bedroom muravyov , distraught and dishevel , address the interpreter in Russian . seeband what be he say ? interpreter he be suspicious . he ask why you want to help . seeband gaze straight at muravyov . seeband I want to help because I can . the interpreter translate while seeband turn 's to muravyov 's wife . her face as white as a sheet , bath in perspiration . she be talk to herself , panic . muravyov 's wife ( in Russian , with subtitles ) 38 a gypsy woman predict I will never have child . how could I believe I be stronger than destiny ?! seeband ignore this and feel she abdomen . seeband ( to the army doctor ) which week ? the interpreter translate . army doctor ( in Russian ) 36 . seeband blood pressure ? the Army Doctor say a number ; the interpreter translate . muravyov 's wife how could I believe I can have child ?! seeband ( firmly ) tell she that she will definitely have one child . and if she want , many more after that . amaze that seeband have understand this so well , the interpreter translate he word . seeband ( to the man ) the baby be in a transverse position . during the contraction the uterus be too hard for I to turn it . I shall open the amniotic sac from inside . in a_ pause between contraction , I turn the baby . the interpreter start translate , then falter . interpreter I be a military interpreter ... I ... seeband understand . seeband ( indicate the army doctor ) tell he to prepare a anesthetic . 39 the interpreter translate . the army doctor hand seeband a pair of rubber glove which be clearly not new . seeband put they on and then point to the bottle of vodka muravyov be drink . he indicate that muravyov should pour the vodka over the glove he and the army doctor be wear . muravyov do so . the nurse hold up a towel , and the army doctor be about to take it . seeband ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian , strictly ) do not dry . do not touch anything . the army doctor put a ether mask over muravyov 's wife 's face and drip some ether on it . she become calm . close - up : seeband 's face as he turn the baby , concentrate hard : he be in he element . seeband ( cont 'd ) now I have the leg ... ( he pull ) now I place the index finger in the baby 's mouth , press the chin against the chest and lever he head out ... the translator translate . after a few second , we hear the cry of a newborn baby o/c . seeband parenj . Zdadowij paren} . ( subtitle : a boy . a healthy boy ) seeband ( cont 'd ) and a healthy , magnificent mother . I congratulate you , Major . seeband take off the glove and extend he hand for muravyov to shake . the commandant do not take he hand but instead embrace seeband and kiss he . muravyov whoever save a life , save the whole world . you have save my world , Professor . nobody will harm a hair of you head . you be now under my personal protection . he open the door and turn to he adjutant . 40 46 . 47 . muravyov ( cont 'd ) get the guest room ready for the Professor , and give he some of my clothes . ext . field in walterdorf - AG insert title : 1948 kurt be sit high up in a tree , gaze across a field . Silent , contemplative , watchful , the way we now know he . close - up of kurt 's face . suddenly we see he expression lighten , he mood change as a insight strike he . he straighten up . the insight remain . he open he arm wide . long shot : display great agility , kurt climb down from the tree . even he gait have change : slower , more deliberate and self - contain now . he stride towards the camera . suddenly , possess by exuberance , he start run towards the camera and then out of the shot . extreme long shot : kurt run across the field . close - up : as he run and jump he expression be one of sheer bliss , the kind of emotion seldom grant to anybody in a lifetime . ext . may family house - day when kurt get back to the house he be breathless , serene and inspire . his father be sit at a plastic table by the door , try to repair a electrical appliance . the component be spread out in front of he . when he see kurt approach he give he a weary , affectionate wave . kurt ( euphorically ) Father ! you do not have to worry any longer ! now I understand ! Johann what ... what be it you understand ? 41 kurt everything ... how everything be connect , what everything mean ... the fact that everything be link .. everything ... ( almost bashful about he happiness ) the code of the world ... his father smile , rather bewilder . kurt I never have to worry again , never have to be afraid again . I be untouchable . Johann ( smile mildly ) that 's nice . kurt no , Father , you do not understand ... you do not have to worry either . I do not even have to be a artist any more . I can choose any profession and will still find the Truth ! Johann pick up he dog and stroke it ; it 's hard to say who look more dishevel , Johann or the dog . in any case , he be as far remove from kurt 's spiritual state as could possibly be . Johann I be happy for you , really . waltraud come out of the house . kurt run up to she twirl she round for a few step , embrace she and run into the house . she look very worried . after a moment kurt come out again , carry a small camera . kurt I have to preserve this moment ! he take a picture of he father with the pomeranian in he arm , another of he mother in she flower - pattern apron , and then run back inside . Johann I know who you be think about . but he 's different . 42 48 . 49 . 50 . ext . dresden street - day kurt be now 19 year old , a man , though since he be so slim and agile , he still have a boyish air . he be walk through a typical ruin street in the inner city of dresden to he workplace , carry a worker 's satchel . all around he the " rubble woman " be hard at work clear up the ruin from the war . insert title : 1951 int . dresden - sign workshop - stair - day kurt race up the stair of the building , slow down at the second flight because the stair be be clean : it 's a hard job , involve a cloth and a bucket of water , and now we see that one of the two people do this work be kurt 's father Johann . kurt greet he briefly ; this daily encounter may be a routine , but it be still uncomfortable for they both . int . dresden - sign workshop - studio - day kurt be work at a long table , painting with incredible dexterity the word of a large banner : " the german Democratic Republic - savior of peace " . on a adjoin table there be another banner : " learn from the Soviet Union mean learn Victory . " and : " always remember at work : you aim be achvieve the five - Year plan . " each of the letter be a meter high . kurt , a burn cigarette between he lip , paint the letter freehand , while the other all use stencil . young painter why do you do it that way ? so you can feel better than the rest of we ? kurt do what ? young painter the work . like that . ( indicate the banner ) drawing freehand while we have to sweat away with stencil . be you show off ? why do you do it ? 43 51 . kurt gaze at he colleague , he expression puzzle and blank . kurt I do it because I can . he bend over the banner again . int . dresden - sign workshop - evening the other have go . figure that he be now alone , kurt put away he brush with red paint , pick up a stick of charcoal and start work on he own drawing , which have a cubist / expressionist style . but the foreman be watch and now switch on the light in the room . kurt quickly shove the drawing out of sight under the sign and pick up a paintbrush . a small glass of paint tip over and spill onto the letter . kurt quickly blot it off and finish one of the letter . the foreman come over to he . foreman you can take the material home with you if you want , as long as you bring they back the next day . kurt remain silent . foreman ( cont 'd ) next month there be application for the Academy of Art . kurt suspect this may be a trap . kurt ( cautiously ) I be content with this work . the foreman lift up one end of the banner and pull out the drawing ; kurt realize there 's no point try to disown they . one of the sketches be a skull in the style of Picasso . then three more skull in beckmann style . a erotic charcoal draw that look like something by kokoschka , but next to it we see the contort , break body of a man . a third sheet of paper , look like a blend of odilon redon and kubin , show a scary human face , hardly recognizable , with the body of a animal . 44 52 . 53. foreman ( really annoyed ) what 's the idea ? do this help the work man ? give you father more strength when he 's clean the stair ? you do want to help he , do not you ? do not you even arrange for he to get the job . kurt have no idea whether he be go to be dismiss now , punish in some other way , or what . the foreman study the drawing . he 's still annoyed , but he look at they with the kind of intensity that any artist hope to provoke . his expression soften . foreman ( cont 'd ) you have be through a lot of shit , have not you ? it be more of a statement than a question . foreman ( cont 'd ) but do you really think it help to wallow in it ? do you think that help create a world where you child will have better life than you ? that 's what communism be all about . he look at the drawing a moment longer . foreman ( cont 'd ) I will support you application . before kurt can respond : foreman ( cont 'd ) the girl at the Academy be prettier than here . ext . dresden academy of art - day the foreman be not exaggerate . the young woman walk up the outside step of the lipsius building , which be still magnificent despite the visible effect of the bombing , be as beautiful as could be . int . dresden academy of art - lecture theater - day 45 the fine lecture theater be in darkness , although in a few place it have not be possible to repair the bomb damage , and here the sun stream through in large beam of light which be clearly visible in the cloud of cigarette smoke that fill the room . the lecture theater be pack with student , all happy to be here . a gaunt Professor , horst grimma , a painter about 60 year old with a friendly , open face , be lecture with great commitment and warmth . he pick up a new photograph ( show a painting of a group of surveyor at work in the countryside ) and place it on the surface of a old episcope . he project the image on the screen next to the blackboard , where two word have be write : Socialist realism . professor grimma can you see that here somebody have abandon all vanity and devote himself entirely to the service of the cause ? the service of the people ? he allow the image to have its effect on they . professor grimma ( cont 'd ) naturally we do not ask from you the coarse , naturalist " aesthetic " of fascism , which replace art by kitsch in the most bourgeois fashion . now he show reproduction of fascist work of art by arno breker , josef thorak and willy kriegel . professor grimma ( cont 'd ) and naturally we do not want mechanical , photographic - style copy in naturalist mode . what we require from you , what we need from you , be a creative , analytical , realist style that arise from the union of reality itself and you artistic relationship to it . work on you attitude , on you craft - and the right art will come out of you of its own accord . he change the image again . professor grimma ( cont 'd ) naturally we be well able to differentiate between a salvador dali , this supporter of Hitler and franco who elevate schizophrenia and paranoia to a higher level of existence ... 46 he depict postcard from the West show dali 's dream picture : burn giraffe , the skin of a face on stilt , William tell 's gigantic phallus grow out of he backside . professor grimma ( cont 'd ) and a passionate anti-fascist like Pablo Picasso , who create powerfully realistic picture demonstrate a genuine solidarity with the work class ... he now show some of Picasso 's earlier work : the barefoot girl , the poor old man in the chair - but then he add the blind man 's meal and the beggar with child from Picasso 's Blue period . professor grimma ( cont 'd ) although he very soon slip into a decadent , obscene formalism . why ? because he want to be consider a innovator , not a traditionalist . now he show a series of Picasso picture where color and form dissolve : breast and tongue on the beach , female figure melting away . professor grimma ( cont 'd ) innovation , creative independence , artistic freedom - word that initially sound extremely attractive to a artist . " I , I , I . " but a modern artist can only achieve real freedom if he serve the interest of the people . the " I , I , I " stance lead to misery . Professor grimma look up to see whether this point have be accept and understand . he be extremely serious about everything he say . professor grimma ( cont 'd ) at best it will lead to be subsidize by decadent , wealthy " collector " , exploiter of the work man who delight in maintain that they have nothing in common with the people , not even the same taste in art , and for whom art can therefore never be perverse and absurd enough . 47 54 . the professor seem passionate about this . professor grimma ( cont 'd ) now , there be fashionable theory which claim that the condition of mental sickness be in a sense a higher state , so schizophrenics and paranoic can achieve spiritual height within they madness that be not accessible to ordinary people . he show some particularly " sick " painting : nightmare landscape make flesh in the work of Max Ernst , early work by Francis Bacon with they own shrill power . professor grimma ( cont 'd ) but this theory do not develop by chance . they be characteristic of a epoch of decadence , of the dis - integration of civil culture : decay , mysticism and pornography . empty form , artificial construction , square , line , circle , globe and dice . all that , just in order to be consider a " innovator " ? yes , it 's innovative , it 's new . but it 's also wrong . and vain . and stupid . undemocratic . decadent . do not be like that . be different . be different . int . dresden academy of art - student 's studio - day several student be work at they easel on picture of the scene that have be set up in front of they , a muscular work man be lean on a heavy hammer . student would you please turn this way in profile again ? worker model ( in a high voice and heavy saxon accent ) where ? who say that ? the student laugh : the man 's voice be completely at odd with the scene . a entirely different student reply . student # 2 me. worker model 48 55 . ( get upset ) oh , I almost think you be do this deliberately to make I cross ! the student laugh even more , and the worker storm off . kurt have make more progress with he picture than the other . he have understand what be require and have transformed the man 's everyday shirt into a mint- grey East german worker 's blouse , invent a factory landscape in the background and give the man a proud , masculine expression . the worker come back with Professor grimma , have complain . although the professor do not take he entirely seriously either , he 's still annoyed that he student ' joke be interrupt the work . professor grimma be this a kindergarten or what ?! the professor walk around , look at the student 's effort and become increasingly irritate . professor grimma ( cont 'd ) yes , I be beginning to think it be ... the picture really be not anything special , awkward first - year attempt . but when he come to kurt 's easel he stop . please , he beckon the worker , who come over and study the picture of himself . worker model ( in he falsetto ) yes , I think you have capture the essential I . now not even the professor can hold back a laugh . int . dresden academy of art - student 's studio - noon the model have leave , and the last of the student be go to lunch . the only two leave be kurt and max , the student sit next to he , a athletic , slim young man with smooth black hair . Max have produce a mediocre copy of kurt 's idea with a very similar factory landscape . now Max also get up to leave . max ( to kurt ) you come ? 49 kurt be so engross in he work that he do not reply . max ( annoyed , impatient ) can I at least have my cap back , then ? kurt hand it to he : he have paint Max 's lenin-style cap to cover the head of the worker in he picture , thus create a perfect example of socialist realism . max ( cont 'd ) what more do you want ? yes , you picture 's best . but kurt be apparently still not content with it . max man shall not live from bread alone , you know ? kurt smile but refuse to be distract . max ... but from ever pretty girl he might meet in the canteen , right ? kurt I will be along soon . but Max seem to know kurt will not bother come , so he turn and walk off . after a moment another student stick he head round the door and triumphantly hold up two faber castell pencil , call to kurt . student # 4 a girl in the fashion Department be give away western pencil ! 56 . int . dresden academy of art - corridor and stair - continuous this , kurt do not need to be tell twice . he run out and along the corridor , and then with astounding agility race up the outside edge of the staircase and reach the upper floor before the crowd . 50 57 . int . dresden academy of art - fashion department - continuous sewing machine , sewing table , roll of material , dressmaker 's dummy wear extravagant outfit . it all make a powerful contrast to the neo - baroque ruin that house the fashion Department . a excited little group have gather around one of the sewing table . kurt join they . Max be slightly in front of he . he turn and grin at kurt . kurt catch a glimpse of the girl , sit regally at she sewing table , smoking , a large box of pencil at she elbow . she be hand they out with a gentle smile . suddenly , through the crowd , they eye meet . it be a trance - like moment . student elisabeth ! I too , please ! the sound of this name cause kurt to snap out of he trance . she turn to the student who call out . suddenly Max lean over and whisper in kurt 's ear . max ( determine ) do not even bother try . she 's mine . watch and learn how it 's do ! ignoring this , kurt pick up from a nearby table a sheet of paper with a clothes pattern and start fold it . Max have reach elisabeth , but suddenly find himself intimidate by the beautiful girl . she pick up the last of the pencil and look at the label . elisabeth ( read the label ) F , 2b or 4b ? when Max do not reply she look up . elisabeth ( cont 'd ) well ? max 2b , thanks . but what I would like even more than a pencil be ... elisabeth have already turn to the next student . elisabeth F or 4b ? 51 Max step aside and sneak a glance at kurt , hope he friend have not see the way he be reject . but kurt have . Max walk off . the small crowd disperse . only kurt be leave . kurt you name be elisabeth ? she nod , smile at he serious expression as he ask . elisabeth do you want one ? there 's only 4b leave . she hold out a shine green faber castell pencil . suddenly he stick out he tongue . there be a razor blade on it . he take it between he finger and , with considerable dexterity , cut four notches in a kind of open box that he have produce at great speed by fold the clothes pattern . it suddenly become apparent that he have create a perfect origami ashtray for four cigarettes . he take the pencil and present she with the ashtray in exchange . then he pretend to swallow the razor blade again . when she laugh he put it back with the other razor blade on she table . kurt a golden pheasant like you should not use a normal ashtray . elisabeth ( indignant ) Golden pheasant ? I can not let you get away with that . kurt I completely agree . a walk ? in the park ? she look bewilder . kurt ( cont 'd ) so I can correct my misapprehension ? 58 . ext . dresden - park - day they be walk along side by side in silence . sometimes he look over at she . elisabeth be increasingly surprised that he do not utter a word . 52 they come past a large building in ruin with a banner hang on it , proclaim in large letter : " learn from the Soviet Union mean learn Victory " . we see from a place where some paint be spilt onto it that it be the very banner kurt paint himself . but he do not say anything . elisabeth I think you want to talk to I . kurt I want to go for a walk with you . elisabeth very well , then I will make conversation . he gesture to indicate that she should proceed . elisabeth ( cont 'd ) Socialist realism ... be that really you kind of art ? he consider this for a moment . kurt probably about as much as Lotte ulbricht 's be you kind of fashion . he be still gaze steadily at she . elisabeth why do you keep look at I like that ? kurt you remind I of someone . elisabeth would you like to paint I ? kurt I do not know . would you like to make a suit for I ? she laugh . however , it be not entirely clear whether he be joke . elisabeth I have to get home . kurt May I accompany you ? just to the door ? 53 59 . they walk through the ruin of dresden until they come to a area of large villas and stop in front of a spectacular building from the late 19th century , wiener strasse 91 . ext . seeband 's villa - continuous there be a wooden sign at the door : gret palucca dance School . through the large window we see couple dance , and we hear jaunty music . kurt you be take dance lesson ? elisabeth ( laugh ) I live here . the house belong to we . kurt look up admiringly at the magnificent building . kurt well , you have not really prove I wrong about the golden pheasant thing . elisabeth we be just lucky : the house be not even hit once . before the war the whole street look like this . they both look at the ruin which the majority of the building around they have be reduce to . she look at he again . he gaze back steadily . it be a moment of silence that neither of they find uncomfortable . elisabeth you have such confidence . certainty . almost as if you know something . he gaze at she , shaking he head modestly , smile slightly . elisabeth ( cont 'd ) Goodbye , kurt . kurt Goodbye ... he falter . think he have forget she name , she respond with a indignant laugh . elisabeth 54 60 . elisabeth ! kurt could I call you something else ? maybe you have a nickname ? elisabeth ( take aback ) everybody call I elisabeth , really ... kurt " really " always mean precisely the opposite be true . elisabeth ( laugh ) alright . my father call I ellie . he like the name . kurt Goodbye , ellie . ellie walk through the gate into the garden , close it behind she and turn back . he be stand there motionless , gaze at she . kurt ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) elisabeth . int . may family house - kitchen - day kurt be sit a the kitchen table , work on a draw of ellie in which she be smoking , look seductively glamorous . he be also smoking , though with he it make he look more like a proletarian . next to he there be also a new sketch of the seeband villa in wiener strasse . the house also seem to have impressed he . his desk be very tidy . on a adjoin table we see a small collection of picture that kurt have cut out of newspaper , include one of the british lancaster bomber , and one of a group of nurse that look very similar to that in the sanatorium all that year ago . alongside this be several work of literature bound in beige , with gold title . suddenly we hear a woman scream loudly . then again . 55 61 . kurt leap up and run out , follow the sound of the next scream and racing up the stair to the attic . he push aside sheet and shirt that have be hang up here to dry , which be block he view . finally he find he mother stand in front of a laundry basket , and then he see the body of he father hang from a beam by a rope . once again , he eye blur the image . int . dresden academy of art -— student 's studio - day kurt enter . everybody turn to look at he . he walk over to he chair and sit in front of he easel . Max squeeze he shoulder . the professor approach . professor grimma you could have take off a few day more , kurt . kurt shake he head , pick up he brush and start mixing the paint . he look over at the worker who be again stand in front of they as a model . kurt start painting . montage - kurt work on the painting through lunch . - kurt gaze at the model with he steel - grey eye . - as well as the male worker there be also a woman ... look less than dignify as she pick she nose . - kurt peer critically at he painting . - kurt paint over the face of the woman . - kurt work into the night on he painting . - Professor grimma come round , look at the student 's effort . when he reach kurt he have to fight back he emotion and pat he young student on the shoulder appreciatively . - Close - up : kurt have give the proud work woman , visible in profile next to the male , the face of ellie . her face be at precisely the angle that ellie 's face be when he first see she and sketch she . even when he be look at she , he have always be think of the completion of he painting ... end of montage ellie ( 0.c . ) a golden pheasant as a proletarian ? kurt turn round . 56 62 . her expression indicate that she have hear what happen . she have in she hand a suit and shirt which she hold up to he . ellie ( cont 'd ) you be now my seminar project . he smile and start to get undress , gaze steadily at she as he unfasten he belt , take off he pants , unbutton he shirt ... until he be wear only underpant . his body be muscular , youthful , without much hair . but if he hope to disconcert ellie , he have not succeed : she gaze at he closely , a sensation he enjoy . he put on the shirt and suit . it fit perfectly and look very good . the material be coarse and natural , cut wide : suddenly he look like a important artist . he catch a glimpse of himself in a mirror . kurt I will never take it off . CUT to : int . seeband 's villa - ellie 's room - night the suit be on the floor next to ellie 's clothes in she large , old - fashioned room on the third floor of the villa . they be lie on she bed , naked , kissing tenderly , gently . he gaze at she . kurt it 's far too easy to love you . you be so beautiful , it 's almost unromantic . she laugh a little and hit he playfully with a pillow . kurt ( cont 'd ) do you love I ? she stop , take aback by the question . kurt ( cont 'd ) do you love I ? otherwise ... it do not work ... with I . she do not understand . kurt ( cont 'd ) otherwise it do not work . ellie I love you . 57 he become more passionate and arouse . kurt ( very openly ) really ? ellie yes . now he can let himself go . ellie ( cont 'd ) I love you ! really , I love you . int . seeband 's villa - ellie 's room - night ( several hour later ) they be lie in bed . the two young body be only light by the moonlight and the flame of a candle . kurt stroke ellie 's back . she seem calm , relaxed , as we have not see she before . ellie will you still be able to look I in the eye tomorrow ? kurt what do you mean by that ? ellie when we see each other tomorrow , completely normal , fully dress , in the Academy , with the teacher ... ( correct herself with a laugh ) Professors ! with the other student in the canteen ... will you look at I in exactly the same way ? kurt ( tenderly , serious , meaningful ) no . she smile . suddenly the room be fill by the light from a car headlight . she freeze and listen . we hear voice . a door be opened . we hear the crunch of gravel . ellie sit up straight . ellie my parent ! 58 64 . kurt I think they live in chemnitz ? she leap over to the window , peer out cautiously : down below we see the figure of three adult , two woman and a man , who have emerge from a car and be approach the front door . she look round . there be no key in the door , and there 's no closet or any place where kurt could hide . intercut : close - up of highly polished man 's shoe come up the stair . ellie my father ! ( go pale ) my God , what shall we do ? kurt give she a look as if to say : " we will just have to let this play out " . but she expression be one of such despair that he now open the window , climb onto the ledge and jump out - still completely naked - towards the fir tree which be a good three meter away . after she initial shock ellie look round the room and see he suit ; she sweep it up with a quick gesture , fling it out of the window , leap into bed , pull up the sheet and pretend to be asleep . a second later the door open to admit ... Carl seeband . a little older but just as control and precise as ever . he see ellie lie there , look over at the open window , come into the room and close it . he cross to gaze down at ellie for a moment , lean forward as if to kiss she - but merely blow out the candle . then he walk out of the room . ext . seeband 's villa - fir tree / entrance - continuous kurt be climb down the tree , still about 6 meter from the ground . woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) ( coolly ) good night , frau hellthaler . at the same time frau seeband , a elegant , attractive blonde in she mid-40s , come back out of the house to pick up two bag she leave by the front door . she see the 59 65 . 66 . 67 . stray clothes lie on the ground , frown in surprise and pick up the pants . then she look up at the tree in front of she , branch tremble suspiciously . ext . seeband 's villa - fir tree - continuous kurt have reach the lowest branch and now jump to the ground , roll over and get to he foot , a manoeuver which bring he face to face with frau seeband . he be stark naked , while she be very dress in a dior-style suit with a fur collar and hat . she gaze at he in surprise , curious , the suggestion of a wry smile on she face . by now she have pick up all the clothes , include he sock and underpant , and hand they to he without a word . he take they , also without speak , gaze at she for a moment longer than strictly necessary and then run off . frau seeband pick up the bag and go back into the house . int . seeband 's villa - entrance - continuous as frau seeband walk back into the house she husband be come down the stair . she give no indication of what have happen . frau seeband elisabeth ? seeband sound asleep . she leave a candle burn ; when be she finally go to grow up ?! frau seeband yes , young people ... it sound more wistful than disapprove . int . dresden academy of art - canteen - day kurt be have lunch with friend . suddenly ellie appear , wear tight pants and a soft , light - blue pullover which emphasize she figure . kurt look up at she and blushes . ellie attempt to downplay she uncertainty by appear confident , but the other assess the situation correctly , get to they foot and leave 60 make various excuse . ellie sit down , determine not to allow any awkwardness between she and kurt to develop . ellie thanks for risk you life to preserve my reputation . but do not ever do anything that reckless again . kurt attempt a reckless smile , but he have to express what be worry he . kurt do you parent ...? ellie they do not notice a thing . not a thing . kurt be surprised to hear that she mother say nothing . ellie they 's be move back to dresden . my father be get he old job back , as hospital director . but he have to rent out two of the room in we house . otherwise he will get into trouble with the residence allocation Office . he 's go to put up a sign tomorrow . kurt but the dance school be there ? ellie that 's only the first floor . we have seven bedroom upstairs . for I , my parent and papa 's " secretary " . there be a scornful undertone as she say this last word . she gaze steadily into kurt 's eye . ellie ( cont 'd ) would you perhaps like to be the first to discover that sign tomorrow , quite by chance ? there be large tree outside the big window , and the powerful sunshine project the shape of leave alternate with area of bright light over she face and body . it 's like a painting . kurt can do nothing but stare at she . ellie ( cont 'd ) 61 I mean , they could not really hold it against I if I fall in love with a tenant they themselves have choose . kurt but ... you mother ? do not you think she might sense something ? ellie oh , mama ! she 's such a innocent . you do not have to worry about she . she will not suspect a thing . really , not a thing . from she intonation we gather there may be something that she mother ought to suspect about seeband . 68 . ext . seeband 's villa - day seeband 's secretary , frau hellthaler , open the door . frau hellthaler yes ? kurt I have come about the sign . be the room still to rent ? frau hellthaler we put the sign up a quarter of a hour ago . kurt be that a yes ? she beckon he inside and indicate a chair where he should sit . 69 . int . seeband 's villa - entrance hall - continuous frau hellthaler ( call ) frau seeband . somebody have come about the room . frau seeband ( call back ) that be quick . 62 she come down the stair look very elegant : it 's obvious where ellie get she fashion sense . kurt get to he foot almost reluctantly , hardly dare to meet she eye . she slow down briefly when she recognize he but then walk on . frau seeband ( cont 'd ) that really be quick . she extend she hand , and he shake it be shyly as a schoolboy . kurt ( murmur awkwardly ) kurt barnert . she gaze at he with interest . frau hellthaler be still stand next to they . frau seeband what be you profession ? kurt I be a student . frau seeband fashion . kurt Painting . frau seeband Painting ... her intonation be almost dreamy , and so gentle that he finally look up . we hear a door be open upstairs , and then a man 's footstep walk toward the stair . seeband ( 0.s. ) ( from above , authoritatively frau hellthaler . come up here , would you ? frau seeband ( call up , still gaze at kurt ) Carl , there 's a tenant for one of the room . do come down for a moment . seeband come down the stair , he every movement precise , wear read glass and hold a open file . he gaze at kurt . kurt look straight back at he . 63 seeband 's Pov : kurt 's face , the lower lip twitching very slightly . kurt 's Pov : seeband narrow he eye in professional scrutiny . when seeband have reach the bottom of the stair he cross to kurt and stand directly face he . seeband you have facialis . kurt do not understand . seeband ( cont 'd ) facialisparese - partial facial paralysis . ( point to he mouth with one finger ) the hang corner of the mouth . do you have a accident at some point , or borreliosis ? kurt try hard to straighten the corner of he mouth . frau seeband take the file from she husband and pass it to frau hellthaler . frau seeband ( to frau hellthaler ) would you be so kind and take this up to the office ? then my husband can have a few word with ... the tenant . frau hellthaler comply . frau seeband ( cont 'd ) ( to kurt ) my husband be a doctor ; it be he passion . that mean occasionally one get a free diagnosis . seeband you should have that examine . cortisone can help . fail that - surgery . frau seeband ( to she husband ) kurt come with the best recommendation . ( kurt look astonished ) we have already agree on the rent . but of course it 's you decision whether he get the room or not . seeband gaze at kurt : he do not like the way the young man look straight at he . 64 frau seeband ( cont 'd ) kurt want to be a painter . kurt I be a painter . seeband the facade of the house be start to peel . perhaps we could set that off against the rent . kurt I be not that kind of painter . seeband then what kind be you ? kurt a painter of picture . seeband Socialist realism ? kurt be there any other kind ? seeband I hope not . frau seeband give she husband a gentle , implore look : this be the only way she can mollify he . seeband ( cont 'd ) you can have the room anyway . kurt thank you , herr seeband . seeband Professor seeband . 70 . jq.int . seeband 's villa - ellie 's room - night two burn candle and two glass of wine next to the bed . Silent , passionate sex . ellie be on top , and when a slight sound emerge from kurt 's lip she place she hand over he mouth . he laugh . she hold he mouth close more tightly , and this become part of they love - play . they roll around on the bed , laugh silently . 65 71 . 72 . 73. int . seeband 's villa - frau hellthaler 's room - simultaneous top view : we see the muscular back of a man during sexual intercourse . also silent . the camera move backward and to one side . now we recognize that it be Carl seeband 's back , and underneath he be frau hellthaler . as he penetrate she she gaze at he with a expression that blend devotion , arousal and despair . int . seeband 's villa - stair / corridor - night kurt creep down the stair , clutching he shoe , and then along the corridor . he hardly make a sound . just as he very cautiously push down the door handle of he room , the door of the room opposite open - and seeband come out , frau hellthaler in the background , naked . everything be reveal to kurt . seeband keep himself completely under control and retain the upper hand . seeband what be you do up so late ? kurt I ... I have be out . seeband sniff briefly . seeband alcohol ? hardly conducive to good work . you should get to bed . seeband close the door and stride up the stair without look back . after a moment kurt enter he room , as plan . int . seeband 's villa - parent 's bedroom - night frau seeband be lie in the double bed , eye wide open , face away from the door . her expression be one of sadness , but it also reveal she love for seeband . he know she be awake . seeband I do not like that kurt . we must make sure ellie do not get too friendly with he . 66 frau seeband ( motionless ) why ? seeband so she can marry well , of course . ( amiably ) just as you marry well . he lie down on the bed next to she , place one hand on she side . after a moment 's hesitation she place she hand on he ; despite everything she be grateful for this small indication of affection . 74 . int . seeband 's villa - kurt 's room - day Bright sunshine penetrate at the window . kurt enter he room and find seeband there , gaze quite openly at he picture . kurt Professor seeband , about yesterday ; of course I would never .. but seeband do not want to hear this , retain the upper hand as always . seeband ( interrupt ) you have a new subject . me. for the director 's gallery . ( indicate a sketch portrait of lenin ) that style , more or less . we start tomorrow at four in the afternoon . in my office at the hospital . he stride out of the room . 75 . int . dresden gynecological hospital - seeband 's office — four in the afternoon seeband 's secretary show kurt into he office . kurt be carry he easel and a prime canvas . the radio be on . secretary the Professor will be here in a minute . you may take a seat . she walk out . 67 seeband 's office seven year after we last see it . the desk be still in the same place . everything else have be refurbish in the style of a 1950s executive office . there be a wood - panele mende radio on a corner table . kurt walk round the room , gaze at the chair and the wall with such intensity , it be almost as though he sense something . seeband enter . seeband I think you could set up you easel here . seeband have arrange everything : the perfect background with a bay window and several medical diagram . kurt set everything up as require . seeband ask kurt to turn up the radio : a news bulletin . news announcer ( v.o . ) ( with conviction ) since the people of the german Democratic Republic unanimously desire peace and the unification of Germany , Prime Minister grotewohl have present the government of West Germany in bonn with proposal for free election throughout the whole of Germany . this proposal be reject by the western power and the adenauer government , in line with they war policy . seeband adopt a practice pose , he hand casually in he jacket pocket . he know it make he look attractive , wise , understanding and relaxed . the perfect doctor , hospital director and man . and he maintain this pose without move in the slight . kurt first sketches he outline on the canvas in charcoal . news announcer ( v.o. cont ’d ) as a further consequence of this war policy , the government in bonn and the western occupy power have introduce strict border and custom control at the demarcation line , in order to emphasize the separation of the western german region from the german Democratic Republic and thus deepen the division of Germany . 68 76 . by now we can see clearly that kurt have accurately capture on the canvas seeband 's pose . news announcer ( v.o. cont ’d ) the lack of any corresponding protection at the border of the german Democratic Republic have be exploit by the western power in order to infiltrate increase number of spy , terrorist and smuggler into we country . up to now this individual have be able to return without any obstacle across the demarcation line to West Germany after perform they criminal activity . kurt begin to apply paint to the canvas . news announcer ( v.o. cont ’d ) consequently we be oblige to take measure in order to defend the peaceful interest of the german Democratic Republic . the Ministry of State Security have be give the task of implement this measure . after a hour seeband glance at the clock , get to he foot and cross to look at the canvas kurt be work on . he switch off the radio . seeband that 's pretty much what I have in mind . very good . we will continue tomorrow at four o'clock . Three session should be enough ? int . seeband 's villa - ellie 's room ellie be lie in bed , naked , half under the sheet . she stretch seductively . kurt be sit on she sofa , look through the family photograph album . ellie why be you look at that terrible picture ? I look awful in they . come over here . but kurt ignore she . he be look at a photograph of seeband at the beach , lean forward , he arm around he wife and ellie , who be in front of he . 69 close - up : seeband 's face in the photograph . ellie ( v.o. cont 'd ) ( disappointed ) you be not look at I at all ... she have come over to he and be look over he shoulder . kurt why do even the most idiotic amateur snapshot have more reality than my painting ? ellie papa like it . kurt that 's exactly the point . hardly anybody like a photograph of himself . everybody be suppose to like a painting . the photograph must be truer . kurt look further through the album : photograph of seeband with the staff of the clinic . kurt why do you father go to work in chemnitz anyway ? he be hospital director here before . ellie seem reluctant to reply . kurt wait it out . ellie he do not want we to talk about it ... kurt wait . ellie ( cont 'd ) ( hesitantly ) during the war papa treat the wife of goring and Goebbels ... reaction from kurt . ellie ( cont 'd ) ( quickly ) simply because he 's the best gynecologist ... they come 200 km from Berlin , as if nobody there be capable of do a smear test ... just imagine ! anyway , as a reward they make he a honorary member of the ss . he could not 70 77 . refuse . but of course after the war it be hard to explain to the Russians that he do not have anything to do with the Nazis otherwise . they comb through all the archive but could not find anything against he . kurt look at the picture again . maybe he really be read something into it which do not exist . but he still can not respond to ellie 's caress . kurt today the Professor call I a willi sitte type artist . ellie but that 's good . I mean , he 's successful . kurt ( scornfully , almost to himself willi sitte type ... I think I have to get out of here . ellie out of where ? but she know exactly what he mean . ellie ( cont 'd ) you be not serious ... but thing be go so well for we here ... I could never leave mama . kurt gaze ahead thoughtfully . ellie ( cont 'd ) you be just say that , be not you ? she take he silence as agreement and kiss he . now he return the kiss . ext . dresden academy of art - day insert title : 1956 Professor grimma intercept kurt at the entrance to the Academy of Art . professor grimma ( excitedly ) 71 78. you diploma work convinced the committee . they have select you to paint the mural for the new Museum of hygiene . the theme be '' the Joy of life under socialism . '' ( friendly , make a confession ) it 's a job I think some professor would also have like . kurt a mural ? professor grimma yes . kurt I be not a muralist . professor grimma kurt , we both know you can do it . kurt I be sorry . that 's not for I . that 's pure decoration . professor grimma ( bewilder ) you would immediately have guarantee work . even money . kurt it 's not I . professor grimma ( disappointed ) I , I , I . the professor walk off . int . seeband 's villa - ellie 's room - night kurt and ellie be lie completely motionless , kurt on top of she , they arm outstretch on both side . each part of one body be touch the corresponding part of the other . they be still breathe heavily . kurt now move he hand slightly so that each last one of he finger be precisely on top of hers . she kiss he . kurt ( whisper ) no , do not move ... please . 72 she become motionless again , she cheek against he . kurt ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) this way I can imagine that we be one body . for several moment they breathe in unison . silence . ellie ( whisper ) I be pregnant . at first kurt do not react at all . kurt ( whisper ) then you fully belong to I now . she look at he curiously ; this be not the reaction she have be expect . kurt ( cont 'd ) ( smile gravely ) with I , I mean . she roll over to one side , kiss he and gaze into he eye . kurt ( cont 'd ) we have to tell they . ellie . ellie maybe we should start by tell they that we be together . to divide the shock into little piece ? kurt I think you mother might have already guess something ... ellie it 's not mama I be worried about . papa will be devastate . I will always be 12 year old to he . int . seeband 's villa - parent 's bedroom - simultaneous seeband be lie on the bed , make note . he be aware that he wife be not asleep . 73 80. seeband I think ellie be pregnant . frau seeband what ?? seeband for several week now the temperature of she hand have be slightly elevate , but no cold symptom . yesterday she leave the room twice at dinner , do not touch she porridge at breakfast , and hold onto the chair when she get up ... the 3 *¢ month , I would say . maybe the 4t , frau seeband my God , she 's still a child herself ! seeband the problem be not she age but the man . frau seeband who could it be ? he give she a look which say : " spare I the game " . seeband leptosomic , melancholic , heavy smoker , facial paralysis , a " painter " . this be not the genetic material I want for we descendant . we must prevent it . frau seeband but how ? seeband ( calmly ) after 30 year as a gynecologist I can tell you I have rarely see a relationship survive a abortion . int . museum fur hygiene —- entrance hall - day kurt be stand on high scaffold , painting the " Joy of life " mural . he be base the work on a number of drawing , include one of ellie in a white bathing suit . he make she belly slightly extend , as if in pregnancy . now the real ellie enter . she be about to call to he but change she mind at the last minute and instead 74 81. watch he at work for a while . he be engross in he work , content . int . luisenhof restaurant - evening a elegant restaurant with thick carpet , livreed waiter and a string quartet . ellie have even give kurt a fashionable tie . seeband be tell a medical anecdote . seeband the psychotic think two and two make five , while the neurotic know two and two make four - but it worry he . frau seeband , ellie and kurt laugh politely . ellie there 's something we want to tell you ... seeband ( quickly ) about the Academy of Art ? I be always very interested in that . ellie no ... although ... there be news on that front , too . you see , kurt have be give the job of painting the mural in the Museum for hygiene . seeband ( to kurt ) Painting wall after all ? kurt it 's a fresco with the theme " Joy of life " . ellie and on that subject ... seeband have become very still . neither kurt nor ellie say anything . seeband what be it , my child ? nothing unpleasant I hope - my nerve , you know . ellie we be ... together . 75 seeband you be work on the fresco as well ? ellie we be a couple . we have be for some time . seeband a couple of student . ellie a... couple in a loving relationship . seeband act as though this devastate he . he look over to he wife for help , although she look back at he as if to say : " do not lay it on too thick " . ellie and there 's something else ... seeband ( interrupt , as if overcome ) that 's really ... big ... news ... ellie yes , and as well as that ... seeband my God , I have to take this in first . my God ... this be really out of the blue ... he start cough and reach for a glass of water . it be empty . ellie ( to a waiter ) please bring the Professor some water . quickly ! seeband take a drink of water . then he look at the two youngster with a mild smile . 82 . ext . dresden street - night they be walk home , ellie and she mother in front , seeband and kurt slightly behind . they have something to talk about . seeband 76 I be pleased you break the news to we . and I be glad you do so at a early stage . you see , there be something you should know about ellie . they walk along in silence for a couple of second . seeband ( cont 'd ) we do not want to worry ellie unnecessarily , so we have never really talk to she about it , but ... when she be a little girl ellie have a serious infection in the pelvis , which leave scar tissue in the fallopian tube = and consequently cause considerable cilia damage . kurt cilia ...? seeband cilia be the tiny hair in the mucus of the fallopian tube which transport the fertilize egg to the uterus . kurt do not understand a word of this . seeband ( cont 'd ) at present we be look for a way of treat it with surgery . but if she be to become pregnant before 's then , the chance be extremely high that she would experience extra-uterine gravidity - a ectopic pregnancy , with the cell grow where the fallopian tube be . and that could well lead to extremely dangerous internal bleed . kurt go pale . seeband ( cont 'd ) I must therefore warn you , though not for the same reason that normally motivate father of daughter to warn a young man , not to become intimate with she , until we have be able to alleviate this condition . a pregnancy at this point in time could be life - threaten for ellie . seeband study kurt as the young man walk alongside he in silence . seeband 77 you do understand ? life-threatening . kurt look up at the two woman walk somewhat ahead of they . ellie sense he gaze , look round and surreptitiously blow he a kiss . kurt smile gratefully . they walk on . kurt ( with a huge effort ) and if she be already pregnant ? seeband ( act shocked ) then I would have to examine she immediately . seeband stop in he track . kurt walk a few step further and then also stop , turn back to seeband , who be look at he enquiringly . kurt nod gravely . the woman have also realize that something have happen ; they stop and look back at the man , puzzle . 83 . int . seeband 's villa - corridor outside bathroom - next morning seeband ( V. o. ) there be no reason to despair just yet : it 's quite possible that everything have proceed correctly during the nidation , and that I shall soon be a= proud grandfather . kurt be pace nervously up and down outside the bathroom door , now smoking quite openly in the house . the door open , and seeband come out , in a doctor 's coat , with rubber glove . he be not yet face kurt , who can see through the open door that ellie be lie with she upper body on the bottom of the empty bathtub , on she back , she thigh open and extend upwards , knee bent , she calve rest on two stool . between they be a empty chair with a doctor 's bag . frau seeband be sit next to she , stroking she daughter 's face tenderly . seeband close the door , look grave , and walk towards he study . kurt follow he . seeband I must act immediately . the pregnancy be considerably more advanced than I _ have fear - it 's already the third month . 78 84 . 85 . 86 . int . seeband 's villa - seeband 's study - continuous they have reach seeband 's study . he take a sterile cloth from a drawer and place on it two forcep and various curettes - the instrument require for a abortion . kurt a ... abortion ? seeband if I do not remove the fetus she will not survive the pregnancy . kurt here ? seeband we have a reputation to maintain . kurt be it really the only way ? really ? seeband be you doubting my professional ability ? kurt do not reply , which make seeband even colder . seeband would I put myself through something like this ... and my daughter !... if it be not absolutely necessary ? seeband go back into the bathroom . kurt remain in the corridor . he can hear quiet sobbing behind the door . he gaze at the door , make the image blurred ... int . seeband 's villa - dine room - evening ( mos ) they be all in the dining room , which be elegantly panele with white wood . ellie look pale and thin . kurt 's expression be one of silent rage . frau seeband look guilty , while frau hellthaler have a air of suppress desperation . the only person talk and eat heartily be the Professor . int . seeband 's villa - ellie 's room - night 719 ellie be lie in bed without any pillow , stretch out like a corpse . kurt be sit next to she with he back against the wall . although she face look almost relaxed , a stream of tear be continuosly flow down she cheek . ellie ( in a monotone ) he have a ss uniform make for himself . for hour he would practice in front of the mirror , try out different pose until he find the best one . 87 . int . seeband 's villa - seeband 's study - flashback seeband in front of the mirror . six - year-old ellie enter the room and watch he . ellie ( V. o. ) he do not care that I could see he : I be only a little girl . there be a grin skull on the cap . in silver . a skull . close -up : the silver skull on the ss cap . it have be place on a chair at exactly ellie 's height . the little girl gaze at it uneasily . ellie ( V. o . ) a doctor be suppose to heal people . he 's suppose to heal . 88 . int . seeband 's villa - ellie 's room - the present ellie ( in despair ) be I always go to be at he mercy ? now she weep without inhibition . 89 . int . dresden gynecological hospital - entrance area - evening a formal ceremony be take place , with 100 doctor and dignitary in suit . several uniform Soviets . 80 we see kurt , ellie and also frau seeband , who be stand next to she husband . the Minister of Health be make a speech in seeband 's honor : minister of health a gift doctor , a humanist , one of the founder of we Socialist Republic - in short , a fine example for all member of he profession . and today , 11 December , the anniversary of the foundation of the german Democratic Republic , it be my honor to present he with the Robert koch Medal and the title distinguish Doctor of the people . with a flourish he place a bronze medal on a ribbon around seeband 's neck , hand he a certificate , a small box and a envelope . applause . minister of health ( cont 'd ) ( to seeband ) here 's a small version , for everyday use . and a certificate to frame . ( smile , he whisper with reference to the envelope ) take care of this : 8000 mark inside ! seeband step up to the podium . seeband thank you , Minister , for that kind word , of which I be not deserve . he catch the eye of he daughter , who be gaze at he without any love . she be stand in the director 's Gallery , where there be painting of the director over the last decade . the painting be all very similar . kurt 's work fit in perfectly - a fine work of craftsmanship . seeband ( cont 'd ) as a doctor and a member of society I merely do my duty . I be simply one wheel in the huge machinery of international socialism , just as the painter of this far too flatter portrait of I be only a small wheel , he style indistinguishable from the other painter here ... kurt meet seeband 's eye with a impassive expression . 81 seeband ( cont 'd ) just as we be all only small wheel on a large train which , with the help of the Soviet Union , be move steadily towards that great terminal station : communism . applause . several people approach seeband to congratulate he . kurt , stand with ellie near he painting , overhear two man who lean forward and study it through they glass . dignitary 1 ( to he companion ) who be it by ? dignitary 2 it do not say . willi sitte , probably . one of that . dignitary 1 I just wonder how long it will take the news to get around that Mr eastman have invent a device which do this sort of thing itself - but much better ! the two man laugh and walk on . ellie and kurt stand silently , watch seeband and he wife at the other end of the room as they accept expression of congratulation . a little further away frau hellthaler be stand by herself . she be also watch seeband and he wife . among the people congratulate seeband be a uniform Soviet officer , a slim , good -look man who whisper something quietly into seeband 's ear when he approach . for a moment seeband seem startle ; then he nod briefly to the Russian officer , who walk on . seeband 's wife address he , apparently ask about the incident . reverse angle : we be with seeband and he wife . seeband I be to report to kgb headquarters in Berlin tomorrow . that 's all he say . now the two of they notice that kurt and ellie be watch they from the other end of the room . frau seeband nod to they in greeting . frau seeband 82 90 . 91 . look like that plan do not work either . they be closer than ever . seeband patience , martha , patience . ext . kgb hq karlshorst , berlin - day a grey stone building , intimidating nazi-style architecture . Soviet guard in front . a taxi pull up , and seeband get out . the guard inspect he papers . a adjutant be wait and lead he inside . int . kgb hq karlshorst , berlin - general 's office - day seeband , the miniature of the Robert koch medal on he lapel , be show into the office of Alexander mikhailovich muravyov . muravyov be several year older , he shoulder now adorn with a general 's star . when he see seeband he send the young adjutant ( the man who give seeband the message at the award ceremony ) out of the room . only when the adjutant have leave do muravyov embrace seeband , kissing he on both cheek . the overpower smell of Russian cigarettes still disturb seeband . muravyov ( genuinely move ) Carl , Carl ... ( something occur to he ) wait , I must show you something . muravyov have , in the meantime , lean german , though he speak with a strong Russian accent . he cross to he desk and pick up a frame photograph of a very handsome 13 - year - old boy , which he show to seeband . seeband nod appreciatively . tear come to muravyov 's eye . then he have to laugh , and again he kiss seeband on both cheek . suddenly he become serious . muravyov ( cont 'd ) Carl , I be be transfer . back to Russia . I will not be able to protect you any longer . seeband be shocked , though he make a effort not to reveal this . muravyov ( cont 'd ) 83 all the other have be catch . on paper we be still hunt for burghard kroll and the " medical coordinator of the dresden region for the euthanasia program " . ( he glance meaningfully at seeband ) . I can not guarantee my successor will not be - open the investigation and start question doctor and nurse again . seeband lower he eye uneasily . muravyov ( cont 'd ) you have to leave the country as well . and never come back . apply for permission to emigrate , for you and you wife . it will be approve . this day wernher von braun be building space rocket for the Americans . as far as we can see , nobody in the West would be interested in you ss past any more ... nobody will suspect the truth . ( dryly ) let 's hope we side do not , either . we sense that he loyalty to seeband have take its toll on muravyov . muravyov ( cont 'd ) ( openly trust , confidentially you can not tell I anything about kroll ? where he be ? who else be at that meeting ? ( almost plead ) you would help I a great deal . seeband I never meet the gentleman . I do not know anything about he . muravyov nod . he know this be a lie . he look at seeband rather sadly and then reach out he hand . muravyov we shall never meet again , my friend . I hope I have repaid my debt to you . seeband also reach out to shake hand . 92 . int . seeband 's villa - seeband 's study - evening 84 seeband be sit at he desk , frau hellthaler at she place , while he dictate letter to she . seeband to make sure we can avoid a bottleneck in the occupancy . your respectfully , Professor Dr. etc . frau hellthaler be take all this down in shorthand , on a notepad , write quickly . now she close she file and be about to get to she foot . seeband ( cont 'd ) there be another letter . frau hellthaler sit down and open she notepad again . seeband to dresden Municipal Council , Department for Internal affair . frau hellthaler write this . frau hellthaler reference ? seeband ( watch she closely ) application to relinquish citizenship of the german Democratic Republic . frau hellthaler freeze . seeband ( cont 'd ) " after due deliberation I , Professor Dr. Carl seeband , hereby request permission for myself and my wife martha to emigrate immediately to the Federal Republic of Germany . " write it ! frau hellthaler do so . seeband ( cont 'd ) " for political reason it be no longer possible for I to remain in the german Democratic Republic . my daughter elisabeth , who be of age , will remain in the gdr , since she continue to believe in the gdr and in the socialist world view . I leave to she my property , wiener strasse 91 . with best respects , Professor Dr. etc . " 85 94 . frau hellthaler be still write , although large tear be drip onto she notepad , blur the line . seeband ( cont 'd ) do you have all that ? kindly deliver it in person to the town Hall tomorrow . frau hellthaler get to she foot without look at he and hurry out of the room . seeband place he document in a drawer of he desk . ext . westerz mountain - country inn - terrace - day insert title : 1957 a country inn that could almost be in Austria , with heavy wooden table and a large terrace that have a beautiful view of the mountain of saxony . martha , ellie , kurt and seeband be sit at a table . ellie be sit with she father . she be rest she hand on he . kurt be talk to martha . frau seeband ( to kurt ) be you think about you mother ? kurt shake he head . frau seeband ( cont 'd ) I be sorry he do not invite she . seeband , the Robert koch medal still pin to he lapel , tap he wine glass without get to he foot ; he do not want to attract too much attention . seeband dear ellie . dear kurt . you have now be my son- in - law for two hour . I shall be leave my daughter in you hand when we leave the country at the end of the month . there be only one thing I would like to pass on for you journey through life : it be not enough to be " good " . I have see many man who be just " good " pass over , dispospess , even annihilate . if you want security in this world , no matter what you do , you have to be the best . not one of the best . the best . slow fade to white 86 95 . 96 . int . seeband 's villa - breakfast niche - morning kurt and ellie be have breakfast , look cheerful . ellie ( read from a letter ) and thus I find myself in oldenburg , in the sanderbusch Clinic , with every prospect of take over when erkner retire two year from now . take care of yourself . you papa . " kurt well , it look as though he 's land on he foot again . int . dresden socialist party hq - conference room - day insert title : 1961 kurt , almost 30 year old , be again on a scaffold painting a large mural : the worker uprise . this time in a even more impressive - look official locale . in the hall below several party delegate be watch , clearly pleased with what kurt be do . his old friend Max be assist he , mixing the paint from red pigment , linseed oil and chalk . kurt hand Max the bowl of paint and indicate he should fill in the outline with color . max ( happily ) really ? Max start work . kurt watch as he apply the paint with enthusiasm . kurt look at the painting itself : muscular worker in white shirt with familiar hammer and tool . capitalist lackey in black , suppress they . kurt shake he head involuntarily at the sameness of it all . he watch he friend painting eagerly , contentedly . kurt be pensive . kurt how much would you give for my wartburg ? max be you kid I ? do you know how long a normal mortal have to wait to get a car like that ? 87 kurt I just do not like it any more . 300 mark ? Max gaze at he for long time , silent and serious ; here have a good idea what he friend be plan . max kurt , in the West they even do not do painting any more . this day painting be consider bourgeois . kurt ( skeptical ) I think for they " bourgeois " be good ? max ( now uncertain ) oh , what do I know ! kurt laugh . max of course we all want to get rid of you . of course we do . but you have get a life here . you have money . you be become famous . I mean ... I get girl to go to bed with I because I be you assistant . you can handle the apparatchik like nobody else ... next year you be go to be 30 , so you be not so young anymore ... you be ... why ? kurt because none of that matter . max then what do matter ? kurt the truth . max and who say what be true ? kurt ( smile ) I , I , I . Max have to laugh at this . he take off one of he shoe , turn it over and pull the heel to one side to reveal a secret compartment contain fold banknote . he count they . 88 97 . max 260 ? kurt Fine . do you need canvase ? max you mean you have some ? kurt in my studio - with picture on they . max what ?! kurt paint over they . all of they , please . Max be speechless . kurt I do not want to see they again . believe I . nothing I have paint there be right . max but what about the mural ? that you can not destroy . kurt I expect other people will take care of that . max alright , then at least let I drive you in my new car . ( kurt be about to object ) only to East Berlin , I mean . montage ( mos ) ext . east germany / east berlin border - evening insert title : 13 March 1961 the border between East Germany and East Berlin : there be a barrier across the road , with barb wire and a guardhouse . a Russian soldier in a jacket that be much too warm for the german weather cross to kurt 's wartburg , and Max hand he they id though the window . soviet soldier what be purpose of you visit to Berlin ? 89 max I be just the driver . kurt we be assistant at dresden Art Academy , and we be go to a meeting at the School of Visual and apply Art in weissensee . the soldier open the trunk of the car . it only contain two briefcase , though they be both very full . he open the larger of they . it contain several of the beige leather volume with gold title we have see previously in kurt 's possession . the soldier pick one of the book and open it : the collect work of Thomas Mann . he open the other briefcase . it 's full of photograph : family photograph . the soldier extract a few of they . we see Johann with ruffle hair and a point beard . a picture of the seeband family at the beach , with seeband hold he hand around he wife and daughter as if to protect they . we see aunt elisabeth with little kurt . a group picture of nurse . and uncle giinther against a wall in Russia : that picture really do make it back . the soldier put the photograph back in the briefcase , close the trunk , signal that Max can drive on and then beckon the next car . ext . east berlin - friedrichstrasse station - entrance - night the dim light of the distinctive yellow streetlamp illuminate the step lead up to the station of the Berlin tramway . they be so crowded that the police be overwhelm and have give up try to check everybody . the wartburg pull up outside . kurt turn to he friend Max and shake he by the hand . Max can hardly look he in the eye . ellie rest a grateful hand on he shoulder . they head over to the step , try to look inconspicuous , kurt carry the two briefcase and ellie only with she handbag . east german policeman halt ! 90 ellie and kurt freeze . but the policeman be address someone else ; he stop a man climb the step with a large suitcase . kurt and ellie walk on . 99 . ext. / int . east berlin - friedrichstrasse station — platform - night kurt and ellie be stand at the platform of the tramway with a large number of other people . the tram arrive on time . everybody board in orderly fashion . ellie and kurt do not even sit down . ellie ( whisper to kurt ) they almost make it too easy ... kurt not for much longer . train driver ( over loudspeaker ) next Station : Zoological Garden , West Berlin . they get out . montage : the West - Bright light and neon advertising on the kurftirstendamm , the main shopping street of West Berlin . it 's a different country . 100 . int . / ext . west berlin - day - policeman in they ridiculous blue uniform . - on a color tv in a shop for electrical appliance the weekly lottery draw be be televise . - the huge refugee Center in marienfelde , where kurt and ellie be allocate camp bed , next to they family with scream child . - a government office ( a desolate place even in West Berlin ) where each new arrival be issue with a little western money from a petty cash box . 91 101 . 102 . 103 . 104 - ellie , wear a bra , be wash she only blouse in one of the many washbasin of the communal bathroom . int . dresden academy of art - lecture theater - day Professor grimma walk into the lecture theater look cheerful . there be a letter on he desk . from kurt . he open it . kurt ( V. o. ) dear Professor grimma . by the time you read this I shall be in the West . I could not talk to you about it before , because that would have involved you in a criminal act . you be always very good to I , so I hope you will believe I have not take this decision lightly , and it be not do in the hope that I might one day be drive a fancy car . Professor grimma be visibly move . int . museum for hygiene —- entrance hall - day uniform stasi officer stand guard as the Joy of life mural be paint over by workmen use roller on long handle to cover it with flat white . another painter be apply the obligatory green horizon over the white at waist height . int . dresden socialist party hq - conference room - day the same stasi officer and the two party official who watch kurt paint the mural originally be now ensure that everything be cover over . several workmen be nail wooden plank onto the wall . right at the back we see Professor horst grimma . almost in tear . end of montage . int . west berlin studio / apartment - day 92 a small apartment full of painting , realistic portrait , realistic street scene in gdr style . werner blaschke , a cigarette in the corner of he mouth , be painting a portrait of a plump 12 - year - old boy squirming in front of he in he Sunday best . blaschke ( in a strong saxon accent ) stay still , klaus , or you will spoil you father 's birthday present for mummy . he turn to kurt , who be gaze at the painting . blaschke ( cont 'd ) how old be you again ? kurt 29 . almost 30 . blaschke ( impressed ) you look young . ( get back to business ) yes , in that case munich be a good idea . people there have plenty of money . they always need portrait , landscape too . what I would not advise be dtisseldorf . kurt diisseldorf ? blaschke it 's all modern art there . avant -garde ! and if you do not study at they Academy , you do not stand a chance anyway . it 's a kind of mafia . munich be good . Hamburg be good . Berlin ...? well , middle , as you can see for yourself . he point to poor klaus , who think he be be order to introduce himself . klaus ( obediently ) good day . blaschke stay still ! 105 . ext . dusseldorf academy of art - day 93 106 . 107 title : dusseldorf academy of art establishing : the Academy . a huge neo-renaissance building still display bomb damage . a large banner , in appearance not unlike the one kurt use to paint , proclaim : OPEN house day . Visitors be pour inside . kurt look nervous . he stub out he cigarette and walk in . int . dusseldorf academy of art - entrance - continuous kurt enter the Academy . a porter be sit behind the desk near the door ; kurt walk over to he and shake the astonished man by the hand . kurt good morning . my name be kurt barnert . I phone about a tour . the porter give kurt a skeptical look ( kurt still have a lot to learn about etiquette here in the West ) and point to the next door without say a word . . int . dusseldorf academy of art - entrance hall - continuous there be a table in the entrance hall with a sign say : " Tours for applicant . wait here . " kurt wait patiently , watch the people who walk past he and enter the Academy . most of they be curious local in search of a scandal , judge by the strap of conversation kurt overhear ( " punch he in the nose in the middle of the lecture ... " , " ... say Heil Hitler , and claim it be just a form of provocation ... " , etc ) . preusser ( 0o.s. ) ( loud , brisk ) you be still under 26 I hope ? kurt turn round . harry preusser be stand behind the table , a stocky man in he early 30 with very short black hair and a broad , confident face . he be study kurt with pierce eye and take he silence as a yes . preusser ( cont 'd ) 94 good . and what you want to do ? Sculpture ? action ? installation ? kurt Painting ... actually . preusser laugh . preusser ( mock kurt 's mild saxon accent ) '' point ? '' it be a long time since kurt encounter anything like this , and he 's more surprised than offended . preusser ( cont 'd ) no offence . I be from the east myself . mecklenburg . he set off on the tour , kurt follow . they walk between a series of sculpture consist of sheet of metal make to revolve by electric motor . preusser ( cont 'd ) take a look around . nobody really do painting anymore . people want something new - a idea . they walk on , past naked model cover in chalk . kurt a idea ? preusser yes . but not something like that : something new , or at least in new package . like yves klein , who say : I be claim ultramarine for myself . I be even go to patent it . it be now call yves klein Blue . and I shall only express myself with this color . I will paint the naked breast of a beautiful woman with yves klein Blue , and she will rub the paint against the breast of another beautiful woman . I shall paint sponge with yves klein Blue and stick they to canvase with yves klein Blue . they now come to another studio where a young female student cut slit in she monochromatic canvase in grandiose gesture . 95 preusser ( cont 'd ) ( whisper to kurt ) of course , it 's no good if someone have the idea first . lucio fontana have be slashing canvase for the last six year . what 's the point of just repeat it ? but katrin have lovely firm breast , so we let she do what she like ... they walk on through various studio , all link like pearl on a string . one of the studio be particularly crowded . here adrian schimmel , a good-look young man with fashionable black sunglass , smooth black hair and sensuous lip , be stand in front of a wall of painting which consist of repeat pattern in vibrant color . preusser ( cont 'd ) that 's adrian schimmel . the name say it all ... ( " schimmel " = " mold " . ) ( preusser whisper ) his real name be adrian finck , son of the chairman of mannesmann . prig . but he 's get international connection - even in Paris and New York , they say . and he can talk , that 's for sure . but be the wallpaper idea enough ? finck be explain he wallpaper picture to a elderly couple , he manner extremely self - important . elderly man yes , I think it 's very pretty . but be not it still what you might call ... wallpaper . adrian schimmel yes , but you see , it only look that way . that 's exactly what we artist be search for : that which be hide behind the decorative . the emptiness , express by the hole I punch in it . the banality , incorporate in the material linoleum that I apply to it . the senseless stridency visible in the neon color in which I roll my work . thus it become obvious than in art even the facade , yes , even wallpaper always speak the truth . and that be precisely what bring you here . you have a deep sense of the artistic ; otherwise you would not have end up _ here . piet mondrian present you with utopia . I 96 present you with the truth . you friend see some pretty wallpaper . you see the level behind it . elderly woman ( impressed ) and ... be it possible to ... purchase something like this ? adrian schimmel it be . that 's what so fantastic about art . preusser lead kurt away with a dismissive wave . preusser money always make money ... you know how it be . but no artist should have to talk about he work like that . he just want to prove to he successful family that he can be successful even without they . money be all that count for that ... ( a sudden moment of introspection ) whereas rt want to prove to my unsuccessful family that I can be successful in spite of they . money be all that matter there , too ... families ... it 's all shit . they walk on , past studio and exhibition room preusser do not consider of interest . preusser but you must be young than 26 when you get the idea . otherwise it 's no use . kurt why ? preusser just think about it : Picasso be 26 for Les demoiselle d' Avignon . duchamp be 25 when he paint nude descend a staircase . and Michelangelo be 24 when he do the pieta . the next studio preusser guide kurt into contain a few bizarre wooden construction . the wooden framework of a gazebo , the individual beam connect by potato . and a wooden stool with a hole in the middle of the seat where a stick hang down , attach to a electric motor ; as the stick turn , the potato at the end of it revolve around another potato on the floor . 97 a slightly effeminate , gaunt young man with very long blond hair , yellow sunglass and a beige polo neck be operate the machine . he be explain it to a child , who look fascinate . preusser what do you call that ? arendt ivo " device to make a potato circle another . " preusser no more dot ? arendt ivo ( innocently , shaking he head ) at the moment I be more interested in potato . preusser this be kurt . from the east. painter . want to study here . ivo shake hand with kurt , give he a friendly smile . arendt ivo so I suppose Harry already subject you to he speech about " the idea " ? kurt you do not believe it ? arendt ivo if you be look to create the supreme masterpiece , it might be right . I mean , mastery have to be measure somehow . but personally , I be more interested in : potato . preusser come on , before you get corrupt . ivo give kurt a friendly farewell smile . as they walk away : preusser ( cont 'd ) arendt ivo : what he want , nobody know . he use to do everything in big dot , all the same color , that he print on 98 board . could have be a real idea . and now that . and in a couple of month he will be do something completely different . preusser and kurt have come to the end of a long corridor . here there be a large number of visitor crowded round a series of window overlook another studio . brightly illuminate , stand between semi-abstract water - color that seem to have be paint with blood or liquid soil , a man in a beige safari suit , fedora and fisherman 's vest be work with a white mass . he spread the oily substance he take from a tub with a spatula into the corner until it fill they completely . he seem entirely engross in what he 's do . all around he there be roll of black - grey feel , place upright and as tall as a man . kurt be not unmove by the whole spectacle . preusser ( cont 'd ) ( with a certain pride ) we Professor ... antonius van verten . but I guess you have hear of he even in saxony . kurt shake he head . preusser ( cont 'd ) a true original ... he would probably like I to say : ' legend ' . always wear that hat . one time a really sexy student seduce he - just to see he without the hat . he grin over at kurt . preusser ( cont 'd ) he keep it on , even in bed ... ( he laugh ) only work with feel and animal fat . why ? ( mock but also envious ) that remain he big , legendary secret . sometimes he use rabbit blood . he tell the sexy student that when he be a kid he once shot a rabbit - and never recover from it . we have to attend all he lecture - they be obligatory - but he never look at anything we do . he say the only person who know if you be do it right be yourself ... I think he simply do not care about we . well ... we do not care about he either . 99 preusser 's dismissal do not sound too convincing . kurt gaze in fascination at the wild movement of the mysterious teacher . preusser ( cont 'd ) but whether you be accept , whether you get a studio - it 's all completely up to this madman . preusser sense that kurt be impressed by van verten . preusser ( cont 'd ) come on , he 's not that interesting . soon they come to a large studio which be pack with canvase and sculpture , all cover in hundred of nail . several people be stand in front of they , gaze at they . kurt ( dryly ) so this be one of that " idea " ? preusser ignore he , because a very attractive young woman be stand in front of one sculpture , which look like a small tree of nail . preusser ( to the young woman ) do it appeal to you , this sculpture ? young woman yes . preusser pick up a few nail and a hammer from a work table and start work on the sculpture . young woman ( cont 'd ) ( overwhelm ) you be the artist ? his practice movement indicate that he be . preusser it 's still not quite right . I can only see that now you be stand next to it . ( gesture to she with he palm upright ) that 's right ... ( gesture to he sculpture ) that be not . young woman 100 ( blush ) what be you try to express with this work ? preusser ( gravely , with emphasis ) precisely what you be experience right now . the girl be suitably impressed . preusser present she with a nail , and a meaningful look . she take it as if it be a holy relic and walk on , daze . preusser gaze after she while kurt take a closer look at the work . preusser I be 23 , by the way . 108 . int . dusseldorf academy of art - van verten 's office - day there be something inexplicably artistic even about he office . Van verten , again wear he hat and fisherman 's vest , be look through kurt 's application form . kurt be sit opposite he . close shot of application form : under " Age " kurt have write " 26 " . van verten you have not submit a portfolio . kurt I be not able to bring anything with I . van verten what have you do up to now ? kurt Painting . van verten in East Germany ? kurt yes. van verten Socialist realism ? 101 it be more a statement than a question , so no reply be require . Van verten pick up a West german tabloid newspaper , the bild , and point to a headline about the construction of the Berlin Wall , along with a photograph of the massive undertake . van verten so now they really have build a wall . do you feel that come ? kurt " nobody have the intention " - always mean precisely the opposite be true . Van verten study the photograph closely , speak almost to himself . van verten but somehow it 's almost art , that wall - a piece of landscape art . the craftsmanship involved in the execution be completetly un - interesting ; hundred of thousand of people have problem with it ... ( shaking he head ) consistent german madness . kurt have nothing to say to this . Van verten put the newspaper down . van verten ( cont 'd ) what kind of art do you like ? kurt shrug he shoulder , genuinely stump . he honestly do not know . his sincerity impress van verten , who look up and gaze at kurt for a long time . van verten ( cont 'd ) you do not like talk about yourself , do you ? but you eye tell I that you have see more than any of we . he sign the application form and stamp it twice , once with " enroll " and once with " Studio " . van verten ( cont 'd ) this be the only condition for you , just like everybody else : ( raise one finger ) that you come to the lecture . ( raise a second finger ) 102 that you never ask I to look at anything you do . agreed ? kurt nod . van verten ( cont 'd ) in any case you be the only one who know if it 's good or not . 109 . int . dusseldorf academy of art - kurt 's studio - night there 's a metallic buzz as neon light come on to reveal a small , industrial studio , much smaller than kurt 's workshop in dresden . smaller than preusser 's , which be adjoin it : we can see the example of nail art in the background through the double connect door . which be now open . kurt and ellie enter the studio . kurt one step forward , two step back . ellie oh come on ! do not tell I you can not do anything you like here . kurt yes , but if I only know what that be ... she give he a seductive look and unbutton she blouse : she be not wear a bra underneath . she kiss he and quickly unfasten he belt ... ellie maybe ... first of all ... to inaugurate this studio ? 110 . int . dusseldorf academy of art - lecture theater - day a lecture theater , the row of seat rise towards the back . the ceiling , which be destroy by bombing , still have not be replace . down at the front van verten be stand next to a pair of easel , both cover in sheet . he pull away the sheet to reveal the election poster of adenauer and brandt : " no experiment - vote for adenauer " and " prosperity for everyone . forward with willy brandt " . van verten 103 111 . 112 who be you go to vote for ? the spd ? the cdu ? he look round . some of the student call out : " spd ! " , " german piece Union ! " , " cdu ! " . other whistle and boo in protest after each party be name . van verten ( cont 'd ) ( firmly ) do not vote for anyone . it go very quiet in the lecture theater . van verten ( cont 'd ) never vote for a party again ! vote for art . it be either - or . only in art be freedom not a illusion . only the artist can give people back they sense for freedom after this catastrophe . every individual , whether he 's a garbage man or a farmer , have the chance to be a artist . if he develop he own subjective ability without limitation . if you be not free , completely free , then nobody else will be . by make yourselves free you be make the world free . you be priest , revolutionary , liberator . make you burnt offering ! he then use a lighter to set both poster on fire at the bottom . the flame quickly rise . int . dusseldorf academy of art - kurt 's studio - day kurt be stand over a canvas , drip paint onto it from a brush like Jackson pollock . the fact that the shade be a little more monochromatic than pollock 's do not make it more original , either . preusser peer inside and shake he head mockingly . when he have leave kurt pour the whole bucket of paint over the canvas in frustration . . int . dusseldorf academy of art - kurt 's studio - day later kurt have paint a canvas in beige-orange . now he pick up a razor blade and be about to apply it to the surface . preusser ( 0 . S. ) do not tell I you have join the slasher . 104 kurt turn to look at he with a sly expression as if to say " wait and see ! " and then cut through the canvas in three place . Red paint begin to ooze through the open slit like blood from wound . the paint start drip down the canvas . preusser step closer and see pouch full of paint attach to the rear of the canvas . he nod , impressed , and pat kurt on the shoulder . preusser that 's almost a idea . you learn fast . montage 113 . int . dusseldorf academy of art - kurt 's studio - day / night - kurt paint shop-window mannequin - he build totem pole - now dress like Andy Warhol , he dip a dozen mount antler in white paint - preusser glance inside , nod in reluctant admiration and then go back to he nail creation 114 . int . dusseldorf academy of art - lecture theater - day Van verten again have something on the podium with he cover in a sheet . van verten what I be now go to show you - be art . you should never be afraid to call art by that name . most people talk about " work " and " image " and " object " . by do so they diminish they own art . I do not want you to be diminish . I want you to make art . and this ... be art . he pull away the sheet - to reveal a monumental sculpture by arno breker : the " head of the Aryan warrior " . the student be horrify . people call out loudly : " Nazi ! " , " down with Nazi art ! " somebody throw a apple : it hit van verten hard on the chest . he remain stand motionless . somebody else throw a tin can . it hit he on the head , and the cut begin to bleed . he still remain motionless . van verten ( cont 'd ) ( calmly , almost to himself 105 I would like you to have arno breker 's creative power . I would like you to produce a body of work like he . again he be hit hard by a object that be throw . van verten ( cont 'd ) I would like you to remain as true to yourself as he always be to himself ( almost whisper ) even if , like I , you can not abide it . 115 . int . clothing factory - workshop - day ellie be work at a sewing machine among two dozen other woman . hard , manual labor . but she look somehow content , as if she have a wonderful secret . suddenly she look up and clutches she belly . the sewing machine continue to operate , the material bunching up and tear . tear spring to she eye . she get to she foot , sway slightly . 116 . int . clothing factory - toilet - day ellie be stand naked at a washbasin , scrubbing the blood from she skirt while tear run down she cheek . suddenly , she collape . her body thud against the door , break the flimsy lock . two fellow seamstress rush toward she , concerned . 117 . int . kurt and ellie 's apartment - night it be dark in the apartment . kurt open the front door and turn on the light , surprised that nobody appear to be home . but then he see ellie sit in a chair , motionless and pale . ellie the sixth time , kurt . this time it be as far as the third month . kurt stop in he track . his clothes be cover with speck of gray paint . ellie ( cont 'd ) I go to see the doctor . I will not be able to have child . 106 118 . kurt be shake . he still can not move . ellie ( cont 'd ) and you know what he say ? it be the abortion . not cilia damage . ( bitterly ) by want to keep it so pure , he succeed in extinguish he own bloodline . she begin to weep . kurt kneel next to she , hold she tight . ellie ( cont 'd ) we will never have child , kurt ... he be also deeply upset . ellie ( cont 'd ) you picture ... you picture have to be we child . yes ? alright ? kurt embrace she in silence . he nod . int . dusseldorf academy of art - lecture theater - day Van verten enter the lecture theater without any work of art to display , look defeat , distract today . he stand there for a moment as if wonder what he can talk about . nothing occur to he . he look in he bag . he find a catalogue of the work of wilhelm lehmbruck . he hold up the book , but nobody can see it properly . one of the student set up a episcope with a extension cord . Van verten place the book on it and look at it as he be see theimage for the first time . project on the wall be a photo of lehmbruck 's sculpture kneel woman . van verten have you all study lehmbruck ?... if not , please do so . for you own sake ... he say : " each work of art must retain something from the first day of creation ... as if it be still divine ... as if it be yet emerge from the primeval mass , from the rib ... " 107 Van verten falter and then stop : it be as though the urge to touch , to teach , to communicate , simply be not there today . van verten ( cont 'd ) no , wait ... perhaps ... have anybody have a insight this week that he can share with we ? he cross to the wall and pull out the plug of the episcope . nobody say anything . then : kurt lottery number ... the other student laugh , think he 's make a joke . kurt ( cont 'd ) no , really . the lottery number . if I say six number at random - 5 , 7 , 23 , 29 , 44 , 11 - that 's just stupid . but if I read you the win number from the lottery ... ( pick up a newspaper from the desk of the student next to he ) 2 , 17 , 19 , 25 , 45 , 48 - then suddenly they have a true quality , something forceful , almost beautiful ... more laughter , as if he have simply continue the joke . Van verten look very serious , almost as if he have not be listen . or as if kurt 's word have move he deeply . kurt ( cont 'd ) ( disconcert ) that be ... my ... insight . Van verten fumble around for a few more moment in he old leather briefcase . then he look up at the student . van verten you can go . I have nothing for you today . a little surprised , the student pack up they thing . kurt too . van verten ( cont 'd ) kurt , would you come over here for a minute ? 108 while the other walk out kurt come down to the front , look anxious . when he get there Van verten wait until everyone else have leave and then turn to face kurt . van verten ( cont 'd ) I would like to see you art . kurt when ? van verten whenever you like . if you like . just let I know . Van verten pick up he bag , tip he hat in farewell and walk out . 119 . int . dusseldorf academy of art - preusser 's studio - evening kurt be stand next to he friend , look uneasy , while preusser carry on hammer in he nail . preusser what be there to think about ? if he like you work , you get a gallery , and then you can buy you girlfriend ... kurt I be marry . preusser then you can buy you wife and you girlfriend a car . soon you will be able to exchange you picture for classic . Van verten swap a chair cover in animal fat for a courbet ! kurt at least there be a few nail in it . preusser smile angrily and hammer a little harder . kurt ( cont 'd ) ( honestly ) I just do not know whether it 's good enough , what I be do . somehow I feel it be not . preusser 109 but it 's all subjective anyway ! and if it be not subjective , it would not be art , it would be craft . craft . a insult . preusser ( cont 'd ) at the end of the day , it 's all a matter of luck , be not it ? and the fact that van verten be interested in you stuff , for whatever reason , mean you be in luck . anyway , he do not want to be wrong . right now , he 's ready to discover something brilliant in you work . do not stand in you own way . kurt go back into he part of the studio and look at he picture . the camera show only he face . he do not look convinced . suddenly the hammer stop . preusser appear behind he . he also gaze at kurt 's work . preusser ( comforting ) it 's good , you work . really . it 's good . g 120 . int . dusseldorf academy of art - kurt 's studio - morning kurt open the door . Van verten storm in , rush over to the picture in excitement , with something akin to hunger in he eye . but after a few step he movement become slower and slower . his initial enthusiasm change into reservation . silence . Van verten be deeply disappointed . kurt can see this - and suffer silently . van verten during the war I be a radio operator with the luftwaffe . I be a terrible radio operator , and my pilot be a terrible pilot . not really surprising after only four week 's training . ( he laugh a little ) we be shot down on we second sortie , over the Crimea . the pilot be kill immediately . 121 . ext . crimea - OPEN field - evening ( flashback ) the smoking wreckage of a junker ju88 in the rough , sparse countryside . in the distance we see a few mud hut 110 and crater from bomb . the pilot 's dead body be hang out of the cockpit upside down . the canopy of the rear cabin have be smashed , and a young van verten be inside , cover in blood , he head smoking , he hair smolder . suddenly three tartar peasant with feel hat appear in long , black leather coat with fur collar . van verten ( V. o. ) the tatar nomad get I out of the wreckage with burn that really should have kill I . this peasant , the very peasant I be drop bomb on , pull I out of the wreckage ... the nomad extinguish the fire with blanket and haul van verten 's shattered body out of the plane . van verten ( V. o. ) ( cont 'd ) and look after I use whatever they have . they rubbed animal fat into my wound and wrap I in feel blanket . 122 . int . crimea - mud hut - night ( flashback ) a old mongolian woman pour a little broth between the lip of the young Van verten , who be wrap up in blanket like a cocoon . van verten ( V. o. ) I stay with they for a year . then I surrender to the Americans . 123 . int . dusseldorf academy of art - kurt 's studio - day van verten if I ask myself what I truly know , what I have truly experience in my life , what I can claim without lie , it 's the animal fat on my skin , the homeland of animal fat , of feel . when other people talk to I about love , about woman , about they child or about sex - I know what they mean only because I experience that fat and feel on my skin . as he speak he also seem to experience this in the present , submerging himself in the feel . van verten ( cont 'd ) 111 my life before then be totally uneventful . my childhood be happy and shelter , a couple of slap across the ear , not many . ( he laugh quietly ) my teacher like I . I want to be a businessman , like my father . I do not have any " artistic talent " . ( he shrug ) and I have not experience anything since then , either . I be still cheerful . I spend the last day of the war in a army hospital with friendly nurse . very friendly nurse . ( he laugh quietly again ) afterwards I have pretty rapid success and be appoint professor here . but the fat and the feel - that I understand ... I understand they as deeply as descartes understand that he exist . " I think , therefore I be " . descartes have question everything . everything . everything could be a illusion , a trick , he imagination . but then he understand that something have provoke that very think within he , and consequently something must exist ... and that something he decide to call " myself " ... but who be you ? what be you ? he point to the picture . van verten ( cont 'd ) not that . he get to he foot , pick up he stick and raise he hat in a gesture of farewell . he therefore allow kurt to be the first to see the terrible scar on he bald head . part of the skull be miss , and the rest - even after 20 year - be melt , raw flesh . as if nothing have happen , as if this have be nothing but a usual , polite greeting , he put he hat back on and vanish out of the door . kurt do not say a thing . he remain there , gaze at he picture . imitation . without love . the janitor come in to take out the trash . kurt herr munster , a question . 112 ( indicate the picture ) can I throw this out with the garbage ? the janitor look round at all the canvase and frown . janitor no - they would not take that much . kurt any idea how I can get rid of it ? 124 . ext . dusseldorf academy of art - inner courtyard - night kurt and herr miinster be alone in the courtyard . all kurt 's painting have be dumped in a large construction container , douse in petrol and set alight . 125 . int . dusseldorf academy of art - kurt 's studio - day kurt enter and turn on the fluorescent light , which buzz as they come to life . but he only stand there , in front of he empty canvas , unable to paint a thing . 126 . int . dusseldorf academy of art - kurt 's studio - night it be night now . kurt turn off the light . he have not paint a thing . he walk out . 127 . int . kurt and ellie 's apartment - night kurt walk into the apartment . ellie have be wait and give he a kiss on the cheek . ellie how be you day ? kurt productive . 128 . int . oldenburg - seeband villa - live room - evening ( m.o.s ) 113 a blurred image which come into focus . a _ still photograph of Carl and martha seeband , smile on the balcony of they hotel in positano , Italy . a slide . the seeband be show they holiday photograph . seeband himself adjust the focus of the projector . the family live room be in darkness . ellie and she mother be sit on the sofa . kurt be on a chair slightly to one side , smoking . it 's a fine , modern villa . life be still good for the seeband : only the style have change . beige carpet , modern wagenfeld interior . more slide be show : seeband and he wife on the beach , with big hat and exotic cocktail ; in a Roman amphitheater ; in front of the small lufthansa plane that be go to bring they home ; inside the plane - the 1st class cabin . everything spell prosperity . 129 . int . oldenburg - seeband villa - dine room - evening ( later ) the woman have go through to the kitchen , while the man be sit at the table . seeband re-commence you study at the age of 30 ? when I be 30 I be chief physician in dresden . when mozart be 30 , he be dead . what can kurt say in response ? seeband ( cont 'd ) i. do understand you do not want any support from I . and that 's admirable . ( lean forward and whisper ) but factory work ? be that a life you want for you wife ? kurt look uneasy . seeband ( cont 'd ) I have a suggestion . I be on good term with the director of the gynecology clinic in dtisseldorf . he frequently invite I there for consultation . i’11 get you a part - time job there , something suitable . maybe three hour each morning . 114 agreed ? then you will have a income , and you will still have time for ... painting . 130 . int . moving train - night ellie and kurt be sit in silence on the wooden seat of the third class train compartment , digest the evening as they travel home . suddenly ellie break the silence : ellie can not he just vanish from we life ? just leave we alone ? kurt perhaps the job will help with that . 131 . int . university of dusseldorf gynecological hospital - stair - morning on the staircase , which bear a startling resemblance to the one outside the sign factory 10 year earlier , kurt be clean the large step ; even the bucket he use look very much like the one he father have ... 132 . int . dusseldorf academy of art - kurt 's studio - afternoon kurt be sit in silence in front of a blank canvas . dirty . exhausted . it do not look too likely that he 's about to have a great idea . seeband ( V. o. ) so this be the newest in art ? White on a white background ? kurt turn . his father - in- law be stand there , look immaculate , the image of power . a perfect suit , a long black cashmere coat . seeband ( cont 'd ) ( dryly ) " allegory of emptiness " - that could be the title . maybe it will be a sensation . angle on : preusser be listen as seeband speak . 115 seeband ( cont 'd ) come on , I will take you to dinner . my driver 's wait . 133 . int . italian restaurant - evening a simple West german italian restaurant . seeband order in italian , for kurt as well , and then hand the menus back to the waiter . he get straight down to business , take a envelope out of he slim leather document case , produce from inside it a form and a square of four passport photograph . seeband this have to be take to the passport office in bonn so they can issue my permanent passport . it 's all ready to be pick up . I be think - why do not you do it for I ? that way you can earn a bit more money . here 's the authorization . he take a 20 mark note from he briefcase . seeband ( cont 'd ) the administration fee be 10 mark 50 . you can keep the rest . I will call by next week to pick up the passport . agreed ? kurt nod . he can not even bring himself to smile . a newspaper boy enter the restaurant with a thick pile of bild papers wedge under he arm . newspaper boy ( call out ) burghard kroll , Nazi murderer catch after 16 year . kurt look up . be there any response from seeband ? if so , it 's hardly perceptible . some people in the restaurant buy a newspaper . not kurt and seeband . the meal be serve . seeband ( jovially , in italian ) that smell delicious . they start eat . 116 seeband ( cont 'd ) kurt , it 's not too late for you to start something completely new . it just have to be something reasonable . you be a punctual fellow and not workshy . perhaps something in postal administration . I be just read that they be look for young man . become a civil servant would not be a bad idea at all . seeband produce a silver cigarette case from he inside pocket , open it and take a cigarette ; he then offer to kurt , who also take one . kurt ( startle by the realization ) you smoke ? seeband light he own cigarette and then kurt 's . he do so with great precision and elegance . seeband 63 be the right age to start . the consequence will hardly catch up with I . he smile and then glance down at he watch . seeband ( cont 'd ) you finish you meal , take you time . I be afraid I have to dash . all my best to ellie . he get to he foot , cross to the waiter and pay . through the large window of the restaurant kurt see he father - in - law get into the back of the wait mercede . his expression be serious . kurt finish he cigarette , put it out and get to he foot . as he cross to the door he see that a plump customer at another table have put aside the cover section of the bild newspaper . kurt May I ? the man look up briefly . man the politics section ? you can have it . all I need be the sport page . kurt take the newspaper , roll it up and walk out of the restaurant . 117 134 . int . dusseldorf academy of art - kurt 's studio - shortly afterward kurt come back to he studio with the roll - up newspaper . he sit down on the stool in front of the blank canvas . he place the newspaper on a side table , where it slowly unroll of its own accord . he stare at the blank canvas for several moment . preusser appear . preusser ( scornful , angry ) " White on a white background " ... " allegory of emptiness " ... you father - in-law ? kurt remain silent . preusser ( cont 'd ) what a asshole . kurt still do not say anything . preusser come over , try to say something comforting . preusser ( cont 'd ) you know , for the first time I have like somebody else to succeed more than I . kurt still do not turn round . preusser ( cont 'd ) you mistake be that you be still bound to the easel and canvas . do something with ... ( look round ) dust , or ... break glass or rubber band . Painting be just dead . like folk dance and lace- make and silent movie . kurt be too demoralize to discuss it . preusser ( cont 'd ) ( with sympathy ) I only want the best for you , you know . otherwise I would just let you go on like this . I mean , it 's too late for we to become doctor now . 118 135 . 136 kurt attempt to give he a friendly smile , which do not quite work . preusser go back into he studio . after stare at the blank canvas for a few more minute kurt reach for the newspaper , which have now unroll itself . the headline : nazi murderer caught after 16 year . and a black & white picture of kroll , a three - quarter shot from behind , in a hat , guard by a policeman . underneath the word : " burghard kroll surrender to authority . " kurt stare at it for a long time . suddenly he pick up a pencil ( 4b ) and a ruler from he table and quickly draw a grid over the picture . with great dexterity he tear the photo out of the paper , place the canvas sideways on the easel and pin the photo to it with two draw pin . he pick up a stick of charcoal and copy the contour of the picture on to the canvas as a outline . and then he start painting . he copy the photograph precisely . in black and white . until the picture be finish and be identical to the photograph . and yet not completely identical . underneath the picture he paint the precise letter of the caption of the newspaper , freehand , as he use to do in the poster workshop : burghard kroll surrendering to the authorities . the picture be finish . one of the canvase be now a complete painting . kurt turn off the light . int . kurt and ellie 's apartment - night ellie be wait for kurt . she be surprised and overwhelm by he ardent greeting : before he have even close the door he kiss she , undress she and take she with a passion he have not show in a long time . . int . university of dusseldorf gynecological hospital - stair - morning kurt be wash the stair with precision and enthusiasm . he look thoughtful . almost content . 119 137 . int . dusseldorf academy of art - kurt 's studio - day kurt enter with he briefcase full of photograph . he choose one of they . kurt 's Pov , a sort of Pov of the photograph : when he have choose a picture he draw a grid on it and pin it to the easel . it be a picture of aunt elisabeth as a young woman , hold little kurt . she be smile , while little kurt be gaze into the camera with a precociously serious expression . the picture take shape on the canvas . kurt even recreate the texture of the photograph and the serrate edge . flash : he last memory of aunt elisabeth as she be taken away and mouth the word through the window of the ambulance : " never look away ! " he blurring of the image so it would be bearable . kurt gaze at the picture he have just paint , not yet content with it . something be miss . he pick up a fine brush and use it to blur the sharp contour . then he place the picture of kroll 's arrest on the easel and also blur the contour here . only now do_ the picture gain they full force . kurt go out of the room to fetch something . preusser enter the empty studio and see the two picture of kroll and aunt elisabeth . kurt come back with the episcope from the lecture theater . preusser ( point to the picture ) what 's this ? kurt I do not know either . but I think that 's it . preusser ( genuinely baffle ) paint copy of photograph . 120 kurt laugh and close the blind . preusser go back into he studio . kurt have to close the interconnect door to make he studio dark enough . kurt sorry . he turn on the episcope , point it at the blank canvas . he put a photograph under the episcope . we do not see what the picture be , but from he reaction we see that it do not have the effect he want . he exchange it for another photograph . still no good . and another . then he see seeband 's envelope on the table . he open it and take out the passport photograph . he look at they and put they underneath the episcope . that 's it . he start painting . all four of the passport photograph in one picture . seeband 's perfect pose , each very slightly different . he open the large wooden shutter , and the room become bright again . he leave one of the window open to get some fresh air and gaze at the picture in the light of day . it 's ready . he put it with the other two : now he have three finish painting . he look more closely at the picture of aunt elisabeth . he see one place where a brushstroke be not quite perfect and put it back on the easel to fix it . a slight gust of wind cause one of the shutter to swing close . in the darkness the project passport photograph can suddenly be see on the canvas alongside the picture of aunt elisabeth . for one eerie moment aunt elisabeth be stand next to Professor seeband . then the shutter swing back open . aunt elisabeth be all alone again . kurt freeze . he cross to the window , hesitates and then close the shutter again , look almost apprehensive . the picture fit together curiously well . he place a fresh canvas on the easel and start painting . aunt elisabeth and Professor seeband , together again after 20 year . once more , kurt change the image he be project on the canvase : now burghard kroll be project over the picture . almost like in a feverdream , the head be so 121 138 . 139 140 . close that they seem to be bear out of one another , the face of the accuse child in between . int . kurt and ellie 's apartment - night ellie and kurt , now just as close together . he be lie on top of she , as they do so many year ago in wiener strasse . they be bath in sweat , breathless . kurt move one arm slightly so he body cover hers precisely . . int . university of dusseldorf gynecological hospital - stair - day Cleaning the stair in the hospital have become a welcome exercise . kurt be in a world of he own . suddenly seeband enter through the main door with a group of other medical dignitary . he come up the stair , and as they pass kurt , seeband clearly see he but do not say anything . when they have vanish above he , kurt carry on wash the stair . int . dusseldorf academy of art - kurt 's studio - day kurt be just stretch a new canvas when the door to he studio open . seeband ( 0.c. ) ( harsh , arrogant ) I imagine you will understand why I do not introduce you this morning ? it would not have be appropriate . he hang he coat on a hook next to the door . seeband ( cont 'd ) well , how be the world of art ? and even more importantly : do you have my passport ? I have come to collect it . now he turn - and see in front of he the picture of burghard kroll . flash : kroll and seeband at the meeting in the fuhrer' chancellery 20 year earlier . he see the picture of aunt elisabeth . 122 flash : the young aunt elisabeth desperately clutching he legs and be dragge away by the orderly . he see the picture of himself . and then seeband see the picture of they altogether , body and face superimpose , united . seeband 's face twitches . but he can not look away . preusser enter . seeband look over at he briefly , confuse , then at kurt , and then back at the picture . for the first time seeband be not at all a imperious figure . all he authority have vanish . he be a scared old man . very weak . a little man who be petrify of kurt . seeband ( cont 'd ) I ... have to ... go I be afraid . thank you ... excuse I . he back out as if unwilling to turn he back on the painting . his posture bent . he take he coat , drape it over he arm and back out of the door , close it behind he . preusser look over at kurt . preusser have you ever see anything like that ? what do you say to he ? what be wrong with he ? kurt be also stare over at the door incredulously , still in agitation and excitement over what just happen . kurt ( honestly ) no idea . the spell have be break . montage : 141 . int . university of dusseldorf gynecological hospital - stair - day as kurt be wash the stair , this time almost with a smile on he face , the door open once again - and 123 142. 143 . 144 preusser enter with arendt ivo and adrian schimmel . each of they be carry a bucket , and they start help kurt , fool around . with a group of they do the dirty work , it turn out to be lot of fun . intercut with : int . kurt and ellie 's apartment - night nake embrace , passionate and close . they roll over the bed and fall to the floor , roll further , still kissing , laugh . intercut with : int . dusseldorf academy of art - kurt 's studio - day now kurt begin a spurt of productivity , and the canvase ( intercut ) get bigger and bigger . - the nurse at arnsdorf 48 cm x 60 cm - portrait of Johann with dog 80 cm x 60 cm - uncle giinther , almost bring to life again in the picture 87 cm x 50 cm - the four-engine lancaster bomber , complete with bomb , over dresden ; a newspaper clipping 130 cm x 180 cm - the seeband family at the beach 150 cm x 200 cm - a door give we the sense that something ominous take place behind it , five panel 205 cm x 100 cm kurt stand in front of he own picture , almost surprised by they . then he turn off the light . . int . kurt and ellie 's apartment - night kurt open the door . ellie walk towards he gravely , graciously , stride steadily like a queen . kurt if you know how beautiful you look right now . ellie 124 I be pregnant . he be staggered . ellie ( cont 'd ) the fourth month . I go to the doctor . the fourth month . we be go to be parent ! kurt sink to he knee and embrace she , press he head against she belly , kissing she belly , weep . ellie herself can hardly believe it and also start weep . ellie ( cont 'd ) we be go to be parent . we be go to be parent . 145 . int . dusseldorf academy of art - corridor outside kurt 's studio - day kurt be stand in the corridor with he camera , talk to ellie , who be inside he studio and peer out . only she head be visible . kurt it 's Sunday . there 's nobody here . I promise . finally she step out of the studio , look nervous . she be completely naked . he lead she to the stair , run down to the floor below and stand on the landing , look up at she . kurt ( cont 'd ) please , there 's nobody here . please , like yesterday . please tell I again . and then come down the stair . ellie be hesitant at first but then resolve that if she 's go to do this , she will either have do it with absolute dignity , or not at all . ellie ( quietly ) I be pregnant . and now she come down the stair , move with gentle , majestic step , she head slightly lower . kurt be so 125 146 147 . impressed that he forget for a moment to take a photograph . then he do so . . int . dusseldorf academy of art - kurt 's studio - day / night kurt be painting a huge canvas , the biggest he have ever stretch . it be he monumental picture " nude on staircase " . he have to climb a ladder to finish it . int . dusseldorf academy of art - kurt 's studio - day kurt open the shutter , and light flood into the studio . preusser , arendt ivo and adrian schimmel be stand here , look at the painting . high angle : we see the men from behind the canvas , the top of the canvas in the bottom edge of the shot . kurt look over at he friend almost shyly . they be engross in gaze at the picture . preusser now that 's not potato , be it ? ivo be about to respond but decide to continue look at the picture instead . preusser ( cont 'd ) should we show it to van verten ? I think we could find a gallerist for it . adrian oh , what the hell ! this do not deserve a provincial gallerist . kurt , what do you say I become you gallerist ? preusser adrian schimmel , the gallerist ? adrian adrian finck . ivo rest one hand on he shoulder . ivo you be not as bad as you always pretend to be , you know that ? 126 adrian finck stretch he hand out to kurt barnert . adrian 50 - 50 ? kurt shake on the deal . adrian ( cont 'd ) but first we do not sell a thing . first we hold a big exhibition of you work , with press conference and tv . International attention . preusser Paris ? ( reverently ) New York ? adrian finck shake he head . adrian documenta . kassel . he say this with such assurance that nobody doubt the wisdom of he choice . 148 . int . documenta kassel — day insert title : kassel 1968 a large modern exhibition hall with kurt 's painting hang on the wall , some frame . a group of journalist be here for the preview , strolling from one picture to the next , gaze at they with interest . they be make note and recording they comment in dictaphone . so here they be , the " nurse " , the portrait of kurt 's father as " Johann with Dog " , uncle giinther as " soldier " aunt elisabeth and kurt as " mother with child " . the seeband be " family at Beach " , the portrait of seeband 's passport picture simply " portrait " . the lancaster bomber . and in the middle , tower above everything , the overwhelming " nude on staircase " . there be only one picture miss . intercut 149 . int . dusseldorf academy of art - antonius van verten 's office 127 150 . Van verten enter he office . there be a painting on he desk , wrap in paper , with the traditional red bow . he open it . it be the overlap portrait of seeband , kroll , aunt elisabeth and young kurt . Van verten sit down and gaze at it . he _ smile seriously . then he pick up a hammer , hammer a nail into the wall and hang the painting behind he desk . back to scene : int . documenta kassel - day about 80 fold chair have be set up on one side of the exhibition hall , face a podium with a table cover in a black cloth and two chair . attendant guide the journalist over to the press conference . kurt be sit on the podium with the director of documenta , arthur kastner . ellie be stand at the back of the room , a one - year - old child in she arm : a little girl . kurt smile over at she . she raise the baby 's arm and wave back with it . adrian finck be stand next to ellie , excited but happy . Arthur kastner tap the microphone . arthur kastner be there any question for kurt barnert ? he look round . the last of the journalist be take they seat . arthur kastner ( cont 'd ) then perhaps I will put the first question . herr barnert , most of you picture be base on amateur photograph or magazine . but the picture " nude on staircase " be surely a homage to duchamp ? kurt yes . anybody who be expect a longer explanation be disappointed . a sprinkle of laughter . kastner take it with good humor . journalist # 1 128 the magnificent painting " mother and child " we can see here . who be depict there ? you and you mother ? kurt begin to speak , but we can hardly hear technician push the microphone closer to he . kurt no . it 's just a snapshot . it do not really matter to I who I paint . the journalist murmur together . journalist # 2 but if you paint a portrait , you must know the person ... kurt it 's actually better if I do not know they . sound of astonishment . kurt ( cont 'd ) then I see better what be really there . journalist # 2 be that the reason behind the passport photograph from a machine ? a photograph without a author ? kurt yes . journalist # 2 so by painting a army officer you be not make a statement about the german Army ? kurt no . I do not make statement . I make picture . photograph . photograph by other mean . journalist # 3 if you take even the composition from a snapshot - surely that mean everything be very random ? kurt not random . real. genuine . consistent . only reality be consistent . every reality be consistent . he . a 129 journalist # 4 what do you mean by that ? kurt if I say six number now it 's just stupid , meaningless . but if the six number be the win number from the lottery , then they mean something , they have coherence , value , almost beauty ... and truth . that 's how it be with the photograph . I want the truth . the journalist look impressed but also confuse . kurt gaze at they calmly with he steel - gray eye . the baby begin to cry . ellie try to calm she , but she can see there 's no point . she give kurt a surreptitious wave and walk off . arthur kastner yes , herr meybert , you question ? journalist # 5 what will be next for you ? more paint , slightly blurred copy of photograph ? kurt no , I have have enough of they for a while . right now I be interested in color chart . journalist # 5 Color chart ? kurt yes ... 151 . int . dokumenta kassel - shortly afterward journalist # 3 be stand in front of the picture of ellie on the stair , hold a microphone . his cameraman , a tall , thin hippie with a ponytail , do not look happy . cameraman ( indicate the breast and crotch ) that will get we into trouble . the journalist move on to the next picture , the smile german soldier . cameraman ( cont 'd ) 130 that will get we into trouble as well . the journalist look round and come over to stand in front of the picture " mother and child " . the cameraman give he the thumb - up and start filming . journalist # 3 Magazine image choose at random , passport photograph from machine , snapshot from family album - all paint in blurry style . with this picture , which admittedly have genuine force in some mysterious 's way , kurt barnert seem on he way to become one of the lead artist of he generation - in painting , a supposedly long dead medium . but , like so many of he generation , he have no statement to make , no storey to tell , and nothing to say . he be rejecting artistic tradition , side - step the auto-biographical and be thus create , perhaps for the first time in the history of art ... a body of work in which the artist be almost irrelevant . the camera close in on the picture of " mother with child " behind he until the reporter be out of shot . journalist # 3 ( o.c. , cont ’d ) be that good ? cameraman ( 0o.c . ) Super . 152 . ext . documenta kassel - night kurt come out of the fridericianum at night . adrian you sure you do not want a lift to the hotel ? kurt I would like to walk a bit . adrian you be good today . it be good . it 's go to be good . adrian drive off . kurt turn up the collar of he coat and set off through the cold night . 131 153 . he come past a large bus station : there must be 20 bus here . after hesitate briefly he walk towards they . ext . kassel — central bus station - night long shot : we see kurt walk up to the cab of one bus and speak to the driver . through the windshield of the bus we see the driver pick up he radio and talk to the other driver . kurt take up position in the center , the bus all around he . one of they hoot its horn , and then another . in the last 25 year the quality of bus horn have improve . a dozen bus be now hoot , create a deep , dense , move drine . kurt open he arm as if to draw in the sound and close he eye . he look happier than ever before . fast cut , at half -second interval : the various surface of abstract picture that be to come : layer of thick paint merging into one another , move with a wide blade . deep red give way to brilliant yellow . blue to GREEN , grey to lilac . when the hoot stop , CUT to black . the end 132