new york minute by Emily Fox revision by Mark steilen revised second draft February 27 , 2003 fade in : ext . suburban STREET - dawn close on the anxious , sweat , frighten face of drew macleod , 17 , run to save she life . think Dustin hoffman in marathon man -- someone , something -- be after she but unseen . she glance fearfully behind at she mysterious pursuer , she breathing become more labor . cut through a desert park , she leap a bench . above she , the thin morning sun have only begin to lighten the leave . around the corner , she 's back on a sidewalk line with beautiful home , all quiet at dawn , the only noise she racing footstep and quicken breaths . drew's Pov - her own front door and safety loom half a block down . she pour on the effort , hurdle a hedge , jump the stair and make the door , rip it open , bolt inside and slam it shut . angle on the shrub where , with the camera at ground level , a golden retriever puppy , unable to leap the hedge , plows into it headfirst and disappear . yelp ! int . macleod house - foyer - continuous action Drew , wheeze from the exertion , pull a asthma inhaler from she pocket , take a hit , then peek out the window in the front door and see ... drew's Pov the puppy squeeze through the hedge , wiggling its bum to extricate itself . a six - year -old girl pick it up , hug it close : six - year -old girl where be you go , jelly bean ? CUT to : 2 . int . macleod house - parker be room - morning close on a japanese executive ( with a clock in he belly ) which suddenly begin scream in japanese , its jaw wagging . from under pile of clothes and sheet , parker macleod , 17 , Drew 's twin sister , open one eye , shut off the shriek alarm clock . with a sigh , she throw she foot over the edge of the bed . her room be a train wreck . grabbing a Match box 20 T-shirt from the pile on the bed , she give it a sniff . good enough . pull it on , she pause , look a bit concerned down at she navel . a recent belly - button pierce look a little red . she touch it . ouch . when a ringing be hear , she begin toss clothes , blanket , shoe , try to unearth the source . she pull she blackberry from under the cover : thoreau 786 : made critical error last p.m. parker snicker , type she return from ... notatwin : confess thoreau 786 : dropped triple depth charge after dinner . notatwin : that much caffeine be illegal in utah . thoreau 786 : then bought ' no money down ' real estate course around 3:00 a.m. this make she smile . notatwin : a career man . I like that . CUT to : int . macleod house - bathroom - morning Drew stand before the mirror , perfect perfection . in a tasteful suit , hair just so , she open the drawer ... ... which be hyper-organized , everything in a little label nook . she pull out tweezers and we see beneath where it say , " tweezers . " she lean into the mirror very close , spot a stray eyebrow hair , pluck it . pull back , she raise she other eyebrow . huh . now they be not even . ( continued ) 3. continued : she lean in again and pluck one from the other eyebrow . uh-oh . this be like when you mom cut you hair and keep cut to get it even until you be shave . she reach for the other side ... but suddenly catch herself and stop . deep breath . let 's not get too psychotic . she dunk the tweezers in the alcohol jar , then replace they . check she tooth , she spot a stick bit . grabbing she water pick she begin clean she tooth . parker ( o.s. ) Morning . startle , Drew shoot herself in the eye with the water pick . parker 's entered from she side . Drew shut off the water pick , dry she face . parker why the young executive look ? drew I have my interview at nyu today . parker , sleepy , stretch , unaware she 's expose she new belly ring . drew no way Mom know about that . self - consciously , parker drop she arm , pull she shirt down . parker and she never will . at least until after I be marry . drew do not it hurt ? parker like hell . Drew shiver . drew piercing be so ... unhygienic . a little beep beep from she preset watch alarm go off . ( continued ) 4. continued : drew Breakfast . Drew turn on she heel and exit . when parker set she blackberry down we get we first glimpse of ... ... her side of the bathroom which resemble a post - apocalyptic toiletry landscape . there 's a very clear line of demarcation on the counter like the demilitarize zone separate the korea . parker reach among the rubble for she toothbrush but notice another message on she blackberry : thoreau 786 : know what today be ? notatwin : another day in hell ? thoreau 786 : two week since our first chat . notatwin : our anniversary . how sweet . thoreau 786 : since it be a special occasion , my real name's warren collier . if you 're ever in the CITY , i'd love to meet . gotta go . accompany the text , a picture Warren have send finish downloading -- eighteenish , the shaggy chic , calvin klein model - type . parker ( suddenly wide - awake ) hellooo , Warren . distract , parker drop she toothbrush , which bounce off the counter and plop into the toilet . on the toilet BOWL -- there it be , slowly sink . parker be stone-face . she look to she sister 's side of the counter where a fresh brush sit in the flower holder . she 's consider ... she 's reach ... then ... nah . instead , she squeeze the tube straight into she mouth , brushes with a finger and spit . int . macleod house - kitchen - morning Drew 's seat , napkin on lap , eat granola and study she open daybook . ( continued ) 5 . continued : dr . quinn macleod , dress professionally and obviously together even at this hour , pour coffee for herself and she husband , professor charley macleod , who enter still in he ratty old bathrobe and outrageous bed-head . as a matter of routine , quinn hold out he cup and he take it , kiss she and sit down to the paper . drew Morning , dad. charley Morning , baby . drew how 's the book come ? charley ( sigh ) well , sweety , my write process be a lot like a giant hydroelectric dam . for a long time I just let the great idea build up and build up until the sheer weight of they spill over and the word just come pour out . drew still stick , huh ? charley not a word . parker enter with she blackberry in hand , smooches she pop , then take a sit . parker 's clearly a chip off she dad 's block . both pour milk first into they bowl , then charley drop in Super sugar crisp while parker pour in Count chocula . both hit them with a couple of spoon of extra sugar . Mom take a seat , too , primly eat a piece of dry wheat toast that she slice in half first . like Mom , like Drew . Drew spot the blackberry jpeg of Warren before parker can turn it over . drew another one for the trophy room , huh ? ( continued ) 6 . continued : parker boy can be fun . you should try one some time . quinn ( to Drew ) you ready for you interview ? drew ( funny you should ask ) I have prepare a color-code itinerary base on divide the day into fifteen minute increment alternate blue / red , double - check the train schedule , confirm with the weather Channel and rehearse a couple of alternate scenario last night , you know , just to account for all the possible glitches . parker we will take that as a yes . charley I be proud of you for stick to you plan all this year , sweety . parker I still do not understand why you want to finish college in two year ? what 's the big hurry ? drew I want to hit the ground run . all that football game and the party and the whole dating scene . it just seem like a lot of waste time that could be spend more productively . quinn the accelerate program would look great on you mo school application . parker football game I get . but party ? a waste of time ? parker look to she dad . he shrug . ( continued ) 7. continued : charley to each she own . quinn well , Drew . I have a surprise . everybody stop what they be do for a beat . quinn I take the day off . ( excitedly ) I be go into the City with you . drew ( panicked ) what -- ?! Drew choke on she granola and a little milk trickle out she nose . quinn be not that great ! we can do some shopping , have lunch , real girl stuff . wo not that be fun ? parker if you want to have fun , I be the one who should go , not mother Teresa over there . Drew be still choke -- pretty badly . parker let I know if you want I to do the heimlich . it would be cool to have you owe I you life . whoosh ! the granola go down and she suck air . quinn you okay ? drew ( still clear ) no ... I mean , it 's ... impossible . I have get every minute account for right up to the interview . Blue and red ! it will not work . quinn I just think ... you know ... I have be work and we have not have a chance to spend much time together ... ( continued ) 8. continued : quinn , the normally thick -skin M.D. , be tear up . quinn ... and both my baby be go away to college next fall . she take she plate and go to the sink and parker follow she , put a arm around she shoulder . parker do not be sad , Mom . just think , when Drew leave for school , you will not be lose a daughter , you will be lose a anal - retentive social misfit who will be vote most likely to die a virgin . Drew throw a arm around quinn 's other shoulder . drew I be sorry , Mom . it 's really sweet of you . but do not worry . parker will be live here with you forever since no college on earth will ever take she . quinn stop it , you two . Mom blow she nose . parker it 's not fair you guy get to go into the City and I do not . charley do not you have a chem test , young lady ? parker chemistry ? please . name one time you ever use chemistry in you life . charley ( beat ) good point . quinn ( adamant ) I use chemistry every day . ( continued ) 9 . continued : parker you be a doctor , Mom . I be not go to be a doctor . I can not even say the word ' orifice , ' let alone put a finger up one . the beep beep of Drew 's alarm watch signal time to go . Drew be try to cover up , but she 's reeling from the news that she mother 's go to accompany she . drew ( worried ) time to go . int . drew's room - morning Drew 's room look like a four-star hotel suite . almost tremble with tension , she enter and immediately sit down at she desk with she dayplanner , turn to the present date : close on the page , where every fifteen minute be color - code and accounted for right up to ... 2:07 -- professor que spaulding , chair , new york university accelerate study program , administration build , suite 101 . quinn ( o.s. ) come on , honey ! let 's tear up Manhattan ! with a shiver , Drew close the book , look up into the mirror , take a squirt off she inhaler to calm herself and try some self - reassurance . drew you be smart . you be resourceful . you will find a way to make it work . she try to sell herself on this by smile , but something in the smile suggest she' screwed . collect she dayplanner , purse , interview file and cell phone , she drop they into she match coach shoulder bag . ext . driveway - macleod house - morning quinn hop in she saab . angle on the doorway , where Drew pause , take a deep breath to brace herself , then walk like a condemn prisoner to she mother 's car and climb in . 10 . int . quinn be saab - continuous action ring ! quinn 's cell phone go off . quinn look annoyed , check the income number . Drew close she eye and pray . quinn ( to phone ) Doctor macleod ... ( beat ; winking at Drew ) I be sorry , but my itinerary be book solid today . call Dr. wessel . he 's cover for I . ( beat ) he do ? ( beat ) be you sure it 's the baby 's head ? ( beat ) all right . I be come . frustrate , Mom hang up and with a look of profound disappointment , turn to Drew . quinn I be sorry , hon . it 's a Blue Light special in maternity . every bed 's full and some poor woman be about to give birth in the gift shop . I have to go in . Drew muster she best sad , sad face for she mom . drew ah , darn it , Mom . that 's a shame . it 's like fate be conspire against we . quinn I know . drew you absolutely , positively have to promise I we will do it another time . quinn I promise . I better hurry . have parker drop you at the train station on she way to school , will you ? quinn give she daughter a smile and a kiss . ( continued ) 11 . continued : quinn kill them in that interview . drew ( beat ) Mom , you know , I might not get in . quinn be you kid I ? you be Drew macleod . nobody 's smarter , nobody work harder and nobody , and I mean nobody , be ever more prepare . Drew smile , hug she mom and jump out , wave as she mom back down the drive and disappear down the street . with the weight of the world suddenly lift from she shoulder , Drew look to the sky and mouth , " thank you . " this be when parker come haul down the driveway in she Honda Accord . Drew signal she to stop , so of course she sister ignore her and jet into the street . drew hey ! stop ! Drew take off run after the car ! drew parker !! ext . philadelphia train station - morning commuter all jump from they car and into the station . int . the girl ' honda - morning parker pull up to the curb at the station . Drew collect she bag . parker good luck with you interview . Drew pause , hold the door open . drew you know , parker . chemistry be important . when you think about it , everything 's make of chemical . ( continued ) 12 . continued : parker oh , I be interested in chemistry . just not the kind with all the number and stinky test tube . Drew shut the door and hustle off into the train station . parker sigh , look to the blackberry on the seat next to she . parker ah , chemistry . int . first train car - morning Drew find a seat . she neatly fold she jacket and set it next to she . she pull out a lumbar support pillow and tuck it behind she -- just right . next , she take out a tiny inflatable lap desk , blow it up and set it across she lap . a pen go in the little holder . coffee from she thermos . after lay out she interview material , she turn to she reflection in the window . drew ( low ; rehearse ) Professor spauld . good afternoon . I be Drew macleod . a executive take the aisle seat next to she , and after a sideways glance at Drew 's portable office , open he Wall Street Journal as the train begin to pull away . every commuter be quietly read the paper or stare off into they own world , wonder why they life have lead they to this sad moment when ... ... they be all distract by a awful , awful voice sing sheryl crow 's " soak up the Sun . " it 's parker , wear she headphone and look for a seat in the full train car . Drew stare at she , dumbfounded . drew what do you think you be do ? parker ( too loud ; with headphone on ) look for a seat . ( continued ) 13 . continued : drew this can not be happen . wait , I know . this be one of that Ground hog Day dream , be not it ? Drew pinch herself too hard . drew ow ! ( to parker ) I be awake now . you be suppose to disappear . parker ( still too loud ) you know , I just get this itch . drew then scratch it and get back to school . parker I could not concentrate anyway . I be too ... distract today . drew you be permanently distract . it 's call attention deficit disorder . ( spot she blackberry ) be this about that chat room guy ? it be , be not it ? a look from the exec remind parker of she headphone and she pull they off . parker no ! it 's about spontaneity , which you obviously would not know anything about . drew I swear to God , parker , you go through boyfriend like junior mint . it 's pathetic . parker pathetic ? you want to talk about pathetic ?! at least I do not count get accidentally feel up in dodge ball as my first date ! ( more ) ( continued ) 14 . continued : parker ( cont 'd ) you be go to be eighteen and you have never even have a boyfriend ! the executive furrow he brow at Drew -- never ? drew be this any of you business ? he go back to he paper . drew this be ridiculous . I do not have time for this today . Fine . do not graduate from high school . make a mess of you life over some complete stranger . I do not care . but leave I out . I have something important I need to accomplish today , so please go away . executive ( to parker ) would you like this seat so you two can fight ? drew / parker no thank you . Drew 's alarm watch beeps . drew I have to mentally preview my day now . I can not talk anymore . parker turn to go , then remember something . parker uh , Drew ? do you have any money ? I do not have enough for a ticket . Drew just roll she eye and turn she back on she sister . the executive peer over he spectacle at parker with the old paternal reprimand look . parker please . like you never ditch school . CUT to : 15 . int . second train car - morning parker 's get she headphone back on and be singing uncle cracker 's " follow I , " torture everyone in she car . parker ' you do not know how you meet I ...' but when she spot the conductor entering the front of the car , she abruptly stop , slip down in he seat and slide past the commuter lady next to she into the aisle . parker Excuse I . parker head the opposite direction from the ticket - take conductor and out the back of the train car . int . the train - women be room - continuous action parker stand by the door , wait , listen to hear if the coast be clear . sound good . she crack the door , step out on tiptoe , close the door and there's the conductor . he smile . conductor ticket , please . parker why do not I save the b.s. story and just ask you to cut I a break this one time because I know you have get a big heart and you remember what it be like when you be young and ... and ... ( off the conductor 's look ) ... randy ? ext . trenton station platform - morning parker 's on the platform . the conductor climb back on the train into the first car . parker ( call after ) I guess you be never young and randy ! this be when she see Drew sit in the train window , smile and give she a little victory wave . 16 . int . first train car - morning the conductor head up the aisle -- do a double - take when he see Drew . conductor very funny . drew Excuse I ? conductor let 's go . he take she by the arm . drew what be you do ? Drew scramble to grab she bag , jacket , the little inflatable lap desk fall to the floor . conductor I try to be nice about it , but if you want the police involved , this be the way to do it . drew Police ? I do not do anything . conductor no ticket , no train ride . drew ( realize ) no ! that 's not I ! that be my twin sister you throw off ! conductor Young lady , in thirty year I have hear every possible line but that 's the lamest ever . drew ( point ) she 's right there ! angle on the platform no parker . he haul Drew down the aisle but as they exit the car , she bump head - on into bike messenger / pre-med / mountain climber / male model guy -- they really do crack forehead , ouch ! ( continued ) 17 . continued : be drew seeing star ? or be it the magic of this instant in time with dream guy ? both of they shake off the woozies . he smile : dream guy you okay ? drew I be ... ouch . conductor she 's fine , consider she should be in jail . as the conductor escort she down the stair , she and dream guy share a last look before she 's ... ... leave on the platform just as the train 's pull out . still no sign of parker and Drew do not have all she wit about she . drew this can not be happen ! I have a ... a... little paper thingy . what be they call ? ticket ! I have a ticket ! it 's right ... she drop she bag , content spilling willy - nilly . on she hand and knee , she frantically search for she ticket in the mess . the conductor , however , be already on the train stop as it pull away . he just wave , victorious . parker step back out onto the platform and the conductor spot she . he look from one sister to the other -- oop , mistake . but it 's too late . sheepishly , he climb inside and the train be go . drew ( to the god ) aarrggh ! parrr ... kerrr ! parker step up from behind she . parker you get kick off , too ? why do not you just buy a ticket ? parker stoops to help collect a couple of thing but Drew , mad at hell , swat she hand away . ( continued ) 18 . continued : drew do not. parker what happen to you head ? drew oh , just a minor concussion I sustained while the conductor be throw I off the train because he think I be you sneaking back on the train ! parker sorry . drew I will bet . Drew throw she bag over she shoulder and head for the ticket counter . the welt on she forehead be gonna be a doozey . parker ( call after ) I be ! where be you go ? drew to see when the next train leave . parker I already -- but Drew 's inside the stationhouse . parker -- do . they say something about a delay . parker follow into the stationhouse . int . trenton train station - continuous action pack with frustrated commuter . Drew 's stand in a long line at the ticket counter , steaming , turn a cold shoulder on ... ... parker , who walk right through to the street side . 19 . ext . trenton train station - STREET side - continuous action parker step outside where it 's just as crowded . she scope the situation , which be not good -- strand commuter jostle for the few remain taxis . two executive get into a shove match . to the leave , a couple of black lincoln town car -- standard car service rig -- sit idling , each with a driver next to it , hold up he sign with he client 's name scratch on it . a executive ( # 2 ) pass she , finger in the air , signal the first driver who hold a sign that read : " wilcox . " executive # 2 that 's I . with no further ado , the driver open the back door for he , the exec climb in , the driver hustle around to he side and in a instant , the car leave the chaos behind . parker raise a eyebrow . hm . the second driver ( bennie ) with a head like a cinder block and no neck , be talk on he cell phone and hold up a sign , " scarpelli . " parker shoot a finger into the air . this barely get he attention but he nod , nonchalantly . parker signal again -- one minute -- then turn back inside . int . trenton train station Drew have reach the counter , where a bitter train clerk who wish he would pay attention in school be tired of angry commuter . drew that can not be . I have to be there before two ! train clerk well , maybe if you flap you arm real fast you can fly there , because you will not get there on a train . drew ( about to explode ) what do you just say ? ( continued ) 20 . continued : parker arrive in the nick of time , pull she by the arm . parker come on . hurry . I get we a ride . drew let go of my arm . but parker drag she away . Drew shoot a look back at the clerk , who stick out he tongue at she . ext . trenton train station - continuous action parker pull Drew toward the town car . drew what 's this ? parker a car service . drew car service ? you could not have call for a ... but bennie open the door for parker like he 's do it a thousand time . bennie Morning , miss . parker good morning . thank you . my sister 's come , too . Drew know some sketchy shit be go down buy she 's only get this instant to consider . she glance at the stranded mob descend on a lone approach cab , engulf it . parker you want to make that interview , or not ? Drew let herself be pull inside . bennie shut the door and waddle around to he side . int . town car - morning parker try to play cool -- Drew 's rigid -- angry and afraid . bennie check he invoice . ( continued ) 21 . continued : bennie so you be head to the teamster 's Hall on second Street ? parker ( chew a lip ) you know , mister ... she check he chauffeur 's license up front : Benjamin loyola . parker ... loyola . bennie bennie . parker Mr. bennie ? we have a slight change of itinerary . we need to go into Manhattan . 57th and 5th will be fine . bennie do not seem perturb a bit . bennie it 's pre-paid . no skin off my nose . drew ( whisper throughout ) pre-paid ? what 's 57th and 5th ? parker ( whisper throughout ) barney . drew not barney . parker we have get five hour . relax . he fire up the lincoln and off they go . Drew now have a pretty clear inclination as to what 's go on . she lean into she sister and whisper . drew this be suppose to be someone else 's car , be not it ? ( continued ) 22 . continued : parker so ? just then , bennie toss the sign , which he would stashed on the dash , onto the seat next to he , face up so Drew can read : drew ' scarpelli ' ? we be suppose to be italian ? parker Northern italian . drew this be so ... wrong . parker what ? you need to get to that interview . we now have a ride . we will pay for the ride . end of big deal . this be when bennie 's cell phone ring and he answer it . bennie yeah ? ( beat ) no . the city . ( beat ) what 'a you talkin ' about ? bennie glance into the rearview mirror , smile at the girl ... bennie I already get them . ... but he smile turn down at the corner as he listen . the girl exchange doubtful look . it get worse . bennie they be right here in the car . ( to girl ) ' scuse I . bennie raise the privacy glass but do not realize he 's leave the intercom button on so they can still hear he half of the conversation . the girl be petrified . ( continued ) 23 . continued : parker ( low to Drew ) not good . drew ( swallow ) what 's happen ? bennie ( to phone ) do not you think that 's a little severe ? I mean , they do not see nothin ' yet . they can not hear nothin' . yes they can and they be now scared as hell . bennie you be the boss . ( beat ) take it easy . I will fix it . ( beat ) no , I do not have a shovel . not today . it will be a big mess . besides , I just have this suit clean . the girl want out of this car ! bennie I will take them to the wharf , what difference do it make ? Drew yank out she inhaler and suck on it . drew ( whisper terror ) parker , I think maybe we should get out . parker see the light ahead turn red . parker I agree . how about ... now ! just as bennie brake for the light , parker throw she door open and pull Drew into the street ! a oncoming buick lock up its brake as they dash for the sidewalk . bennie ( o.s. ) hey ?! where you goin ' ?! 24 . ext . jersey sidewalk - morning they hit the sidewalk and without break stride , race around the first corner , look back over they shoulder . parker he 's stick at the light ! vrrooom ! here come the lincoln storming around the corner . drew he have no respect for traffic law ! they run into the first alley and hunker down by a garbage can . the lincoln fly past . they dash back out , the same way they come . screech ! bennie lock up the wheel ! they round the same corner go the opposite way and parker pull they into the first door ... int . mini - mart - morning ... where they crouch down the magazine rack . among the magazine be dog fancy with a picture of a chinese crested hairless on the cover and the headline : " emperor defend crown . " parker peer over the top and out the window . parker' Pov -- slowly , the lincoln cruise the street , bennie scan the neighborhood for they . drew be he go ? I can not believe this . what do you get we into ? parker we lose he . wow . that be a rush . drew a rush ? be you out of you mind ? bum ( o.s. ) hey . give I a quarter , will ya ? spook , they both turn to find a scraggly homeless guy with a slushee in he hand . they stand . parker reach in she pocket . ( continued ) 25 . continued : mini -mart clerk get outta here , uncle Jerry ! parker ( to homeless guy ) I do not have any change , but here . parker start to find the homeless guy a dollar but Drew reach over to stop she ... drew parker , you be only feed the poor man 's disease . buy he a healthy snack . ... just as the homeless guy reach for the dollar and the slushee be knocked from he hand . we watch in slow motion as the slushee take flight , the cap falling off and the sticky , cherry red mess fanning out until ... ... back to fast motion -- splat ! it catch drew full - face , drenching her . the homeless guy snag the dollar . homeless guy I gotta go . and he exit . parker sniff . parker ew . that stink . that 's not just slushee . the mini -mart clerk approach they , shaking he head . mini - mart clerk it 's mad Dog . look at that mess . it 's gonna smell up the store all day . Drew appear stunned , unable to form word so parker speak for she . parker May we use you bathroom please ? the cherry syrup and cheap wine concoction drip down Drew 's blank face . mini -mart clerk Gas station at the end of the block . have a nice day . 26 . int . burth pump ' not go - morning burt , who have no tooth , hand over the restroom key to the girl . the key be attach to a full - size steering wheel . burt sniff , wrinkling he nose . burt you know , it 's not my place to say , but you young girl get you whole life ahead of you . you should not be drinkin ' at this hour of the day . parker that 's what I keep tell she . burt ' round the side . ext . burth pump ' not go - morning the girl practically have to drag the key around to the restroom on the side . parker put the key in and slowly ... slowly ... creaking ... open the gate of hell on the girl -- who stare in horror into the abyss for a beat , then : girl ahhhhhhh !!!! CUT to : int . bus - morning sitting side by side . a young mother sit in front of they with she nine -month -old baby who 's stand on the seat face the girl . Drew 's bump on she forehead be large and inflame , she hair a stringy , ratty mess of booze and red- dye number four and glucose . she be in a really bad mood , only stare straight ahead . parker 's play peek -a- boo with the baby and try to lighten up she sister 's mood . parker everything 's go to be fine . ( to baby ) peek-a-boo ! ( more ) ( continued ) 27 . continued : parker ( cont 'd ) ( to Drew ) we be practically there . we will get you clean up , you will get into the program and ... ( to baby ) peek -a-boo ! ( to Drew ) ... we will both look back on this and laugh we butt off . blecch ! the baby puke all over Drew . she look sideways at she sister . drew I will never , ever , forgive you . ext . time square - morning the bus pull over then pull away , leave the girl on the sidewalk . parker see ? New York . we make it . drew I could be arrest for vagrancy look like this . parker listen . I have get a idea . drew no . no idea . I be go straight to that interview and wait , without move or speak , especially to you , for four hour . parker ( ignore she ) come on ! we be go to the Plaza ! we can be eloise ! we will get a nice room , you can take a shower and I will swap clothes with you ! simple as that ! drew do you have the slight clue what that would cost ? ( continued ) 28 . continued : parker so ? you have get the emergency credit card Mom give you , right ? Drew 's suddenly look at she empty hand . parker what 's wrong ? drew ( dawn realization ) oh. my. god. parker where 's you , uh , stuff ? drew ( near coma ) I leave it in he car . parker oh. drew he know where I live . he 's go to hunt I down and kill I . parker come on , Drew . I do not think even the mafia kill people just for scamm a ride . quit be paranoid . ( beat ) so , we do not do the Plaza . I have get ... parker dig in she pocket . parker six dollar and thirty - two cent . drew that will not get I hose down at a car wash . parker what be we think ? you have get you secret - safety twenty ! drew ( beat ) my secret - safety twenty . of course . but it 's only for emergency . ( continued ) 29 . continued : parker look she sister right in the eye . drew yeah . Drew take off she shoe , lift the inner sole and pull out a twenty , then realize : drew hey , how would you know about my secret - safety twenty ? parker that 's not important now . but let 's just say that it 's a good thing for you I think that shoe be so ugly I never borrow they . ( point ) hey , how about there ? parker point to hotel where the dilapidate sign read : the ritzy plaza -- hourly rate , hot tub . drew no . I want to get clean , not contract hepatitis . parker ( sotto voce ) twenty -six dollar and thirty - six cent . drew we touch nothing . parker lead they inside . int . the ritzy plaza this look like a good place to get you throat cut fight over a dime 's worth of crack . there 's no real lobby , just a small area to stand at the " desk " which be behind iron bar . behind the iron bar a rabbit- ear tv with a bust - in tube house a dead houseplant . a old easy chair leak stuff . parker ( swallow ) hello ? anybody ? ( continued ) 30 . continued : above , a baby screech . something break . then a disembodied voice speak to they . desk clerk ( o.s. ) keep you pants on . what 'dya want ? the girl look behind they , nobody . behind the bar ? still nobody . what the hell ? desk clerk ( o.s. ) I do not get all day . parker ( uh ... ) we need a room ... with a shower . just for a hour . there 's the sound of something scraping across the floor and then the midget HOTEL clerk appear behind the counter . now he 's stand on a stool and we do not know what he be do behind the counter . desk clerk sixty buck . parker ( get orient ) hi. desk clerk you want the room or not ? drew sixty dollar a hour for this -- parker ( interrupt ; cover ) -- really nice place . how much for half a hour . desk clerk maybe if you two be in school you could figure out that half a sixty be thirty . parker we have only get twenty - five . ( continued ) 31 . continued : desk clerk you think because I be short you can just charm I into make some deal , be that it ? parker no , not at all . drew it 's all we have . twenty -six dollar and thirty - six cent . desk clerk be you the one that stink so bad ? drew ( insulted ) I have a little accident , okay ? desk clerk all right , all right , do not get you underwear in a bunch . as a public service , just ' cause you stink so bad , you can have it for twenty - five . he retrieve a key and hold it up just out of reach between the bar . desk clerk ten-dollar deposit on key . drew what part of ' that be all the money we have ' do not make sense to you ? parker Sir , that 's every last cent we have in the world . I swear to you , we be not plan to steal you key . desk clerk I give you some special deal , the next thing you know , you two be tell everybody , hey , this midget be a real sap . we give he some sob story and the little guy just bust up into crocodile tear and hand over the key . ( continued ) 32 . continued : parker I promise we will not tell anyone . will we , Drew ? drew not a word . girl scout 's honor . he grudgingly hold out the key for parker , who take it and hand it to Drew while she get the money out . on drew -- sense something , she look down at she foot where a huge rat be lick the sweet stuff off she shoe . there 's a rather long beat while this horror sink in , then : drew ahhhhhh !!!! Key in hand , Drew make a beeline out the door . parker Drew ?! drew ?! parker follow she . desk clerk come back with my key ! the desk clerk jump off he stool , open he cage and follow they into the street . ext . STREET outside HOTEL - day panicked , Drew sprint down the sidewalk with parker and the desk clerk in tow . laying the hammer down , the desk clerk blast past parker -- he 's a midget , but he 's get wheel . parker Drew ! stop ! CUT to : int . maternity ward - morning a woman be give birth . her husband hold she hand . quinn and a nurse be at she foot . ( continued ) 33. continued : quinn Mrs. Greenspan ? you be go to have to help . I need you to push . but they do not have she attention which be rivete on ... ... a tv tune to " the today show " where whack ! the desk clerk drop drew like a sapp - sacking gannon , throwing they both into the line of audience member , who then topple like dominoe . mrs . greenspan do you see that ? mr. greenspan honey ? the baby ? please ? CUT to : ext . " today show " sidewalk - morning " today show " security guard and nypd descend on the crowd . nypd officer all right . who 's the wise guy ? parker pull Drew out of the pile - up and grab the key , toss it away from they , send the desk clerk scramble after it . the two girl high tail it around the corner . wind , they stop . parker man , that little guy could really motor . why would you bolt ? drew there be a rat , parker . a rat the size of a doberman eat my foot . parker that be all we money . drew we money ? our money ?! parker Key down , you be go to have a attack . ( continued ) 34 . continued : Drew 's suck on she inhaler but be so irate she spit out the word . drew parker , it be not ' we ' money and this be not ' we ' day in New York . what it be , be quite possibly the most important day of my life . I have resign myself to the fact that you do not give a crap about what you do with yours , but if you could find it in you heart , you tiny , cold steel heart , to respect what this mean to I , I would appreciate it . but parker 's not listen . she 's stare intently ... ... across the STREET where several town car be park , the driver chat next to a hot dog / pretzel cart . among they be bennie , sip coffee . parker spot he and freeze . drew you be not even listen . that 's typical . look , we be split up . give I back my secret safety money . parker ( still look past Drew ) you know how I tell you not to be paranoid ? drew paranoid ? parker what I mean be , it be not paranoia if someone really be chase you . parker try to subtly indicate with she eye that Drew should look across the street . drew what 's wrong with you eye ? parker ( whisper ) it 's he . ( continued ) 35 . continued : Drew finally turn and she , too , freeze . parker quiet . do not run . he will see we . not want to draw he attention , the Girls shuffle off quickly down the street . on bennie -- squinting across at they . can he make they out in the crowd ? he nod to another driver , toss he coffee cup and climb in behind the wheel . drew he saw US ! the girl break into a run . drew how would he find we ? parker maybe it 's just coincidence ! drew or maybe we told he where we be go !! she point up at the street sign -- 57th and 5th . oops. parker come on ! parker lead she into traffic , horn blaring , as they weave they way across . on the far side , a horse carriage pull away from the curb and at the last minute , parker spot a fresh pile of ... ... horse shit , which she manage to leap . Drew , however , isn't go to make it over . she close she eye . parker jump ! Drew stumble , wrong -foot the takeoff but somehow manage to get across it to the curb . for just a beat , we see she surprised face . hm. I do it . then they see bennie crossing in traffic , huffing and puffing after they and not see the pile , which he hit in full stride , slip on , and plop into on he ass . this give the girl the open they need and they ditch inside some revolve door . 36 . int . the plaza - girl ' Pov - day in the STREET , bennie 's get up , brush the crap off . when a cab honk at he , he give it a italian salute and slap the hood , but when he reach the curb it 's clear : he 's lose the girl . drew and parker drew I do not want to do this anymore . I want to be do . no more rat , no more mob hit man . parker well , cinderella , you wish have come true . ( gesture ) voila , La Plaza , mademoiselle . drew so? hello ? no dinero ? parker yeah . I have get what I would like to call a ' creative solution ' to that . drew no. I be call mom. parker what good will that do ? drew ( beat ) I will have she ... uh ... parker have she what ? hi , Mom ? could you leave that baby halfway outta there and drive into the city ? drew dad , then . parker dad , hey . drew. complete loser . could not get to a interview by myself , need full bail out . yeah . I be the one who be go to change the world , I just could not get across town . ( continued ) 37 . continued : drew damn it , parker , my itinerary be shot to hell ! Blue , red -- her watch alarm beeps . drew I do not even know what that mean ! I be run out of time . ( notice ) be that guy look at I ? parker start to look . drew do not look . parker when you ask a question like that , the person be go to look . Drew drag she behind a palm . sure enough , across the lobby , a guy dress as plainclothes HOTEL security ( morty sestero ) now pretend he be not keep a eye on they . drew I think he be . parker Drew , we have not do anything . drew yeah , but I be stand in the lobby of the Plaza look like a derange street person who might attack at any moment . in fact , I might attack at any moment . the elevator behind they open . parker let 's go . the girl slip into the elevator . when it close , morty 's watch . int . hallway - the plaza - day the girl climb out of the elevator and sneak to the end of the hall where parker stop and peer back around the corner . ( continued ) 38 . continued : drew ( whisper ) what be we do ? and why be I whisper ? parker we be get you a shower . blake greer pull this at the Sheraton after the prom . drew great . now we be emulate blake greer , vote most likely to commit a felony before have to shave . parker we be not go to steal anything . we be just go to sneak in , use a little soap and water and get out . drew oh , we be not go to steal anything . Super . just a little ' break and enter . ' parker we be not go to break anything . ( beat ) we be go to enter , however . drew no. no. no. parker shhh ... here come somebody . down the hall a door swing open and mr . and mrs . lo biancho , wealthy bostonian , exit they suite . another angle reveal -- at the opposite end of the hallway , parker and Drew be not the only one watch . a painter with one lazy eye , roger , pause with he roller and carefully peek around the corner . mrs . lo biancho it 's the New York kennel Club , emile , not the New York knickerbocker . please call the caterer and cancel the beer . ( continued ) 39 . continued : the elevator open for they and they step in . parker run like hell for the door of they suite ... it 's just about to close when she slide like pete rose into first , just get a hand on it . she lie there on the floor , hold the door and whisper loudly to Drew . parker hurry up ! drew no! parker ( beat ) I do not want to have to do this , but ... look in the mirror behind you . on drew -- brace herself , she turn slowly . CUT to : int . lo bianchos ' suite - day practically sewn to parker , Drew follow she into the suite , both nervous , tiptoeing . parker ( tentatively ) housekeep ? CUT to : int . the plaza - hallway at the end of the hallway , the painter watch the suite door close . hm . what be that girl do ? int . lo bianchos ' suite it 's lavish , yaddada yaddada . drew I can not do this . parker Drew , you be not a criminal . you just smell like one . this way . ( continued ) 40 . continued : parker lead she to the big double door of the master bedroom and slowly open they . there , on the bed , be the emperor , defend champion of the New York kennel Club Dog show . a chinese crested hairless with he little crown stick straight up , he may be the most absurd - look dog in history . he simply eye they . he might even be smile . drew oh , no . oh my god . a... a... ( puzzle ) what the hell be it ? parker a dog ? drew I be itching already . see ? be my arm red ? Drew back away -- she 's about to break for the door . parker Key down . I will take he in the live room and keep a lookout . you just get in that shower . parker approach the Emperor . parker ( baby talk ) hi , little guy . you do not look so tough , huh ? you do not look much like a dog , actually . more like Woody woodpecker . happy to give the company , the Emperor practically jump into parker 's arm . parker you be cute , be not you , in a freakazoidal kinda way . she take he into the live room and move to the door . parker be you daddy a rat ? be that it ? well , I still like you . parker , hold the Emperor , open the door a crack to keep a lookout . 41 . parker' Pov the hallway 's empty . but the Emperor , feel frisky , leap from she arm into the hallway , then turn to face she . come on . let 's play ! back to scene parker come back here , little ratdog . come to mommy parker . parker pull off a shoe and stick it in the doorway to keep it from close , then , hesitantly , try not to spook he into run away from she , she step into the hallway . int . hallway - the plaza but sure enough , just as she get close , he turn and dash down the hallway . parker bad ratdog ! she chase he down the hallway and then around the corner where they have to dodge can of paint , a ladder , until finally the Emperor slide on some plastic sheet , careen into a can of mauve paint and be cover . arm reach down , pick he up and parker look up to see the painter ( roger ) with the now - mauve Emperor in he arm . parker ( breathless ) wow . thank you . roger thank you . bye bye . no . he turn and run for the stairwell door mark exit . parker , completely baffle , finally call after he : parker that 's not you dog ! hey ! 42 . angle on the elevator around the corner as they open and the house security guy ( morty ) step out , look both way and spot one thing awry ... ... a shoe hold open the door to the lo bianchos ' suite . CUT to : int . lo bianchos ' suite - master bath - day Drew finish struggle out of the last of she sticky clothes and get one foot in the shower when she hear : house security guy ( o.s. ) hello ? Mrs. lo biancho ? House security ! poor naked drew freeze . the world stop spinning on its axis . panick , she grab the shower curtain , pull it off its hanger and cover herself . int . lo bianchos ' suite - live room - day the security guy snoops toward the bedroom door . just as he reach for the handle , the door swing open , shadock , clocking he and drop he . wrapped in the shower curtain , Drew race across the live room . just as she reach the hallway , parker 's there , also at a dead run and they do not even break stride . int . the plaza - hallway drew ( panicked ) there 's a man in there ! parker somebody take the dog ! they reach the end of the hallway and be trapped . only one out . parker huff OPEN the window to the fire escape and they climb out ... ext . plaza alley FIRE escape / alley - day ... and scurry down the stair only to find that the ladder doesn't reach . ( continued ) 43. continued : parker hang and then drop onto the top of a dumpster with one side of the lid still close , then jump to the alley . parker hurry up ! but drew's frozen with fear and to complicate matter , she 's struggle to keep the curtain wrap around herself . drew I will , uh , go around . parker be you out of you mind ?! it 's only a little way ! jump ! int . the plaza - hallway rubbing he sore head , morty the Security guy lumber down the hallway . behind he Mr. and Mrs. lo biancho get out of the elevator : mrs . lo biancho ( peeve ) when compete in a dog show , best to bring one 's dog along , yes ? mr. lo biancho I think you have he , dear . mrs . lo biancho ( hold up she hand ) see ? empty . but now they both notice the door to they suite be wide open . mrs . lo biancho oh , dear God ! the elderly couple do they version of a panicked run inside . mrs. lo biancho ( o.s. ) ( screeching ) ahhhh !! my baby ! someone's kidnapped my baby ! ( continued ) 44 . continued : on morty -- make a abrupt halt . baby ?! he turn around and lope back to the suite . morty Mrs. lo biancho ? I be mort sestero , hotel security . mrs. lo biancho please ! please help ! morty someone take you baby ? mr. lo biancho the Emperor be miss . morty ( somewhat relieved ) the Emperor be a dog , right ? mrs . lo biancho not 'a ' dog , no . the new york kennel club champion and why aren't you try to find he ! morty pull he radio as he back out the door and head down the hall . morty ( to radio ) this be remote one to base , remote one to base . code 12 , I repeat , code 12 . another security guy ( v.o. ) you goin ' to lunch already , morty ? morty ( impatient ) code 12 be not lunch , Bruce ! do not you read you manual ? another security guy ( v.o. ) ( beat ) I will . monty call nypd . we have a dognapp . another security guy ( v.o. ) a what ? ( continued ) 45 . continued : morty just call the damn police and patch I through . the Emperor 's be kidnap . another security guy ( v.o. ) Holy cripe , why do not you say it be political ?! morty political ? the emperor be a dog , moron ! another security guy ( v.o. ) you want I to call nypd about a dog ? morty ( decry he fate ) I be go to kill you , then fire you , Bruce . get it ? kill , fire . that order . CUT to : ext . alley behind the plaza - day Drew 's still frozen on the fire escape . drew I can not do it ! parker yes you can ! angle on the end of the alley where Roger appear with the Emperor . surprise to see the girl , he backpedal , worried he will be see , but they be too wrap up in they own getaway and he quietly make he way to he van ( paint on the back and side : " Michelangelo 's Painting : a masterpiece every time " . drew no I can not ! parker have fun in prison . under ' summer internships ' on you college application , you can write ' license plate manufacturing . ' ( continued ) 46 . continued : Roger 's van squeal away , draw parker 's attention . she glimpsis he in he side mirror as he disappear around the corner into traffic . shut she eye , Drew drop onto the close lid of the dumpster . drew ( astonished ) I do it . oops , the curtain start to slip . when she reach for it she lose she balance and suddenly -- fwonk -- nosedive into the dumpster . the curtain float into the alley at parker 's foot . drew ( o.s. ) ow ! parker get out of there ! drew ( o.s. ) ( beat ) give I ... my ... curtain . parker toss the curtain in and Drew climb out . they hurry off down the alley . in the second story FIRE escape window -- morty appear . morty stop ! bring back that dog ! morty' Pov -- the girl near the end of the alley . a small dog could easily be conceal under that shower curtain . on the girl -- run full - tilt , Drew turn to parker . drew he think we have the dog ! parker a painter take it ! drew a pain -- wham ! -- Drew 's clotheslined at the intersection by a bike messenger who , in a valiant attempt to avoid she , brake so hard he fly off the handlebar and land right on top of her . ( continued ) 47 . continued : it 's dream guy from the train and for a confuse beat they look into each other 's familiar face where we read recognition , love , unstate chemistry , then : dream guy you know , one of we be gonna get hurt if we keep do this . o.s. siren signal that the police be now involved . parker hey , complete stranger ! get off my sister ! parker yank Drew from underneath dream guy . drew I be , uh , late for this place , thing , where I be suppose to be . College . interview ! dream guy where at ? but parker 's get she by the arm and she can only call back over she shoulder ... drew nyu ! ... before disappear into the crowd on the sidewalk . dream guy ( too late ) I , too ! around the corner come morty who , without time to react , trip headfirst over bike Messenger guy . ext . sidewalk in front of plaza - day the girl weave through the pedestrian but spot a cop car screeching to a halt in front of they and quickly take a leave into ... ext . the other alley adjacent the plaza - day where to now ? think fast , parker pull on a door -- lock -- the next door swing OPEN as if by divine providence and two high fashion model step past they out while the girl step inside . 48 . int . runway show - backstage - day Chaos . model , dresser , sycophant , " I only date model " guy and the famous couture fashion designer , bobo , be mid-show and friggin ' frantic . bobo ( french accent ) where be they ?! no more break ! do you hear I ! we have a show to do , you nitwit ! model ! bah ! you have hollow gourd for head ! the kind they make that mexican rattles out of ! showrunner ( always at he elbow ) maracas . bobo maracas ! maracas that take coffee break when I be pay they a fortune ! bobo spot the girl come through the back door and physically grab they both , push they at the showrunner . bobo Hair ! makeup ! ( parker ) daywear ! ( Drew ) clubbing ! vite ! this be when he get a load of Drew 's matte hair , run makeup and shower curtain and do a double- take . hm . do he like it ? bobo ( confess ) be that Helmut lang ? ( recover himself ) go! the showrunner shove Drew one way , parker the other -- Drew look at she -- what the hell ? parker clearly mouth : hair ! makeup ! clothes ! and team of dresser virtually surround they . inside the mob of dresser surrounding drew the hair stylist raise he brush and scissors , but pause . the rest of the team stop , watch he make he decision . he shrug . ( continued ) 49 . continued : hairstylist perfection . he excuse himself and the other begin shove she into couture . CUT to : dressing team - a moment later and the dressing team surround parker part , revealing she in a very un - parker-like , super - chic business suit . she catch a glimpse of herself in the mirror and roll she eye . bore . the drew team part and we be stunne to see they have choose to drape she in a show - stop couture freak show outfit that be some sort of marriage between dominatrix and nun , complete with a habit and black leather bikini . on parker who spot Drew and be , for the first time in the movie , speechless . drew why do this not surprise I ? the next music cue come up and the showrunner grab Drew ... drew Excuse I , but I be suppose to be go to my college interview . showrunner that 's rich . a model go to college . what next ? talk monkey ? ... and push she through the curtain and ... int . runway - day flash go a hundred cameras ! blind , Drew stumble forward on a nine-inch spike heel down the catwalk . on the audience -- also speechless . this be when Drew catch sight of herself on a tv monitor at the end of the walk . ( continued ) 50 . continued : her first instinct be to run , but suddenly the audience have decide -- it be a smash ! they applaud madly ! bravo ! bravo ! Drew recover herself a bit . wow . they be clap for I ? int . runway show - backstage parker 's watch through the curtain when she spot morty lead two nypd detective ( williamson and hogan ) through the back door . uh-oh . the showrunner 's hold she arm , wait to throw she onstage but when morty turn in she direction , parker take the initiative and ... int . runway ... jump onstage , vamp it down the catwalk like she be bear to it . Drew 's still at the end of the runway , bask in the applause and attempt to negotiate a precarious turn in she scary spike heel when parker approach she and ... ... throw a hand on she hip , thrust it out -- sexy executive ! and lean into she sister : parker ( whisper ) the hotel guy 's here . the juxtaposition of the two polar opposite outfit drape over twin suddenly throw the audience into paroxysms of appreciation for the inspiration of the artist and they call he out ! bobo ! bobo ! auteur ! brava ! here come a smile bobo , through the curtain , blow kiss and head for the girl . parker ( louder ) and the police . bobo press himself between the girl , take they hand and beginning he bow , but the girl spot morty peek from backstage , and they take off , leaping off the front of the stage into the audience like punk jump into the mosh pit . ( continued ) 51 . continued : the adoring crowd hold they up and they crowd surf toward the rear of the room . drew everybody wash they hand , right ? angle on morty spot the commotion , he and the two cop race down the catwalk . realizing he will never get through the crowd , he , too , leap off the stage to surf toward they but ... the crowd abruptly part and he do a complete face plant . hogan I guess that explain why he 's a security guard . angle on the girl who bust out the back door of the large room and unwittingly ... int . the plaza - lobby - continuous action ... right back into the Plaza lobby . drew ( realize ) perfect . parker be this what they call ' return to the scene of the crime ' ? unfortunately for they , to get to the front door they have to pass by ... ... the plaza manager and the other house security agent , bruce ( butch haircut , bad suit ) , consol Mrs. lo biancho . when morty and the cop come through the door behind they , however , there 's no choice . the girl try to look as inconspicuous as possible head for the revolve door but they overhear : ( continued ) 52 . continued : plaza manager I assure you , Mr. and Mrs. lo biancho , the Plaza will do everything in its power to see that the Emperor be safely return and that the criminal be bring to justice . mrs . lo biancho justice ?! I want they execute ! torture first , slowly , and then behead ! plaza manager the Plaza 's policy be of course to serve you in any capacity we can . morty spot the girl across the lobby just as they reach the revolve door . morty ( call ) Bruce ! 10 - 80 at the wagon wheel ! Bruce look over to morty like he 's speak slavic , but morty 's furiously point and Bruce see ... the girl break for the revolve door . parker get there first , plunge in so fast that a man entering be toss headlong into the lobby . Drew try to time the quickly - spin door but one of the very high spike heel catch , throw she forward and sandwich she in the revolve door . drew ( no breath ) Park ... outside -- parker see Drew catch in the door as Bruce , morty and the cop close in . quickly , parker push the door back , release Drew , who jump in and swing out . ext . the plaza - continuous action then , parker heave the door with all her might , spin it so fast the security guy and cop can not jump in . int . lobby of the plaza - continuous action the four man all stand there , watch the spin door . ( continued ) 53. continued : morty damn it ! then , just to they right , a elderly woman walk through the regular door just adjacent the revolve door . all four share a sheepish look -- uh , maybe we should have think of that -- then bolt outside . ext . the plaza - continuous action the police and security look leave , right , across the street . bruce where would they go ? hogan they could not have go very far . we will split up . ( point ) you go that way ! you take fifth ! come on , get on you horse ! morty and Bruce take the cop 's order and race off in separate direction . neither hogan nor he partner move . williamson coffee ? hogan sure . williamson and hogan step over to a hot dog cart set up next to a newspaper stand . williamson ( to hot dog vendor ) two black . hogan where do you think that two go ? williamson beat I . they do not have any stupid dog with they from what I could see . hogan might have stashed it . ( continued ) 54 . continued : williamson maybe they eat it . the cop giggle at this . williamson the rent -a- cop say the mutt 's worth like 50 G 's . that make it grand theft , my friend . five to ten . angle on the news stand where a blind cashier ( speedy ) smile at the two policeman . hogan ( to blind cashier ) hey , speedy . you do not see a couple of blond run past here , do you ? speedy yep . could not miss them . Real criminal type . look like they be head to Mexico . hogan that 's where they all go . another angle reveal Drew and parker , crouch down behind the counter right next to speedy . williamson see you around . speedy not if I see you first . the cop head back to the Plaza . hogan I say we put abbott and costello on the ransom watch . I do not want to be stick in the same room all day with leona helmsley 's nasty stepsister . ( continued ) 55 . continued : with the detective go , speedy turn up he nose and wave the air , fan away a bad smell . speedy whew . you know , it 's not some old wife ' tale about blind people have a acute sense of smell . drew sorry . speedy so ? what do you do with that dog ? drew we do not steal it , I swear . parker a painter do . speedy you girl best give yourselves up and tell them the story . drew ( tear ) he 's right , parker . parker of course he 's right . we be go to march in there and give ourselves up right this minute . they will , of course , take we down to the precinct , call Mom and dad , we will give we statement , they will grill we under hot light for a few hour , force we to confess with some tricky good cop / bad cop routine and the next thing you know we be do five to ten in attica . Drew check she watch . drew so we will turn ourselves in right after the interview . speedy May I make one suggestion ? ( continued ) 56 . continued : parker sure. speedy hit the shower before you do anything else . a beep beep indicate parker 's blackberry be receive a message . drew we be face felony charge , parker . maybe you can do you on - line flirt later . better yet , he can see you during visitor 's hour . parker read the income message from ... thoreau 786 : how'd chem test go ? parker ( beat ; epiphany ) oh my God . Warren work in the city . drew Warren ? warren ?! so you lie , right to my face . no , Drew , this be not about the chat room guy . Nah ! but parker 's type furiously even as Drew rant on -- she have to lean around speedy 's leg . a guy buy a newspaper peer down at the strange sight . speedy ( to guy ) take you daughter to work day . the guy pay for he paper , leave . notatwin : warren . my real name's parker macleod . my sister and I need a favor . drew be you listen to I ?! give I that stupid thing ! Drew reach for the blackberry . ( continued ) 57 . continued : parker knock it off , Drew ! this guy might be able to help . he life here . drew parker , you have completely lose you mind if you can be think about boy at a time like this ! thoreau 786 : parker . thanks for share . anything you need . notatwin : bit of a jam in the CITY . mob , police and HOTEL security on our tail . could use a hideout . thoreau 786 : lol ! adventurous type . meet I at work ? i'm at the U.N. parker ( to Drew ) the United Nations ? drew you can not possibly know somebody who work at the United Nations . maybe he mean United sub Sandwiches . or United skate rat store . notatwin : UNITED nation ? thoreau 786 : just a day job . join the 11:00 tour . soon . parker pocket the blackberry . parker so. we be go to the United Nations to use the restroom . drew how convenient . you arrange a little date while you sister 's future hang in the balance . parker look , he say he would help and it 's only a couple block away . you get a better idea ? speedy open the rear door of the newsstand . ( continued ) 58 . continued : speedy ( how 's he know ? ) Coast 's clear . parker thank you , Mr. speedy . speedy you be quite welcome . good luck in that interview . Drew sigh , then reluctantly follow parker out . CUT to : int . macleod house - charley' study head throw back , mouth wide open , still in he bathrobe , charley sleep in the chair directly in front of he laptop . the screensaver , a animated version of Jack nicholson in the shining , just keep type " all work and no play ... " when the phone ring it nearly knock he out of he chair . he hunt it down through the maelstrom on he desk . charley ( to phone ) Wal - Mart ? ( beat ) hey , marvin . you bet . type away . he glance at the screensaver , the same word pour out . charley ( suddenly concerned ) today ? ( beat ) gee , I be on a real roll , marv . the juice overfloweth , if you get my meaning . do not want to plug the juice when they be overflow , right ? ( whoa ) how much ? ( beat ) hm . I guess I could carve out some time . ( continued ) 59 . continued : charley smell he armpit . ripe . he will need a quick shower . charley get it . see you in the City . charley hang up , punch a key on he computer . the screensaver disappear and up pop a blank page . at the top : chapter one . nothing else . CUT to : int . charley' '77 ford pickup - day charley 's drive , eat a sandwich and dial he cell phone at the same time , veer dangerously and obliviously across the center stripe . the oncoming car careen out of he way in a blaze of horn . charley ( to phone ) hello , beautiful Doctor Lady . how go you day ? ( beat ; huh ? ) right next to the magazine rack ? what do they name it , Newsweek ? ( beat ) I be go into the City to meet some big shot publisher . maybe I will swing by nyu afterwards and see if I can give Drew a ride home . you talk to she today ? ( beat ) she 's probably have too much fun to call . I will ring she up . bye bye . he hang up and of course veer into the other lane again , correct wildly before resume he merry way . CUT to : int . madison square garden - lo bianchos ' private BOX Far below , Garden employee set up for the dog show . Inside , the lo bianchos ' luxury box be likewise be prepare . in one corner , Bruce and morty be fumble with the unfamiliar electronic trace gear , readying for the ransom call . Mrs. lo biancho turn up she nose at the buffet table . ( continued ) 60 . continued : mrs . lo biancho ( to caterer ) what be that ? caterer rumaki , mar 'am . mrs . lo biancho rumaki ! yech ! you might as well wrap dog turd in bacon . take they away . a society friend of Mrs. lo biancho , bab , arrive to pay she respects , shuffle she foot across and lean in to trade air kiss . bab andrea , andrea . how dreadful ! I shudder to think how the poor Emperor may be suffer . mrs . lo biancho dear babs . I be at wit 's end . when she turn on morty and Bruce , they both jump a little . mrs. lo biancho ( put on a show ) you ! tell the thief I will pay anything they want ! anything ! bab of course . what price on a love one ? mrs . lo biancho precisely ! bab I have get to run . that stupid groomer use a commercial conditioner on Coco and she look like trailer trash . babs nab one of the rumaki on she way out . as soon as babs be go , Mrs. lo biancho loom over morty and Bruce . mrs . lo biancho I will give they ten grand , top , but only if the dog 's back before show time . ( continued ) 61 . continued : a troubled Bruce be not have much luck operate the trace machine . bruce ( aside to morty ; whisper ) do you know how to turn this on ? CUT to : ext . sidewalk in new york - day the girl try to be as inconspicuous as possible walk cross-town in couture , Drew with only one shoe and in a bad mood . parker we be go to make it , Drew . you will see . there 's still plenty of time . you will get clean up , we can trade clothes ... this be a nice suit , huh ? right ? drew ( abrupt ) yes. parker you be go to get accept , then we can explain the misunderstanding about the dog to the police and everything will be okay . drew maybe after the police forgive we for sneaking into someone else 's hotel room , we can ask they to please keep the mob hit man from whack we and drop we into the marina so he do not get he suit dirty . parker first thing first . drew parker , I know you be try to cheer I up , but I have to be honest . this be all you fault . ( continued ) 62 . continued : parker ( beat ) my fault ? my fault ?! I do not mean for any of this to happen ! drew yeah , right ! like you do not mean to ask bernie lipscomb to the prom ! parker what 's that suppose to mean ? drew I will bet that be just another accident of yours that happen to screw up my life ! parker bernie lipscomb ? ( dawn ) you ...? Drew do not want to admit that -- it just slip out under pressure . parker you like bernie , too ? drew you know I do ! parker no I do not . I have not see you talk to a guy since we be in kindergarten and we think Jerry wester be a girl . drew you ask bernie just to snake he from I ! parker I do not ! ( beat ) wow , the really spooky thing be , that would mean we like the same guy . a block away , the United Nations building stand majestically against the sky . ( continued ) 63. continued : directly in front of they , however , a police car be stop at the light with two uniform policemen inside . the girl spot the Police and stop . the Police look up at the girl through they windshield . int . police car - day they on -board fax be spitting out a apb photo . the policeman on the passenger side pull it off and hold it up . on the photo -- it's drew stuck in the revolving door of the plaza with parker pulling her through . policeman be not that that two right there ? he show the photo to he partner who 's drive . policeman # 2 I will be damned . but when they look up : policeman' Pov -- the girl be go . they do not take much notice of a horse - drawn carriage pass they with the driver up front and two tourist kissing in the back . back to scene policeman where the hell do they go ? as the carriage clop past , however , the policeman do not notice the Girls -- both cling to the back . policeman # 2 ( into radio ) 605 to base . we spot the dognapp suspect , corner of 1st and 49th . police operator ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) copy that , 605 . CUT to : 64 . int . detective ' car - day hogan and williamson be eat sandwich but they have pause to listen : police operator ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) car 91 , 605 report suspect spot at 1st and 49th . hogan pick up the radio while williamson fire up the car . hogan ( to radio ) 605 , do you still have visual ? policeman # 2 ( v.o. ) negative . but they can not be far . they be on foot . williamson ( to hogan ) that 's over by the U.N. hogan ( to radio ) see if you can pick they up . we be on we way . Zoom ! williamson blast crosstown . CUT to : ext . U.N. plaza - day the horse carriage pass the usual group of protestor and tourist outside on the U.N. Plaza and ... ... the Girls jump off and move into the crowd , head for the entrance where there 's a line at the door . down the block the detective ' unmark car appear and park at the curb . williamson and hogan climb out , scan the crowd . williamson ( point ) there they be . detective ' Pov -- just a glimpse as they enter the building . 65 . back to scene hogan what in the world could they be do here ? int . entrance to U.N. - continuous action the Girls pass through the metal detector and move toward a small group of tourist wait by the sign that read : next tour 11:00 . drew ( be : Warren ) do you see he ? parker consult the jpeg pic on she blackberry , then scan the group . parker no . at the head of the group , the U.N. tour guard , geeky in a Clark Kent way and nice enough look but definitely not a male model , lean into a petite brunette and she little sister . tour guide ( conspiratorially ) I can not tell you how much I have look forward to this . the brunette look at he like he 's a serial killer . brunette ( in Russian ) momma ? her fierce - look babushka mom get in the Tour guide 's face . tour guide sorry . my mistake . this be when Drew notice williamson and hogan entering and approach a U.N. security guide , flash they badge . drew oh , shit . what now ? parker ( out loud ) Warren ? do anyone know Warren collier ? ( continued ) 66 . continued : the Tour guide , warren collier , look over at they . warren parker ? Warren move back to Drew and parker . parker gee , Warren . be not that strange ? I do not recognize you from you picture . warren yeah , I , uh ... drew ( urgently ) we do not have time for this now . parker do you have a office or someplace private we could go ? warren I just have to do this tour and ... but williamson and hogan , lead by the U.N. Security guy , enter the lobby . Drew grab Warren by the arm and turn he . drew we will get back to that . warren what 's go on ? parker look Warren right in the eye . this be a test . parker it 's important . warren ( beat ) okay . let I get somebody to cover for I . Warren lead they into a small adjoin office ... int . tour guide office - continuous action - day ... where another tour guide be take a break . ( continued ) 67 . continued : warren hey , Angie , take the 11:00 for I , will you ? angie ( tour guide ) no way . judge Judy 's on . Drew grab Angie by the collar , lift she up . drew Angie ? take the 11:00 . angie ( to Warren ) you owe I , Warren . Angie head out to take the tour . parker turn on Warren . parker be you a lie sack , or what ? warren what be I suppose to do ? I like you . if I would send a real picture , would you have meet I ? parker that 's not the point . warren that mean no . at least this way I get to see you before you blow I off . drew no one be blow you off , Warren . as a matter of fact , we be very happy to see you , be not we , parker ? parker I guess . drew and we be grateful for you help . parker this be my sister , Drew . warren not -a-twin , huh ? ( continued ) 68 . continued : parker that 's a joke . warren yeah , well . I guess everybody would like the world to see they a little bit differently than they be . drew ( quickly interject ) Super . now that that 's all settle , be there a restroom I can get to without go out there ? warren what 's wrong with go out there ? parker Police , for one thing . warren Police ? I think you guy be joke . parker it 's the kind of joke that will be a lot funnier a few year from now . warren well that door 's the only way out . there 's a restroom at the end of the main hall . parker open the office door , peek out . drew they there ? parker I do not see them . angle on williamson and hogan who parker can not see because she line of sight be block by the office door . back to drew and warren drew they must be search the building . ( continued ) 69 . continued : warren what would you guy do , anyway ? mug a couple supermodel ? drew let 's go . with Warren lead the way , they exit the office . int . U.N. lobby - continuous action - day the three make they way across the vast lobby , but before they reach the main hall ... hogan ( o.s. ) ( spot they ) hey ! you two ! stop ! warren this way ! almost instinctively , they go completely separate way , Warren and parker break leave , Drew right . Drew make a mad dash down a hallway , make a turn , another turn , work she way deeper into the labyrinth . even while run frantically , she try to smile politely at everyone she pass until she spot a women be room and quickly ditch inside . int . U.N. - women be room - continuous action she hurriedly cross , enter a stall , lock the door and put she foot up . she try to catch she breath . groans of pain echo from the stall next to she . somebody 's in bad shape . another heart-rending groan can not be ignore . drew ( to person in stall ) be you okay ? canadian representative ( near fatally nauseous ) ohhh ... I be so sick . the mussel at lunch . you have to help I . ( continued ) 70 . continued : drew I be kind of in my own private hell right now . canadian representative what 's you name ? drew Drew . canadian representative Drew ... it 's vitally important . a file folder come skid from under the stall . canadian representative please . you have to take this to Canada . drew uh , Canada ? it 's sort of far away . canadian representative ( struggle ) in the Assembly . give the file to Mr. wakefield , the canadian representative . ( groannn !!) please . I can not ... get up . drew you want I to take this to the canadian Representative to the United Nations ? canadian representative hurry ! this be a crisis ! what can she possibly do ? drew ( confuse but ... ) okay . Drew exit the stall and go to the door . drew where 's the Assembly ? canadian representative to the leave . run ! Drew peek out the door . it look clear . out she go . CUT to : 71 . int . hallway outside mailroom on the run , Warren and parker ditch through a door mark mailroom . a beat later , hogan appear from around the corner . int . mailroom - continuous action vacant and quiet . the door open slowly and hogan enter . it 's a small room with a few canvas mail sack pile in a corner and a wall of mail - sorting cubby . a in - house monitor mutely broadcast the now empty assembly room . nothing here , hogan close the door . in a beat , one of the mail sack wriggle and Warren stick he head up . warren he 's go . parker pop up from the same sack . face to face , there 's a awkward moment of attraction between they . warren ( no better idea ) you have nice breath . parker thank you . ( beat ) maybe we should get out of this sack . CUT to : int . U.N. assembly - day Drew peek in through the door , read the country identification on the desk ... bangkok , borneo , Bulgaria ... Canada . the representatives be in the middle of a heat debate that we hear be translate ( and we see in subtitles ) . chinese rep ( chinese ; subtitles ) impossible ! this would be globally destabilize ! bulgarian rep ( point angry finger ) hah ! posture and rhetoric ! ( continued ) 72 . continued : the canadian representative be sit gingerly in he chair , shifting uncomfortably . he look pale , shaky . Drew commit herself and rush down the stair to he desk with the file . drew ( whisper ) Sir ? he put a hand to he stomach -- he 's struggle . canadian representative # 2 ( ugh ; groan ) yes ... drew oh , no . you do not have the mussel at lunch , too , do you ? even as she hold out the file , he race past she , pucker he bum . she watch he waddle up the stair but as he exit , he pass williamson and the U.N. security guy in the doorway . Drew see they . uh , oh . the only thing she can do to make herself inconspicuous be to drop into the canadian rep 's chair and turn she back on they like she 's one of the Assembly member . she sit up , shuffles the file around . glancing furtively to either side , she see that everyone else be wear the translation earphone . she put one on . angle on the detective williamson 's gaze come to rest on ... ... the back of drew's head . hm . that look familiar . this be when the chinese rep stand , furious , and point a accusatory finger at Drew ! chinese rep this crisis fall at the foot of one nation and one nation only ! CANADA ! all eye turn to drew . ( continued ) 73. continued : chinese rep how do you defend such a position ! the world be wait to hear ! this be fight word . the Assembly grow silent . Drew wish she could beam herself somewhere off planet . she gulp air . glance leave , right . but she know the detective's eye be on the back of her head and so she clear her throat and : drew well , I be not certain ... this furrow some brow . drew ( recover ) ... that I need to defend we position ! ah , yes , some know nod . on the NORTH korean representative lean over to confer with the norwegian representative : NORTH korea ( subtitles ) be she new ? norway beat I . NORTH korea she 's hot . norway weird hairdo . back on drew chinese rep that be absurd ! drew absurd ?! uhhh ... where now ? she notice the file the rep in the bathroom give she and hold it up , shaking it for emphasis . ( continued ) 74 . continued : drew ( dramatic emphasis ) not so absurd , since I have the document right here in my possession ! this draw a chorus of murmur throughout the hall . the chinese rep suddenly look terribly worried and pause to confer with he associate . CUT to : int . U.N. - mailroom parker 's peek through the door , check the hallway . parker how be we go to find Drew ? warren something tell I that will not be too tough . Warren point to the monitor . parker 's jaw drop . her sister be address the entire U.N. Assembly . CUT to : int . U.N. assembly - day Drew glance williamson exiting . drew and besides , who say absurd be necessarily bad ? sometimes absurd be good ! for instance , absurd can be sort of ... funny ! in conclusion , I propose that all of you should talk amongst yourselves . ( quickly ) thank you . like cinderella at Midnight , she turn and race up the stair as the Assembly be in complete turmoil -- kofi anan bang he gavel . kofi anan Canada have propose further debate . U.S. rep the United States of America second the motion ! 75 . int . lobby of the U.N. assembly - continuous action Drew bust through the door just as Warren and parker come run with the detective chase they . the three of they make for the front door but a tour group comprise of a hundred young japanese girl block they exit . Warren think fast and yell in japanese . warren jin zshe miya brad pitt ! scream like banshee , the japanese Girls all pour outside , Warren and the Girls follow . ext . U.N. plaza - day once outside , he yell again . warren dingo cashito , brad pitt ezukai ! the japanese girl turn around and STORM back through the door , block williamson and hogan 's exit . the three of they run for the line of taxi . parker you speak japanese ? warren I may not look like a underwear model , but I be smarter than a hundred of they put together . Warren grab a taxi door . warren come on ! parker we do not have any money ! warren I be smart and rich ! williamson and hogan have fight they way out through the little japanese Girls . realizing they will not reach parker and Drew in time , they head for they own unmark cruiser which be park just ahead of ... bennie 's town car . he 's hold the door for a cigar - chew client but watch the Girls climb into the cab up ahead . 76 . int . taxi - continuous action they jump into the back seat , Warren in the middle . parker lean urgently into the driver : parker follow that ... uh ... drew they be follow US , parker ! parker oh , yeah . just go ! the taxi pull away from the curb . int . detective's car - continuous action williamson fire up the cruiser . williamson maybe we should give they a little leash and see what they do with it . hogan Fine . but we be gonna have to stop for lunch pretty soon , ' cause I be get heartburn . they pull into traffic , follow the cab . in a beat , bennie 's town car follow , too . int . taxi - continuous action parker lean across Warren to Drew . parker Excuse I , what be you do ? drew someone be sick in the bathroom and they ask I to -- hold on , I do not owe you any explanation . parker you be the one all ' I gotta get to this interview or I be gonna have a nervous breakdown ' and yet you have time to address the United Nations ? ( continued ) 77 . continued : warren you know , technically , you have to have security clearance to enter the Assembly . parker not now , Warren . drew you have a lot of nerve , parker . it be you that get I toss off the train ! you have to give the bum that dollar ! you get the suit , I get the leather bikini ! warren ( under ) which be not so bad . drew and you get bernie lipscomb while I get scrabble with Mom and dad ! warren who 's bernie lipscomb ? parker I tell you , I do not know you like he ! it be no big deal ! drew it be to I ! parker how could I know ? you never tell I anything ! drew there 's a good reason for that ! parker what 's that suppose to mean ? drew you know very well what it mean , Ms. Big mouth ! parker Big mouth ?! ooh , I hope you miss that stupid interview ! ( continued ) 78 . continued : drew oh yeah ? well , the joke 's on you , because there be not any interview ! oops . this just slip out in anger . parker 's brain have to adjust , then : parker what ? drew ( beat ) no interview . I screw up . parker you screw up what ? drew schedule the interview . you deaf ? parker you be Drew . Drew do not screw anything up , let alone schedule . you be the Iron chef of schedule . drew I miss the deadline . parker how ? drew after they make the first cut from the preliminary application , we be suppose to send in a form to secure we interview time and I fill it out and have everything ready to go in the mailbox and then ... Drew be near tear . parker and then what ? earthquake ? tsunami ? nuclear winter ? drew I forget . parker forget ? ( continued ) 79 . continued : drew yes . I just forget . when I find it in my bag a week later , I would miss the deadline . parker so today ? all this ? what be you do ? drew ( humiliate ) I ... I be go to try to meet Professor spauld and ... parker you be just go to jump he ? warren sort of a guerilla interview ? you know , I be a big Michael Moore fan ... a look from parker quiet Warren . Drew 's choke up . she just nod , yes . drew I call and the secretary say there be no exception to the deadline so I be go to try to see he when he finish the other interview . I know it be hopeless , but ... I be so ... embarrassed . Drew wipe she tear , then : drew oh , to hell with it . she open the door and jump out ! parker Drew ?! Drew , get back in this taxi ! parker start to open she door on the traffic side ! honk honk ! it 's nearly sheared off by a pass truck and she close it just in time . warren she 's pretty upset . ( continued ) 80 . continued : parker gee , you really be a genius . as the taxi bog down in traffic , Drew disappear around the corner up ahead . parker talk about spontaneous . ext . block NORTH of the garden - continuous action tear run , Drew 's walk too quickly for the one stupid shoe . she nearly turn she ankle . drew darn it ! darn it darn it darn it ! this be when she see , park just down the block ... roger' van with " Michelangelo 's Painting " across the back door . drew that 's ... that 's the painter . Drew quickly step into the shadow of a doorway to keep out of sight and watch the van . a block behind the taxi -- int . detective's car - same time williamson and hogan have the same problem with the traffic and can not see clearly what 's go on up ahead . williamson do one of they just get out ? hogan I think so . maybe she 's go for the dog . williamson maybe that 's what they want we to think . hogan so we stay with the taxi ? ( continued ) 81 . continued : williamson unless you want to hoof it after the other one . hogan we stay with the taxi . int . roger be van - continuous action Roger dial a cell phone while the Emperor stand on the passenger seat with he front paw on the dash . as far as we can tell , he 's have a great time be kidnap and do not mind be mauve . roger get in the back , will ya ? the Emperor ignore he , happily watch the street of New York go by . roger stupid dog . but he call have go through . he imitate a girl voice . roger ( as girl ) hello ? CUT to : int . lo bianchos ' BOX ( madison square garden ) - continuous action Mrs. lo biancho calmly answer she cell phone . mrs . lo biancho yes ? morty and Bruce have they trace gear rig to she phone but have to keep follow she around the box . roger ( girl Voice throughout ) if you want to see you dog alive again , listen closely . I want a hundred thousand dollar transfer into this numbered swiss account -- ( continued ) 82. continued : mrs . lo biancho ( interrupt ) -- I will give you ten grand but only if he 's in madison Square Garden in ... she look to she husband , who consult he watch and then hold up one finger . mrs . lo biancho one hour . take it or leave it . Bruce signal she -- keep he on the line ! mrs . lo biancho you have one minute to decide . she hang up . Bruce and morty sigh . int . roger be van - continuous action Roger look at the phone . it be not suppose to go like that . he look at the Emperor . roger well , Mr. Fancy pant . you can wipe that stupid smile off you face . I do not think they love you as much as you think they do . he glance at he watch . he believe Mrs. lo biancho and be panicking . int . taxi - continuous action parker and Warren be scan the sidewalk ahead for Drew . parker where would she go ? warren I think she take a right up there . parker ( to Driver ) follow my sister . taxi driver I think we be the one be follow . ( continued ) 83. continued : parker stay flexible , will you please ? they turn right . int . roger' van he hit redial . Mrs. lo biancho answer . mrs. lo biancho ( v.o. ) yess ? roger okay . here 's how we make the -- mrs . lo biancho ( v.o. ) ( interrupt again ) -- first of all , you forget to disguise you voice . roger ( to himself ) damn it ! mrs . lo biancho ( v.o. ) secondly , my husband will meet you in ten minute on the corner of 43rd and Broadway . he will have the money . bring the dog . roger but that 's ridiculous ! you will just bring the police ! no way ! consider he kung pau ! mrs . lo biancho fine. roger do not hang up ! mrs . lo biancho the police , it appear , have other priority , like human or something . and I assure you , the Hotel Security ... people ... will not interfere . in any case , little man , we just want the dog back before showtime , do you understand ? ( continued ) 84 . continued : roger ( beat ) okay . mrs . lo biancho ciao . she hang up . Roger do , too . roger ( to the Emperor ) no wonder you look so happy . as far as you be concerned , you have escape from the wick witch of the West . ext . block NORTH of the garden Drew watch as Roger climb out , look up and down the street , then move around to the passenger side , grab the Emperor and drop he into a gym bag . at the end of the block -- spectator for the New York kennel Club Dog show have begin filing into the Garden . ever wary , Roger carry the Emperor under one arm . the Emperor poke he nose out . Roger push it back in . the dog poke it back out . roger ( to Emperor ) knock it off . whoosh ! from behind , drew grab the emperor and take off run . roger hey ! give I that dog ! holding the Emperor at arm 's length , Drew make a run for it with Roger after she . on drew -- looking right into the smiling mauve face of the emperor . drew I just want you to know that I be allergic to you and cynophobic ! she and Roger race right past ... ... Mr. lo biancho , hold out the sak bag of money . ( continued ) 85 . continued : mr. lo biancho Excuse I ? drew I can not stop ! I have to return this dog ! roger I will be right back ! puzzle , Mr. lo biancho fall in line behind Roger , keep up pretty well for a old dude with a gut . angle on the end of the block where parker' taxi appear . int . taxi - warren' Pov through windshield - continuous action drew's running right at they down the sidewalk with the emperor ! warren uh , be not that you sister ? parker it can not be . she 's terrify of dog . int . detective's car - day they round the corner behind parker and Warren . hogan I be tell you , I get a hunch this girl do not have anything to do with this dog . Drew blow past they , hold the Emperor . the detective exchange glance -- nice hunch -- and they leap out of the car to join the chase . int . bennie' town car - day just as he turn the corner , the parade pass he . what the hell ? 86 . ext . block NORTH of the garden - continuous action the Emperor 's have the time of he life . he lick Drew 's face joyfully as she weave through the grow crowd . drew's dog -slobbered Pov reveal a uniformed policeman do security at the delivery entrance to the Garden , where show participant , wheeling they dog kennel , be be check in by two show official . back to scene Drew draw a bead on the policeman , determine to reach he and hand over the Emperor : drew Officer ?! Officer ?! but show official # 3 appear from inside , tap the policeman on the shoulder -- they need he inside . he turn and go through the door just as ... ... Drew reach the load dock and hustle up the stair . drew Officer ?! she sprint past the other show official check in contestant . show official # 1 miss ! you can not go in without credential ! int . backstage ( madison square garden dog show ) - continuous action Drew have enter her own personal circle of hell -- dog of every shape and size surround her . drew ( to no one / everyone ) where 's the policeman ? a groomer comb a hound dog point toward the curtain on the far side of the room and she blast off that direction . ( continued ) 87 . continued : close on the hound dog -- lift he big nose in the air , he sniff mightily and then ... baying like he's coon hunting under a kentucky moon , the hound Dog leap off he table , head after Drew . ext . loading dock ( madison square garden ) - continuous action chaos . the two show official , sport nifty sweater and manicure , be prepare to sacrifice they life to block the door . in addition to the participant try to get inside , they be hold off Roger , Mr. lo biancho , williamson and hogan . show official # 1 ( quite disturb ) no entry without official credential ! mr. lo biancho I be emile lo biancho ! I demand to be let in ! williamson nypd ! move aside ! at the mention of police , Roger 's eye go wide . he slink down , lose himself in the crowd and sidle off . show official # 1 ( chin set ) I will have to see identification , officer . ( to Mr. lo biancho ) I be so sorry , Mr. lo biancho . go right in . at the corner , parker and Warren keep they distance , not want to be see by the detective . warren you think she make it ? parker she 's faster than she look . CUT to : 88. int . madison square garden - continuous action she be -- but now she 's not run to catch a policeman , but to try to keep from be over - take by ... ... a giant pack of pedigreed pooches who chase drew across the show floor . int . madison square garden - lo bianchos ' BOX the roar of the crowd and the barking of the pack draw the attention of everyone in the lo bianchos ' box . morty be not that the Emperor , mar 'am ? mrs . lo biancho good God . he 's mauve . int . madison square garden Drew make it across the floor and out the other side into a tunnel ... int . madison square garden - concession area ... appear in the concession area . angle on a shih - tzu as it break off , jump onto a concession stand and begin looting it . Drew make for the exit past the ticket taker who leap out of the way and just as she reach the door and push it open ... ext . madison square garden - front entrance - continuous action they catch up to her in a swarm , knocking her onto the sidewalk outside where she disappear underneath a mountain of dog ! williamson , hogan , morty , Bruce , Mr. and Mrs. lo biancho and quite a few spectator pour out the door . 89 . angle down on drew still hugging the emperor in the middle of the pack , all of whom gleefully lick her face ! drew please ! I will get hive ! ( resign ) oh , go ahead . drew's Pov the detective appear above she . back to scene she hold up the Emperor . drew I , uh , just want to return he . as the other owner and handlers gather they dog , williamson hand the Emperor off to Mrs. lo biancho while hogan handcuffs Drew . mrs . lo biancho flog she ! step aside and I will whip she myself ! mr. lo biancho ( dead calm ) do not you say it be a man who call , dear ? mrs . lo biancho so she have a accomplice ! we will beat the information out of the little wench ! ( hand he the Emperor ) get he clean up , emile . williamson and hogan move Drew toward they car . drew I do not take she dog , I swear . williamson we will sort it out . ( continued ) 90 . continued : drew but I have this interview . I mean , it 's not really a interview . I would never lie to the police ... ( it 's over ) ... never mind . just as they push she head down into the car , she glimpsis a vaguely familiar face among the myriad gawker -- it 's the bike Messenger . for just a instant they lock eye before the car pull away . down the STREET parker and Warren round the corner at a run , only in time to watch the detective 's car leave with Drew in the back window . warren what now ? parker we have to go to the jail and tell they what happen . warren what on earth do happen ? parker poor Drew . she want to get into that program more than anything in the world . with a sigh , they turn to go and bump -- knock into bennie , who 's stare coldly down at parker . bennie you goin ' somewhere ? she 's paralyze with fear . warren ( gulp ) hello , sir . parker oh my God ! please do not kill I ! warren kill ? ( continued ) 91 . continued : parker we do not know anything at all ! we do not see anything or hear anything and I will swear to that in a court of law ! bennie appear unmove . parker close she eye , try to meet death with dignity . parker just not in the face . bennie what 's the big idea ? you two a couple a nutbag or somethin' ? she open one eye . parker nut bag ? no. I mean , yes . be there a right answer to that ? see , my sister have this interview which turn out not to be a interview , really and I sort of mess thing up because I want to meet he . indicating Warren . warren really ? you come into town just for I ? wow. parker not now , Warren . ( back to bennie ) Drew be go to be late even though technically she be not go to be late since there be not a interview and that 's when we get in you car . I promise we mean to pay . it be a true emergency . bennie I mean , why you runnin ' when I be try to give you you bag back ? bennie hand parker Drew 's daybag . parker take it , still try to comprehend . parker you be just ...? ( continued ) 92 . continued : bennie I find you mom 's number in the book . she say you need it pretty badly for that big interview . listen , I gotta go . it 's my mother - in- law 's birthday and I gotta plant some stupid rise bush and then take she out to dinner at the pier . see ya around . bennie waddle over to he town car and climb in . parker ( beat ; call after ) thank you ? warren well , he certainly be a good samaritan . parker look at the daybag . warren you guy lead a pretty interesting life , do not you ? but now parker 's mind be elsewhere . she pull out Drew 's daybook , open it . warren we go to the jail , or what ? I have never be to a jail before . parker what time be it ? CUT to : int . jail book room - day flash ! a mug hot be take of Drew , look as bedraggle , beat and defeat as humanly possible . CUT to : drew stare at she ink - stained finger as hogan finish fingerprint she other hand . ( continued ) 93. continued : he hand she a towel to wipe they off . we know that dirty hand would drive the old Drew crazy . this Drew merely toss the towel into the garbage . who give a crap ? CUT to : int . holding cell - day Drew sit among other female criminals , stare zombie - like . a inmate with freaky frazzle red hair and a whacked out look in she eye sidle over to drew. red ( inmate ) I love you outfit . drew thank you . red be it bobo ? drew ( how in the world would this woman know ? ) yes , as a matter - of - fact , it be . red he 's a genius . off Drew 's look of complete spiritual resignation we -- CUT to : ext . nyu - day Warren and parker leap from a cab and hustle across campus . in only a few stride , parker 's dusting he . parker try to keep up , Warren ! warren ( call after she ) hey ! I be a intellectual ! I never claim to be athletic ! ( more ) ( continued ) 94 . continued : warren ( cont 'd ) as a matter of fact , I be excuse from p.e. because of a ascend testicle ! ( realize ) too much information , right ? CUT to : int . holding cell - day Red point at Drew 's one shoe . red do you mind ? I be a fanatic for Jimmy choo . drew it 's all yours . she hand the high heel to Red , who enthusiastically pull it on and model it . hogan ( o.s. ) macleod ? hogan enter , open the cell door . hogan you be free to go . drew no thanks . I will just stay here with the girl . hogan a eyewitness say he see who take the dog . do not realize the guy be steal it until he see we grab you . hogan take she by the arm in a fatherly way and lead she out . int . jail lobby - day hogan lead she into the lobby where bike Messenger guy be wait . he stand up when he see Drew . her dissonance be even more confound now . ( continued ) 95 . continued : hogan there 's you alibi . drew I do not even know he . hogan that 's what he say . go home . get clean up , a good night 's sleep . none of this will seem so bad in the morning . hogan leave they alone . bike guy step over . bike guy you okay ? as a answer , Drew merely point to herself -- look at I ? now answer for yourself . bike guy I be Jim wessler . drew thanks , Jim . how would you know ? jim ( bike guy ) who could forget that face ? remind , Drew put a hand to she face . drew huh . no hive . suddenly , realize just how awful she must look , Drew become self - conscious . drew well ... bye . she walk past he out the door . jim wait . where be you go ? ext . nypd station house - day Jim catch up to she . drew thanks for get I out of jail but I have to go home now because my entire life be ruin . ( continued ) 96 . continued : jim bad day , huh ? drew you turn understatement into a art . jim can you just tell I you name ? please ? drew ( sigh ) I be Drew macleod . the girl who will not be go to the nyu accelerate Program . jim why not ? Drew look at she watch . drew because short of fly , there 's no way to get from here to nyu in five minute . jim sure there be . CUT to : ext . nyu administration build parker 's on the stair with Drew 's daybook open , stare into it like someone who have a final exam in two minute but forget to show up for the semester . Warren 's look over she shoulder . warren wow . and I think I be anal . parker this be no good . I do not do too well with the whole rehearsal thing . I be more of a ' wing it ' person . parker check herself in she reflection in the glass . work herself into Drew form , she put she hair into a conservative bun and then try straighten she posture . ( continued ) 97 . continued : parker ( all business ) how 's this look ? drewish ? warren you know , I have always have a thing for librarian . parker Warren , honesty be fine . but you could edit a little , you know ? warren get it . parker wish I luck . warren good luck , Drew . CUT to : int . nyu administration build - close on a hand about to knock on a door that read " Professor que spauld , phd " when the door suddenly open and the last interviewee step out in a suit and tie , confidence ooze . parker nod primly as he pass , then step inside . int . outer office - continuous action - day a secretary sit at she computer . she look over she glass at parker . secretary May I help you ? parker I be here to see Professor spauld . secretary you do not have a appointment . parker ( beat ) um , no. however ... ( continued ) 98 . continued : this be when the inner office door swing open and the professor himself , coat over one arm , briefcase in the other , step out . parker position herself directly in front of he , cut off he exit . parker Professor spauld ? professor spaulding yes ? parker May I have a moment of you time ? professor spaulding I be sorry , but I have a plane to catch . he try to make a move . parker block he . parker I know . but this be very important . professor spaulding what be this about ? parker life and death , if you must know . the Professor hesitates for just a instant , give parker she open . she grab he hand , give it a vigorous , Young Republican shake . parker I be Drew macleod . professor spaulding Ms. macleod , I hope this be interesting . parker trust I . ext . nyu campus - day student leisurely make they way between class . jim ( o.s. ) yo! come through ! ( continued ) 99 . continued : the student dive out of the way as Jim come barrel across campus with Drew cling for life to he handlebar . just outside the administration Building , Jim hit the brake and Drew fly off the handlebar and like the puppy in the open , disappear into a shrub . jim you okay ? the old Drew be back . she scramble out of the shrub ... drew fine. ... and up the stair -- then stop , turn . drew wait right there . ( beat ) I mean , I do not want to be bossy . you do not have to stay right there , if you do not want to . jim I will be right here . drew great . she launch herself into the building . int . professor spaulding's office - day parker sit genteelly forward in she chair , leg cross just so at the ankle , hand fold in she lap . parker ( primly ) I promise you , though my miss the deadline seem to suggest otherwise , my study would never suffer on account of my be unorganized . this be , and I think anyone who know I would vouch for this , a complete anomaly . ( more ) ( continued ) 100 . continued : parker ( cont 'd ) I be so throw when my sister ask Bernard to the dance that I simply fail to post the schedule request and see it already check off on my to - do list , I over - look it until after the deadline have pass . professor spaulding Ms. macleod , I recall you application be one of the strongest we receive . not see you name on the interview list surprised I . I assume , of course , that you would change you mind . parker no . not at all . this program be my number one priority . professor spaulding yes , well , I be sure you can appreciate that with so many applicant for so few space there must be rule to govern the selection process . a fuss from the outer office interrupt they and suddenly the door burst open and Drew burst in : drew Professor spauld ? I can not apologize enough for barging in like this . the Professor be not only throw by the interruption , but by Drew 's particularly bizarre , barefoot look . professor spaulding no. please . it look like I be take the red- eye now anyway . Drew shut the door and then be startle when she get a face full of parker , already there . drew parker ? parker ( worried wink ) hi , parker . ( continued ) 101 . continued : drew what be you do ? parker ( do not blow it ) oh , the Professor and I have have a wonderful talk about how important this program be to I and how it be my sister , Drew , who screw thing up . professor spaulding I be have a little trouble follow this . drew you be ... be I ? professor spaulding ( to Drew ) would you like to sit down ? see she plan to help Drew go awry , poor parker 's lip tremble . parker when I see they take you to jail ... professor spaulding jail ? parker ... I do not think you would make it . I know I would not be any good at it , but I figure at least there be a chance . drew ( beat ) that 's ... sweet . parker you be not mad ? drew no. parker I be so sorry for today . ( continued ) 102 . continued : drew it 's okay . but let 's talk about it later . professor spaulding please . go right ahead . parker thank you . drew parker , consider , just for a moment , whether this be the appropriate time and place . parker okay , I consider . what I want to say be , I do not purposefully set out to ruin you day , but that do not mean I be not a little ... jealous . drew jealous ? parker I be not like you . I do not have you intensity , you focus , you ... professor spaulding fashion sense ? parker I just mean , maybe , even if I do not intend to , maybe that jealousy , you know , get in the way sometimes . drew you mean subliminally you be undermine I ? parker I do not know if I would get that technical about it . but yeah . drew well , thank you for say that . parker you be welcome . ( beat ) be not you go to confess now ? ( continued ) 103 . continued : drew confess what ? professor spaulding there 's get to be something . like how you lose you shoe ? parker how you be secretly jealous of I ? drew why would I be jealous of you ? parker oh , let I see . because I do not have a stick up my butt ? because I know how to have fun ? because I be spontaneous and creative and man be all my love slave ? Drew stop , ponder this deeply . drew nope . then she smile , only a teensy bit . drew well , maybe about the love slave . this be the first moment in a long time when the sister share a smile . Drew turn to the Professor . drew Professor , I be Drew macleod . professor spaulding be you certain ? drew I want more than anything in the world to be a part of you program . I still do . but I fail . I do not follow the rule . and honestly , before today , I do not know how I be go to live with that . how to live with failure . I be not good at it . I have not do it much . but today I realize that I have live in fear of it too long . ( more ) ( continued ) 104 . continued : drew ( cont 'd ) I hope my application be a strong one and I come here today to ask you indulgence and to place my name back into consideration . if you will not , I will understand . better yet , I will get over it . maybe I should not be in such a hurry after all . maybe it would be best for I to just take this ... Drew take she daybook from parker and drop it in the wastebasket . drew ... and lighten up . parker look horrify at the sight of Drew 's daybook in the trash and fish it out . drew thanks for you time . sorry if you miss you plane . he shake she hand . professor spaulding it be worth it , I assure you . now , could you clear up one thing for I ? drew / parker sure . professor spaulding what 's this about jail ? CUT to : ext . nyu administration build Warren and Jim sit wait when the Girls come out , smile . Drew turn to parker . drew thanks . the sister hug , but we go ... ( continued ) 105 . continued : close on parker -- eye wide . parker sis? drew yeah ? parker gotta go . parker grab Warren by the hand and blast around the corner just as ... charley macleod pull up in he truck and park half on , half off the curb . he lean over , wave to Drew . charley hi , baby ! Drew go over to the truck . charley I be in the city . I try to call you . think you might want a ride home . drew sure. charley ( what ? ) be that a new outfit ? drew yeah . hey , one minute , ' kay ? charley sure . Drew go back to Jim . drew thanks . jim you be welcome . drew I , uh ... ( continued ) 106 . continued : jim you want to maybe ... get together ? drew first I want to take a shower . for about a week . Drew lean over and kiss he on the cheek . then she reach into she bag and pull out a card . drew call I , okay ? jim you have a card ? be not you in high school ? she smile , shrug and climb in she dad 's truck . they pull away , leave Jim wave . when they be out of sight , parker and Warren come back around the corner of the building . parker oh , man . I be doom . I will never get home before they . warren sure you will . Warren pull out a cell phone , hit speed dial . warren dad ? hey . I need a favor . int . helicopter - day pass over the City , Warren and parker be strapped in , headphone on , and have to talk above the din . parker Warren , something tell I you be spoiled ! warren yes ! but in a good way ! dissolve to : int . girl ' bathroom - evening both girl be put on makeup , get ready to go out . everything appear the same as before , Drew 's side neat and clean , parker 's a wreck . ( continued ) 107 . continued : quinn ( sternly ) Girls ? quinn step in , grimface . quinn how naive do you think I be ? the Girls share a look . busted . parker we , uh , do not think you be naive , mom. drew no. honestly , it be all a accident . quinn hold out she hand revealing a belly ring . quinn I know what this be . there 's almost a palpable sense of relief between the girl . they both look down and pull up they shirt -- parker 's not the only one who have she naval pierce -- Drew do , too . quinn parker , I be disappointed you would do something like this without consulting I , but Drew ? what get into you ? do you know how unhygienic that place be ? drew it be ... spontaneous . quinn yeah . obviously . oh , by the way ... she hold out she other hand , which have a envelope . quinn this come in the mail . they stare at the envelope -- nyu admission department . parker so? open it . there 's a honk . ( continued ) 108 . continued : charley ( o.s. ) the guy be here ! parker and quinn stare at Drew . parker come on ! drew it do not really matter one way or the other . maybe I should not be in such a hurry . why do not we go out and have some fun . besides , if this be not good news , I do not want it to ruin we night . parker and quinn simply continue to stare . CUT to : int . macleod live room - evening charley 's lay on the couch with some chip on he stomach watch the game . Jim and Warren be watch , too . charley so , how would you two meet the girl ? Jim and Warren share a look . this be a story best leave untold . jim / warren ( simultaneously ) a dance / a class . charley dance class , huh ? stupid I . I figure it have to be that day in New York when parker blow off she chem test and Drew be in jail . charley smile . he 's not as out of it as he appear . suddenly , all three woman scream joyfully o.s. charley ( offer ) chip ? fade out . the end