weviston : 2/12/90 Blue 2/14/90 yellow 2/23/90 lavender 3/12/90 White / Green cover 3/26/90 whites pink cover new jack cldy written by Barry Michael Cooper base on a ) original sereenplay '' nioky ' " by Thomas Lee wright jachac film , ie : jachag film , ing . 4000 Warner boulevard '' 1989 burbank , California sl5f2 all rights reserved - with fade in : int : nightclub 1 the deep bass , pulsate thunder of yap music , body dance , twist , gyrate , fusing to the rhythm in a spontaneous combustion of searing color light . low angle 2 the camera swim upstream through the dope boy and they gal , tight skirt , slick neon flesh , the Roaring twenties of today , the New jack . the camera continue towards the back of the club , pushing in on a narrow rectangular window as one by 's one , four fourteen - year -old boy , wear black leather mother of Africa pendant and geometric # fros , squeeze through the back~alley window , they drop to the around like thief , anxious to drink ip the latest cultural phenomenon . suddenly a huge hand drop into frame like a vice eollare one of the boy , rouncer {05 ) = do tell you pee wee 's , play - house niggas to stay outta here ! ext ; abley = night a in one continual fluid camera move , we follow as the back door burst open and the boy pitch out into the slick alleyway like roach with the light on , holler , ianghiag and slapping skin , muscle boy ( in hysterics ) yo ! yo ! he effed you up ! dark kip ( moon ) kiss the baby , hoe . ext : sprert ~ night 4 the boy iead we on @ surrealistic , fast - pace tour of '' the block , '' pre-dawn , eerie back - light abandon car , open fire hydrant , dealer ; hustler scramble . a old man sweep up in front of big shop , one of the last bastion cf sanity in a neighborhood under siege by the madness of crack , i ) - coonntd across the street a group cf bare - chest and bloat midele aged junkies soak down two mercede - benz amg 300 es . wash and worshipp the auto like golden calve . muscle boy ( as they pass ) look at that monster , cleanin ' up after Doctor frankenstein . tall-slim boy ( as thay pass ) ' least it 's honest , man , they be not breakin ' no law . muscle boy you flippin ? but I understand it ; you the ene want we to get jeb at McDonald 's == fas he and the other boy snicker } why go for $ 3.00 a hour when you can make $ 500 a day sell rock for Nina ~- with the exception of the tall-slim Boy ~- who look irritate -- the boy vigorously agree , for the first time , we CUT out of we fluld one shot and into -- hand-held mode ( cinema , verite ) 5 the camera approach the boy as they take they place on the stoop . a slinky , ainister opus of New Jack swing kick from a ghetto blaster on the bottom atep . vorce ( as ) yo «a. you know where nino Brown life ? the boy lesk up suspiciously , right into camera , brace for action , as camera close in . tighter aoe mlscle boy a and ... why shovid I tell you ? one day he pay I $ 100 to stand in line and get he some fish and chip , ' cause he do not want to get out of he benz , muscle Boy sneer at the other ; as the camera pan to the Dark -skin kid , 5 17 . 18 contp 5 voice ( 0s ) what about you ? dark kid tai not tell you shit . we team take first place in he baskethall tournament last sunmer , and he buy the whole team red Honda scooter . ( suddenly recognize speaker ) yo . 12 + yo! you 5 - 0 . this dude be a cop ! a cop ! the camera whip around as the four boy scatter , the junky panic and run , painting the street white with sud , the camera tear down a alley after the tali-slim Boy . High speed chase , combat style , finally , the kid , cornere and tired of run , say : tall-slim boy {right into camera ) yeah ... I know where the fuck nino life , he beat thie kid who be scrambiin ' for he with a louisville slugger , pour gasoline on he and set he on fixe after he short he $ 5.00 , ( beat ; tear in eye ) J hope you kill he black - heaart ass , e omitted 6-16 superimpose : the CITY , mid - 'a0 's ext : macomb bridge - trapfic passing - night 17 not much ; it 's late at night , then -- scream man 18 suspend over the side of the bridge , it be twenty storey down to the water , the muscle - man mountain hold the scream man be david . " duk duh duh " man butler , nino Brown 's 25 - year - — old stutter force of one , dress in subdued gucei pole shirt and gabardine slack , pbuh duk ouh man have the scream man by he ankle ; he be scream at the top of he lung , scream man lose 2 shoe . dub buh duh hold it in he hand , ( note : he will stutter at the director 's discretion , ) 18 fee ccontd 18 dur due sur dam . drop the shoe . down it go , splish , the black harlem River swallow it whole . scream man now dangle by one leg . a yuppy blonde with evening clothes beg they not to drop she drug-deal boyfriend who look like a young investment , banker , yuppy chick please , please , let my baby get he 's bean one of you best sale - man -- you will get the money . ronnie " nino " brown get out of a white Jeep ; 27 year old , taut and dangerous - look man shark carry 4 walk stick with a silver lion 's head on it . he walk over , smile and comfort the girl . she give he a bewildére , pitiful look , nino ! i it 's okay , matam . that 's ) just what we be plan to do , ler him go . '' nino cold - cock the woman with leave hook -- stie 's out like a light . stepping over the sprawile - out body , he walk to the edge . ning ( contd ) take off he other shoe , nino pull the lion 's head off he cané , revealing it 's a@ dagger . he slice open the man 's foot , scream man oh , no ! plisase , young blood ! nino {( caxve ) do not start bitchin ' up now , heywood , I tell you not to be smokin ' that zootie . scream man on please , my God in heaven , nino , no , please . give I another chance , I -- I owe ont so much money , bue r'll pay you ! dust give I some time ! vi a contd 48 nino Brothers do not wait to get paia . money talk and bullshit run the marathon , nino neds . dph duh duh grab hig pant leg . the pants slide off . scream man fall through the dark night . splish , silence , ning walk back to the Jeep . no remorse , it 's just a job . duh duh duh look over the edge . duh duh duh can not sée nothin " . duh duh duh toss the pants and return to the Jeep , he and nino drive off , i3 on pant ig float south , down the dark current of the harlem River . 139a at : harlem - white letpering on huge outdoor 19a # mural = day camera , pan down toward the street ag we hear the Lord 's prayer . ' the camera come to rest on : 198 tho men 19 B stand on the western corner of 129th Street and St. Nicholas Avenue , tt be summer ~- dusk — — Friday night . michael '' scotty " appleton , the handsome but more threaten - léok guy , look at the slightly young -~ somewhat comic-fage -—- renny " pookie " rorertson . as pookie bow he head , recite the Lord 's prayer , scotty look on in disbelief and impatience . scotty ( bewilder ) amen .+. ? pookie look up at scotty , smile , ' pookie it like to say a ocrayer before I start scramblin ' , keeps everybody honest . see what I be sayint > igs igc 19d l9e lor contd 198 scotty whatever .. , what 's you price ? pookte seventeen , scotty seventeen thousand for a kilo ? that 's pretty steep , my brother . pookie this ain not delancey Street , and you be not ganha jew I down , homede , that 's my price ... take it or leave it . they just look at each other , bry to stare each other down , wait each other out , scorry come on , my brother . God be with you , right ? fourteen kay , bookie ( antsy ) it 's get late , man . you wanna do this correct , or not ? seventeen . scotty frown , he shuffles from side to side . reluctantly , not hand he attache , s5 corry it 's ali there , pookie apen the attache . angle — inside attache case ig '' neat bundle of 20 and 50 - dollar bill in mibber band . back to scene igb pookie nervously lock up at Scott , ; he spit a glob of green mucus in scotty 's face , punch hin in the stomach , and take off up the hill . seotty stumble -- wipe he face -- give chase , bxt ; park - day 158 Hamilton Park ; hroken - down swing , teeter - totter , monkey bar , young child and they teenage mother watch as scotty chase pookie into basketball court , 19f 7 * \of contd 19f pookie pull a cheap revolver from he pants waist -~ fire at soutty -- miss . mother grab child to protect they . 196 =angle ig9g dust before pookie reach the crowded basketball court , with a cowboy - cock of he head , scotty remove a nine millimeter from he pent -waist , and shoot sookie in the ankle . pookie scream , drop , attache Falls : bundle of money be scattered around the corrt . ' the ' hoopster -- a mix af street guy , older blue- collar guy , and even a shirt - tie-and - gabardine - slack guy we will later come to know as kareem akbar -~ look , . , but no one make 2 stupid move . scotty gather the money , place it back into the attache . he look in pookie 's attache -- it 's stuff with newspaper , yookie call for help . scotty , the hip -hop supercop , go over and punch he in head and face , scortry you think you slick , filthy , blasphemous , dopefiend mutha - fucka . Hawk -spit in my face ? and then try toa shoot I , too ? slick this , .. yorcn # 1 yo , he 's messin ! that kid up ... voice # 2 beatin " he monkey ass . , . voice # 3 uh-on , five - oh , y'all . siren scream out , but scotty do not hear they , because he 's wrap up in he asaault . other guy be scream for help . \9h angle - pour uniformed officer 19h rum into the crewd court , and try to yank scotty oft o£ he victim -- a fellow officer , howard brick , try to calm he down , brick let ' im go , seotty . you get he , you get he ... scotty '' eff " that , man , he spit in my face , and try to rob I — 19h contd 19h scotty be strong ; he wrestle away from two officer , until all four finally pin he on the ground , huffing and puffing . 20 - 20 - 228 omitted 223 dissolve to ; 23 ext : sill robinson basketball court - day 23 gerald " gee money '' well , 23 -- nino 's loyal right~hand man ~~ play a pickup baskethall game , gee money make shot , gee money pay the bill , pay the bill , pay up , duck . dope boy reluctantly hand over the cash . gee money walk over to a park bench to take a breather , he count up the spoil , a4 angle — nino a4 arrive at the curb in the Jeep . duh duh duh lean on the horn . see money look up , and smile , see that it 's he partner - in - crime , he jog aver to the Jeep , ané@ get in , dah duh duh pull off . 25 int : jrep - day 25 ninc pat gee money on the shoulder . nino man , you ' member when we play for reverend qate on the moab '' biddy '' squad . ges . money yeah , I be 11 , and you be 13 , and be the baddest backoourt . in each~one=teach — one , nino . ( get serious ) yeah , well , that be when we be not makin * no money , and now that we be , you out here shootin ' jumper and what not . Business must be good , 25 contr bs gee money ( grin ) tt will be . peep this out . gee money pull a tiny vial from the jacket of kis sweatsuit . it be fill with small piece of white - color rock , that look like chip of seap . nino study the vial , and then gee honey . nino pree base . so what ? duh dur duh ¥o , you know the mile . we brother do not get high . gee money aw , shut up and drive , ya non - talkin ' bastid , nino give gee money a concerned look , nino my brother , my brother . you heen makin ' money outside the family ? gee money be hutt and offended . as he try to play it oft . gee money I have be do a little exper - imentin ' , ntwg how you mean ? gee money at the club . after some of the fella would step away from the blackjack table , and the bar , and get ready to buy a fiddy or a hundred dollar ' worth of sniff , I would set themup with a hit of base in the hack room , and yo , fifteen ninute after leave the cluh , they would be back , with two or three people with " they , and bus 's this ... nino wheat ? 10 25 contd 28 gee sonry they do not come bask for the cocaine , they come back to buy the base . nino look at gee money , and then out Jeep 's window . he be in deep think , ning you soundin ' like this be gonna ghange the world . gee honey I do not know about all that , all I know be that hard - core , career dope fiend , and even the cokehead like the number runiner from way Rack -- cisco kid and billy buck =- be comin’ into the club to get a taste of the base , they oe goin ' ¢razy over this , Nina . and the bitch ? -~ they will do anything for it . {evil smile ) I get my bovack do every day last week . several time a day , gee money have Nina 's undivide attention . nino be quiet for a moment , absorb everything that he 's just hear . wino let I think about this . a6 ex : harlem STREET - day 26 duh duh duh man and gee money be riding in the Jeep . it be late morning . they cruise steadily , aimost slowly , a ? angle = inside rover 27 gee money look out the window , eyeing each street eormer -- east the west -+ as af he be lodk for someone , duh dba duh so you really think this base be the new , high - power shit , huh ? 27 25 ii contd 27 gee money no question . we gonna come ofk , and in a big muh-fuckia ' way , too . ( beat ) wait -- yo , there 's keisha , up there on the corner of 129th Street , dur duh duh uhroh , lock like she gettin ! ready to beat somebedy down , another angle 28 a gorgeon , coffge — color young woman stand near volvo in the doorway of a run-down tenement , this be keisha lewis , 20 , & member of nino 's crew . she be sinewy , build like a swimmer , she argue with two young whith roys in a expensive volvo , with Connecticut plate . she be hold one of they by the face , the white boy be terrify . white boy # 1 get the fuck off I , you nigger bitch . keisha yo pale muthafucka , do not play with I , ' cause I be not you mom ; bitch askin I some shit , like , '' be I sell pussy and cocaine ? " white boy f1 right , just get you fuckin ' hand off I . keisha pulis up she shirt and remove a wine - millimeter from the waist of she jeans . wear white boy yell like giris . keisha shut . the fuck up and get out the car , both of you ! mow ! White boy get out of the volvo , whimper , shaking . they be in they early twenty and dress like tvy League preppies . keisha train the gun on they . see she be enjoy this . keisha ( contd ) be that what you think of all black woman ? nigger bitch ? 28 29 12 contd ae . white boy ( sounding like little girl ) no! no ! keisha do you know that black woman rule the world ? do you know that 1 come from a line of royalty ; like the Queen of sheba , and nefertiti ? bid you dumb , racist ass know that ? white boy ( hysterical ) yes ! yes ! xeilsha kill that noise ? get on you knee , and lick the ground , White boy look at each other , bewildére , keisha click the cartridge of the " nine . " the white boy seem indignant , keisha fire a shot over they head ; white boy begin bow and lick the ground . another angle 29 gee money and duh duh duh pull up in the Jeep . see and hear they laugh it up . gee money jump ovt of the car and grab keisha play - fully , the white boy mn to they volvo and speed off . gee money whas up , baby doll ? you tryin ' to put head to bed early in the morning , or what ? ketsha tryin would to teach they dumb basti somethi not about we history . ger money get in the car , miss garvey . we get a important meeting tonight , * gee money and keisha get in the Jeep , they all drive of€ , dissolve to ; 30 31 32 13 ext : harlem nightspot - night 30 welcome to the spotlite on this late August night . hear the powerful thunder of rap music muffle behind the thick oak door pf the club , the entrance under the awning be well - light . see the car pull up to the entrance of the club : BMW , benz -~ jeep. nattily - dress teenage boy and girl depart from the expensive chariot . the music be loud . jungle drum , jungle rhythm , and jungle word . everything you know and hate about black youth . old squl with junior high school face sit at the bar drink from split of dom perignon and moet and run head game on the gangster groupies = " stunt " -- in tight silk skirt , see body twist , gyrate , and contort , Nina , duh duh duh , and gee money make they way back to the office in the spotlite ; the dance throng part like the Red Sea , pay reverential deference to the kingpin as he walk past -+ angle al seotty be dance with two fine young women as nino walk by -~+ both man make brisf eye contact -- nino and he boy then disappear -- int ; office - night 32 this office / conference room in ' the back of the spotlite be plush , but not gauagy . wino ; gee money , keisha , duh duh duh , selina , nino 's 28 - year-old , boxom , attractive donna Karen -clad girlfriend , and kareem akbar -- the same handsome ( buppy ) brother we see at the baskethall court earlier -~ nino ocondescend ) you must like slumming , kareem , what would make a high - class guy like you leave a good computer programming job at citibank , come uptown and work among a de of thiave ? laughter from the crew . kareem a blind man in the dark could see that . arithmetic and common sense , the difference between the # 00 dollar a wesk and 6,000 a week . 3z contd i4 selina my cousit also like the fact that you be in the tradition of Joe Kennedy . nino good -- because you gotta tob to get rich in the Reagan - Bush era , they run a strange program , yrall . reisha I be teliing you . nino «ee this be a administration that creates a aconomic situation -- more poor and disenfranchise people than this country have ever know -- and then pretend it do not exist . gee money meanwhile , the rich get richer ... kareem eee and richer ... nino but since gee money tell I six month ago that the cocaine glut in we club couid be use to a advantage , reaganomics hes give we a hell of a opportunity . a lst of people have give up on hope , and that 's gonna make we rich , see nino remove a vial , of base from he pocket , and place it im the middle of the table , nino ( contd ) in time like this , people wanna get high . Real high . and real ast . gee money pick up and scrutinize it . gee . money ¥o , it look like base , but it be not , 32 keisha empty yial on table and cut the content with a knife , 32 contd 15 * a2 ketsha what ? people crazy over something that look like crack - off piece of soap ? nino . it take too much caine to make base =~ be not no real profit in base -~ it 's too expensive and it 's too much trouble . and like you gee ifoney I also have be do some experiment and aiscover by cut the caine with comeback we make more product not less . , , it 's just like turn iron into gold ! this be go to chang we future . just like big business when you change you product you change you marketing strategy . go eat the day of sellin ! 's on street corner , in dark alley , or in the bathroom of some bummy - ass bar , when there 's too many different place to look after , too many different thing can go wrong -- gre money yo , ning , for T do not get it . whaddup ? nino it 's abourt combination and consolidatin’ , that 's whaddup , kareem ( start to understand ) what be yoy plan to take over , some building ? wino pace the room like a military strategist ~- nino the Carter apartment ... everyone react . nino ocont ) fhat 's right , we be gonna take over a whole apartment complex . we will set up 2 lab to make the product , kareem can hook up a computer system to keep track of money , product and worker . we will have a sacurity foree to scresn customer , ward off rival crew , and lockout to alert we of police . one place to sell we preduct , one place to collect we money . wetll own this fuckin ' city . tk ke brother look at each other ; it dawns on they thet this be a brilliant , ground - break plan ... 32 conrt D 16 '' 32 nino ( contd ) this city will bevome New Jack city . dus duh duh youse a genius , nino , a pure , stone , undulate -~ I mean , unta - tutite =- gee money man , please shut the fuck up , before yon have a seizure , or something . everyene laugh . gee money ( contd ) nino , my brother , it ig a brilliant plan , ( worried ) what about the fede try to bum rush the operation , nino ? nino ( calm ) i have get a plan for that , too , ( grin ) i call it the December 7th , '' December 7th plan " in full effect . gee money oundéérstand ) you be a genius , nino . Nina smile , nino . a few thing do concern I , thauwali . qne : fat smitty control the serambler around the Carter , it 's time tq sing that fat bitch a lullaby ! keisha ' smile ) rock~ - abye baby . gee money he 's as good as elvis , nino , what 's the other thing you be gonna speak on ? lie $ 2 contd 32 nino vx '' let 's buy a little coopération , a little loyalty and respect , gee money ( puzete ) what ? nino I be think we could build a community center for the moab Church . a place where kid could play bail , get tuter , etc . selina reverend oate be gonna love that . nino last , but not least , we need a name for the product , some shit that people will recognize immediately . kareem White rock ? gee mowey Nah , man . how about keisha 's desoription , keisha ( puzzle ) what , saap ? gee money no , crack off piece of soap , why not just call it crack , ninos 33 locee — nino 33 a crazy glint in he eye . a sly smile . nino damm . crack. 334 9 omitted 33a * theo thro i3f 3a 34 ext : busy corner - harlem - day 34 near southern corner of the Carter project , cat be pull up to young men in dread and multicolor knit cap ; she young man exchange small manile envelope 34 36 47 a8 39 1g4 contd aa for cash come from éxtend arm from tie driver 's side of the car , marley 's " redemption song " watt from a red Jeep on that corner . angle 35 gee money 's white Jeep pull up to the corner . keisha and duh duh duh accompany gee money outside , angle a6 in front of the red Jeep , a fat but somewhat muscular man in he late 40' , sinclair smith , aka fat smitty , dress in work coverall , slap around two young ~ salesmen , cursing they out in a thick carihhean eccent , angle 37 gee money lean out . of white Jeep 's back - seat window , and yell : gee money yo , Pat smitty . C " mere fora minute , 1 need to speak with you . fat smitty turn around , angry and confuse . PAT smitty who the fuck be you ? gee money Old man , I be here to tell that out of all of the block in this fair city , nine Brown have pick yours . PAT smipty who the fuck be nino Brown ... what the ... Pat smitty be furious -- go on a rampage , yell , cursing , kick the white Jeep 's door -- inside jeep 38 gee money look at keisha ; she remove she " nine " from the waistband of she pants , click the cartridge , angle 33 see keisha open the door af the Jeep , and jump we . before the bewilder wildman have a chance to react , aga 40 , through 65 46 19 cento ig keisha put the " nine " right next to he temple , ahd pull the trigger twice , blood fly everywhere ; it splattsr the white Jeep , fat smitty fall in the street , shaking as if he 's have a seizure . activity on the street be freeze -- some people run for cover . keisha kick tremble body of fat smitty out of the way , ang jump back in the white wee it jet off . hear gea money 's voice as they pull off : gee money now that 's how you kill a low - level drug dealer , my brother , get right up on the muthafucka and bye-yow ! ... blow he mutha - fuckin " brain all over the sidewalk . in broad daylight . dissolve to : omitted 40 ' through as int : gothic cathedral - day 46 the reverend walk down the aisle through the huge Cathedral , some church be huilt as monument to gad . thie one be byilt to house he . in short , it 's splendid . the reverend , a little awed by it all , site in the front tow , wait . suddenly nino appear behind the startle * reverend . nino i ask you to join I here because one day ; reverend , you be go to haya a church just like this or better , no more second - rate anything , phe reverend just stare , nino ocont } you know something ? nine dump 4 plastic bag of neatly bundle $ 106 bill = out . the reverénd be pleased . nino smell the bundle of bill , nino icont ) I love the smell ] of money ; old money , new money , just as long as it 's real money . 46 ao contd 45 reverend : now that 's a sin I havent hear of , son . nine smile at the reverend , nino . why you always call I that ? T be net you son . reverend I do not call you son ' cause ya mine , I call ya Sun ' cause ya shine , they laugh , nino well , this be only my first charitable donation == $ 400,000 += to the community ; between I and you on the " q.'. , " of course , reverend gf course . thank you . now we gan finish construction on the community center in léss than a Year . the basketball court in Bill Robinson be too raggedy , and the kid need a place to play when it get cold , nino set , nino look into plastic bag , and take out one more hurdle of money , and throw it on table -- in reverend 's lap . ning ( contd ) psyche . you think '' forget about you daughter Mary 's wedding . here 's $ 50,000 . ewerend oste be plenassd . reverend bless you , son . nino she 's gatting a good man in that kid , phil mekie . heln ( more ) aé 46a 46b 460 46d zi contd 46 rookie , but he 's a smart cop ; he know when to call I , nino exit , we hold on a slightly troubled reverend , + superimpose : two year later ext ; harlem build - come up to pull color ~ day 46a Black fury rell up on harlaém brownstone near 13¢th and 7th Avenue . Building be a series of renovate cando apartment . Three man jump ont . " dee - tee " brick , 30' , handsome , brook brother Federal District Attorney ; VIC morrto , tough white wiseass , crew cnt , one hoep earring , leather * jacket , combat boot , 29 's -= special narcotic agent -- and special surveillance expert park guard copiously stoop as morrio and brick mun into the building . int : scorry 's loft = day 463 Raw space , lot of light . we pan a extensive book collection , frame photo of malcolm and garvey . close up - bathroom a beautiful girl , marta , fxeshen up in the mirror , meticulously painting pouty lip . outside in live room scotty check himsel£ in the live reom mirror , adjust he afrig¢an robe . the girl start to strip off she office elothes , open she briefcase . remove sexy lingerie from a gift box mark , '' Love , scotty . '' scotty throw he most seductive record on the stereo , augment the mood and fluff up the bed in anticipation . int : brgwnstone staircase 46c armani cap toe run upstairs . extreme close BP - silk stocking 46d be roll up long , shapely leg , then fastened with @ garter at the thigh , scotty open the bed , pause , then clase it back up so it do not cone off deliberate , ded son 46 F contd 46d she let down she hair , look devastating , scotty light incense , last - minute cologne check . remember something , pull a uzi and a revolver fron under the bed pillow and stashes tham under the bed just as he lady step ont of the bathroom . for the first time we reveal she in she new high=cut lingerie . she be @ knockout . scotty ( qrin ) baby , you get a body to make a vibrator work without battery , she smile , lies down seductively beside scotty . marta it 's be too long , ext : loft door 46e extreme close up - morrio expertly pick scotty 's complicated lock with high - tech hardware . int : loft aor Maria gaze up into scotty 's eye . ue seem momentarily distract , then she kiss he . , : suddenly instinctively , the man pull she to the floor as brick ; weapon draw , leap in from the now open fire eacape and morrio bust in throudh the door , door bust open ; morrio and brick train gun . they both . freeze , there on the floor be scotty 's uzi train on morrio ; he pistol cover Brick 's eretch . it 's a mexican stand - off , scotty it one of you motherfucker even breathes , you will sing the part on '' always and forever . " brickks ( nodd to morrioj thank you , detective morrio . morrio lower he weapon slowly with a sardonic grin . there be instant tension between scotty and himself , morrio ( under he breath ) he look like a bitch to I . 46 p contd 46f scotty whar do you say ? morrio ( scratch he groin ) huh ? oh , I say , I get a itch . brick ( try the break tension } so you skeezin ' , or what ? maria ( exit to bathroom ; piss ] I do not believe this shit !: scotrty ( upset ) baby , please listen , . , ( to brick ) you be still a silly - dilly motherfucker ! brick and you be a too- far mother - fucker ; remember that kid , you almost kill that kid . I tell you about that hiphop cop stuff . tt 's irrational . this be not a War zone , morrio make himself at home , nose through scotty 's book collection . scotty eye he , disconcert , morrio stop and coolly peek in at scotty 's lady get dress in the bathroom , scotty ( angry ) wrong . ( grin ) like halcolm say , " by any meang necessary . '' ( sharply , T be tell you , it be a war out there and I be a soldier , suddenly Maria storm out of the bathroom past morrio . he check out she butt . morro ( clowning ) a onion that will make you cry . 46 F contd scotty ( incredulously ) who the hell be this psychedelic blotta-acid clown ? you crazy or what ? bath man just stare at each other . brick this be detective vie morrio special force , ex -coast Guard Captain . explosive , expert ... Hell of a cop but -- ( grin ) he 's a dedicated reject just like you , scotty . a wild man tkat no one else want . morrio ( extend he hand pleasantly } he mean I be expendable , scottyy ( agnore he ) so why do you come here ? to watch I get the poo-poo2 brick ( nodd to morrio ) of drop a name on you . morrio ( slapping a file in scotty 's hand ) nino Brown and hie sidekick , Gerald " gee money " Wells , they call themselves Cash money Brothers . they use to stick up check - cash joint and two - two - bit jewelry . scorry two priviley kid from bsr la - nade garden ; thrill ~ - seecker . to hate then , what up ? brick we nesd evidence .. , of murder , racketeer , conspiracy , even tax evasion proof that will stand up in caurt . the department have never be able to make anything stick on Brown . 248 4or 46r scotty no shit , 1 / 3 of the department probably be on nino 's payroll . ( eyeing morrio ) the other 2 / 3 so not give a shit what happen up here until it affect they community . morrioq ( threaten ) soa whatcha sayin’ ? brick ( steel in he voice} listen ... I have be authorize to form a independent drug= fight unit , and L be pick you , scotty hcaught off guard ) yeah ? «= why I ? brick you be from the neighborhood , I can trust you and most of all you givé a shit scortty what 's the catch ? brick morrio here go with you , scotty react , brick grab he , serious 4s cancer , scotty this big Captain ahab-lookin ' -- brick ( interrupt ) that 's right , man , this be not gonna be another one of you wild - aan solo act , scotty . morria here ds the only cop I could find craay enough to team up with you . this ig my shot , man , you fuck up it 's on I , get it ? so you in or out ? the three mo stare at , each other until morrison break the silence . 26 " 46p contd 46f morriq ( smile ) that 's what they call I in the Coast Guard . scotty could care less , morrio examine he ui. morrio you get . a permit for this , pertner ? scotty ( icy calm ) I be you boss , you will refer to mé as boss se .6 ( pensive , to brick ) thanks , man 4 ... I need to get back in the war . brick ; hey , hey -- squash that ; there be no boss , you two ara a team , and you be be put together for a reason , sccootty isarcastia ) which be what , nostradamus ? bruck ( exite ) youtil find out soon enough . morrio ! Kool and the gieang with I . ( beat ) E just do not want no snit . scotty {cool} bon 's start mo , will not be none , a7 ext : harlem rooftop = angle - day 47 gn the soof of = tanemert building across the street from the Carter house , scotty and morrio both dress undercover as homeless person . scotty snap @ picture with ) a miniature camera . morrio pull out a ultra modern surveillance camera and speak into a micro cessctta recorder , morrig ( clowning ) 0800 suspect hand ovt consumable the native be restless . 47 48 49 50 $ 1 52 $ 3 contd , at scotty shut up , ahab , nlook at wino} ten year as a murderous ; robbing dog in this community , and now nino brow be try to purchase 2 eanscience , T be not go for he Robin Hood shit , ext : entrance to carter courtyard - angle ~ day 48 two white mini-van be surround by a huge crowd . as the cmb member pass out a soulful Thanksgiving feast to the needy , angle 4g another white mini-van pull up , back door of mini - van 50 swing open ; keisha and kareem lift plastic -wrapped , portable heater out of the truck , and gently place they on the curb . the crowd spot the other truck , and stampede towards the heater . angle sl see bunmy young black man -- 10 or 20 year old -- dress in a grimy - gqreasy , tear down cost , dirty and tatter jeans , dirty and run-down sneaker . his hair be matte , close '' young black man 52 tt 's pookie , the guy scotty shot earlier . his eve be yellow , he lip be ashen -white . angle 43 pookie , walk with a rataze rizzo limp , push and shove people out of the way who be wait to get a turkey ; he " bogart " he way to the front , face nino and he crew . pookie ( excitedly ) God bless you , nine ; God blass you , at least somebody care about the needy , can I get a turkey and some fcod , chief ? nino be slightly amused . 53 5é s7 2g contdp 53 nino leok at you ; just lcok at you funky blass ass , first you wanna be a stick - up kid , but you get = shot . now youse a basehead , ¥ou all fuck up , pookie . pookte I know . I be very ignorent and socially deprive , nino shake hia head , smile , he give pockie a turkey and a tray of food . nino here , man . knock yourself out . if you clean yourself up , I might give you a job ext : carter house hallway - night 54 hallway be dim ; litter with small manila coin ervéelope , glassine bag , and what seém like hundredsof miniature vial and tiny color plastic top . on the wall be some graffiti -— fan 10 elaborate block lettering that read " cmb ... on and on . " angee 55 see pookie and a yong but emaciate girl sit on the floor of the hailway , take the last drag from a glass pipe . close - pookie 56 he 's out of it , angle s57 between bath dope fiend be a moldy turkey , barely wrap in foil , pookie you do not deserve this turkey ! no more -~ T hook you up for that last get-high , Young and emaciate girl , dress in a ragyedy trench - coat , bummy blue prom dress , and bummy Air jordan -- who be aiso in another world -- look at pookie as if he 's lose what little mind he have leave , we seb they high make they very hyper , almost maniacal , 29 * 7 contd 37 skinny girl why 1 gotta be owin ! you -' 7 just do you two time on this staircase .. , you think I like doin ' that ? I be prom queen of Ring High School , this be beneath I . skinny girl take another drag from the pipe . hear pookie laugh , pookie it 's empty .. , icondescend laugh ) muthafuckas kill I talkin’ about what they use to be , look at you now ... pookie make a qrab for the turkey -- skinny girl snatohe it back . 58 close ~ pookie 58 his eye light up even brighter . suddenly , he punch she in the chest . hear the thump . skinny girl jump to hit he , but she 's too stunne . skinny girl what the -- ? poorte , ( irrational ) dida't I hook you up ... do not I walk six block up on Broadway to buy this pipe from a iranian muthafucka who could not even speak English but still try to cheat I outta five buck ... do not I still speak toa you mother this morning after she call I homeless hastard ? skiqny girl nexry } '' ve os wae pookie then it 's my fuckin ' turkey , skinny girl try to grab the turkey . pookie slap hey in the head , and grab it back . 59 - omd -t'ted 59 60 69 gl 2 63 39 ext : carter staircase - wight 61 & crowd have form at the exit to the staircase ; they be watch pookie and the skinny girl fight ove : the date turkey . we hear the skinny girl scream as she tussle with pookie who be overpower she , by way of sheer madness , the crowd be very vocal , voice # 1 kick he in the nut , baby . voice # 2 beat she ass , pook , ‘ake that pussy , too , voice # 3 man , you be not gotta , take that pussy , she will de the wild thing for $ 5 , another angle 62 pookie be on top of skinny girl now , try to choke she the death , pookle tt 's my turkey , my turkey . suddenly , a attracrtive , mid@le - age black woman break through the crawd , and try to pull pookie off the girl , woman stop it ! you stop beatin " on she . 1 say stop it ! another angle 63 scotty " Da Nang , " dress as a homeless man , rush inta the hallway and pull pookie off of girl , and snatch pookie into the staircase , int : staircase — nigat 64 even dimmer than the hallway , scorrty you beat up a woman for a moiey ola turkéy ? you be a pitiful excuse for black manhood , pookie lindignant ) fuck you , you bum -ass , homo , sleepin’ on subways and beggin " for money , stinit 's + motherfucker , ( more ) 31 64 contd 64 pookie {conta ) ( recognize scotty ) oh shiti it 's you ! nscream hysterically ) you , this be not no do do roach motherfucker , he 's a cop . he 's acop . he 's a cop , sootty slap pookie upside the head , put the barrel of the gun in pookie 's mouth , he nervously scan the empty stairway , scorrty if you do not shut up , I will blow you fuckin ! brain out . dissolve to : 655 ext ; outside entrance of carter = angle ~ wight as scotty be forcefully handeuff pookie , and about to read he he rights , when pookie begin to cry and plead . scotty be nervous , do not want to blow he cover . pookle please , man , % do not want to go back to jail . i do not want to be a crack head . J be wrong beatin ' on that girl like that , but it do not have mo control over this crack shit , tt 's take over my mind , my body ~~ please , help I . please , 6 scotty 66 npiss ) stop eryin ' , you comin ' with I , as he drag pookie down the step morria who have come as back - up , be catch . completely off -guard , ke quickly pretend to be a bum urinate , morrio ( panhandle ) dollar nine for a bettle of wine ? gba int : scoot ? y ’ss loft - day 66a * close up - ty a video of crack baby shaking violently fill the screen as scotty , Maria and pookie watch . fookie yo , why we watchin’ this shit , man ? I be book . 66a feb &6c 66d - she 57 32 '' contd 656 a sscotty ( ceel he in like @ comic Fish ) I be you ghost of Christmas past , pook . omitted 66h int : scorry 's lorr 660 marta oexplain ) this be cocaine and crack baby . bear carry a psychic ball and chain they do not ask for , it 's my job to try to keep they alive ee» I do not always succeed , pookie ( recoil ) what ya tryin' to doa , give I nightmare ? ... damn ! scotry = ( menace ) here 's the deal . 1 do not take you narrow ass to jail if you go with my lady to the center and clean up . but if you leave i... brother , it 's you and mé . get it ? pookie nod , unable to speak ' cause scotty have he by the throat , scotty ( contd ) ( sincerely ) good luck , my brother . , . the monkey be a monster . Maria and scotty share a look as she lead a shake pookie out , omitted 66d — 56e inf : , spotlite club - back room - day 67 at a table be nino , bdth buh duh , gee money , and the rest of the Cash money srother , 67 contd 33 b7 nino ( on phone ) fuck that fat - ass frazier , what do you mean he will not give up that apartment . 2'11 take tare of he big ass . nino hang up phone as frank " prankte needle " laponzina ; ist lieutenant of the armeteo crime family , be lead into the room by gee money , ning ( contd ) we be honore , frankie needle ( nervously look around the table} i be honer , really , fon the silence ) we understand that you have a new peruvian connection . wino ( enol ) what about it ? frankte needle you do this without notify Don armete , who take such thing as a insuit , we. also understand that you have centralize you operation in one area , a8 oppose to street corner we '' lease " to you , and the club -- like shagazzy 's and the spotlite -- which we practically gaye you , nino get to the point , frankie needle my point be you guy fuckin ' move three milliom dollar in cocaine every three nionth with we help , we never shook you down for the club , nothin ' . and now you out we ont of we agree upon ten pereent ? well , we have t5 renegotiate , a7 68 69 34 cconttp 67 nino well , message boy , you go back and tell Don amneteo . that renégo - tiating be out . ' the Cash money Brothers be a self - contain unit now . but £ F tell you what : you come back and see I next week , and I will order up some ~- ( look at crew ) ~- collard green linguini , you will love it , nino and crew ekack up . Needles labgh uneasily , get qp . Nano and ttalian shake hand , Needles leave . gee money yo ; nine , I do not know if you should have dene that , man ; frankie 's a o£ guy ... nino ( interrupt ) later for they scungili-eating metherfuckas . they will either roll with if ... or it will roll tight over they , dissolve ta : ext ; harlem supermarket ~ day 6 of a crowd of hysterical people -- mostly young and middle ~ age femaie shopper with kid and pushcart full of grocery -- gather around pookie , whe look comical in a tatter shirt and tis , sing he own word to the ' operatic varsion " of '' sanford and son , " pookie ( really lousy operatic eff- key voice ) well , it be I and freh -ed a work father and s0n , you sae ~~ I and freh-ed he always heltere at I ; and julio and he goat . insert ~- nomemade sign 63 that read : '' I be the understudy for lamont . as you know , the show be cancelled , and . my life have be downail : , ever since , please relp a talented entertainer . " a plastic plate fill with a few coin sit next to ity 7o 35 another angle 70 out of nowhere , scotty come and grab pookie by the arm , pull he off to a comer , pookie be startle , but regroup quickly -- pookie thank you . you have be a wonderful audience , by the way , this be my agent , y'all , - and he just get I a new tv show — < seotty shove pookie up against a wall outside the super — market . he look at pookie like —- scotty I do not fuckin’ believe you , man . you never quit , do you ? pookie man 's gotta make a livin ' somehow . scotrty but yo 's ass can not sing , pookie that 's you opinion , you can not appreciate true artistry , scotty bullshit artistry , no , I can not , {beat ) you just could not stick with the Program . do not you want to be free of the pipe ? pookie T will free myself . I do not need to sit around in a circle with a bunch of muhfuckas cryin ! 's and talkin’ sbout how roach out they life be . TI could not stay and listen to that nonsense . scorry I bet you ass could stay in jail , though . I could haul you ass in for aasault on that girl in the hallway . pookie ( scared ) you takin ! I to jail 2 scorry no. 10a 7ob yoc 7od 7ge 36 * int : scotty' loft - day 70a pookie be handcuff to a beam in scotty 's loft -- pookie = help ! rape ! yousé a homo type of muh~fucka try to boonk I ? lack , man , if you girl leave why do not you just buy some pussy , man ? you make good money == int : scotty' loft '' day job Maria enter with she own set of key and some grocery . we follow she to the kitchen , she spot scotty in he tobe bend over inside the fridge . she sneak up and goose he a good ene . pookie spin arovynd wear scotty 's robe , they both freak . scotty , read on the couch , crack up laugh . int : scotty 's loft = later 70c scotty dnd Maria cook dinner , pookie cut fresh vegetable . - Maria bring he a healthshake . narita ( joke ) drink this , superman . tt n'11 put some lead in you pencil , ( teasing ) it work for scotty , Maria talk to scotty quietly as pookie slurp down the shake and make himself at home , maria ( contd ) islightly piss ) I hope you know what the hell you be do bring this guy into the house , scotty ( pensive ) yeah .«. I too , scotty do one - armed push -up -- pookie try to 7od imitate he , fail , and then do " girl " push -up . morrio watch , fix a transistor , he 's wary . pookie drink juice , eat fruit , as scotty foe . watch carefully . 7of 1g al 72 73 37 pookie throw up . scotty hand he a towel , toe ext : marcus garvey park - day 7oc * pookie jogging comically with scotty in the wee hour in . the morning near Marcus garvey Park -~ pookie stop , scotty leave he way behind -- come back and drag he along with he -- th vo we hear : pookie ( vg ) man , why I gotta , do ail this shit ? why I gotta work with you ? scotty ( vo ) because it 's about give back what you take away from this neighborhood . tt 's payhack time , pookie . ext : spartan' social club - angle - day 71 Frank Needles get oyt of the back of a black mercede 500 sedan , and go inside the club -~ int : spartan' club - day 72 Dark and dimiy light in burgundy tone , a huge , polished maple bar sit off to the side ; a few heavy - set modern roman in borsalino hat and sharkskin suit sit at the counter sip on seagram and ouzo , a few play pool at a expensive billiard table smack dab in the middle of the club . angle ~ don armeteo 73 a wiry and handsome gentleman in he 60 -- sit ata table flipping through a Sports illustrate , look at some picture of Michael ] Jordan . frankie sit down and join he . 73 74 75 - 77 78 35 contd ti dow armeteo puckin ' mooyan be not human I tell ya . he must have a m.x. missile instead of a cock , he get up so high — frankie needle ( interrupt ) we snitch be right . wino and he Cash money monkey be dealin '' with that spicaroos up on Broadway and 17?ist . and he do not even deny at . wor do he accept we partnership anymore . gee money be cool . but it be that fuckin‘ hard head nino . int : van = day 74 around 4 battery of receiver and hi-tech recorder ; tiorric , scotty , and Park listen in on the Don and frankie , with super thin , state - of - the - art headsets ; dow armeteo ( vo ) well , you know what I say ; you lay down with peruvian dog , ya wake up with Spanish fleas , nino will itech soon , and we will be there to scratch the hell out of he . dissolve to ; omitted 15 - 77 ext ; STREET - day 728 springtime in harlem . rush hour ... people come home from work . we move through a crowd whose attention be rivete on -- shock profile of a naked frazier , manager for the Carter , sobbing hysterically , finger lace behind he head , prodd dawn the yellow canter line of seventh Avenue near la0th Street , which be teaming with rush hour traffic , he 1s walk toward 4 gas st tion . nino Brown , scowling , flanke by duh duh duh and gee money . he have tape the muzzle of a shotgun to the naked man' neck , and he 's speak in real low and sinister voice -- nino wow you *re gonna give up that apartment and turn over control of the Carter to the brother , right , frazier ? 768 78a 78e 78c 78d 7be vbp 39 conrd . 78 prazier ( blubber ) yessir , Mr. Brown . nino . if you do not , the += well ... I quese the shotgun accidentally que off , and you head be blow off before you get yolr clothes back ? y¥ 'unnstand ? frazier yessir , yessir ... the same old man from the introduction look on at the profane parade , with disgust and anger . we man pookie , stand amidst the crowd on the side - walk -- he mouth agape -- have see it all , ext ; cme gperation ~ montage - day 78a ( note : with excepticn of the protest scane there be not dialogue in this montage ; instead , we hear a cappella ) a group of New Jack swing -styled kide in front of | 788 the Carter sing acappella ; qunshot break out , the kid scatter , but we hear song play through montage , as we pan up -— - cur to : win and révérend oate in construction hat , watcn - 78c ing construction worker build the conminity center . cmb worker evict a family and start demolosh 78d they apartment , knock out a wall , { note : this scene will have dialogue speech to be write ) a few cop watch as a group of protester outside 78e the street police precinct , with piacaré read " Police do not see that crack be break we back , " cheer on politcial and community speaker ( speech to be write ) who make anti-drug speech , Old man from the naked frazier parade be among the protester ; they be make up of concerned parent , teacher , young kid , community leader . nino walk cooly into someone 's apartment and start 78f toss they belonging aut the window . he be about to throw the cat out when the little girl attack he , nino slap she across the room , she mother sob , 786 78h 781 785 78 k 78h 78m 73n 780 78p 780 78r 73uU ag a young tben male choke a elderly , gray - bair 786 woman , in a apartment : he push she to the floor , he then run into the bedroom , and go to a specific dresser drawer , Teen open the drawer , spot a photo == insert - color snapshot 785 of the teen in Sunday finest , hugging the gray-haire wontan , also in she Sunday finest , stand outside of @ harlem church , duh deh duh in a yarlem barber shop , get " cmb " 7ez cut back of he head . we turn around , show off he new gold tooth . Teen toss the phota to the side , he find a 78d erivelope , and remoy five twenty dollar bill ... meanwhile , gray-haire woman sit on sefa cry , shaking she head ... Teen busy dope from cmd worker hall . pookie watch , kareem supervise the count of some money . 78 k cms worker set up row and row of long table 78l in the Carter basement , ' there be a shootout between two rival gang in this 78 m ailapidate neighborhood -- brick and Parks return fire , Inside Carter peokie now employ be givena cmb fen jacket . another apartment be burn out , a pregnant woman 780 and child be evict . husband shot . scotty comfort the now homeless little girl who 78p cradle she frighten kitten . a tailor fit nino in a new suit , 7 bq cmb worker install fortifying iron door in Carter 79r like a fortress . morrison watch cartey through jong lense , speak 78s into recorder , kareem supervise the count of more money , only 78t now they have to weigh it , ouitted 780 * 738v 79 . tsa 79b 80 81 82 alk we pan back down to the same group of New jack= 78vv style kid as they finish the a cappella , only the season have change , so have the Carter , end montage , cross fade to : omitted 79 ext : korean fruit stand ~ night 79 a directly across the street from the Carter project , this be the typical Korean produce store in harlem ; fresh fruit and vegetable , Fresh fish , etc , int : back room of fruit stand = nigat 79b this be not a back room at all ; this be a hi-tech surveillance station . see a gaggle of reel - to- reel machine , chlorine - blue vdt screen , ty monitor show various angle of the entrance to the Carter courtyard , and a few stack row of small black box that look like stereo receiver . pookie look nervous , sectty and morrio listen . he i8 about to run down the cmh operation from memory , which wiil be flashback scene . ext : carter courtyard - angle 80 seb 2 potential customer arrive at the Carter court - yard entrence -- see customer present a card to a NB worker -- pookie ( vg ) 's ~ it teok I some time , but i've be through the whole joint ; here it be . first , when you get to the entrance , you get to show a menbership card to a runner ... omitted a1 ext : carter courtyard - '' wgle - night 82 see the entrance of the courtyard , it be really busy tonight . lot of people be come in and cut at 4 vapid pace , but the movement seem stage , choreograph , dasign . go back to : 83 BA 85 86 87 d2* insert 83 White emboss card with a series of number under some bar coding that read : cash money brother medicine clue -- morrison ( vo ) «+» bike a video club ... pookie ( vo ss . dig that .. , nino get this shit hook like " Mission impossible . '' omitted ga int : carter hallway - angle - night 85 see customer escort into the well - light and clean hall - way of one of the building . see cmb worker sit at a table with a computer , and a stamp , the ciistomer hand worker he membership card ; worker use a wand plugge into the computer to read the bara-cod on the card , customer hand worker a $ 5 bill , which worker drop into a metal cylinder on the side of the desk , Worker stanip the customer 's Hand , and then speak into he baseball cap-headset , as we hear the pook —- pookie { vvqa ) -«. you be escort up to the second floor , the worker ring the buzzer in this code , a little panel in the door open , and you get the crack ... scotty ( vo ) .». call in the order to where ? omitted 86 int : carter apartment - '' hacy be " ~ night b7 see worker in smock and glove arrange what seem like thousand upon thousand of crack - fill vial on tow of table , into specific qroup of twenty -- when one of the worker get a call on he headset , he take twenty vial over to another worker who be sit at a table next to 4a thick , iron plate fortify oor , which have a slide - away panel build into -- pookie { vo} -' + call go into a place they call " macy 's " ; the place where you actually get the crack . a worker take you over to 223 , where oné worker read the stamp on you hand under a ultraviolet light . from there ... 88 #3 90 - 93 94 a4 * int : carter apartment ~ macy dogrway 88 see customer and cmb worker 42 at the door of " macy 's , " hear worker # 2 ring the buzzer im a code -- two long buzze , one short -= the panel open , and the vial be pass through by 45 , int ; fruit stand - night 8s scotty be shocked , but he bemuse look seam as if he 's almost impressed by this elaborate setup . morrio | nino be one sick genius , sscorr ty ( cynical ) meah , a mind be 2 terrible thing to waste . s50 what happen next ? pookie «ee well , you can either take you goody home and get high , or , you can stay at the Enterprise . scotty ( vo ) 'as the what ? ... omitted 90 - 33 int ; the enterprise - botler room 94 steam . smoke , dripping vapor . fats. 4 % depress sight . not that the olace be sloppy ; it be clean and neat — — fifteen card table around the room , two chair to a table . ' two small glass pipe , and two smali lighter - torch sit on top of the table , along with a high - tech neon light make like a candle . tt make the room look like some sort of weird bistro -~ cmb worker patrol the room with automatic weapon , to keep some sense of order -— but all the seat be anesthetize -- panning the face at each table —- see dead eye and dead soul with hollow cheek suck on glass pipe -- hear suck sound -- as the ween high - light each face -- see a variety 4 ... elderly men and women , wealthy buppirs , teenage girl with crying baby in stroller near the table -- like blue ghoul whose eye sit back in they socket , see we customer escort to a table , and get to work , as we hear pookie -- pookie ( vo ) +... on the street , they say when you be smoking crack , that you be beamin ' up { more } 54 95 '' 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 4a * contd 94 pookie ( vo contd ) to bene you be goin ! to dnother world , they call that room the Enterprise . , , scotry ( vo ) 's '' they get all the apartment in that building ? ... pookie ( vo ) «+ . '' o , man , be you deaf or what ? it be not just a few apartment -- the brother control the whole joint . yeah ... wino Brown . , . 8 mad scientist ye» what do '' aryin say on that album +s '' '' the boy who make slave out of man ... '' omitted gs= 120 ext : spotlite club - new year be eve - angle - nicht 12i see a convoy of expensive car -- and expensively dress -- Black teens stop at the entrance of the club and show gold card to two huge , menace doormen -— - insert - gomd card i 122 no read : the spotlite , Ltd. ah oh st the int : spotlite -— angle — wight wy the joint be jump , even more so than we see in the beginning . the spot be a crowded , young gangster 's paradise . int : spotlite - angle — gambling room - night 124 see a crowd of Black elegant teenager gambling . inp : spotlite - angle - office - night 125 pan the wail of office -— see photo of varicus cmb Operations , another angle 126 see all the Cash money Brothers assemble for a toast ; gee money , duh duh duh , keisha , and kareem . all be dress stylishly -- look like they be tear right out of the page of g.q. and vogue -- and be here 126 127 45 ccontd 136 celebrate they huge success in the underworld . selina have she tarot card spread out on the table . wino look over she shoulder as she turn over the last card ; he wait . selina there be power in you future , , , nino ogrin ] ) of course} ! okiss sclina ) you be my qood luck cham , .. we get it all , tiy brother , the drug , the gambling , the car service . ' this be the fruit of hard work , the belief in the enterpreneurial spirit , the new american dream . kareem amen to that ! hear a chorus of amen . nino oraise a glass ) a toast ; to my brother , in life the my brother , until death , happy new year ! everyone taise they glass . hear they intone -- everyone to c.m.b. 's + on and on . I will treat my brother as I trsat myself . another angle 127 nino put he arm around ges money , and walk he over to a corner of the room . this be a private conference between the two . nino ( smile ) my brother , my brother , you be a big reason for this suceess , but this be not about success . this be abeut survival . we can not go out like puss head and blackie lie shot in the hallway over a ten-dollar bag . we have to be smarter and we have to look gut for each other . 127 128 46 contd 127 ger money ( appreciative ) I feel the same way , nino . you know that . tt nino nothing or no one will ever come between we . never , my brother , they smile and hug each other ; pat on the back . nino ( contd ) ist 's go out there and get louse , money . int : spotlite - angle - party area - night 128 sbe nino , gee money , duh duh duh , selina and keisha wade through the ocean af reveler and well wisher . see reveler teach out and touch nino , as if by touch he , they will be fill with he special street magic . wino visibly enjoy this adoration , now see the crew make they way to a table beside the dance floor where a woman be wait for they : a lithe , 27 - year -old , amazon - like stripper name uniqua ford . see nino and uniqua make sericus , sexually - charge eye gontact . it 's electric =~ before the crew arrive at the table , nino yell into gea monsy ' 's ear -- nino = yo , be that the skeeser you meet at frankie 's strip joint ? gee money yeah , uniqua ? ... nino you fuckin ' she correctly , or what ? I know I would be like ..5 yo ! nino give a vigorous pelyic thrust , to a imaginasy partner ; see gee money do not like what he 's hearing , gee money well ... yeah , I have bist they draw once . but I just meet her. ( emphatic ) I need time to get to know she . 128 129 £30 al ' contd ning ( eye do not leave uniqua ) T hear that , money . nino turn to sit down and talk to other people . gee money stand there fox a moment , try to figure out what he 's go to say . ha 's piss at nino for this . duh duh duh ard keisha hang alongside . another angle frankie Needles and two man-movntain in armani suit be sit at a table next to nino and co , , eyeing they intently , there be a small , gift - wrap statue on they table , frankie needle nino , hey nino , my ace-boon-qoon -- c'mere for 4 minute . you too rich to say hella- to a ald friend , now ? c'mere . gae money greet frankie , but nino show disdain and impatience for frankie Needles , but he force himself to be cordial . wino well , if it be not the think man 's Rocky , how the fuck be you , frankie Needles ? frankie needle just great . look , nino , the de and I be think , let 's let bygone be bygone , we congratulate you on you new success , and as a show of good faith , here 's a gift from the Don . ( bear ) open it -- 128 129 nino give a curious look to the package , as the brother gather around he , brace for action -~ another angle i30 nino pick up the package , unwrap it , and stare at -- a porcelain lawn jockey -- noose around its neck -~ in big , white lip and black face -- frankie Needles and he boy aré snicker . nino be in shock for a moment -- frankie needle to the head niggér in charge -- all the best , babe -- 130 431 ccontttd 130 -- and then wino crack mp with laughter , hefore smash the figurine against frankie 's head . he go down with a yelp , scream and bleed . as two henchmen jump to they foot ... - big goon # 1 you little drugnpush chump change nigger , you think you can get away with something like that ? nino do not move -- he lock athis crew and smile . all brace for action , nino I just do , keisha stepa hetween they , keisha you better step off , gigantor . big goon rl why you little black bitch ... keisha reach into the jacket of she skirt snit -- about to pull out she pistol -- but duh duh doh pull she away . he go into action , punch Big goon # 1 in the windpipe , and roundhouse kick he in the nut ... Big goon # 1 go down , yell in falsetto -- the other big white goon jump in , but duh duh duh fore - arm hin in the nose -- down go this goon . duh duh duh confiscate the gun of Needles and he hanchman , bouncers come run . nino grab he cane , cut off frankie weedle ' ponytail , and thraw it in he face , wing ( motion ) get they silly ass outta here . bouncer usher they out af the place like so much trash . once again , nino and uniqua make strong eye contact . neither c€..e yoney or selina be pleased by this . ext : spring valley mansion - angle -— night 131 see a lush tudor mansion , siirrelinded by tree . a man - make pebblenline brook sit off to the side . dissolve to ; * 132 133 134 135 ag omitted 132 int : screening room = angle = night 133 set up tastefully , almost like a mini version of New York 's beekman theater , it 's dark ; a movie be heing shown -- insert 134 see the end of depalma 's scarface , where the corpse of tony Montana lie near the sculpture with the inscription : the World be your . another angle 135 re the light go on , seh nino , gee money , selina , and uniqua sit on a beautifully expensive leather sectional sofa , drink cristal champagne from crystal glass , and eat french bread and cheese . nino ig feel the champagne , and so be uniqua , they make it a point to touch each other as they talk , gee money be pleasant , but see he be wary of the thing happen between nino and uniqua . selina be stewing , but be very discreet about it , nino the world be mine . gee money and the Brothers 's , too . do not leave we ont . uniqua ( interrupt gee monsy ) it be yours , nino , only you will not be as careless as tony montane . nino take uniqua 's hand and caress it , nino ( pleased ) gee money , I like this girl of yours . uniqua ( bristle ) fe be not get no papers of 3 leash on meu selina ( sharply ) well , you know what happen when dog be not get a leash ; they run the street and try to fuck everything in sight , 135 136 137 so contd 135 uniqua give selina a smile , but vicious glance , selina stare back coldly , gse money Te "s true , I do not own she , nino. {nervous } but she be not nothing to come between we , fight ? nino doss not even hear gee money ; not 's high and somewhat rowdy , now , he take he champagne glass and throw it against the wall -- = ning the world be mine ! } he shout . selina be take aback . see gee money be miff , because nino be act like he 's out of control . close on untoqua 138 see fire , passion , and apportunity in she eye . she get up , and dance in front of nino , a slow seductive turn on . uniqua slowly begin to strip , selina and gee money do not believe what they be see , nino be enjoy every minute of this . gee money uniqua , what the ... unioua * {to nino} aman like you need to leave a lagacy , a son -- a Mark to let the world know he be here . nino take a swig from the champagne hottie . ning ( slurring a Little ) you know you be absolutely right ? not that T have not be try -- right , selina ... angle - selina 137 be shocked and hurt ; she try to keep a stiff upper lip . gee money be embarrassed -— gee honey hey ~~ nino ye , ning she can not have kid ... 437 138 contd 137 selina quietly walk to of the room , tear stream down she face -- nino be unaffected =- nino ( contd ) ( chuckle ) «+ . she can not fuck , either . maybe that 's why .. , more chuckle , ger money that be not right , man . nino well , she can not , gniqua ( totally insensitive ) that 's too bad . gee money you should go get she , man . really ..+ ser it finally register with nino that he hurt selina . wino you be right , money . Nano go after selina , gee money_turn to uniqua . ' , '. gee monby why do you say that ? I tell you before she could not make no baby . int : guest bedroom = night 138 angle on selina sit on the bed , stare at she tarot gard in sheck as nino come in , she try to hide they . wino awkwardly try to comfort she . selina ( far away ) nin , you know I have always be straight with you .. , you promise we would get marry three year ago , ning we already marry , 138 139 140 - 141 142 sz contd 138 selina no , we have live together for five year , and ... I love you . and now you be beginning to take I for grant , nino , angry , slap selina and jump out pf bed : she yell , begin to cry , he catch himself , try to calm down . nino , okay , yeah , you give I a couple book to read and you do help I build the Brothers . ( angry again ) but look , I be you ticket from a life of horedom , TI be you shotider to ery on , when you rich doctor daddy wag too busy make he round at harlem Hospital , when you mother be too busy shoplift at bloom - dale 's . do not start throwin’ shit in my face , ' cause I be a boomerang , ytunderstand ? nino starm out of the room , leave salina rack with sob on the bed . camera follows he to the screen room , where he watch uniqua -- clad in skimpy , red undy , now == undress and stroke gee money , whose eve be close , she never take she eye off of nino ; in fact , she be undress he with she eye . close + nino 139 a man possess , omitted 140 - t4l dissolve to + int : backroom fruit stand - day 142 angle ~ scotty , fookie , morrio , park , brick brick be chew scotty put . ajain - . brick I tell you ahout this '' any mean necessary " shit , now you put a notorious crackhead on ' the payroll ?! ( sneer at pookie ) look , aii that kinté cloth and ziq - zaq fady and fight the pawer ? it 's fashion , {more } 142 contd brick be he to it 5 a 142 brick ( contd ) Real power never go out of style , and while we be busy stylin 's and profilin’ , there be some heavy hitter sittin ' behind they desk waitin ' far we to fall . that 's what i be about , that 's what I be work for on the inside , scotty Excuse I , Mr , Inside , anytime you wane to bring you inside ass on the outside juet let I know , morrio Excuse I , but be this some Black ehit ? because I would like to go .om record a say this " pookie go undercover thing " be a major - fuckup wait to happen , scorry ( furious at morrio ) yes , this be some Black man shit . so mind you toy John gatti ass businessi morrio ( explode ) fuck vohn gotti , pussy , I x11 wax and simonize you yellow ass -— - scotty ( furious ) you gotta bring ass to kick ass , so come on wid it , about to break up the mela , but pookie beat poorte te they do not believe I be try to get better in recovery , and that tf can not handle this operation {heat} then let they send ahab in the Carter along with the National Guard ! brick ( defeat ! you know we can not de that , because everything will be destroy before we cross the street , and we need a ( more ) 142 143 144 445 54 ) con 'td 142 brick jcontd ) video of the operation and the evidence of the financial record $ 0 we case dan stand up in court . scotty gkay , then . now you see this be not no fuckin ' movie ; this be real life . pookie 's *s workin ' for nino . pookie ++. yeah , I be on lookout from seven p.m. to seven a.m. , in one of the apartment window , , ( beat ; laugh ) they even make I £ill ont a appii - cation ask if T still get high -- they know I from before , ' cause I be one of they first loyal customer -— I be wild , too . angle - park 143 walk over to a table and pick up a belt . insert ; 144 see a leather belt with a thick rectangular buckle . the front of the buckle be very shiny and dark , as if it 's make of onyx , on the backside of that buckle be two very thin and long wire . another angle 145 seb all the man lock at the belt curicusly . , Park explain , park this belt be really a video camera , pookie . tha wire be transmitter that will be tape to you , just as if you be wire for sound . it will pick up you communication to we , in addition to the sound and image around you , it will also pick wp shit you can not even hear . morrio 3 lease up ) you will be okay . gust relax , park < welre ceally count on you , pookie , ( more ) 145 146 147 148 149 159 1s1 - 153 154 155 contd 145 pare ( contd ) you can tie we into they nerve center and help we destroy cmb . brick let 's make this airtight . angle - pookie 146 try £ 6 look confident ; but fe also look a little fearful . note : dissolves will be use to transition in and out of the scene involve pookie 's infiltration into cmb . dissolve to : int : carter apartment window - night 147 angle ~ pookie wear the cmb baseball cap / headset -— move from leave to right in the window -— - insert = belt buckle . 148 ext : inside carter courtyard = angle - wight 2 ag seb a lot of activity ; cmb security patrol the grounds , customer be searched by cmb worker , a variety of customer move from building to building -- int ; fruit stand ~ back room surveillance , - night 150 video monttor display all the going - on in the courtyard -- omitted 151 - 153 int : carter staircase -— angle -— night be 4 two week later see pookie and kareem walk up the staircase , to one ef the aporkiment . kareem * yo , pook , I be tell gee money how good a worker you be ... int : fruit stand ~ angle - back room surveillance — 155 night all the agent -- scotty , morrio , Park , brick -- be watch kareem on the monitor -- iss 156 158 159 160 a6 * contd be 5 kareem ( vo ) {on monitor ) + + , and how many customer you have bring in . and you be just 4 leokout , pookie ( vo ) ( on monitor ) so what do he say ... angle - scotty 156 be pleased -- almost gloat in the direction of brick . bcotty this might be the big kahuna , gentleman , .. brick be frown , int ; outside carter apartment door - nrebt be 7 kareem b's for th they like shit like that ) . anything that make they more money , they like . mattah fact , you might get a better position . and that mean a bigger salary . pookib I be with that . angle -— kareem 158 ring the buzzer in code -- two short , three short , two long -- and a menace cmb worker open the doar . int : carter apartment — system room — night 155 see a battery of telephone , row of wall chart . system . in ? : fruit stand - angle - back room surveillance — i690 night see scotty clench he fist triumphantly , srick be pleased and mesmerize , as be Park , yorrio be still not convinced . scotty the big kahune , baby , system . brick he 's inside , boy . 161 162 lag s7 * int : cmb system room - night 161 it 's busy in here . cmb worker be all around ; on the phone , punch up data on the computer terminal , mark off specific area on the wall chart with red magic marker , angle - gee money and kareem 162 gee money be speak to someone on a cellular phone . as he spot polkie and kareem , he terminate the conver - sation , and walk over to they , kareem this be the man . gee money hug pookie , gee mowey Mr. stick - up , what up ? you stiil larcenous , of what ? pookie ulaugh ) I would not dara try and steal from y'all ; you have kill I , gee money Nah ; we have know each other too long . plus , you have bring in some gaod business for we , man . pookie J can n*t take all the credit ..« int : fruit stand - back room surveillance — night 163 insert fookie on the monitor -- pookie ( vo ) - = +. a good product will always bring out the gustomer «.. in ? : cmb system room - angle - night 164 gee money , pookie and kareem in they huddle — 164 és 166 le ? 163 contd gee money well , we reward we moneymaker , I want to move you to another pasition . see pookie look eagerly around the system room — — pookie I would like to take a shot om one of that terminal . ( lie ) I take computer programming at City College . , . angle - kareem kareem can you program , pascal ? pookie Nah -- you know -- people change , lose interest . gee money so you still on the pipe , sr what ? pookie no «= i «= no. int : fruit stand — back rgom surveillance - wight insert on the monitor , sbe gee money , cool , caim , gee money ( vo ) ( on monitor ) good . angle = scotty look a little worried ~— int : cmb system room - night gee monet 4 -0 this be not what I have ih mind , for you anyway . you be work in ' macy 's ? ... wt leg le5 lti6 167 168 169 170 l71 - 178 179 sow angle , - pookie 163 try to smile , but ke look apprehensive -- pookie , '' macy 's " ? really ? ... gee money that 's right , and if you de as good a job there as you do as a spotter , wall , the sky be the limit , ' gus . peckie look uncertain . pookte I feel honore that you haye this confidence in I , angle 176 . see gee money give pookie a vigorous slap on the hack , gee money we take care of we own . ( beat ) you can go back to you post , now , you will start in a few day . pookie nod to both gee money and kareem , and be about to leave the system room , as he transistor pick up gee money whisper to kareem ; pookie do not hear this , but the cop obviously do -- gee mowey ( contd ) I want you to keep a eye on that kid . kareem why -- what 's wrong ? gee money he 's light - finger , so keep a eye on the preduct . omitted 171 = 178 int : " macy be " ( cmb sale apartment ) - angle + night 179 see cmb worker in smock arrange the thousand of erack - fill vial upon the row of table , into the specific group of twenty . 180 161 laz 183 184 185 186 187 18a sa * angle - poorte iso one of the worker in he pocketless smack , plastic lab glove , and cms baseball cap —- omitted 181 int : cmb " macy be " apartment - angle = night 182 see pookie look around , neryous , as he gather the vial together ; on the sneak , he carefuliy remove two vial from the table , open he mouth , and secretly tuck they under he tongue -- dissolve to ; int : fpookte's apartment - live room ~ night 183 see the live room : small , cluttere , and dirty , pookie sit on the second -hand sofia , empty the content of one vial into a small glass pipe -- he torch the pipe -~ try fa put at to bis lip ~- insert 184 pockie 's hand be shaking -- close - pookie ras tear stream down he cheek -~ — angle 186 pookie hold the pipe for a second +~ throw the pipe and at content to the floor -- hear it crash -- see pookie put he head in he hand , and cry -- then after a moment -- get on he hand and knee search for crack . omitted 187 dissolve to ; ext : riverside park ~ dusk £ 88 we doty with morrioc . scectty , pookie and brick as they move through Riverside Park , overlook whe river , morrio seem on edge , brick look , man , the timetable have shift forward . & do not know how much longer I can keep this investigation fund with nothing to show ... frankly , 1 do not think you man pookie be ready - i238 6l * contd 184 pookie ready ?! I do not look ready ? TI be bear ready , money grip ! morrto yeah , ready to be a dead crackhead . scotty ( warning ) do not fuck with I ! ( block brick 's path} look , the man be already inside , ali we néed be more time before he have access to ail the information we need to put nino away . brick stand there face scotty as if about to say something , but there 's no need to . he nod approval and walk away . morrio in my opinion , we pull he out now while we still can , brick ( piss ) when L want you opinion , T 'il give it to you . sestty , I be against it , burt ... it 's you call . morrio ( disgust , exite } it 's you funeral . seotty and pookie be leave stand alone in the park . the gravity of they situation weigh on they , pookie . we tell they , man ... ready ? shit , scorrry listen , you better be ready ! ' Cause you owe I , you owe I , you owe this commmnity , you swe yourself , you even owe my mother . pookie look sideways at scotty 's last statement ; scotty give pookie a long , threaten look -— scotty ( cemt ) that 's right , you owe my mother . tt be a fuckin ! junkie like you ( more ) 188 1b 190 191 192 123 194 135 62 ccontd 188 scotty ( contd ) that kill my mother in 1974 . do not take no money ; no jewelry , do not take nothin’ from she but she life -= ( about to break down , but show restraint ) even if you do not haye it to give , you better find it , pookie . ' Cause you owe a whole lotta people . scotty leave pookie stand there alone , pookie look doubtful , dissolve , to : int : cmb " macy be " - angle — night 149 see pookie lock at yial after vial -- insert 196 camera slowly pan vial after vial -- see vial begin the cross fade inte other vial , until the white particle begin to meke we dizey . close - pookte 151 hel sweat , wide - eyad , and feverish , dissolve to : int : ' pooki " S apartment - insert - night sz see six empty vial on the bummy coffee table -~ angle 133 pookie sit slump on the sofa , clutching a glass pipe , ' look simultaneously craze and pitiful , teare stream down he face . int : cmb " macy be " + angle - night 194 sed pookie along with the other worker , organize the vial on the long row of table . pookie be act very hyper , and very goofy . hear he whistle the tune , " whistle while you work . '' int : fruit stand - angle — back room surveillance — 195 night Agents look at seach other , as they hear pookia whistling , and see the other worker on the manitor look at he strangely . '' 195 196 197 198 3 " contd 195 morrig something 's wrong with scotty 's guy . the agent look at scotty ; see scotty be frustrate , brick what 's happen with pookie , scotty ? scotty I have no idea . morrio you should ; he 's you guy . you planr . and you responsibility . scorry ( sharply ) hey ! hey ! do not jump the gun , okay ?! park but there be something wrong with you guy , scotty ... int : cmb '' macy be '' ~ angle ~ night : 196 see all ] of the worker look at pookie like ha 's crazy now ; he 's do some yigorous jump jack -- int : fruit stand - back room surveillance - night 197 insert see the cmb sale room picture on monitor go up and down == brick what be this , scotty , some kind of secret code for help ? morrio ( piss ) ne , it 's a Black thing . angle 198 scotty pounce on morrio like a wild 4 imal , knock he to the ground with several punch . but morric be tough as hell , kick scotty in the chest , as everyone jump in , brick break if up ! we have to fight a mich bigger war in the street ... at that moment , all agent be draw to a voice from the monitor . log int ; cmb " macy be " - angle - night 199 gee money and dun duh duh have enter '' macy 's , '' and just stand , observe pookie — - gbe money ~ hey , fool ~~ what the fuck be yo do ? ... pookle ( huffing , puffing ) well , I be try to keep in shape , this isa tough job , and you gotta be in shape to do it , the worker in the room laugh uneasily . gee money and duh duk puh be poker - face , gee money this be not not gym . 200 int : fruit stand - angle - back room surveillance - 200 night all of the agent watch the floer of the omb of sale spartment go in and out of the monitor . pookie : ( '' o} ( on monitor ) the big japanese company like Sony and Toyota do provide a exercise break for they worker ... 201 int : omb " macy be " — angle ~ night 201 * pookie «+ . they believe a strong body make 2 strong mind . this workout also boost the worker ' morale ... see gee money and duh duh duh no over and snatch pookie off of the floor , ges money be furious . geb money you must think E be stupid ! you be high , mothexrtvocker , pookie lock bewildsred ; duh duh duh hold he and gee money kick he in the nut -- 202 int : fruit stand - angle - back room survezllance - 202 night the agent react to the scene on the moniter -- 202 203 204 205 65 * contd 202 scotty ( panic ) shit ! his cover be blow , morrio we gotta move , brick call in some backup now ! morrio do ag ha 's tell . int : cmb " macy 's " -— angle — night 203 pookie double over , as gee money snatch off pookie 's shirt . he see the wire , and how it 's connect to the belt . gee money rip the wire and belt off pookie . belt bucklse - monitor fall face - up on the floor , gaz money ( deadiy ) so you be five -o , huh ? ( to kareem ) put '' Dec. 7th '' in fli effeet for ten . alert all worker five -0 , ( to duh duh duh} take this boy and ( look down into video belt ) kill he three time ! pookie cry into monitor -- pookie {on monitor ) scotty ! 2 tell you I be gonna die ! omitted 204 int : fruit stand - back room surveillance - night 205 the tv monitor crackle , distort , and go black . Agents be startle , int ; cme '' macy be '' — night 205 gee money crush belt buckle with he heel . 66 " 204a int ; fruit stand - surveillance room - night 206a morrig ( suddenly alamsd } wait a minute . what 's this Dec. 7th shit ? brick ograb body armor ) Dec , 7th .+. Dec. ( realizina ) the day they bomb Pearl Harbor , scottry ( realize ) they get a fuck bomb !! morrio ( load weapon ) Dec. 7th for ten .a , ten minodte , that 's gotta be the evacthation time . if so , the resident of the Carter haye ten minute to evacuate or die , park ( freaking ) i'm call the bomb squad !! brick ilead pistol ) tt 'l take ‘em thirty - five minute to get here minimum . we get less than ten ! file scotty ( tq , morrio ) you be the plastic explosive techno expert always tinkering with shit , right ? morrio ( put on flac yest } you fuckin ' crazy ? my exposure to '' de-activate '' be minimal at best . besides , we do not know how sophis - ticate it be , we dni not aven know viiere it ist i'm not qualified to i... brick fexit ) you just get promote . 2065 kareem pace 2063 reflect in the digital counter vf the high tech bomb , it read 9:07 . 208 209 209a 2098 209 210 210 a 2108 210c 67 " series of angle 207 show all of the cmb workex break down the operation '' = system , '' macy 's , " atc . -- destroy ail drug paraphurnalia , ext ; seventh avenue and 151st STREET - angle - night 208 ser scotty and the other agent racing towards the Carter . dissolve to : series of angle 209 omitted 2092 , cmb worker lock down steel gate and vanish through 209b gecret hatchways . gee money '' = in the system room =- snatch all 205 '' floppy disk from a small box , duh duh duh be pour gasoline all over the xoom ; light a match . flame seem to lick at the camera . dissolve to : carter entrance = basement door = night 210 we quy ram open the door , brick in the lead . suddenly the cop stand next to morrio be shot down , head explode like a melon , brick return fire and try to restrain scotty , but too late ; scotty race right into ths mouth of burn building . a cmb gunman , use a pregnant tenant as a hostage , fire on scotty , merrio instantly lay down cover for scotty , expertly nail the gunman , Park and another cop follow they isad , int : cmb hallway -— downstair - carter and stalrway 216a scotty trace through smoking hallway , hustle a pew trapped tenant out and smashes through a steel gate . int : system room 2108 brick blast = cmb worker . morrio search for the bomb , int : cmb hallway 250 '' yerrio blow a heayy door with plastic explosive , save & scream child , and search for the bomb . 2i0c 241 211a 212 213 ala 214a 6a * contd 210c morrio {to himself ) where would ya put a homb to blow a building ? ... the foundation .. , the basement ! int ; enterprise ~ basement + night 211 scotty' Pov - a burning gauntlet of flame but no pookie and no bomb , scor ty ( bellow ) pookie ! ! close up = bomb 2ilé digital clock read 1:16 . extreme close up - duh duh duh 212 hide in the shadow , eye ablaze with hate , as septty race by , follow by another cop . suddenly duh duh duh 's huge hand strike like lightning , snatching in the cop like a rag doll , he snap he neck like a chicken and leave he slump tc the ground , lifeless . up abread 213 scotty blast through another gunman and dodge 2 fall support beam . scotty see the silhouette of aman sit in a chair , look over he shoulder , seatty , frantic , race forward . close up - pookie 214 dead , strapped to the chair , he ttead literally twisted 186 degree the wrong way ! duh dun duh creap forward towards scgtty 's back and 214a be about to leap from the shadow when a voice yell , morrio frefzb !!! hoth duh duh duk and scotty freeze as morria run forward just inch frém the hide duh duh duh man . scotty look up , eye fill with rage over pookie 's dsath , . morrio roll on he back and freeze . there , wire under pookie 's chair be a huge high tech bemb . it read 0.54 second . 69 % 214a conto 2147 morrig ( contd ) ( sweat bullet ) if you have touch pookie , we would be over , duh duh duh hide as brick , Parks and another cop pile into room , scorry ( nervous ) we find it . forty second to go . ( to morrio ) okay , man , do it . morro nconfuse ) there 's too many friggin’ wire , man ! | scorryr nstart to lose it ) then pick one ! ! brick ( try to stay calm ) scotty , be cool . scotty cool my ass , we get no fuckin ! time ! ) morrio ( freaking ) will everybody shut up ! closs up of duh duh duh man , and evil glint in he eye , as he hit the power switch . the alazm stop . the place go completely black . the only sound be the tick clock and pound heart . brick what the euck 's go on ?? morrio T can not see ! park someone 's in herel ! Jesus Christ someéone ! 's héerel ! morrio Light a fuckin’ match ! just then they hear a blood curdle scream as one of the cop get strangle . Parks start fire into the darkness at random , 70 " 214a contd 214a scomry ( light match ) next motherfucker move get a bullet in he ass ... ( to morrio} go ahead , man , make a choice , close up illuminate digital clock read 0,29 . morrio close he eye and slowly lift the whole bomb out from under the chair ; it 's connect at the base by three wire , a red , a white , and a black , morrio ( nervoug ) disconnect the black ... siowly . all the facea huddle together as scotty do as he 's tell , they heave a collective sigh of relief , scotty wait for further instruction , clock read 12 second . morric ( contd ) one of this be the ground , one be not . scorry well ? brick choose , clock read sight second . scotty reach for the red . morrio wairty clock read five second . scotty which one then , shit ?! horrio I do not know ! ! clock tead three saconds , wmorrio reach for the white , then hesitates , park two second leave , morrio touch the red , then the white again , scotty one second lert ! 214a 215 216 71 con'td 2148 morrio close he save , be the last second , pull the ? red .. , the tick stop . brick find the power switch ; the other cop be lay '' there dead , but no sign of anyone else in the room . omitted 215 int : mansion -— morning 216 nino and unigua be entwine in bed , they body naked , limp , and sweat , after make love . a warm summer wind ruffle the white linen sheet on they bed . the phone ring ; uniqua pick it up . uniqua hello ? int : gee money' bedroom ~ angle - day 217 gee money be hurt ~- angry , hearing unigqua 's voice , gee money T know I shoulda treat you like a prostitute , you be not nothin ' but a high - priced hoe , put nino on the phene , bitch . int ; mansion - day 218 unique motion fox ning the take the phone . he do not like be disturb from this relax moment -~ nino yeah ? gee money ( VC ) t know your have a good time , but we be infiltrate . nino ( angry ) what ?! gee money ( vq ) we have to shut the Carter down . ning get you ass out here now , dissolve to ; 219 220 724 bxt : graveyard - day 219 pookie 's funeral be a modest affair , just a few people ; couple of dea agent , police officer , homeless stand at the graveside as =~ the coffin be loware into the ground , angle = later 220 agitate , srick corral scotty and morrio off to the side . brick the governor and Washington be blame I for lose ten , dam near hundred of thousand of dollar in time , not. to mention manpower , the operation be a failure . we do not arrest any of the people , we do not get any evidence of the finances . ( beat ) now we could still be out there fight scum like nino except for two thing : I gamble on you and you gamble on a fuck crackneadl scotty lunge and grab brick by the lapel . morrio junp in , separate they , morriq that 's enough , mar ! scorty ofight back the tear ) I be sorry you lest you budget , but pookie 's mama lose 4 son . ( beat ) and I lose a friend . brick scotty , let it go , the operation 's over . scotty T can not leh tt go , do not you see what 's happen hers ? it 's 2 war go , shooteut on playground , kid die . scotty storm off . brick glare at morrio , then exit , we hold on morrio , the man in the middle , CUT to : 221 int : mansion - dine room - day 221 all of the brother be sit at the long oak tabie , in a tense meeting . wino be pace the floor , accompany by he rottweiler . he stop behind the chair of gee money , see gee money be wary . nino gee money , you fuck up big-time . you be incapable of run thing , nino whacks gee money across the back of he neck . gee money yelp , and jump to he foot , defensively . nino look at he like he 's crazy , as do everyone else in the room . nino ( contd ) sit you five - dollar ass down before T make change . gee money ( back down ) kareem bringht he to my attention 1 + '' we have 390 people work for we . I can not keep my eye on every single one of they , maybe if you be take care of business , instead of ... nino shoot a menace lock to gee money —- nino instead of what ? ... gee money wothing , suddenly nino strike out , pull the knife from he walk stick and stabbing kareem 's hand , pin it to the table , hs rap the dog 's chain leash quickly around kareem 's neck choke he . nino i neyer do like you , pretty muthafucka ! duh duh duh calm nine down , save kartoem 's life , wino ( conta ) you know , money , you slippin ' , you lattin ' some petty shit ilike who I be fuckin ! affect you , nine iock long an@ hard at gee honey ; gee money want to stare hin hack , but drop his eye -— 221 contd 221 nino [ eont ) . Brothers , something like this can never happen again ... never , dissolve to : 221a int : scotty' loft - day a 21p soctty pummel the heavy hag viciously as morrio once again pick the lock enter , he stare at scotty , scotry you be not invite and I be not in the mood to talk . morrio ( put on glove ) ya know I be italian . , . my ancestor bring a lotta drug into this country , I hate every one of that fuck that keep the supply line goin 's . scorry ( box morric ) you want I to ory for you fuck up history ? suddenly morrio knock scotty en he ass . morrio one : [ know what you be feeling , man ; I have be there . two : T convinoad grick .. , he 's give we more time to nail ninc . scorry ( knock morrio down ) Three : neyer drop you guard , 222 omitted 222 222a ext : alley behind frankie' strit joint - night 222p frankie Needles swagger owt of the back door , out of nowhere , scotty grab he , and oxrio put a gun to he temple , flash he badge . norrio behind door number cone , you body be find bust up , and stinking , scorry or decr number two you hook mé up with gee money and gollect reward , Nina srawn . 222a conto 222a frankie tgrin ) well , let 's make a fuckin’ deal , , monte . 2228 int : frankib be strip join ? ~ night 2226 a sexy stripper dance on the bar in bg , frankie have he arm drape around morrio whe , with he hair slicked back and boss suit , look surprisingly like a handsome frankie clone . gee money sit across from scotty who have be transformed into '' carlos rivera , " complete with neat five - o' clock shadow . frankie ( playfully cuffing mortrio ) we ttaldan boy get to stick together or the spic and ' the mouly here will be runnin’ everything . morrio ( joke , hide he disgust ) guide 's ef the world unite . gee money ( concerned ) frankie , I warn wino not to ... frankie lentte he off } hey , listen , I be outa line too «ss but you and I , we always have a understandin ' , besides , I need a haircut , ( indicate morrio} now my cousin and he friend here be hungry , and tf get a feel they could give you a sweeter deal than any peruvian ; enough to mayne throw in a little finder 's fee for frankze , huh ? gee money ( to Morris ) if I decide to swing with you offer ... scorry ( interrupt ) yo , you insisted on meeting my supplier , that 's okay . you meet he . but from now on , if we deal , you deal with mar , 222b 222¢c 76 * contd 222b Morris nod , agree . gee money patise , then turn to scotty . gee . money you will cut I a side deal , twenty percent . you will he obligate to report to I and I only . gimme you number , scotty scribbles he number on a napkin , gee money grin . gee money ( contd ) ( pause ) now before I consider this offer seriously , I think we haye the inititate this two boy «.. right , frankie ? frankie Needles grin ominously . scotty and morria be shitting brick . frankie {cold ) no other way . ( to. morric ) you choose fire or ica ? morrio ( hesitate ) hey , I do not get this shit ... scotty glare at he . morrid ( contd ) okay , .. pire , they all look to scotty , scorry ( calm ) Ice . cur to ; int : freak room = nicnt 222c frankie lead the guy through the club into the freak room , the black light reveal sexy lady everywhere handle the special client . gee money ( slapping frankié on back} ¥o , prankie , I can not tell you haw much I miss you wop ass ! 222¢ 223 - 225 226 227 7 ° contd 222¢ a gorgeous oiie girl come up to they with flame red hair and shamelessly unbutton morrio 's shirt , erankte this 's be Fire ! scotty and morrie share a look , when suddenly a gigantic , muscle lady - yrestler -typr with silver mane of hair and gestring , block scotty 's path , tower over he , gee money and this be ica ! Ice drag scotty off before God get the news ; the other guy , include morrio , can not help break into hysterics , unnotice , frankie slip to a phone , pick it up ... franele Don amato ? wino be about to itch ! omitted 223 - 225 ext : bill robinson basketball court - day 226 it 's a beautiful late -spring day . wino and gee money ar engage in a fierce one - on - one basketball game , they be push , shoviny , elbow each other , angle = young kide cheer nino on , nino frown at they , niho yo , shut the fack up ! angle - duh duh duh , keisha , and karbem 227 look on , a bit embarrassed -- angle =. nino 228 go up for a lay - up ; knock gee maney to the ground in the process , gee money yol fuck be up ? neno shut up and play ball , angle - scotty 229 approach wino and gee money on the court . nino look at scotty -~ and then cut he eye teward the brether -— 231 78 * angle - brother 230 go for they gun , keep a wary eye on scotty -- scotty / rivera ( Spanish accent ) e+ . the candy js sweet . although keisha , duh duh duh and kareem do not take they hand off of they firepower , all of the brother relax a bit , except for kaream . he eye scotty like he 's see he before . karegm {to keisha ) yo , T 'ye seenhim semewhere before , gee money Mr. rivera , I presume . scotty extend he hand . before they can shake , nino knock they hand away ~- scotty be offended . scotty / rivera { Spanish accent } what up , bro ' ? nino T don' know who you really be , bre’ , that 's what up , I know you be suppose to be this new contact , but T do not trust you . '' 0 get the fuck outta here , scotty try to calmly protest , but nino snap he finger , and all the brother -~ even nino and gee monéy -- train they gun on scotty — — wing ( contd ) money , I want you to escort Mr. rivera we of the court and off the block . if he try anything , lullaby he . gee money smile , nod hia head . he escort scotty out ef Bill Robinson , gun in the small of he hi -k - gee money do not forget we discussion in frankie 's , I be go to be the next kingpin , omitted 231 232 233 234 236 - 237 237a 7a " angle ~ gee money - day 232 sit on the edge of the bed , sweat ; the hand hold he " glass dick " / crack pipe , be shaking , he talk nervously on a european - style telephone -- gee money ( excited ) e« - that 's right , nino , I check he cut , he 's cooler than a fan and he product be sixty percent less than what the brother be payin 's new , that will free up a lot of money to do more thing ... ext : limo crutsing on major deegan expressway - day 233 inside limo duh duh duh be beside nino who talk on the cellular phone to gee money -- ning «~» . like take over another city project . let 's roll with it , and get stronger ... int : gse money' aedrqom - day 234 gee money be even more enthuse -- gee money .«. most definitely ... int : ninof limo - angle ~ day 235 ning but Zt1l tell you something , money -~- omitted 236 ° 237 int : warerouse - day 237a bauhaus , expose beam , wire , big cailing . scotty -- bare - chest and sweat -- nervously be bound and gag in a chair , as keisha and duh duh duh have nine millimeter at sach one of he temple , ning { vo ) if he be a cop , I be gonna kill he , and then T be qohna kill you -- oross fade into : 238 240 242 80 angle 2338 kareem smashes scotty 's belt btickle carefully , then break the heel off scotty 's shoe , look for a transmitter -- hareem it 's a regular shoe , boss . angle 239 relieved , scotty laugh through he gaq , . reluctantly , so do the other . nino pull gag off of scotty 's mouth . scotty / rivera you watch teo much '' get smart , '' bro !. nino ( tickle ) you might be right . but I be always careful , now , let 's do business . nino wnty scotty , shake he head . ext ; block party - day 240 early afternoon in June , the construction be finish on the moab Community Center , lenox and seventh avenue ( on ldist Street ) have be block of£ for this block party , angle 24t as teddy riley masic shake block down , reverend oate be give a speech in front of the spanking naw facility drape with brightly color streamer , middle - aged and elderly people gather around reverend oate as he speak , but the young adult , teens and kide eat hot dog , burger , and ice cream , begin to gravitate toward a expensively - dress nine Brown , who be walk into the block with the Cash money Brothers . dissolve to : ext ! newsstand — day 242 % smack dab in the middle of ehe block . the old man from the frazier parade at the counter * check the paper . a young black kid sweep the fliser ; two young black kide rush over , kide ( breathless ) ¥o ! he 's out there ! with the bee -em . givin ' away free stuff ! ha it fs 244 gir contd 242 kid throw down he broom . owner come out from the back . onner whe be ? kide thr money man ! nino Brown ! he 's on the block ! rid be about to run outside with he friend . old maw git yo " ass back here . reluctantly , kid come back , there Pov - nino brown 243 surrounded by ador young fan , he thrive on the attention , sign autograph . hand out gift - wrap present . back to scene 244 Old man and newsstand owner freeze , qunter rave mercy on we , . , he 's like Michael . Jackson to they , .. old man what you expect .. , the paber and tv be playin’ he up , owner : gne boy tell I that nino be beatin " the white man at he own game .. , old man sonofabitch be a embarrassment to all black people . owner you know it . olo man the white man love a ignorant bastard like he ; one who feed he people genocide in silk suit and fancy car . newsstand owner continue stare out . 244 ccontd 244 Old man remove a wear german luger from he jacket pocket ; load the gun , and then quietly slip it back in he pocket , newsstand owner return to he cash reqister . the old man leave and walk into the street . owner watch he go , move by the truth of what the oid man say , 245 ext : STREET - day 245 Young people gather around , nino be flanke by the brother , include gee money , duh duh duh and scotty / rivera . Old man come out of the newsstand . camera follows he to the edge of the group . obd man I wanna talk to nino Brown . scop ? y / rivera I be not like that , popi , qld man grab scotty by the lapel , old man teil he I wanma talk ... Old man telease scotty , who look at he like he 's crazy . _ old man ( contd ) right nowl ! people take notice . 246 scotty' Pov = nino 246 move up the sidewalk . uh duh duh and gee money pnsh through , follow by keisha and kareem , who be acknow - ledging and goof with the onlooker . 247 hold 247 old man T have come the haunt nine drown , keisha ( for other ) haunt yourself , old man . volce better step off , grandpa . pick around and get you geritol ass fuck up . Word . , . 24 ? 43 contd 24a7 kareem take hold of the old man' arm . remarkably agile for he age , old man punch karsem in the mouth . scream , shout , wooos , kareem fall to the concrate . several people take hold of the old man who keep scream at nino -— old man tdol worshipper ! you pray to that white genie in the bottle , you be kill people with you white wwitcheraft , that little devila you put in little bottle . youse a idolater ! reverend oate be embarrassed ; he try to sneak out of the block , but be unsuccessful . voice # i [ os ) what you know about this , reverend oate ? voice # 2 ( 05 ) it 's a shame before God ; he in league with a drug dealer , voice # 3 ( 05 ) »« like shaking hand with Satan ... duh duh dub step up and smack the old man in the jaw , voice yo , kullaby the old bastard , put an to sleep , nino wave people aside , move to the old man who 's sprawle on the sidewalk , stands over he menacingly . nino lock at you . in a yaar or two , they will be mark you tombstone . but I will be around , Old man slowly stand , gather himself . old man this kid , all this peaple run up and gather ' round you like you God almighty . like you love they , demon be not get no love , a4 247 = sontd 247 nino what you gonna give they ? some of the same empty yang you riffin ' to I ? youse a old fool . nino tum and start to walk away -' duh dah doh block the old man 's path -~ 248 insert - old man' hand 248 reach for gun in he pocket . 249 angle - old man 249 femeve rusty Geman luger , and be about to fire on nino << 250 angle = scotty / rivera 250 as the ola man 's gun jam , scotty rung up behind old man and push he the the ground -- duh duh duh , kareem , keisha and gee money draw automatic pistol from they pants and train they on the old man , more scream and people scatter in eyery direction . scotty / rivera ( quietly , to old man ) do not do that ; popi ... come on , now .56 nino swagger back , starina a ¢hallenge at the old man , newsstand owner and kid emerge from he shop to take the old man' arm . sdotty relinquish he hold as the owner and kid escort the old man back into the shop . pull back , leave nino and he crew freeze in a monstrous tableau on the sidewalk ~+ the ruler of New Jack City . pan up to ice - blue sky -~ * 251 omitted 251 oissolve to ; 2514 int : indgor pool - day 251a * as nino dive into the pool , when he step out , a beautiful oriental girl hand he a towel . he take another sip of cristal , as 251a \conto 251a 2518 2sic wing this be some fly shit , huh ? like some James cagney , George raft - type shit , scolty / rivera that 's how you livin’ , bro’ ; like a giant . nino lead scotty into the steam room where they get a Korean geisha massage . int : steam room 2518 ning yo , good look - out , duke , a that madness that happen earlier , gee money fuck up again . he should haye see it come , that old man waa serious about tryin' to do I . scotty / rivera here 's something you might not find zo funny , bro ' , you boy =~ gee money ? nino yeah . scotty / rivera he try to cut a side deal with I . nino be very angry , but check himself in Front of scotty , nino well - well - well-un-um-um , can not trust nobody , huh ? scotty / rivera I get you back . ntno ( surprised ) yeah ? you da ? cur to : bxt : bayh house ~ rooftop - night zsic the star glisten , as wino and scotty sit on lawn chair -~ folly drease , impeccably @ress , continue they '' conversation from the steam bath -— - b& 261ce conntd 251c nino get up and walk up to the rim of the raof ; look over and down -- : rino 's Pov =~ human ant , toy car , tiny blinking light the view of a giant -~ nino take a swig ; he 's startin’ to get nice -— finger a beautiful leather African pendant around he neck += nino no education , no job , no hope , just say no ? what the fuck could I have say yes the ? I be the embodiment of free enterprise . the american dream come true , scotty / rivera ts sell drug like we do a dream or a nightmare , bro ' ? nino Society deny I the chance to get in on the bottom , so I come in at the top my own way . I be a business - man just like the capone , the vescos , the head of state . we make we own heaven and hell right here on earth , ( pause ) I be bear in hell . scotty / rivera we have not see hell yet -- this ara be just the beginning of sorrow -— + a beat , he take a swig ; look down -- angle . human ant '' nino ( os ) I feel like a fuckin " giant ; '' feel Z could just squish they ant , like it be not nothin ! -- I feel there would be no retribution at all -= I be invincible , ( beat ) you ever feel like that ? tike you could do shit , and get away with it ? scotty / rivera ne o- — 87 251c contd 251 '' nino come on , doke ; you never do something so fuck - up that you get away with it , and you never tell nobody -~ scotty / rivera well , one time , it put on this ski - mask , and buy a toy .355 magnum , and rohb this grocery store -- Mr. broadnax , I get a bag of potato chip , I get hit oy a oar the next year . nino be amuae . nino se ? what be that suppase to mean ? scotty / rivera it mean that life be a pirelli tire do ninety mile a hour on the p , D ,r , whatever go around , come around . nino that 's deep , scotty / rivera you turn . nino take a long swig from the bottle ; he place it down gently on the rug , he look troubled . nino when TI be sixteen , I be in tais ' crew call the l.a , boy . one day -- nino 's voice be falter -- scotty be almost hold he breath . nino ( contd ) they say I have to prove my loyalty * by killing semebody . , i say , " a enemy , or what ? '' he say , " no , that 's too easy , [ t 's gotta he a ordinary person . " so i. go down to llp3rd Street , get a bag of Red Devil angei bust , smoke , and get crazy zoct . I walk up -- ( clear he ' throat ) . ( more ) ab* 251c contd 251¢ 252 nino ( contd ) on this lady -- I do not know who she be , and I be so high , I do not care ~= come ont of p.s. 200 -- look of terror , and shock on scotty 's face , scotty drop he head -- he 's strain to control himself , nino ocont ) jughead have the gun plant on this junkie he be uging to take out other junky who owed he money . ( beat ) you mast think I and a demon , huh ? scotty 's eye -- pure hatred . int ; spotlite - day 252 revelry . jubilant . raucous . ' the patron of the club be tuxedo down , Hugo boss , armani ; silk white jacket , black silk pants . keisha and other women look flyin ' in white dress . a haute couture gangster dream . basshouse bugaloa be pump from the sound system . angle ~ a table pile with exquisitelywrapped gift , and envelope mark : " ¥o the newlywed . " angle — neno sit like a African chieftain in a finelv-erafted , high - back mahogany chair ; Benin and ibo culture semiotic be carve into the am and leg of the chair . nino hold the leash of he dog at he foot . the GROOM come over , hug nino . nino hand hima fat envelope ; groom embrace wino , walk off , angle - ' reverend oate dress impeccably as a Methodist minister in smock and robe , approach wine , reverend oate it 's the time , son , nino motice scotty be go . 83 252a int : spotlite office = bay 252a scotty unlock a window , expertly blip in a piece of copper from he pocket to connect the alarm current and not set it off , nino ( 0s ) yo , rivera ; where be you ? it 's time to step ! 2528 scotty leave . as he reenter main club room , 25238 kareem smoke he over ; still can not remember where he 's sean scotty before . scotty join everyone , wind where be you ? scotty get some shit out of the syetem . everyone look at each other , puzzle ; then they laugh , except kareeti , ning well , when you gotta go , you gotta go . dissolve to : 252 c int : cathedral - day 252 '' a wedding , it 's beautiful ; black people dress right out of the page of g.o. and blle . pan icon and stain - glass of church . reverend oate and he daugater , flower girl procession lead by a doll«like six - yfar -old . the groom , 252d int : spotlight office ~ day 2520 intercut this scene as need , a ) morrio expertly climb into the spotlite office + window that scotty leave open , B ) he search office , crack safe . c ) morrie narrowly escape the wrath of nino 's dag - who surprise he . D ) morrison eventually steal a floppy disk mark '' pinanctal report . " smash CUT to : 2525 453 254 - 260 26i 262 263 264 on angle - alta 2525 the ceremony . reverend oate conduct the ceremony . the man and woman exchange vow , ring , kiss and glue to each other forever . amen . ext : granth tomb 253 angle - singer billy boss sing something as excited folk celebrate , drink and eat refreshment , a full - ovt party . angle = tno car pull up near the church , unnotice . two italian hen get out , in dark glass , speak on walkientalky . omitted 254 - 260 ert : grant 's tomb - day 261 side angle — outside suddenly a little kin scream . people come run as ' duh duh duh stumble in the crowd bleed , i another angle ~ outside 262 blood and automatic oun Fire everywhere . angle — frightening confusion 263 the wedding people eat ran for cover , in doorway , in alley , under war , angle =~ italian 264 be really hit man from the armeteo family , armed with usis and AK - 47 , they spray the sidewalk with bullet , angle - GROOM 2644 jump in front of he wife ; withdraw badge and gun , GROOM i'm a police officer ; put you hand -- he be cut to shred with bullet . wis brand new widow serean , run for cover , omitted 265 266 267 268 269 270 272 272a 91 angle - reverend oate 266 wamp into 4 nearby dumpster for caver , angle ~ nino , gee money , keisha , kareem , scorty / 267 riviera erouch and line up behind a Jeep , fire om the italian . angle 268 in the heat of battle , scotty realize he have a clear shot at nino . he raise he gun , point it at nine 's head -~ nino { vo ) T do not stay to see she hody drop ; i just run , -- change he mind ; he return fire at the italian , angle = retsha 269 nail one of the italian with two shot that pierce he chest . angle = italian 270 scramble to get back inside they car and hightail it out of the biock . angle -— keisha 271 break rambo-style -- a uzi im one hand , a AK - 47 in the other , she run into the street fire at the ttalian , savagely take down two more . angle ~ one of the ttalian 272 take careful aim , and cut keisha down in the middle of the street , blood pour all over she body , as she fall limp in the street , angle = nino 272a see one of the italian aim at he ; he run to qrab the Little flower girl from the arightened sacent ' grasp . we run for coyer , use she as a shielé . she be cut open like a water balloon . her £ather try to help he baby , he be kill , angle - mother scream . tn shock , cy a a 2738 274 92 ' series of quick image 273 pink ribbon skid in the breeze . be mother , father and toddler daughter lie lifeless and bloody on tenement stoop . gee money cradling keisha 's head in he be , cry . duh duh duh be try to say something ; Nano mova in closer -- duh duh duh ( weaklyj they say . , , Don armeteo want to say ... hello ... angle - scotty 273 lock at wino , and can not believe how much of a monster he be . int ; judge's chamber - day o7a JOHN lawson sit on a desk , examine the floppy disk . brick stand next to he , brick lawson and myself go way back to law school . he 's be assign as the prosecute attorney . scorry you know that sonofabitch use a little girl as he bulletproof vest . brick he 's still ' gonna fall . ' ' morrio ° \{ , opall out photo ) sook like they have take over the blisington already . lawson we have get to take he down right once and for all . ( hold up disk ) this be a start , but it 's not enough , 274 275 - 277 278 33* contd 274 scotty ( piss ) what about pookie 's videa ? ~ lawson I have go over it . it help , but it 's still not enough .. , .. because ning 's not in any of the video tape at the Carter . he 's become Mr. untouchable , scorry so , how many more people have to die , man ? IL conlda kill this muthafucka today , myself ! lawson can we catch he in a drug buy or get 4a witness not afraid to testify in court and commect all the dot ? nino 's get incredible connection . can we nail any of they ? tie they to Nina ? scorrty listen . we set the Brothers up to buy from I and I have make sure nino do not trust gee money . morrto well , get it ali on film , omitted 275 - 277 int : spotlite office - day 278 angle — nino seat in he royal African throne : drink from a bottle ef cristal with one hand , hold on to the axmh rest tightly with the other to keep from go eff on selina ; scotty , gee money , duh ouh buh and kareem sit around unonmfortebhly . wait for wino to explode . angle '' selina pace back and forth , read nino he rights . selina T love you , but I can not take it anymore , nino . the blood , the carnage , the lie . you parade ( more } 278 279 280 281 contd 278 selina ( contd ) that bitch uniqua in front of I , in front of everybody , like it be not oothing . after all I have do for you -- in a flash , nino get up , leave hook she ; as she be down on the floor , he shake up the bottle of champagne piss down on she . she be drench , furious , selina ( contd ) ( ferion } anathema the you soul ! scotty help she tp . selina brace herself against scotty ... glare ast flino . scotty escort she out . wino be unaffected , nino . cancel that bitch . i'11 buy another one . ( beat ) i do not believe in that superstitious shit , anyway . insert - duh duh duh ‘s hand 279 wrap in bandage , back to scene 220 nino fon phone ) «ee what do vou mean , you make I ... ext : spartan '’s social club - day 281 a storefront on East 116th Street , a few middle - aged , portly italian men -- some in silk suit , some in colorful knit shixt and porkpie hat -- sit on lounge chait in front of spartan 's . don armeteo , if a money - green silk suit , pace the cenerete , speak on a cellular phone , don armeteo we make you , .. ye give you every — thing . shagagay 's , the spotlite , the street corner . you get cute , nigga , and so have to gat spanke ... int : spotlite office - day 2392 nine be steam , 282 234 285 286 287 - 292 2518 95 contd 282 nino sa . I invent crack . zt own this city , you fuckin’ spaghetti-eatin ' , slicked - back , greasy nhaire bitch -- nino hear the phone click , Don axmeteo hang up , nino neds to duh duh duh , ext : spartan' social club - day 283 Don armeteo and he man share a laugh about something . angle - a high - tech motorcycle 294 roar fast down 115th Street -- another angle - two men 285 dress in all black , and black nood -- one literally riding shotgun with he back to the driver , and hold two uzis -— be zoom down the street , before the de and he man in Front of the spartan can react , the motoreycis be on the sidewalk ; a torrent of automatic fire kill the don and every single man in front of the club , burst of blood like red rain pour into the gutter , the motorcycle jet off as quick as it come . int : spring valley mansion - bedroom - night 286 angle — nino sit on a lounger near the bed , he black executioner 's hood in one hand , stroking he black rottweiler with the other , he have one of selina 's tarot card in he hand . close up - the card of death we push in on he evil face , omitted 287 - 291 * ext : rooftop — day 291a across the street from the garage , Park look through a high - power video camera at all the activity go on in the garage , 92 292a 2928 292 96 int ; garage - day 292 close up = trunk gf bmy tzxunk open , hand reach in to pull out a briefcase . pan up to revead scotty . sccorry ( pause , coolly ) so where 's my money ? wing {cold as ice ) open the briefcase , ext : STREET / int ; unmarked police car - day close up = morrio and brick look tense , morrio , _ * {into walkie- talkie ) what the fuck 's take he so long ? ext rooftop - day 23925 Park watch through a scope , park {in walkie- talkie ) nine 's not move ... shit : int ; garage — day 2926 scotpy ( try to keep he cool ) I think we be friend , '' nino this be not personal . Friends be friend . ( move in ) this be business . kareem hold up a briefcase of money as the brother ehaft uneasily , as if rex ay for anything close up ~ scotty nervous as hell as he open up he own briefcase . scorry it *=e all here , man . 2392 c¢ 292d 2925 ( 37 contd 292 '' close up - kareem watch scotty as scotty reach inta the case , pull aut the dope . suddenly kareem flash hack to the playground where he first see scotty . kareem yo , I know I know rivera -= he 's pive ~0l gee money break away from nino and leap out . toward camera . he push nino into the warehouse , cee money Ditch it ! ey , nino hesitates , look in both direction , run into the *- darkness of the warehouse with gee money . a co ext : STREET = day '' 292 p ca Police car screech to a halt , surround the building , some circle back around to cut it off , morrison , Park and brick ali jump from they car , gun draw . int : garage = day 2925 wino , gee money and kareem start to run out the entrance and be pursue by law enforcemént officer . another angle . duh duh duh fire wildly at»a couple of the agent , miss , morrison eire at duh duh 's duh , hit he twice in the head , once in the chest ; duh duh duh fall to the ground , bloody and lifeless , angle nino and kareem get away . gee money try to shoot it out with grick ; he get wounded in the shoulder , he put " two " in brick -- gee money escape . angle - scotty xun over to a bleed brick ; cradle he head in he hand -- scotty come on , hang in , man . 26 * 292e contd 2925 292f morrio {to a cop ) get a ambulance ! brick spitsup bload , int : hospital - night 29af overhead shot ~ scotty sit sy brick ' side brick be asleep and hook up to tube , but scotty just seem content to be near he old friend , morrig be there , too . suddenly brick stir ; it take a moment but he recognize scotty and beckon he closer . scottry Rest , man , no need to talk , brick se ... scotty . scorry it 's cool , Rest , man . scotty smile , hold back emotian , brick hey scotty ; get nino before he get you ... '' by any mean necessary . " brick close he eye , fatigue , as mackintosh , a elder high - rank officer entsr the room , mackintosa ( gold ) detective applegate and morrio ? both cop nod the affirmative . mackintosh ( contd ) ipiss ) the operation have be terminate , ( more ) 292f 253 - 294 294a 39 % con td. 292 F mackintosh ( contd ) eoth of you be suspend ... and when brick feel better , let he kpow he status be under review . scotty react , piss , but morrio hold he back as mackintosh exit the room . CUT tor omitted 293 - 294 brt : scotty' loft -— night 294a two tiny figure sit on top of sactty 's dome loft . push in ; it 's morrico and scotty overlook a twinkle Manhattan , drunk as shit . scotty break the silence , play a beautiful tune on a old harmonica , then stop . scorr ty ( pensive ) you know , I do gat pookie kill . morrto you be on some new self - pity shit . I be not with it . ( beat ) what happen to the war we be suppose to fight ? seotty just shake he head . sscorry . do not you see we be lose the war ? morrio qrab scorty , shake tim . 234a contr ipo * 294a morrtio you be the one who cail it a war , remember ? ( beat ) get a brother , Anthony , he 's a fuckin ' vegetable . in ' 7 ? he smoke a bag of dust he buy from a dago . he jump off we roof . he think Avenue U have tume inta a pool , scotty be surprised ; feel sorry for morrio . 3945 ext : scotty I be sorry , ahab . I do not know -- morrig ( interrupt ) you freakin’ assume , like my father do a month before tony 's Olympic dive , dad use to sit around the dinner table , talkin ' about how the jungle bunny in harlem be go crazy with the angel Dust , serewin ' up he construction site , ( beat ) wall , scotty , that 's what 's fuck up about America , the only way to tear down the wall , to beat nino Brown , be to take the war to he . later for this by - the-books cop shit . let 's go after he as fuckin’ outrage member of the community . scorry I see why brick put we tagether . we be both too far motherfuckin ' eut to save the world , macomb bridge - night 25948 wino be look through the mesh fence into the murky depth , toy with the handle of he deadly walk stick . gee money walk towards he , approach cautiousiy , nervously . 2948 contd ioe 294b gee money ( awkward ) how you livin ' , my brother ? nino 's eyss turn inta dagger -- gee money ning . ( raw ) you cut a muthafuckin ! ' side deal with he , do not you ? be visibly shocked by this revelatioy , gee money who tell you -- he tald you that shit ? ofumble for word ) wino look at . cain , my brother 's keeper ; stumblin ' ! and fumblin‘ . dae not lose no sleep over it . I be net go to wait for he to find I , I be go to find he , angle ~ ino grab gee pull out money . money by the lapel , reach in he pocket , a crack pipe oyser a emotionally - break gee vino and I know you be not , sither -- fuckin ' with this shit -- nino toss pipe over the bridge 's mesh fence ; it fall into the murky depth , nino ( conta ) now I see how you let that mutha - fucker infiltrate ; you be use , you fool , but I 'ili tell you some - thing that can keep I from kill you tight new . you better kil 's that gop and kill he dead , money . or E be go to kill you . nino walk off int the night , as gee money shudder on the ground , dissolve to : 295 = 206 307 307a 102+ omitted 295 - 306 ex " : STREET - day 307 morrio and seotty amble along munch pizza , in last night 's clothes , morrio ( serious ) somethin ' I be meaning to ask you ; that chick , Ice *- do you bust the poo-poo , or what ? scotty ( laugh , patting he butt ) man , kiss the baby . they turn a corner . scotty stop in front of a school , pensive . ext : bs . 200 schoglyard - day 3074 morrio you mom waa @ principal here , right ? scotty leok at morrio as if to say , '' how would you know ? " morrto ( contd ) ( walk ahead ) I be a cop , remember . beatty watch as some of the beautiful child play with the teacher , teacher tf you just say no , what be you go to say yes to ? yes to education . kide ( in. pledge allegiance unison ) we say yes to aducation , we say yes to dedication . we climb up to a higher station of new spiritual motivation to make a positive impact on we nation . dissolve tu : 307a 308 303 gio 311 312 313 - 316a 103 ' contd 307a angle — scotty lean om the chain link fence , and smile at all of the electric activity of the youth , until he look down at he foot -- the smile fade -- insert = empty crack vial , and there . colored top 30 angle - scotty 302 sadly read he mother 's word of wisdom , a interesting , hand - paint sign on thé chain link , insert - sign 340 '' each grade you child graduate represent another step in there future . " ~ geneva appleton principal 1964-1976 angle - a jeep 311 pull slowly , quietly axound ' the corner of the schaol . cy int : jeep 31 gee money take a hit off of a crack pipe ; he eye be glassy , he take out a uzi and roll down the window . teenager from newspaper stend be at the wheel -- gee money lean sut of the window , fire , simultaneously . morrio knock scotty to the ground , gee money hit a e school kid , but miss scotty . angle scotty rpll on ground , remove he uzi handgun , and fire several round into the Jeep that have beyun to try and jet off , angle ~ jeep move in a straight line , beg : \s. gigzaga and crash into sebnol wall . ff both gee money and the kid '' be dead . omitted a13 - alea 316aa boat basin sleaa * 3168 alec 316ce 316D 3145 1oa '' ext ; harlem block ~ night 3i6b seotty run up on the stoop we see in the beginning of the film -- we replay the exact same scene , only this time we see that the cop who 's ask where Nina life be , in fact , scotty . as before , scotty corner the tall kid in the alley , but this time we play out he whole speech . tall kid ( xight into camera ) yeah . I know where the fuck wino life . he beat this kid who be gsceramblin ' for he with a louisville slugger , pour gasoline on he and set he on fire after he short he $ 5.00 , ( tear in he eye ) I hope one gf you cop will kill that metherfucker . he 's upstairs , apartment 6c , but watch out , he have a bodyguard on the roofi ext : nino' rooftop - night 315 '' one of nino 's bodyguard light e Cuban sigar . suddenly a long cord wrap around hia neck , morrio choke he with lightning speed , scotty snatch thse man 's cigar and take a puff , horrio then remove a high - tech sub - machine gun with laser and silencer and tun back inside building . in 's : ' roof staircase - night 3 lecc morrio take out two of nino 's bodyguard , int : wino' secret apartment ~- night 316D plush studio -= nino be in he boxer on sofa ; and uniqua kissing he stomach «~ he dog watch they curiously , then bear something upstairs ; he look out window , ext : build - night 3165 crowd begin to form ; familiar face in crowd -- Old man , the widow , Mrs , gather -- whose daughter nino use as a shield in wedding gunfight -- the tall kid from the stoop , and other — — scorty 's Pov - the window literally rush at we with lightning speed , 105 316f ent : apartment 316 F 3166 3168 the window explode as seotty come swinging through , riding on the bodyguard , nino go for he qun , blast he own man as scotty bail . the dog surprise scotty , leaping up , clamping scotty 's arm in a death grip , but scotty burn the shit out of he snont with the cigar , as suddenly nino kill the light , ear eaaa go silent except for the sound of the whining og . seotty 's heart race . suddenly uniqua lash cut with a butcher knife , scotty duck and punch she out cold . she falis over the couch . out of nowhere nino jump down from a balcony , fire . scotty roll . they go for each other like wild man , tooth and nail , as the weapon skid out of reach , wino get the best of he , the guy can really fight ; he be bruise scotty up pretty bad . just as ning be about to finish he off -- scotty fight brutally , jailhouse - street . cur to : ext : nino' FIRE escape 316g as the sun start to come up . window fly open -— scotty drag Nina out onto the dateel fixe escape , still whipping he , scorry % tiere be you ant , insect King , ( louder ) I gst you ant , for you —~ angle - sidewalk 316h scotty ( a beat ) this be the one you would squash and kill -~ with no retribution -— tis be not business , bitch ... this be personal , angle - scotty be beat 4 bruise , bloody and almast -- with the exception of he boxer short -- butt — - naked wino down by a tire hydrant . scotty rip African pendant from nino 's neck -= crowd react . 106 % 3i6h contd 3168 scorry how can you poison we peaple and wear the mother of Africa pendant ? you do n'r¢ desarve it ! voice 41 rill the motherfucker . voice # 2 the murderer of we community , of we child . baby in carriage and stroller wail -- angle - scotty he be craze , he begin to beat cown nino some mora as group #gg he on , morrio join scotty . crowd {as one ) kill he ! kill he ! suddenly brick ' car screech around the corner and speed down the block . brick leap aut of the car , arm in a sling , follow by selina . just asa seotty be about to administer the death blow , brick , grab scotty , restrain he . brick no , scotty . I can not go out like this . both morrio and scotty moye to do nino until ; selina ( strong ) rill he and you be no better ' than he be ... I will testify against he . nino glare death at ner , selina ( contd ) that 's right , even if it mean my life I will testiz , ; , win ( whisper to scotty ) I will be out in a week , you be a dead man . 317 - omitted alf= az2 332 333 334 335 107 int : bronx county courthouse - MAIN courtroom - day 333 pan a oorz of twelve ; a cross section of Black , White and latino peogle , hear vo of State prosecuter John lawson . lawson ( vo ) we be here today to prove beyond a yeasonable doubt , that ning Brown be guilty as charge ; ten count o£ drug rraffick , one count of assault with intent to commit murder , and three count of first - degree homicide . lawson address jury , lawson ( contd ) it be you duty as juror -~ respectable citizen of the community to decide whether this man be innocent or guiity . angle - spectator ' gallery - bronx courthouse pack with spectator , comrade of cmb , victim of omb . selina , kareem , frazier , reverend oate , and frankie Needles sit right behind the pressctuion table , angle - defense table a nervous but cautious nino with he lawyer , jed kurtz , 2 smamm -meister in a armani suit , angle - prosecution table a anxious morrio , a pensive scotty , even brick , he arm in a sling . angle - spectator ' gallery montage scene 334 kareem on Witness stand be grill by lawson , fragier on witness stand . frankie Needles on witness stand . selina on witness stand , in tear . selina 'e , he be all that thing and more , dissolve to : angle ~ ning on witness stand 335 question by lawson , nino look like a rat back into a corner . los $ 35 contd 335 danson Mr , Brown , you have hear all of the witness !' testimony . do you still maintain you be not guilty as charge ? nino ( pause ; defiant ) that 's right , ' you be guilty . , . ( as the court react ) yeah , lawmaker like you and politician . and colombian druq tord who all lobby against make drug legal just like they do * with alcohol during prohibition be guilty . this scenario be bigger than just nino Brown 's , this be the american way ..+ angle - face of jury¥ despite they better judgement , some be impressed by nino 's testimony , morrio and scotty seem concarn . back to scene lawson ( hand some photo to mino} Mr. Brown , I be sure the court have be enlighten by you geo - political tirade , but unfortunately , socisty at large be not on trial here . , . you be on trial , Mr , Brown , another angle ~ lawson show bicture of dead girl to the court . larson Mr. Brown , be you or be you not head of the murderous drug-deal cartel , gmb , that be responsibls for this child 's death ? ( as he 's show the picture ) and wany more like she , nino ( quietly , obviously upset ) yes . .56 345 3326 con td 335 lawson speak up , Mr , Brown , ' nino yes , I be a member , but for be force into this way of life .. , I start deal drug when I be twelve , I do not have a editcation like you , Mr. lawson . i have nothing , sure , T want out , but they threaten to kill my mother . scotty fuck this soap opera shit . he 's a rabid dog . morrio . and we be gonna send he ass to the pound , lawson who be you talk about , Mr , Brown ? nino ( break dowa ) they ..- kareem and unigea both react to minot outburst . lawson whe? ning look at he ; kareem akbar . he 's '' the educate brother from citibank , the braing behind it all ... I be a victim ... do not you see ? T could not get out , the court erupt in pandemonium as nino finger he own man , break the most sacred of street code , morrio a and scotty smell a rat . int : time CUT to : MAIN courtroom — day 336 bailife phe jury will adjourn while they xeach a decision , 336 338 339 aio contd 336 scotty ( as lawson join they ) you do not believe that lie and erving '' General Hospital " shit ? lawson ( sit down with they } do not matter what I think , it 's the jury . ( dxop the lawyer rap ) but for what it 's worth , . , . '' think we get he , man . close on clock 337 as it tick away the second slowly , sco try 's Pov 338 nino talk the jad kuctz who in turn talk to powel , the supervise attorney over lawson . jed kurtz and Powell both approach the bench and speak with the judge , but we be linable to hear they . another angle 338 scotty ( concerned ) what 's the discussion ? morrio relax ... or wait the fuck outside , you make I nervous , shit . finally the jury file back in one by one , somber face , impossible to read they expression . both morrio and scotty be as nervous as stallion by a castrate machine , bailiff you honor , the jury have reach & verdict , judge will the foreperson please stand up and read the yerdict , everybody tense . we pan the face as the foreperson strand . judge ocont ) to the ten count of drug trafficking ? 339 di contd 339 forepersow guilty . the court react , elate , judge ' ( band gavel ) order , . , order ... on oné count of assault with intent to commit murder ? fot foreper on milty . nino seem impassive as the crowd react vocally , approve the verdict , owe woman , obviously a church sister , react with : woman amen . guilty as sinl !! judge to the three count of murder in the first degree . foreperson guilty . the court go hut . scotty grab morric . they 8 embrace tightly , two soldier in from the war . morrio ° ( emotional ) you do it , man , bcotty ( fight the tear ) no , man .« , . we do it . the judge have the bang he gavel a full four minute just to silence the vindicate court . ning sit there , cold as ice ; and wink at scotty . judge '' ( upset ) order , .. order inthe court ... in light of the discussion with the supervise attorney for the prosecution , and counsel for the defense , it be my unfortunate duty to grant the government motion and ( more ) 339 340 contd 339 judge ( contd ) dismiss the case of U.S. versus , nino Brown , {visibly shake ) Mr. Brown , you be free to leave , scotty ( numb ) what the fuck doss that mean ? lawson ( suddenly realize ) State 's evidence ... they most ! ye cut a deai for nino to turn over he connection . morric try to restrain scotty as he blast through to the smug nino . scomry ai not that much state 's evidence in the world to protect you from I . if T be not wear 4 badge , I would have kill you a Long time ago . that be my mother you kill in p.s. 200 . that be my community you kill uptown , you tye destroy a whole generation of kid . tf could have be like you , but I have @ conscience ! scotty remove he dea shield from he pants pocket ané throw it at nino , close - ning grin as morrio draw scotty away . ext : courthouse step - day 340 nino and kurtz be surround by the PRESS , and a crono ef cheer new jack teens -- and horrify respectable onlooker -- reporter $ 1 Mr. Brown , what do you think of all this ? nino just siile sardonically at he subject , he ant . brick , scotty and morrio come out of the courthouse -- deject -=- nino , who -- along with jed rurtz -~ be work theixy way to a wait bmy —- * 115 340 8=6contd 340 at the same time , scotty and morrio spet someone walk *™ towards nino -- angle - old man he walk up , cut mystically through crowd -- up to 2 disbely nino , old man ( the nine , in loud voice ) this day , idolater , thy soul be require in hell , Old man remove a rusty luger from he jacket , brick be about to run down and do something -- scatty * and morrio pull on he arm — -- they look at each other -- they re-enter the courthouse through separate entrance , angle - old man pump three shot in nino 's head -- a bloody wino fail to the ground , dead . Group scatter , scream -- jed kurtz be in a state of shock -- cop run out and subdue old man ~= he do not resist -- scream -- confusion -- the end of the world . stlence crawl sheet '' although this be a ficticnal story , the New Jack City exist in every majoy metropolis in this country . if we a5 a nation do not begin to confront the problem of crack and other drug realisticaliy -- without slogan and promise , but examine what motor the human soul on the course of spiritual self - destruction — — then New Jack City will continue to thrive , and we will be doom to disappear in the shadow of its demonic skyline , " the bnd ine siumio dupticoie tatvice . inc . say west - lth th , nnw york , ny , 1 ozs gam ket + 77s