next written by Gary Goldman base on " the Golden man " written by Philip K. Dick May 14 , 2004 bare white room thirty foot square . cris johnson , wear a jail uniform , sit in a heavy chair that be bolt to the floor . mid - twenty , jade , rebellious , handsome as a statue , cris radiate a serene , if somewhat scruffy , charisma . he face a plasma screen monitor on a bare wall . to the leave of the screen , a unframe mirror ; to the right , a digital clock - calendar . a woman' face appear on the plasma screen . callie ferris . thirty . tailore . angular . kate hepburn-ish . ferris on monitor Mr. Johnson , you have be send to we by the state authority for testing . we want to determine if there 's any substance to you claim . cris Fire away . ferris on monitor if we can verify you ability , we may be able to help you avoid a criminal trial . cris and " we " be ...? ferris on monitor homeland Security . ferris ' face be replace on the plasma screen by a series of random video clip . hang-glide . traffic jam . volcano erupting . ferris on monitor now if you would , please look at the monitor and tell we what you see , say , five minute from now . cris look at the clock . 16:32 / March 9 , 2006 . he squint and the clock speed up a little . ferris ( o.c. ) be you there yet ? in a few second , the clock read 16:37 . 2 . on the monitor . ferris ' image have be replace by footage of surfer riding big wave in Hawaii . cris surfer . ferris ( o.c. ) good . now can you move ahead ten minute . vary image fast forward on the plasma screen . he arrive at 16:47 and report on what he see . cris ant crawl up a tree . ferris ( o.c. ) excellent . can you get to 1900 hour ? cris look ahead and squint . clock Minutes whiz by . plasma screen clip play and change almost too fast to be recognize . clock cris get to 19:00 -- and keep go . Mirror cris have a five o'clock shadow . clock hour tick off like a accelerate metronome . Mirror cris sport a three - day stubble . he struggle to get out of the chair , but he be now strapped into it , bound at the wrist and ankle . his face fill with rage . plasma screen the evening news zip by . talk head . reportage . 3. Mirror like a window into a time machine . cris ' beard lengthen . he grow pale . his clothes change every few second . rage give way to the panic of a man trap on a runaway train . plasma screen the news dissolves into a blur . Mirror cris age before he own eye . wrinkle etch into skin . Hair grey , recede . outrage ebb into hollow resignation as cris watch himself waste away . woman 's voice Sir ... Sir ? cris ' tired old eye look up , confuse . int . vega HOTEL coffee shop - day a perky young waitress stand over he , hold a pot of coffee . waitress warm -up ? on cris Young again . cris just the check . she set it on the table with a flirtatious smile . he take it to the register and pay cash . cris ( v.o . ) " the future be not what it use to be . " ever hear that expression ? a moment later , a second cris follow the first cris to the register , repeat he every movement . cris ( v.o. ) it 's a joke , but it 's true . the future change every time you look at it . because you look at it . as cris 2 pay cash , cris 1 proceed into the casino . 4. cris ( v.o. ) Cause once you see it , you be different . cris 2 follow , literally walk in cris 1 's footstep . cris ( v.o. ) maybe just a little . a drunk bump into cris 1 and spill he daiquiri on he . cris ( v.o. ) and that change everything else . cris 2 -- the real cris -- follow a moment later and sidestep the drunk , who spill he daiquiri on someone else . cris ( v.o. ) it 's get something to do with quantum physics . cris 2 reach the game table and merge with cris 1 . cris ( v.o. ) that 's why I stay away from roulette and crap . it only take a millionth of a ounce to change a roll . just place a different bet can throw thing off . a roulette ball skitter indecisively between two groove before settling into one of they . cris ( v.o. ) I have get other rule , too . I do not play against people , like at poker . only against the house . slot machine . horse racing . Sports game . cris ( v.o. ) and my goal be not to win big . at least not any more . the idea be to go unnotice so I can keep come back to the trough . he pass the million dollar slot . stop , like it 's call out to he . 5 . cris ( v.o. ) so no jackpot . no longshot . no big bet except when I want `em to see I lose . cris notice a desperate gambler on the verge of tear . clearly , he 's drop a bundle . cris approach he and point to the million dollar slot . cris try that one , man . I have get a feel . gambler ( suspicious ) then you play it . cris against my religion . cris offer the guy a handful of silver dollar . cris do it , quick , before somebody else get there . while the gambler dawdle , a midwestern dowager plant herself at the mega-slot and start feed it dollar . cris sigh and walk off . the gambler watch he go , then react to bell , flashing light , and shriek of celebration . the dowager have hit the mega - jackpot . blackjack section cris take a stool at a crowded table . cris ( v.o. ) mainly I stick to blackjack . bore but controllable . cris ante up . card be deal . he 's get a four show . take a hit , he go bust with a jack . so in real time , he stick . cris ( v.o. ) and safe unless they think you be count . 6 . the dealer turn over he card . he 's get a king and a deuce . so he have to draw . pull the jack . busted . the dealer pay cris , then press a button under the table . int . surveillance room bank of video monitor display image from the multitude of camera look down from above the game table . the surveillance supervisor , hawkeye , reposition in response to a red light so he can look over a surveillance Operator 's shoulder and study cris . int . office of casino boss - different casino - day the stalin-face casino boss sit behind he desk . casino boss if you do not mind my ask , why do homeland Security give a damn about who 's lucky in Vegas ? he 's talk to callie ferris . we recognize she sardonic beauty from the plasma screen in cris 's pre-vision . in person , she 's edgy , confident , and impatient with that who be not as quick as she be . ferris maybe they be more than lucky . casino boss then we handle it . ferris I be not talk about cheating . that 's you problem . but if somebody win consistently and you can not figure out how ... Excuse I . she answer she cell phone . ferris ferris ... I will be there in fifteen . she stand , disconnect , and hand the casino boss she business card . ferris call I , like they do . and try to hold he till I get here . 7. casino boss yes , mar 'am . she 's already out the door . video monitor : close on cris relaxed . play blackjack . the female dealer try not to gawk at he as she deal from a shoe . ferris ( o.c. ) Nice look guy . davis ( o.c. ) I guess . pull back : surveillance room ferris and davis , the casino 's dapper chief of security , stand behind hawkeye , the surveillance supervisor , and study cris on various monitor . ferris maybe she 's in cahoot . davis he 's beat six dealer in a row . ferriS you be sure he 's not count ? hawkeye we have get five deck in the shoe . and he win more off the top than the bottom . davis move a lot from table to table . on a monitor , cris pocket some of he chip . hawkeye keeps he stack short . on another monitor , a cocktail waitress take order from the player . waitress what 's you pleasure ? cris Grand dad , rock . 8. ferris what 's he name ? davis ( shrug ) not stay here . pay in cash . hawkeye we be run he through face check . as ferris watch cris on the monitor , he become still and attentive , as if sense danger . he squint a little , the way we do when we try to remember something . ferris invite he for a drink . ( remember she manners ) if you do not mind . int . casino / blackjack table - day as cris signal for another card , two black suit appear behind he . black suit ( o.s. ) Sir , would you come with we , please . cris take in they grim face . turn to see two more pair of goons station nearby . snapback to : thirty second ago the cocktail waitress approach to take cris ' order . waitress what 's you pleasure ? this time , cris hurriedly scoops all he chip into he coat pocket , jostling the waitress as he stand . cris scuse I , sorry . hustling away , he glance back just as the first two black suit reach he stool , but this time it 's empty . they look around . one of they whisper into he mike . the three pair of goons get instruction and split up . 9 . track shot / eye level cris stride crisply through the casino . see another pair of black suit , scan for he . he duck into the maze of slot . Zig and zag from aisle to aisle , seemingly at random . a moment after each turn , a Black suit appear ahead , behind , or to the side - where they would have spot cris . track shot / high angle a clearer perspective as two black suit approach cris ' aisle from different direction . cris have no way to see they or know they be come , but at the last moment , he move in between two aisle where neither guard will see he as they pass . surveillance room Davis and hawkeye wince as the Black suit keep miss they quarry . davis what 's wrong with you guy ? hawkeye he 's right next to you ! aisle 63 ! ferris watch the chase , fascinate . phalanxes of slot machine Black suit converge from various direction , in that fake - calm fast - walk . cris study the gambler play the machine nearby , then head to a particular spot - where he be sure to be spot - except that a TEXAS - size man reposition himself , block the Black suit 's view . the Black suit move on . cris shift to another spot just as a different Black suit arrive at the other end of the aisle . this time , three frat boy change machine and obscure cris from he gaze . surveillance room Davis be throw a fit . Davis there ! there ! he 's right there in front of you ! walk toward each other ! 10 . cris slip away in the shadow of the frat boy . hawkeye maybe he 's on we frequency . davis I do not see a earphone on he . hawkeye he 's head to the Convention annex . ferris ( stand ) give I a headset . I be go down there . Convention annex arrive at the foyer , cris see five meeting room . he squint then decisively enter one of they . four black suit arrive a instant later . without waste a beat , each of they go through a different door . all except the one cris go through . cris re-emerges a moment later and head back toward the casino . casino ferris , arrive , adjust she headset . cris see she . recognize she from he prevision as the woman on the plasma screen . turn and walk away . she see cris . take off after he . ferris ( to head mic ) he 's head toward ... ( read sign ) the Ipanema Grill . Security staff converge on the area . cris be in plain sight . suddenly a busload of tourist surge in through a door and clog the way . cris continue into the ... 11 . Kitchen area pass a room service cart , he roll it in front of he . a few step on , he take the bottle of olive oil on the cart and pour some in front of one random close door . cris then shove the room service cart down the hall toward a empty intersect corridor . a Black suit barrel into the empty intersection just as the cart arrive - and tumble over it . behind cris , a door swing open ; a Black suit charge out ; step precisely into the puddle of pour olive oil - and fall on he ass . cris slip by he , but get cut off by a arrive group of four more black suit . Big guy . they try to grab he . he evade they grasp almost magically and , like a shaolin monk , somehow leverage they into each other until they be in a pile on the floor . cris dart around they into the ... lobby he co-opt a luggage cart that be load up for delivery . Rolling it to the leave , a Black suit on that side do not see he - and move on . cris switch to the right side of the card - just as a second Black suit would have see he . abandon the cart , cris set off across the lobby in a herky - jerky rhythm . he walk four quick step without be see . then stop behind a column just as Black suit 1 turn he way . when Black suit 1 look on , cris resume he journey , cut across the lobby at a acute angle . in this way , he avoid be see by Black suit 2 . cris now back up three step and avoid be see by Black suit 3 . by precisely choose he movement and know where he hunter will be look , cris achieve something like invisibility . the last obstacle to daylight be ferris . she see he . he make a run for the door . she dash after he . ferris you ! I just need to talk to you ! cris grab a guest 's suitcase and keep move . ferris homeland Security ! 12 . the guest chase after cris - and collide with ferris , knock she to the ground . which allow cris to slip through a door to the ... ext. Hotel load dock - day where two laundry delivery men be fling sack of clothes into the back of a truck . cris step toward the open tailgate with a steady pace . as if on cue , both Laundry guy turn and bend to pick up another sack of clothes . cris walk right by they without be notice -- and climb into the truck . a moment later , the Laundry guy pivot back around , toss sack of clothes in after cris , and slam the rear door . they get in the truck and drive off just as ferris , Davis , and several Black suit arrive to find a cold trail . davis you be right . this guy be a lot more than lucky . oddly , ferris seem almost encourage . ferris at least now I know he exist . int . department of homeland security - las vega regional office - night ferris stride purposefully through hallway crowded with people hustling just as urgently as she be . she enter the large ante-room of a bigshot 's office and address jeannie , a civil service secretary . ferris jeannie , I have to see he right away . jeannie he 's on with Washington . we just go on code Orange . ferris what 's the threat ? jeannie we find a dirty bomb in East Vegas . a barrel of C - 4 and a kilo of nuclear waste . but we be get chatter about a dozen more out there somewhere , ready to blow . ferris absorb the catastrophic news without emotion . 13 . ferris tell he I have a new source that could help with the case . jeannie ( snide ) another remote viewer ? ferris stare she down . ferris have he meet I in imaging . leave without wait for a response . ext . picnic in park - Day cris and a glow young mother hold a baby boy . gazing into the baby 's eye , cris beam with perfect happiness . he play with the baby 's finger . the two middle one be subtly webbed by a piece of skin that come about halfway up the bottom knuckle . the image white out as ... int . laundry truck - day sunlight pour into the back of the truck , revealing cris loung on a mound of laundry sack . he compose himself and step out , nonchalant as James bond . cris thanks , guy . not too heavy on the starch . Computer simulation the pursuit of cris through the casino have be mapped into a 3 - D visualization . multiple camera angle have be merge so that a single Pov seamlessly follow cris without cut . it 's clear that cris avoid trouble before he see it . male voice ( o.s . ) you pull I out of a conference call with the Secretary to show I a video game ? int . imaging lab - day eric wisdom , 38 , stand next to ferris as they watch the simulation on a flat- screen monitor . highly competent , solidly masculine , Spencer Tracy to she hepburn , you can rely on he in you average emergency . which this be not . 14 . ferris I need six man to bring he in . wisdom we be on code Orange . ferris he could help we find the other bomb . wisdom that 's a ultra low probability . none of you " special " have ever pan out , and this be not the time to experiment . ferris step close to wisdom . ferris come on , Eric , you see it . we be fly blind and he 's get radar . wisdom step away from she . wisdom callie , people be talk . they say I be only funding you research because we be involved . ferris that 's because they be .... wisdom right . ouch . wisdom I be sorry , but they be right . ferris you bastard . wisdom I care about you , and I want to support you . but there 's a limit to what I can ... ferris ( professional ) look , we analyze what this ability would look like if it exist . ( more ) 15 . ferris ( cont would ) I go screen for it in a highly scientific way . and now I have identify someone who match all the indicator . so the next obvious step be to ... wisdom let I do my job ! - Christ ! do not you ever quit ? ferris no. ( beat ) I have get a country to protect . he find she both infuriate and irresistible . wisdom use you charm on somebody else . he stalk out of the room , leave she more thwart than sad . driver be Pov : traffic in vega a elevate freeway . driving behind a pick - up truck carry a mattress and box spring . cris ( v.o. ) I be not God . I do not see everything . just my own future . ext./ int . cris ' car - day cris drive a old camaro , muscle -y but inconspicuous . cris ( v.o. ) to I , it seem normal . the way lightning come before thunder . cris change lane to get from behind the truck . cris ( v.o. ) most of the time , I be not pay attention . just make sure I do not step in a mess . in he rearview mirror , cris see the mattress fall off the truck , cause a accident . 16 . cris ( v.o. ) sometimes I get a blast from far away . he see a plume of smoke in the distance . cris ( v.o. ) or I can start with a glimpse of something close and keep push on . he take the next exit . cris ( v.o. ) usually it 's none of my business . he turn into the parking lot of a bookie shop , the finish line . int . the finish line - day cris walk to the counter . address the manager . cris guy around ? manager you be ? cris tell he it 's King Midas . int . homeland security regional hq - internal security office - day terry baine , plaincloth head of protective SERVICES for the facility , walk down the corridor with three of the better - train military police who have be bring in to augment the regular staff of civilian federal protective service police . baine be a handsome former special force Lieutenant , early - forty , who take he work very seriously . ferris run to catch up with he . he do not slow down for she . ferris Terry ? Terry ! - I know you have get you hand full but I be wonder if you might be able to spare a few warm body for a outside operation . 17 . she give he a look . there 's some mutual attraction , but not a lot of affection . baine we be strictly internal . ferris that 's why I need you people . everybody else be assign . baine do wisdom know about this ? ferris he suggest it . while baine arch a dubious eyebrow , a intellectual junior analyst , amanda , catch up with ferris . amanda callie. ( correct herself ) agent ferris . I have get a face match on you subject . his name be cris Johnson . ferris take amanda 's printout and glance at it on the run : it 's a photo of cris on a wanted bulletin . ferris ( slow to a stop ) never mind , Terry . pretty Boy here be want for murder in nevada . she hustle off with amanda . int . back room at the finish line - day a smoky office with a big screen tv and a poker table , but no card player . cris be greet by guy , relaxed , professional , smartly dress , mid-forty . he 's classier than the joint he run . guy well , if it be not the Golden man . a look , a hug . a lot of history . guy what bring you crawl back to I ? 18 . cris I need to cash some chip . - get tag . he start set they in stack on the poker table . guy you burn through you stash already ? cris I have be try to lay low . int . State police station - day Computer monitor on a desk play cris ' escape from the casino . cavanaugh ( o.s . ) that 's he . I call he the Road runner . you know ? beep beep . lo. cavanaugh , middle - age hunter type , beer belly but still a menace . ferris what 's he run from ? cavanaugh take a videocassette from a pile on he messy desk . cavanaugh you show I yours . I will show you mine . he pop the tape into a vcr . press play . on the monitor low-quality security camera recording of a liquor store at night . Business be good . five people wait in line at the register . time code read November 11 , 2004 . cris walk in , unsteady on he foot . head for the beer locker . pause . suddenly run toward the register at full speed and tackle a customer , shove he hard to the floor . cris prepare to hold he down , but the tackle man just lie there , a pool of blood form under he head . cris look up . the customer be gape at he , terrify . 19 . cris ( slur ) he be gonna kill you ! you all would 'a die ! cris see that they be afraid of he , not the dead man . he run out . pause tape . back to scene cavanaugh study ferris ' reaction . int . back room at the finish line - day guy finish count cris ' chip . guy but you of all people . how could you have let it happen ? cris that be the night donna break off we engagement . guy ahh . cris I be so drunk I could barely see now . guy open a drawer , take out a pack of a hundred $ 100' , and count out a additional sum from he pocket . guy well , I hope you do not mind . I call Neal to let he know you be here . cris Christ , guy , do you have to ? guy you say everything 's inevitable , so I guess I do . guy return to he antique copper espresso machine and start to make two cup . cris well , you can save you breath . Cause I know what you be gonna say . 20 . guy then you be aware that Neal be in a serious cash crunch and could lose it all . cris I be sorry to hear that . but I be do play the market . while guy be distract make espresso , cris jam the desk drawer shut with a penny . guy Neal 's get it all work out . he will fly you out of the country on he jet . put you up in style . he pay tax , totally legal . you get cash , squeaky clean . half the net . when you share hit fifty mile , you can say " finito " ... and it 's over . cris except last time , Neal do not take " finito " for a answer . guy slam he fist . guy you need we , asshole ! the Law be breathin ' down you neck ! cris I can stay ahead of `em forever . guy but why live that way ? cris because I do not want to be use any more . guy what do you give a shit as long as you get what you want ? cris Cause what I want be freedom . and you do not get it by give it up . guy calm himself and set a espresso in front of cris . 21 . cris enjoy it while it last . cris pick up the cup and knock it back . ext. finish line - parking lot - day cris start up the car . notice he 's woozy . he prepare to back out . instead he black out -- as guy and three men drag he out of the car . snapback to : guy 's office guy set the cup of espresso in front of cris , who pick it up . but instead of knock it back , he set it down and grin cryptically at guy , who sense something and reach to open he top desk drawer - the one cris penny shut . guy can not get it open . guy reach under he Racing form . feel around . cris hold up a knife . cris look for this ? guy pull he arm from under the Racing form -- spilling the cup of espresso that cris just set down . guy know that 's not a coincidence . cris do not mess with somebody who know you move before you even think them . cris take he cash . guy the jet will be sell in a week . then there go you ticket out . cris do not wait for I . cris head out . guy you know what I think ? I think I know the future better than you do . cris scoff as he leave . 22 . int . State police station - day cavanaugh pour coffee for himself and ferris . cavanaugh he 's just some gambler . live completely off the grid . no bank account . no credit card . no previous record . ferris so why would he do it ? cavanaugh must be a wacko . he would never meet the victim . no connection whatsoever . ferris try to make sense of it all . ferris and in fifteen month , why have not you catch he ? cavanaugh sigh woefully . cavanaugh you see . he 's get eye in the back of he head . he can see around corner . I even have he in custody once , and he disappear . ferris must be very embarrassing . a painful subject for cavanaugh . cavanaugh and what be it you want he for ? ferris questioning . cavanaugh about ? ferris stuff that have not happen yet . cavanaugh nod knowingly . 23 . cavanaugh well , I guess homeland Security trump liquor store murder . how can I help ? ext. suburban home - las vega - night a tract house , cheap , from the 60' , could be anywhere . something sad about the place . cris stand at the door , hold a bag of grocery . irv , a sick old man , open the door , wear a knit cap and pajamas . he 's hook up to a little oxygen tank on wheel . when he see cris , he smile crimp the tube in he nose . irv what be you do back here ? cris I come to fix you dinner . irv idiot . irv pull cris inside . close the door . int . irv 's house - night they embrace like father and son . the oxygen tube get in the way . irv this be what you get from two pack a day . cris but you quit ten year ago . irv it be already too late . I just do not know it . cris sometimes not know be better . irv shake he head . irv look where you be head , pal . the big decision be over before you even realize you make `em . 24 . int . the finish line - back room - night cavanaugh and ferris chat with guy . this time the poker game be in progress . cavanaugh any idea where he might be go ? guy turn to ferris . guy I have get a little problem with the IRS . think I could get some relief ? ferris depend how helpful you be . guy oh , I know everything about he . he look at ferris , know . she turn to cavanaugh . ferris I need to speak to he alone . int . finish line - MAIN parlor - night guy and ferris sip cappucino . guy and another thing , no woman ever turn he down , I be serious . mainly because he only proposition the one he know will say yes , which be most of `em anyway . but do that make he happy ? no. say he 's bored . never surprised . have to watch himself die over and over again . ferris why would he come back to Vegas ? guy do not say , but I be guessin ' it 's this friend who 's die . a old fart who take he in when he be strung out on drug . - he 's a orphan , ya know . be on the road since he be ten . 25 . int . irv 's house / live room - night the place be a mess . pile of newspaper . Old clothes . cris clean up as they talk . irv sit at a table and play solitaire . irv you want my advice ? get yourself a good lawyer and turn yourself in . cris if I tell `em the truth , you know what happen ? I end up with the fed . - and you know what they do to I ? irv make you a secret agent . cris do not laugh . they strap I in a chair and make I watch the news . irv Dan Rather or Peter jenning ? cris it 's not funny , irv . that 's all I do , day after day , for the rest of my life . watch the news until I lose my hair and croak . irv be move by cris ' dilemma . irv there 's no way around it ? cris the best I can do be stay away from all of `em . irv shake he head with sympathy for cris ' plight . irv in that case , you have gotta leave the country . cris I know , I know , but there 's something I gotta do first . 26 . irv what ? cris do not answer . his gaze be distant . irv cris ? cris focus . cris she 's come here . the fed. irv you gotta go ? cris think . shake he head . cris let 's play it out . int . irv 's kitchen - day cris make a lamb roast , studd it with clove of garlic . cris I have get the place all pick out . it 's call palau . Three hundred teeny island in the South Pacific . ( place roast in pan ) nothing ever happen there , so there 's nothing to foresee . irv then what the hell be you wait for ? cris put the roasting pan in the oven . cris her . irv who ? cris I have not meet she yet . irv then find somebody else ! 27 . cris it have to be she . irv what 's so special about this one ? cris she 's the mother of my child . irv stop shuffle the card . irv I think you be shoot blank . cris I guess the doctor be wrong . irv I do not mean to be indelicate , my friend , but how do you know the little bastard be yours ? cris he 's get my thing . irv you thing ? cris hold up he hand , revealing that the skin between he two middle finger be webbed a little higher than normal . cris my thing . irv I still do not understand why you never get that fix . cris laugh ... then suddenly stop . cris she 's here . he walk to the door and open it to discover ferris stand there , with she finger about to press the doorbell . cris agent ferris , come in . she regards cris with appreciation . 28 . ferris one step ahead of the game . cris always . she enter . tries not to be intimidate by he ability or appearance . see irv , watch they . ferris be there some place we can speak privately ? cris let 's go in the kitchen . I have get a roast in the oven . irv no , you two stay here . I will watch the food . once out of ferris ' eyeline , irv query cris with he hand in the shape of a gun . cris shake he head , then turn to ferris - and wait for she to begin . ferris you be waste you life , cris . you have the most amazing talent , and you be run from it . cris yeah , people say I could have be a chef . ferris do not be cute . there 's too much at stake here . her gravity anchor he . ferris now if you say that man in the liquor store be go to shoot five people , I believe you . why else would you kill a stranger ? cris guard he reaction . ferris but no good deed go unpunish , eh ? ( more ) 29 . ferris ( cont would ) and that 's how it 's go to be in this world . people will either hate you or want to exploit you . cris everyone but you , of course . ferris I can fix you legal problem . more importantly , I can give you a chance to use you gift . cris trust I , it 's better if I do not . it 's better if I just mind my own business . ferris look at he , disapprove . ferris I will be honest with you , cris . that 's not a option . you country need you . and if we do not grab you , somebody else will . cris nobody 's grab I yet . ferris you be up against more powerful force now . she let that sink in . ferris I would like you to come with I for some testing . would you be willing to do that ? cris 's expression grow dark . he look at ferris accusingly , then bolt away , toward the kitchen . ferris where be you go ? cris cover he eye and dive to the floor as stun grenade shatter window and explode with a flash . ferris ( temporarily blind ) shit! cavanaugh ! Gas grenade follow . 30 . cris scramble to he foot as a nevada police swat team burst through window and door , wear gas mask and goggle , scan with laser - guide rifle . they find cris , dash for the back door . open fire . cris tumble , dodge a few bullet , then take a hit in the shoulder , the back , the leg . stagger forward . absorb dozen of bullet . Falls . lies there . dying . cavanaugh step up to deliver the final shot . snapback to : int . irv 's house / live room - a hour ago irv in that case , you have gotta leave the country . cris I know , I know , I have get the place pick out . but there 's something I have gotta do first . irv what ? cris do not answer . his gaze be distant . irv cris ? cris focus . cris I have to go . irv you just get here . cris I know , but they be come for I . cris take the pack of cash he get from guy , pull out more than half the bill , and set they on a table . 31 . cris this be for nurse and stuff , to make thing a little easier . irv you be gonna need it . cris shake he head and embrace irv. cris you be the only one I could trust . ever . they be both choke up . irv I do not suppose you have discover any last minute escape for I ? cris I look , irv , I really do . I go down every path , every treatment . sometimes there 's just no ... irv it 's okay . it 's okay ... now I can relax . a last look . ext. irv 's street - day cris ' approach he park camaro with he key out . cavanaugh and six troopers spring from hide , gun train on he . camera pan to cris in irv 's back yard , watch this scene . ext. alley behind irv' house - day a State trooper keep watch , smoking . when he step on the butt , cris enter the frame in the background . when the trooper turn to a wall to piss , cris cross the alley , unseen . when cris pass out of frame , the trooper finish , unaware of what he have miss . 32 . ext. outskirt of vega - night a Route 66 - vintage highway with stop light and tawdry commercial development . cris stand on the shoulder , thumbing a ride . Cars and truck pass without stop . fast foward through endless traffic until a old chevrolet pull over . cris check he watch . it 's 8:23 . snapback to : side of the road Chris check he watch . it 's 7:57 . cris ( to himself ) twenty - four minute . he look around . see a do nut shop . head toward it . int . irv 's house - night cavanaugh 's State trooper , gun draw , be search the place on a hair-trigger , ready to blow away anything that move . ferris I need he alive , cavanaugh . even if he resist . cavanaugh yes , mar 'am . she point to cavanaugh 's trooper . ferris tell they . as cavanaugh grudingly walk off to deliver the message , irv approach ferris . irv you will never catch he . he know what you be gonna do to he . ferris that 's very helpful information . she walk off , leave irv to regret he open he mouth . 33. int . do nut shop - night cris step in . go to the counter . cris medium coffee , black , and a glaze . as he wait , he see a vague reflection in the glass display case : a square cross , come into focus . puzzle , cris look up and around to see the object that 's be reflect . he can not find it . cris turn back to the display case , but the reflection be go . the donut girl give he he order . cris take it , turn , and notice liz cooper sit by herself at a booth , circle item in the classified section . he recognize she as the future mother of he future child . cris gaze at she face , which be both childish and mature , shy yet indomitable . she turn , scowling , from the stare stranger . cris approach Liz and give she that smile that always work . cris mind if I join you ? liz ( prickly ) yeah , actually I do . cris seem disconcert . snapback to : the donut girl give cris he order . he approach Liz again and try a different open line . cris be that cruller any good ? Liz look at he like he 's hopeless . he notice that she 's read the use car ad . snapback to : the donut girl give cris he order . he approach Liz . 34 . cris Shopping for a car ? liz what business be it of yours ? snapback to : the donut girl give cris he order . he approach Liz . cris Rough day ? liz I do not want to talk about it . snapback to : the donut girl give cris he order . discourage after all that rejection , he approach Liz -- and bobble he coffee , spilling it on the floor . he 's mortify , but she smile at he . snapback to : the donut girl give cris he order . now confident he 's find the right approach , cris approach Liz and deliberately bobble he coffee . but not in the exact way he do before . when it fall , it splashes on she shoe . liz aw Christ ! look what you have do ! cris I be so sorry . I be a spaz . liz yeah , you be . she wipe she shoe with a napkin . liz it look like you spill it on purpose . cris why would I do that ? liz I do not know . to impress I ? 35 . cris look , I be sorry . if I could , I would do it over . disgust , she hand he a stack of paper napkin . cris here . she watch as he sop up the coffee and carry drip , soggy tissue to the trash . the miserable expression on he face finally win the smile he 's be work for . int . do nut shop - night - a few minute later they be sit across from each other , laugh . Liz divorce , bankruptcy , repossession . yeah , I would call that a bad year . cris well , Liz , you luck 's about to change . liz how 's that ? cris you meet I . liz and what be you , a leprechaun ? cris a angel , actually . and we always reward the people who help we . liz great , what do I have to do ? cris you do not have to do anything . cris glance outside and see the old chevrolet drive by without stop . he check he watch . it 's 8:23 . cris but I could use a ride . she know she should not . 36 . int . jeep cherokee / on highway - night go fast . johnny Cash on the CD . liz when do the luck kick in ? cris it already have . liz I do not feel anything . cris not even a tingle ? liz Son , I have not have a tingle in eight month . he wait for the other shoe to drop . Liz ( can not hold it in ) since my worthless no - good dickhead of a husband run out on I . cris then you be way overdue . for a reversal of fortune . brake light flare on the car ahead . they pass a exit . cris any kid ? liz thirty . ( off he look ) I teach fifth grade . cris I mean of you own . she shake she head . cris I guess that 's good . consider . liz no , that be the problem . - I could not get pregnant . 37 . traffic be back up . cris I be sorry . I do not mean to pry . liz you do not . I be just run off at the mouth . - that 's why I be in Vegas . to see another doctor . flash yellow light - a barricade . cris be get nervous . cris he do not want to adopt ? liz no , he have to have a Randy junior . flash blue light - park cop car . liz what , be there a accident ? the place be crawl with state trooper . cris be look around for a way out . snapback to : one minute earlier - one mile back liz when do the luck kick in ? cris it already have . liz I do not feel anything . brake light flare on the car ahead . cris ( urgent ) take this exit . Quick ! liz why ? cris just take it ! 38 . the dot line on the road be now solid . liz it 's too late ! cris no it 's not ! cris grab the steering wheel and jerk it to the right , send they over some speed bump onto the off ramp . liz let go ! be you out of you mind ?! she slam on the brake and they screech to a stop on the right shoulder of the exit ramp . liz get out ! cris scramble for a explanation . look , see a quieu of brake light from the roadblock now back up past the exit . cris traffic be pile up . you do not see it ? liz get out !! cris we could 'a be stick there for hour . liz I do not give a flyin ' goddamn ! you do not grab the steering wheel ! cris pause for a beat . take a different tack . cris you be right . I be sorry . I panicked . I get phobic sit in traffic . it will not happen again , I promise . liz damn straight , cause you will not be in the car ! she wait for he to exit . 39 . cris how `bout at the next gas station ? please . I will fill up you tank . Liz sigh , exasperate , and continue down the exit ramp , pass a sign that say , welcome to california . ext . road block - night cavanaugh and ferris drink coffee as trooper examine every pass vehicle . ferris you be waste time here . cavanaugh how long have you be in law enforcement ? about six month ? ferris Long enough to know we be not gonna catch he by surprise . cavanaugh what , you think he 's get some kind of radar ? ferris interesting idea . it would explain a whole lot . cavanaugh and Area 51 would explain my miss tennis shoe . but that do not mean they be on a fly saucer . ferris come to a decision . ferris in this case , it do . cavanaugh know he 's about to hear something wild . ext. Gas station / mini-mart - night gasoline flow . Liz , still in a snit , sit impatiently behind the wheel , watch in the mirror as cris cross behind the car and knock on she window . grudgingly , she lower it . he hold out a lottery card . 40 . cris I be really really really really sorry . indulging he , she take it . when he walk away , she deign to look at it . she try to resist but can not . get out a nickel and scratch the card . win $ 250 . what the ...? chunk . the pump shut off . behind the car cris take out the nozzle and twist on the cap . behind he , Liz stride by in a huff . Liz get in the car . I will be back in a minute . cris smile to himself as she proceed toward the mini-mart . ex T. roadblock - night cavanaugh consider what ferris have just tell he . cavanaugh I would call you proof a little iffy . ferris look , from you own experience , this guy can not be punch , shot , surprised , capture , or confine . so either he 's get something special , or you be a idiot . cavanaugh do not like she logic . cavanaugh let 's say I be not a idiot ... ferris and I be not say you be . cavanaugh then what ? ferris we have get to think like he do . we have get to think ahead . 41 . int . liz 's car on a mountain road - night Willie Nelson on the CD player . Liz hold a icee in one hand while cris feed she kettle chip . cris but lately I have be travel all around Oregon . it 's really peaceful up there . liz all right , I be start get the picture . - basically , you be a no - good , worthless ramblin ' man who 's never hold a job in life . cris ( smile ) exactly . she 's charme , in spite of herself . liz at least you be honest about it . ext. Liz 's car - outskirt of tahoe - night cris and Liz sing along with patsy cline on the radio . the song end as they hit the city limit . liz this be where I turn into town . she pull over . cris well , thanks for the ride . liz thanks for the card . cris you be welcome . they be both reluctant to part . cris I do not suppose you would have time for a drink . liz no , no , I have gotta teach tomorrow . 42 . cris I understand ... well , see ya . liz so long . he step out and start to close the door . liz well , maybe just a quick one . int . the silver spur - night cowboy dive . crowd for a week night . Liz lead cris to the bar where the bartender be wash some glass . liz hey , George . bartender hey , Liz . liz I will take the usual and he will have a ... cris Sierra pale . the bartender and Liz exchange a look . bartender two sierras . as he draw two pint , the bartender lean toward Liz . bartender Randy 's be hang around . liz he 's not here now , be he ? bartender nod toward the pool table , where randy , she ex , play 8 - ball with a pal . liz thanks . she turn to cris . liz we gotta split . my ex be here . 43. cris lay some money on the bar , and they head for the door . but before they get there , Randy see Liz and bound after she , hold a pool cue . he 's much bigger and taller than cris . Randy I gotta talk to you , baby . liz sure , Randy . I will call you tomorrow . she try to slide by he . Randy block the way . Randy bullshit . I have leave a dozen message on you phone . cris step between they . cris Excuse I . we be just leave . Randy and who the hell be you ? cris stand he ground . lock eye . Liz do not mess with he , cris . he use to play hockey . cris just a friend . Randy then do not get between I and my woman . liz I be not yours anymore , asshole ! Randy baby , I have make a terrible mistake , and I just want to undo all the ... Randy hold Liz by the shoulder . liz let go ! 44 . randy you still care for I , I know it . Liz resist . cris grip Randy 's arm . cris easy , man . Randy haul off to slug cris . cris easily duck the blow and answer with a solid punch to the belly . Randy recover and realize he 's up against a skilled opponent . he take a stance , ready to get serious . he stick a few jab at cris , who easily slip from each one , like he see they come a mile away . Randy go for a hook . cris feint and land a uppercut to Randy 's chin . most man would go down , but Randy be so big , he stay up to take more punishment . cris deliver a elegant beat that humiliate the big guy and make he look like a oaf . cris put a end to it by break Randy 's nose . the big guy fall to he knee , bleed . Liz rush to Randy 's side , hold she ex and glower up at cris like he 's a sadistic brute . liz get out of here ! get out ! cris realize he 's blow it . snapback to : moment before randy you still care for I , I know it . Liz resist . cris grip Randy 's arm . cris easy , man . Randy haul off to slug cris , who this time make no effort to duck . wham ! cris take a sledgehammer in the mouth . Randy follow up mercilessly , punch cris in the gut , then hold he up while he punch he again . Liz grab Randy 's arm . 45 . liz stop it , Randy ! stop it ! Randy fling she aside and finish up with a solid right to cris ' jaw , that put he on the floor . Randy pull back he leg for a pointy - boot cowboy kick to the rib , when Liz rush to cris ' side and glower up at Randy like he 's a sadistic brute . liz get out of here ! get out ! Randy realize he 's blow it -- and let himself be pull out of the bar by a couple of buddy . Liz examine cris with concern . liz oh God , I will take you to the emergency room . cris no ho 'pital . I don ' nee ' ho'pital . liz God , I hate that bastard ... will somebody get some ice ! she stroke cris ' hair . ext. Liz 's cottage - night in the foothills . Liz 's car pull up . cris get out , hold a dish towel full of ice to he jaw . cris I be sorry I be cause you all this trouble . liz be you kid ? you stand up for I . cris actually , I be not stand for that long . Liz unlock the front door . turn on the light . liz sorry it 's so cold in here . the heater 's break . 46 . int . Liz 's cottage - night cris look around , sore but pleased that he have manage to stay in Liz 's company . the place be cozy , ranch - like . liz I really should have leave he a long time ago . God know he deserve it . cris why do not you ? liz Cause I do not leave . I never have . my boyfriend always leave I . she wet a washcloth with hot water . liz I get attach to people , and then I will put up with anything . cris what a terrible quality . you be too loyal . she return with a wet washcloth . liz sit in the light . he lower himself onto the sofa next to the table lamp . she come close and gingerly wipe the blood from he nose and lip . liz I never minded that I be the more devote one . somebody 's gotta be more this or more that . he look in she eye . liz but they never appreciate it , that you be there for they . she try to stay on task but get draw in by he gaze . liz they just try and get away with more and more , and figure you will just ... 47 . he lean forward . they lip touch . liz salty . it get more intense . then abruptly , she shy away , freak . liz Christ , I do not even know you . I have no idea who you be . snapback to : on the sofa she wipe the blood from he nose and lip . he look in she eye . she try to stay on task , but she get draw in by he gaze . he lean forward . they lip almost touch . but this time , cris pull back . Liz be embarrassed . liz sorry to get you catch up in my soap opera . cris once you start watch , it 's hard not to get involved . she go back to tend he wound . liz you ever be marry ? cris almost . liz what happen ? cris she want kid . liz and you do not ? cris no , I do , too . 48 . she look at he , curious . cris it 's just that ... I can not . something about he revelation unsettle she . liz why be you tell I this ? this personal detail . cris I do not know . you ask and ... I guess I feel like you would understand . tear well up in she eye . liz I do . cris look at she with sympathy . liz I can not either . have kid . cris comfort she . she look up into he eye expectantly . Fighting the pull , he look away for a moment to see where this be go - then glance back at she , almost dizzy . cris that be incredible . liz what be ? cris this . he kiss she with a quiet intensity that quickly ignites . they lovemake unfold as it would be experience by cris . effect before cause . the pleasure , then the gesture that elicit it . cris explore she body until she sigh , then snapsback and go directly to the sweet spot . he string together a perfect melody of shudder and moan , without strike any false note along the way . moment be superimpose , diaphonous , play against each other in counterpoint . 49 . Visual harmonics , elastically out - of-sync . rising to a crescendo . until all the future resolve into a single now . dissolve to : afterward - night float in bed . her head on he chest . his eye open , sadly content , like he wish he could stop time here forever . like he 's afraid it will all disappear if he take he eye off she . liz that be ... I have never ... cris force himself to look away into the distance . int . wisdom' office / federal facility - night wisdom , exhaust , quietly confer with a cadre of analyst and operative . they voice be confident , but they body language betray they pessimism . expert 1 we send the payload to livermore , and by measure the cesium degradation , they have identify the reactor in smerlensk that it come from . expert 2 Washington have we bird tracking for that radiation signature in key city . ferris slip in and take a empty chair . wisdom what do we know about the explosive ? expert 3 we lab downstairs be still study the C - 4 sample . it 's Czech , but we have not nail down the batch . wisdom rub he forehead , distraught . wisdom so basically we have get nothing . no one disagree . 50 . wisdom you be fail you country , people . you be not try hard enough . ( look around the table ) do you understand what I be say ? do you understand what I expect from you ? the staff exchange uncertain glance . wisdom twist arm ! crack head ! break the fuckin ' law ! but don't let this happen ! he have blow they wide - eye . wisdom ( suddenly calm ) be there any question ? int . wisdom be apartment - night ferris and wisdom be in night gear , get ready for bed . she see that he 's dishearten . ferris you know you be very sexy when you be ruthless . wisdom we be grop in the dark . ferris my guy 's get a flashlight . we just need to bring he in . wisdom do not have the energy to fight she any more . wisdom I will see if baine can spare some manpower . she 's gracious in victory . ferris you be all the manpower I need . 51 . int . Liz 's house - bedroom - morning head on pillow , Liz bud from sleep . reaches out . cris be go . her eye open , fearful . int . liz' kitchen - morning she rush in , look for cris . - he 's not there . she hear clanking from the laundry room . on the floor , cris sit next to the heater , which lie in piece . he try to adjust the remain apparatus . liz what the hell be you do ? cris you say it be break . liz well , you be not leave till it 's fix , I will tell you that . he smile archly . cris I be afraid that could take a while . now she understand he strategy . liz as long as it 's do right . int . homeland security - workshop - day ferris enter the area where weapon be store and where mechanic build whatever the department need . she interrupt baine as he give instruction to some mp 's . this be he guy who get priority over the civilian protective service Police . ferris do wisdom talk to you ? baine ( grudge ) what do you need ? ferris this one first . 52 . she hand he a sketch . he study it , perplex . baine what be it ? ferris a trap for somebody who can see the future . baine if you say so . ferris and then this . she hand he more sketches . int . Liz 's fifth grade class - day Liz stand before a map of the Native american tribe of the Lake tahoe region . liz and what be the main staple of they diet ? smartie pant bust a button to get call on . instead , Liz point to a shy girl . shy girl trout . liz from the lake ? shy girl no . from the river . liz right . and the washo be so jealous of they fishing grounds that when other Native Americans come to trade for dry fish , they be only permit to remain one night . Liz notice that she student be distract and giggle . she turn to see cris stand in the doorway , hold a box . embarrass , she blushes . liz I will be right back . 53. Liz pull cris into the hall , out of sight of the kid . liz what be you do here ? cris ( beam ) I bring ice cream sandwich for everybody . liz Ice cream sandwich ? do you have any idea how much fat they have in they ? do not you see how overweight half of they be ? cris ( crestfallen ) I - I do not think of it . - I think you would be happy to see I . liz well next time exercise a little forethought , okay ? he 's speechless . cris do you want I to leave this somewhere ? liz no. cris all right then . I will just go . see he doleful expression , Liz can not help smile . she glance up and down the hall , then kiss he lasciviously on the lip . liz put a few in the freezer . I love ice cream sandwich . with a mischievous grin , she duck back into class , leave cris reeling , but exhilated . 54 . int . chinese restaurant - night Liz and cris stuff they mouth with lo mein . she set down she chopstick , pick up a red pencil and industriously resume mark up a stack of papers . liz you have be such a bad influence . I be gonna be up all night grade papers . cris watch , bored . cris I have get a better idea . run away with I to the South Pacific . liz funny . we have only know each other a week . cris but we be go to be happy together for the rest of we life . really , I peek . she pick up the chopstick and take another bite . liz I think you be serious . cris deadly . she muse , tempt . cris let 's go pack you bag . we will leave tonight . liz and what will we do for money ? cris do not worry . that 's always be easy for I . she get lose in the fantasy . he can almost taste the fulfilmment of he dream . liz this be ridiculous . 55 . cris why ? liz well , first of all , it 's the middle of the school year . cris they will replace you . liz and I be in charge of science fair . cris they can pick up the slack . his unbridle enthusiasm bring out she inner adult . liz it disturb I , cris , that you think it 's okay just to duck you responsibility . he 's take aback by she sudden shift . cris I - I do not think it 's okay . I be not that kind of person . but I have this feel , this very strong feel , that it have to be now . we have to leave soon , or it 's not gonna work out . liz I do not believe that . if it 's mean to be between two people , somehow it will happen . cris yes , but sometimes you have to make it happen . you have to seize the opportunity before it 's too late . he try to keep he desperation from show , but she see right through he . liz what be you afraid of , cris ? why be you run away from yourself ? ( more ) 56 . liz ( cont would ) whatever it be you be look for , I do not think you be go to find it on some island , cut off from the rest of the world . he adore she more than ever , and fear lose she even more . cris you student be very lucky . she put she hand on he . liz now I have get to grade papers . ext. Church - day Liz and cris file by the pastor after the service and mill about on the lawn with the other congregant . kid release pent up energy in the adjacent park . Randy approach cris . Randy a religious fella , be you ? ready to turn the other jaw ? cris offer he profile for hit . cris but then you have to sign the divorce papers . liz Randy , do not you dare . she drag cris towards a young couple with kide . Liz Paul , Janice . have you meet cris ? randy approach rick , a young local policeman who 's not the sharpest knife in the drawer . Randy there 's something weird about that jerk . have you check he out ? policeman rick I be not drag the Law into you romantic squabble , Randy . 57 . Randy c'mon , Rick , help I out here . ext. church - day Paul and Janice be chat with cris and Liz . Paul cris , be you free on Tuesday ? Cause I would like you to be my guest at the rotary luncheon . Janice I be the first female member . cris grow distract . out the corner of he eye , he see a sport car gun it down the street , pass a sunday driver to beat a red light . at that moment , a kid miss a catch and a baseball roll into a street , where a twenty - ish woman jogger run over to get it , just as the sport car pass the Sunday driver , see the jogger , and skid , force a bus to swerve and plow into a group of people stand at the corner . snapback to : a few second earlier Paul cris , be you free on Tuesday ? Cause I would like you to be my guest at the rotary luncheon . Janice I be the first female member . cris be space out . liz cris . ignoring they , cris turn toward the street where he see the accident take place . he see kid , but they be jump rope . wrong group . he scan around and find the kid who be play softball . someone miss a catch . the ball roll toward the street . the sport car be now come fast . the woman jogger see the errant ball and run to fetch it . cris miss ! Lady ! do not ! 58 . she 's wear earbud and can not hear he . he 's too far away to grab she . he 's closer to the approach sport car . cris pick up a rock , prepare to throw , hesitates a beat , squint .... he throw . miss . snapback . throw . miss . snapback . again . again . score a hit . snapback . open he eye and hurl the stone . Liz and the bystander watch , appal , as the rock shatter the driver side window of the sportscar , which instead of skid , screech to a halt . the bus drive by without incident , injure no one . the Driver of the sportscar burst from he car and furiously charge cris . cris I be sorry . I be sorry . I will pay for the damage . the Driver curse cris and try to grab and hit he . but cris deftly deflect the blow so that they seem harmless . cris I say I will pay . realizing he can not land a punch , the Driver change tack . driver you be damn right you will pay ! I wanna talk to the cop . cris no need for that . I will give you cash . okay ? will you take cash ? he pull out he wallet . cris two thousand ? that should cover it . driver make it three . cris okay , three . he dig in he pocket and pull out the stack of hundred . 59 . on randy and policeman rick who have see the whole incident . policeman rick I will run he through the computer . ext . Park - a minute later away from the crowd . Liz , concerned and alienate , walk a step to the side of cris . cris people should not drive that fast around kid . they should not get away with it . liz so you throw rock at they ? cris what do you want I to do ? wait for people to die ? Liz be tear . liz cris ... I think you should move on . today . cris look at she , almost bereft , and make a tough decision . cris look , there 's something I have be want to tell you . liz it do not matter . cris it do . she 's afraid to hear it . he 's afraid to say it . ext . another church - day cavanaugh be milling around after service when he cell phone chirp . he answer , peeve . 60 . cavanaugh cavanaugh ... no , you be right to call ... Ring ferris and have she meet I there . he close he cell phone . turn to he wife . cavanaugh they have locate he near tahoe . cavanaugh 's wife if you let he get away again , you may not have a job . cavanaugh I know . cavanaugh take he leave . ext . park - day Liz react to cris ' confession with disbelief . liz what be you say , you be some sort of prophet ? cris it 's not religious . I just happen to see my life before it happen . liz cris , it 's sweet that you feel responsible for people . but I think you need help . she look down . liz and I be ... I be not the one to help you , right now . I have get too much go on in my own life . cris can not let she go . he take a quarter from he pocket and hand it to Liz . cris flip it . liz why ? 61 . cris just do it . she take the quarter and flip it . cris call it in the air . cris head . she look . it 's head . cris flip it again . ( call it in the air ) tail . tail it be , but so what . she flip again . cris tail . ( she look ; flip again ) head . ( she look , flip again ) tail . she look . amaze . disturb . cris now you believe I ? she stare at he like he 's the devil . liz yeah . and I do not want to have anything to do with you . she walk away . cris liz. ( follow ) do not you see ? I can get we all the money we need . she turn abruptly . liz do not follow I . do not talk to I . get out of my life ! she walk on , leave cris bereft . snapback to : 62 . walking in the park - five minute ago cris what do you want I to do ? wait for people to die ? liz cris ... I think you should move on . today . cris squint , then choose he word carefully . cris why ? because I care so much about kid that sometimes I overreact ? his word hit the bull 's - eye . Liz 's whole demeanor soften . although still troubled , she take he arm , and they walk on . another angle - binocular mask ferris ( o.s . ) who 's the woman ? ext. hillside overlook park - day ferris , cavanaugh , and policeman Rick be each look through a pair of binocular . policeman rick Liz Cooper . Nice girl , but very erratic . cavanaugh think she will cooperate ? policeman rick hard to say . she 's impossible to control . ferris sound like you have try . policeman rick she 's quite a challenge . ext . park - day Liz and cris , still walk , hold hand . liz I swear , I can not figure you out . 63. cris believe I , the feel be mutual . liz sometimes you seem mindlessly impulsive . but other time I feel like you be utterly calculate , say exactly what you think will push my button . cris what do you mean ? liz do not you think it 's kind of a amazing coincidence that neither of we can have kid ? cris you want to talk to my doctor ? I will get he on the phone . no , really , I mean it . I will have he send you my record . because I want you to trust I . he seem so sincere that she dismiss she concern . liz then open up . talk to I . where be you go with you life ? cris seem unprepare for the question . cris wherever it take I . liz you never think about the future ? cris all the time . - but mainly how to stay out of trouble . liz no goal ? dream ? ambition ? cris there 's only one thing I have ever want . liz what 's that ? 64 . cris a family . she seem disappointed . liz that 's all ? just a family ? cris well , I be , as they say , leave on a doorstep when I be two . ( make light of it ) never find foster parent who could put up with I . - so to I , a family sound like plenty . that certainly press she button again . liz you have get to be make this up . cris I wish . she rest she head on he shoulder . liz you poor guy . ext. hillside overlook park - day still watch cris and Liz as the couple get into she car . cavanaugh I say we get the whole department up here and bust he ass . ferris and by that time , he ass will be long go . cavanaugh then why will not he see through you trap ? ferris take a deep breath . ferris let 's try this one more time . 65 . ext. old shopping CENTER - day grocery , drug store , hardware , gas station . Liz and cris get out of she Jeep . he head for the grocery store . liz I will meet you inside . I need to pick something up at the drug store . they split up . ext. across the street - unmark car - day ferris , cavanaugh , and policeman Rick watch the couple go they separate way . ferris get out . ferris stay in the car . if he see you shadow , he will not take the bait . cavanaugh we hear you . ferris I be serious . this guy can smell you fart before you even eat the bean . rick miss , I will not even think about bean . ferris get out of the car . cavanaugh and Rick stay put . Rick sound like a crock to I . cavanaugh you have not be chase he for three year . int . drugstore - day Liz be in the female department , try to choose between various brand when ferris approach . ferris miss Cooper . liz yes ? 66 . ferris agent ferris . ferris show she badge . homeland Security . Liz , frighten , be ready to listen . int . drug store - day ferris and Liz huddle in a quiet corner . Liz be in shock from what she have just hear . liz he 's not a killer . he need help . ferris I agree . but he have a long history of resisting arrest , and the state want to hunt he down with fifty trigger - happy cop . liz ( aghast ) you be not gonna let they . ferris that 's why I come to you . liz okay , I will talk to he . I will try to get he to ... ferris shake she head lamentably . ferris even he best friend say he will never turn himself in . - at this stage , there 's only one way to keep he from self - destruct . Liz know she 's face a agonizing decision . ext . grocery store parking lot - day cris wait impatiently by she Jeep . Liz finally approach , carry a couple of heavy bag fill with wine and booze . cris what take so long ? liz I run into a friend I have not see in a while . 67 . Liz hold out a single key on a ring . liz she say we could use she cabin up at the peak . across the STREET ferris rejoin cavanaugh and ferris in Rick 's car . cavanaugh do you tell she about the future thing ? ferris of course not . I want she to believe I . - but I load she up with liquor , to dim he headlight . ext. Mountain road - day Liz 's Jeep grind up a steep , wind road , past a sign that say " State line . " she turn onto a dirt driveway that lead to a cabin and a glorious panorama . cris God , this be gorgeous . inspire , he kiss she , but she 's distant . cris what 's wrong ? she smile wanly , then give he a peck . liz nothing . she hop out of the truck . ext. stakeout site across the canyon - day cavanaugh and Rick look through binocular . ferris peer through a telescope on a tripod . baine approach with a half dozen tech and construction guy . 68 . baine okay , when you press the remote , the cabin will lock down like a big jail cell . ferris but silently , right ? baine unnoticeably . cavanaugh and that 's when we go in . ferris roll she eye with exasperation . ferris you still do not get it . ( try to be patient ) this have to be clear to you whole army . ( to baine ) and yours . -- after she come out and we lock down the cabin ... we do not do anything . we wait . policeman rick but if he 's already trap ...? ferris gentlemen , try to think like he . - if the plan be to go in right after he 's trap , he will see it come and he will slip away before he 's trap ... ( to cavanaugh ) like he 's always do . cavanaugh how do you plan change anything ? baine at least he will not hear it when the trap close . ferris and if he do not know he 's trap , he can not foresee know he 's trap . cavanaugh that kinda make sense . 69 . ferris the eureka moment be when he realize he 's be trap . cavanaugh when be that ? ferriS that 's the point . we want to delay " eureka " for as long as possible . so by the time he see trouble and decide to waltz away ... baine ( finally get it ) he 's already be in the trap for hour . ferris voila . cavanaugh and Rick nod with a kind of awe . rick you be smart . baine look at she with new respect . int . cabin bathroom - sunset Liz look in the mirror , tear . int . cabin - parlor - sunset cris be lighting a fire he have build . Liz drift in , pensive . liz cris . do you think we meet for a reason ? cris you mean , do I believe a higher power bring we together ? liz yeah . cris no . I think we be just the last in a long chain of accident that start with the Big bang . 70 . liz that 's not very romantic . cris oh , but it be . think of it : for we to meet , everything from the very beginning , every sub-atomic event , every galactic cataclysm , every step of evolution , every act , every accident , every decision in the history of the universe have to happen exactly the way it do just so you and I could be together , right here and now . she be move by he word , but they make she strangely sad . cris pour two glass of scotch . hand one to Liz . cris to whatever happen next . she do not drink . liz I should not . cris ( concerned ) why ? liz I be late . cris late ? liz that 's why I go to the drug store . to get a pregnancy test . off he puzzlement , she hand he a small plastic tab . a square cross be come into focus . he recognize the image from the donut shop display case just before he meet Liz for the first time . liz you know what this mean ? 71 . cris I do now . they look at each other , equally perplex . liz how do it ...? cris I have no idea . unless ... but that still do not explain ... she struggle to make sense of it . cris Liz , I really do have this problem . I be not lie to you . he can not read she reaction . cris but this be good . this be amazing . I want this baby more than anything . she look at he , emotional . liz it 's like a miracle . cris for both of we . she let he hold she . ext . around the mountain - night State trooper be campe out in two 's and three 's . fifty of they . plus baine ' six mp 's , wear different uniform . int . cabin - bedroom - night Liz and cris in bed . her head on he chest . this time he 's the one sleep while she lie awake . ext. stakeout site - night ferris and baine sip coffee and wait . they find each other attractive . baine think she will come through ? 72 . ferris shake she head with certainty . ferris woman hate good-look man . rejecting they make we feel powerful . baine and that 's more important than love ? ferris no . but she do not really love he . int . cabin - bedroom - night Liz ease away from cris , try not to wake he . he stir ... but settles back into slumber . she slither out of bed and tiptoe to the bathroom . silently close the door behind she . int . bathroom - night Liz stand there in the dark , heart pound . she see that the window be open . she look at it , decide . int . cabin - day the morning sun on cris ' sleep face . his foot slide in search of Liz . not find she , he open he eye . check the clock . 10:09 am . cris Liz ... Liz ? no answer . he walk to the bedroom door . lock . he try to force it . wo not budge . tries the window . bar across it - that be not there before . shake they . solidly bolt . look outside . no one 's around . he 's about to shout , but stop himself . run into the bathroom . bar over that window , too . as he stand there , trap , ferris step into view outside . ferris surprise . snapback to : 73. int . cabin - night cris ' eye flash open in bed . Liz be not there . he throw off the cover , pause to scan ahead -- then rush straight to the bathroom and throw open the door . Liz be still there , in the dark , face the open window . cris you lie bitch ! you betrayed I ! she dart for the window and start to climb through . cris pull she back by she robe . she scream . bar slide silently into place over the bathroom window , lock they both in . blinding light spike on throughout the forest , converge like javelin at that cabin . snapback to : int . cabin : moment earlier cris throw open the bathroom door . Liz be still there , in the dark , face the open window . see the expression on he face , she dart for the window . this time , cris do not move . cris ( whisper ) Liz , please , I love you . she hesitates . cris let I talk to you for one minute . I will not hurt you , I promise . she turn around , tremble . liz cris , I know you do not mean to hurt people . but you need help or you be go to keep on hurt they . cris the man I kill be there to rob the store . he be go to panic and shoot five innocent people . 74 . liz how do you know this ? cris because I see they die . liz like yesterday , with the car ? cris yes . liz you be afraid something bad might happen so you ... cris not " might " ! that people die ! - they just have not die yet . his certainty be almost convincing . liz what if you have not do anything ? have you ever wait to see what would happen ? cris once . the trauma replay on he face . cris that 's why I do not go out much . so I will not be there to see . Liz do not know what to believe , but she feel for he . ext. stakeout site - night ferris , cavanaugh , baine , and Rick be watch through night-vision scope . cavanaugh what 's take so long ? baine we could just do this the old - fashioned way . 75 . int . cabin / bathroom - night Liz step toward cris . liz cris , you be a good man . and I will stand by you through this . but you have to ... cris if they catch I , they will put I in a cell without a trial , and they will never let I out . they do that , you know . liz I will not let it happen . I will get you a lawyer . suddenly distract , cris squint with that faraway gaze . liz cris ... cris . he snap out of it . cris there 's one decent path . ( fix she gaze ) but if we be gonna stay on it , I need you to do exactly what I say . how can she listen to this madman ? cris will you give I one chance ? one chance in exchange for a miracle ? stakeout site ferris , cavanaugh , baine , and Rick be get worried . cavanaugh we can not wait any longer . we have get to go in . ferris look at baine , who do not encourage she . ferris okay . wait for my signal . 76 . int . cabin - bathroom - night Liz listen , dubious , as cris crouch beneath the window sill , scribbling a note on a scrap of paper . cris a few step on , you robe will get catch on a thornbush . you will not be able to get unstuck . ferris and a tough guy will come help you . she will say , " you have do you country a great service . " liz and then ? cris be unpredictable . surprise work to my advantage . - and read this when you be safe . he tuck the note into she robe pocket . liz will I see you again ? cris Bet on it . she gather she courage and step to the open window . stakeout site everyone be coiled , wait for ferris to give the word . cavanaugh be on the radio with he man , ready to pass it on . ferris take a last look through the nightvision binocular . that 's when Liz climb awkwardly out of the bathroom window in she bathrobe . ferris she 's come now . ( to cavanaugh ) we stay put . tell they . cavanaugh ( disappointed , via radio ) we stand pat till notify . do not make a sound . when Liz be out of the cabin , ferris activate the remote control . 77 . all around the cabin Doors lock and bar slide into place almost inaudibly . stakeout site ferris shine a flashlight toward Liz , on off . she head in the general direction of the light , but stop behind a thick - trunked oak tree , which block she from they view . behind the oak tree cris back out from under Liz 's robe . stakeout site ferris , cavanaugh , baine , and Rick shine they flashlight on the oak tree , wait for Liz to reappear . ferris what 's she wait for ? Liz step into view from behind the oak tree . ferris shine the light towards she again . she head straight toward they . on liz as predict , the hem of she robe get catch in the thorns . she try to pull free , but she 's stick . stakeout site ferris and baine wade into the thicket to extricate she . among the thorns ferris and baine reach Liz . ferris you have do you country a great service . the predict word hit she hard . liz then why do I feel like a traitor ? ferris and baine free she and lead she up the hill . behind the oak tree 78 . cris scurries away , use the sound of they rustling to cover he escape . ext . Forest - night cris scurries near a trio of state troopers . he step on a twig which snap loudly . pan back to find a second cris approach down the same path . cris 1 dissolves as cris 2 step around the twig and continue undetected . a few step on , cris 2 slip on mud and slide noisily down a slope . pan back to find cris 3 , who detour onto step stone then rejoin the original path , undetected . stakeout site baine and ferris help Liz back to they camp . ferris Rick , get she some coffee . Liz pull the note from she robe pocket and read cris ' handwrite : " then why do I feel like a traitor ? " cavanaugh ( relay a message ) we have get movement in the canyon . ( to radio ) where be you ? a flashlight shine up at cavanaugh from the canyon . ferris and baine scan they infra-re scope at the area . ferris ' infrare Pov : a hot human shape hurry over rough terrain with stealthy urgency . back to scene ferris and baine look through they scope . baine she tell he . cavanaugh we try it you way . ferris go for it . but I want he alive . 79 . cavanaugh pick up the radio with evident satisfaction . cavanaugh boy , now it 's we turn . fifty searchlight blaze on and stab through the forest . ferris I want he alive . tell they . cavanaugh ( afterthought , to radio ) and the fed want he alive . ferris urgently take baine aside . ferris we need to get to he first . troopers spread out through the steep terrain . searchlight beam sweep over the landscape . cris move erratically , presciently , in burst , dodging the streaking spot of glare . stakeout site Liz be drink coffee next to Rick 's police car . ferris approach , coldly know . ferris you have make a very stupid mistake . liz I trust he more than I trust you . ferris I would not swallow the " I love you " part . liz you have never even meet he . ferris but I have profile he for month . and I can tell you this : he do not love anybody . how could he ? to he , we be not even human . ( more ) 80 . ferris ( cont would ) we be the character in a videogame , and he 's the player with the joystick . we say we line , and he practice he move until we do what he want . in the forest cris on foot , run over rough terrain . State trooper converge . searchlight beam crisscross . a cone of light pass over cris . come back . find he . trooper there ! I get he ! he find himself face to face with two trooper , gun aim straight at he . trooper 1 stop ! cris tumble , draw fire , serpentine through the wood , feint , freezing , unhittable - move closer . trooper 2 take better aim ! trooper 1 I be try ! cris be within fight distance . chop to a arm . punch to diaphragm . cris be now hold trooper 1 's six - shot revolver . trooper 1 run . cris do not fire after he . instead , he take aim at a searchlight at a great distance . squint . then fire and score a direct hit with the first shot . turn to a second search light . squint . squeeze off a second shot . the lamp shatter . ext . stakeout site - night baine and ferris watch as , around the mountain , gunshot sound and searchlight go dark . baine you might be right about this guy . ferris ( shake she head ) I underestimate he . 81 . the searchlight next to she shatter . ferris by a lot . the hunt cris get pin down behind a tree . a trooper keep fire , try to drive he from hide . cris boldly come out from cover and run , give the trooper a clear shot . but the trooper run out of ammo at just that moment . trooper shit ! stakeout site watch through binocular , speak into radio . ferriS be thorough , gentleman . if you leave a way out , he will find it . elsewhere in forest baine ' well - train mp 's have set up a triangulate trap . they operate like skilled special force commando . one of they signal , finger to eye , that he have spot cris . cris enter a clear and continue straight into the trap ! the team leader prepare to give the signal to shoot . cris ' movement flush a stag from the hide . it knock over one mp and cause another to miss he shot . the leader see the stag and scan around for cris . camera reposition to reveal that the stag now stand between cris and the leader . the leader shoot the stag , kill he , but not before cris dash to cover in another stand of tree . two mp 's fire at cris . but shoot each other . team leader ( to radio ) I have get two man down . friendly fire . stakeout site ferris , discourage , come to a tough decision . ferris ( to radio and baine ) Change of plan , everybody . ( more ) 82. ferris ( cont would ) try to kill he . use everything you have get . cavanaugh ( o.c. ) be this a joke ? ferris no , it 's a order . baine do not get emotional here . she want baine to understand . ferris there 's only one way to beat this man . he 's get to see he own death , and not just maybe . he 's get to see himself die again and again and know it 's inescapable . and then , maybe , he will surrender . baine and if he do not ? ferris that will be he choice . and he be no use to we anyway . in the forest cris be suddenly the target of a turkey shoot . he hop around like a mountain goat while bullet ching off rock and splinter tree . he stay alive , but only by a hair 's breadth . cris find himself pin down by four trooper . he rush trooper one , who fire , and hit cris solidly in the chest . snapback to : cris rush the position of trooper two . before he get there , cris get shot in the gut . snapback to : cris rush the third trooper , who hesitates , frighten , then shoot -- and miss . cris charge up to he , knock he shoot arm away , take he weapon , use he a shield , then fire at a fourth trooper as he charge out from the tree . it 's cavanaugh , now cover in blood . snapback to : 83. cris use trooper Three as a shield , but when cavanaugh come charge from the tree , cris doesn't FIRE . instead he shove trooper Three at cavanaugh , send they both tumble down a slope . stakeout site another setback . baine damn . fifty man might not be enough . ferris somehow we have get to bring he down to we level . baine get any idea ? ferris I be workin ' on it . in the forest cris cross a ridge that lead he into steep ravine . he can not get back up . stakeout site baine and ferris listen to the police band . Liz stand nearby . she can hear the patter . baine he 's cross over into maxwell gorge . ferris move in fast . keep he move . do not let he rest . then it hit she . ferris do not give he time to look ahead . that 's the key . 84 . ext . maxwell gorge - night slowly make he way through the steep redwood - cover slope , cris hear a noise . look up . see a state police suv crashing down the cliff across the gorge . snapback to : maxwell gorge - now cris , catch he breath against a redwood , open he eye and look back toward he approach pursuer . he look around the gorge , search for the cliff where he foresaw the suv come crash down . he recognize the rock formation across the gorge . he head in that direction . pan up and we see that the cliff be directly under the ... stakeout site baine step closer to the edge and look down . baine he 's head this way . ferris , suddenly confident , shout into the radio . ferris cavanaugh ! we have get a fox hunt go in maxwell gorge , right beneath the stakeout . throw everybody into it ! we need to overload he ! Liz look around for some way to help . she spot the State Police suv that we see crash down the hillside . she sidle toward it . maxwell gorge thirty trooper and six mp 's be converge on cris . ferris ( o.c. ) gentlemen , if he surrender , fine , cuff he . but if he even shiver , shoot to kill . stakeout site Liz open the door of the suv , shift into neutral , and start push . - it 's too heavy to budge . 85 . maxwell gorge cris move toward a field of large boulder . stakeout site slowly , with great effort , Liz get the suv to inch forward . maxwell gorge trooper and mp 's be close in on cris . cavanaugh ( megaphone ) lie down on you stomach , hand behind you head ! you have get ten second . ten second and we shoot . cris climb in among the large boulder , glance up , and wait for the future to happen . stakeout site Liz get the suv onto a slight downslope , and it pick up speed . baine and ferris see the suv rumbling straight toward they . they dive out of the way as the suv plunge over the ledge . maxwell gorge trooper and mp 's be advance toward cris , about to open fire . cavanaugh this be you last warning . thirty trooper and mp 's have they finger on the trigger when the suv sail over the ledge and plummet straight down towards they . cris crouch down among the boulder just as the suv crash on top of he , then tumble toward he hunter , who scatter . cris make a run for it just as the suv explode in a fireball . stakeout site ferris and baine watch the event below . ferris keep after he ! Quick ! stay on he ! 86 . while they be distract , Liz climb into the front seat of rick's police cruiser , crank it up , slam into reverse , spin , and take off down the road . baine what the ...? liz fishtail down the twist mountain road . maxwell gorge cris practically mud-skis down the slope . trooper and mp 's hurtle after he . at the bottom , cris be carry by momentum onto the creekside road ... into the path of a police car that come careen around a curve ! Liz at the wheel . she swerve and slam on the brake , skid and screeching to a halt . trooper and mp 's slalom onto the road from the incline and rush after cris . cris make it to the car . Driver 's side . cris believe I now ? he climb in and gun it . liz I be get use to miracle . Three mp 's grab onto the car 's mirror and door handle . cris weave violently until they lose they grip and fly off . in Rick 's Police cruiser - dawn Liz and cris grin at each other . cris where be you go ? liz no idea . I be just try to be unpredictable . 87 . stakeout site - dawn ferris urgently unroll a road map and study it . in Rick 's Police cruiser - dawn cris speed down the treacherous curve . liz so what 's the plan ? bonnie and clyde ? cris remember that place in the South Pacific ? liz it 's start to sound really good . he pull out he cell phone . cris I will check on we ride . int . las vega penthouse - dawn neal , a 60 - ish tycoon with silvery hair , finish pack a expensive suitcase . a high - maintenance showgirl put the finish touch on she make - up in he marble bathroom . somebody 's cell - phone play the theme from " Peter gunn . " Pan across eight large suitcase , he and hers , ready to go , and find guy on the sofa , watch cnbc financial news . he reach into a coat pocket and flip open he handset . guy yeah ... guy signal Neal . this be the call they be expect . guy no , the jet 's not sell ... I be here with he now ... of course , he 's piss ... I can ask . with a smirk of triumph , he turn to Neal . guy he want to know how soon the jet can be ready . Neal conceal he evident satisfaction . 88. Neal I will wait until eight o'clock . but if he 's not there , I be take off without he . int . Rick 's Police cruiser - dawn cris , drive fast on the treacherous wind road , close he cell phone . cris it 's arrange . but we have to get to the North Vegas airport by eight . liz will we make it ? he concentrate as he screech around a curve . cris right now I be just try to stay alive . they hit a patch of ice . skid wildly . mountain road Rick 's Police cruiser swing over the side and tumble down a steep slope . there will be no survivor . hold on curve . Rick 's Police cruiser speed into view again !?? but this time , cris steer around the ice patch , skid dangerously , almost go over the side , but continue safely downhill . Rick 's Police cruiser Liz , palpitate , try to catch she breath . liz Christ , you live dangerously . cris just the opposite . I never take chance . 89 . mountain road - previous curve cavanaugh 's car speed into view , skid on the same patch of ice and skate over the side of the road , as cris do , the first time . there will be no survivor . and no second chance . stakeout site as a Federal chopper idle , ferris mark up a road map of the area with X 's . ferris ( to radio ) cavanaugh , get all you man into town . ( wait ) cavanaugh ? tell they . baine approach . baine he 's dead . crashed . ferris wince , then move on like a general in battle . ferris you take command of the chase . ( hand he the map ) have car block this intersection . she head over to the copter . baine why this ? ferris get in the chopper . he follow she inside , and the copter take off . mountain road cris take blind curve at high speed . cris do the doctor ever say why you could not have kid ? liz I grow up at Love Canal . 90 . cris what 's that ? liz a neighborhood back East build over a chemical dump . a bunch of my friend have birth defect . ( look back ) I always figure I be lucky just to be sterile . cris except you be not . and neither be I . we be different , that 's all . we just have to find the right match . a look between they . liz and somehow we do . they approach the entrance to the town . ext . hendersonville - dawn Police vehicle converge on the area , systematically block the intersection that ferris indicate . Rick 's Police cruiser cris thread he way through town , zigging and zag down street and alley . from the helicopter ferris see cris maneuver perfectly through the maze , avoid imminent trap and confrontation . baine ( discourage ) he do not miss a beat . ferris ( pleased , to herself ) come to momma . cris dodge another trap . 91 . ferris ( to radio ) stay after he . keep the pressure on . the bypass police car chase after Rick 's steal cruiser , which leave town on a street that merge with a windy narrow canyonside road . baine ( incredulous ) he 's drive right into it ... up ahead , beyond a blind curve , the road lead to a one - lane bridge over a deep chasm with raging rapid at the bottom . baine sometimes look one step ahead be not enough . on the far side of the bridge , out of sight , beyond a curve , EIGHT state police car form a barricade across the road . int . Rick 's Police cruiser - day have escape from town , cris and Liz share a glimmer of relief . liz you make it look easy . cris ' expression darken . cris oh shit . oh no . Liz what be it ? cris I blow it . they round a curve and the narrow bridge come into view . far side of bridge behind the barricade , ferris ' helicopter come in for a landing . 92 . int . Rick 's Police cruiser - day cris check he rearview mirror . a six - pack of cop car be right behind he . to he leave , a steep rock wall . to he right , a vertical drop - off into the canyon . cris drive on , the blood drain from he face . far side of the bridge ferris stride across the span , baine in she wake . arrive at the barricade , she approach the biggest state police car , a hummer -- and flash she badge . ferris I need you vehicle . she walk through the trooper and get into he hummer . baine what 's the plan ? ferris play chicken . baine do not be stupid ! he know what you will do ! ferris but so do I . and for once , that make we even . she start up the hummer . it roar . the bridge cris slam on the brake . stop the car . Police car stop behind he , block retreat . cris get out ! now ! or you'll die ! she hustle out . liz what 's go to happen ? cris we will find out . a quick look good - bye and he drive on . 93. hummer ferris gather she determination and floor it . on the bridge a game of chicken with a difference . on cris squint . cris ' vision : fast forward to the head on collision ! then a collage of alternate choice and outcomes : cris swerve ; slam on the brake ; get shot make a run for the rail ; spin out on the roadbed ; crash over the side , over the side , over the side ! but in every version , the hummer be unchange . unrelent . Dead on . the bridge - now they be speed closer . ferris total focus . no doubt or decision . cris ' vision : fast , quick , condensed the fall car crash onto the canyon wall , tumble downhill , explode ; fall again , this time crash directly onto boulder at the bottom ... on cris he drive toward a specific segment of railing between two light post . the bridge Rick 's cruiser crash through the railing and plunge over the side of the bridge . Liz run to the rail and lean over the side , watch the cruiser fall down , down , down through the narrow ravine . in the falling car cris unbuckle he seat belt . open the door . just before impact , he leap out , away from the car . 94 . bottom of canyon the car smashes into boulder at the shallow side of the river . a moment later , cris splashes a few yard away in the deep part of the rapid . on the bridge ferris peer down into the canyon . in the rapid cris bob to the surface and be carry away by the fierce current . the smashed cruiser also get carry into the river . Fighting the current , cris watch as the smashed police cruiser surge ahead of he - then disappear ! perplex for a beat , he suddenly understand and desperately swim for a rock and clamber onto it . camera pull back to reveal that cris be stick in the middle of the river -- about five foot from where it drop off into a waterfall ! a helicopter fly over he . on the rock cris look for a way out . see none , he jump ! and be swallow up in dark thunderous death . snapback to : cris still on the rock . look up and see a cable be lower from the helicopter . he look around ? be there another way out ? out of choice , he reach for the cable . miss ! lose he balance . flail . at the last second , he steady himself . he want to live . the cable dangle back into range . cris grab it . the cable be hook to a pair of handcuff . 95 . ferris watch through binocular as cris snap one cuff around he wrist -- and wait . she shout into she radio . ferris cuff on both wrist . leave he if he do not . baine in helicopter baine what can he do hang by one arm ? ferris I do not want to find out . baine speak to cris via loudspeaker . baine both wrist ! on the rock cris , defeat , attaches the second cuff to he other wrist . he be lift up into the air , hang by both arm . Bridge Liz sit , handcuff , in the back of a second U.S. government helicopter . ferris approach . ferris I be wrong about one thing . he be capable of love . helicopter descend , with cris hang below by a cable . mp 's be wait below with a tarp which they wrap around cris , then tape he like a mummy , up to he neck . when he 's bound as securely as hannibal lecter , ferris step close and get she first good look at he . ferris cris Johnson , we meet at last . cris why do everybody have amnesia but I ? 96 . ferris I only ask one thing from you . give I a chance to earn you trust . cris I do , and you fail . she seem genuinely surprised . ferris then give I another chance . you get `em all the time . she signal and cris be dumped into the wait helicopter . the door be slam behind he . int . helicopter - day Inside , cris be surprised to find himself alone with Liz . he edge closer so they can hear each other . cris do not let they know you be pregnant . the helicopter take off . cris you do not have to raise he . but at least let he be bear . can you do that ? it might be the only chance either of we get . liz I promise . they gaze at each other with intense long . liz work with they cris . so we can be together . he shake he head , fatalistic . cris I will get we out of here . we can still make the plane . she know it 's hopeless . 97 . ext. homeland security - vega office - day come into view by air . ext . homeland security - medical lab - day mo tech perform a battery of test on cris and Liz . wisdom , baine , and ferris watch through glass in a adjoin room . wisdom be you out of you mind ? do you ever play chicken before ? ferris this game be different . he know I would not flinch . baine covertly make the " big ball " gesture with two claw hand . wisdom nod knowingly . baine what 's new with the code Orange ? wisdom it 's red now . and we be out of lead . ferris then you better hope he 's what I say he be . wisdom please , make I a believer . white vestibule size of a elevator . cris stand there , bound ankle and wrist . click , the metal shackle open automatically and drop to the floor . cris reach down for they . possible weapon . struggle to lift they . can not . ferris ( o.c. ) electromagnets . int . observation room - day ferris , baine , and wisdom peer down into the White vestibule through a window . technician operate a control panel . 98 . wisdom be not you be a little over - cautious ? ferris not possible with he . she lean forward , flip a toggle . down below , in the vestibule , a door slide open . ferris cris , please step into the next room . white vestibule cris give up on the chain and sullenly step forward . white room size of a squash court . cris enter gingerly and peer around . twenty foot up , a observation window , opaque . on the other wall , rifle barrel poke through narrow sly . the door slide shut behind he . observation room ferris lean forward and speak . ferris cris , we will be fire at you with live ammo . be you ready ? wisdom you be shoot you secret weapon ? ferris signal wisdom to be patient . cris just stand there , flatfoote , arm fold , unafraid . ferris nod . a techie press a button . the three rifle FIRE . cris be hit square in the chest ! by three blue paintballs . cris you be pay for the shirt . wisdom ( unconvince ) I hope you have get more than that . 99 . ferris now we be go to use live ammo . wisdom not on my watch , you be not . ferris I promise you , he will not be hit . wisdom look she in the eye . see she certainty . wisdom it 's you experiment . ferris lean toward a microphone , but before she can speak ... cris " from now on , cris , the bullet be real . " ferris sit back and nod to the techy to proceed . bare white chamber cris balance , at the ready , as the three rifle take aim at he . he lunge at the very instant that one rifle fire . a bullet zing by he ear . as the second rifle fire , cris contort -- and a bullet part he hair . as the third rifle fire , he tumble away , almost a blur . more shot , in rapid sequence , erratic rhythm . two at a time . Three at a time . like a pinball , cris pivot , crouch , dodge every bullet . then suddenly stop . stands there . a easy target . click , click , click , the gun be out of bullet . ferris he 's almost impossible to shoot , hit , surprise , capture , or contain . wisdom mind if I try ? ferris be my guest . wisdom take out he handgun , carefully aim , and discharge six shot at cris - do not score a hit . 100 . wisdom how do you know it 's prevision ? maybe he 's read mind . ferris show the aim gantry to wisdom . ferris no mind to read . the gun be aim automatically by infrared . wisdom ( impressed ) what other trick can he do ? ferris push a toggle , and a pocket door slide open in a wall . ferris ( to cris ) please step into the next room . cris I be go . no need for a hotfoot . baine ( explain , to wisdom ) the floor be electrify . he must have try resisting and foreseen the result . cris walk through the doorway into ... the smaller white room which be familiar from the open sequence , but not exactly the same . because it 's not exactly the same future . a heavy chair , bolt to the floor , face a plasma screen monitor on the wall . to the leave of the screen be a mirror ; to the right , a digital clock - calendar . ferris ' face appear on the monitor . ferris on monitor cris , it 's time to get start with the next test . this will not be unpleasant . we just need to you sit in the chair . cris eye the chair with suspicion . 101 . ferris on monitor I want you to look ahead , tell I the time on the clock and then tell I what film clip you see play . let 's start with five minute from now . then we will press ahead as far as you be capable of . ( to wisdom ) the clip have be assemble at random by a computer , so nobody know what will be play next . cris look into the mirror and see he face reflect - as a old man . he turn away . cris look , I will stand here and tell you what I see . intercut booth / white room ferris on monitor I be afraid we need you to sit . cris why ? ferris on monitor why not ? cris I know what happen . ferris on monitor tell we . cris you tie I down and never let I out . wisdom look at ferris . she shrug , sheepish . ferris that 's only because you will not cooperate . cris because you be try to force I . 102 . ferris work with we , cris , and you can be a hero . fight we , and thing will get worse and worse . cris squint , frustrated , look for a way out . ferris on monitor ( severe ) now sit in the chair . one. two . Three . ferris switch the toggle . the sizzle of electricity . cris hop and jump in agony . ferris turn away , then make herself look . wisdom whoa , you be one tough bitch . ferris we be still in a code Red if I be not mistaken . she turn off the juice . wisdom he know he would get shocked , but he choose to resist . ferris he 's almost never have to face consequence . ( flip toggle ) cris , be you ready to get in the chair ? cris , recover , shoot she the finger . she switch the toggle again - and leave it on . wisdom do not have the stomach to watch . ferris we need information , right ? cris collapse , unconscious . ferris leave he there . we will start again when he recover . 103 . int . wisdom 's office - day wisdom and ferris be both traumatize by the torture . wisdom okay , how do we use he to find the bomb ? ferris simple . we make he watch the news and tell we about it . wisdom how far ahead can he see ? ferris I do not know . but I suspect we can increase he range with practice . especially if we restrict he future to only watch news . then he will be like a timescope . wisdom nod . wisdom you be right . this be huge . ferris this be just for starter . you want to stage a pre-emptive strike , he can tell you if you will hit the target and whether they hit back and what go wrong . and you can do this over and over until you get it perfect before you begin . wisdom chuckle at the enormity of the potential . wisdom and all he 's ever do with it be a little gambling and security fraud ? ferris I know , it 's amazing ; but he 's not ambitious . wisdom damn , how will we control this guy when he figure out what he 's capable of ? 104 . ferris we control he now . we just have to keep it that way . wisdom right now , sweetheart , we can not even get he to sit in a chair . dread suddenly wash over wisdom . wisdom we have get to think this through . you friend could be more dangerous than the terrorist . ferris be not you run ahead of yourself ? wisdom with this guy , you have to . or it will be over before it begin . ferris so we will keep he in chain . wisdom that may not be enough . we may have to cut off he arm and leg . then I might start to feel safe . ferris grin uncomfortably . ferris you be not serious . wisdom think about it . what we be talk about here be the next step in human evolution . and I be not gonna make the same mistake the neanderthals make when they run across this good - look homo sapien fellow and all the lady neanderthals say , " he 's so cute . let 's keep he around . " ferris can we deal with you sexual insecurity at another time ? 105 . wisdom you mean after it 's too late ? ferris seem to come around to wisdom 's logic . ferris I wish you would give I a chance to chain he up before you decide to prune he into a stump . they be both fill with dread . wisdom you think he know ? already ? white room cris on the floor . his expression harden . corridor ferris and wisdom stride through the facility almost at a run . wisdom I have not make any firm decision . maybe we will just keep he tie up . ferris I tell you , he do not read mind . he see the result . white room cris rise from the floor into a crouch position , like a animal ready to pounce . the door fly open and a dozen armed mp 's charge in , rifle at the ready , and surround cris . cris check the time on the digital clock . it 's 5:12 pm . corridor ferris and wisdom get closer ; he 's on a cellphone . wisdom tell baine to meet we there . and bring a dozen man . 106 . white room motionless , in a crouch ... cris suddenly dash between two mp 's , shove they aside , make for the door . he get smashed by the rifle butt of the nearest one , then stomp by the full contingent . [ attempt # 1 ] area outside the White room ferris and wisdom arrive and look through the window . there Pov : cris be alone in the room , in that crouch position . no mp 's . what we have just see ... have not happen yet . outside the white room baine arrive with the dozen armed mp 's we see in the previous scene . wisdom wait for my signal , then go in and surround he . wisdom and ferris hurry upstairs into the observation Booth . we pass through the wall into the ... White room where in some future cris be once again surround by the Dozen mp 's who be actually outside , wait to charge in . suddenly , cris pounce low at one soldier 's hip , shove he into the soldier next to he , which knock over a third soldier . cris dash for the door , but four mp 's pull he away before he can get out . [ attempt # 2 ] observation room ferris and wisdom enter and look down at cris , who crouch alone , motionless , in the White room . ferris prepare to speak to he . wisdom interrupt . wisdom I will do the talk . wisdom go to the microphone . wisdom cris , this Eric wisdom . I be the director of this facility . ( more ) 107 . wisdom ( cont would ) we be in the middle of a code Red , and we would like you help in prevent a major catastrophe . cris I do not believe you . outside white room baine and the dozen mp 's wait , ready to charge in . wisdom ( o.s . ) I apologize for the way you have be treat . agent ferris get a little carry away . White room cris , once again surround by the same Dozen mp 's , suddenly punch one of they , kick another , and now have the mobility to start use he tai chi move . but the other mp 's gang up on he and pile on , bury he under they weight . [ attempt # 3 ] wisdom ( o.s. ) could I ask you as a favor to please sit in the chair so we can begin ? observation room wisdom and ferris watch as cris still just crouch there , motionless , alone , in the empty room . he check the clock . it 's 5:09 pm . just minute before the mp 's will charge into the room . white room cris run to the door and try to bar it so they can not enter . he get shove aside by the force of the mp 's as they charge in . [ attempt # 4 ] observation room wisdom and ferris watch as cris still just crouch there , motionless , in the empty room . wisdom flick off the mike . wisdom what 's he do ? ferris look ahead . 108 . wisdom ( to microphone ) cris , time be run out . White room - cris be again crouch and surround by the Dozen mp 's . wisdom ( plasma screen ) we need you cooperation right away . suddenly cris attack use he tai chi skill . he outfight four of they , but then be subdued by the other . [ attempt # 5 ] snapback : cris be again crouch and surround by the Dozen mp 's . wisdom ( plasma screen ) cris , do not you feel some sense of obligation to the rest of we ? you ability could save so many life . suddenly he repeat the martial art attack , but refine it , beat six mp 's this time before be subdued ... [ attempt # 6 ] snapback : cris be again crouch and surround by the Dozen mp 's . wisdom ( plasma screen ) cris , do not you feel some sense of obligation to the rest of we ? you ability could save so many life . faster and faster , over and over , cris relive the attack , perfect he movement , find new opportunity . his skill increase with each iteration as he anticipate every soldier 's action and counter it with the great economy of mean . [ attempt # 7 - 12 ] the fight take on the quality of choreography as the mp 's seem to step right into cris ' punch and kick . cris flip and throw they into each other , leveraging they movement to achieve he goal with perfect efficiency . but cris still can not quite get out the door . observation room 109 . look down at cris , still crouch there , alone . ferris do not give he time . send they in now . wisdom baine , do it . ext. White room baine give the signal and the dozen wait mp 's charge in through the door , rifle at the ready . the foreseen attack be now beginning in real time . int . White room the mp 's surround cris , as foreseen . he remain in the center of they , crouch , motionless . for a long beat , they just stand there , rifle aim at they freeze quarry . wisdom ( plasma screen ) cris , do not you feel some sense of obligation to the rest of we ? you ability could save so many life . cris suddenly attack ... and with perfect economy of movement , like a diver execute thirteen twist in the second before he hit the water , cris execute the previous routine with a new " finale " and ... elegantly slip past all the mp 's into the hall - and slam the door behind he , lock they in ! the escape have the quality of magic . it take a beat for the mp 's to realize what have happen . observation booth wisdom and ferris be agog . wisdom what happen ? - you idiot ! ferris draw she gun and charge down the stair . outside white room cris be wait for she and somehow he have she gun in he hand . 110 . cris do not make I do what I can do . cris spin and shoot wisdom in the shin as he start down the stair . wisdom collapse . cris do not get too attach to you arm and leg . cris spin and get the drop on baine . cris do not . baine set down he gun . cris take off . wisdom do not let he out of here alive . baine open the door to the White room . mp 's stampede out in hot pursuit . baine isolate the building . if there 's one exit overlook , he will know it . ferris if there 's one soft heart , one slow shooter , he will know it . ferris attend to wisdom , bleed on the stair . ferris do not worry . I catch he once ; I will catch he again . wisdom be careful . I do not want anything to happen to you . they care about each other more than they have let on . corridor cris. running . mp 's and general Security Police close behind . no place to hide . Soldiers open fire . cris dive for the floor , tumble , get to he foot , serpentine , and end up behind a door that open at the moment , as if by mental command , shield he from gunfire . 111 . Security Police pour out from the other side . cris reach around and grab someone 's gun . he open fire , buy himself enough cover to get to a doorway . cris stop , think , then charge out shoot , fight , run -- complete a condense burst of four impossible task that get he to the next point of refuge . he wait , think , charge and , with another burst of choreograph action , make it into a elevator whose door conveniently open at that moment . he dart inside , keep shoot , press certain button - start several storey up , and wait for the door to close . sergeant you five , up . you five , down . the rest stay with I . int . surveillance room - day bank of monitor , each contain a grid of mini-frame contain the pov of a surveillance camera -- hundred in all . leo , the soldier at the console , be twitchy and hyper - alert . Leo watch as the Security force split up . he scan the monitor to see where cris will resurface . int . elevator - day cris climb up through the ceiling panel . int . Elevator shaft - day when the elevator stop , he rip open a ventillation duct and climb inside . outside white room dr . field approach wisdom with a syringe . wisdom no demerol . I need to be alert . ferris get he a local . amanda , ferris ' junior analyst , rush in with lab report . amanda you ask for this as soon as they be ready . 112 . ferris not now . amanda you might want to check this result . she point to a particular page . impatient , ferris read . her eye widen . ferris how pregnant ? amanda a few day . ferris turn to wisdom . ferris this be get interesting . we have a mate pair . wisdom secure the female . Pov from ceiling - through ventillation grill Liz sit in a wait room by herself , read a magazine . psst ! she look up at the camera . cris ( o.c. ) unscrew the vent . she move a chair under the vent and prepare to stand on it . the door open and several mp 's march in . soldier ( to Liz ) we be here to protect you . without look up at cris , she move the chair back against the wall and sit in it . ventillation duct cris , frustrated , shimmy back through the vent . surveillance room Leo check all the video screen . cris be nowhere . 113 . Leo he must be in the wall . ventillation duct settle in , cris look at he watch . 5:17 . he concentrate and time speed by - until a flashlight beam light up the duct from a distance . soldier I find he ! in here ! as more Security Police and flashlight fill the shaft , cris check he watch : 5:33 . snapback : ventillation duct which be once again dark , quiet and empty . cris look at he watch . 5:17 . cris ( to himself ) sixteen minute . cris take a deep breath and crawl forward . remarkably , he seem to be crawling out of he motionless body like a snake shed its skin ! - in fact , cris 1 lie there in deep concentration , while cris 2 creep onward . exploration sequence cris drop down from a ventillator shaft into a office . he open the door , walk into a corridor , and stride forward , preternaturally calm . he advance through a unfold panorama of " stage set " on which different hypothetical scenario play out , one at a time , several simultaneously , or layer in like the melodic theme in a round or fugue , create the visual equivalent of harmony and counterpoint . cris encounter Security Police search for he . when they discover cris , they aim they weapon at he . he check the time . snapback a few second . he hide before they arrive . he go through a door into a room . people be there . snapback . hide in a different room . it 's empty . cris search the room . look in the desk drawer . put thing in he pocket . the door fly open . Security Police find he and shoot . snapback . 114 . cris tread down empty corridor . he multiply into a legion of cris johnson , duplicate again and again , as he explore room after room , search they sequentially . simultaneously . he spend much time in a handyman 's storeroom , while other cris Johnson 's fade away . cris 27 find the surveillance room with Leo in charge . cris scan the room . he be see . he wait to see who will shoot he first . he be hit in the chest . fade out . cris 35 get catch by two Security Police . he fight they , take they gun , but get kill by reinforcement . cris 63 wait in a room and peer through a crack in the door as he Pov fast forward , and he chart the coming and going of the search party , until they discover he , at which point he snapsback and hide in a different room . he 's hide in many room simultaneously . spy . piece together the schedule of the patrol in that corridor . the same situation repeat . scan for security camera . Fighting . win . lose . dying . he go down a stairwell . one version of himself exit at a landing . a second iteration of himself continue to the next floor down . at that landing , two iteration of himself turn in different direction , leave and right . we follow the one that go to the leave . he see mp 's take Liz from she hold room and escort she somewhere else . he follow . get see . by she . by they . snapback . he be wait in several location , watch to see where the mp 's will emerge with Liz . the mp 's and Liz emerge from a elevator in one of the location . the other cris ' fade out . Liz be ushere into a room and lock inside . four guard depart . two guard remain post outside . they see cris . he run down stair . into the corridor . into the room directly under the room where Liz be be hold . cris enter a forensics lab where the capture bomb be be study . there be a barrel of c4 plastic explosive . mp 's in the room turn on he and open fire . cris be blast and fall to the floor , dead . snapback to ... 115 . ventillation duct cris , where he start , motionless as a hibernate bear , explore he future . camera pass through wall , floor , ceiling and find baine rush through the corridor . baine enter ... wisdom 's office where wisdom pace with one crutch while ferris sit on a sofa like rodin 's thinker , in concentration almost as deep as cris ' . baine he have not get out through any exit . the bad news be ... wisd om you have lose he . baine I be issue infrared to all my man . we should have a fix in a few minute . wisdom you realize if he get away now , we will never get he back . he will be out there , and he will be we enemy . ferris look up . ferris I know how to flush he out . baine ( at a loss ) Fine . tell I what to do . the think crystallize as she speak . ferris we do not actually have to do anything . ( beat ) we just have to decide to do something ... unthinkable . ferris shudder at the dark brilliance of she own idea . 116 . int. ground floor of facility - day Guards stand in a solid line . no way out . cris off to one side , in a niche just inside the door . camera pan and find a second cris stand back , away from a exit . pan and find a legion of cris johnson , duplicate again and again , try each exit . at one dim exit , he lie on the ground , char and dead , next to the gauntlet of mp 's he have try to outrun . wisdom 's office wisdom and baine be look at each other , appal , then turn to ferris . wisdom you want I to threaten to kill a pregnant woman ? ferris threat do not count . when he foresee that you actually do kill she , that she 's dead ... ( beat ) he will not let it happen . - he will come to we . surrender . and she will live . wisdom regards she with perverse admiration . ferris but it only work if we be not bluff . because he will know . wisdom consider the decision that lie ahead for he . int . near the lobby - day cris be still try to get out the front door , but there 's one soldier , call he crack shot , who kill cris repeatedly . cris snapsback and try various tactic , but he can not get past crack shot alive . he give up . turn and run back into the heart of the building . cris ' mental pov expands to include the entire facility , like a crystal doll house . simultaneously , he be observe every room , present in every room , chart the place , testing possible action . 117 . the facility be a bee hive of activity . a bee hive that accelerate to fast forward -- until all time be simultaneous . until the simultaneous activity be make even denser by the accumulate layer of possibility . cris - 134 spy ferris and wisdom walk together . he follow they for a while , until he be discover . cris - 134 fade out . the ferris and wisdom who see he fade out . but another ferris and wisdom continue through the building , and they trail get pick up by cris - 62 , who have detour in order to encounter they . as cris ' goal be accomplish , superfluous version of himself fade away . the surveillance of a sequence of ferris-and - wisdom be continue by cris - 91 , then cris - 14 , who watch as wisdom and ferris approach two guard stand outside a interrogation room . we recognize they as the mp 's who be guard Liz , inside . wisdom be let into the interrogation room by the mp' . ferris proceed into a nearby office alone . snapback to : ventillation duct cris come out of he trance . check he watch . sixteen minute have pass . cris compose he thought , take a breath , then crawl forward , leave no cris behind . now it 's for real . a moment after he round a corner , a flashlight beam stab into the duct that he vacate . it scan around . withdraws . note : the situation that cris have just preview from the ventillator shaft constitute the raw material that he will now re-craft into a single narrative : the story of he actual escape attempt , stage in long take , unfold in almost - real time . when appropriate , to illustrate cris ' ability , we will portray several location simultaneously via split - screen which change in number , size , shape , and placement . int . handyman' storeroom - day ceil . the ventillator grill pop open . cris drop to the floor . he grab a backpack conveniently hang on a hook . without the slight hesitation , he go from shelf to box to drawer , load particular object into the backpack . 118 . corridor empty . a door open . cris step out into the hall carry the backpack and a foot stool . he stay close to a wall , step on the foot stool , and spray- paint over the lens of a surveillance camera . surveillance room Leo spot cris as he blind one camera after another . Leo I have get he . third level , building c. Pete , Brian , get up there . Kyle , block off the west staircase . Jason , bring you dog in from the east . corridor soldier pete and soldier brian charge into a empty corridor and begin they search for cris . a door slam open , bashing Pete in the face . cris break he shoot arm , grab he m - 16 , hide behind the door , and spray bullet low , hit Brian in the shin . he run to Brian , break he shoot arm , take he rifle . drag Brian and Pete into a open room . tape they mouth . surveillance room baine arrive and take command . Leo he be on third level seventy second ago . baine but where be he now ? int . west stairwell - day cris pour floor polish in specific place . soldier kyle and he troop charge out off the stairwell . each one step directly into the polish and slip . as they fall , cris punch they out or put they in chokehold , utilize the elegant minimum of force or violence . child 's play . as soon as they be unconscious , cris take they gun , tear gas , and a gas mask . 119 . corridor soldier jason and three troops be on the way , each with a guard dog . another corridor cris lie in wait for the patrol . when they appear , he be perfectly place to mace each dog and each soldier with a quick spritz . he go back and spray they again , to keep they out of commission . surveillance room cris appear on several screen . leo he 's on this floor !... shit ! he 's come here ! the door open . a tear gas canister fly in . a moment later , cris charge in wear a gas mask . he open fire at the video monitor , shatter every one . by the time the mp 's be ready to respond , cris reach and grab baine ' handgun . he swing out into the corridor with baine ' gun in he hand ... without look , he hand aim and shoot several time . corridor emerging into the hallway , cris look down at the end of the hall and see two mp 's fall to the floor , wounded . cris wrap electrical tape around the door handle and a pipe on the wall , sealing the room shut , then turn and mace the last of the dog . surveillance room as the tear gas clear , the damage be visible . every monitor in the surveillance system have be shattered . Leo , cough , feel he way to a phone . wisdom' office wisdom answer on speakerphone . leo ( o.c. ) he blind we . 120 . baine ( o.c. ) and the dog be useless . ferris stare at wisdom expectantly . ferris he 's get away . corridor cris , on the run , encounter crack shot - not where he be see in prevision . crack shot reach for he gun . cris break he arm before crack shot can fire . wisdom' office wisdom on the phone . ferris watch in suspense . wisdom any development on the code Red ? ... let I know if there be . he hang up , discourage . dial a number . wisdom baine , bring the girl friend to the interrogation room. ( to ferris ) I will deal with she there . int . corridor outside interrogation room - day cris sneak into room where he foresee that Liz will be bring . the door be recognizable by its industrial look . waiting room where Liz be be baby - sit by four mp 's . baine enter . baine we be move she . int . interrogation room - day cris write a note . slip it onto a side table . open the drawer of a desk . write in it . put something inside . corridor outside interrogation room baine and the four mp 's arrive with Liz . baine , Liz , and two mp 's wait while two officer carefully open the door and check out the room . 121 . we expect they to find cris . but they do not . outside , in the hall , a pencil roll on the floor toward Liz . she notice it and look where it come from . see cris , hide behind a janitor 's cart . he put he fist over he heart . gesture of love . the two mp 's in the room signal for Liz to be bring inside . two mp 's outside the room bring she in . baine stay on guard outside . interrogation room while the Guards stand on alert , Liz sit in a chair and discover a piece of paper on a side table , place exactly where she hand have come to rest . on the paper , in pencil , a square with a square cross within . she flip over the note . it read , " go crazy ! " she consider , then scream as loud as she can while run around wildly . outside interrogation room hear the commotion , baine open the door . behind he back , cris step from hide , open the door to a room and slip inside , close the door just as baine look back . interrogation room the mp 's force Liz into a chair behind a desk . soldier sit there and shut up . Liz see a drawer which be partially open . she look inside . see a hefty pair of scissors . Inside the drawer , a message be write on the wood . " 5:44 , stab wisdom . " she look at a clock in the room . 5:41 . but wisdom be not there . corridor wisdom and ferris , walk . ferris you understand what 's at stake here ? we be play for the future . not just what happen next , but what the future be . what the rule be . ( more ) 122 . ferris ( cont would ) if one man will know it and control it -- and have power over the rest of we . or if we will have power over he . wisdom by kill a innocent woman . she look he in the eye . ferris if you want , I will pull the trigger . wisdom I think that might be ... more reliable . she accept the terrible responsibility . ferris I will join you in a minute . I need to take care of some detail . wisdom turn to baine . wisdom get more man up here . ferris walk to a nearby office and go inside . interrogation room Liz anxiously check the clock . 5:43 and still no wisdom . then the door open . and wisdom enter . they study each other , neither know the other 's plan . she glance aside at the clock . ferris ' office she pick up the phone . dial a number . ferris this be ferris . I will need a chopper tank up and ready . behind she , cris step out of hide . by the time she see he , he forearm be around she neck . int . interrogation room at 5:44 , Liz grab the scissors , lunge at wisdom , and stab at he neck . he raise he arm in time to block the blow . 123. the two mp 's in the room fight she off , call to the sentinels outside . outside the interrogation room baine and the sentinels rush in to help . when the corridor be empty and no one be look , the door to ferris ' office open , and cris emerge with ferris as he hostage . int . interrogation room mp 's drag Liz away from ferris . wisdom ( not listen ) where the hell do she get the scissors ? corridor cris and ferris make they way toward the entrance . they come across a patrol . the mp 's take aim . cris hold he gun to ferris ' head . patrol leader hold you fire . ( get on the radio ) we have get the target in plain sight in corridor 2c , but he 's hold a hostage . agent ferris . - request instruction . interrogation room baine , on the radio , turn to wisdom . baine you will not believe this . he 's get ferris . wisdom how ? baine I do not know , but he 's on he way to the front door . ( beat ) they want instruction . wisdom think hard . 124 . wisdom do not shoot . baine then how be we go to stop he ? wisdom we do not . we let he go . - it 's part of the plan . baine try not to be insubordinate . baine you be sure about this ? wisdom no , but ferris be . wisdom take a deep breath - then grab Liz by the arm and aim he gun at she head . wisdom I hope he love you as much as I love she . corridor cris march ferris through the building , flanke by Security Police who aim at he but hold they fire . wisdom' voice come over the public address system . wisdom ( o.c. ) cris Johnson ... I have get you girl friend . we know she condition . that get he attention . wisdom ( o.c. ) something very bad will happen at six o'clock unless you be back in custody . cris ( to ferris ) he have not get the ball . ferris we will find out , will not we ? interrogation room wisdom hold Liz at gunpoint . she seem remarkably calm . 125 . liz you be not go to kill I . that 's what the bad guy do . wisdom in war , you have to be as ruthless as you enemy . liz ( emphatic ) cris be not the enemy . wisdom I do not mean he . corridor near lobby , where crack shot repeatedly nail cris . this time crack shot 's shoot arm be in a sling , and he crouch next to a substitute sniper , who lie in wait . cris walk into view and fire one shot , which wing the substitute sniper -- cause he to miss he shot at cris . cris pull ferris to the next location . interrogation room wisdom and Liz . he watch the clock . now she 's afraid . liz can not you just leave we alone ? he shake he head , try to gather courage . in the rafter another sniper take aim at a section of hallway that cris be approach . crosshair as cris enter the sniper 's field of vision , he shift ferris to a different position , block the shot . corridor as they pass under he , ferris see the sniper above . cris take aim at a empty space and fire just as a soldier charge from hide and absorb the bullet as if deliberately catch it with he body . 126 . ferris God , you be remarkable . cris break a window . toss a grenade outside . ferris I wish you have a little more sense of duty . cris I would say you have way too much . ext . homeland security bulding - day the grenade explosion attract many of the guard . cris and ferris slip out the front door where the Guards be previously station . he address a soldier in a patrol car . cris give I you key . the soldier obey . cris shove ferris into the car and get in after she . cris ( to soldier ) if I see you , I will kill she . they drive off . interrogation room wisdom , agonize , be about to pull the trigger . Liz , tremble , see that he 's go to do it . wisdom I be sorry . ext. car - day driving away . ferris realize that cris ' escape be go to be successful . she check she watch . it 's 6:13 . ferris you know what we problem be ? cris " we get off on the wrong foot . " he have take the word right out of she mouth . 127 . ferris it 's really ... cris " all be a big misunderstanding . " ferris exactly . cris " we have never mean you any harm . " ferris it sound so insincere when you say it . cris I guess you be a better liar than I be . ferris you know what I be go to say next ? cris nod . cris it will never happen . she offer she card . ferris my door will be open . we can start from scratch . he take it . the phone number stand out : 888-CFerris . flip the card out the window . ferris the magic word be cooperate . that 's all we have ever want to hear from you . a helicopter land on the road ahead , block the way . cris when be they go to give up ? after you be dead ? cris hold he gun threateningly to ferris ' head . two mp 's get out of the helicopter , carry something heavy . 128. cris react to what he can not see yet . they be carry a body . they remove the hood from its head . it 's liz. Dead . quaking with rage , cris prepare to shoot ferris . snapback to : int . homeland security - corridor - day twenty minute earlier . cris be march ferris through the corridor to the exit . ferriS I wish you have a little more sense of duty . cris stop in he track , quaking with rage . cris to a gang of murderer ? ferris seem pleased . ferris I see you get we message . he check he watch . 5:54 . cris what 's about to happen ... you have bring it on yourselves . cris change course and charge into a ... stairwell which he descend at a run , roughly drag ferris with he . ferris it 's not too late cris . you can save she . cris I be plan on it . cris shove ferris in front of he as a shield . approach a turn in the stair , he fire blindly . rounding the turn , he see he would - be assassin collapse , dead . 129 . interrogation room wisdom keep he gun aim at Liz 's head as he watch the clock : 5:55 pm . soldier he 's head this way . corridor cris charge out of the stairwell , shoot without hesitation - forward , leave , right , back - efficiently target Security Police in the precise order of they imminent readiness to fire at he . for each bullet , one soldier die . wisdom 's voice come over the p.a. system . wisdom ( o.s. ) Johnson , this be wisdom . it 's 5:55 . you have five minute to turn yourself in ... cris and ferris keep move . wisdom ( o.s. ) or you worst nightmare will happen . cris march right up to the interrogation room where wisdom hold Liz prisoner , use ferris as a human shield . wisdom ( o.s. ) look ahead if you do not believe I . cris open the door to the room , revealing wisdom , ferris , and thirty Security Police and mp 's - who take aim at he and fire . cris get chop to piece . snapback to : cris crouch on the floor outside the interrogation room , reach up and open the door . he get off a shot at wisdom , who life long enough to put a bullet in Liz 's heart . snapback to : cris use ferris as a shield , get off a burst of shot at wisdom , kill he instantly . 130 . but a soldier at wisdom 's side put a bullet in Liz 's heart -- then the thirty Security personnel blast cris and ferris to piece . snapback to : staircase - one minute earlier cris , drag ferris , arrive at the level of the interrogation room and continue down one more flight . use ferris as a human shield , he shoot he way into ... int . forensic lab - day where cris previously see the seize barrel of c4 explosive . he gun down several armed mp 's whom he know would be present , then threaten the technician . cris get out ! they flee . cris lock himself and ferris inside . cris go over to the bomb . squint for a beat . in fast forward , condensed time , multiple snapback , he go through the whole learn curve on bomb detonation , blow himself up - and snap back to life -- several time before figure out the right way to set it off . interrogation room wisdom hold Liz at arm 's length with he gun point at she head . watch the clock count up to 6:00 pm . it 's 5:59:41 / /42/43 ... the lab cris move the bomb . close he eye for a beat . move the bomb again . close he eye . open they . set the detonator to 10 second . corridor outside lab mp 's wait , prepare to gun down cris when he emerge . the door open . ferris sprint out . ferris it 's go off in ten second ! the crowd flee with she . 131 . interrogation room wisdom watch the clock count advance . 5:59:55/56/57 ... corridor now empty . cris run for it . dive . interrogation room as wisdom prepare to the pull the trigger , the bomb explode in a giant cataclysm . smoke and dust roiling . opaque . then clear . the center of the building be go . a jag raw atrium extend several storey down and up . to the side , on a narrow ledge of floor extend from a wall ... crouch Liz . the only person remain . she have survive by inch . very precise . as she recover from the blast , a door open behind she . cris appear , extend a hand and help she from she perch . ext. North vega airport - night a private jet warm up on the tarmac . ext . private jet - night cris and Liz bound up the entry step , exhaust but elate . int . jet - night at the door , no one be present to greet they . odd . they continue into the main cabin , where Neal , the showgirl , the pilot , and the Flight attendant be glue to the television . Neal see cris and Liz , but hardly acknowledge they . he 's in shock . they all be . cris and Liz turn to the tv . 132 . tv newscaster ( o.s. ) the situation in Chicago be not quite as severe as in the other nine city where the dirty bomb explode , as prevaile wind blow the nuclear waste across Lake Michigan rather than straight into town . Radiation level in Detroit , on the other hand , may require the entire city to be evacuate . Liz and cris look at each other , ashen . liz this be what they want you to prevent ? cris I guess ... liz and you would not help ? cris they do not explain . they be try to force I . Liz shake she head , incredulous . cris they be gonna make I a slave . she look at cris like he 's scum - and head for the front of the plane . cris Liz ? where be you go ? Liz to the doctor . she walk out of the jet and down the step . neal she 's not come with we ? cris stand there , bereft , and watch she go . he have run out of future . close on cris 133. tear escape from he eye . rotate frame and discover that the previous cut be actually a ... snapback to : liz' house - dawn where cris lie in bed with Liz 's head on he chest , the morning after they first night [ P. 45 ] . since that point , cris have be up for hour - scan the future . find no path worth take . int . wisdom 's house - dawn ferris sleep next to wisdom . she 's hogge the cover . her cell phone ring . drowsily , she answer . ferris ferris . cris ( o.c. ) this be cris Johnson . she sit up . ferris where do you get this number ? int . Liz 's kitchen - dawn cris be dress . despondent . cris I want to cooperate . ferris that 's music to my ear . cris but I have condition . ferris I be sure we can work something out . liz 's bed - dawn liz. sleep . cris sit next to she on the bed . cris Liz ... 134 . her eye flicker open . she see he look down at she like a angel . liz come back to bed . cris I can not . - I have to go . liz ( incredulous ) you be not leave ? cris there 's something I have to do . something you would want I to do . and I can not put it off any longer . liz ( wounded ) Fine . then go . what do I care ? cris Liz , it 's not like that . I searched for you for a long time . I want to be with you forever . liz do not overdo it . we just meet last night . cris but a lot have happen since then . liz while I be sleep ? he proceed with difficulty . cris we be go to have a child . liz then you really be a angel . cris I do not expect you to believe I . but when you do find out , remember that we come together for a reason . that this be not just ... one night . it be a special chance for both of we . 135 . see he misery , she soften . liz then why be you run away from I ? he hold back tear . cris I be not ... I be take the long way around . now she 's cry . liz I do not understand . we get off to such a great start . he nod , wistful . cris and I look for a happy end ... but this be the best I could do . they kiss good - bye , and she make it so wickedly sweet that he can barely pull himself away . Liz watch , mystify , as he leave - stir by feeling for cris that be just come into be . liz see ya ? cris I would not be surprised . and he walk out the door . ext. liz's house - day cris walk down the driveway to the street . he stand there a beat , then ferris ' car drive up and stop in front of he . cris open the passenger door and get in . int . ferris ' car - day they look at each other , come from very different place . ferris Mr. Johnson , we meet at last . 136 . cris I be not ready till now . ferris shift into gear and drive off . ferris we do not have time to waste . maybe you could start by tell I how you talent work . he think how to phrase it . cris " the future be not what it use to be . " ever hear that expression ? ext. / int. front window of cottage - day Liz watch from inside as ferris ' car pull away . cris ( v.o. ) it 's a joke , but it 's true . the future change every time you look at it . because you look at it . Cause once you see it , you be different . and that change everything else . Liz put she hand on she belly . fade out