arcade by David S. goyer last revise November 6 , 1990 int . arcade world -- electronic darkness we do not know if it 's night or day . it 's just black . and maybe ... maybe intermittent SPARKS racing by . so quick we barely perceive they . like the spark you imagine when you eye be close . breathing , slow and hollow , fill up the entire world . it 's eerie as hell . a feel of utter loneliness . and now the breathe recede , fade into the darkness . whatever it be ... it 's go now . MAIN credit roll . we hear cellos . four of they . weaving a intricate melody . and now the visual . brightly colored shape spin in . equally intricate , match the music . they grow and flourish , like flower open up in time lapse photography . fractal ... be what they be call . the visual manifestation of geometric formulas . the mandelbrot set. the Julia set. each mathematic form make up of progressively smaller form and on into infinity . glorious and beautiful . form fold in upon themselves and regenerate . this be creation we be witness . this be life in the make . dissolve to : int . counselor' office -- day a eye for a brief moment we still hear the cellos . and in the eye , the last of the fractal be spin away , leave we with the iris . a nice blue one . this be alex manning be eye . alex ( v.o. ) time . that 's all I ever think about anymore . it 's like there 's never enough of it , you know ? CUT to : int . manning house , hallway -- day this be a flashback , in case you be wonder . we will continue to hear Alex 's voice as we move through the house in slow motion . everything be very bright and dreamlike . right now we be move with the camera , slowly move down a long hallway . at the end of the hallway be a open door . we stop at the doorway . we be afraid to go in . alex ( v.o. ) it 's strange . when the future 's in front of you , it seem to go on forever . I mean , you never really get there . it 's always one step ahead of you . it 's like there 's no present . there 's no " now " . as soon as you think , " I be here " , the moment 's already go . either everything 's in the future , or it 's in the past . ( beat ) there 's no " now " . man ( v.o. ) so where be you then ? alex ( v.o. ) I be in the past . we move through the doorway . int . manning house , bedroom -- day everything look normal at first . a typical bedroom with sunlight stream in through the window . a bed , make - up . Flowers in vase . everything look perfect . then we move further in , and over to the right . there 's something on the floor , curl up in the entranceway to the bathroom . halfway in , halfway out . it 's a woman 's body . she 's wear a dress , she leg awkwardly bent . we can not see she face from this angle . but in she limp hand be a gun . and all around that hand , speckling the pristine white tile of the bathroom and the carpete beyond , be blood . a shrill bell shatter the moment . CUT to : int . counselor' office -- day the bell continue . it 's a school bell signal the end of the period . on alex as we see she for the first time , startle . she 's seventeen and pretty , though in a simple way . her eye be the most strike . deep. intense . if Alex have a problem , it 's the fact that she think too much , and it 's reflect in she eye . across from she be mr . weaver , a high -school guidance counselor and that be he voice we hear with Alex 's . he 's unexceptional , middle - age , incapable of really hearing what Alex have to say . this be he office we be in . typical " say no to drug " teen propaganda decorate the room . fun . as the bell die we hear the army of footstep outside , student milling in the hall . Alex glance at the door and start to rise from she chair . mr. weaver we do not have to stop now ... alex ( cut he off ) that 's okay . I have get a test come up anyway . gotta study . mr. weaver ( sigh ) I have to tell you , I be a little concerned about you , Alex . it 's be three month now since you mother , uh ... alex ( offer , fix he with a stare ) kill herself ? Mr. weaver stop , more than a little uncomfortable . mr. weaver ( reluctant ) yes . now you father ... alex he 's a basket case . you have talk to he . you know that . he might as well be dead too . Alex glance down at the floor , anything to avoid look at the counselor . she heave a backpack onto to shoulder . alex ( continue ) look Mr. weaver , I do not even know why I come here . I fine . really . ( look up ) it 's like I say . it 's just part of the past now . it do not matter anymore . she turn , and before Mr. weaver can respond , she 's out the door . int . high - school hallway - day Alex move quickly through the mass of student , wiping the remnant of half - tear on she coat sleeve . CUT to : int . high - school cafeteria - day fun-time . total chaos . if you have be to high - school you know the riff . bad food , teen - age melodrama , and a squadron of supervisors try to keep a lid on thing . alex make she way to the far corner of the cafeteria where a cluster of kid lounge around a table . this be Alex 's friend . and while none of they be you garden variety pocket- protector - type nerd , this kid be not exactly part of the " in-crowd " . they be a little off . quirky . all of they come from screw up family , and that 's what bond they . they be : greg holliston -- Alex 's boyfriend . hopeful artist ( not bad , either ) and kind of punk look . greg and the other be big fan of thrift - shop clothing . because they do not have the money , they improvise . nick drake -- greg 's best friend and future computer pioneer . he 's attractive and he 's get a edge . a bit of a hot-shot . genius in the make . benz and stilt -- inseparable . benz be flunk out of school and would like nothing better than to spend the rest of he life read comic book . he 's tall , perpetually unkempt , awkward , and nervous . stilt , contrary to he nickname , be quite short and never without he skateboard . stilt be constantly hit on ... laurie -- the sixth member of the group . a teen theda bara and as cynical as you can get . she 's what 's affectionately know as a " art chick " . the boy in the group , particularly Nick and stilt , be avid skateboarder and be frequently see with they board . stilt be always leaf through a issue of thrasher magazine . right now the group be in the midst of a argument . Nick have a pocket video game in he hand which he casually play . he can get through this game in he sleep . it beeps and whirs . nick ( to benz ) you be a idiot , you know that ? what be you go to do when you get out of here ? benz I be think about write for one of that filipino mail order bride ... stilt and greg burst into laughter . stilt I think I see that on the Home Shopping Network . the girlfriend hour , right after Auto accessory . benz ( giggle ) exactly . laurie you guy be sick . Alex flop down in a chair and everyone turn . greg so how would it go ? Alex shrug , try to make light of it . alex he think I be " sublimate " . stilt what the hell do that mean ? laurie it mean she 's screw up . stilt fucked up . that 's what they say I be . benz you be fuck up . stilt yeah , but only because I want to be . greg would you guy knock it off ? greg turn back to Alex and look she in the eye . greg ( continue ) listen to I , Alex . this counselor 's do not know anything . they be full of shit . if you do not fit the pattern of the perfect kid , they freak . alex ( nodd ) I know . greg so tell I you be okay , then . alex I be okay . greg ( smile ) good . Cause I would freak if you be not . greg lean over and kiss Alex . the rest of the group launch into exaggerated groans , with benz and stilt flutter they eye and make " smooching face " at each other . the kiss be over and everyone laugh . thing be okay now . greg ( to Alex ) hey ... watch this ... greg pull a old Polaroid camera from he backpack . he lean in close to she and hold the camera at arm 's length , aim it back at they . flash ! and the moment 's capture forever . greg pull the Polaroid out and peel off the back . before the picture even develop , he begin rub he finger over it , manipulate the emulsion . nick ( engross in he game again ) you make another one , greg ? greg sure. practice . benz lemme see ... greg pull some papers from he backpack and slide they over to benz . the papers be color xerox of Polaroid blow-up . greg have mess with they , create swirl , psychedelic pattern with the image . stilt and Laurie lean in . stilt cool . greg ( still work ) see , when the emulsion 's still warm you can move it around ... ( stop ) there . greg hold up the Polaroid for Alex to see . polaroid greg and Alex be side by side , grin ... all around they the world have spun into strange color . it 's a odd effect . greg drop the photo in he shirt pocket and pat it . greg safe keep . meanwhile , Nick 's pocket video game emit a explosion noise . nick shit. I be out . he set the game down , deject . benz you guy go to Dante 's after school ? greg I do not know . benz check it out ... benz pull a flyer from inside he coat . it 's a ad for a new game call " arcade " , feature a pair of evil eye and glow hand come out of a circuit board . the tag at the bottom read , " coming this fall . reality will never be the same " . nick ( excited ) that 's the new slip -stream game . that guy be good . it 's suppose to be interactive . graphic be unbelievable . benz yeah ? they be hand this out at Dante 's . test marketing it or something . gonna have a demonstration today . stilt cool . laurie can you say anything but " cool " ? stilt of course I can . I can say all sort of thing ... greg ( annoyed ) guy ... benz pull back the flyer and look at it again . benz so how ' bout it ? nick I be game ... ( to greg ) greg ? greg turn to Alex . greg come on . we will hit Dante 's after school , try the game out , maybe get some dinner . alex and then keep on drive ? greg sure . never come back . disappear forever . laurie ( nodd ) I could go for that . Alex laugh . Laurie take the word right out of she mouth . CUT to : ext . dante' inferno -- day the inferno be a run-down video arcade near the beach , notable because the game it sport be generally defective and out of date . nevertheless , it 's become we group 's hang - out . it have its charm . a huge mural , chip and fade with age , adorn the front of the arcade ... something straight out of Hieronymus bosch . demon in day -glo . the yawn mouth of a enormous devil surround the entrance . alex and the other pull up across the street , caravan style . greg and Alex be in one car ... a ancient buick skylark . no Honda accord or vw rabbit for this group . at the moment , there 's quite a bit of activity at the inferno 's entrance . kide be cluster around and slip -stream employee be pass out arcade promo sheet . the group head for the entrance , plow they way through the crowd . stilt and benz have they skateboard , jump up onto the curb with they , then pop they up into they arm . int . dante' inferno -- day Inside , the inferno be a mishmash of video game , ancient carnival prop and old horror movie poster . dusty , creepy under the right circumstance and fill with leer face ... in short , any kid 's bedroom take to a horrific extreme . at Dante 's inferno , they have get the latest game side by side with chestnut like pac-man . the group make they way inside , join a cluster of kide in the center of the inferno . and there it be ... arcade it look out of place in the midst of the inferno . shiny black , high - tech , and almost self - contain , like some sort of space - age vertical coffin . laser-etch graphic on the side bear the arcade logo and the same strange , frightening face . Alex and she friend be suitably impressed , most notably , Nick and benz . benz check it out ... stilt definitely cool . Nick be silent , let he eye explore the machine . he turn to greg and grin . nick Super computer , micro-processors ... that 's the future we be look at . another kid , deloach , push he way to the front of the group . his fight a lose battle against acne . deloach ( look around ) so how come they be previewing it in this shit-hole ? stilt if you be not such a dick , you would know what a cool place this be . deloach gimme a break , they get fuck Space invader here . that 's shit 's for retard . stilt so ...are you try to say I be retarded ? be that what you be imply ? deloach no , but since I be stand here , I be notice that you be a ugly little fuck and you be make I sick ... that 's it for stilt . he launch himself at deloach , catch he off guard and knocking he to the floor . Nick , Alex , and greg be on they in a minute , try to extract the two from each other . a large man push he way towards they and effortlessly scoops both boy up , wrapping a beefy hand around the scruff of they neck . this be finster , the proprietor ... enormous , bald , and always irritable . finster ( shaking they ) cut it out !!! his face contort and he spit as he speak . Nice guy . Alex step forward , always the voice of reason . alex it 's okay , Mr. finster ... finster no it 's not . ( to the boy ) you guy be shit and I be throw you out . deloach ( act tough ) you place suck . who give a shit about " arcade " anyway ? voice ( o.s. ) ( booming , metallic ) what did you say ? everyone turn . the voice come from ... arcade it 's up and run now . the inside panel emit a eerie green light . from speaker inside the compartment we can here breathing ... the same breathe we hear earlier . come from a machine like this , it 's creepy as hell . even finster be impressed . he release the boy and stare at the machine . laurie ( a whisper ) Jesus ... another voice ( o.s. ) not bad , huh ? a man step out from behind the arcade machine . he grin happily , dress to kill , sport a slip - stream id tag . this be difford , p.r. man for slip -stream . difford hi , kid . ( nod ) Mr. finster ... the arcade machine continue to breathe , inhale , exhale ... the eye in the face be glow now , in unison with the breathe . difford draw closer and indicate the machine behind he with a nod . difford ( smooth as silk ) we be glad you people could make it , and we be anxious to have you try out we new product . we think it 's go to be a big seller . but you be the people that make it happen . you be the market share everyone 's tear each other apart to get at . it 's you opinion that 's go to make or break we . nick so what 's so different about arcade ? you guy have be talk about it for month . difford turn to Nick and salute he . difford a man after my own heart . straight to the point . ( to everyone ) what 's different about arcade be the way it react . it respond like a human do . it learn . it adapt . each time you play , it change its strategy . nick that 's impossible . difford ( take the bait ) be it ? why do not you see for you self ? difford reach into he coat pocket and pull out a quarter . he toss it at ... nick who snag it out of mid-air and grin . greg go for it , Nick . difford step aside and wave Nick to the machine . the rest of the kid crowd around . arcade be not just you typical video game . first of all there be three screen ... front , leave , and right ... which provide a panoramic view while play . second , the player wear " data glove " ( which provide a actual sensation of touch ) and stereoscopic goggle which in turn be wire directly into the machine . the result give the user the feel that he / she have actually enter the video game universe . difford think he have a hit on he hand , and he excitement show . difford ( indicate equipment ) the cyberglove be key into the game 's response mechanism . you will be able to pick thing up inside the world ... tool , weapon ... it will feel like they be really in you hand ... Nick pull on the glove , secure they with velcro strap . difford ( continue ) the goggle heighten the experience . when we say " reality will never be the same " , we be not kid . difford place the goggle on Nick 's face . then he point to the control board , which feature two joy-stick and a large red button label " escape " . nick ( skeptical ) " escape " ? difford in case thing get too intense . it automatically freeze the game , give you a breather . thing can get pretty wild ... benz ( scoffing ) Nick will not need it . difford you be good , eh ? nick ( grin ) the best . Nick wink at Alex and greg . nick ( to difford ) so what 's the scenario ? be I save a princess ? Fighting Zomby ? difford it change . there be eleven level . each one be a different layer of the arcade universe . the concept be , you be enter the video game itself , make you way across the circuit board to the logic core ... arcade 's brain . nick so how do I start ? difford the game will guide you . Nick turn back to the machine and pop the quarter into the coin slot . he punch the " start " button on the top of one of the joy-stick . immediately the screen come to life . darkness with shoot star of light racing back and forth . on screen a three - dimensional computer - generate face appear out of the darkness , spin in from far away and come to rest . arcade I am arcade . ( breathe ) you want to play game ? you picked the wrong machine . the crowd of kid be suitably impressed . even Alex be amused . so far , so good . arcade what' you name ? nick Nick . arcade ( almost contemptuous ) nick . kiss reality goodbye . suddenly , a lightbeam above the video screen illuminate Nick 's face . laurie ( concerned ) what 's it do ?! difford memorize Nick 's feature . watch . on screen the face of arcade spin away and a computer - generate figure appear , complete with a pixel - render version of Nick 's face ! video nick be dress in futuristic armor with exaggerated cyberglove and a full helmet on instead of goggle . he also wear elbow and knee pad and carry a thrasher in he hand , sort of a cross between a soupe - up skateboard and the Silver surfer 's board . it 's he mean of transportation . the screen print out : " nick . enter the vortex " . video nick hop onto the thrasher . abruptly the world around he begin to spin , and video Nick be shoot a curl , a whirlpool of light ... down , down , faster and faster , until ... boom ! empty space and video Nick be fall towards a circuit grid . it 's the electronic universe rush up to meet he ... arcade one word of advice , nick . you spend too much time in one place , and I send out the screamer . you don 't want to be around when that happens . ( laugh ) see you on the other side . on screen video Nick plummet from the sky like a meteor , slamm into the ground with a explosion of dust . the dust clear . video Nick be stand on a eerie plain , with strange reed - like plant dotting the ground and mist coiling around everything . it look like Earth , and yet ... it do not . video nick hop onto the thrasher and begin to move . and move it do . with a whoop ! the arcade world be rush past we . the game have begin . on nick's face as a smile gradually creep across it . he 's have the time of he life , glove hand manipulate the joy-stick like mad . from he reaction , we can tell that this be one of the most incredible thing he 's ever experience . the other kide watch Nick , then the screen , then Nick again ... benz check it out ! greg come on , Nick ... now everyone be laugh , urging Nick on . it 's like they have all discover the most amazing toy ... something that 's go to turn they world upset down . difford be pleased as punch , watch the kid ' reaction more than the game . on screen image be rush past at blind speed , lasers , explosion , and god know what ... on nick as sweat begin to trickle down he fast . his hand move faster and faster , in response to the game . the screen . Nick . the screen and ... bam !!! Nick slam down the escape button and rip off he goggle . the video image freeze . nick he 's practically hyperventilate , sweat pour down he face . he lean over , rest a hand on the control board . and for a moment , everyone be silent . then ... greg Nick ... you okay ? slowly , Nick lift he head . he 's now sport a devilish grin . nick you gotta try this thing . Nick pull off he cyberglove and hold they out for greg. greg turn to Alex . alex go for it . greg hold my key , then . he hand she he keychain and take the cyberglove from Nick . greg pull they on , then strap on the goggle . greg ( to difford ) so how do I get back in ? difford just hit " escape " again . on screen greg hit the button and immediately the image unfreeze . once again , we be on the thrasher board , rush across the plain . greg' face as a smile slowly creep across it . CUT to : int . dante' inferno - later at the front of the inferno , difford and two slip - stream helper be unpack cardboard box . the kide have cluster around they , momentarily forget the arcade machine . difford pull cut a handful of game cartridge as well as goggle which dangle over he arm . difford here 's what we be go to do . what I be hold be the home version of arcade , the prototype ... this be meet with a enthusiastic response from the kid . difford ( continue ) in a month or so we be plan on release arcade in both version , but we be still fine tuning , and that 's where you guy luck out . so what we will do be have you register with we , and then we be go to loan this out to you for a week or so . the only thing you have to do in return be answer some marketing question . sound fair ? the kid can not line up fast enough . our group be right up front , with Nick and Alex be the first two in line . difford wink at Nick . difford so what do you think ? nick sign I up . Alex be glance around now . she see benz , stilt , and Laurie , but not greg . alex where 's greg ? Laurie jerk she thumb back at the arcade machine . laurie he 's still work on the game . and Alex find greg for a moment , spot he over the head of the other kid . on greg his face be a mirror of Nick 's ... sweat pour down , grin from ear to ear . it 's addictive as hell . sight and sound rush past we on the three screen , racing at incredible speed . and now , from within the game , we hear a strange sound ... a scream of sort , halfway between a shriek and a sonic boom . arcade time's up , friend . the shriek / sonic boom reach a nightmarish pitch and suddenly the screen explode with light . at the front of the inferno ... everyone turn in response . it 's as if someone set off a flashbulb . alex push she way back through the kid , make she way to the arcade machine . arcade greg be nowhere to be find . in fact , the cyberglove and goggle be dangle from the control board , abandon . Alex turn to a nearby kid . alex where 's greg ? the kid shrug . kid do not know . I think I see he walk out , but I be not sure ... Alex be not listen anymore . she 's stare at the floor of the arcade machine . greg' polaroid be on the floor ... the photo of greg and Alex which he manipulate . Alex pick it up , glance around . she scan the face of the crowd and she do not see greg anywhere . she turn away . on screen a video figure be lie on the computer - generate ground . it sit up , brush dust from itself , and look around . it face we . only the image be not of Nick anymore . it 's video greg now . up front , Alex have re-join she friend . the four of they be now clutching arcade home version in they arm , cyberglove and all . they look like kid on Christmas Day . alex have anyone see greg ? stilt he 's probably outside . you know how he be . get bored ... nick yeah , outside . Nick head for the door with the rest of the group in tow . CUT to : ext . dante' inferno -- day outside , greg be still nowhere to be find . benz , stilt , and Laurie have pile into they car , wait for Nick to take the wheel . nick and alex be up by greg 's skylark . alex so where be he ? nick guess he take off ... you have he key , right ? Alex hold they up and give they a shake . nick hmmm . he say you be go to have dinner ? alex yeah ... nick so take he car home . wait . I be sure he 's up to something ... alex ( cut he off ) but he be play the game . I mean , you see he ... behind they , Laurie reach over the seat and honk Nick 's horn . Laurie and the other burst into laughter . stilt set he skateboard on the street and roll it towards Nick . back to nick and alex Nick stop the board with he foot and step onto it , balance . he wave to the other and turn back to Alex . nick it 's nothing , okay ? just take he car home . he will show up . Nick tousle Alex 's hair . he shake he arcade cartridge at she . nick do not worry about it . and with that , Nick 's off , roll back to he car and leaping over the door , skateboard and all . Laurie and the other be still scream with laughter . Nick hit the ignition and gun the car , pull out with a dramatic screech and sailing off down the street . on alex clutching greg 's car key . she glance on the front seat , where she own arcade cartridge rest . the cartridge have the same glow eye that be laser - etched on the machine inside the inferno . alex fuck -you . CUT to : ext . manning house -- night the man place be you basic suburban ranch house , totally unexceptional . the lawn look a little rag and a pile of newspaper , fray and yellowing , have accumulate by the front door . Inside , the house be dark . Lonely . alex pull up in greg 's skylark , scoop the arcade kit into she arm . CUT to : int . manning house -- night as Alex enter the dark house , we can hear whisper come from further within . it 's a little creepy , but Alex seem unconcern . she negotiate she way through the darken house , on into the de . den -- following through dim , flicker light illuminate the de , casting long shadow across a sleeping figure on the couch . this be Alex 's father , jim ... hopelessly middle - age and get older by the moment . it 's the t.v. that 's do the whisper . CNN or something . from what little we can see of the rest of the house , it look like a mess . Alex bend down and jostle she father 's shoulder . alex dad ... dad ... Jim stir , though barely . he turn a sleepy face towards she , look gray and lifeless . jim yeah ? alex do greg call , dad ? Jim shake he head and sink back into the couch . from Alex 's attitude , it 's obvious that this scene have play itself out many time before . alex you should go to bed , dad . Jim wave a tired hand , dismiss she . jim ... be in bed ... alex ( stand back up ) yeah . she turn and grab a comforter that 's bunched up at the end of the couch , spread it over she father . on the t.v. we be get a de-saturate view of carnage ... some sort of war go on in some far- off land . Alex grab the remote and flick the t.v. off , plunging the room into darkness . CUT to : int . alex be room -- night static . late-night t.v. static , fill up the entire screen . we pull back , revealing a television ... and further back until we see Alex crouch behind it in silhouette . she 's fiddling with wire back there and ... blink ! suddenly the slip-stream logo appear on the t.v. screen with nifty computer graphic . she 's just hook up the home version of arcade . Alex move back to the front of the set . alex' room be she haven , a virtual library , fill with book which she lose herself in . they be stack everywhere . and puzzle too . half - assemble jig-saws . intricate thing . a escher print . the descendant of rubik 's cube . box within box . this be Alex 's life , what she retreat to . a photo of Alex and she mother sit by she bed , neglect and collect dust . we will see she later . candle or what 's leave of they , have drip and spread across she night table . alex sit at the foot of she bed , face she television . slowly , she draw on the cyberglove , testing she finger . next , she pull on the goggle . instead of a control panel , the home version have a control box , complete with joy-stick and a mini " escape " button . Alex finger the " start " button on top of the joy-stick . the screen go black , black with intermittent spark . and the breathing begin . arcade' face appear in the black , a pin-point at first , spin round and round and grow larger . it come to a rest , eye glow . arcade ( malevolent ) hello , alex . Alex jump back , drop the control box . arcade continue to breathe . alex how ... a thing beam of light shoot from the arcade terminal , play over Alex 's face . arcade kiss reality goodbye . on screen arcade be face spin away , to be replace by a pixel - render image of Alex , dress in battle gear . video Alex set she thrasher on the ground and mount it . alex ( both frighten and fascinate ) where 's greg ? and from the screen ... arcade in here , of course . on screen , the vortex of light explode around video Alex , twist reality . and Alex be spin round and round , plummete towards ... the circuit grid beneath she , a world of geometric shape and light and ... the word : " level one " flash across the screen and we ... CUT to : ext . level one , the plain -- day Alex slam into the ground , splash up water and smoke alike . we be inside arcade now , experience what Alex experience . the plain -- in many respects it look like Earth . land , water , sky ... yet certain thing be off . small thing , like the color of light , a sluggish smoke - fill red , or the occasional flicker of lightning which race beneath the cloud cover above . alex pull herself up from the muck , brush dirt and water from she face . she cough , totally disorient . look around . look at herself . she 's wear ... battle gear this be the real thing , as oppose to the cartoon version we see Nick wear when he play the game before . it 's a cross between a skateboarder 's protective guardpad and full - blow armor . a helmet rest on she head , with a visor raise up . Alex glance down and see a thrasher board rest next to she . ( note : depend on the terrain of each level , the thrasher board will adjust itself ... work as a skateboard , snowboard , or hover board ) . on alex' right cyberglove be a LED display . in the upper left-hand corner it say " level one " . to the right , two pulsing bar of light label " time elapsed " and " strength " . at this very moment , the " time elapsed " bar be just shrink away to nothing . blink ! now it 's go . no rest for the weary . a shriek / sonic boom be immediately hear on the horizon , and it 's the most god - awful noise we have ever hear . it fill up the world . alex jerk she head up , terrify . alex ( to herself , remember ) screamer . all around she , the world begin to vibrate ... something be rush towards she now at a unbelievable speed . the shriek / sonic boom be deafen . the world be shaking apart . and suddenly the thing be upon she ! Alex scream . CUT to : int . alex be room - night Alex fly back from the t.v. screen , violently rip the goggle and cyberglove off . but the shriek be continue and then she realize that ... the phone be ringing . Alex stop shaking . the phone continue to ring . she 's back in she room . everything 's fine . normal . she glance at the game . on screen we see the black again , black with spark racing past . benign . Alex reach over and pick up the phone , all the while keep she eye glue to the screen . alex ( dry-mouthed ) hello ? nick ( o.s. ) ( filter ) hey , kid . Alex clutches the phone , still shaking . alex Nick ... nick ( o.s. ) ( filter ) have you play the game yet ? it 's incredible ! I be just ... alex ( cut he off ) listen to I ! greg never come home . I think the game have something to do with it . nick ( o.s. ) ( filter ) what the hell be you talk about ? Alex continue to watch the television screen , almost mesmerize by the flicker spark . her eye begin to glaze over ... nick ( o.s. ) ( filter ) you there ? hello ? Alex snap out of it , tear she gaze from the screen alex I have to talk to you . nick ( o.s. ) ( filter ) we be talk ... alex no , in person . now . nick ( o.s. ) ( filter ) it 's twelve-thirty ! alex I be come over . Alex quickly hang up the phone and move back to the television . she reach for the control box and hit the " off " switch . nothing happen . spark continue to shoot across the screen . Alex try it again . same result . alex shit ... again and again she hit the button , but nothing be happen . Alex reach behind the t.v. , grab hold of the electrical cord , and yank . the fuck cord will not come out ! and then she hear it , a electronic whisper , both seductive and horrific . arcade alex ... with all she might , Alex pull on the cord . pop ! they fling out of the t.v. and the screen go dead . Alex sit back against the wall for a moment , catch she breath and try to calm the rise hysteria within she . alex ( to herself ) okay ... do not think about it ... ( deep breath ) okay . Alex stand up , grab she coat off the bed . int . manning house , live room -- night Alex come down the stair , head for the front door . only she stop for a moment ... notice the light . on the couch , she father be once again bath in the blue light of the television . static whisper , the same as before , be come from the set . Alex look at she father . he have not move . and yet , the t.v. be on once again . the screen Blue static . unexceptional . and a face ? someone in the static ? Alex draw closer to the screen . she can hear something now , other than static whisper . sound kind of like a voice ... the screen a definite , ghostly face be there . it turn , look at Alex ( we ) and it 's greg . greg ( on screen , strange ) Alex ... Alex jerk and snap off the t.v. , spook as hell . she stand in the darkness and all but run out of the house . CUT to : ext . manning house - night Alex race to the skylark and fumble with the key . finally she get it right , gun the gas , and rip out of the driveway . a streetlight above be flickering wildly . sputter , humming , casting strange shadow across the street . CUT to : ext . nick drake' house - night Alex have climb up to the roof , use a wood pile stack beside the house as a boost . now she creep towards a second -story window . behind she on the street ( and this should be subtle , folk ) , another streetlight be flicker . window it look in on Nick 's room . Alex draw close and tap on the glass . Nick appear immediately , grin like a idiot . he raise the window . nick Alex , you do not know how long I have wait for this . alex funny . Alex climb in . int . nick's room -- night the room be a intricate shrine to Nick 's obsession ... computer and computer - generate image . a entire wall be cover with a collage of cut - out picture from magazine . on he shelf be miniature armature ... flexible model of human musculature . and of course , there be Nick 's computer set-up . even as Alex climb down onto Nick 's bed , she notice that he computer be up and run ... connect to the arcade home version . alex what 's that ? Nick turn back to the computer monitor . fractal ( as see earlier ) be blossoming on the screen . nick be not it amazing ? it 's a sort of rest position in the game , when you be between level . Nick pull Alex closer . she 's wary . but Nick be suitably impressed , excited even . nick ( continue ) they be fractal . Visual representation of mathematic equation . the game be totally brilliant . I mean , look at it , it 's like a DNA molecule or something ... and in truth , the fractal be beautiful . Alex turn back to Nick . and for the first time , Nick stop grin . it 's clear that Alex be upset . alex something weird 's happen . Nick sit down on he bed . nick what do you mean by " weird " ? alex greg never come home . a few hour be one thing , Nick , but this be different . something 's happen to he . Alex glance at the computer monitor again . on the lower right -hand side be a little pulsing GREEN light , on and off , on and off , like a heartbeat . alex can you turn off the game ? nick I be in the middle of it ... alex ( upset ) turn if off ! Nick be take aback , but he rise and turn off the computer all the same . and this time , the game stay off . Nick come back to the bed . nick happy ? alex no. ( frustrated ) look , I know you be not go to believe I , but listen anyway ... ( carefully ) I think the game 's alive somehow . the look on Nick 's face say it all . he move to speak and she stop he . alex ( continue ) no , wait . just listen . I hook it up earlier tonight , and it say my name . as soon as I turn it on , Nick . it say my name . how could it know ? and then , I ask it where greg be , and it say , " in here " . nick Alex , I think you be freaking out . greg 's go , I will give you that . and maybe he 's in trouble . but it 's not arcade that 's do it ... alex ( insistent ) it be . nick how ?! it 's a machine , Alex . Machine 's do not think . they be not alive . it 's a good program , a brilliant program , it be design so it would act as if it be alive , but it 's not alive . alex so how do it know my name , then ? nick ( shrug ) you imagine it . Alex be furious . she rise and begin pace back and forth , voice grow louder . she draw in close . alex see , man always do this . " quiet down , honey . chill out . take a valium " . I be not a fuck idiot , Nick ! ( scream ) I did not imagine it !!! nick ( a strain whisper ) quiet . I do have parent , you know . Alex spin around and point at the computer monitor . alex there ! the monitor arcade be back on again , fractal unfold and green monitor light blink . on nick okay . alright . this do throw he for a second . alex it turn itself back on , Nick . nick no it do not . it 's just a faulty relay or something . it happen . Nick cross to the monitor and flip the " off " switch . he try it again and again , but the game will not turn off . alex it 's alive , Nick . it 's listen to we ... Nick spin around , angry , maybe a little freak out . nick just shut up ! enough already , okay ? silence for a moment . Nick take a deep breath . over -react . after a moment ... nick sorry . maybe I need the valium . alex call the other . Laurie , benz ... Nick acquiesce . he pull out he phone and punch in a number . nick I will try stilt . he 's get insomnia . Nick and Alex watch each other in silence as the connection be make . we can faintly hear the phone ringing . no answer . nick okay ... Laurie , then . Alex turn away , sink to Nick 's bed . all the anger have drain out of she . she know they will not reach they . on nick as he listen for a answer . Three ring , four , five ... he hang up . punch in the final number . nick benz ... again . no answer . Nick hang up and set the phone aside . he look at Alex . alex ( fatalistic ) something 's happen to they . nick it 's the middle of the night . they be asleep . phone do not wake they . alex all of they ? Nick shrug . he 's not willing to accept anything , but he 's uncomfortable all the same . nick look , why be you fuck with I like this ? Alex rise . she 's tired . tire and scared . alex because I do not know where else to go . nick ( glance at a clock ) it 's two o'clock in the morning . go home . go to sleep . we will figure something out in the morning . and then , more for himself than for she . nick ( continue ) it 's not this weird . it will make sense . everything get weird this late anyway , right ? alex ( half -heart ) sure . she turn and climb back out the window onto the roof . then she duck she head back in . alex if I be you , I would think twice about play that game again . then she 's go . Nick move over and watch . nick's p.o.v. as Alex drop down from the roof and make she way to greg 's car . the streetlight outside be still flicker . Nick turn back to he room . move back to the monitor and watch the fractal unfold . he give the " off " switch a token try . nothing . the fractal we move in on they , lose ourselves in the labyrinth of swirl color and we ... CUT to : int . high - school library -- day alex move down the aisle of book , dwarf by shelf which reach clear to the ceiling . she look a little haggard , like she have not have any sleep . she turn ... nick and stilt be sit at a study cubicle . Nick look equally tired , but stilt be jaw away . as Alex join they , Nick look up . alex well ? where be the other ? Nick shrug , look elsewhere . stilt sick ? alex everybody 's sick , huh ? ( glance at watch ) it 's fifteen after . we always meet here , you know that . stilt ( to Nick ) what 's she problem ? alex do you play arcade last night ? stilt actually , no . I be just tell Nick , here , that my t.v. 's bust ... Alex nod , glaring at Nick . his reluctance to believe she be understandable , but the event unfold be scare he . alex you want to hear something else , Nick ? I try to call they this morning ... greg , benz , Laurie ... they phone be out of order . Alex reach into she bag and pull out a sheet of paper with name on it . alex ( continue ) and then I start think ... about everyone else that be at Dante 's yesterday . I draw up this list . deloach , that other jerk ... they phone be out of order too . stilt start humming the twilight Zone theme . nick ( annoyed ) so what do you want I to do ? Alex soften , then reach for Nick 's hand . alex we have to find out what 's happen to they . I think they be go ... nick no way . alex if they be sick , great . but let 's make sure . ( plead ) come on , Nick . nick okay . we will see what 's up . but if thing be cool , I do not want to hear anything more about this . life 's too short , know what I mean ? Nick and Alex rise . stilt so you guy be cut school ? lemme go with you . nick just stay here , stilt . alex ( dead serious ) and do not watch any television . stilt think Nick and Alex be involved in some sort of joke , but he 's play along , grin . stilt oh , okay . forget twilight Zone , now we be talk Outer limit here . we control you horizontal , you vertical ... nick just do what she say , stilt . and if we be not back ... stilt I will call the National Guard . I get it under control . ( giggle ) oh , just one more thing . be it a supernatural thing you guy be go off to fight , or be it alien , like pod people and stuff like that ? Cause there 's a difference , you know . one you need garlic and silver bullet for , the other ... nick ( irritate ) look at I , stilt . be I laugh ? the grin fade from stilt ' face . Nick be definitely not laugh . nick just do what she say . do not watch television . Nick spin around and take Alex by the arm , lead she away . CUT to : ext . benz ' house -- day Nick sit in the passenger seat of greg 's car , glance across the street at ... alex she 's stand on the front porch of benz ' house , talk with he mom . Mom be currently shaking she head . Alex turn away and head back towards Nick . she come around the skylark and pull open she door . nick well ? alex she think benz be at school . Alex remain calm . she sit for a moment , stare ahead . finally she put the key in the ignition . nick where to now ? alex Laurie 's . CUT to : ext . laurie' house -- day Alex pull the skylark into Laurie 's driveway . the house be run down . you would not want to live here . above , the sky have cloud over . it look like it 's go to get nasty . alex come on . Nick follow Alex to the front door and Alex hit the buzzer . alex ( to herself ) Laurie ... answer ... come on ... Alex try the buzzer again . persistently . alex shit . Alex look close to crack . there 's a desperation in she face . alex this be like a movie or something . I mean , be I paranoid or what ? nick it do not necessarily mean she 's ... alex ( cut he off ) let 's go around back . before Nick can stop she , Alex be run around to the back . ext . laurie' house , back porch -- day the backyard be in a sorry state , with junk strewn everywhere . there 's a cannibalize car , pile of scrap wood , and a swing - set that 's hopelessly rusted . Alex wind she way to the back porch and a set of dusty glass door . she step up and clear a spot to look through . alex ( visibly relieved ) she 's here ! Nick join she at the window , peer inside . there p.o.v. they be look into a cluttere live room , dark except for the light that 's issue from the television . the television face away from we , but we can see Laurie , site in front of it , mesmerize . laurie she look like shit . Wan , with sink eye and muss up hair . mascara have run down she cheek , and even now , tear be trickle from she eye . yet despite this , there 's a daze smile on she face . we can not hear she , but she seem to be talk to the television . alex step back a moment , concerned . alex it be the game . she tap on the window . alex Laurie ! inside , Laurie continue to watch the screen , oblivious to the rest of the world . Alex tap the harder , use she fist now . alex ( louder ) laurie ! Nick join Alex now , and the two of they be bang on the glass . there 's no way in hell Laurie would not be able to hear they . Alex step back from the window again , panic . alex Nick , what do we do ?! Alex look around , see a two - by-four , and snag it . nick ( realize ) no , Alex ! Alex , wait a minute ... Alex swing the two - by-four like a club and smash !!! down come the glass in a shower . int . laurie' house , live room - day Alex and Nick enter and immediately sense that something be wrong . the light from the t.v. screen continue to flicker and a low - pitch electric hum permeate the air ... the sound a live wire might make . and the hum seem to be mobile too , coursing through the wall ...up , down , and around Alex and Nick . Nick 's eye try to track the hum as it race overhead . nick ( freak ) what be it ? and as Nick speak , he breath escape he mouth in a frosty plume of mist . it 's cold in here too . Laurie , meanwhile , have fail to notice Alex and Nick 's arrival . Alex and Nick step further in , to get a view of the t.v . static fill the screen . static and strange whisper / voice . it 's all indistinct . alex ( shaking Laurie ) Laurie ... wake up ... Laurie 's face be a mess . tear be run down , but she 's grin all the same . it 's frightening . laurie ( voice distant ) I be awake . ( grin wider ) do not you see they ? nick see what ? Laurie point to the t.v. screen . laurie angel . there be angel inside . but we see only static . alex we have to turn it off , Laurie . I be turn it off ... as Alex reach for the " off " knob , a face coalesc out of the static . it 's greg again . greg ( static -lace ) Alex . do not leave I here . nick Jesus Christ ! and on the screen , greg 's face metamorphosize into arcade 's ! arcade ( mock greg , electronic ) " don't leave I here " . and even as arcade speak , the voice seem to come from all around they , from the humming coursing through the wall . Nick back away from the screen , petrify . arcade ( seductive ) hi , nick . ready to kiss reality goodbye ? the humming around they have increase . Laurie begin to shake . alex Change the channel ! nick what ?! Alex snatch up the remote control and stab the button . on screen every single channel portray the fractal . recombine and grow . the screen flicker and arcade 's face appear again , reestablishing control . nick ( angry , scared ) who be you ?! arcade GOD . the word reverberate through the room and humming have become a roar around they . a electrical storm . outlet around the room be crackle with energy , spitting out SPARKS . arcade come inside . I only want to play . Alex drop the remote , stunne . alex oh God ... he 's in the cable system ! he 's out of the game ! Nick 's eye find the cable wire extend from the wall and into the t.v. sure enough , SPARKS be crackle down that wire and into the wall . arcade laugh and it 's the most awful sound we have ever hear . laurie be convulse now , and tiny SPARKS be racing around she eye . Alex see she and scream , clutching she hand to she ear in a attempt to block out the deafen roar . nick move without think , pick up a nearby chair and slamming it into the television . it explode glass , spark , and smoke . the humming stop altogether , quiet now . and then , from everywhere at once ... arcade see you on the other side . with a final roar , the energy behind the wall whip around and around , then rush away . outside , Nick catch a quick glimpse of SPARKS racing across the telephone wire suspend above the back yard . total silence for a moment . Alex and Nick be too stunne to speak . then Alex look at Laurie . laurie lie on the ground , unconscious . Glass scattered all around she . alex Laurie ... Alex drop to she side , try to find a pulse ... anything . nick be she breathe ? Alex nod . nick then leave she . alex we can not ... nick we will call 911 . look around Alex . we break in , smashed the t.v. , no one 's go to believe what happen here ! Alex glance around . the room be a mess . all the outlet be singe . and now she notice that everything electronic ...t.v. , clock , thermostat ... all of they have explode open . nick ( continue ) I believe you now . I do not know what the fuck just happen , but it do . now let 's get the hell out of here . Alex slowly rise , reluctant to leave Laurie 's side . alex where do we go ? nick my house . I want to try something . CUT to : ext . nick's house -- day as Alex and Nick pull up , the streetlight buzz on and off even though it 's still daylight . this do not escape Nick 's notice . Alex park the car and the two of they jump out . nick around back . ext . nick's backyard -- day Nick lead Alex to a cellar door and down inside . int . nick's cellar -- day rear the doorway be a old , paint - cake fuse box . Nick pries it open and begin unscrew fuse . nick I be not take any chance . Nick step back . nick okay . I be go inside . if I be not back out in , say , two minute , you get the hell out of here . Alex nod . she lift she digital watch up and set she timer with a beep . alex meet you by the car . CUT to : ext . nick's house -- day Alex sit on the hood of the skylark watch the streetlight above with a wary eye . she glance at she watch . about a minute and a half have elapse and ... here 's Nick now , carry a lap - top computer and a modem hook -up . Nick set the equipment in the back seat . nick we need to find a pay-phone . CUT to : ext . shopping mall , pay - phone -- day Nick set up he lab - top inside the phone booth as Alex watch . he hook up the modem to the phone receiver and turn the machine on . the SMALL screen warm up , and in black and white , we see the same fractal . Nick flip off the lap - top and sigh . nick that 's what I think . alex what ? nick it 's not just the cable system . it 's in the phone system as well , the electronic net . it 's everywhere . alex Nick , what be it . nick maybe it be alive in a way ... some sort of electronic intelligence . it 's like a computer virus that develop a personality or something . it 's self - replicate ... it mimic life . alex like the fractal ? Nick nod . he grab he skateboard out of the back seat and sit on the curb , spin a wheel with he finger . he stare at the wheel a moment . nick it 's grow . get stronger . maybe it 's only localize now ... alex ( catch he drift ) ... but then it hit the relay station ... nick right . and then communication satellite , and then anywhere . Alex look up into the sky despite herself . alex ( disbelief ) anywhere . ( beat ) we have to stop it from get out . nick ( shake he head ) it 's already out . alex the Police , then ... nick give I a break , Alex . what be we go to tell they ? Excuse I , officer , but there 's some sort of electronic monster loose in the phone line . I would think twice about call any of that 976 number ... alex ( angry ) then where do we go ?! nick I do not know . Alex stalk off a few pace . think . think ... alex slip -stream . nick what ? alex they make arcade . it 's still a game , right ? it think like a game . maybe it still have to play by the rule . someone have to program it in the first place , do not they ?. at this , Nick perk up . nick you mean we learn the rule ... alex and beat it at it 's own game . nick you realize that in order to do that , we would actually have to play the game . alex I be afraid you would say that . CUT to : ext . slip - stream , inc . -- day the slip -stream compound comprise a cluster of mirrore , antiseptic- look building . carefully maintain green surround the compound , dot with perfectly position tree . the whole effect , greenery include , seem prefabricate and sterile . we move with the camera , sweeping in and drop low , across the main concourse and up the stone step to the main lobby ... int . slip - stream lobby -- day Alex and Nick be move across the lobby . Nick be still carry he skateboard . the two of they look extremely out of place , be that the rest of the people bustling around they be " dress for success " . there p.o.v. as they approach a prefab receptionist sit behind and enormous desk . the guy 's smile be so perfect he must have have it tattooe on . he wear one of that obnoxious phone / headsets . receptionist May I help you ? alex we need to see Mr. difford . receptionist I see . and do you have a appointment ? nick no , but it 's important and if you would ... receptionist ( cut he off ) I be sorry , but if you do not have a appointment , I will not be able to help you . if you would like , you can call he office from we courtesy phone outside and schedule one ... Nick reach across the desk and snag the receptionist by he shirt , jerk he forward . nick ( menace ) if difford 's not out here it one minute we be call the news and inform they that you fuck game be whisper in we ear and tell we to commit suicide . I be talk public relation nightmare here , buddy . Satanism , virgin sacrifice , backward message , the whole bit . the receptionist glance at Alex who put on a stern face and nod . Nick release he grip . the receptionist smooth out he shirt and smile . receptionist one moment please ... ( punch in extension ) Rachel , would you be kind enough to tell Mr. difford that we have a situation in the lobby which require he immediate attention ? ( beat ) thank - you . the receptionist clasp he hand together and look back up . receptionist ( continue ) Mr. difford will be right with you . alex why thank - you . Alex and Nick move away from the reception desk , have cause quite a scene . the rest of the visitors watch they with curiosity . alex virgin sacrifice ? nick ( shrug ) drive them crazy every time . Nick cast he eye over the wall where graphic from various slip - stream game be display . he stop on one display in particular , a triptych of sort feature the haunt face of arcade . bing ! Alex and Nick turn at the sound , just in time to see difford exite a elevator and briskly make he way towards they . difford Nick , Alex , how be we today ? alex how would you know it be we ? difford Security camera . ( point to one ) pull you file before I come down . be careful what you say , kid ... I know where you live . difford laugh and clap Nick on the back . difford ( continue ) now what seem to be the problem ? alex it 's the game , arcade . difford you do not like it ? nick that 's gotta be the understatement of the century . it 's kill people . beat . difford look from Alex to Nick , and back again . his smile fade from he face . difford if this be a joke , I be not laugh . alex neither be we . something 's wrong with the game , Mr. difford . difford ( clear he throat ) why do not we take this into my office . CUT to : int . difford' office -- day difford close the door behind he . he stare and Alex and Nick for a moment , assess , calculate risk ... difford talk to I . alex there 's something wrong with arcade . the game 's alive somehow ... at this difford break into a smile . Nick see this and act quickly to save the situation . nick what Alex be try to say be that it " seem " like it 's alive . alex no I be not ... nick ( freezing she with a stare ) we be not get very far into the level and we kind of think maybe we could talk to a programmer , learn some trick and stuff ... ( beat ) I mean , you do not want we kid run around school say you game 's too hard , right ? difford ( relieved ) that 's what this be all about ? trick ? sure , I would be happy to introduce you to arcade 's programmer . Alex have catch on . she shut up for the moment . difford ( continue ) tell you what , I will take you down to we r&amp ; D lab right now . CUT to : int . research and development -- day hardly what you would expect . the lab be hopelessly cluttere , as if a whirlwind have sweep inside and throw everything helter-skelter . difford lead Nick and Alex inside . a man set in front of a stack on monitor . one he head be a helmet - like instrument ... sort of a extension of the stereoscopic goggle . he wear a lab-coat and a slip - stream i.d. badge , but aside from that , he appearance be unkempt . kind of you 60 drop - out look . difford this be one of we newest project . we be try to get rid of joy-stick altogether ... nick ( nodd ) the Air - Force be work on the same thing . man ( to screen ) come on , come on ... he move he head this way and that ... the monitor a computer- animated turtle be crawl across the screen . then the word " time's up " flash over . the turtle flip onto it 's back and die , tongue hang out . man shit . difford ( clear he throat ) Albert ... albert turn around in he seat and pull off the helmet . difford ( continue ) this be Nick and Alex . they would like to talk to you about arcade . maybe you can give they a few programmer 's secret . albert yeah , sure . difford ( to Nick and Alex ) then I leave you in capable hand . difford exit . Nick point to the helmet in Albert 's hand . nick do that thing work ? albert get there . it 's more sensitive than a joy-stick . you video- character can respond as fast as you can . ( stand ) but what can I do for you ? alex we be have some problem with arcade ... albert yeah , who be not . nick what do you mean ? albert it 's a tough game . hard to pin that bastard down . keeps on change the rule . alex we vere think there might be trick . you know , surprise that you would work into the game ... albert sure . every game 's get them . I will start with the schematics . I can print this up if you want . Albert move back to the wall of monitor , then reach for a computer disk and insert it into a nearby drive . he tap a few button and bingo ... schematics of each world / level within the arcade game appear on the monitor . albert you have get you ten level , right ? here they be ... each level have a exit , only remember , the exit be not always what they seem . ( point to each one ) first one 's the blood Red Sky , then you have get the Blue Desert , Tower of ghost , Kingdom of the blind ... on each world you have to find a golden key and you have only get so much time to do it in . if you be too late , the screamer come . nick how do you stop the screamer ? albert you can not . he get you and you be dead . it 's like time catch up with you , you know ? like fate . each level you get progressively less time to complete . first half of the game take place in the Wild land . then you reach level 6 , and that 's the Sea of darkness . there 's a two-head boatman that will take you across if you answer he riddle right . if you do not ... he motion cut a knife across he throat . nick what 's the riddle ? albert if I tell you , then it 's no fun . nick ( harder ) just tell I the fuck riddle . albert well ... it involve a paradox . you have to trick the boatman . ( beat ) now all the while , you also have to watch you strength . you can build that back up by catch fireflies ... the little glow guy ... Albert hit some key again and level one through six disappear . now they be replace by Seven through ten . only instead of a schematic for level eleven , there 's only a question matc . albert ( continue ) the next half of the game take place in arcade 's brain , the City of Truth . it 's urban scenario , lot of metal and concrete . screamer come faster here . on level four you can get a free life if you wait until the last possible second before exite that world . gotta time it right though . alex what 's the question mark ? albert level ten . that 's where you have get to unlock arcade 's heart use the key you have find . alex how do you do that ? albert good question . see , that 's where the fun come in . arcade change it every time . he 's a machine without a soul . once you give he a soul , he stop be a threat . Alex look deject . alex but how can it change every time ? albert it 's the game 's logic core . we actually pattern it after human brainwave . I mean , there 's a personality in there . that 's what make it so incredible . nick how the hell do you do that ? albert well , we be veer into classified info here , but I will tell you that it involved a donor . he be dead of course , so it 's not like anything unethical be happen . at this , a chill run down Alex 's spine . alex Dead ? albert well , brain - dead anyway . coma patient . it 's really not all that important . alex maybe he 's not dead . albert he ? alex the donor . maybe he 's alive inside the game . albert ( laugh ) and maybe you have be take too many drug . Nick glance at the helmet again . nick could you play arcade with that ? albert well , technically " yes " , but this be only the prototype . Nick nod and smile , offer he hand . nick thanks , Albert . think you could print up that schematics ? albert sure . Albert move back to the computer console . meanwhile , Nick pull Alex aside . nick ( quietly ) go outside , get you car , and meet I out front with the engine run . and make it quick , okay ? alex what be you go to do ? nick get that helmet . if we be go to play arcade , I want every advantage possible . across the lab , Albert be oblivious to they conversation . Alex back towards the lab door , turn , and open they . CUT to : int . slip - stream hallway - day Alex make she way quickly down the hall , turn a corner and pass a security guard . she wave at he , she smile fade as soon as she 's pass . CUT to : int . r&amp ; D lab - day Albert be just pull the last print copy of the schematics from a laser printer . he turn and hand they to Nick . albert here you go . happy hunt . Nick take the schematics and tuck they inside he jacket . nick thanks again . and with that , Nick pull back he fist and punch Albert square in the face . Albert go down , more stunne than hurt , and Nick spring into action . he scoops up the cyberhelmet in he free hand , kick open the door , and toss he skateboard into the hallway ... int . slip - stream hallway - day Nick leap on the board and start pump he foot like a bandit , pick up speed like mad ... he 's racing down the hallway , maneuver between startle employees . and here come a man with a mail cart ... whoosh ! Nick zip by he . and now a alarm be ringing . nick shit ... int . another hallway - day Nick come screeching around the corner , narrowly miss a collision with two security guard . guard # 1 that 's he ! but Nick 's already past they . he put he foot down again , push for more momentum ... the guard be after he now , charging down the hallway . up ahead , a set of double door label " emergency exit " block he way . Nick spin out , sweeping the back of the board forward and scream to a stop just before the door . he kick the board up into he free hand and ... wham ! he hit the door run . now the FIRE alarm be blaring in addition to the other alarm . a voice be squawk over the p.a. and it 's a hell of a racket . voice ( on p.a. ) security breach in r&amp ; D. subject heading toward eastern exit ... int . stairwell -- day Nick be charge down the stair four and a time ... one level , two ... now he 's reach ground floor ... int . ground floor hallway - day boom ! Nick tumble out of the stairwell only to see a trio of guard head straight for he . Nick drop he board to the ground and head right , pump he foot ... one of the guard leap at he and ... ... miss by a foot or so , crashing to the tile floor . nick screech to another stop , twist , and start pump down another hallway ... int . loading area -- day Nick plow into the load area like a bullet , whipping around stack of box and lumber forklift . a few worker attempt to stop he , but he 's move too fast . ahead , be a load dock , raise four foot from the ground to accommodate semis . Nick 's head for it . the load door be open , and outside be freedom . just then , the steel load door begin to grind and lower . some genius have hit the control . nick pump like mad , and he 's really move now . either he will make it , or he 's go to hit that steel door at about forty mile and hour ... the door be quickly close off Nick 's escape route . he 's only get about four foot to negotiate ... Nick duck low and clear it ! ext . loading dock -- day Nick rocket off the load dock , through the air and down , hit the concrete driveway . the driveway peel off to the leave and slope downward . Nick hang tight , hug the curve , and pick up more speed . below , the driveway split off . to the leave , slip - stream 's main building , and to the right , the parking lot . guard be pile into a electric cart , speed up from the leave to cut Nick off . it 's go to be close ... Nick fork off to the right dust before they reach he . it 's clear sailing now , and up ahead , Nick can see Alex pull up to the end of the driveway ... whoosh ! Nick scrape the board forward , grind the wheel sideways in order to slow he speed ... he leap . pick the board up with he . and dunk himself smack - dab in the back seat of the skylark . alex gun the engine and tear away in a cloud of exhaust . ext . country road -- day Nick be in the back seat , laughing . the sun be beginning its descent and the sky be take on a reddish tint . nick Jesus Christ ! alex I can not believe you make it ! Nick climb into the front seat next to Alex , and for a second , he 's pretty close to she . he kiss she on the cheek ... catch up in the moment . then he sink back , catch he breath . alex you get the schematics ? nick everything . neither one speak for a moment as the mood dampen once again . driving . wind whipping Alex 's hair around . she stare at the road ahead . alex so where do we play the game , Nick ? Nick do not answer at first . for a second there , he would manage to forget everything . nick I have be think about that . ( beat ) arcade 's like a virus , so it seem like the place to hit he would be where the virus start . you know , like he point of origin ? alex ( grim ) Dante 's inferno . nick yeah . ( deep breath ) the inferno . overhead , as we watch Alex 's skylark speed away from we . shadows be creep across the landscape now . streetlight be flicker , sputtering on . and night be fall . dissolve to : ext . dante' inferno -- night sweep down from the sky , we follow the skylark . as Alex and Nick near the inferno , streetlight blink off in succession ... progressive darkness work its way towards they destination . dante' inferno we move past the paint wall , the various demon illuminate by moonlight . Alex and Nick rush to the front door . it 's gated . Inside , the inferno be totally dark . shadows . alex the window be bar ... ( think ) there 's a skylight . we can get in through the roof . CUT to : ext . dante' inferno roof - night Alex and Nick creep over the roof , and sure enough , there 's a skylight in the center , cake with grime . Nick stand and plant he foot through the skylight . it shatter , raining down glass into the darkness below . Nick pull off he belt and hook it around one of the iron sash bar . gripping the belt , he lower himself down . after a moment , he disappear from view . Alex lean over the skylight . she can not see a thing . alex Nick ... ( beat ) Nick ! for the longest moment there 's no response . then ... nick ( o.s. ) ( from below ) okay , you turn . Alex climb over and grasp the belt tightly , lowering herself down into the inferno . int . dante' inferno -- night Alex dangle from the skylight , a good eight foot from the floor . alex ( warily ) be you there ? her p.o.v. the inferno be a world of threaten shape and shadow . and Nick be nowhere to be see . Alex steel herself and drop to the floor . she stand , a bit shaky , and cautiously move around a cluster of video game . nick be stand on the other side , stare at a game screen which pulse with a dim light . Alex approach , put a hand on he shoulder . he turn . nick Alex ... alex you do not hear I ? Nick shake he head . Alex lean forward to see what he 's look at . on the screen fractal be unfold . it 's mesmerize . alex stop look at it . Nick shut he eye , pull away from the screen . he shake he head , try to clear he thought . nick shit ... it 's like a trance or something ... ( breathes ) okay . I be fine . really . it 's at that moment that Nick and Alex hear the voice . video screen all around they flicker on , static - lace image fade in . they be the face of they friend ... greg , Laurie , and many other . all that that have disappear . the voice fade in and out , merge with one another , tinged with the same mechanical edge of arcade 's voice . voice ( eerie ) Nick ... Alex ... save we ... alex ( horrify ) oh God ... Nick grab Alex and pull she into the canter of the room . nick put it out of you head , Alex . it 's just try to psyche we out . despite Nick 's word , we can tell that the voice be have a dishearten effect on he . the arcade prototype stand in front of they now , and surprisingly , the machine be not on . the eye in the leer black face be quite dead . around Alex and Nick , the face of they friend continue to fade in and out , casting the whole room in a strange shimmer blue light . Nick move to the back of the machine and open the access panel , revealing the internal circuitry . he pull a small penlight from he pocket and flip it on . alex what be you look for ? nick a way to hook this helmet into the game . I be sure there be interface ... nick's p.o.v. and indeed there be . parallel interface , where you might hook a printer cable into a computer . Nick take the cable from the cyberhelmet and secure it into one of the interface . nick there . now we be wire in . he stand and move around front , press the " start " button of the game . nothing happen . he press it again . nothing . alex be the game plugge in ? Nick check . it be . nick ( frustrated ) I do not understand . it want we to play the game . it 's be taunting we ... alex put in a quarter . nick it can turn itself on , Alex ! it do not need a quarter . alex yes it do . do not you see ? we have to play by the rule . that 's what it want . Nick rifle through he pocket . he do not have a quarter . neither do Alex . nick Change machine . Nick move over to the change machine and pick up a nearby chair . he smashes the chair into the face of the machine again and again , obliterate the lock . Nick open the front of the machine and tear out the coin box , spilling quarter all over the floor . he grab a handful and return . nick there . he shove one in arcade 's coin-slot and pull on the cyberglove . alex two player , Nick . you need to put in another quarter . Nick strap the goggle over he eye . nick you be not come , Alex . alex yes I be ... nick ( snap ) I know how to do this ! I be good at this game . you never play , you would be nail in a instant . alex and what if something happen to you ? be I suppose to go in after you alone ?! nick no . if you be smart , you run like hell . Alex grab a second quarter and shove it in the coin slot . alex I be go . Nick stare at she a moment , then nod tiredly . she reach for the second pair of cyberglove and pull they on . nick you do not get it , do you ? alex ( strapping on goggle ) what ? nick I do not want anything to happen to you . I care about you . alex I already have a boyfriend , Nick . nick I know . ( beat ) it suck . the two of they stand there a moment , look at one another . after a moment , Nick laugh tiredly . nick what can I say ? ( pull on the cyberhelmet ) tough be a hero , be not it ? Nick reach out for the joy-stick and hit the " start " button . nick ( grim ) here go nothing . as before , the screen come to life . darkness and spark . then we hear the breathing . arcade' face spin into view , grin at Alex and Nick . arcade nick . alex . I missed you so much . all you friend be here . alex fuck -you . arcade any time . alex we know what you be . arcade a heartless monster , of course . ( incredibly evil ) oh save I , alex , save I from myself . arcade laugh and it 's not a sound you would want to hear twice . the lightbeam click on , play over they face and analyze they feature . on screen arcade be face spin away and computer - generate version of Alex and Nick appear . as before , they be suite up in video game armor , each carry a thrasher board . arcade kiss reality goodbye . the video version of Nick and Alex hop onto they thrasher board and the world around they curl in upon itself . the process be similar to what we have see before , but even more extreme . light and sound be pour out of the arcade machine in almost unbearable intensity . it seem as if the " real " world be go to be shake apart . nick ( over noise ) hold on ! arcade see you on the other side . another flash of light and ... Alex and Nick disappear from the real world completely . they equipment , glove and goggle , fall to the floor , empty . they have be physically suck inside the game ! the light from the screen die down now and everything be oddly quiet . on screen boom ! suddenly a circuit grid be rush up to meet they ! ( note : as we move through each level , video legend will appear on the screen as title card , enhance the effect that we be actually inside a video game . ) the word " level one -- blood red sky " flash across the screen and we ... CUT to : ext . level one , the plain -- day Alex and Nick slam into the ground like twin meteor , splash up water and muck . the red sky crackle with lightning . smoke obscure everything . Alex and Nick pull themselves up , a bit daze . alex ( look around ) you feel it ? it 's different this time . nick we be actually inside , be not we ? Alex nod . nick okay . ( deep breath ) give we a kiss ? alex ( after a moment ) one . in case ... nick do not even say it . Nick lean over and gently kiss Alex on the lip . it 's over in a moment , but he will savor it the rest of he life . nick thanks . always want to do that . alex yeah , well I figure this be unusual circumstance . nick ( grin ) that 's what I be hope you would say . Nick flip the visor on he helmet down and check the digital read - out on he cyberglove . when he speak , he voice be filter through a radio headset . Nick look good in he armor , tough . Hell , they both do . nick I will take the lead and handle the physical threat . you watch the elapse time and look for exit . alex get it . Nick toss he thrasher board down and it hover above the water . he step onto it , comfortable . Alex do the same . she 's a little shaky , but she maintain she balance . nick you steer by pivote you back foot ... ( he demonstrate ) okay ? Nick turn , look around . the land seem identical in every direction . nick which way do you think level two be ? alex you have get the schematics , check . Nick panic for a moment , patting he uniform , check pocket . he can not find they . nick oh shit ! what if they do not come with we ?! he stop . reaches into a pocket , and pull out the schematics . breathes a sigh of relief . nick ( look at they ) okay . it 's West . alex the key be suppose to be at the end of each level . once we get all the key , we can unlock arcade 's heart . and then ... she look at Nick , uncertain . nick ... and then we go to the final level . ( off she look ) hey , do not worry about it . it 's a game . how bad could it be ? Alex glance at she wrist display . the " elapsed time " bar be make up of ten block of light stack upon each other . the top block have disappear . one tenth of they time be go . alex the clock 's already tick . nick right , then ... Nick lean forward and the board start to float . Alex do the same , and in second , they be glide over the plain . from above , as we see they form disappear in the smoke . dissolve to : ext . level one , plain -- later Nick and Alex pull to a stop . a doorway stand in the plain , seemingly lead to nowhere . Nick reach out and open it . it 's just plain and empty space beyond ... ... but hang from the top of the doorway be a golden key . alex there ... she reach up and pull it down . nick I do not get it . this be suppose to be the end of the level , but it do not go anywhere . Alex put she hand through the doorway and she hand disappear . alex it only look like it lead to nowhere . Nick glance at he wrist display . nick and we have still get time leave . this be a piece of cake . alex yeah , that 's what worry I . she step through the doorway and disappear . Nick follow . we hold on the empty doorway . hold for a moment , and then ... we hear a distant , high - pitch ringing . it 's grate , seeping inside we brain and muck around in there . on the horizon there be a quick flash of light . something be come . CUT to : the word " level two -- deadland " ext . level two , salt flat -- day Alex and Nick be cruise along salt flat . sporadic pool of water and strange roaring sound in the mist . so far so good . Nick glance at he wrist display . his " strength " only have a few block leave . nick hey , my strength 's low . look out for Firefly . alex there ... she point North . a small ball of light be streaking across the sky , just above the watery plain . Alex and Nick swerve towards it , gain ground . as they near it , Nick swing out he hand , scoop the firefly up . as soon as he touch it , it burst like a bubble . nick shit ... alex check you read-out . Nick do . his " strength " be back to normal again . nick you be right . it work . Nick and Alex slow they board to a stop , step off they . alex ( point ) there 's another ... she sweep leave and scoops the second firefly out of the sky . off in the distance we can hear that ringing again , just at the edge of we vision . Alex and Nick do not hear it yet . Nick be glance down at he schematic of level two . nick accord to this , the doorway should be somewhere around here ... there p.o.v. the salt flat have gradually diminish , replace by more and more water . ahead of they , there 's no longer anything solid to stand on ... just water , muck , and strange reed poke through the mist . Alex 's wrist display begin to beep . she glance down . wrist display only one block of time remain and it 's pulsing on and off . the ringing be a little louder now . alex ( worried ) we time 's up . nick what ?! there 's nothing here ! alex look around ... the two of they stumble through the water , not even sure of what they be look for . nick ( start to panic ) I do not see the doorway ! Alex and Nick 's wrist display be beeping like crazy now . the beep come closer and closer until they meld into one pierce high - pitch tone . just then , the ringing turn into the shriek / sonic boom of the screamer . a burst of light on the horizon shatter the sky . nick what the fuck be that ?! alex screamer . alex plunge into the marsh - like water , waist-high , and it 's then that she see a glow emanate from beneath the water . she dive forward ... beneath the surface of the brackish water Alex swim towards the glow . ahead of she , the depth drop off sharply , perhaps some hundred foot or so . her p.o.v. she can just make out a doorway ... down , down , down ... the surface Alex burst up from the water , gulp in breath of air . Nick be nearby . the world be beginning be vibrate now , herald the screamer . the shriek be unbearable . alex Nick ! it 's beneath the water ! we have to swim ! Nick stumble in up to he neck . he can see the glow now too . nick ( incredulous ) we can not reach that ! alex ( over the noise ) we do not have a choice ! Alex dive beneath the surface again . Nick glance back towards the horizon and get one fleeting glimpse of ... the screamer a nightmare creation rocketing in from the East ... that 's it for Nick . he dive , terrify . underwater , Nick follow Alex into the shadowy depth . he swim madly , but the glow seem impossibly far away . even under water , the apocalyptic sound of the screamer can be hear . nick pedal he arm and leg furiously . down , down , down ... he know that they will never have enough air to make it back to the surface . the glow be more clearly distinguished now . it 's a doorway . and set in its side be a golden key . Alex reach it . she grab the key and turn to see how far behind Nick be ... nick double he effort , but he lung be strain ... the screamer have plunge into the water above , shoot towards Nick like a torpedo , a swirl jet-stream of bubbles trail around it . Nick panic , and what little air he have leave escape he . Alex be reach for Nick ... Nick be black out , one last lunge at the doorway ... the screamer be there now . no time . the word " level three -- the blue desert " flash across the screen and we ... CUT to : ext . level three , desert -- day Alex and Nick fall from the sky onto the dune . they lie there a moment , gasp for breath . they be a odd sight , two people soak from head to toe , drop in the middle of a bone - dry desert ... ... and a blue one at that . there 's a eerie stillness about this level , even the cloud above be freeze . nothing life here now , and nothing ever will . Nick cough , suck in air . Alex rise halfway , pull up she visor . she stare at the golden key which she clutches in she hand . her wet hair hang about she face in string and she shiver . nick ( look at the key ) so that 's what we almost die for ? alex one of they , anyway ... ( beat ) do you see it ? the screamer ? nick ( look away ) I do not want to talk about it . Nick glance at he wrist display . display even as he watch , the first of the ten " time elapsed " block blink away . nick ( exhaust ) Christ ... no time ... alex ( rise ) there never be . Nick heave himself up into a stand position and look around . they be on the top of a massive dune . there thrasher board now look like snowboard . it do not take Nick long to figure out what to do . nick we can take the dune down like a ski slope . pretend you be on a snowboard . alex ( snap down she visor ) never be on a snowboard . Nick step on the board and edge it over the crest of the dune . he begin to slide down , slowly pick up speed . a series of shot ... ... as Alex and Nick negotiate the dune . they glide over the sand gracefully , cut back leave and right to keep they speed down , sweeping in wide arc ... under any other circumstance , they would be have the time of they life . Alex have adjust to the environment quickly , at ease of the thrasherboard . later -- the dune gradually level out . Alex and Nick slow to a stop . Alex flip up she visor . her face be cover with grime now , harden . alex I guess we be walk from here on out . they pick up they board and walk . dissolve to : ext . level three , desert -- later Alex and Nick have be walk for a long time . Nick be silent , just stare straight ahead at the endless sand . he look waste . zone out . his face be bead with sweat . once again , they wrist display begin to beep . alex ( almost a whisper ) time 's up . Nick start to laugh , sink to he knee . nick we be fuck . that 's it . Alex pull on Nick 's arm , force he to he foot . alex get up , Nick ... Nick be not go anywhere fast . Alex try to drag he forward , but she slip in the sand . alex get up !!! and then , from off in the distance ... voice ( o.s. ) ( far away ) Alex ... help I ... Alex turn . she focus on the horizon and see a tiny speck . she tap a control on she helmet and she view be magnify . alex' p.o.v. benz be up ahead . bury up to he waist in the blue sand and sink quickly . he wave he hand for help . and clutch in one of they be the second key . alex it 's benz !!! Alex break into a run , and after a moment , Nick follow . he 's walk , though ... in no hurry to reach benz . on benz the desert be swallow he up . only he head and arm remain . he 's in a state of total panic . benz ( terrify ) get I out of here ! oh God !!! alex be run at top speed , half - stumbling across the dune . her wrist-display be beeping furiously . benz his head start to disappear beneath the sand and he cry be choke off . alex benz ! Alex reach the spot and now , only benz ' clutch fist remain . the hand open and the gold key fall onto the sand . Alex dive for benz ' hand , but it sink just before she can reach it . she scream and claw at the sand , try to find he . she dig and dig , but all she find be more sand . with each second she become more frantic . finally Alex stop , notice the key and idly pick it up . the sand around Alex erupt and bone come fly up into the air , benz ' bone ! Alex scream . the bone rain down around she in bloody fragment . it 's as if the Earth have chew benz up and spit out the nasty bit . at that very moment , the beeps on she wrist-display meld into the single tone herald ... the screamer as if on cue , it enter level two , break the sound barrier . on nick as he stand some hundred foot away , oblivious to everything . we can hear Alex scream , but the sound be muffle , distant . Nick be stare down at he foot at a area where the sand have harden like glass . Inside the sand / glass , Nick can make out fractal . he smile . the screamer streak across the sky towards they , blow up a maelstrom of sand as it cross the dune ... on alex as she see that a rabbit hole of sort have be create where the bone be eject . actually , not a rabbit hole , but a circular , pulsing mouth with razor sharp tooth . Alex realize , much to she horror , that this be the doorway to level Three ! Alex shout at Nick , try to break the spell over he . alex run! run !!! but the screamer be bear down on he , like a heat-seeking missile ... on nick as he watch the fractal . arcade be face appear in the mirrore sand , smile back at he . arcade goodbye , nick . at the last possible moment , Nick seem to wake from he trance . he see Alex , hear she , then turn . he have about one fear - wringht second to realize that the screamer have reach he when ... wham !!!!!!!!! the screamer slam into Nick at about 200 mile per hour . Nick , literally , liquefy . the human body be 95 % water , and Nick explode like a water balloon on high impact , blood spraying in a fine mist across the dune , Alex , and everything for a good fifty yard . Alex be freeze with terror . you remember you worst childhood nightmare monster ? the one you would see in you room at night as you brain cook with fever ? too paralyze to call out for Mom ? well that 's the screamer . the screamer stand where Nick use to be ( a red mess on the blue sand now ) . Black as night . like live , roiling lava . smoke , charge red eye . one third demon , one third balrog , and one third rotting corpse . clad in chain and samurai armor , clinking as it move . it rear back its head , open a fange mouth , and let loose a roar design to shake the star from the sky . then it focus it 's eye on Alex . and it charge . alex unfreeze . she 's get second to make up she mind , the doorway / mouth or the screamer . it 's really no choice at all . Alex turn and dive straight down into the pulsing mouth . the jaw of the rabbit hole SNAP shut around she . darkness consume everything . this word appear on screen , " level three -- tower of ghost " CUT to : ext . level four , volcano -- day we be look at a steep cliff face compose of black , volcanic rock . this world be desaturate , gray , and harsh . the rock look sharp as razor . as we will discover , the cliff face be also compose of skull , old and blacken , set inside the rock . we hear a humming and Alex " fade in " , appear on the side of the cliff face . immediately she start to fall , realize where she be , and hug the cliff for dear life . rock shard crumble away beneath she foot . Alex look down ... Big mistake . she hug the cliff face tighter , tear and grime streaking she face . she 's alone now and she know it . she look up ... it 's a long way to go . Alex reach a hand upward . ouch ! the rock 's hot . she jerk she hand back and almost lose she perch . her hand her glove be smoking and singe . Alex start to cry freely now . she reach inside she chestplate , fumble , and pull something out ... it 's the Polaroid of she and greg . but then the wind catch it and tear it from she hand . the polaroid twist downward , round and round into infinity . Alex stare after it a moment . then she let out a tired little laugh and start to climb . a series of dissolves ... as Alex climb , sometimes use a skull itself as a hand or foothold . we see she " time elapsed " block blink away . time run out and more climb . then ... ext . level four , volcano rim -- day Alex stand on the rim of the volcano . at she foot be a golden key . and before she , a big drop . alex' wrist display her final block of time disappear . the beeping start . Alex do not even pause . she step off the rim into empty space ... ... and just as she 's about to fall , a doorway of light appear in the air . Alex fall through it , vanish . " level five -- kingdom of the blind " CUT to : ext . level five , arctic wastes -- day snow whip across a world of white in wraith - like sheet . we move in on one particular bank ... something be bury there . the wind gradually blow the snow away , uncover ... alex she rise from the snow bank , disorient . everything be impossibly bright , blind . Alex stand . she draw up she hand to shade she eye and we ... dissolve to : begin montage : Music begin . cellos . like before . Alex , snowboard for real this time , over slope of powder ... Alex 's " strength " diminish ... Alex catch Firefly ... Alex jump across a crevice on she board . ( Warren Miller stuff here ) ... " time elapsed " grow with every moment ... Alex glide down mountainside ... a flash of greg , of benz , of Laurie ... a flash of Nick ... nick's voice ( v.o. ) I know how to do this . I be good at this game . you never play , you would get nail in a second . and a flash of Nick 's horrify face at the screamer reach he ... Alex 's face , grim and determine ... ext . level five , arctic wastes -- later Alex glide to a stop even as she wrist display start to beep . this time a wooden doorway be stand directly in front of she , the golden key stick out of the lock . as Alex reach for it , the screamer enter level four . Alex slowly open the door . albert voice ( v.o. ) you can get a free life on level four , but you have to wait for the last possible instant ... Alex turn and wait calmly for the screamer . the screamer be a black speck on the horizon , then a bullet , then a nightmarish face bear down on she ... it's jaw flare open to engulf she . Alex do not flinch at all . and at the last possible second before impact ... blink ! a stylize figure appear on she wrist-display next to the " time elapsed " meter . beneath the figure it say " free life " . Alex feel the breath of the screamer on she face and fall back through the doorway ... " level six -- SHOCK corridor " CUT to : int . level six , SHOCK corridor -- night Alex step out of a doorway into a long , narrow hallway . the hallway be mirrore on one side . it have no door or window , and up ahead , it branch off to the right and the leave . Alex turn and look behind she . the doorway she come through be go now . a mirrore wall stand in its place , with she own reflection stare back at she . the reflection there be subtle change . they should not be noticeable at first , but the reflection seem somehow more threaten . Alex start down the hall , she reflection keep pace with she . up ahead , she hear a buz noise , draw closer . light flicker in the hallway to the leave , presumably whatever it be that 's buz . suddenly a streak of light , run along the floor , turn the corner and head down the hallway towards Alex . the light hit she foot and SPARKS fly . Alex scream and be throw back against the wall , shocked . the streak of light continue past she and disappear into the mirror at the hall 's end . it 's like a move electrical pulse . alex she 's be give a pretty good jolt . her hand shake for a moment , a after-seizure of sort , and she stand ... her mirrore reflection be watch she , arm cross . this would not be a problem be it not for the fact that Alex currently do not have she arm cross ! alex ( to she reflection ) fuck you . the reflection grin and its / she eye glow with fractal . alex reflection ( in arcade be voice ) any time , bitch . spook , Alex continue down the hallway , reach the end and turn leave ... new corridor Alex move quick now , glance leave as she reflection follow . buzzzzz !!! here come another streak of light , rush in along the floor from a side corridor ... Alex leap over it , and it pass harmlessly under she . now she 's get the hang of it . she start forward again . buzzzzz !!! here come two at a time from opposite direction ... Alex have to jump leave to avoid the first streak and land directly in the path of the second . then she jump back to the right again ... the two streak pass by , zipping away from each other . another corridor the pace quicken , with Alex racing down the corridor . she turn corner after corner . it 's become a virtual maze . we cut back to Alex 's " strength " and " time elapsed " meter again and again . both be shrink away to nothing . and all the while , she reflection keep pace with she , grow increasingly more nightmarish in appearance . as Alex tire , the reflection seem to gain more strength . buzzzzz !!! buzzzzz !!! the streak be shoot towards she with more frequency , and now they be racing along the wall too . Alex be jump leave and right , with SPARKS explode around she . the reflection seem to be metamorphosize . each time we see it / she , she look a little different . what 's gradually happen ( as time elapse ) be that Alex 's reflection be turn into the screamer . Alex move with increase urgency as the streak converge on she . the corridor be fill with a constant buz and flicker of light . SPARKS fly and Alex be shocked over and over . she stumble , fall to the floor , and roll to the right , just miss a streak . it cut past she face , centimeter away . beep ! beep ! beep ! off go she wrist display ! Alex be up and run now , desperate . we cut faster and faster Alex run , the streak of light , the reflection until ... end corridor she 's back where she start . and the corridor dead - end in a mirrore wall ... behind alex , dozen of light streak be dogging she heel , literally just behind she . they be so thick that she could not possibly leap over all of they . second before they reach she . ahead of alex , the mirror show she own reflection , rush closer . her wrist display indicate that time be up with a prolong beep and she own reflection vanish . it 's the screamer in she reflection 's place . only it 's rocketing towards she in the mirror . it 's in front of she this time , instead of behind she . rock and a fuck hard place . Light streak or screamer ? it 's really no choice at all . her gut say " screamer " . Alex leap and smashes into the mirror at full speed . the world be fill with shatter glass and a shower of infinite reflection and then we ... CUT to : ext . level seven , pier -- day the sound of shatter glass carry through as Alex explode out of the sky . and it 's the sky itself that seem to be shatter ... title read " level seven -- sea of darkness " alex continue she fall . she land hard . no blue desert sand to cushion she here . it take she a moment to rise ... Alex be on a slat- board pier extend out into a sea of black water . the shore be completely desolate with the exception of the pier . storm cloud have gather above , and if you have see a storm blow in on the open sea , you know what it look like ... ... the and of the world . a strange and scary yellow / green sky press down on we . it 's a hurricane sky . the calm before the storm . on the horizon , two city can be see . techno-cityscapes , angular and metallic-look , tower jutting up from the sea like knife . at the end of the pier be two boat . stand in they be two pale - face , cloak figure . like charon , the boatman on the river styx . somewhere off in the distance , the ringing can be distinctly hear now . but Alex be preoccupy now . as she move down the pier , recognition dawns on she . it 's Laurie and stilt . they be dress completely in black , hair slicked back and eye empty . White - face gothic harlequin . each be hold a wooden staff , stare into space . alex guy ! oh my God ... Alex rush forward , excited , but as she see they face excitement fade . a chill wind pick up and the sea lap at the pier like a metronome , lulling the world into stillness . alex ( unsure ) Laurie ? stilt ? neither of they acknowledge Alex with they eye . stilt ( like arcade ) you may ask one of we a question . one tell the truth , and the other lie . who you ask , remain you discretion . but if the answer be wrong , the questioner die . Laurie motion to the techno-city behind she . laurie ( like arcade ) one of this city , be the place you seek . the teller of truths will take you there . but the City of lies , be dark and bleak . and death be certain if you enter , beware . stilt I be the liar . where should I take you ? laurie I be the Truth teller . where should I take you ? Alex stare at they a moment , utterly confuse . the sky above darken , and the wind pick up . she look to the horizon , from one city to another , then back at she friend . alex ( horrify ) what do he do to you ? laurie be that you question ? alex ( realize ) wait ! no ! that 's not it ! beep ! beep ! beep ! Alex do not even need to look at she wrist display anymore . she begin to pace on the end of the pier , nervously glance at the horizon . and yes , there 's the flash follow by the shriek / sonic boom . alex ( to herself ) think ! I want to go to the City of Truth , and the Truth teller be from there ... but which one be which ? the liar ... think ! laurie you have no time . what be you question ? alex ( snap back ) I be think ! laurie you have no time . the screamer be visible now , arm open to engulf Alex . talk about pressure . alex ( she stop pace ) the liar ... Truth teller ...liar ...liar ... Alex rush over to stilt . alex liar . do you come from the city on the leave , or the city on the right ? stilt ( point ) I come from the city on the leave . alex ( grin ) but you always lie , so you do not come from there . that mean the city on the leave must be the City of Truth . the screamer have reach the pier now , rocketing over the wooden slat and shaking the entire structure ... Alex turn to Laurie . alex ( quickly ) take I to the city on the leave ! Laurie nod and step aside , make room for Alex to climb into the boat . she do and ... the screamer dissipate just before it reach Alex . it turn into mist and vanish , the howl linger as a echo long after the screamer itself have go . at once , the boat begin to glide through the water , away from the pier . Alex get a last glimpse of stilt stand in he boat , diminish as Alex and Laurie move away from he . he look like the loneliest person in the world . " level EIGHT -- CITY of truth " ext . level seven , OPEN sea -- later as Alex and Laurie near the city , its feature become more apparent . it be truly a necropolis , black and angular . it 's a shadow on the sunset horizon , empty of all life and loom above they . just then , Alex hear a tiny voice . voice ( weak ) help ... help I ... a SMALL figure bob in the water about fifty yard in front of they . it wave it 's hand frantically , sink below the water 's surface , then rise once again . it 's a little boy . Alex 's boat be go to pass right by the boy . she grab hold of the gunwale and reach out for he ... alex grab my hand ! they hand lock and Alex yank the boy out of the water as the boat cruise by . the boy can not be more than seven or eight . small and frail - look , he shiver in she arm . boy ( terrify ) where be we ? just then the boat come to a crashing stop , slamm into the black rock which the city rest on . Alex and the boy be violently pitch forward and out of the boat . they land roughly on a beach of black gravel . Alex turn . laurie stand in the boat . in a instant , night have fall . she be a silhouette in the moonlight . laurie ( in a voice like death ) the City of Truth . and Laurie literally fade before they eye . in she place , be a small golden key . Alex snatch up the key . Alex turn back to the boy and ... int . level EIGHT , concrete wasteland -- night ... Alex and the boy be now stand on the top of a concrete incline . it extend downward into a system of tunnel and viaduct . the ringing start immediately , follow by the flash on the horizon . time 's already up . the little boy reach for Alex 's hand , frighten . alex how do you get here ? do you play the game ?! boy yes ... alex think so . Alex remove pull she thrasher board from she back and drop it on the lip of the incline . there 's a flash and the board have change into a motorcycle . a sleek black one . alex can you hang onto my back ? the little boy nod . he know that Alex be he only chance of get out of here . nevertheless , we can tell that he 's terrify . Alex kneel down next to he . the wind around they have pick up and the ringing increase . High -pitch , stabbing into we brain . alex ( over noise ) there 's a monster here . we have to kill it before we can leave . that 's what we have to do . I know it 's scary , but I will not let anything happen to you . okay ? the boy nod again . boy then we will go home ? alex then we will go home . Alex 's wrist display start beeping and ... boom ! the ringing be replace by the screamer 's shriek . in the distance , the screamer be a fireball spiraling towards the city . Alex jump on the motorcycle and pull the boy up . he crawl behind she and hug she back tightly . alex ( pull down she visor ) here go everything . she finger the throttle and the cycle roar to life . it rocket off the incline and down into the tunnel . a series of shot as Alex maneuver the cycle through a forest of concrete . it 's a harrowing ride , as she headlight reveal little of what 's up ahead . somewhere above the tunnel , the screamer have arrive . in the course of the chase , it 's shriek will become louder and louder as it draw closer , locating Alex . another cycle appear out of side tunnel and a chase be on . the rider be dress in black with glow death 's head mask . boy ( to Alex ) Dark rider ! if they touch we , we be dead ! the tunnel get narrower and narrower , as Alex keep push the limit off the bike . Rider # 1 try to cut Alex off , charge forward and ramming she bike ... Alex almost lose it , but find balance once again , sweeping leave and up the side of a circular tunnel ... rider # 1 bite it . his cycle careen into the wall and explode in a shower of GREEN light . the death 's head tumble away , spin end over end . the screamer blast over the remain of the Rider , have enter the tunnel . two more rider appear gain on Alex . Rider # 2 pull a staff from he back and thrust it forward like a lance . chink ! the staff hit Alex 's rear wheel , nearly throw she . the rider pull off a glove and reach a glow , skeletal hand towards they . death touch . the boy scream in terror . up ahead , a wall be rush to meet they . Alex jam the break and slide / skid sideways , cut right at the last possible moment ... wham !!! Rider # 2 slam into the end wall , not able to negotiate the turn . another explosion of green and the second death 's head come tumble away . Alex look back . there should be one Rider leave , only now they be three ! Alex gun the bike and cut sharply to the right ... new tunnel -- Alex screech to a stop , have find yet another fork . the tunnel branch off into two direction . two neon sign with arrow point in opposite direction . neon sign they read , " this way " and " that way " . Alex check she wrist display . not much time leave . alex which way ? boy ( point ) that way . Alex back up the cycle and head down the tunnel mark " this way " instead . alex sorry . the tunnel it narrow almost immediately . Alex hear a roar , glance behind she , and see four death 's head rider on she tail . she make another turn ... ahead , be a crumble brick wall with the word " wrong way " paint in blood-re . boy ( scream ) it 's the wrong way ! alex ( over the noise ) in this world , wrong be right ! suddenly , the tunnel behind they flare with light , shaking like a earthquake . the screamer have find they . a key hang out from the wall , sort of like the brass ring on a merry - go-round . Alex snag it as she sweep by . the screamer rocket around the corner , twist down the narrow tunnel . Alex grind the motorcycle forward for all it 's worth , and the screamer be literally breathe down she neck . she turn corner after corner , faster and faster , scraping the bike into the scum -cover wall and shoot out shower of SPARKS . if she take one second too long to negotiate a turn , pause for even a instant , the screamer will be on they ... a clawe hand lash out and tear away the cycle 's tail - pipe . another hand take out a chunk of the seat ... the boy be wailing , curling low to avoid the screamer 's claw ... ahead , the tunnel narrow to a dead -end . Alex and the screamer be on a collision course . a hundred mile a hour and gain ... the screamer lash out again , gouging a bloody gash in Alex 's shoulder and cut clear through she armor . it 's claw sink into she flesh , latching on . Alex cry out in pain , she face contort into a mask of agony and fear . she pull out a knife with she leave hand a stab blindly into the monster ... the screamer lurch forward onto the motorcycle and open its jaw wide . Black saliva and ooze flow from it 's mouth splash over Alex 's shoulder 's and neck . it 's go to bite she head off . it 's go to ... Alex and the screamer slam into the dead - end and a spectacular fireball of GREEN light consume the screen . " level nine -- the ghetto of greed " CUT to : ext . level nine , crumbling hong kong ghetto -- night we're on a dark , crowded street line by decrepit tenement which be cave in upon themselves . there be a flash of GREEN light . Alex and the boy suddenly appear on the street in a whirlwind of papers , san motorcycle , but still slide forward at a good thirty mile a hour . be it not for they armor , they would be tear to shred . they skid to a stop under a sputtering streetlight . Alex and the boy be still scream . anguish be the word for Alex . she clutches she shoulder which be gush blood and stumble to she foot . beep ! beep ! beep ! beep ! beep !!!!!! it 's she fuck wrist display again and time -is - fucking - up ! Alex scream , push to the absolute break point . boom ! once again the street begin to vibrate as the screamer enter the level . boy it 's here !!! alex ( manic ) oh God ...oh god ... the street -- impoverish people bustle back and forth everywhere . Alex grab the boy 's hand and all but drag he down the darken street . it become a mad , blind dash through Hell . she smashes into peddler , stall , trip over or knock down everything in she path ... the shriek / sonic boom of the screamer overwhelm everything else . with each level , it 's get louder and louder . wind be tear down the street ... a black-clad figure spin out of the shadow , landing in front of they . it 's a ninja , two sword spin in its hand . instinctively , Alex reach to she side , and sure enough , there 's a gun there now . she unholster it and fire in a blind panic . blam ! down go the ninja # 1 , spout blood from its chest . thwunk ! thwunk !!! two throw star imb themselves into Alex 's chest - plate ... ... and jesus-fuck - Christ , ninjas be crawl out of the wood -work ! they dive out of the shadow , weapon spin and glisten in the moonlight . throw star be fly like hail now , clinking ! into the concrete wall behind Alex and the boy ... alex shit !!! alex spin around , shoot indiscriminately into the crowd of body . blam ! blam ! blam ! ninjas fall right and leave , but in no time , twice as many move in to take they place . they be like the hornet 's nest of alien monster , black - clad shadow creep towards they . a shot hit the streetlight above , casting a sputtering , strobing light over the whole scene and add to the chaos . the world be shaking apart . it 's the end of everything . it 's flash of light and noise , nightmare and blood , chaos heape on chaos ... Alex fire she gun again and again and again ... ... and in the midst of this mess , here come the screamer again . it shoot down the street like a guide missile . Alex stumble . the Boy drag at she arm , try to pull she up ... the boy come on !!! Alex be cry , hysterical . she turn and see the screamer bear down on she , just like Nick do before she be rip to shred . the boy be yell something . Alex focus ... the boy the doorway ! it 's here !!! the boy be pull back a manhole cover . blue light issue up from below . before Alex can stop he , the boy disappear down the hole . Alex have one last chance . she throw herself at the hole even as the screamer reach she . a claw hand wrap around she leg . Alex fire into the hand . the hand be severe ! she 's fall ! falling into darkness ... " level ten -- bad brain " CUT to : ext . level ten , techno-skyscraper -- night on alex and the boy as they blink into existence on this level . Alex rise , shaking badly . her armor be batter , burnt , cover with grim and blood ... it 's impossible to tell who 's blood , though . she look like she 's just walk out of a slaughter- house . a bone-jarring humming be hear . Alex turn ... arcade' brain loom over she , all glass and black steel . it reach into the sky and keep on go . massive . tendril of crackle ENERGY race up and down it , buz . and as impossible as it may seem , this thing definitely appear to be alive . two glass door swing open in invitation . a red carpet roll out from within the building , roll by itself . emerald City time . the carpet unfurl completely , end just at Alex 's foot . above the door , a neon sign blink on , one word at a time , " this ... be ... the ... place " . Fucking -a. Alex offer a tired , near-maddened laugh . it 's all she can do anymore . the boy look up at Alex , frighten . boy we have to go in there , do not we ? Alex nod . she take he hand and together , they walk down the red carpet towards the entrance of arcade be brain . int . level ten , arcade' brain -- night Inside , the lobby be a cacophony of light and SOUND . we hear hundred of voice at once ... whisper ... fade in and out ... it 's like channel be change . a snippet of a opera here , maybe bug Bunny 's voice there ... rap music , country music , a woman in the throes of orgasm , Nazis scream " heil hitler ! " , anything and everything . sign blink on and off ... catchy phrase like , " this be my brain and welcome to it " , and " I think , therefore , i'm fucked " flash before we . t.v. monitor be everywhere , display a endless array of static . and now the monitor be display fractal . every single one of they . we hear the cellos , like a orchestra tuning up . alex throw she hand over she ear as the sound become unbearable . alex ( top of she lung ) shut up !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! she pull out she gun at fire into the sound and image . shoot the fuck out of everything . monitor screen shatter , glass fly and ... ... just like that , total silence descend . one by one , the light blink off , and it 's dark once again . int . level ten , the night room -- a spotlight come on , isolate Alex . the boy stand behind she , and everything else be dark . it 's impossible to tell how large the room be . it might go on forever . more light come on now , pin-point spot illuminate the face of she friend . they be all there ... stilt , Laurie , the other . even Nick . they sit in row , motionless ... a peanut gallery . it 's eerie as hell . and now , Alex see something else , greg . he 's encase in a block of ice . a freeze prince . and in he hand he hold a sword . the sword be very unusual . the hilt be shape like a heart and it glow red as if it have just pull from a furnace . Alex realize that the sword be arcade be heart . Alex move towards greg . as she get closer , she see a keyhole carve into the ice . Alex know what to do . she withdraw she belt on which the nine golden key be attach . removing the key , Alex begin to fit they together ...one , two , three ... until they combine to form the shape of a single , great key . the key Alex fit it into the keyhole and turn it . the case of ice split in half , open up with a cloud of frosty air . Inside , greg be freeze still , clutching the sword . Alex pull the sword out of he stiff grip , lift it up . alex ( look around ) okay . I be here , arcade . where be you ? no answer . Alex turn , eye search through the darkness . alex ( shouting ) where be you , damnit ?! her voice echoe in the cavernous room . arcade ( o.s. ) right here , bitch . Alex spin around and ... the boy stand before she . he grin and he eye pulse with a internal light . we can hear he breathing now , just like before . just like the game . alex ( stunne ) you ... you be arcade ? but the donor ... arcade / boy ... be a EIGHT - year old boy . you see , mommy used to beat I . mommy threw I down a flight of stair . then I went to sleep for a long , long time , and when I woke up , I be here , and I wasn't I anymore ... ( shiver ) ... and I fucked mommy up good ... arcade begin to change , shaking and roaring as something black and insect - like burst out of the boy 's skin . it claw at its face , rip the flesh away and revealing something altogether awful underneath . nothing could have prepare Alex for this . it / arcade rise above she and it take every ounce of she courage to keep from scream . somehow , Alex find a reserve of strength . Alex swing the sword and ... arcade smashes it aside . it clatter to the floor , useless . but that 's academic now as a gnarled hand clamp around Alex 's throat . arcade lift Alex into the air and slam she against a wall , pin she there . he thrust he face into hers . arcade you 're too late , alex . you 've always be too late . and now you time's up . you see , I need someone to retrieve my heart for I . I couldn't do it myself . that be the rule . but now that I 've got it , i'll destroy it . and i'll be free of my program , and i'll be GOD . thank - you , alex . thank - you so much . arcade slowly squeeze she throat and Alex choke , gasp for air that be not forthcoming . tear well up in she eye and she face turn red . she try to pry the bony , black finger from she throat , but she can not ... her p.o.v. as she see the face of she friend . frozen . unable to help . then the image swirl and Alex begin to lose consciousness . arcade you 're not dying yet , alex . you haven't be to the final level . level ten . arcade drop Alex to the ground , then wrap a hand into she hair and drag she across the floor ... a doorway stand in the darkness . arcade rip it open , revealing absolute emptiness beyond . it 's like a doorway into space , a hole in the fabric of reality . it suck the air into it , light ... everything . it touch some sort of primal fear . gut instinct . you do not ever want to go to this place . ever . alex ( scream ) no! no !!!!!!!!!!!!!! she twist madly , try to pull away , but arcade be too strong . he shove she through the doorway . her hand briefly latch onto the doorjamb . arcade violently kick she and she hand slip away . they slip and she tumble through . arcade slam the door shut . arcade goodbye , alex . it's be real . this word appear on the screen , " final level -- the real world " CUT to : int . manning house , hallway -- day Alex land on the hallway floor , disorient . somewhere , we can hear a clock ticking . but other than that the house be silent , in stark contrast to the storm of sound a moment ago . the house look just like the dream / flashback we see earlier . everything be white . Bright and dreamlike . hyper reality . Alex look up and ... another alex be sit in a chair nearby , back straight , hand clasped in she lap . reserved . other alex time . that 's all I ever think about anymore . it 's like there 's never enough of it , you know ? the other Alex vanish . now the chair be empty . Alex turn to look down the long hallway . at the end of the hallway be the open door . a door we have see before . the word fade in like phantom ... man ( v.o. ) so where be you then ? alex ( v.o. ) I be in the past . alex ( a whisper ) no ... oh no ... with a building sense of dread , Alex move towards that doorway . she stop at the threshold , terrify . int . manning house , bedroom -- day everything look normal at first . a typical bedroom with sunlight stream in through the window . a bed , make - up . Flowers in vase . everything look perfect . we turn with Alex . ever so slowly . over to the right and the entranceway of the bathroom . over to where she mother be ... ... seat on a chair . dress in white and radiating warmth ! alex' mom hi , honey . her mother look beautiful . eye sparkling . alive and vital . Alex can not believe what she 's see . immediately , tear come to she eye and she voice falter ... alex Mom ? ( uncomprehend ) you be alive ... alex' mother of course I be . alex but I do not understand ... alex' mother I miss you so much , Alex . I want so much to be with you ... tear be run freely down Alex 's face now . alex' mother ( continue ) I love you , Alex . I never want to leave . you know that , do not you ? alex ( nodd ) yes ...but ...how do you ... her mother look ecstatic . and now there be tear in she eye . Joy , reunion ... it 's unclear which . alex' mother Magic . we will be together again . ( beat ) I know you do not believe in a afterlife , but there be one . Heaven be real . Alex look around she . it 's all too much to take in . her mother . back in she own home . sunlight be stream in , bathing everything around she in gold and the moment be crystallize . a still - life . forever . alex be ... be that where we be ? do I die ? alex' mother not yet , honey ... her mother stand and Alex see that she be hold a gun ... no , the gun , in she hand . she raise at Alex . alex' mother ( continue ) ... but I can fix that . Alex have no time to respond . a still - bear scream be freeze in she throat . a split-second of realization . and then she mother fire the gun ... crack ! the bullet hit Alex square in the forehead , snap she head back as a be of blood and brain matter trail outward . the world spin to a stop , like a record player run down . Alex be kill instantly . her body collapse , head thumping unceremoniously against the carpete floor . her eye open and fix on infinity . no life here . seem hard to believe that there ever be . CUT to : int . level nine , the night room -- on alex' face there be no bullet - hole in she forehead , but she eye be just as lifeless . the peanut gallery row after row of freeze face . be they aware that Alex have die ? be there consciousness inside that skull ? on arcade as he crouch over Alex 's body . a smile creep across he face . arcade oh alex . so sorry . but don 't you worry , i'll bring you back in the game . maybe i'll even give you heaven . he laugh . alex' body begin to decompose in front of we , skin sink in and shriveling up . in moment , she 's just a husk . arcade rear back , and be about to turn away , when something catch he eye . he hear a tiny beeping . alex' wrist monitor remember the stylize symbol of a woman ? the one that say " free life " beneath it ? well it disappear now . there 's a sudden flash behind arcade and he spin around .. another alex be stand behind he . and she 's get the heart / sword in she hand ! alex guess what , ass-hole ? you forget about my free life !!! she dive forward , thrust the sword with all she might . it sink into arcade be chest and she push further , bury it up to the hilt . arcade let loose the most terribly scream we have ever hear . it literally shake world . the sword be glow like molten lava . the heart - shape hilt burn into the monster 's chest , spread crackle fire over he entire body . his body be immerse fire now , vibrate like mad and suddenly ... ... arcade explode in a fireball of GREEN light and ... ... he 's go . like he never exist . the sword drop to the floor , a gun -metal gray now . Alex stand there a moment , stunne , not quite willing to believe that she 's win . a neon sign above she drop down . it flash " congratulation " over and over again . " congratulation " . alex look down at herself . she feel odd . something be happen . she 's fade out , as if she be a signal be lose . her image stutter , flicker and ... CUT to : int . dante' inferno -- night Alex flash back into the real world . and then one by one , so do the other . it 's a glorious sight . each one be herald by buz static , and then a rippling in space , a image stutter in and ... pop ! pop ! pop ! one after another come flashing back in burst of light ! there be dozen . the inferno be fill with they , like a flurry of flashbulb go off . familiar face and people we have never see . benz , Laurie , stilt , deloach ... pop ! and there 's Nick ! and more , and still more ! forty , fifty ... just how many people do arcade take ? everyone be grin , cry , hugging one another . space shimmer just before Alex . someone else be try to fight they way back . it 's greg . he 's blink back into reality . alex ( cry ) greg !!! he flicker for a moment , tentative ... greg ( fade in and out ) Alex ! you do it ! ... and then he 's back for good . he wrap he arm around Alex , grab she so tight that it 's almost painful . both of they be sobbing . greg ( in between kiss ) you do it ... together , the two of they start towards the door , eager to leave this place . in group of twos and three , the other follow . ext . dante' inferno -- dawn outside , light be just beginning to creep its way back into the world . Alex glance up and can not help but notice the streetlight fade out as the sun return . she point and laugh . we begin to rise up , as Nick and the other join they . everyone be laugh now . it 's uncontrollable . this be positive . life affirm . and hell , we should probably wrap this thing up on that note . we should ... ... but we will not . we watch as a series of dissolves portray the crowd of people leave , bit by bit , until only we original group be leave . the group as they make they way down the street and away from the inferno . greg so how do you do it , Alex ? alex well , it 's a long story ... Alex catch Nick 's eye briefly , and he smile . whatever happen between they be over now . Friends again . suddenly Alex stop in she track , a look of concern wash over she face . nick what be it ? alex I just think of something . if we come back from the game ... ( turn to Nick ) ... what if arcade do too ? a beat as the group mull it over . then greg shake he head . greg Nah . you win , right ? you play by the rule . greg 's right . Alex grin and dismiss the think . alex okay . forget I ever say it . the group move away from we once more . stilt so start at the beginning ... laurie give she a chance , will you ? stilt I be give she a chance . why do not you get off my back ? greg ( annoyed ) guy ... dissolve to : int . dante' inferno -- day we be move slowly through the empty arcade , ducking around and between video machine until we reach the silent arcade prototype . suddenly , SPARKS appear on the ground nearby , chase each other around and coalesc into a ball . ENERGY crackle . something be flicker in and out at a incredible rate . buz . static . and ... wham !!! a flash of light explode outward . a form rise up from the floor , still trail tendril of smoke . it lift its head . the boy stare directly at we , eye glow like nuclear reactor . and inside that eye we see the swirl fractal . he grin , flash a mouthful of perfectly white tooth . arcade / boy kiss reality goodbye , sucker . and we ... CUT to : darkness . the end