nick of time written by ebbe roe Smith &amp ; Patrick Duncan March 1995 fade in : int . union station - day - 12:06 pm Union Station , that gorgeous fifty - year- old monument to Art Deco / California Mission architecture . still beautiful . still grand . a sign at one of the departure / arrival gate in the main concourse - say the " San diegan " , number 2 64 , be due at 12:00 . set above the gate , a big clock - six foot in diameter . the time - 12:06 . we see the big hand slam into " 7 " . a loudspeaker - you can just about understand this guy . announcer ( v.o. ) amtrack 2 64 , the San diegan , from San Diego , Del Mar ... ext . union station platform - day - 12:06 pm the " San diegan " pull into the terminal and come to a slow , grind stop . announcer ( v.o. ) ... San clemente , San Juan capistrano , and irvine be now arrive at Gate nine . Doors be open . step set down . passenger pour out . announcer ( v.o. ) amtrack 264 will be depart in fifteen minute from Gate nine for oxnard , ventura ... int . union station - day - 12:07 pm a man and a woman stand with a view of the arrival door . he 's a blue- collar tough guy , dress for church . she 's he beefy counterpart . announcer ( v.o. ) ... Santa Barbara , lompoc ... the guy ( mr. smith ) check he watch . announcer ( v.o. ) ... Santa Maria , San Luis obispo ... then he look up to the big clock . 12:07 . the minute hand slam into the " 8 " . announcer ... and point north . he reset he watch as disembarking passengers pour out of the gate . people run forward with kiss and hug . mr. smith look sharp . they stand like a couple of rock , they eye scan the crowd . ms. jone that one . mr. smith Nah . hate he wife . they be talk about a couple in they forty . she motormouth she way across the terminal and the husband follow with the suitcase . whoosh ! a couple of teenage boy on rollerblade zip by . ms. jone I hate rollerblade . ext . union station - platform - day - 12:08 pm the train .. a pretty six - year-old girl ( lynn ) , who be hold a stuff animal almost as large as she be , climb down the step . she reach the platform , look around . from within the train : gene Lynn ! Lynn !! gene watson , thirtyish , a regular Joe in appearance and inclination , appear above , carry a couple small suitcase . he take a relieved breath when he see she . gene Lynn , do not walk ahead of I , ok ? as he come down the step : gene I be serious , honey . do not get out of my sight , all right ? I want you to stay right by I . will you do that for I ? lynn nod solemnly . gene reach the platform and give out a exaggerated sigh . gene we make it . lynn nod back . lynn we make it . int . union station - day - 12:08 pm whoosh ! a security guard approach the two rollerblading teens . they circle he , toss off a few taunt and roll away , laugh . mr. smith and ms. jone continue trolling the passengers as they come through the gate . ms. jone skate- border I do not mind , even though they dress like fuckin ' idiot , but when I see some pin-head on rollerblade , I get the definite urge to grease the grill of my car with them . mr. smith keep you eye peel . ms. jone what about they ? mr. smith too old . they be talk about a couple in there sixties , warmly greeting each other . mr. jone him ! mr. smith if you ever have a idea it would die of malnutrition . first that blue hair then some spic . leave this to I . I know people . it 's my job . I be a people person . mr. smith laugh at he joke . ms. jone what the fuck be you look for ? mr. smith have spot someone . mr. smith I be look for they . ms. jone where ? mr. smith right there . he start walk towards the exit gate . int . union station - arrival concourse - day - 12:09 pm gene have emerge with lynn . they pause there , get they bearing . next to they , a young couple be kissing . they can not keep they hand off each other . gene I gotta make a phone call , Lynn . do you see a phone ? lynn have see the young couple . she secretly point to they , cover she mouth , and do a " tee , hee , hee " number . gene laugh . gene come on , you . they start walk across the concourse , towards mr . smith and ms. jone . gene ( to lynn ) have not you ever see anybody kiss like that ? lynn on tv . gene you never see you Mom and I kiss like that ? lynn suddenly get very sad . she look at the ground , slow down . gene notice . he stop , crouch down to she level . mr. smith and ms. jone , near they , split apart , move around they , and keep go . gene ( to lynn ) hey , it 's ok to talk about she . you can talk about she all you want . you know that , do not you ? lynn nod . gene so , come on . you never see we kiss like that ? lynn no way . gene how do you see we kiss ? lynn give she own hand a little peck of a kiss . gene that 's it ? that little peck of a kiss ? oh , brother , you miss some kiss . lynn laugh and throw herself on she dad . he hold she to he , look to the sky for help .. he find himself stare at the big clock . 12:10 . gene ooh , I be gonna be late . I gotta call . int . union station - day - 12:10 pm mr. smith and ms. jone be make a beeline for they target : the young kissing couple . whoosh ! the-rollerblading teens almost collide with they . ms. jone want to do something about it , but mr . smith pull she along . they have a mission to complete . they close in on the couple . mr. smith look at them . he would do anything for she . - ms. jone Young love . the couple be murmure sweet talk between kiss . the word themselves be unclear until mr . smith and ms . jone be only a few foot away . french . they be speak french . mr. smith make a instant one - eighty turn . ms. jone follow . mr. smith ( sotto voce ) foreigner ! fuck ! ms. jone frog . they copy we blue jeans and when we need they help in Kuwait , where the fuck be they ? mr. smith look at the partner he 's be saddle with . int . union station - pay phone area - day - 12:10 pm gene have find a pay phone . he keep a eye on lynn who have wander a few yard away . gene hello , be Mr. conner there ? I have a interview with he at twelve - thirty . hi , Mr. conner , this be gene Watson . sorry to call you at the last minute like this but ... hey , hey ! he react to the rollerblading teens who swoop past lynn , one on each side , too close for a father 's comfort . gene watch that ! Lynn , come here ! she do . he keep a eye on the teens , who , have find a victim , be circle around , pass mr . smith and .ms. jone . mr. smith have notice gene . gene at the phone . gene sorry . there 's some crazy kid on skate . listen , the train just get in , I be afraid I be go to be a few minute late . the teens make they pass , flip he the bird , engage in other objectionable behavior , begin to circle again . mr. smith watch gene watch the teens , then notice a sturdy , sand - fill ashtray next to he . gene great . ok , I will get there as soon as I can . bye , now . he hang up . keeping one eye on the circle teens . gene ( to lynn ) ready ? lynn nod . gene let ' 's do it . he pick up a suit- case and accidently - on- purpose use it to knock over the ashtray , just as the teens approach . the ashtray spill its load of sand into they path . when they hit it , they skate stop , they do not . they sprawl , do nasty thing to knee and wrist . gene whoops . he stand over they with lynn . gene now , see , this be why you should always wear a helmet and knee pad . you never know when you be go to fall down and go boom . right ? lynn right . angle on mr. smith and ms. jone . - 12:11 pm mr. smith perfect . he start forward . ms. jone ( not so sure ) perfect . she follow . they intercept gene . mr. smith flash a badge . mr. smith could I see some identification , sir ? gene what ? ms. jone ( ditto with the badge ) i.d. could we see some ? gene uh , sure . what 's , what 's the problem ? will a driver 's license do ? mr. smith that will do just fine . gene pull out he wallet , surprised and confuse . mr. smith look at it . gene be this about that kid ? look , I be sorry about that . but they darn near ... mr. smith you be from Santa Maria , Mr. Watson ? gene yes . ms. jone where 's that ? gene near lompoc , north . what 's ... mr. smith come with we , sir . gene I would like to know what ... mr . " smith do not cause a ruckus , sir . he pull open he coat , put he hand on he hip , not - so coincidentally revealing the butt of a holster gun . mr. smith you do not want to cause a ruckus , with the little girl and all . ms. jone come with I , honey . ms. jone swoops lynn up and head for the station entrance . gene hey ! I will take the girl . I will take the girl ! mr. smith do not worry . she 's good with kid . gene hurry after ms . jone . mr. smith grab up the suitcase . int . union station - souvenir shop - day - 12:11 pm ms. jone near a souvenir stand . the owner be look the other way . without break stride , ms . jone reach out , snatch a child 's coloring book and crayon . lynn you steal that . ms. jone no , I do not . I confiscate it . there 's a difference . and they be out the door , gene hurry after . the big hand on the big clock move . 12:12 . ext . union station parking lot - day - 12:12 pm ms. jone head for -a van with smoke window . she get inside with lynn . gene stop a few foot away . gene what be go on ? mr. smith prod he in the rib . mr. smith into the van , Mr. Watson . Front seat . gene look desperately around for help . there be none . he let mr. smith push he toward the van . int . van -.day - 12:13 pm lynn and ms . jone be in the back . ms. jone let 's get you seatbelt on . always gotta wear you seatbelt , be not that right ? lynn resist . lynn I want my daddy . gene climb into the front passenger seat . ms. jone there 's you daddy . see ? we be you daddy 's friend . mr. smith climb into the driver 's seat . mr. smith that 's right . the policeman be you friend . be not that right , daddy ? gene look down . mr .. smith have pull he gun . he point it casually so it 's aim through the seat in the general direction of the little girl . mr. smith daddy ? gene yes . it 's ok , Lynn . this be we friend . ms. jone hey , would you look at this crazy car ? everybody have they own radio . what do you think of that ? lynn everybody do ? ms. jone yep . and you can listen to it without anybody else listen . let 's try it out . she put some ear phone on she . she hold up the plug - in end . ms. jone this be what they call the jack . hi , Jack ! lynn laugh . ms. jone it go in that little hole . lynn let I do it . she plug the jack in . ms. jone turn on the radio . lynn get a big smile on she face . lynn ( loudly ) it 's loud ! she go to work , play with the radio , change station , etc. , oblivious to all else . ms jone remove a pro label Machine from under the seat . she begin to type in several character . mr. smith let 's get down to business . gene who be you ? you be not the police . ms. jone brilliant . ms jone press print on the labeller . a strip of plastic emerge that she begin to apply to a name tag . he look back to she . mr. smith whacks he on the knee with the gun . it hurt . mr. smith pay attention , Mr. Watson . pay attention and you daughter will not be hurt . gene you would not ... ms. jone try we . he look back . she be caress lynn 's hair . gene get you hand off she . he make a move . mr. smith whacks he knee again , harder . mr. smith Mr. Watson , you be not pay attention . you daughter 's life depend on you . do you understand that ? gene look from mr . smith to ms. jone and back . he 's have a hard time focuss . she slip the nametag into a manila envelope beside she mr . smith do you understand ? gene yes , yes , I understand . mr. smith good . he take the manila envelope from ms jone , toss it in gene's lap . mr. smith this be for you . in it there be a picture of a woman and a itinerary . it be she itinerary . she be presently - be you listen , Mr. Watson ? gene yes , I be listen . mr. smith she be presently at the bonaventure Hotel . that 's right near here . he gesture . gene look . the glassy bonaventure Hotel be glimpse surround by taller , new high -rise . mr. smith when you leave this van you will get yourself a cab and take it to the bonaventure Hotel . then you will take this . mr. smith hold up he hand , snap he finger . from the back , ms . jone hand he a cloth - wrap bundle . he put it in gene 's hand , show he what it be : a gun . mr. smith ... and you will kill the woman whose picture be in there . not just shoot she , mind , ! kill she . I would recommend you empty the gun into she . Close up . get all that ? it take a moment for it all to sink into gene's brain . gene you be out of you mind . mr. smith what 's you point ? gene I will do no such thing . mr. smith yes , you will , Mr. Watson . a " snap ! " from the back seat . gene look . ms. jone have break a carrot stick . she break another . ms. jone do not worry . we will take good care of the kid . she give half the carrot stick to lynn , pop the other half in she mouth and grind it to pulp . mr. smith be check he watch . mr. smith it be now 12:16 . if the woman in the picture be alive at 1:30 ... ( hold up a walkie - talkie ) ... I call my partner , you daughter be dead . he look in the rear-view mirror to ms . jone . mr. smith and what happen if I do not call you ? ms. jone I kill she anyway . mr. smith do you hear that , Mr. Watson ? do you understand ? he tap the manila envelope . mr. smith the woman in the picture ... he indicate the back seat with he head . mr. smith ... or you daughter . gene look at he daughter . gene oh , my God ... mr. smith reach over , put the gun and manila envelope into gene's pocket . mr. smith God can not help she , Mr. Watson . only you can help she . ms. jone only you . mr. smith you be waste time . he reach across gene , open the door and push he out , then follow he . lynn take off the ear-phone , try to undo she seatbelt . lynn where be my daddy go ? ms. jone wrap a big arm around she . ms. jone he 's go to help the police . you daddy be go to be a hero . lynn my daddy be go to be a hero ? like power ranger ? ms. jone just like power ranger . ext . union station parking ' lot - day - 12:18 pm mr. smith activate the walkie-talkie , speak into it . mr. smith let 's test this thing . you on ? he hold it up for gene to hear . ms. jone ( o.s. ) ( filter ) reading you . mr. smith still have gene's wallet . he open it , pull out some cash , put it in gene 's breast pocket . mr. smith you '11 need some cash . ( be : the wallet ) I will hang onto this for the time be . oh , and ... he grab one of gene 's hand . mr. smith you will need this . he dump six bullet 's into gene 's palm from a cloth chiva regal bag . mr. smith get move , Mr. Watson . time 's a wastin' . gene just stand there , transfix by the bullet in he hand . mr. smith reach out , turn he around and give he a shove away from the van and into the midst of ... ext . union station - parking lot - bus stop - day - 12:19 pm ...a large crowd of tourist , that have just exite a arrive mini-bus . gene be catch up in the crowd and carry along like a leaf in a stream . amid the chatter crowd , gene be push along as if in a trance . he touch the pocket with the gun . he look at the bullet in he hand , then at the people around he . it 's like a splash of cold water . he quickly pocket the bullet , turn and push against the tide of tourist . they resist he , push he along until he break free and can see ... the van be go ! angle on gene -- 12:19 pm he stand there , a lose man . fear sweep over he . he look desperately around . he be within himself , oblivious to he surroundings , he mind racing , he face a tangle of emotion . he be a man alone in a crowd . he take a step . a little latino girl , chase by her brother , run into gene's leg . he instinctively grab she before she can fall , find himself , crouch down , hold she by the arm . his heart plunge - she be not Lynn . his intensity scare she . little girl mama ! she pull away , flee to her mother , who hoist she up , reprimand she in Spanish . gene stay crouch , watch the little girl stare at he over her mother be shoulder . until a cop cross he line of sight . a los angele transit policeman , foot - patrol the station . it 's like a gift from above . relief flood gene 's face . he be save . he stand , hurry toward the cop , each step more confident . then , just beyond the cop , mr . smith casually slide into view , pointedly hold the walkie-talkie . gene walk right past the cop head towards a cab stand . mr. smith fall in behind he speak in he ear . mr. smith you talk to a cop , you even look at a cop too long and you daughter be dead . ( into walkie- talkie ) do it . ms. jone ( o.s. ) ( filter ) go ahead , sugar die . lynn ( v.o. ) ( filter ) Lynn call daddy . Lynn call daddy . come in , daddy . gene grab at the walkie-talkie like a drown man . gene Lynn ! lynn ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I can hear you good . can you hear I ? gene yes . yes , I can hear you . mr. smith that 's enough . ms. jone ( v.o. ) ( filter ) ' daddy have to go now . lynn ( filter ) he have to say " over and out " . daddy , you have to say " over and out " . gene over and out . mr. smith click off the walkie-talkie . mr. smith look at you watch . look at it ! at one - thirty you little girl be dead . say it with I . at one - thirty my little girl be dead . say it . say it ! gene ( softly ) at one thirty my little girl be dead . mr. smith unless you do what you be tell . go do it ! he push gene on , toward a cab . mr. smith and do not forget I will be watch you . gene look back at he , full of impotent rage . mr. smith raise the walkie-talkie . gene reach the first cab at the stand . ext . union station - cab stand - day - 12:21 pm the cabbie , talk to another driver , throw away he cigarette , amble over to the driverside - of the cab . cabbie where to , sir ? gene the bonaventure . the bonaventure Hotel . do you know where that be ? the cabbie be disappointed , but he nod and gene get into the cab . int . cab - day - 12:21 pm the cabbie get in and they take off . gene stare at the manila envelope in he hand . he start to open it , be stop by : cabbie amtrack ? gene what ? cabbie you just come in on amtrack ? gene uh , yes .. cabbie Business or pleasure ? gene Business . cabbie where would you come from ? gene San Diego . cabbie oh , San Diego ? I have think about move to San Diego . it 's hard to make a live in this town . this short hop . can not make a dime on them . to lax , pasadena , then I can make a buck . this little hop cost I money . gene sorry . cabbie ' S okay . what do you think ? gene huh ? cabbie better in San Diego ? more opportunity there ? what ? gene I really do not know . I do not live there . I be just visit ... a grave . cabbie aw , too bad . they lapse into silence . gene start to open the envelope again . cabbie somebody close ? gene what ? cabbie the grave . somebody close ? gene wife . ex -wife . almost ex . we be separate . she be think about a divorce . gene notice the dashboard clock - 12:22 gene lean forward . gene look ... I have ... I have get a problem . a big problem ... cabbie oh , yeah ? he hit the horn and swerve to the leave . cabbie Jesus ! watch it , buddy ! ext . los angele STREET - day - 12:22 pm gene look out he window and find himself stare at mr . smith , stare back at he , drive the van , next to he . he throw himself back in the seat . int . cab - day - 12:22 pm the cab pull into the drive front of the bonaventure Hotel and stop . cabbie I would love to hear about you problem , but the ride 's over . Three -fifty . gene look out the back window , watch the van pull up to the curb on the other side of the street . cabbie Three -fifty . I hope you problem do not have anything to do with my three - fifty . gene look back at the cabbie , wait for he fare . gene right . right . gene dig through he pocket and come up with one of he business card . he hurriedly write on it : " help . van kidnap child . " he wrap a five around it , push it into the cabbie be hand , give he a meaningful look and get out of the cab . ext . bonaventure HOTEL - day - 12:23 pm gene stop a few yard from the cab , watch the cabbie . int . cab - day - 12:23 pm the cabbie find the secrete card , but look at the wrong side . cabbie what do I want with a accountant ? a doorman lean down at the window . doorman I get one for the airport . you free ? cabbie you bet . the doorman plant a passenger in the cab . as he pull away , the cabbie again glance at the business card , crumple it up . ext . bonaventure HOTEL - day - 12:23 pm gene watch the cab leave . as it exit , the cabbie 's arm snake out and toss the card in the trash . gene know what it be . he look around . valet , bellmen , arrival and departee , car come and go . no one pay particular attention to he . gene look at the van across the street . mr. smith get out and walk across the street towards he . the van drive away . gene watch the van disappear around the corner , desperately hang onto the last glimpse of it . mr. smith take the walkie-talkie out of he pocket . gene go into the hotel . int . bonaventure HOTEL - lobby - day - 12:24 pm gene enter . it 's like another world . a busy , hum , air - condition planet . people hustle around the restaurant , waterfall - a definite ant farm ambiance . high down angle on gene - lobby - day - 12:24 pm suddenly we have cut to a video image of gene look around this Hotel , complete with scrolling time and date . shot by someone high above . close on gene - lobby - day - 12:24 pm gene be bump and buffete about by the bustling crowd . he break free to a clear spot , look up and freeze . then he start tracking all around he , see ... something . gene oh , my God . oh , no . he desperately fumble in he pocket . facing and above he , some workmen on ladder be secure a huge , roll up banner . gene find what he 's look for - the manila envelope . he rip it open . as he pull out the photograph that be inside , the workmen let they banner unfurl . we do a simultaneous reveal . the woman in the photograph in the envelope be the same as depict on the banner . written across the bottom of it in you best red , white , and blue : " re-elect eleanor samara grant governor " and a addendum : " here today ! " gene oh , shit . it dawns on he . he look around he again . this time we see what he see . campaign poster and banner everywhere . on some of they she be pose with a handsome man , several year she junior . this have the caption , " Governor grant and husband Brendan " . gene oh , sweet Jesus ... his eye fall on mr . smith , stand inside the entrance , walkie-talkie in hand , watch he . gene look at a poster , at mr . smith , who smile , nod and give gene a move of the head - " get to it . " gene shove the photograph away as if it could incriminate he , then slide out the itinerary . the itinerary say " California educator ' Association - 12:00 noon - emerald Bay room - open address - Governor Eleanor samara grant " . gene check he watch . 12:26 . he look around he at the confusion and spot a bellboy , gustino , who 's clean out ashtray . gene could you tell I where the emerald Bay room be ? gustino point up . gustino third floor . yellow stairwell . follow the sign . gene turn away without a word , start to walk , then turn back . gene oh , thanks . thanks a lot . gustino smile . gustino no problem . int . bonaventure HOTEL - " yellow stairwell " - day - 12:26 pm gene mount a set of stair that will take he to the third floor . mr. smith follow he as he climb . int . " yellow stairwell " - day - 12:2 6 pm the whole lobby and entrance of the hotel be see as gene ascend . gene force himself not to look at mr . smith behind he . his nerve be rise in anticipation of he destination . int . third floor - day - 12:26 pm gene see the arrow and sign for the emerald Bay room . he walk that way . mr. smith follow . int . third floor - shop arcade area - day - 12:27 pm gene and mr. smith pass gift shop , snack bar . the walkway be crowded and gene be go against the tide of reporter , politician , supporter , and just a lot of people with name tag . gene plow on through ... ... and run smack into brendan grant . brendan grant ( laugh ) whoops ! the two man reel back from each other . a security man , earphone and gray suit , step immediately between they . brendan grant be a charmingly smooth man . brendan grant Nice body check . he continue on , talk to a attractive wcman companion . brendan grant what the Governor really admire , Mrs. wentzel , and Eleanor have say this to I on more than one occasion , be pecple like you who take a personal tragedy and turn it into a positive force . he slide a familiar hand around she waist . brendan grant you know my wife have a deeply personal reason for go after repeat drunk driver . they be felon and they should be treat as such . a driver license be a privilege , not a right . and he be hustle away . right past a election poster feature he and Governor grant . still stunne by the encounter , gene turn back and watch the Governor 's husband , but keep walk . int . emerald BAY room - day - 12:28 pm it be empty , that 's where the crowd come from . gene come in . a woman be head for the door with a centerpiece she 's just cop . gene Excuse I , be the ... thing over ? woman yes . you do not miss much . the food ... chicken again . gene Eleanor grant be go ? woman yes . Nice speech . but it 's the same at all this ... but gene have turn away . the woman give he a face , grab another centerpiece and exit . a clean -up crew be start to go through the room . gene lean against a wall , breathe through a combination of relief and agony . mr. smith be suddenly next to he . mr. smith check you itinerary . move along . gene get out the itinerary . " 12:30 - 12:45 - hor d'oeuvre / Buffet with / Friends of Eleanor samara grant - invitation only - bona vista Lounge " . gene this say " invitation only " . mr. smith of course you be invite . you be a big donor to the campaign . they love you . mr smith dig into the manila envelope , come out with a handful of security badge , name tag , invite . he pluck the name tag that ms jone print earlier . it have a red ribbon signify a Major donor to the campaign . he fasten it to gene 's lapel . mr. smith this ' 11 get you in anywhere . Red Elevator . thirty -fifth floor . gene where do you get this ? who be you ? mr. smith I be the guy who 's go to kill you daughter if you do not get move . int . lobby entrance to the " red " elevator - day - 12:28 pm gene approach . he notice a flurry of movement , a small group of people move determinedly through the lobby . it be governor eleanor grant with a small entourage ! she be a handsome woman in she fifty . the entourage consist of krista brooks , Eleanor 's , late-twenty assistant , a few assort political aide and a couple of people with name tag . gene be not sure what to do . the group reach the elevator . krista push the button . eleanor grant they -did not hear a word I say . the mike be too low on the podium . krista how much do we pay for that room ? chief aide we do not . eleanor grant somebody do . krista turn to a aide . krist a have nolin pre-check the PA system . the elevator door open . they crowd in . the door start to close . gene look around , where do Mr. Smith go ? gene spring forward , thrust he hand between they . the door stop , then bounce open . gene be startle , find himself face to face with a cold eye bodyguard . bodyguard Excuse I , sir , this car be for the Governor . you can take the next one . eleanor grant do not you dare , franco . this be one of we biggest supporter . she smile charmingly , offer she hand to gene . eleanor grant Eleanor grant , gubernatorial incumbent . that 's a mouthful be not - it ? I love say that . gene step aboard , shake she hand . int . " red elevator " - day - 12:29 pm the elevator begin to rise . eleanor grant whose idea be it to have a lunch right after the brunch ? I be about to bust as it be . krista we will just walk through , do a little grip-and - grin , then get ready for the press con . insert floor indicator we be on the third floor . the door have close and the elevator begin to rise . gene Governor ... it come out a little louder then he intend . he have turn , he back to the door . everyone look at he . he 's commit . gene I need you help . eleanor grant what can I do for you mr.... Watson ? gene its '...ah ... about my daughter .... the elevator slow and stop on the next floor above . insert floor indicator we be on the fourth floor . behind gene , the door open . mr. smith ( o.s. ) room for one more ? gene freeze . eleanor grant I think we can accommodate you . she offer she hand to mr . smith as he step on board . eleanor grant Eleanor grant , gubernatorial incumbent . mr. smith a pleasure to meet you , Governor . the car begin to rise again . eleanor .grant turn back to gene . eleanor grant you be say ? you daughter ....? gene I ... eleanor grant yes ? angle on mr smith yes ??? angle on gene what to do now ? gene she ..ahh ... want I to ... be sure to get you autograph . eleanor grant of course . I wish everything be that easy . krista I have get the pen if you have get the paper . gene look at she . she smile back . krista how about that ? he look at what she refer to : the manila envelope he hold , the one mr . smith give he . krista be that something precious ? gene no , that 's , .. that 's fine he give it to eleanor grant . krista hand over the pen . gene 's eye flick over to mr . smith who be stare at the envelope . eleanor grant what 's she name ? gene look at the Governor , only inch away , back to mr . smith , who raise he eye , nod , he silent message curt - do it ! gene pull he eye away . gene her name ? her name be Lynn . eleanor grant write the autograph . mr. smith be eye drill into he . gene look over . mr. smith raise a hand to he face , pretend to scratch a itch . his other hand tap he wristwatch . gene 's hand slide toward he jacket pocket . sweat bead on he forehead . he 's barely aware of krista talk to he . krista it 's funny . I do not even keep a pad of paper with I anymore , everything 's go so electronic . he give she a quick , weak smile . his free hand wipe the sweat from he face . krista if it be not for double a battery I would be in big trouble . he be slowly reach into the pocket with the gun , but stop when he notice mr . smith be hand slide into he jacket , where he gun be . he look at the other mr . smith , earphone , crewcut - Security . there be the hint of a gun on he hip . gene 's eye widen , dart to mr . smith be face , he hand slide into he coat . his hand hover over he gun , tremble . be the security man stare at he ? eleanor grant hand over the autograph . eleanor grant be you all right ? elevator make I queasy , too . gene give she a sick smile , abruptly turn away . he take he hand out of he pocket . it 's shaking . he clenches it to stop the shake . the door open , startling he . int . thirty - fifth floor - day - 12:2 9 pm eleanor grant and she entourage exit to greeting and applause . gene stay in the elevator , freeze , alone with mr . smith . the door close and the elevator descend . int . " red elevator " - day - 12:29 pm mr. smith be fume , he face red . he explode . mr. smith she be right in front of you ! what 's wrong with you !? his fist clench . he seem about to lose control . he back gene into a corner , physically terrify . mr. smith be you ' fuck with I !? gene the gun ... mr. smith what about the gun ? gene it be not load . I do not put the bullet in it . mr. smith you ... he raise a fist . struggle with the impulse to smash gene , control it . angrily , he take the gun from gene 's pocket , expertly load it with bullet from he own pocket . mr. smith you will not get many chance like that , Mr. Watson . that 's the way life work . do not blow the next one . he indicate the glass , wall of the elevator with he eye . gene look out and down . gene's Pov the van . it 's move into a parking spot across from the bonaventure , on flower Street . int . the van - day - 12:29 pm lynn be coloring a picture in she steal book . ms. jone take a look . ms. jone that 's pretty good . lynn I have do much better one than this . ms. jone you have , huh ? lynn oh , yes . I will show you . I have much more color at home . ms. jone that 's good . ( check she watch ) that 's good , sweetie pie . int . red elevator - day - 12:29 pm the elevator continue its descent and the van disappear from view . gene strain to see it again , but it 's impossible . mr. smith jam the load gun into gene 's pocket . mr. smith there , all load . ready for the hunt . the elevator , door open into the lobby . int . bonaventure HOTEL - third floor - yellow elevator lobby - day - 12:29 pm mr. smith walk out . gene follow . mr. smith , suddenly become self - conscious , walk away from gene . the object of he shyness : a japanese tourist couple nearby . the man be taping he wife with a video camera . view through video camera - 12:31 pm we see what the camera be see , the wife , smile . behind she , we see gene , look confusedly after Mr. Smith . he turn , walk out of frame . in the corner of the picture , a read - out of the time : 12:31:00 . int . bonaventure HOTEL - shoeshine stand - day - 12:31 pm back in real life , gene walk toward a shoeshine stand outside the Men 's room . " huey 's Polished Act " and below that , hand - lettere , " disabled veteran " where huey himself , a fiftyish black man , read a " smithsonian " magazine . he see gene and perk up - a customer . huey have a rough day ? down at the heel as they ...? but gene go right past huey and into the Men 's room . huey ( call after he ) you do not see you face , you do not pay ! huey give up , go back to he magazine . int . men' room . - day - 12:31 pm gene go - over to one of the sink , run the cold water , splashes he face , look in the mirror , into he own eye . he try to find a answer , a way out . a pay phone , on the wall behind he , come into focus . then a hand reach in , grab the receiver ... and yank it , snap the wire . gene spin around . it be mr. smith , of course . mr. smith smile . gene do not . mr. smith leave . int . bonaventure HOTEL - third floor - day gene exit the Men 's room and walk back the route he come . int . bonaventure HOTEL - shoeshine stand - day - 12:32 pm huey set down he magazine again . huey have a rough day ? down at the heel as they say ? what you need be a shoe shine , shoe shine , shoe shine today . it 's huey 's usual patter , he 's say it a thousand time . gene look around . mr. smith be in the lounge area , face the flower Street entrance , able to keep the Men 's room and gene in view . huey take ten , take a break , take a seat , take a load off . put the world in perspective . gene let huey usher he into a chair . the gun in he jacket pocket clunk against the arm of the chair . a grim reminder . he pull out the itinerary . ecu - itinerary 12:45 - Governor Eleanor samara grant - Pacific rim multi-cultural Conference - Pool deck - fourth floor gene look at he watch . ecu watch 12:32 . the minute hand click to 12:33 as he watch . angle on huey - 12:33 pm he work away at gene 's shoe . huey so , be you a visitor or lucky enough to live in the City of angel ? it 's more of huey 's patter , no real substance to the inquiry . gene I be ... I be visit . gene watch mr . smith frown and amble toward the shoeshine stand . huey what do you do , if I may be so bold ? gene ( look at mr. smith ) I be just a accountant . huey do not denigrate yourself , my friend . where would the government be without accountant ? they would not know how hard they can squeeze we before we pop , be not that right ? angle on mr. smith - 12:33 pm he take note of the conversation and wander back to he chair . angle on huey - 12:33 pm huey now you take tip . time be a tip be between a man and he customer . not any more . they have figure out what they call a formulae , do not laugh , it be not for baby . they take you sale , see , and slap a percentile on there , figure that somewhere between you lie and you bad luck they will hit on the mean amount , mean meaning " in the middle " , but if you ask I it mean " just plain mean " . why you can have uncle scrooge wring a nickel over you poor out - stretch palm , or daddy warbuck drop pearl stick -pin like manna from heaven , do not make no difference , they will tax you behind accord to that same figure . do not seem quite right . , do it ? gene no . no , it do not . the bellboy gustino walk by , call out to huey . gustino hey , huey , how 's it hangin ' ? huey it 's a load , my friend , but somebody 's get to carry it . gustino laugh , wave . gene I have to do something . huey what 's that ? you have to speak up . ( tap he ear ) I be a little deaf in this ear . between that and my wooden leg I be a mess . compliment of the United States Army artillery Corps . gene I say I have to do something . huey I will have you out of here in two shake o'f a lamb 's tail . gene be within himself . gene I keep wonder what she would do if she be here . she would figure it out . she would run it down like a column of number . pro 's and con . that 's the way she be : list all over the house . huey 's manic shoe -shine slow down : who have he get in he chair ? gene drive I crazy . there must have be one on I . I do not add up so she leave . that 's what attract I to she in the first place . she make up she mind and she do it . she would not sit around wait for ... whatever . she would do something . she would do something . huey keep he eye on he work . he 's afraid he 's get a live one . huey yes , well , you know , for a quality shoe you can not beat a good wingtip . wear like iron . you be a wise man . there ya ' go . two buck . huey gesture for gene to get down . gene step to the floor . he pay huey with a twenty . huey you get anything smaller ? gene keep it . huey it 's a twenty . gene keep it . gene be think about something . huey well ... thanks muchly ... gene look around the lobby , at mr . smith , the flower Street entrance , the rest of the area , feel the gun in he pocket . gene can I get out to flower Street from here ? huey sure . go down past the bar . take you right out there . huey nod toward the bar . gene thanks . gene walk toward the bar . huey shake he head : time for the boy in white . int . bonaventure HOTEL - lobby - day - 12:35 pm gene look towards the flower Street entrance . the van be still there . a bus pull up . gene walk past mr. smith . mr. smith you get another chance in ten minute . gene then I have time for a drink . he head up to the bar . mr. smith all right , Mr. Watson , but make it just one . I do not want you ... but gene be long go . int . HOTEL bar area - day - 12:3 6 pm gene walk into the area of the bar . the bartender be just return to chat with a customer , a reporter who be get sloshed . gene move slowly along the bar , into a area where mr . smith be view of he be block . reporter so where be I ? bartender I do not know . something about the Governor 's new regime . gene hear this and glance towards they . reporter oh yeah . she 's dump the good Old boy like yesterday 's newspaper . gene see that mr.smith can no longer see he . he scan the lobby , see a smaller door that lead onto flower Street . reporter the white boy be in for it . when they get she elect they never think she be gonna make the Governor 's office look like the United Nations . the bartender laugh . gene quickly cut across the lobby and out the smaller door onto flower Street . reporter we be talk custer 's last stand here . the only minority not on she staff be the one still lose in the rain Forest . ext . flower STREET - day - 12:3 6 pm gene come out the door , dash across the street , weaving through the traffic . once across , he head up the sidewalk toward the van , keep low , sneaking up behind it . he crouch by the front door , one hand slide into he pocket for the ' gun , the other - on the door handle . he raise he head cautiously and look inside the cab . no ms. jone up front at least . he take a breath , brace himself . with one motion he jerk the back door open , yank out the gun . int . van - day - 12:37 pm the first thing he see , fixate on , be lynn . she be stretch out on the seat , eye close , mouth open . she appear dead . gene ( a gasp ) Lynn ! ms. jone ( o.s. ) shhh . you will wake the baby up . ms. jone be sit on the seat behind the one lynn be on . gene point the gun at she face . she smile . ms. jone ( softly ) what we have here be what they call a mexican standoff . the thing you gotta ask yourself be , " what 's behind the seat ? " now , a twenty - two would go right through it , but even a button will throw a twenty - two off so there 's a good chance it would get screw up somewhere along the way , miss the target . maybe a thirty - eight ? a thirty -eight ' 11 drill pretty straight , unless it hit metal , then it will bust up in little bitty piece . they will keep go but they will be slowed down quite a bit . how 's about a three - fifty -seven ? it will go through the seat , she , you , the dashboard , shit , it will go through the engine block before it know it 's hit anything , end up in some pedestrian three block away . what do you think ? what 's my poison ? gene look at Lynn 's sleep face - the gun in he own hand . he lower the gun , defeat . ms. jone well it 's a comfort to know you have get the co - Jones to pull that thing out . whether you have get the ball to pull the trigger we have still get to see . ext . flower STREET - day gene climb out of the van , shut the door , lean there . the gall of he defeat be hard to swallow . he realize he 's hold the gun , hurriedly tuck it away . int . the van - day - 12:38 pm ms. jone put she gun down , raise a walkie-talkie . ms. jone ( into the walkie- talkie ) he 's come back in . mr. smith ( filter ) I have get he in the crosshair . int . buffet area - day - 12:38 pm mr. smith near the entrance , eat some food . he watch gene walk past he . they eye meet . int . bonaventure HOTEL - lobby - day - 12:39 pm gene look at he watch , then check the itinerary once more . ecu - itinerary 12:45 - Governor Eleanor samara grant - Pacific Kim multi - cultural Conference - Pool deck - fourth floor angle on gene - near buffet area - 12:39 pm gene address another bellboy , hector who be move luggage out to the street . gene Pool deck ? hector fourth floor . take that escalator . gene thanks he and move across the lobby mr . smith follow gene int . bonaventure HOTEL - bar area - day - 12:39 pm gene head toward the escalator . ahead of he , he see eleanor grant and brendan grant surround by aide and security men face a crowd of PRESS people . the Governor and she husband have a arm around each other . they be smile , relaxed , quite the " happy couple . they give each other a warm kiss . camera flash , recording the moment . gene , head toward they , have to thread he way through a large wedding party - tuxedo and bridesmay gowns . when he clear they he have near the impromptu press conference . angle on brendan grant - 12:3 9 pm he be now alone in front of a campaign poster , field question from a few remain reporter . farther on , eleanor grant and she entourage can be see take the escalator up . gene head that way , pass brendan grant . brendan grant my wife be not interested in negative campaigning . she want to accentuate the positive . I do not know about you but I find that refresh . a reporter have you ever think of run for office yourself ? brendan grant ( smile , charmingly ) me? a pretty young woman walk by . the Governor 's husband 's eye follow she appreciatively as he say : brendan grant I be just a business man . angle on gene - 12:40 pm he near the escalator . it 's crowded and gene be pull into the midst of news people , tv , radio , PRESS . he join the flow and let it pull he along . gene ride the escalator to the second floor and follow the crowd up two flight of the circular stair . down a short tunnel and out onto the Pool deck . ext . bonaventure HOTEL - pool , deck - high angle - 12:41 pm about a acre of grass on the fourth floor . skyway connect the Pool deck to the office building across flower and figueroa . a platform have be set up with chair and microphone in front of a podium . ext . pool deck - close angle on gene - 12:41 pm gene blink in the sudden , bright sunshine . when he eye adjust , he find himself in a line that be approach a security man with a hand -held metal detector . he panic , turn , try to escape , but find himself bump along , trap . the line shuffles forward . he turn , determine to make a supreme effort to escape and find himself face a 2 nd security man , who wave he to one side . 2 nd security man Excuse I , sir , you do not have to wait . I can take you over here . gene be drag forward . he look around ; no way out . he stand , expectant , as the detector slide down one side of he body , be lift over to the other . down it slide , toward the pocket conceal the gun . gene wait for the alarm - which do not come . the security man operate the gizmo deftly switch it off as it pass the weapon . gene be push on , look back , confuse , alarmed , find himself among : PRESS by the dozen . Eleanor samara grant supporter by the hundred . security men and cop in uniform . gene move through they , try to figure out what just happen . he glance back to the 2 nd security man , and bump into one particular police officer , plain clothes , badge in pocket , who react with a quick laugh . police officer easy , sir . get to watch where you be go in a crowd like this . he be a handsome , solid-look guy . you would trust he . call he officer trust . officer trust seem to be in charge . he move off through the crowd , give local police order in a easy way . gene look around . he can not see mr. smith . he edge he way after officer trust , who reach the wall beyond which be the drop to the street . he lean there comfortably , scan the crowd , gene reach the wall a few yard away from he . he look out at the city , get he courage up . just as he turn to approach officer trust : mr. smith ( o.s. ) I know what you be think . gene freeze ! mr. smith appear from the crowd , join he . he smugly flip he walkie-talkie into the air , catch it . gene what would you do in my place ? mr. smith I ? he flip the walkie-talkie , catch it . mr. smith the bitch would be dead . course I be not sayin ' which bitch . he flip the walkie-talkie . gene lash out , smack the walkie- talkie . it sail over the edge , fall and smashes onto the sidewalk four storey below . mr. smith go ballistic . gene walk away from he - right up to officer trust . gene there 's a plot to kill the Governor . if you do not believe I , check that guy right there . he have a gun . officer trust look at mr . smith and then at gene . officer trust so do you , Mr. Watson . and officer trust reach in he hip pocket for a spare walkie- talkie that he toss to mr. smith . officer trust you get this under control ? mr. smith yeah . officer trust it do not look like it . mr. smith it 's under control . officer trust it better be . officer trust walk away . mr. smith stare at a devastate gene . he stick the walkie- talkie into he pocket , grab gene under the arm , drag he to a isolate corner . mr. smith I oughta throw you after that walkie- talkie but I be go to give you a break because you be a amateur . waiter m ( o.s. ) gentlemen ... the waiter offer a tray of hor d'houvre . mr. smith yeah , thanks . have a cracker . gene shake he head . mr. smith have a cracker , Mr. Watson . gene woodenly take one . the waiter move on . mr. smith there be this guy . Big guy . irish - italian . red-faced , black -haire , jolly son-of - a-bitch . we see they from a distance - just a couple guy chat . mr. smith nobody could make I laugh like he . we close more bar together than I can count . he be my pal . I love that crazy mick , I be not ashamed to say it . but he be fuck -up . he have this image of himself . think he be con man . always try to shave the edge . nickel and dime . I will always miss he . tell I why . gene what ...? mr. smith tell I why I miss he . gene he 's dead ? mr. smith that 's right . he 's dead . tell I why . gene how should I ...? mr. smith tell I why he 's dead . gene stare at he for a beat . gene you kill he . mr. smith that 's right , I kill he . he fuck up one too many time so I put a bullet in he eye . then I put two more into he just to make sure . now that be somebody I love . he move in on gene , crowd he . he breathes hard , look like one insane piece of work . mr. smith I love that motherfucker but I get the call and I put he down like a sick animal . so if you have get any doubt about what 's go to happen if you do not deliver let I tell you something . I would make gravy out of you little girl just to season that black irish cocksucker 's meat . a wave of applause catch they attention . angle on eleanor grant she and she entourage enter the Pool deck and walk toward the platform . eleanor grant gladhand people on the way . angle on mr. smith - 12:45 pm he turn ' back to gene . mr. smith do what you be suppose to do . do it now . he grab gene and give he a push . there be a general movement in the crowd toward the platform . gene be buffete along . mr. smith follow he , keep he in sight , but then a pack of photographer move in , start snap , lift they camera high to shoot over the crowd . mr. smith instinctively turn away , hide he face . he move around the photog and find himself separate from gene by the mob . he search , try to spot he . mr. smith shit ! angle on gene - 12:4 6 pm in the crowd , gene be bump this way and that . his face display a inner devastation . his eye focus desperately on something ahead : it be the back of eleanor grant be head . she be turn this way and that , greeting supporter . gene 's hand slide into he pocket , grip the gun . he be at the end of he rope . he be go to do it . angle on rostrum a local politico mount the platform , tap the microphone . local politico can I have you attention please ! please welcome a man who be for 19 year the distinguished Mayor of Los Angeles . the honorable Tom Bradley . the crowd react loudly , yell and whistle . gene - push he way forward . tom BRADLEY it be my extreme pleasure this afternoon to introduce to you ... angle on gene - 12:4 6 pm he be now a few yard from eleanor grant . he come up against the security man who give he the once - over with the metal detector . the man 's eye slide over he , then he look away . he nonchalantly step aside , move off through the crowd . tom BRADLEY ...a woman who can only be characterize as a one -of - a-kind . gene be close to eleanor grant . she be just a few body away , visible between they . his hand move in he pocket . he swallow . the impulse sweep over he and ... krista ( o.s. ) feeling better ? krista brooks , the young woman from the elevator be next to he , smile . he look at she in confusion . tom BRADLEY a iconoclast with class ... krista the elevator . you be not feel well . gene look at eleanor grant . tom BRADLEY a genuine lady who 's not afraid to get into the trenches ... krista be you better now ? gene turn , scan the crowd - no sign of mr . smith . tom BRADLEY ... and go to the mat with greedy special interest ... gene look at krista , study she intensely . she 's a bit unnerve . tom BRADLEY the finest Governor we state have ever have ... again gene look at eleanor grant . she 's turn around , face the crowd , face he . tom BRADLEY my friend and yours , Governor Eleanor grant ! eleanor grant raise she arm . a perfect target . the crowd roar as gene turn back to krista . he lean into she , speak . gene my wife always say I have a problem trust people . krista well , you can trust Eleanor samara grant . gene you do not understand . I be go to trust you . and you have to trust I . krista look at gene . krista yes , you be right , I do not understand . gene look ... my daughter ... she 's go to die ... unless you can help I . krista assess gene , he desperate tone of voice . obviously a nut case . a well - dress nut case , but a nut case nevertheless . krista , nervous , look around for help . krista sure , sure , I will help you . let I get Mr. White . I be sure he can assist you , he 's we ... gene pull the gun , hold it in krista 's sight only , unnotice by anyone else . gene ( sotto voce ) no ! you have to listen to I . krista stare wide - eye at the gun , at gene . krista I be listen , I be listen . angle on the rostrum eleanor grant take over the microphone from the beam local politico . eleanor grant my friend , my good friend ... angle on the crowd gene and krista be go . ext . behind the platform - day - 12:47 pm Hidden by pot plant and campaign poster at the fringe of the crowd , gene confront krista , cover she with the pockete gun . in the background , eleanor grant deliver a ringing speech , accented with applause . gene please ... please ... you have to believe I ... they have my daughter . they want I to kill Eleanor grant '' or they will kill my daughter . krista try to edge away . krista all right , let 's just ... let 's get security in on this . gene no ! you can not ! they be in on it . krista I do not see how they could be in on it . they be the best . they be hand - pick . gene I do not know . one of they be follow I . if he know what I would just tell you they would ... gene pull the gun from he pocket . she recoil , think he 's go to shoot she . gene look , how do I get in here with this !? krista stare at the gun . she can not deny the fact . krista I do not know . gene you have get to trust I . I be put my daughter 's life in you hand . she 's only six . she 's just a little girl . please , please , trust I . krista it 's a little hard to trust you under the circumstance . gene look at she intently . gene you be right , it be . ( beat ) here . gene offer krista the gun . she be surprised , to say the least . she take it gingerly , with only the tip of she finger . gene will you trust I now ? she stare at the gun , at the strange man . krista I guess I will have to . come on , there 's one person we can go to . gene the man follow I have a walkie- talkie . if he see I be not here he will call he partner . I do anything out of line and he will send the word to kill my daughter . krista he will think you be in the crowd until the end of the speech . wait a minute . she step closer to the platform / listen . eleanor grant be voice be hear . eleanor grant ( o.s. ) ... I remember that horrible night as if it be yesterday . a phone call pull I out of sleep , the terrible news ... krista check she watch . 12:48 . eleanor grant ( o.s. ) my husband and child senselessly kill by a drunk driver . krista we have get about ten minute . gene be you sure ? krista I have hear this speech a lot . come on . we will take care of he . we will . gene but ... krista trust I . you ask I for help . let I help . trust I . gene okay ... she start to lead he away . gene hey . he stop she , point to the gun she still hold . gene I think you better put that away . krista I think you be right . she pull out a handkerchief , cover the gun and tuck it out of sight as she lead he behind the platform and away . ext . pool deck - day - 12:4 9 pm mr. smith still roam the crowd , look for gene . eleanor grant but tragedy , if it do not destroy we , have a curious way of give we strength . he see officer trust who give he a question look . he ignore it . eleanor grant I doubt if I would be before you now , if I have not be put through that crucible of loss . mr smith notice the japanese tourist couple we meet before . the man have the video camera point at a sharp up angle . mr. smith glance up toward what the man be shoot . consternation and anger fill he face . angle on red bonaventure tower - 12:4 9 pm what he see be one of the exterior elevator rise . krista stand at the glass look down . behind she , just glimpse , be gene . angle on mr. smith eleanor grant and though I can never forget William and Bill junior or the love I feel for they ... mr. smith cut a wake through the crowd . eleanor grant I have find joy again in serve this great state . I have find love again in my second husband Brendan ... int . twenty -fifth floor - day - 12:.50 pm the elevator door open . gene and krista bolt out and hurry down the hall . gene where be we go ? int . twenty -fifth floor - security table - day - 12:50 pm krista lead gene past the security guard station in the hallway at a small table . gene try to keep he face turn away . the guard glance up . hall guard Ms. brook ... krista be he in ? hall guard yes , mar 'am . they walk past he . he 's a bit curious about gene , but shrug it off . gene and krista reach a door and knock . gene who be this ? be you sure we can trust he ? krista I be sure . it 's she husband . he 's she campaign manager . the door open . brendan grant be frame there . brendan grant what be it ? be there a problem ? krista we need to see you , Brendan . she grab gene and push inside . int . room 2503 - day - 12:51 pm upscale suite . brendan grant be coat be drape on a chair . krista move past he , pull gene . gene ( to krista ) we have to hurry . krista I know . Brendan , listen to I . someone be try to kill Eleanor . brendan grant what ? what be you talk about ? krista we need people we can " trust . we only have a few moment ... brendan grant this be ... this be insane . how do you know this ? gene I know it because I be the one who 's suppose to kill she . brendan grant you be !? ( to krista ) you bring this man here !? you bring this man to my room !? krista I have to . her Security people may be involved ... there be the sound of a toilet flush in a adjacent bathroom . the door open and a man emerge drying he hand on a hotel towel . he be late- middle - age , white , mild - look , perhaps wear glass . mystery man be there a problem , Brendan ? brendan grant there certainly be . this man say he 's be hire to kill Eleanor . gene not hire . they be blackmail I . mystery man who be this " they " ? gene I do not ... I do not know . please , Mr. grant ! they have my daughter . I be not some lunatic . you wife be in trouble . someone be try to kill she . someone be try to make I kill she . please , listen ... mystery man and on the strength of this story , you bring this man to Brendan 's suite ? do that show good judgment , Ms. brook ? I be just a friend of Brendan 's , but it seem to I ... krista he bring a gun onto the pool deck . mystery man ( beat ) what ? krista he get onto the pool deck with a gun . how do he get past she Security carry a mystery man I see . where be this gun ? krista I have it . mystery man well , be it real ? do we know anything about it ? krista it look real . I do not know anything about gun . mystery man could I see it ? krista get out the gun , wrap in the handkerchief , hand it to he . it lay in the palm of he hand . he unwrap it awkwardly , examine it . mystery man my goodness . it certainly look real . he look beyond they , towards the entrance to the suite . mystery man what 's you opinion ? you be the expert in this matter , supposedly . gene turn , to see who he be talk to . angle on doorway - 12:.53 pm mr. smith stand by the open door . before gene can speak , mr. smith move . it be fluid and cohtrol and fast . he march across the room , detour to grab a pillow from the couch . he take the gun , shove " it - into the pillow and go face to face with krista . she just have time to wonder what be go on there be a double muffle gunshot . shock fill she eye , she slide to the floor . gene can only stand there , unbely , freak to the gill . brendan grant Jesus Christ ! mr. smith ( calmly , stare at gene ) yeah , I would say it 's real . mystery man be you out of you fuck mind !? the door open . officer trust slide in quickly . officer trust somebody mind tell I ... ( see krista 's body ) ) what the hell happen !? mr. smith help I get she off the rug . officer trust check the hall , shut the door . they begin to drag she body to the bathroom . the mystery man watch . brendan grant what have you do to I !? Christ almighty ! gene 's eye follow they . as if rouse from a sleep he come to life . gene no ! he try to rush to the bathroom but mr . smith be right there , grip he . gene struggle frantically , uselessly , watch the bathroom door close . mr. smith be beyond anger . he grab gene's throat , muscle down . gene grip the iron hand that 's cut off he air . mr. smith you fuck up . mystery man ( o.s. ) that 's enough . the mystery man grab mr . smith be arm , try to pry he loose . mr. smith be beyond reason . mr. smith you want I to kill you kid !? you want I to kill you !? gene 's eye begin to roll back in he head . everything begin fade to black . the blackness retreat in a rush and gene find himself stare at the butt of mr . smith be gun , visible under he coat . he reach for it , yank it out , fire point - blank into mr. smith , again , again . mr. smith be shocked face fall away . gene head for the door . mystery man do not let he go ! officer trust step between gene and the door . gene shoot he down and be out the door . int . hallway - day gene stumble out in the hall , gun in hand . he hurry down the hall , look back to see the mystery man and a wounded officer trust spill out of room 2503 . the hall officer pull he weapon mystery man get he ! gene fire at the hall officer who go down . gene rush down the hall . one of the guest room door 's open and a man stagger out . it be a bloody , wounded mr . smith ! gene stop in shock . gene I kill you . mr. smith you fuck up . and mr. smith grab he by the collar and throw he over a railing . int . the lobby - mid - AIR - day gene be fall , fall . he pass the ascend elevator and get a glimpse of ms . jone and lynn , press against the glass , she face a mask of terror . the floor rush up to meet gene and ... int . room 2503 - day - 12:5 6 pm ...he hit the floor , throw there by mr. smith . his escape have be a dream . a wrist - watch fill the frame . 12:56 . it be gene 's . we be see he p.o.v . he 's lay on the floor , he watch -hand in front of he face . mystery man ( o.s. ) you nearly kill he , too , you idiot ! mr. smith ( o.s. ) nearly do not count . lose the p.o.v. brendan grant I be on record . I never want this . I want simplicity ; a telescopic sight , a powerful rifle , but no . what be good enough for oswald be not good enough for you two . you have to get fancy . drag some shmuck in off the street , stick a gun in he hand . mystery man it 's academic now . she have to be kill . mr. smith what be you go to do , Brendan ? lock she in a closet ? you be in the fuck kitchen now . get use to the heat . he 's be see all over the hotel , look like some loony tune . we even get he on video . it will work . do not worry about it . gene stir on the floor . mystery man ( about gene ) be he awake ? mr. smith yeah . he yank gene to he foot . brendan grant oh great . why do not we just give he we home phone number while we be at it ? mr. smith it do not matter what he hear . he pull gene over to the bathroom door . throw it open . gene react to what he see within . mr. smith that 's what it look like . she be alive a minute ago . now she 's dead . because you would not do what I tell you to do . mystery man get go . you have only get a few minute to pull it together . mr. smith take gene out of the suite into the hall . the door close . Brendan , the mystery man and Officer trust be alone brendan grant I do not know if we should go through with this . mystery man it 's too late for that . brendan grant there be a dead woman on my bathroom floor ! mystery mam what about it ? she 's Eleanor 's assistant and they will have be shot with the same gun , by the same lunatic . some , anonymous loser who go over the edge . brendan grant ( breathe easier ) only thing better would be if he be a postal worker . officer trust he will not be do any work once I get through with he . mystery man and in a few month you be in the Governor 's mansion . the people would make you king of California if they could . brendan grant laugh . int . hallway - day - 12:57 pm officer trust exit from the room and engage the hall officer in conversation down the hall . gene and mr. smith turn the other way , walk . in a undertone : gene I be not stupid .. I know how this be suppose , to work . mr. smith do you now , Mr. Watson ? gene I kill she - and you kill I . mr. smith keep you voice down . gene even if you do not , her Security man will . int . twenty -fifth floor - elevator foyer - day - 12:58 pm they reach the elevator . mr. smith punch the button . gene turn on he . gene how be I suppose to get away ? mr. smith that 's not my problem , Mr. Watson he get out the walkie-talkie , key it . mr. smith ( into the walkie- talkie ) come back . gene how do I know you will not kill my daughter once I be go ? mr. smith ( into the walkie- talkie ) come back .... Fucking Radio . mr. smith be get nothing but static . he angrily key off , hiss at gene : mr.smith I tell you she would be alright , if you do you job . gene and I be suppose to trust you ? mr. smith what choice do you have ? the elevator door open . mr. smith gesture graciously . mr. smith after you . int . " blue " elevator - day - 12:58 pm they step into the elevator . stare at each other . the door close . mr. smith erupt . he grab gene slam he into the outside window . gene 's face be smashed into the glass by mr . smith be shoulder . his body press gene against the glass wall and he speak , he mouth a inch from gene 's ear . mr. smith look out there ! you see the van ? the van can be see below on flower Street . mr. smith you see it ?! wham ! he slam gene 's head against the window . he lift up the walkie-talkie . mr. smith come back . ms. jone ( v.o. ) ( filter ) yeah . mr. smith do it ! he jab the walkie-talkie next to gene 's ear . lynn ( v.o. ) ( filter ) daddy ...? and then a scream . the horrible sound of a little girl in terrible pain . it cut through gene like a stab in the heart . gene Lynn ! he struggle to turn around . mr. smith kidney punch he , hard ! gene go down on one knee . the car stop . someone start to board it , stop in surprise . mr. smith stick a badge in they face . mr. smith Security . take the next car . they back off . the door close , the car continue its descent . mr. smith lift the walkie-talkie . mr. smith again . gene ( a gasp ) no , please ... another bone-chill scream from the walkie-talkie . gene be rip to he soul . mr. smith haul he to he foot , shove he against the glass . mr. smith you get one last chance . half a hour and that kid be dead . I will kill she myself . I will rip she fuck head off right in front of you ! mr. smith release gene , who go limp . the elevator door open onto the lobby . mr. smith get out , straighten he tie , wiping the sweat from he face . int . third floor " GREEN " elevator lobby - day - 12:59 pm gene get out of the elevator , almost get catch in the close door . he can not even fight back at the door . they pound he a couple of time before he be able to step clear of the elevator . gene stifles a retch , hurry away . mr. smith be stand there . childish giggle erupt from the walkie-talkie . lynn ( o.s. ) ( filter , giggle ) daddy , do you hear I scream ? int . the van - day - 1:00 pm ms. jone hold the walkie-talkie for lynn . lynn ( o.s. ) she tell I to scream as loud as I could . do you hear I ? omit int . men' room - day - 1:01 pm gene stagger over to the row of sink . lean on one sink with both hand , he body shudder violently . and he throw up . a man exit a toilet stall and walk toward the sink . he see gene retching , turn away in disgust , and leave quickly . gene turn on the faucets.to wash the mess away . he try to clean up , but catch he reflection in the mirror . he have trouble look himself in the eye . int . third floor lobby - day - 1:01 pm mr. smith be fume . into the walkie-talkie : mr. smith the next time I tell you to do something , you goddamn well do it ! int . the van - day - 1:01 pm ms. jone try to be private on the walkie-talkie . ms. jone hey , fuck you ! you want to baby - sit a scream kid in traffic , come out here and do it yourself . he get the message , do not he ? lynn watch she , know something 's not quite right . int . bonaventure HOTEL - ext men' room - day - 1:02 pm gene come out of the Men 's room , stand there at a loss . huey ( o.s. ) have a rough day ? down at the heel as they say ? what you need be a shoe shine , shoe shine , shoe shine today . gene look around . huey have he nose in he magazine , call out he patter for whoever drift by . int . bonaventure HOTEL - shoeshine stand - day - 1:02 pm gene walk over , climb into a chair . huey ( still not look up ) take ten , take a break , take a seat , take a load off . put the world in perspective . gene have settle into the chair . huey toss the magazine aside , swing into action ... huey so , be you a visitor or be you lucky enough to ... ... and freeze , stare at the familiar pair of shoe . huey ( as he look up ) you get a complaint ? gene look down at he . gene you remember I ? huey I remember . the big tipper . gene something be go to happen . when it 's over you will know what I be talk about . huey oh , man ... gene please . something be go to happen ... huey what ? the end of the world ? man , do not give I you mad rap . I be not a bartender . I do not want to hear it . I raise a family do this bullshit . do I a favor . get you crazy white ass out of my chair . gene please ... huey hey , a big tip do not give you the right to crap in my ear . you want change ? you get it , brother . what be that you give I , a twenty ? huey kneel down , get he cashbox , start to open it up . from behind he : mr. smith come on , let 's get some privacy . gene he 's deaf . it spill out of gene almost without volition . there 's a note of plead hide in it . gene slowly point a thumb at huey 's " disabled veteran " sign . gene he can not hear a word we be say . mr. smith look at the sign . huey stop what he 's do - " what the fuck ? " he almost say it aloud , then : mr. smith you would not be kid I now , would you , Mr. Watson ? ( to huey 's back ) hey , nigger ! be that right ? you can not hear I ? nigger ? huey 's face settles into something cold . what 's he go to do ? he stand , look at gene , who stare back at he , then slowly turn around , look at mr . smith - and break into a jive - ass grin . huey why , looky -here . my customer- quotient just get multiply by two . what do you think of that ? you will have to forgive I , sir . do not hear you approach . fact of the matter be , I be deef as a post . compliment of the United States Army ... ( do a snappy salute ) ... artillery Corps . can I give you a shine , sir ? you do not see you face , you do not pay . mr. smith be suspicious but he climb into the second chair . mr. smith ( loudly ) yeah , sure , give I a shine ... ( look at gene ) ... shine . huey go to work on he shoe . mr. smith I be put you toy back in you pocket , Mr. Watson . unseen by mr. smith , huey take a peek and see the gun be transfer to gene 's pocket . mr. smith it 's all wound up . now let 's get out you itinerary . gene do . " 1:'30 - California lead the Nation into the 21st century - California ballroom - Governor Eleanor samara grant and Brendan grant " it be the last entry . gene one thirty . California ballroom . mr. smith ( glance at huey ) that 's right . that give you ... he look at he watch . 1:04 . mr. smith ... twenty - six minute to get you shit together . gene let I talk to she again . mr. smith no . gene I want 'to talk to she . mr. smith forget about it . gene I talk to she or you can forget about it . mr. smith do not you threaten I . gene what be you go to do about it , shoot I ? mr. smith ( glance again at huey ) you know what I be gonna do . gene what ? walk out there and twist she arm off ? mr. smith do not reply . gene it would be a lot less trouble just to let I talk to she . they stare at each other for a few beat . then mr. smith check huey out and get out the walkie-talkie . mr. smith ( into it ) come back . ms. jone ( o.s. ) ( filter ) yeah . mr. smith put she on . ms. jone ( o.s. ) what give ? mr. smith just put she on . lynn ( o.s. ) ( filter ) daddy ? gene grab the walkie-talkie . gene yes , sweetie , it 's I . lynn ( o.s. ) ( filter ) I be tired . I want to.go now . gene I know you do , honey . int . the van - day - 1:05 pm ms. jone hold the walkie-talkie for lynn . lynn can we go now ? gene ( o.s. ) ( filter ) not just yet , baby . there 's ... there 's something daddy have to do . lynn to be a hero ? int . bonaventure lobby - day - 1:05 pm mr. smith , gene and huey in situ . gene no , honey , not to be a hero . but I want you to remember something for I , all right ? lynn ( o.s. ) ( filter ) all right . gene he 's do it for you . no matter what anybody tell you , no matter who they be , he 's do it for you , because he love you . mr. smith that 's enough . he reach for the walkie-talkie , but gene stare he down . back to the walkie-talkie : gene will you promise I that ? lynn ( o.s. ) ( filter ) I promise . gene all right . kiss to you . lynn ( o.s. ) ( filter ) no ... kiss to you . gene no. kiss to you . lynn ( o.s. ) ( filter ) no , kiss to ... mr. smith grab the walkie-talkie . mr. smith I do not care who the fuck you do it for just so you do it . hey . he reach down , snap he finger in huey 's face . huey look up . mr. smith you do yet ? huey just about . he give the shoe a final wipe , stand away . huey two dollar , if it please you . mr. smith it do not . I remember when it be a fuckin ' quarter . he throw a couple dollar to huey . to gene as he stalk away : mr. smith twenty - five minute . to he back : huey thanks for the tip . huey turn back to gene . they stare at each other . huey mister , what be you drag I into ? gene I be not drag you into anything . I do not expect ... huey cover you mouth . gene what ? huey this gorilla 's watch you , be that right ? gene that 's right . huey then do not let he be see you talk to I . I do not want he twist my arm off . gene lower he head , cover he mouth with a hand . huey pretend to work on he shoe . huey that be you kid on the walkie- talkie ? gene my daughter . they have she in a van across the street . they say they will kill she if I do not do something for they . huey in twenty - five minute in the California ballroom . gene there be a woman . she be try to help I . I watch he murder she . huey what be you suppose to do ? gene kill the Governor . huey check he perimeter , then : huey I know I should have pack up and go home as soon as I get that twenty . what be I suppose to do about this situation ? gene one of they be in on it . he might even be in charge . her Security be in on it . there 's only one person I know for sure be not in on it . huey who ? gene the Governor . if I could just talk to she ... huey oh , Jesus ... gene no way , there 's nothing you can do to help I . huey then why would you drag I into it ? gene ( get emotional ) it 's my kid . I have get to ... to somehow ... do right by my little girl . he get out she picture , stare at it . gene it 's about time I do . I be one of that guy , workaholics . I work my ass off for they - my wife , my daughter . that 's just what I think I be suppose to do . huey yeah , all right , listen ... gene ( run on ) so when she want a divorce ... I be ... I do not know what I would do wrong . I do not see it . I do not see it .... huey take he wooden brush and whacks gene on the foot , snap he from he downward spiral . huey why do not you tell I about the early year some other time ? gene I be sorry . you understand I do not mind die if I could save my daughter . I mean that . huey yeah , now listen . I can not mess with this shoe any more or it 's gonna look funny . you go down get yourself something to drink . make sure godzilla there , follow you . gene what be you go to do ? huey I have not the faintest idea . go on now . I will get word to you . gene get down . gene if nothing else , someone hear my story . he give huey a twenty . gene keep the change . huey do not think I will not . gene just stand there . huey have to give he a little push . int . bonaventure HOTEL - third floor - day - 1:09 pm gene turn and walk across the lobby toward the bar . his mind be racing . as he pass mr. smith ... gene I need a drink . mr. smith rise immediately , look back at huey . huey give he a symbolic tip of the hat . mr. smith follow gene . int . HOTEL bar - day - 1:11 pm gene find a stool at the empty part of the bar . the place be half - full , noisy . the television be show a game show . the bartender come over . game show host ( o.s. ) ( over television ) ... and time be run out ... gene give I a ...a gingerale ? mr. smith sit - at the other end of the bar . the bartender get he a beer . gene and mr. smith lock eye in the mirror . between they , a couple of t.v. news technician be grab a quick beer . a video camera reside on the bar by they . gene notice officer trust , walk by on a level above , watch he . t.v. news technician 1 man , I think she be go to get out the violin . tv reporter no shit . if I hear that stop the violence routine one more time I be go to shoot somebody . a waitress appear suddenly at gene 's elbow , surprising he . she put a basket of pretzel next to he and a coaster next to he drink . waitress here 's you Ginger ale , sir . down the bar : t.v. news technician 1 politician . tv reporter they be all the same . the waitress be tapping a long fingernail against the bar . gene look down and see it . a note on the coaster . " Men 's room - huey . " the waitress turn the coaster over , and leave . gene look down the bar at mr . smith , drink , unaware . tv reporter you know what bother I ? gene look at he watch . 1:12 . tv reporter when they get all weepy eye about the " ordinary citizen " , the " regular Joe " , the " normal american " . gimme a break . there be not no such animal . we be a nation of two hundred forty million special interest group . gene stand . gene well , I be just a regular guy . the t.v. news technician stare at he . tv reporter be that right ? gene yeah , that 's right . but I have build a good solid business out of nothing . do not underestimate the regular guy . he head for the open lobby . bartender Sir , you have not pay . gene it 's on the special interest at the end of the bar . gene jerk a thumb at mr . smith and be go . mr. smith start to follow he . the bartender be right with he . bartender hey , Sir , do not make I call a cop . mr. smith slap some money on the bar and leave . t.v. news technician 1 Left field bleacher hear from . t.v. reporter laugh . int . bonaventure HOTEL - lobby - day - 1:13 pm mr. smith scan the lobby try to spot gene . officer trust come up behind he . officer trust where be he ? do you lose he ? mr. smith shut up . int . bonaventure HOTEL - shop arcade - day - 1:13 pm elsewhere , gene circle around the lobby . there seem to be clock everywhere . A. set of four clock over the registration desk with the time for Tokyo , Los Angeles , New York , and Paris . the souvenir shop have a dozen clock on display , with the logo of various LA sport team . int . bonaventure HOTEL - restaurant area - day - 1:14 pm the restaurant , the travel agency , the newsstand , all have clock . 1:14 . everywhere he turn . gene have to look at he watch . 1:15 ! gene 's watch and all the clock tick over at once . gene wince as if he could hear all that minute hand tick over one number in a thunderous chorus . int . bonaventure HOTEL - shoeshine stand - day - 1:16 pm he 's near the Men 's room . huey 's stand have a sign on the chair - " go to lunch " and there be a clock face with moveable hand . " we will be back at 1:30 . " gene ( sotto voice ) let 's all hope so . and he enter the Men 's room . across the lobby mr . smith spot he , head that way . int . men' room - day - 1:16 pm gene enter to find huey and gustino the bellboy . huey run to the door , keep a lookout . huey Quick , off with the shoe and pants . Trade with gustino . the big guy 's come . int . bonaventure HOTEL - third floor - day - 1:16 pm mr. smith march towards the Men 's room . int . men' room - day - 1:16 pm huey turn to see gene and gustino just look at each other , uncomfortable , to say the least . huey c'mon , lady . no time to be shy . gene kick off he shoe , shuck he pants . he trade he pants and jacket with gustino , who have do the same . gustino 's pants be too big for gene . his pants be too small for gustino . gustino go into a stall and close the door . huey come back from the door . huey gustino ! Drop them ! gustino have take a seat inside the stall , but with gene 's pants still up . he drop they . huey and cover up they sock . man , who dress you ? huey lead gene to another door . " service personnel only " . he tap on it . it be open by a latino janitor . huey and gene slip through the door , shut it . the janitor begin mop the floor as mr . smith come in . his eye come to rest on the stall . all he see be gene 's shoe and gene 's pants crumpled around the ankle . mr. smith smirk and leave . the janitor rap on gustino 's stall with the mop . janitor fue. ( go . ) int . service hall - day - 1:17 pm huey and gene move down a drab service corridor . box stack on both side , floor buffer at rest , shelf with clean supplies . gene notice for the first time that huey have a pronounce limp . they come upon irene the Cleaning woman . she join they move down the corridor . huey meet irene . gene hi. huey irene be go to help . gene thank you . irene take gene 's hand and lead he along at a half - trot . gene where be I go ? int . bonaventure - service elevator foyer - day - 1:17 pm they come through a short corridor and onto the service elevator . huey you say there be only one person you know be not in on this thing . gene yeah . huey you be go to go see she . gene what !? the elevator door close . int . service elevator - dat - 1:17 pm irene punch the button for the twenty - fifth floor . huey you sure she 's asleep ? irene I take up extra pillow . she take a nap before she big speech . gene what be I suppose to say to she ? huey it will come to you . see if you can stop this thing ' fore it get start . save we all considerable embarrassment . huey take a pillow and a blanket from irene's cart and put it into gene 's arm irene you do not have to save I . I get nothin ' to do with it . you be not gettin ' no key from I . huey ( shocked ) irene ...? the service elevator stop . irene push she cart out into the hall signal they to stay put for a second . she start move out into the hall , the card key fall on the floor . int . twenty -fifth floor - hallway - security table - 1:17 pm at the other end of the hall the hall officer turn when he hear she approach . int . service elevator - day - gene and huey hover in the door of the service elevator . gene reach down and snag the card key at he foot . int . twenty -fifth floor - hallway - security table - 1:17 pm the hall officer have to move he table aside so irene can pass with the cart . as he turn , int . twenty -fifth floor - hallway - day huey push gene across the hall to the door of the governor bedroom . the service Elevator door close . int . twenty -fifth floor - hallway - security table - 1:18 pm hall officer turn quickly at the noise . int . twenty -fifth floor - hallway - day gene hold totally still in the alcove outside she room . int . twenty -fifth floor - hallway - security table - 1:18 pm hall officer look suspiciously , and finally sit back down . int . twenty -fifth floor - hallway - day gene use the key to let himself into int . room 2510 - 1:18 pm lit only by a bedside lamp . eleanor grant be lay on the bed , dress , towel across she eye , bare foot elevate on a pair of pillow . gene edge over slowly to she . he stand over she , not know how to begin . gene ( softly ) Excuse I ... eleanor grant lift a hand , move the towel from she eye . eleanor grant who the hell be you ? she sit upright , reach for the phone ! gene move , put he hand on top of hers on top of the phone . gene no , please . they stare at each other for a beat . she bolt for the door ! gene beat she to it ! she back up to the bed . Eleanor grant be a strong , tough woman , but she 's not fearless . gene Mrs. grant , Governor ... I will not hurt you . eleanor grant my security people be right next door . gene I appreciate that . eleanor grant one loud scream will bring they in here instantly . you will not get very far . think it over . gene if I be here to hurt you I would have do it already . eleanor grant that 's ... a comfort to hear . gene I have a problem . eleanor grant ah . gene only you can help I . I be also sorry to say , my problem be you problem , Mrs. grant . she study he . eleanor grant I remember you ... in the elevator . gene that 's right . eleanor grant you be very nervous . gene it be because I have this ... in my pocket he slowly pull out the gun . she take it in . gene I need you to listen to I . carefully . Three life depend on you listen very carefully to what I have to say . she smile . eleanor grant ( friendly as can be ) of course . but suppose we set up a appointment . I have a important speech to deliver and you be cut into my nap time . very slowly , she move to the table , lift the phone eleanor grant my assistant , krista brook , take care of constituent ... gene krista brook be dead . she freeze , slowly replace the phone . eleanor grant how do you know that ? gene I see she die . she be shot . with this gun . she turn to he . eleanor grant you shot she ? gene no. eleanor grant who do ? gene I do not know . the only thing I know about he be that he work for you husband . eleanor grant what ? gene and you husband work for somebody else . eleanor grant what the hell be you say ? gene glance at the bedside clock . 1:19 . he look back to the Governor . int . bonaventure HOTEL - third floor - day - 1:19 pm a increasingly edgy mr . smith be look at the Men 's room door . he glance over to officer trust who 's keep a eye on he . he look at he watch again , then get up and head for the Men 's room . int . men' room - day - 1:19 pm mr. smith enter . hector be at the urinal . mr. smith check out the foot under the stall . he have to bend over to check properly . gene ' 's shoe , gene ' 's pants leg . hector notice mr. smith be action . mr. smith be aware that he 's be notice , but he be very suspicious . hector flush the urinal . mr. smith stay by the stall . he be go to look over the top of the stall . he rise on he tiptoe . but hector be stare at he like he 's a pervert . mr. smith be suddenly embarrassed . he back away from the stall . hector wash he hand , watch mr . smith in the mirror . mr. smith leave . hector dry he hand . he walk over to the stall and knock on the door . hector he 's go . and gustino toss a bellboy jacket over the top of the stall . hector put it on . hector hey , gustino , what take you so long ? you need to eat more fiber . gustino ( o.s. ) you get anything to read ? int . room 2510 - day - 1:21 pm the clock on the nightstand . 1:21 . eleanor grant sit against the headboard . gene sit on the edge of the bed , the gun all but forget , hold loosely in he hand . gene I know you would not believe I . eleanor grant I say I would listen to you , not necessarily believe you . you be tell I my people be in a plot against I . you be tell I my husband want I kill . what do you expect ? gene I do not blame you . I do not have any proof . but nothing like this occur in a vacuum . you can not be totally oblivious . you must suspect something . you be do thing which be make people angry . people who have be in power a long time be lose they job . you know they better than I . how much do it mean to they ? how far would they go to hang onto it ? her eye go inward , reflect a vague doubt . gene see it , hurry to follow up on this possible chink in she armor . excite by it , he get up , forget to cover she so closely . gene there 's only one way to find out for sure . try to cancel the last speech . eleanor grant ( smile , cover she inner think ) I would prefer we do not refer to it as my last speech . gene it 's the last chance they have for I to kill you . try to get out of it . they will not let you . they can not . try to change the schedule and you will know I be right . what have you get to lose ? it come down to who you trust , they or I ? test they . eleanor grant I love it when pistolero 's talk of trust . gene , across the room look at the gun in he hand . he take the plunge . gene this ? I have never even fire one . eleanor grant indeed . eleanor grant be hand sweep the lamp off the table , plunging the room into blackness . eleanor grant ( in the blackness ) franco ! franco . ' gene slip out into the hall as the connect room door fly open . Light from the other room spill in . franco rush in , pull a gun . int . twenty -fifth floor - security table - day - 1:22 pm the hall officer jump from he chair and run into the suite int . twenty -fifth floor - hallway - day gene quickly move to the service Elevator and push the button . int . room 2510 - day - 1:23 pm eleanor grant stare up at franco , back - light by the light come from the next room . it gleam off the gun he hold in he hand . she stare from the gun up to he hulk frame . franco what be it , Governor !? what 's wrong !? she hesitates . eleanor grant I ... I be afraid I have have a bad dream , franco . int . service corridor - day - 1:23 pm the service elevator open and gene rush out . he hurry down the dim service corridor . suddenly a arm snake out of the blackness and grab he ! huey step into the light . huey well ? gene I do not know . huey what be you go to do now ? gene I do not know . I have to get back . gene keep move fast . huey limp to keep up huey what be you go to do !? gene this be about power and you have not get any . there 's nothing more you can do . I be sorry . thanks for try . huey watch he disappear . int . bonaventure HOTEL - lobby - day - 1:23 pm mr. smith see the t.v. technician and reporter leave the bar with they equipment . officer trust ( o.s. ) ( alarmed ) where be he ? mr. smith look at the man who have appear behind he . mr. smith in the john . he look at he watch . 1:23 . officer trust get move . mr. smith you ' oughta learn to relax . I tell you I have get it under control . officer trust it 's time . it 's time now . mr. smith scowl and head for the Men 's room . int . the van - day - 1:24 pm a different watch . the minute hand move to : 1:24 . it be ms. jone ' . she be in the driver 's seat . she look back at lynn who be try to amuse herself one way or another . she check she gun . she pull out she walkie-talkie , put it on the seat beside she . she start the car . lynn where be we go ? ms. jone not very far , honey - pie . not far at all . she pull the van out into traffic . int . men' room - day - 1:24 pm mr. smith burst into the Men 's room . he go to the stall and lift he fist to pound on the door . mr. smith out of there , Mr. Watson ! you time 's up ! the stall door open and gene come out , zipping up he pants . he brushes right past mr . smith , head for the door . mr. smith reach out , grab he . mr. smith you forget to wash you hand . he throw he against the sink . gene wash he hand . mr. smith lean against the sink next to he in the mirror above the sink , gene see the stall door swing open . gustino be huddle in the corner , foot up on the toilet . mr. smith do not notice . mr. smith I have get faith in you , Mr. Watson . I know you be not just a regular guy , see , I know that . even if you do not know it yourself . maybe that 's why I pick you . gene step between mr . smith and the open stall door . gene I know what I have to do . I will do it . let 's go . and'they exit the Men 's room . gustino slump with relief . int . room 2510 - day - 1:25 pm other light have be turn on . eleanor grant be fix she hair in the mirror . franco be clean up the break lamp . there be a perfunctory knock on the hall door and it open , revealing brendan grant . the mystery man hover in the background . brendan grant hey , El , how 's the head ? she turn , lock eye with the mystery man . mystery man Eleanor . she nod , turn back to the mirror . eleanor grant lousy . and I have siesta hair . I be think of cancel the speech . brendan grant it 's a important speech . mystery man I would say critical , not that it 's any of my business . eleanor grant it 's just another speech in a Tower of babel so high that nimrod himself would be put to shame . cancel . make my apology . in the mirror she take note of brendan grant and the mystery man exchange a look . brendan grant Excuse I . mystery man I will trot along . Nice to see you , Eleanor . brendan step into the room , shut the door . brendan grant during a campaign every speech be important . this be free media exposure . Primetime news coverage that we could not buy . eleanor grant what 's he do here ? brendan grant who , he ? just visit . eleanor grant T hing have change , Brendan . I think you understand that . brendan grant he 's my friend . and he do help you to get elect , after all . eleanor grant do not remind I . brendan grant ( be the break lamp ) what happen here ? eleanor grant nothing . I break a lamp . Brendan step behind Eleanor and put he arm around she affectionately . brendan grant Eleanor , please . I will put it this way . this speech or a half - dozen rubber chicken - fund raiser . what do you say ? eleanor grant Truth be , besides the headache I have come down with a little lower intestinal havoc . make my apology . brendan grant come on , El , you be a trooper . I will get you some pepto , you will make one of you patent tribute to the common person , then back to Sacramento . this be no time to lay down on the job . I do not care what the poll say , you can not afford to relax . look what happen to Bush . tell you what , if you want to blow off the Sacramento speech , fine . but do this one and we will get out of the smog . eleanor grant look at he , almost sadly . she step toward the dress table to fix she hair eleanor grant all right , I will do it . brendan grant that 's my girl . eleanor grant but I want to make some change . get krista in here right away will not you ? brendan look at she for a beat , then snap he finger like he just remember something . brendan grant aw , gee . I send she on a errand . eleanor grant you send my assistant on a errand . brendan grant ( try to look sheepish ) I have be a bad boy . angle on eleanor it be not what she want to hear . int . bonaventure HOTEL - lobby - day - 1:26 pm Mr. Smith push gene toward the escalator . int . california ballroom - day - 1:27 pm all sort of media people hover around , campaign worker wear political button and regular folk round out the crowd . people be eat , drink , and talk . there be a couple of bar , one at each end of the room . dessert table be strategically place around the room . on the speaker 's platform at one end be a podium with some chair arrange behind it . one of the politico be take the podium microphone . politico lady , gentleman , it be my great pleasure to introduce to you the esteem spouse of we Governor . let 's give a big L.A. welcome to Mr. Brendan grant . the crowd applaud warmly . int . hallway - day - 1:27 pm gene and mr. smith move down the hall , follow the sign to the California ballroom . the entrance to it loom ahead . int . california ballroom - day - 1:27 pm brendan grant at the podium . brendan grant lady and gentleman of the press , campaign volunteer , and that of you who be look for any excuse to take off work for the afternoon ... polite laughter . int . hallway - day - 1:27 pm gene be push up to the doorway where he be meet by we friend , the security man with the metal detector . he give mr . smith a nod over gene 's shoulder and send gene to join the crowd beyond . int . california ballroom - day - 1:28 pm view through camera the video camera clumsily track past the crowd , and come tosettle on gene who be walk into the room , not quite sure where he be go . up on the podium : brendan grant we have with we today the first woman Governor of we great state ... gene be push forward into the crowd . he look back , seem surprised , begin turn , search for someone as : brendan grant Governor Eleanor samara grant . what can I say about she .... that will not get I in trouble when I get home tonight . laughter . lose the video camera effect . angle on gene - 1:28 pm gene , in the midst of the crowd , can not locate mr. smith . confusion cloud he face . he find himself near the t.v.technician from the bar . the technician be talk into a walkie-talkie . t.v. news technician Charlie . Charlie . Charlie , be you read I ? he get nothing but static . gene 's eye move to the back of the room . brendan grant she 's a woman who love we great state . t.v. news technician Charlie ... ( give it up ) I can not get shit on this stupid radio . gene look up to a spotlight booth set up in the back . brendan grant a brilliant legislator . gene see the glint of something . a gun ? his eye widen . be that mr smith there ? he look from the spotlight booth to the stage . brendan grant ... who will soon win she second term as the great Governor California have ever see ! t.v. news technician somebody 's go to ave to run down to the truck . tell they this radio 's fuck . gene look away from the stage and lock eye with officer trust . he 's at the front of the ballroom to one side of the speaker 's platform . officer trust stare at gene like a hungry wolf , clutching he gun in he pocket . they both hear : t.v. news technician I can not get through . walkie- talky do not work from here . there 's too much concrete and stuff . realization flood gene's eye . he look back at Mr. Smith in he booth . angle on mr. smith - extreme closeup the camera pan along the barrel of the weapon until it come to Mr. Smith who be settling into fire position . angle on crowd brendan grant lady and gentleman ... t.v. news technician nothin 's get out . officer trust , press forward , hand in pocket . gene be he target . angle on podium - 1:29 pm brendan grant I be honore to present to you we esteem Governor and my beloved wife , Eleanor samara grant ! angle on eleanor grant the crowd erupt in .applause and cheer as eleanor grant come from the rear of the auditorium and begin to work she way down the center aisle . she wave and nod to all the lyal supporter who surround she . eleanor grant thank you ! thank you all ! ballon be release above she onto the center of the floor . angle on waiter -gustino he be push a large high cart fill with hundred of finish plate back towards the kitchen area . angle on gene - 1:30 pm gene look at Mr. Smith and Officer trust and the impending disaster . he have to do something ... anything ... now ! gene begin frantically claw he way toward the podium . gene look out ! look out ! but it be lose in the uproar . Fighting to be hear above the noise : gene claw forward , scream hopelessly . he pull the gun out . angle on eleanor grant she spot gene in the crowd , push toward she , gun draw . her eye widen in fear . brendan grant follow she gaze . his eye widen in something other than fear . gene aim he gun at the ceiling and fire . bam ! bam ! gene look out ! pandemonium . total chaos . people scatter . the gun in the booth swing from gene to eleanor grant . Mr. Smith fire , but he target be block by a panicked guest who be hit . from behind she , franco run to protect eleanor grant as more gunfire erupt . Mr. Smith 's aim be clear and he pull ... bam ! bam ! franco be hit in the center of the back and in the shoulder . he fall onto eleanor grant and they both fall down hard on the step . blood be everywhere . angle on gene he look over and see eleanor grant , beneath franco , look very dead . he careen toward a door . angle on podium on the dais , brendan grant crawl over to where franco lay , half on top of eleanor grant . they be both still , eye close . brendan look down at he wife 's face , splatter with blood . brendan grant my God , he do it ! the Governor suddenly and violently gasp for breath . her eye snap open and burn into brendan . she have hear she worst suspicion confirm . brendan be a great liar , but even he can not hide the shock and fear on he face . int . back hallway - day gene burst through a door . he be follow speedily by officer trust . officer trust you little son of a bitch . his attack be interrupt by a noise from the darkness . the huge dish plate cart , fully load , come fly toward they push by gustino . the cart smashes into officer trust , throw he against a wall , dish clatter and smash . gene raise a hand to the darkness and take off . int . california ballroom - day the dais . franco take a shudder breath . eleanor grant pull herself free , lean over he . she rip open he shirt revealing a slightly - use bullet - proof vest with a bullet hole that miss the vest and hit he upper arm . his eye flutter open . eleanor grant be you all right , franco ? franco ( painfully ) I would be better if they would put sleeve on this damn vest . she touch he face , look over to where she husband stand . they eye lock . it 's curtain for brendan . ext . HOTEL taxi stand - day the van pull into a wait area . int . lobby - near shoeshine stand - day huey turn and spot a van arrive outside the hotel . he realize who it could be . int . the lobby - day - 1:30 pm gene ' bang out of a door , come to a fail and see : mr. smith have reach the spiral stairway . he start down it , two and three step at a time . gene move along the railing . mr. smith be a whole floor below he . he look up , see gene and lift the walkie-talkie to he mouth . gene pocket the gun climb the parapet . and jump ! int . bonaventure HOTEL - lobby - day - 1:30 pm gene land right on top of mr. smith . the walkie-talkie fly over the railing and into the water of the central fountain . int . the van - day - 1:30 pm ms. jone ( on the walkie talkie ) it 's time .... you read I ? I do not hear from you I be go ahead now . check her watch : 1:30 int . the lobby - day - 1:31 pm mr. smith and gene roll down the step , fight . mr. smith basically beat the crap out of he and get up to continue on . gene somehow pull himself up and tackle mr. smith . he get in a few lucky shot before mr . smith overpower he , beat he again finally . send he fly into the fountain pool . int . the van - day - 1:31 pm ms jone look to the back seat at lynn . lynn why do you keep look at I ? ms. jone that 's my job . I be you babysitter . as they talk ms . jone screw a silencer on she gun . lynn I be not a baby . ms. jone you be a big girl , huh ? lynn I be not a big girl but I be not a baby . ms jone turn to face lynn . ms. jone Close you eye . lynn why ? ms. jone I have get something for you . lynn a surprise ? ms. jone you ask too many question . you want the surprise or not ? lynn close she eye . ms. jone make to do the deed . suddenly , huey appear behind she at the windshield . huey good afternoon , madam . hello there , little girl . with a crumpled up newspaper he begin vigorously rub the window . lynn 's eye pop open . ms. jone hey , hey , what be you do !? huey just give you the gift of a clean windshield . only cost you a dollar . ms. jone I do not want my windshield clean . huey you just think you do not want you windshield clean . ms. jone no , I know I do not want it clean . get out of here . huey do not be like that . think of I as the mose of dirty windshield lead you through the desert of dead bug . lynn laugh . ms. jone for the last time , I do not want it clean . now get the hell out of here ! huey it 's already do . I have already do it . you have to pay I now . ms. jone I do not have to pay you nothin' . huey you be go to deny I a lousy dollar after I have sweat like a pig give you the gift of a clean windshield ? ms. jone fuckin ' A. huey I do not think so . he reach in the passenger 's window . ms. jone hey ! huey I think this be worth a dollar . he snatch the walkie-talkie off the seat . ms. jone goddamnit ! gimme that ! she lunge across . huey dangle the walkie-talkie before she . huey oh , we will have to do better than that . ms. jone you worthless piece of shit ! gimme that ! she throw open the passenger door , climb out . ext . taxi stand - day huey back away , taunting she with the walkie-talkie . she be catch between the van and huey , try to keep she gun under wrap . ms. jone goddamnit , you fuckin ' bum , come here ! huey gimme a dollar . ms. jone fuck you ! she lose it , haul out she cannon . bam ! huey 's leg be shot out from under he . he end up on he back . ms. jone swoops down on he , try to grab the walkie- talkie .. ms. jone gimme that thing ! huey 's wounded leg be twisted under he . int . the van - day Lynn be terrify by the gunfire and look for someplace to go . ext . the van - day ms. Jones jump on the wounded huey who be stunne but bravely clutches the walkie talkie under he . ms. jone goddammit , give it to I , you sunnavabitch ! she stick the gun in huey 's face . he try to take it away from she , but she 's really tough ... and mad . the gun fire wildly , hit a pass vehicle which careen leave cause a chain reaction of collision on the street . int . the van - day lynn try to open the van door to escape . the van 's door fly open . mr. smith stand there , gun in hand . - mr. smith daddy blow it . he point the gun . Lynn jump back in terror and clamber back in the van . she go over the seat as he fire ... the back window shatter . mr smith step inside the van a step and aim over the seat . this time he will not miss . lynn have nowhere to hide . bam ! bam ! but it be not he gun fire . he stand , stare surprised , wide - eye . he pivot ... ext . taxi stand - day ... and stare at gene , soaking wet , hold the gun . mr. smith be gun slide from he hand . mr. smith very good ... Mr. Watson . I tell they ... I could make a killer out of you . he drop to he knee , pause , then tree -fall onto he face . angle on gene he rush forward into the van and reach over the seat to pick Lynn up . angle on ms jone and huey she have hear the gunfire and turn she attention from huey to gene . she raise she gun and aim at gene and lynn inside the van . huey reach down , grab he ankle and pull he shattered artificial leg out of the pants - leg and apply it to the side of she head . she be knock aside and out . huey there 's nothing like a good wing - tip . int . bonaventure HOTEL - shoeshine stand - later - 2:26 pm at huey 's shoe -shine stand , gene and huey sit in the shoe - shine chair . they be variously bandage . lynn be on gene's lap . she cling to he , .her face bury against he . they be guard by cop . huey what time be it ? gene look at he wrist , give a ironic smile . gene lose my watch . a hub bub catch they attention . angle on lobby area - below - 2:26 pm a handcuff brendan grant be lead out by state police . PRESS flock around they - shouting question . eleanor grant watch she husband take out . the PRESS descend on she like duck on bread crumb . question litter the air like confetti . eleanor grant any comment at this time would be most premature . please , we will have something for you in a couple of hour . please ... eleanor grant finally make she way toward gene . cop keep the PRESS back . int . bonaventure - shoeshine stand - 2:27 pm eleanor grant look at gene for a long moment . eleanor grant I ...1 would like to ... thank you , mister wat ... gene . gene nods , smile . eleanor grant I would also like to apologize . gene for what ? eleanor grant for not believe you . gene believe I , I do not blame you . ( to lynn ) this be the Governor , Lynn . say hello . lynn let go of she father with one of she hand , give a shy little wave . the Governor reach out , stroke the little girl 's hair . eleanor grant you have a very brave father , Lynn . lynn look up . lynn he 's a hero . eleanor grant yes , yes he be . lynn dad be like that . she go back to cling to she father . gene look like he might cry he , love she so much . gene can we go now ? eleanor grant of course . I will get a car to drive you . gene no , that 's ... that 's ok . we do not need any help . we will be just fine . wo not we , Lynn ? lynn nod . eleanor grant offer she hand to gene . eleanor grant good luck . gene same to you . eleanor grant walk away . the PRESS renew they assault . huey and gene look at each other . then : gene thanks for the shine . huey thanks for the tip . gene ( to lynn ) come on , kid . I gotta make a phone call . he get up wearily , carry he daughter , grab he briefcase , and head away . lynn peek back over he shoulder at huey , shyly wave . huey point at she . huey kiss to you . lynn laugh , come to life . lynn no , kiss to you ! huey no , kiss to you . int . bonaventure - lobby - day - 2:30 pm across the lobby , gene 's watch lay on the ground . the crystal be smashed , the hand stop . 1:31 . a shoe step on the watch , crush it further . it belong to the mystery man . he stop , check he perimeter and walk slowly toward the exit . fade out : the end