night of the live dead credit : written by author : GEORGE A. romero and JOHN A. russo draft date : copyright 1968 by George A. romero and John A. russo ext . cemetery - dusk it be a ordinary dusk of normal quiet and shadow . the gray sky contain a soft glow from the recent sun , so that tree and long blade of grass seem to shimmer in the gather night . there be a rasp of cricket , and the rustle of leave in a occasional whisper breeze . transition be easy and gradual , with relaxed study of earth , grass and leafy branch on a high - mound hill . revelation of cemetery marker do nothing to disrupt the peacefulness of we establish mood ; when awareness come , it be almost as though we have know where we be all along . we be in a typical rural cemetery , conceivably adjacent to a small church although the presence of a church be feel rather than confirm . the stone range from small identify slate to monument of careful design .. a occasional franciscan crucifix , or a carve image of a defend angel . over a hundred year of death indicate in stone syllabic with they year and the status of the family they represent . over the other night sound be add the gravel - rumble of a slow - move car . a wider shot reveal the car and the mound cemetery , as the car pull into the gate and move down one of the cemetery road , the car pass in extreme foreground and move away from the camera . in the breeze of its pass , the dead leave that clutter the little road swirl and move . Beyond the distant tree , the last recede gray of dusk in surrender to the black . the car continue . when the car stop , we feel the absence of its sound .. replace by the cricket and the subtle wind . even as the car be still rock slightly form its stop action , we cut to a shot through the driver window at the occupant of the car . the driver be a young man in he mid-twenty , and he passenger be a young woman , he sister . the man be in shirtsleeve with a loosen tie . his suit - coat be on the clothing hook over the back seat . the girl be wear a simple but attractive summer suit , with the jacket remove and fold on she lap . she be fussing with she purse , while the man shut off engine , light , and lean back to yawn and stretch he leg . the girl close a potato chip bag , brushes crumb , fluff she hair ... typical feminine gesture after a long ride . the man stretch again . barbara they ought to make the day the time change the first day of summer . then two good thing would happen all at once . a little laugh from the man as he straighten he tie . barbara I love the long day and the extra sun . JOHN a lot of good the extra daylight do I . i lose a hour 's sleep . and it 's dark already , and we still have a three - hour drive , and we will not get back till after midnight . Barbara reach down to put she shoe on . barbara if it really drag you that much , you would not do it . JOHN be you kid ? I certainly do not want to blow sunday on this scene . we be gonna either have to move mother to parkville or move the grave to pittsburgh . barbara oh , you be just be silly . mother can not make a drive like this . John reach to the back seat and produce a flower , cross -shape grave ornament . in the center of the cross , in gold script on a red field , be write '' we still remember '' JOHN look , twenty - five dollar ... '' we still remember '' ... I do not , you know it ... I do not remember what the guy look like . barbara johnny ... it take you five minute . JOHN Three hour ... no , six hour six hour and five minute . Barbara continue to primp and straighten she outfit . John hand she the grave ornament and lean forward to struggle into he suit jacket . she open key from JOHN mother want to remember . so we have to drive four-hundred mile to plant a cross on a grave , as if he 's stare up through the ground to check out the decoration ( he point at the cross inscription ) we have to remember ... and she stay at home . barbara johnny , we be here ... all right ? she door and turn to step out . John take the the ignition and drop they into he pocket . JOHN hey ... hey , barb , you know the radio 's be on all this time ( tighter shot of Radio ) voice lady and gentleman ... please forgive ... what ... hey , you get a signal , Charlie ? JOHN it must have be the station . voice : do not be al John click the radio off . he get out of the car and walk around the front of it , trot to catch up with he sister . it be obvious that she do not hear he . he catch up to she and start to repeat he discovery about the radio . JOHN hey , the radio be okay , it 's just Barbara be more interested in find the row contain they father 's grave . barbara you remember which row its in ? JOHN ( momentarily forget the radio ) huh ? oh , it 's over here , I think ... they start in he suggest direction . JOHN do you hear the radio ? barbara ( look ahead , try to spot the grave ) hmmm ? JOHN the radio 's fix . must have be the station , not the radio . barbara ( still search intently , she toss this line away ) good ... you will not be as bitchy drive home . they jibe at each other be not really in anger , but be typical of brother - sister annoyance . they walk through the row of gravestone in the grow darkness . JOHN ( make conversation , with no more significance than a comment about the weather ) nobody around . barbara well , it be late . if you have get up a little earlier JOHN I already lose a hour 's sleep on the time change . barbara oh , sometimes I think you complain just to hear yourself talk . JOHN a hour earlier and it have still be light . ( he squint into the dusk ) it 's hard enough to find in the light . barbara there it be . ( she point ) they move toward a grave with a standard rectangular stone . it be a unkept grave , its outline cropped and overgrown with grass and wilted flower . John take the flower cross and , step close to the headstone , embed its wire - prong base into the earth , as he ramble on . JOHN wonder what happen to the one from last year ? every year twenty - five buck for one of this thing , and the one from last year be go .... we hear Barbara 's voice . the camera stay on John as he build up some dirt around the base of the ornament . barbara the flower die .... and the caretaker or somebody take they away ... JOHN ( stand , brush himself off ) yeah , a little spit and polish and they can sell they again . I wonder how many time we have buy the same ... he do not finish , in stand he see he sister with a pair of rosary bead and he stop talk . she be praying silently , look down at the ground . John straighten he tie and button he jacket . he step behind he sister , put he hand in he pocket , and rock nervously on one foot . she continue to pray . John look around the cemetery . the stone be soft and white ... they seem very pale . there be a few move shadow . the sound of the night seem louder , but this be only because they have stop talk . the situation do not seem ominous . John be merely bored . in the distance , a huddle figure be walk among the grave . JOHN ( glancing at he watch ) c'mon , barb , church be this morning ... the girl continue she prayer . John light a cigarette , idly exhales the first puff of smoke and look around again . the huddle figure still move slowly among the grave . John turn to he sister and be about to say something but see she make the sign of the cross and drop she bead in she purse . she turn from the grave and they both start to walk slowly away . JOHN ( slightly uncomfortable about urging she to leave ) well ... I mean ... prayin 's for church . barbara I have not see you in church lately . JOHN well , grandpa tell I I be damned to hell ... ( he say this lightly , look ahead to a large tree . he smile . ) you remember ? right here ... I jump out at you from behind that tree ... grandpa get all excited ... '' you will be damned to hell '' Barbara smile . JOHN right here , I jump out from behind that tree at you . Barbara express annoyance . JOHN you use to be so scared here . barbara johneee ! ( with force irritation ) JOHN ( laugh , playfully ) you be still afraid ... barbara stop it ... I mean it ... JOHN ( mockingly ) ... they be gonna get you , Barbara ... barbara stop it .. you be ignorant ... JOHN they be come for you , Barbara .... they be gonna get you ... ( he leer at she , as though he be about to pounce ) . barbara ( become a little nervous ) johnny , stop ... JOHN ( mockingly ominous ) they be come out of they grave ... after you ... they be come ... to get you ... with this , John throw up he arm and he voice rise . the figure move among the grave stop , and stand for a moment . Barbara glance toward the figure and momentarily she anxiety turn to embarrassment . barbara ( as we cut back to she ) you be act like a idiot . John speak in a low tone now , glance at the figure as they draw closer in they perpendicular path . John 's remark now be direct to Barbara , as though he do not want the old man to hear ... JOHN here come one of they now ... barbara ( walk faster ) he will hear you ... JOHN come to get you ... Barbara purse she lip in anger . the couple be now only a few yard from intersection they path with the old figure ... JOHN ( in a mock - panic whisper ) I be get 's outa here ... he bolt and run up the path . barbara John embarrass , she cut herself short and continue to walk , more rapidly now . up the path , beyond the intersection of the man 's row . John stop , laugh , and turn to look back at he sister . she be near the place where the path meet , and so be the old man . we cut close to she . she be look down in embarrassed silence , aware of she proximity with the old man . she feign poise , and as she make the intersection look up nervously to deliver a socially necessary smile to the old mourner ... the old man lunge at the girl , he hand grab at she hair . a frighten gasp choke she . she be cough . the man grip she arm and slashes at she clothing . she flail about choke try to yell .... JOHN ( horrify ) hey ... god ... the man be all over Barbara , unable to hold she in she violent flail . his grab tear she jacket and scratch she face . he seem to be try to bite she arm . John leap at the man . the three fall to the ground , Barbara kick , and beat with she purse . John get a firm hold on the man and Barbara be able to wrench free . the man be thrashing wildly at all part of John 's body . they struggle to they foot , the figure thrashes , beat , tear like a animal ... John clutches at he and they fall in a heap . in the darkness , they form be as one thrashing thing . Barbara scream wildly . the two man make animal sound . one figure gain the advantage and slam he fist down against the other 's head . Barbara be panic-stricken . her scream turn to frenzied gasp as she find a tree limb and snatch it up . but when she look up , she see that one have vanquish the other . she stop in she track . night sound . a close shot make it clear that John be lie limply on the ground with the other man hunch over he form . the man be do something with the limp body , still rip at it ... perhaps grop for money ... Barbara can not tell ... barbara johnee .... the old man freeze and look up . the girl raise she club and rush toward he . he jump into a half - stand position , like a animal hunch to spring ... Barbara stop in she track . the man be breathe heavily . she start to back away . the man hold very still . she back further ... faster ... total fear . the man start to move slowly ... cat - like . he step over the body . Barbara drop the club and break into a dead run down the path . she scream . the man move after she , but he be considerably slower that she , with seem difficulty in move . he appear almost crippled . 10 . in a flail run , Barbara reach the car , sobbing . she yank open the door . she can hear the man draw nearer . she scramble into the front seat and slam the door shut ... no key . the man draw nearer , seem to move faster , more desperate to reach the girl . Barbara sob she clenches the steering wheel . the driver 's window be open , she struggle to roll it up ... then push the lock button . the man be upon the car . Barbara dive across the seat to slam down the passenger - side lock button . the man rip at the door handle and pound violently at the car . the girl start scream again . the man .. pound ... claw ... he grab a stone from the road ... the passenger window shatter into thousand of little crack . another pound send the stone through the window , and hand grab through the open to peel away the flake of glass in section . Barbara 's scream become more violent . she summon enough presence of mind to reach for the emergency brake . the man pound and flail at the window . the car , at the top of a long grade , slowly start to drift . the man struggle to hold it ... to rip out the glass ... he arm break through , he sleeve be rip and tatter ... the hand grab at the inside of the door the car move faster ... the man struggle to cling ... he be force to trot after the car ... faster ... he loss he foot ... grab at the fender , the bumper . he fall into the road ... the car gain momentum . the man regains he foot and start after the car . it be move faster . Barbara be freeze in the driver 's seat , clenching the wheel . the road ahead be black ... the speed be frightening ... she pull the light switch ... the headlight dance beam of light among the tree . the beam reveal the grade in the road , which be narrowing to one car width , and , about two hundred foot ahead , the downhill grade end and a uphill grade begin . in desperation , the girl look out the rear window . against the sky , in the light from the cemetery gate , the man be still come after they . in panic , she look about . she be still in the cemetery proper . row of grave on both side of the road . no light from house , no sign of life . the car slow . it 's momentum carry it some distance up the upgrade . Barbara glance backwards ... the man be move faster toward she ... she be terrify ... the car reach a full stop . there be increase panic in she face ... as she forget herself and the car begin to drift backward ... toward the man , as he draw nearer . the car pick up momentum , carry she toward she pursuer . 11 . she grab at the emergency brake and yank it tight , the lurch of the car throw she against the seat . she struggle with the door handle ; the button pop up ... the man draw nearer ... she break from the car . the man keep come , desperately try to move faster . Barbara run , off the roadway and onto the turf of the cemetery . she fall ... kick she shoe off ... get up and keep run . the man be still after she . she reach a low stone wall which mark the end of the cemetery . she struggle over it and look ahead for a moment to get she bearing . across a main highway be a darken gasoline station , and beyond it a old house . she pants heavily , glance up and down the highway ... but there be no sigh of traffic . the man be near the low cemetery wall . she break into a run across the highway . the gasoline station show no sign of life . it be old and decrepit . one light be out over the pump . the pump house and surroundings be nearly lose in shadow . some fifty yard away , there be the old house . she run toward it . she press against the side of the house , in a darken corner , try to look up into the window . across the highway , she see she pursuer struggle over the little wall , and in he clumsiness fall grovel on the ground . in panic , she run to the rear of the house and into the shadow of a small back porch . her first impulse be to cry out for help , but she silence herself in favor of try to stay hide . she gasp , try to hold she breath . silence ... night sound ... and the sound of the man 's fun footstep slow to a trot ... then a walk ... the footstep stop . Barbara quickly glance about . there be a rear window . she peer through it , but inside everything be dark . the pursue footstep take up again . she press back against the door of the house , and she hand fall on the doorknob . she look down at it , grab it with a turn , and the door open . she enter quickly , as quietly as possible , and close the door softly behind she , bolt it and feel in the darkness for a key . her hand find a skeleton key , and she turn it , make a small rasp and click . she lean against the door , listen , and can still hear the distant footfalls . 12 . Barbara find that she be in the kitchen of the old house . she grope through a door and into a large live room no sign of life . her impulse be to cry for help , but again she stop herself for fear of be hear by the man outside . she dart back to the kitchen , rummages through drawer in a kitchen cabinet , and find the silverware . she choose a large steak knife and , grasp it tightly , go to listen at the door again . all be quiet . she go back into the live room . Beyond it be a alcove that contain the front entrance to the house . she rush to the front door and make sure it be lock . cautiously , she push back a corner of the curtain to see outside . the view overlook a expansive lawn , large shadowy pine tree , and the service station across the road . there be no sign of the attacker . suddenly , there be noise from outside : the pound and rattling of a door . Barbara drop the curtain edge and stiffen . more sound . she hurry to a side window . across the lawn , the man be pound at the door to the garage . she watch , she eye wide with fear . the man struggle with the door , then look about and pick up something and smashes at it . in panic , Barbara pull away from the window . across the room be a telephone . she rush to it and pick up the receiver ... dial tone ... she frantically dial the operator ... some buzze and click ... then telephone operator recording ( v.0 . ) I be sorry ... we line be busy ... would you hold the line please ... I be sorry ... we line be she quickly depress the receiver button ... let they up and dial again ... long pause ... she can hear sound from the gas station telephone operator ( v.o. ) I be sorry ... we line 13 . she depress the button again ... dial 411 for information ... another long pause ... then the rasp of a busy signal . the noise from the service station have stop . she listen for a moment ... she shudder with fear ... notice a telephone directory in a stand near the phone . frantically , she finger search to page for the emergency number ... the police . she dial shakily , but before she have dial the last number the rapine of the busy signal come over the receiver . she depress the button again ... footstep ... she put the phone down and rush to another window . a figure be crossing the lawn , come toward the house . it be a different figure , a different man . she run to the door and peer out through the curtain again . the man still walk toward the house . a shadow darken a strip of window at the leave of the door . its abruptness startles she . she peel back a corner of the curtain and see the back of the first attacker not ten foot away , face the man who be approach . the attacker move toward the new man . Barbara freeze against the door , and glance down at she knife ... she look back out at the two man . they join each other under the dark , hang tree , and stand look back toward the cemetery . from inside the house , Barbara squint , try to see . finally , the attacker move back across the road , in the direction of the cemetery . the other man approach the house , seek the shadow of a tree , and stop ... in a attitude of stolid watch ... Barbara stare , but can see little . she lunge toward the phone again ... dial the operator ... the same record message . she barely stop herself from slamm down the receiver . then suddenly a distant sound ... a approach car . she scamper to the window and look out . the road seem empty . but after a moment a faint light appear , bounce and rapidly approach ... a car come up the road . Barbara reach for the doorknob , edge the door open very slightly . the light spill dimly over the area . there , under the great tree in the lawn , be the silhouette of the second man . Barbara shudder ... she be afraid to make she break for the approach car . the figure appear to be sit , quite still , it 's head and shoulder slump over ... it seem to be look right at the house . the car speed by ... Barbara just stare at the figure . she can not run . she close the door and back into the shadow of the house . 14 . she turn to see all around she . the large dreary room be very quiet , cast in shadow ... she spy a stairway run toward it still carry the knife and start up the stair . the camera be level with she eye , and pick up she view of the stair as she run up ... panting and frantic she climb , she hand graze the banister ... still at she eye level , the camera start to pick up the top of the stairway ... the floor of the second landing ... a brief glimpse of something on the floor there ... she continue to climb ... the floor of the landing ... zoom in toward camera , the hand of ... a corpse . Barbara stop ... the corpse be almost skeletal with its flesh rip from it , and it lie at the end of a trail of blood . scream in absolute horror , Barbara almost fall down the stair . she be gag ... she break for the door , unlock it , and fling herself out into the night , completely unmindful of consequence ... she be bath in light ... two headlight be screeching toward camera the sound of a vehicle stop . Barbara cover she face with she arm . someone rush toward she man be you one of ‘em ? she stare , freeze . a man stand in front of she . he be large and crude , in coverall and tatter work shirt . he look very strong , and perhaps a little stupid . behind he be and old , batter pick - up truck , which he have drive right up onto the lawn of the house . he hold a large jack - handle in he hand , and stand there panting . behind he , the man at the tree still stand . Barbara be still freeze man ( the man shout again ) be you one of ‘em ? I see ‘em to look like you the man at the tree move forward ... Barbara scream and step back ... the truck driver spin to face the other man . the other man stop in he track . the truck driver back protectively toward the girl , while the other stand , just watch . finally , the truck driver seize Barbara 's wrist and pull she into the house , slamm the door behind they . Barbara fall back against a wall . the truck driver lock the door and throw the bolt . he be breathe hard . he turn to look at the girl . she bring the knife up ina defensive gesture truckdriver ( soothingly , in a drawl , almost as he would address a scared rabbit ) all right ... it 's awright now ... 15 . she stare widely at he . he immediately concern himself with he surroundings . he move into the next room to check the window . he try a lamp , it light , he turn it off . Barbara weakly lower the knife and fall to a sit position in a chair . she watch the man intently ... he call to she from the other room truckdriver do not you mind the creep outside ... I can handle he there 's probably gonna be lot more of ‘em ... soon 's they fin 's out about we ... I be outta gas ... they pump over there be lock ... be there food here ? ... . i’1l get we some grub ... then we beat ‘em off a 's skedaddle she just stare at he . truckdriver it be not no good no way . might 's well have two tincan and a string ... you live here ? she remain silent , look toward the top of the stair . the man follow she stare and start toward the stair ... . halfway up he see the corpse and stop truckdriver oh ... bejesis ( he stare for a moment , then slowly back down the stair . ) at the bottom of the stair , he just look at the girl shiver with shock in she chair . then he force himself back into action . truckdriver we gotta bust outta here ... git to where there 's some folk somebody with gun or something ... . ( he quickly move toward the kitchen . ) I will try to scare up some grub . 16 . he enter the kitchen and start to rummage . he fling open the refrigerator and the cupboard . find a stack of large paper grocery bag , he open one and start to fill it with thing from the refrigerator . he hurl the stuff into the bag . he be interrupt by Barbara 's voice barbara ( weakly ) what 's happen ? the man look up at she barbara ( repeating ) what 's happen ? ( she shake she head in fright and bewilderment ) the truck driver look at she . she stand like a frighten child in the kitchen doorway . he be amaze at she question . a shatter crash startles they . the man drop the grocery and seize he jack -handle . he run to the front door and look out through the curtain window . another shatter sound . the first attacker have join the second man at the old pick - up truck , and with great stick the two be smash out the headlight . truckdriver two of ‘em . once the light be batter out , the two man outside start to beat at the body of the truck . the truck driver spin and lunge toward the girl . truckdriver how many ... how many she back further away ... the truck driver lunge again , this time in desperation to make she understand truckdriver how many ... come on , now ... . ah know you be scared ... but ah can handle they two bohopper ... now how many more be out there that truck 's we only chance to git outta here ... how many how many he grab she shoulder and she struggle against he , thrashing hysterical 17 . barbara I do not know ... I do not know what 's happen ? ... . I do not know what 's happen she break into hysterical sobbing . the truck driver spin away from she and break for the door . he look out the window for a moment . the attacker still beat at the truck , wildly try to tear it apart . the truck driver fling open the door and leap off of the porch . the two man look up ... for the first time we see the face of the attacker ... they be dead thing ... the flesh on they face be rotting and ooze ... they eye bulge from deep socket ... they hair be long , and they clothing rotten and in tatter . they be ghoulish being , stare up at the truck driver ... he start for they slowly , with building vengeance . he move steadily at first ... with control power ... he speak as he advance ... wield he jack - handle truckdriver come and git it ... come on and git some o’ this jack - handle he concentrate on he attack ... move stolidly toward the two creature ... he break almost into a run . but the two , rather than back off , move toward the man ... as though draw by some urge . the man pound into they , swinging and thrashing with arm and jack-handle . they be buffete by he blow ... they seem weak compare to he ... but he powerful blow do not really stop they . it be like beat a rug . he fling they back and they advance again . it be a violent , brutal struggle . but the big man finally beat the two into the ground , and for a great while continue to pound a they limp form . he break into almost sobbing with each of he blow . he beat at they and beat at they as the girl watch in shock from the porch ... he thrashes and beat until she start to scream again . her scream pierce the night . the man stop . breathe heavily , he stand , envelop in the quiet of the night . the girl stand in the doorway , the truck driver turn to face she , he be out of breath . suddenly , a noise behind the girl , she spin ... and walk toward she from the kitchen be another of the hideous creature ... the truck driver leap toward the thing truckdriver lock that door ! 18 . Barbara slam the door and lock it , back against it , as another equally brutal struggle ensue in the live room . the big man again beat the attacker down ... . but another appear at the kitchen door . the truck driver leap toward it , and with powerful jack - handle blow drive it out beyond the door so that he can fall against it , shutting it . he bolt it and stand lean against the frame try to breathe . Long silence ... the truck driver just stare down at the floor truckdriver they know we be in here , now there be not no use disputin’ that . outside the house , the fourth ghoul stand stare at the back door . another slowly walk up behind it ... and another . at the front of the house , three more stand near the body of the first two . pull off and follow focus from the front yard of the house , through the curtain at the front door , to the face of the girl as she spin to face the camera . her face twitches in fright , and she eye be wide with a non-blink stare . as she spin , she eye fall on the floor , where the dead humanoid lie . the thing be askew on its back , its right arm extend toward the girl with finger twisted as though to grab . ( cut to mcu . camera be truck in slowly . ) there be a slight movement in the thing 's hand . it twitches ... the whole body twitches slightly . the bent , break neck have the be 's head twisted upward , in a open-mouthed glassy stare ... Barbara step toward the thing . the fear in she face bear the beginning of a sick frown . the hand twitches again . the girl move closer , draw toward it , stare down at it with overpower curiosity . the thing be something dead , with the beginning of decay on its face and neck . Barbara move closer . the thing still twitches she be stare right down into the thing 's eye ... she hand come up to she mouth ... the urge to be ill , to scream , to run must all be fight ... the glassy stare from bulg eye ... right back up at she 19 . ( camera shoot back and forth at she face and the stare eye of the dead thing ... zoom in on the thing ... it seem as though the body be go to stand again ... it 's face hold as much life as it do when it walk . ) suddenly , with a rustling sound the thing move ... ( cut back . ) the big truck driver have a hold on the thing 's leg and be drag it across the floor . truckdriver shut you eye , girl ... I be gittin’ this dead behopper outta here he be sweat . his face show anger and anguish as he drag the body across the floor . Barbara just stand , she hand still at she mouth , watch . the sound of the man 's breathe , and he struggle , fill the room . with the body , he reach the back door and let the leg fall truckdriver you ... filthy ( he cut himself short . cut - in for close - up . ) the stark light on the big man 's face make he shine in he sweat . his eye be alert , and afraid . he turn quickly to see through the small window - pane in the door . outside , lurking in shadow from the huge tree , the three being watch and wait , they arm dangle and eye bulg , as they stare at the truck driver 's activity . with a swift move , the big man unbolt the door , fling it open , and bend toward the inert thing at he foot . the ghoulish thing begin to move toward he . with one great heave , the dead form be flop outside the door . it lie across the threshold . the thing advance silently truckdriver filthy another great effort shove the body almost clear . from inside the house , the big man 's effort cannot be clearly see by the girl , because the doorframe be block she view . she move into the kitchen . the truck driver flop the body down onto the edge of the porch . the three figure be close upon he , be start to reach out . the big man shudder . he fumble into the breast pocket of this work shirt . the thing advance . he produce a pack of match , manage to strike one ... and touch the burn tip to the clothing of the dead thing , and with almost a pop sound the clothing catch fire 20 . the thing in the yard stop in they track ... the fire blaze slowly . shake , the truck driver touch the match to other aspect of the thing 's clothing . his finger burn , and he snap they , throw the match into the heape form . he be breathe hard . stand , he kick the burn thing off the edge of the porch ... watch it roll down three small step onto the grass , where it lie still , the flame lick around it . the three being step back slightly ... the big man cling to the banister around the little porch ... he fist clench and he face be fiery in the glow of the flame . his voice quiver truckdriver I 'il git you .. ah be gonna git you . all of you ... . ( his voice grow stronger in he violence ) all of you he stand defiantly on the little porch , the flame corpse separate from the thing that wait . he spin suddenly ... the girl stand inside the kitchen door . his face be a fury of sweat and quivering anger . his eye meet the girl 's ... she step slowly back into the room . the big man , in great stride , re-enter the kitchen and slam the door , bolt it again . his breathe , still loud , be even more rapid than before . his eye dart quickly about the room in search of something . he rush to the cabinet and throw they open , begin rummage through they . Standard kitchen utensil and supplies . he do not speak , just frantically ransack the room ... truckdriver see if you can find the light switch . Barbara fall back against a wall , and she hand grope to a switch . the light from a overhead fixture come on , provide dim illumination . the big man continue to clatter about frantically . the light come on make the girl blink . she remain against the wall , she hand still touch the switch . it be as though she dare not move . she watch silently . 21 . the man fling open drawer and spill content onto the shelving and onto the floor . his hand fall to the silverware drawer , still open from when Barbara first discover it . he pull it out until it stoops itself with a crash . he root through it , pull out a large knife and , suck he breath in , stuff it under he belt . then he reach into the drawer again and produce another knife . take Barbara by surprise , he stride toward she . he shove the knife at she , handle first , but she fall back slightly . her action stay he franticness ... breathe heavily through he word , he speak to she truckdriver +... now ... you hang on ... to this she hesitates , but she take the knife . she seem weak , almost apathetic , as though she be lose control of herself . she stare at the weapon in she hand , then she eye come up to meet the man 's intense face . truckdriver all right . he pull away from she and continue to rummage , but he speak periodically now , between great breath , and between the brief time when he interest be wrap in something he find in he rummage . his search be not without control ; it have a coordinate purpose ; it be selective , although frantic and desperate . he look for nail and strip of wood or plank that he might nail around door and window . his action be hurried , and intent after this defensive end . at first , he search have he full attention . gradually , as he move about , and begin to come up with several key item that he need , he effort pace down into a more deliberate flow ... he start put up board and table against the vulnerable part of the old house . the mood relax in intensity , become calmer , more analytical ... the barricade instill a feel of great security . and the knowledge of some security begin to overtake the girl , bring she out of she shock and passivity . the scene proceed as follow ++. the girl look at she knife , recede against the wall . the noise of the search be ever-present . the man mutter occasionally , and spill he finding about the room . at first , as new cabinet and drawer fail to turn up what he be look for , he grow impatient and more violent spool of thread , button , manicure implement , shoe-shine material ... another drawer ... immediately , as the drawer be flung open with a clatter , the big man see what he need ... he almost leap into the drawer 22 . truckdriver tell I ... you be not the sweetest thing his big hand come out of the drawer with a old pipe - tobacco tin , and in one gesture he spill its content onto a shelf ... nail and screw and washer and tack spill out onto the wooden shelf . a few roll too far and clatter onto the floor . his finger scoop they up . he fumble through the little pile of thing and select the longest nail . in the batch , and stuff they into the breast pocket of he work -shirt . even as he stuff the nail into he pocket , he be already move , he eye seek for he next need truckdriver see if there 's any wood around the fireplace out there ! his hand explore the shelf surface . the girl do not respond immediately . his impetus carry he toward another shelf , but in turn he notice the girl , still motionless . truckdriver look ... you ... ( angry at first , he stop himself , then speak still frantically , but with less harshness ) truckdriver ( cont have . ) you be scared ... ah be scared ... ah be scared , too jist like you ... now ... ( he compose himself even more ) we be not gonna be worth a plugge nickle if we do not do something 's ... ah be gonna board up this door and window ... but you gotta pitch in ... we gotta help ourselves , ' cause there be not nobody around to help we and we be gonna be all right ... ok ? ... now ... I want you to scamper out there and see if there 's any wood in that fireplace he stop , still breathe hard . the girl just look at he . she start to move , very slowly , away from the wall . truckdriver ok ? the girl be still for a long moment ; then nod she head weakly . truckdriver ok 23. the girl leave the room and he continue he search . she move quickly into the live - room area . the darkness stop she for and instant , slow she pace . from the kitchen , come the clatter sound of the man 's search . she look ahead . the white curtain on the window seem to glow , and every shadow seem suspect . Barbara shudder . ( shot of the forebode room . closer shot on she face . ) on a table be a bowl of large , round flower ... a breeze cause they to stir in sync with a sound from the kitchen . the effect startles the girl ; she dive for a table lamp , click it on , and dull illumination fill the room . the room be empty . she start slowly toward the fireplace . near it , be a stack of logwood , and a few plank that might be large enough to nail across the window . still clutching she knife , she bend over the pile and gather up the planking . she stand with she awkward load , and the forebode room face she again , stop she . she bolt and hurry toward the kitchen . burst through the door , she find the big man pound with he jack - handle at the hinge on a tall broom - closet door . one final swipe and a great yank frees the wooden door , and the man stand it against the wall next to the broom-closet . in the recess of the closet , the man spot other useful item and pull they out ... a irone board , three center board from a dining table , and some old scrap lumber . 24 . he motion for Barbara to follow , as he grab the closet door and move to the back door of the house , which he have previously bolt against the being outside . he slap the closet door up against the pane portion of the kitchen door and find that with this same piece he can cover the kitchen window . he lean against the piece of wood and grope in he pocket for nail . the door start to slip slightly ; it do not completely cover the adjoin window , but it leave slot of glass at the top and bottom : however , it do cover the glass part of the entrance door . Barbara drop she burden and move swiftly , help the man by hold a end of the barrier in position . the truck - driver accept she help automatically , without recognition , and give the barricade a cursory inspection as he determine where to sink the nail . pull several nail from he pocket , he place they and drive they in with he jack -handle . he drive two on he through the door and molding until they grab , then move to she side and drive two more . when four be in , he whacks at they with the jack -handle until they be completely sink , then begin to add more . now he start to talk . the first decisive step be take . quite a lot of relief come with it . most of the house be still vulnerable , but the measure take instill confidence . while he talk , though , he keep work rapidly , he pace as intense as ever truckdriver there , by god ... this ought to hamp they crimper ... they be not that strong ... there two more nail , in position , drive to the molding . he test the barricade wood with two good yank . it hold . truckdriver they be not comin’ through that . he drive the last two nail in all the way . truckdriver gotta figure out how much nail we get . he see the part of the window that remain uncover . truckdriver I will leave that for now . we ’1l1 fix the rest . he turn quickly from the barricade and look around the room . no other door or window except the door that lead to the live - room . 25 . truckdriver well ... this place be fairly secure he examine plank and table extension . truckdriver now ... if we have to the girl just stand and watch he . truckdriver if we have to ... we just run in here ... and no draggin 's now , or fussin’ with you make - up , or I leave you out there . we run in here and board up this door . the door between the kitchen and live - room have be open all the time . the big man close it , test it , it shut tight . he open it again . he quickly choose several of the lumber strip and stand they against the doorframe . he grope in he pocket and notice that he supply of nail be dwindling . he check the pile sprinkle from the can . he empty the can completely and finger the content for all of the longest nail , and toss just this back into the can . he hand the can to the girl truckdriver you take this . this time she react quickly and take the little tobacco tin from he big hand . as she do so , the man gather as much of the lumber as he can into he arm and start out of the room . Barbara follow . they be in the live - room . truckdriver it be not gonna be too long , they be tryin' to hammer they way in here . they be afraid now . he drop he load of wood in the middle of the floor and walk over to the large front window , talk as he move . his speech be rapid . truckdriver they be scairt of fire too , i find that out 26 . his eye measure the size of the big window . he look all around the room . finally , he eye fix on the large dining table , and he move quickly toward it , talk as he move , resume he train of think truckdriver there must have be fifty ... a hundred of ‘em down in cambria when the news break Barbara watch , almost transfix . at he mention of the number of the thing , she eye reflect amazement , and frighten curiosity . the man reach the table , walk around it study its size , then hoist one end and turn it onto its side . brace it against himself , he heave on one of the leg and try to break it free . with a great rip sound , the table leg be tear off , and the man drop it onto the rug . he continue talk , punctuation he remark with vengeance on the table as he rip all the leg off . truckdriver I see this big gasoline truck , you know ... down beekman 's beekman 's diner ... and I have hear the radio ... I get a radio in my truck he wrench at the second table leg ... it crack loudly but do not come free . he move to where he jack - handle lie on the floor . truckdriver this cas’line truck come screamin’ outta the diner lot onto the road ... must be ten fifteen of they thing chasin 's it ... and it look funny to I , but I do not see the thing runnin’ behind it right away he pick up the jack -handle and hammer at the table leg . the second powerful swat frees the leg . he move on to the third . 27 . truckdriver I just see this big truck ... and it look funny , you know , how slow truck 's 1l start ... and it 's pullin’ out onto the road ... and weavin 's ... then I see they thing ... and the truck 's movin 's so slow , they be catchin 's up and grabbin 's ... jumpin 's on another table leg fall loose to the rug . truckdriver and that truck just cut right ' cross the road ... through the guard rail , you know . i be startin’ to throw on my brake , and the truck smashes into this big sign and into the pump in the esso station down there ... I hear this crash ... and that big thing start burnin’ ... and it 's still movin 's ... right through the pump stand and on into the station ... and I be stop , stock still ... and I see they thing ... and they all startin’ to back off ... some of they runnin 's ... or at least it look like they be runnin’ , but they move kinda like they be crippled ... but they keep backin off ... and it 's like ... it 's like they gotta get away from the fire ... and the guy drivin 's the truck can not get out nohow ... he get the cab of the truck plow halfway into the wall of the station ... that thing 's fryin’ he in there and he 's screamin 's ... screamin’ like hell Barbara 's eye deepen and she face wrinkle in anxiety . the continue nightmare grow more and more complex . the man swat the last leg from the table , and the table - top start to drop . he regains control of it and struggle , try to move it into the next room . Barbara automatically move to he assistance and they walk together , each burden by the heavy table . 28 . truckdriver I do not know what 's gonna happen , you know ? I mean ... I do not know what the whole place gonna explode ... or fly to piece or what 's gonna happen ... I start drivin’ for the gas station ... and the cat in the truck be screamin’ and screamin’ ... and after a while he just stop the man set down he end of the table , and wipe bead of sweat from he forehead . his breathe be still heavy from he previous exertion . he wipe he hand on he shirt . his eye be wide and angry ... it almost seem as though he might weep . 29 . truckdriver and there 's they thing standin’ back ... ' cross the road ... standin’ lookin’ like ... lookin like ... like they just come back from the grave or somethin’ ... and they be over by the diner and there 's car and buss in the diner lot , and lot of window be smashed . and it 's for sure they thing do the people in the diner in ... and more be outside , all over the place , just bidin’ they time for a chance to move in . so I start my truck up , and I barrel it right at some of they thing ... I be steamin’ down right on ‘em ( his face grow more intense with the memory ) and I get a good look at ‘em ... I see they for the first time in my light ... and then ... I just run right down on ‘em ... I just grind down , down hard as I can ... and I knock a couple of ‘em about fifty foot , flailin’ into the air ... and I just want to smash they ... crush they filthy thing . and they be just standin’ there . they be not runnin’ , they be not even tryin' to get outta the road . some of they be even reachin’ out , as if they can grab I . but they be just standin’ there , and the truck be runnin’ they down like they be bug or something 's ... they Barbara be wide - eye , stare in disgust , she hand still clutch to the table - top . she say nothing . the man see she fear and stop himself . truckdriver io ... . I be he refocus he attention on the table - top , and start to lift it again . Barbara be practically motionless . as he tug the table , she hand fall away and she slowly pull they against herself . he drag the table away from she , and she walk numbly behind , have forget to assist . she just watch the man 's face . 30 . truckdriver I be just ... I get kid , you know ... and ... I guess they 's 11 do all right ... they can take care of themselves ... but they be still only kid ... and I be bein 's away and all and perspire heavily , he tug the twist at the table - top , try to fit it through the doorframe and into the live - room . truckdriver I be just gonna do what i can and I be gonna get back ... and I be gonna see my people ... and thing be gonna be all right ... and ... I be gonna get back he have start to almost babble ... he see the girl intently watch he , and he stop . he compose himself with some effort , and start to speak a little more slowly . his voice be almost a monotone , with enforce calm , but he do , beneath he anger , seem as confident as could be expect of anyone under the circumstance . truckdriver now , you and I be gonna be all right , too . we can head they thing off . I mean ... you can just ... just smash ‘em . all you get to do be just keep you head and do not be too afraid . we move faster than they can . and they be awful weak ... and if you do not run and just keep swingin’ : you can smash ‘em . we be smarter and they be . and we be stronger and they be . we be gonna stop ‘em , okay ? the girl stare . truckdriver all we get to do be just keep we head . they look at each other for a moment , until the big man turn and pick up the table again . as he start away with it , the girl speak , quietly and weakly 31 . barbara who be they ? the man stop in he track , still support the heavy table - top and look with amazement at Barbara 's anxious face . slowly it dawns on he that the girl have never really be aware of the thing that have be happen . she have not hear the radio announcement , the bulletin ... she have be exist in a state of uninformed shock . truckdriver ( incredulously ) you be not hear nothin ? she stare blankly , silently , she eye fasten in he . her reply be she silence . truckdriver you mean you be not get no idea about what 's goin 's on here ? Barbara start to nod she answer ... she begin to tremble barbara I ... I ... her tremble increase , she begin to shake violently , and suddenly she fling up she arm and flail they about , sobbing wildly ... she begin to walk in panic , wildly and aimlessly , in circle about the room ... barbara no ... no ... no ... no I ... I can not ... what 's happen ... what 's happen to we ... why ... what 's happen ... tell I tell ... I ... .. the man grab she , shake she to bring she out of it , and she sobbing jerk to a halt , but she remain stare : right through he , she eye seemingly focus beyond he , at some far distant point ... . her speech , still nearly hysterical , become a little more coherent 32 . barbara we be in the cemetery I ... and johnnie ... . my brother , johnnie ... we bring flower for ... this man ... come after I ... and johnnie ... he ... he fight and now ... he he 's truckdriver all right ... all right ! he tighten he grip . she wrench against he . barbara get you hand off I ! she fling herself away from he , beat he across the chest , take he by surprise . but in she momentum , she stumble over a end table , barely regains she balance , and stand face the front door ... . poise as if to run out into the night barbara we have go to help he ... get to get johnnie ... we have get to go out and find he ... bring he she come toward the man , plead with tear , the desperate tear of a frighten child barbara bring he here ... we will be safe ... we can help he we the man step toward she . she back away , hold one hand toward he defensively , and the other toward she mouth barbara no ... no ... please ... we have get to ... we he take one deliberate stride for she . truckdriver now ... now you calm down you be safe here ... now we can not take no chance 33 . barbara we have go to get johnnie truckdriver now ... come on , now ... you settle down ... you do not know what this thing be ... it be not like no sunday school out there barbara please ... . pleeeese ... no no ... no she be sobbing , violently ... she word become scream . she be verge toward complete hysteria . the man struggle to calm she , she wrench from he but he grip remain , so that she arm jerk she whole body in the act of wrenching away . she stare at the man , they eye meet in a instant of calm ... but only a instant , before she scream she kick he again and again , as he struggle to pin she arm at she side and shove she against a wall . at the same time , he do not want to hurt she . with brute force , he shove she backwards , propelling she into a soft chair ... but she be up again , scream and slapping at he face . he be force to grab she again , and practically slam she into a corner . he bring up one powerful fist and punch the girl ... but she head recoil and the blow be misplace , it do not put she out of commission . but it shock she into dumb , wounded silence . he hit she again , squarely .. she eye fall sorrowfully on he and she begin to crumple ... she fall limp against he , as he support she weight , ease she into he arm . holding she , he look dumbly about the room . his eye fall on the sofa . he do not carry , but almost walk she to the sofa , permit she dead weight to fold onto it , and ease she head onto a cushion . next to the couch be a cabinet-radio . the man stab at a button , click it on ; while the radio warm up , he look around for the tin of nail , find it where Barbara have drop it , take nail and slide they into he pocket . the radio hiss and crackle with static . he return to it and search with the tuning dial . at first , just static ... then it spin past what sound like a voice , and he adjust carefully , try to find the spot . the tuner find a metallic , monotone voice 34 . radio announcer ( v.o. ) .. ergency radio network . normal broadcast facility have be temporarily discontinue . stay tune to this wave length for emergency information . you law enforcement agency urge you to remain in you home . keep all door and window lock or board shut . use all food , water and medical supplies sparingly . Civil defense force be attempt to gain control of the situation . stay near you radio , and remain tune to this frequency . do not use you automobile . remain in you home . keep all door and window lock . a long pause . a crackle . the message repeat . it be obviously a recording . radio announcer ( v.o. ) we live broadcaster will convey information as receive from civil defense headquarters . this be you civil defense emergency radio network . normal broadcast facility have be temporarily discontinue . stay tune to this wave length the big man wave he hand in disgust at the repetition of the radio and move away as it continue it 's announcement . he resume he effort with the heavy wooden tabletop . this time he drag it to the live - room window . he lean it against the wall and pull back the curtain to peer outside . there be now four figure stand in the yard . the voice of the distant radio recording continue . the figure stand very still , they arm dangle , aspect of they silhouettes revealing tatter clothing or shaggy hair . they be cold , dead thing . something in the distance suddenly startles the truck -driver . from across the road , a figure be move toward the house . the man spin himself away from the door and rush to the fireplace . he reach for he match . in the little stand near the couch , where Barbara lie unconscious , there be old magazine . the man grab they , rip page loose , and crumple they into the fireplace . he pile kindling wood and larger log , then touch the paper with a light match and a small fire take hold . 35 . there be charcoal - light on the mantle . he spray the glow fire and it whoosh into a larger blaze , almost singeing the big man 's face as he work . the larger log begin to burn . he return to the window . the record message repeat itself continuously . the man hoist the table - top to the window - sill , and brace it there while he place a nail in position . he pound with the jack - handle ... drive by desperation ... another nail ... and another . with the table secure , he check it hastily and leap to another window , where he can peer out between its nail - up board . the new figure be just reach the place where the other stand silently . the man rush to the fire , where the biggest log have now begin to blaze . he seize the discard table leg and saturate they with charcoal - light , then hold they large end into the fire until he have two good flame torch . then , a torch in each hand , he move toward the door again . he nudge a big padded armchair ahead of he to the door and , take both torch in one hand , pull the curtain aside for another look at the yard . the figure still stand silently . with charcoal - light , he drench the padded armchair and touch it with a torch . it catch instantly , and flame lick and climb , casting flicker light throughout the house . the heat on the man be severe , but he have to fight it . he lunge for the door , unbolt it , and fling it wide open . from the yard , as the door bang open , the flame chair be visible . it throw eerie , irregular illumination onto the lawn . the wait figure step back slightly . the man shove the chair through the doorway , it slide across the front porch . it topple over the edge , and the flame bulk tumble down the step onto the front lawn . in the roll motion , flame lick and fly , and small particle of the chair 's stuff leap and glow in the night wind . the bonfire rage in the tall grass . the wait figure back further away . Inside the house , the front door band shut , and the man fasten the bolt . he hurry again to the window , put more nail into the table - top , fasten it securely , then survey he surroundings , seek out possible vulnerability . ( the camera move with he see the task that lie ahead . ) 36 . there be a side window in the live room , a window in the dining room at the other side of the house , the front door and the flanking glass panel . he turn , still inspect , and he eye reflect surprise . the girl be sit up on the couch . her demeanor be startling . ( as we cut to she ) her face be bruise , and she sit in silence stare at the floor . the radio drone on . the fire play on she face , and reflect in she eye . the man take off he jacket and move toward she . he fix he jacket over she shoulder and look sympathetically into she face . she just stare at the floor . the man feel dumb and helpless . forlornly , he move to the pile of lumber , choose a table - board , and go to the side window . the radio voice continue the truck -driver board up the two side window , then move to the front door . he get a irone board , and place it across the door horizontally . it extend over the flanking glass panel leave crack at the top and bottom , but they be to small for anything to get through . he drive nail through the board into the molding and test the barricade for strength . find it sufficient , he leave it and go on to the next . in the dining - room there be two close door . he try one , find it lock , examine it and find no latch . it have be apparently lock with a skeleton key . the other door be lock and lead into a de , which contain several window . the man be disappointed at the add vulnerability . he think for a moment , then leave the room , shutting the door behind he . it be clear that he have decide to board up the door rather than try to secure the bay window . 37 . he check he remain lumber . the supply be dwindling , but he select the best piece for board the de door . he be about to start hammer when a idea strike he . he open the door again and enter the room . there be chair , a desk , a bureau ... he step to the desk and start to rummage through the drawer . he pull out paper , a stack of pencil and pen , a compass , a hundred little odd and end . another drawer ... a hundred more thing ... he leave it open . the bureau contain mostly clothing , he rip out the big drawer and hurl they through the doorway and into the dining area . one drawer ... two ... they content spilling onto the floor ... he look back at the bureau ... a final idea hit he . he shove the great piece of furniture through the door , walk it through the tight open until it clear the doorway . then the desk , which warrant another struggle , as the man attempt to secure all thing of possible value before he finally nail the door shut . in the closet , there be a lot of old clothing ; the man find a good warm coat and jacket and fling they over he shoulder . High on the shelf be pile of old box , suitcase , hatboxes , and old umbrella . he look for a instant , debate they worth , or the possible worth of what they might contain . at he foot , he see still more clutter , box , umbrella , dust , shoe and slipper . he pick up a pair of lady 's flat , and examine they , think of the barefoot girl out on the couch , and tuck they under he arm . as he pull away , something catch he eye ... within the dark recess of the closet , something shiny , the sheen of a finish piece of wood , a familiar shape , lie under a pile of dirty clothing . he reach eagerly , and he hand find what he have hope , a rifle . he set everything down and rummages even more eagerly all over the floor of the closet through shoe box , under thing , item come fly out of the closet . a shoebox contain old letter and postcard . but , in a cigar box , clatter around with pipe cleaner and clean fluid , there be a maintenance manual and a box of ammunition . he flip open the box and find it half full . he shove manual and cartridge into he pocket , then decide to take the whole cigar box full of material . he tuck it under he arm , gather jacket and shoe , and leave the room . in the dining room , he drop the load of supplies on the bureau , and the sight of the girl in the live room stop he short . she be sit as before , not move . 38 . truckdriver we be all right now ... this place be good and solid . and I find we a gun - a gun and some bullet . he look at Barbara from across the room . she do not seem to take any note of he talk . he turn to he work , but continue to speak truckdriver so , we get we a radio ... and sooner or later somebody 's 11 come and get we outta here .. we get food in there ... ( he start to board up the door to the de ) oh ... and I get you some shoe ... we will see in a minute if they fit ... and some warm clothes for you he pound at the nail . the pound and the repetition of the radio message be the only sound . the last nail in , the check for sturdiness , the big man turn toward the girl again radio announcer ( v.o. ) ernment to stay in you home . keep all door and window lock other than she upright position , the girl show no sign of life . her wide eye just stare through the floor at some point beyond . radio announcer ( v.o. ) preferably board shut truckdriver well , that 's we ... we be doin 's all right he can not smile , and with the girl not look at he he attempt be half -heart . he take up the rifle , the cigar - box , a coat and she shoe in one clumsy armful . ( as he leave the frame , the camera linger for a instant . the alcove in the dining area be cluttere with thing from the de , the large piece of furniture obscure the door that have be try and find lock ; the camera linger long enough to make this door significant . ) 39 . the man kneel with he bundle in front of the girl ; then drop the armful of material at she foot . he hold the shoe that he find in the closet . truckdriver now , let 's see ... how big you foot be look up at she , he be unable to cope with she catatonia . her stillness make he as gentle as he can be , but he converse with she , still expect she to reply and react . she do not . truckdriver come on he hold one of the shoe near she foot , wait for she to lift she leg and slip into the shoe . she be still . finally , the man take one of she ankle and fumble to put the shoe on she foot . it do not go on easily , partly because it be too small , but mostly because of she limpness , but he get it on , set she foot down and take up the other one . he succeed in get the second shoe on , and lean back on he haunch look up at she . she be stare at she foot . truckdriver well .. that 's er ... . that 's a real cinderella story , be not it ? no response . the man reach in reflex for he jacket pocket , but he have give Barbara he jacket . truckdriver hey ... . you know you get my cigarettes . he try to smile again . still no reaction . he reach toward she and he hand enter the pocket of the jacket he have drape over she shoulder . his action make the girl look directly at he , and she stare make he uncomfortable . truckdriver you get my cigarettes . he try a gentler tone , as one would try to explain some complex concept to a child . he pull the cigarettes from the pocket and settles back from she again . he fumble for a cigarette , put it in he mouth and light it , try not to look at the girl . her gaze be still fix on he face . truckdriver ( cont 'd ) ( inhaling the first puff of smoke and blow it through he nose ) ok ... now ... maybe you ought to lie down , you ( more ) 40 . truckdriver ( cont 'd ) ( fumble with the cigarette , a think occur to he and he try it ) you smoke ? he hold up the burn cigarette . her stare drop from he back to the floor . he take another drag and blow the smoke out quickly . another idea truckdriver maybe you oe ( he stop , he be get nowhere , he decide that he time have better be spend in secure the defense of the old house ) okay . his okay be more definite than he other talk , and he scoops up the rifle and ammunition . he examine the gun , dump the shell onto the floor and methodically load they , one at a time . truckdriver now , I do not know if you be hearin’ I or not ... or if you be out or somethin’ ... but I be goin’ upstairs now okay ? ... now , we be safe down here . ai not nothin’ get 's in here ... .. at least not easy ... I mean , they might be able to bust through that , but it 's gonna be some sweat , and i could hear ‘em , and I think I could keep ‘em out . later on , I be gonna fix thing good , so they can not get in no how ... but it 's good for the time bein 's you be okay here he continue to load the rifle as he speak , he cigarette dangle from he lip , cause he to squint from the smoke that curl around he eye . truckdriver now the upstairs be the only other way somethin’ can get in here , so I be gonna go up and fix that he snap the clip after the last shell , and be about to stand when he glance fall on the girl again and he try to get through one last time 41 . truckdriver okay ? you gonna be all right ? she remain silent . the man stand , tuck the rifle under he arm , grab as much lumber as he can carry , and start for the stair , the girl look up at he , and he be aware of it , but he keep move , and she stare follow . truckdriver I be gonna be right here . you be all right now . I be right here , upstairs . he start up the stair . at the top of the landing he be confront once again with the body that lie there tear and deface . he set down he supplies , and the sight of the corpse be repulsive and he try not to look at it . the body be lie half across a blood - soak throw -rug , and a few foot away be another throw - rug , with oriental pattern and a fringe sewn around its edge . the man grab the second rug and rip away one edge of the fringe . once the initial tear be make , the rest of the fringe peel away easily . he frees it and , take the rifle , tie on end of the fringe around the barrel and the other around the narrow part of the stock . this do , he sling the rifle over he shoulder . then he lean over the corpse and take hold of one end of the rug on which it lie , and begin drag it across the floor . on the landing be a long corridor with several close door . he deposit the ugly load at one of the doorway and throw open the door . Inside be a bedroom . he try the other door and find two more bedroom , one a child 's room . he begin to remove furniture into the hallway ; he plan be to afterwards board up the door . the noise of he work fill the old house ... downstair , Barbara still sit daze on the couch . the fire flicker on she face , and the burn wood pop loudly now and again . object in the room be silhouett and the atmosphere be stark . ( the camera move slowly in to she face . ) radio announcer ( v.o. ) facility have be instruct to discontinue programming stay tune to this there be a sudden buzzing sound and crackle static . then a hodgepodge of newsroom sound ( as hear earlier by John on the car radio ) : typewriter , ticker - tape machine , low voice talk in the background . the sound hold for a long while . the girl do not seem to notice . radio announcer ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ++. er ... lady and gentleman ... what ? ... yeah , yeah ... . la ... what ? yeah , I get that one what ? ... another one ? put it through 42 . radio announcer ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( the voice sound tired , but the man be able to read he report unemotionally , with the air of a professional commentator who have be cover a major event for forty - eight hour and be no longer impressed with the latest development ) radio announcer ( v.o. ) up to the minute report inform we that the ... siege ... first document in the midwestern section of the country be indeed spread across the nation , and be in fact world - wide . Medical and scientific advisor have be summon to the white house , and reporter on the scene in Washington inform we that the President be plan to make public the result of that conference in a address to the nation over you civil defense emergency network . ( a long pause by the announcer , the camera study Barbara 's face . she be inert . ) radio announcer ( v.o. ) the ... . strange ... . being , that have appear in most part of the nation , seem to have certain predictable pattern of behavior . in the few hour follow initial report of violence and death ... and apparently derange attack on the life of people take completely off guard , it have be establish that the ... alien being be human in many physical and behavioral aspect . hypotheses as to they origin and they aim have to this point be so varied and so diverse that we must only report this factor to be unknown . team of scientist and physician presently have the corpse of several of the ( more ) 43 . radio announcer ( v.o. ) aggressor , and this corpse be be study for clue that might negate or confirm exist theory . the most . overwhelming fact ... be that this ... being be infiltrate through urban and rural area throughout the nation , in force of vary number , and if they have not as yet evidence themselves in you area , please ... take every available precaution . attack may come at any time , in any place , without warning . repeating the important fact from we previous report . there be a ... aggressive force ... army ... of unexplain , unidentified humanoid being ... . that have appear ... . in world - wide proportion ... . and this being be totally aggressive irrational in they violence civil defense effort be underway ... and investigation as to the origin and purpose of the aggressor be be conduct . all citizen be urge to take utmost precautionary measure to defend against the ... .. insidious ... alien force ... this being be weak in physical strength ... be easily distinguishable from human by they deform appearance they be usually unarm but appear capable of handle weapon ... they have appear , not lead and organize army , not with any apparent reason or plan ... indeed , they seem to be drive with the urge of entrance ... or ... . or obsessed mind . they appear totally unthink ... they can .. I repeat : they can be stop by immobilization : that be , by blind or dismember . they be , on the average , weaker in strength than a adult human , but they strength be in number , in surprise , and in the sheer fact that they be beyond we normal realm of understanding . they appear to be irrational , non - communicative being ... and they be definitely to be consider we enemy in what we must call a 44 , at this , Barbara bolt from the couch in wild , scream hysteria . she run blindly toward the front door . the truck - driver appear at the top of the stair . startle , un -sling the gun , he leap down the stair . the girl be claw at the barricade , try to break out of the house , she be sobbing in wild desperation . the man be almost upon she , but she writhes out he reach , run across the room toward the maze of heape - up furniture . suddenly , from within the maze , strong hand grab she . she scream in terror . the truck - driver rush toward she , and he be startle by the sight of the other man , who be try to contain the hysterical girl . behind he , a older man stand hold a length of pipe at he side . they have come through the door that the truck -driver have try and find lock . the man hold Barbara be dress in coverall ; he be probably a farmer , he be big and powerful - look . tom ( still try to calm the girl ) it 's all right ... we be from the gas station ... we be not Barbara sag against he and sob sporadically , in shock and semi-relief . she be still nearly catatonic . the older man rush to the radio . the truck -driver just stare dumbly as Tom calm the girl and lead she to a chair where she sit very still , numb with expend emotion . the radio voice continue with its information about the emergency . the older man , Harry tinsdale , crouch close to the radio , still hold he length of pipe . harry listen . radio voice : periodic report , as information reach this newsroom , as well as survival information and a list of red cross rescue point , where pick -up will be make as often as possible with the equipment and staff presently available the big truck - driver stand stare at the two new man . he exude a air of resentment , as though the stranger have intrude on he private little fortress . truckdriver - why ... man , I 45 . tom look like you get thing pretty well lock in . truckdriver ( almost in a aggressive tone ) man , I could have use some help . how long you guy be in there ? harry that 's the cellar ... . it 's the safest place . truckdriver man , you mean you do not hear the racket we be makin 's up here ? harry how be we suppose to know what be go on up here ? it could have be that thing , for all we know . truckdriver that girl be screamin’ . now , you know what a girl sound like . they thing do not make no noise . anybody 's get to know there 's somebody up here could use some help . tom you can not really tell what 's goin’ on from down there harry we think we could hear scream , but that might have mean : that thing be in the house after she . truckdriver and you would not come up and help ? tom ( a little ashamed ) well , i.. if ... there be more of we harry that racket sound like the place be be rip apart ... how be we suppose 46 . truckdriver you just say it be hard to hear down there . now you say it sound like the place be be rip apart . you better get you story straight , mister . harry all right ! now you tell I . I be not go to take that kind of chance when we get a safe place ... we luck into a safe place , and you be tellin’ we to risk we life just because somebody need help truckdriver : somethin 's like that , yeah . tom ( not know whose side to take ) all right ... why do not we settle harry ( ignoring everything but he own line of think ) look , mister ... ( he shout this , then calm he voice for the rest of the line ) all right ... we come up , okay ? we be here . now I suggest we all go back downstairs before any of this thing find out we be in here . truckdriver they can not get in here . tom you get the whole place board up ? truckdriver ( his attitude softer toward Tom ) most of it . all but upstairs it 's weak in place , but it will not be hard to fix it up good harry you be insane . the cellar the safest place in the house . 47 . truckdriver ( lashes out ) I be tellin’ you they can not get in here ! harry and I be tellin you ... that thing turn over we car . we be damned lucky to get away at all . now you tell I they can not get through a pile of wood . tom his wife and kid 's downstairs . the kid 's pretty badly tore up . this statement take the truck - driver completely by surprise . his face soften , he exhales a deep breath . nobody say anything for a long moment . finally , the truck -driver swallow and make he point again truckdriver : well , I ... I think we be better off up here . tom : ( glancing about at the barricade ) we could strengthen all this up , Mr. tinsdale . truckdriver : man , with all we workin’ we could fix this up so nothin’ can get in here ... and we get food ... the fire ... and we get the radio . harry : we can bring all that thing downstairs with we . man , you be crazy you get a million window up here ... all this window , you be gonna make strong enough to keep they out ? truckdriver : they thing be not get no strength , man , I smashed three of ‘em push another one out the door . harry I be tell you they turn we car onto it 's roof . 48 . truckdriver oh , hell , any good five man can do that . harry that 's my point ! ++. only there 's not go to be five there 's not go to be ten twenty ... thirty ... a hundred . maybe ... you know ? once they know we be in here , the place 'il be crawlin’ with ‘em . truckdriver well , if there 's that many , there gonna get we wherever we be at . harry look , in the cellar , there 's only one door , all right ? only one . that 's the only place we have to protect . and Tom and I fix it so it lock and board from the inside . but all this door and window ... . why , we have never know where they be go to hit we next . truckdriver you get a point , Mr. tinsdale , but down in the cellar there 's no place to run ... I mean , if they do get in , there 's no back exit . we would be do for . this stop Harry for a instant . tom we could get out of here if we have to ... and we can see what 's goin’ on outside ... down there , there be not any window .. if a rescue party do come we have never know it ... window harry but the cellar be the strongest place ! 49 . truckdriver the upstairs be just as much of a trap as the cellar ... there 's three room up there , and they have to be board up like this stuff down here ... then if they do get in the window they can not get past the door ... and they be weak , we can keep they out . I get this gun now , and I do not have it before , and I still beat three of they off ... now , we might have to try and get out of here ourselves , ' cause there be not no guarantee that anybody be gonna send help ... suppose they thing come in here ... we can not bust outta the cellar , cause we open that one door and they get we tom I do not know . I think he 's right . ( he turn to the truck - driver ) you know how many 's out there ? truckdriver I figure maybe six , seven . harry look , you two can do whatever you like . I be go back down to the cellar , and you better decide , because I be gonna board up that door and I be not gonna be crazy enough to unlock it again , no matter what happen . tom wait a minute , Mr. tinsdale , let 's think about this for awhile harry nope . I have make my decision . you make yours . and you can stew in you own juice . 50 . tom ( flash anger ) now wait a minute dammit let 's think about this awhile ... we can make it into the cellar if we have to ... and if we do decide to stay down there , we will need some thing from up here ... now let 's at least consider this awhile truckdriver man , if you box yourself into that cellar , and if there be a lot of they thing that get into the house , you have it . at least up here you can outrun the thing . Tom be go to one of the window and be peer out through a open in the barricade . tom yeah , look like six ... or about ... eight his hand go to he temple , and he rub nervously , he demeanor a little shake . the truck - driver join he at the window . truckdriver that 's more than there be .. there 's a bunch out the back , too ... ( he pivot to check the kitchen ) ... unless they be the same one that be back here . he burst into the kitchen , as the fringe rifle sling snap and the weapon start to fall . he twist to keep it on he back , and try to grab it , reach behind . his attention on the gun , he do not see the door as he move toward it . he regains control of the gun and look up and stop cold . hand be reach through the break glass behind the barricade ... gray , rotting hand , scratch , reach , try to grab ... and through aspect of the glass ... the inhuman face behind the hand . the barrier be be strain , no doubt about that , but it be hold well enough . 51 . the man smashes with the rifle butt against the ugly extremity , pound ... once , twice . one of the grab hand be drive back with a shatter of the already break glass it be reach through . the rifle butt smashes one of the hand against the door molding solidly ... but the hand , unfeel of pain , continue to claw after a hold . the man slide he finger to the trigger , and turn the rifle , smash the barrel through another of the little break glass area , and two of the gray hand seize the protrude metal . a dead face appear behind the hand ... ugly ... expressionless . the man 's face look directly through the open into the dead eye beyond , the man struggle desperately to control the weapon and the zombie thing outside try to pull it away by the barrel . a brief instant when the muzzle point directly at the hideous face ... blam ... the report shatter the air , the lifeless thing be throw back , propel by the blast , its head tear partially away , its still outstretch hand fall back with the crumpling body . the other hand continue to clutch and grab . Tom have rush into the kitchen , and Harry be stand cautiously a few foot from the doorway , still in the dining area . a distant voice , that of Harry 's wife , suddenly begin to cry out from the cellar : helen Harry ... . Harry ... . Harry ... . be you all right ? harry it 's all right , helen ... we be all right Tom immediately rush to the door . the truck -driver be pound at a hand that be try to work at the barricade from the bottom . the blow seem ineffectual , as the hand , oblivious except for the physical jouncing about from impact , continue to grab . Tom leap against the door and grab the rotting wrist with both he hand , and try to bend the wrist back in a effort to break it , but it seem limp and almost pliable . disgust sweep over the young man 's face . he try to scrape the cold thing against the edge of the break glass , and the absence of blood be immediately evident as the sharp edge rip into what look like rotting flesh . 52 . another hand grab at Tom 's wrist and try to pull it through the glass . Tom yell , and the truck - driver try to swing the barrel of the gun toward the thing struggle with Tom , but another hand clutches at he even as he be try to help the young man . a hand be claw and rip he shirt ... but he focus he attention on aim the gun . another loud blast , and the hand Tom be fight jerk back , and fall into darkness . Foot against the wall , the big man force himself away from the door out of the grasp of the hand still clutching he shirt . the shirt tear away , and the thing back off , still with the fragment in its hand . badly shake , Tom just stare , through another open in the door . the truck - driver take careful aim and pull the trigger again ; the blast rip through the thing 's chest , leave 's gape hole in its back ... but it remain on its foot , back slowly away . tom oh ... good God ! panicked at the failure of the weapon , the big man level off again ... another loud report . this time the shell rip through the thing thigh , just below the pelvis . the thing still back away , but as it try to put weight on its right leg it fall to a heap . the two man just stare in disbelief . the thing be still move away , drag itself with its arm and push against the ground with its remain leg . tom mother of God ... what be this thing ? the truck -driver wet he lip , take a deep breath and hold it , carefully sight down the barrel of the rifle again . he pull the trigger . the shell seem to blow open the skull of the crawl form , and it fall backwards . truckdriver damn ... damn thing from hell ( his voice tremble as he let out he hold breath ) outside , the thing that have fall limply , without the use of its eye , move its arm in grop , clutching motion , seemingly still try to drag itself away . helen ( from the cellar ) Harry ... . Harry ! 53 . after a moment of silence , the truck - driver turn from the door . truckdriver we gotta fix this board . he start to move to gather supplies , when Harry speak . harry you be crazy ... that thing be gonna be at every door and window in the place . we have get to get into the cellar . the big truck -driver turn to Harry with absolute fury in he eye . his voice be deeper in he rage , and more commanding . truckdriver go ahead into you damn cellar ! get outta here ! the shouting stop Harry for a instant , then he adamancy return . he have decide that he will go into the cellar without the other if need be and be now prepare to gather he supplies . harry I be take the girl with I . he move toward the refrigerator in the kitchen , but the big man step in front of he . truckdriver you keep you hand off of she , she 's stayin’ here with I . Harry be stop again for a moment . then he move toward the refrigerator again . truckdriver ( cont 'd ) and you do not touch none of that food . ( more ) 54 . truckdriver ( cont 'd ) ( his grip be still on the gun , and though he do not point it at Harry , we be aware of the power it imply ) now if I stay up here I be gonna be fightin’ for what 's up here and that food and that radio and all this be what I be fightin’ for . and you be stone dead wrong ... you be just wrong , you understand ... now , if you be makin 's it to the cellar get you ass movin 's ... go down this stair ... . and get out of here , man . and and ... do not mess with I no more harry ( turn toward Tom ) the man be crazy ... he 's crazy ... we have get to have food down there ... we have a right truckdriver this be you house ? ( he know it be not ) harry we have go a right to .. truckdriver ( confront Tom ) you goin’ down there with he ? tom well truckdriver no beatin’ around the bush you goin 's or be not you ? this be you last chance . there be a long moment of silence . Tom then turn to the older man tom Harry ... . I think he 's right . harry you be crazy . 55 . tom I really think we be better off up here . harry you be crazy . I get a kid down there . he can not take all the racket , and that thing reach through the glass . we ’1ll be lucky if he life as it be now . truckdriver ( more impersonal than ever before ) okay . now you be he father . if you be dumb enough to go die in that trap , it 's you business . but I be not dumb enough to go with you . it 's just bad luck for the kid that he old man 's so dumb ... . now get the hell down the cellar ... you can be boss down there ... and I be boss up here ... and you be not takin 's none of this food , and you be not takin 's nothin’ . tom Harry ... we can get food to you ... if you want to stay down there ... and harry you bastard ! helen ( from the cellar ) Harry ... Harry ! Harry look toward the cellar door , look back at the two man , then quickly move toward the door . harry you know I will not open the door again . I mean it . tom we can fix this up here . with you help , we could harry yeah ... . well I think you be both nut ... with my help ! 56 . truckdriver ( to Tom ) let he go , man , he mind be make up , now let he go . Harry look for a moment , then lunge for the cellar door , open it , and slam it behind he ... sound of he footstep go down the step tom ( rushes to the door ) Harry , we would be better off up here ! the truck -driver tie the break fringe back onto the rifle , then begin to reload the gun , replace the spend shell . tom ( shout through the door ) Harry , if we stick together , man , we can fix it up real good there be place we can run to up here we hear sound of Harry board up the door . the truck - driver strap the gun to he shoulder again , then turn and move toward the upstairs . in pass , he glance fall on Barbara . he step backward off the stair and look at she . the radio have take up again with the monotonous record message . tom Harry ... we have be better off if all three of we be workin’ together ( sound of Harry 's barricade ) tom we will let you have food when you need it ... ( he glance warily at the truck - driver , half - expect reprisal for this ) +». and if we knock that thing might be chasin 's we and you can let we in barricade sound stop . footstep can be hear as Harry walk down the cellar step . Tom listen awhile , then retreat , disappointed and worried about the lack of Harry 's effort in the defensive measure that must lie ahead . 57 . the truck -driver be with Barbara , stooping beside she chair ; she stare into a unsee void . the big man soften at see she . truckdriver hey ... hey , honey . he brushes she hair back from she eye . tear well up and it almost seem as though she might acknowledge he tenderness , but she do not . the man feel very sorrowful , almost as he would feel for he child when it be sick . he massage he forehead and eye , tired from fear and exertion of the past hour . he bend to cover the girl with a coat that he have bring from the de , then step away and feed the fire , and stir it to keep the blaze good and warm , the primary concern in this effort be for the girl . behind he , tom walk up , truck -driver sense he presence truckdriver he 's wrong , man . Tom be silent . truckdriver I be not boxin’ myself in down there no how . ( he finish with the fire and rise to go upstairs , to continue he work there ) we might be here several day we will get it fix up ... he 'il come up ... he be not gonna stay down there very long ... he 'il wanta see what 's goin 's on ... or maybe if we get a chance to get out ... he ’1ll come up . he turn and go up the stair the cellar , with its stark gray wall and dusty clutter , seem cold and damp . cardboard carton tie with cord and a hang grid of pipe-work all look dirty in the subdued light of bare light bulb . the carton take up must of the space ; they vary in size from grocery box with fade brand name to large pack crate that might have contain furniture . the wash machine , a old roller type , sit off ina corner of the cellar near a makeshift shower stall . ( more ) 58 . truckdriver line for drying clothes be strung over the pipe-work so low that Harry have to duck under they as he walk from the stair to the other side of the confine quarter . there be stationary tub and a old metallic cabinet against one of the wall . Harry 's wife , helen , be at the faucet over the tub , wetting a cloth with cold water . she look up as Harry enter , but be more interested in what she be do at the moment . she wring out the cloth and take it to where a young boy , they son , lie motionlessly atop a homemade worktable . on a peg - board above the table be hang tool and cable , and build into the table itself be drawer that probably contain smaller tool , screw and bolt , washer , etc . the woman move a little stiffly in the coolness of the cellar . she be wear a dress and sweater , while a warmer coat be spread on the table under the boy , its side flop up and over he , cover he leg and chest . the woman bend over she son and wipe he head with the cool cloth . Harry quietly walk up behind she . she concentrate on caring for the boy and pull the coat more securely around he . helen ( not look up ) he have a bad fever . harry there 's two more people upstairs . helen ( still primarily concerned with the boy 's comfort ) two ? 59 . harry yeah ( a long pause , then half - defensively ) I be not about to take any unnecessary chance . helen be silent . harry how do we know what be go on up there ? Harry nervously reach to he breast pocket for a cigarette . he produce a empty pack and , see that it be empty , crumple it in he hand and pitch it to the floor . he step over to the worktable where there be another pack , snatch it up , and it too be empty . with the same crumpling action , he discard this pack , violently this time , the action spin he into a position face he wife and boy . she continue to quietly swab the boy 's forehead . Harry stare at they for a moment . harry do he seem to be all right ? helen be silent . the boy be motionless . he be sweat to the point where bead of sweat be form all over he face . Harry wait and , see no answer forthcoming , change the subject . harry they be all stay upstairs idiot ! we should stick together ... it 's safest down here . he go to he wife 's purse and rummages through it 's content . he pull out a pack of cigarettes , rip the pack open , and fumble for a cigarette . he light it and drag in the first puff deeply . it make he cough slightly . harry they do not stand a chance up there ... . they can not hold that thing off forever ... there 's too many way they can get into the house up there helen remain silent . on the floor , next to the workbench , be a small transistor radio . Harry 's glance fall on it and he stab at it , scoops it up and click it on . 60 . harry they have a radio on upstairs must have be civil defense or . I think it 's not just we , this thing be happen all over . the radio pick up nothing but static . Harry play with the tuning dial , listen anxiously , but across the receive band the transistor just hiss . Harry hold the radio up and turn it into various position , try it for reception , spin the tuner as he go . still nothing but hiss . he walk around the room with still no result . harry this damned thing still just static . helen stop wiping the boy 's forehead and neatly fold the cloth , and drape it over she son 's brow . she gently place she hand on the boy 's chest and look over toward she husband . he move impatiently around the cellar , he cigarette dangle from he lip , wave the little radio around in the air . the radio just emit static at vary level . helen Harry he continue he fidget with the radio . he go near the wall and stair , hold it high and still spin the dial . helen Harry ... that thing can not pick up anything in this stinking dungeon ! her rise tone of voice stop he ; he turn and look at she . about to cry , she bring she hand to she face . she bite she lip , and just stare at the floor . look at she , Harry let he anger take hold of he , but he cannot think of word . his face twitches , he emotion search for some vehicle or expression , until he pivot violently and fling the radio across the room . 61 . harry ( shout ) I hate you ... right ? I hate the kid ? I wanna see you die here , right ? in this stinking place . my god , helen , do you realize what 's happen ? that thing be all over the place ... they will kill we all ... I enjoy watch my kid suffer like this ? I enjoy see all this happen ? helen 's head jerk toward he . she look at he with what be almost vengeance . helen he need help ... he need a doctor ... he 's ... he 's gonna maybe die here ... we have to get out of here , Harry . we have to . harry oh , yeah ... let 's just walk out . we can pack up right now and get ready to go , and i will just say to that thing , ~ Excuse I .. my wife and kid be uncomfortable here ... we be go into town . 's for god 's sake ... there 's maybe twenty of that thing out there . and there 's more every minute helen there 's people upstairs . we should stick together you say . be we fight with they ? upstair , downstairs ... what 's the difference ? maybe they can help we . let 's get out of here ... . let 's go upstairs ... let 's do something ... . let 's get out of here a pound sound interrupt she . they listen . the sound be come from the door , at the top of the stair . tom harry ! ( from outside the door ) 62 . more pound . Harry just stare up at the door , and do not answer the call . tear well in helen 's eye . more pound . helen look at Harry . when he do not respond , she get up and go for the stair . helen yes ... yes , Tom ! Harry , run after she , grab she shoulder from behind and stop she . helen Harry ... Harry ... it 's Tom Ryan . tom ( through the door ) Harry ... we get food , and some medicine and thing from up here Harry stare up at the door speechlessly . tom there 's gonna be a thing on the radio ... in ten minute , Harry ... a civil defense thing ... . to tell we what to do . helen ( look up at the door , shout ) we 're coming up ! we all be up ina minute ! harry you be out of you mind , helen . all it take be a minute that thing get in up there and it 's too late to change you mind ... do not you see that ? can not you see that we be safe as long as we keep that door seal up ? helen I do not give a damn ! I do not care , Harry ... I do not care anymore ... I want to get out of here ... go upstairs ... see if someone will help we ... maybe Karen will be okay 63 . her shouting stop and she take control of herself . she step toward Harry and speak in a calmer tone , almost plead . helen Harry ... please ... for justa minute ... . we will go up and see what 's up there ... we will hear the radio , and maybe we can figure some way to get out of here maybe with all of we we can make it , Harry . Harry , he adamancy weaken somewhat , take a cigarette form he mouth , exhaling the last puff , and drop it to the floor . he rub it out with he foot . the smoke come in a long stream through he purse lip . startlingly , Tom 's voice penetrate again . tom Harry ! ... . hey , Harry ! ... Ben find a television upstairs ! come on up ... we will see the civil defense broadcast on tv helen ( soothingly , to Harry , she tone in attempt to relieve the onus Harry must feel in go against he original decision ) come on ... let 's go up ... there 'il be something on tv that tell we what to do . you can tell they I want to come up . harry ( acquiescing , but with stolid misgiving , he eye fasten on she ; he pronounce he word with what be almost menace ) all right ... this be you decision ... we will go up ... but do not blame I if we all get kill 64 . her eye fall away from he , and she lead as they go up the stair . the cellar door swing open . helen and Harry step into the hallway . falter , they peer through the entranceway into the live - room . Harry , stand behind he wife , be hostile . partially due to anger with himself because he have renege on he decision about the cellar . helen , too , be over - wringht , due to the emotional effect of the recent argument and to the fact that she be about to meet strange people in a anxious circumstance . but only Tom and Barbara be in the live -room , and Barbara , overcome with nervous exhaustion , be sleep fitfully on the couch . tom we can see the broadcast , I think ... if the tv work . I have to go help ben . helen have go immediately to Barbara , look down at she sympathetically , brushes back she hair and pull the overcoat around she shoulder . helen poor thing ... she must have be through a lot . Harry , during this moment , have be flitting anxiously all over the house ... from door to window to kitchen to live - room ... . check out the actual degree of security and worry about imminence of attack at any second . tom ( to helen ) I think she brother be kill out there . BEN ( yelling somewhat peeve , from upstairs ) Tom ... hey , Tom ! be you gonna give I a hand with this thing ? Tom startles , aware of he procrastination , and bolt for the upstairs to help Ben . Harry , pause momentarily in he anxiety come over to where he wife be look after Barbara . helen her brother be kill 65 . harry this place be ridiculous . there 's a million weak spot up here . ( we hear sound from upstairs of Tom and Ben struggle with the television set . they be make they way down the step ) helen I do not care ... there 's people up here . why do not you do something to help somebody ? Harry , not really hearing she , be stare once more into the gloom outside . harry I can not see a damn thing out there ! there could be fifty million of that thing , I can not see a thing that 's how much good this window do we the truck -driver , who with Tom have reach the landing with the heavy television set , have hear the last part of Harry 's remark . he glower even as he move with he end of the burden , but say nothing , as he and Tom gingerly deposit the tv in the center of the room . they hunt for a outlet , find it , then slide and walk the set until the cord be close enough to be plugge in . Ben kneel behind the set to plug in the cord . harry wake that girl up . if there 's go to be a thing on the tube , she might as well know where she stand . i do not wand anybody 's life on my hand . helen Harry ! ... stop act like a child ! 66 . BEN ( on he foot , finish with plugging in the set ) I do not want to hear anymore from you , mister . if you stay up here , you will take you order from I ... and that include leave that girl alone . she need rest ... she 's just about out of she head as it be now ... now we be just go to let she sleep it off . and nobody 's go to touch she unless i say so Ben stare Harry down for at least a moment , to ascertain that he be at least temporarily silence , then he hand plunge immediately to the television set . he snap it on , the occupant of the room jockey for vantage point , and there be a bait few second of dead silence as they all wait to see if the set will actually warm up . all eye be on the tube . a hiss begin , increase in volume , Ben crank the volume all the way . a glow band appear and spread , fill the screen . helen it 's on .. it 's on ! there be murmur of excitement and anticipation . but the tube only show nothing . no picture , no sound . just the glow and hiss of the tube . Ben 's hand race the tuning dial through the click of the various station . harry play with the rabbit-ear ... we should be able to get something . Ben fuss with horizontal and vertical , with brightness and contrast . on one station , he finally get sound . he adjust the volume , the picture tumble , he play with it and finally bring it in . full - screen be a commentator , in the middle of a news report ( the people in the room settle back to listen . ) tv commentator assign little credibility to the theory that this onslaught be a product of mass hysteria . authority advise utmost caution until the menace can be bring under absolute control . eyewitness account have be investigate and document . ( more ) 67 . tv commentator corpse of vanquish aggressor be presently be examine by medical pathologist , but autopsy effort have be hamper by the mutilate condition of this corpse . Security measure institute in metropolitan area include enforce curfew and safety patrol by armed personnel . citizen be urge to remain in they home . that who ignore this warning expose themselves to intense danger from the aggressor themselves , and from armed citizenry ... whose impulse may be to shoot first and ask question later . ( during the telecast , there be mix feeling and reaction , but this response be sporadic and infrequent . predominant mood of all involved be to learn as much as possible from the telecast . ) tv commentator rural or otherwise - isolate dwelling have most frequently be the objective of frenzied , concerted attack . isolate family be in extreme danger . escape attempt should be make in heavily - armed group , and by motor vehicle if possible . appraise you situation carefully before decide upon a escape tactic . Fire be and effective weapon . this being be highly flammable . escape group should strike out for the nearest urban community . manned defense outpost have be establish on major artery lead into all community . this outpost be equip to defend refugee and to offer medical and surgical assistance . Police and vigilante group be in the process of comb remote area in search and destroy mission against all aggressor . this patrol be attempt to evacuate isolate family . ( more ) 68 . tv commentator but rescue effort be proceeding slowly , due to the increase danger of nightfall and the sheer enormity of the task . rescue , for that in isolate circumstance , be highly undependable . you should not wait for a rescue party unless there be no possibility of escape . if you be few against many , you will almost certainly be overcome . the aggressor be irrational and dement . they sole urge be the quest for human flesh . sheriff conan W. mcclelland , of the county department of public protection , be interview minute after he and he vigilante patrol have vanquish several of the aggressor . we bring you now the result of that interview . ( fade and segue to video - tape interview ) open on wide shot . a night scene . dense wood . post guard maintain the periphery of a small clear . sporadic gunfire can be hear in the distance . some of the man smoke , some talk in group . the area be illumine by a large bonfire . sheriff mcclelland be the focal figure , mcu , so that as he talk we catch glimpsis of activity in the background . he be shouting command , supervise defense measure and the burn of the body , at the same time try to answer reporter 's question . we cut or zoom closer . mcclelland be pace around , not straying too far , because a lavaliere microphone be hang on a cord around he neck . the crackle of the bonfire , the shout and the bustle of activity can be constantly hear behind he commentary . as he talk , he frequently turn away , he primary concern be he effort in deal with the aggressor and control he search party . mcclelland ( take up with a previously - ask question ) yeah ... well , this be rough country for a evening hike ( he smile ) +. but thing be not go too badly . the man be take it pretty well . we kill nineteen of ‘em today , right around this general area . this last three we find try to claw they way into a abandon mine shed . nobody in there .. but this thing just pound and claw , try to bust they way in ... ( more ) 69 . mcclelland it 's funny in a way ... must have think there be people in there ... we hear the racket and come and blast they down reporter what 's you opinion , then ? can we defeat this thing ? mcclelland there be not no problem .. only problem be whether we can get to ‘em before they kill off all this people . but I and my man can handle ‘em okay ... we be not lose nobody , or suffer any casualty . all you gotta do be shoot for the eye . you can tell anybody out there ... all you gotta do be draw a sharp bead and shoot for the eye ... or beat ‘em down and lop they head off . reporter then I have have a decent chance even if I be surround by two or three of they ? mcclelland if you have yourself a club ... or a good torch .. you could hold ‘em off or burn ‘em to death . they catch fire like nothin’ ... go up like wax paper ... but the best thing be to shoot for the eye ... do not wait for we to rescue you ... ' cause if they get you too far outnumber you have have it ... we be doin 's we best .. but we only get so many man and a whole lot of open country to comb . reporter but you think you can bring thing under control ? 70 . mcclelland we get thing in we favor now . it 's only a question of time . we be not for certain how many there be of they thing ... . but we know that when we find ‘em we be able to kill ‘em . so it 's a matter of time ... they be weak ... but there 's pretty many of ‘em do not wait for no rescue party . arm yourself to the tooth , get together in a group , and try and make it to a rescue station that 's the best way ... but if you be alone you get to set stock still and wait for help ... . and we will try like hell to get there before they do ( scene fade , segues back to live announcer ) mcclelland ( emphasize he point , even as scene fade out ) tell ‘em to shoot for the eye ... that 's 1ll stop this bojobber ! commentator you have hear sheriff conan W. mcclelland , for the county department of public protection . this be you civil defense emergency network , with report every hour on the hour for the duration of this emergency . remain in you home . keep all door and window lock . do not under any circ ( Ben reach over and click off the television ) tom why have you click it off for ? BEN the man say they only come on every hour ... . we hear all we need to know . we gotta get out of here . 71 . helen he say the rescue station have doctor and medical supplies if we could get there , they could help Karen . harry ( scoff ) how be we gonna bust outta here ? we get a sick kid , two woman one of ‘em outta she head and three man . and there 's a million of they thing outside . tom willard should have a checkpoint there ... about seventeen mile from here . BEN ( excite ) you from here ... you know this area ? tom yeah ... I be workin’ in the cemetery across the road ... I be the caretaker ... two of they thing attack I and i hightaile it over here ... find everybody wipe out ... not too long after , this other people fight they way in here ... I be scared but I open the basement door and let they in . ( unbeknownst to everybody else , Barbara have be sit up , listen ; now she speak , startling they and gather they attention . she have come down from she hysteria , but be very weak . ) barbara you work in the cemetery ? ... my brother be over there . helen you poor thing ... ( rushes to Barbara , comforting ) my boy be hurt too . we have to get toa rescue station ... the television tell we ... we have to try and escape . 72 . harry well , I think we ought to stick right here ... and wait fora rescue party . he say if you be few against many you do not have a chance ... we can not tramp seventeen mile through that thing BEN we be not get to tramp . my truck 's right outside the door . this stop Harry . there be a moment of silence . BEN but i be just about out of gas ... there 's a pump near the shed outside , but it 's lock . tom ( become more enthuse , see possibility ) the key ought to be around somewhere ... . there 's a big key - ring in the basement . harry ( jump up ) I be gonna go look ... the key be label ( he bolt for the cellar ) BEN be there a fruit-cellar ? harry yeah ... why ? BEN we be gonna need lot of jar we can make molotov cocktail scare that thing back ... then fight we way to the pump and gas up the truck . tom we be gonna need kerosene . there 's a jug of that in the basement too . helen Barbara and ican help . we can rip up sheet and thing . harry ( clomp up from the cellar ) here 's the key-re . the pump key be mark with a piece of tape . BEN good ... that settles that question ... but we should take a crowbar anyway ... in case the key do not work . the crowbar can double as a weapon for whoever go with I . but I do not want to get all the way out there and find out the pump will not open tom I will go ... you and I can fight we way to the pump ... the woman can stay in the cellar and take care of the kid . we should have a stretcher ... . b Barbara and helen can do that BEN Harry , you be gonna have to guard the upstairs . once we inboard the door , that thing can get in here easy . but I and tom have to get in , too , after we get back here with the truck . you have get to guard the door , and unlock it for we . then we will board it up as fast as we can , ' cause that thing be gonna come fast on we heel if we do not get back , well then you will be able to see from upstairs , and you can barricade the door again and go to the basement ... you can sit down there and wait for a rescue party . harry I want the gun , then . it 's the best thing for I to use . you be not go to have time to stop and aim . BEN ( adamantly ) I be keep this gun ... nobody else lay a hand on it ... I find it and it 's mine . 73 . 74 . harry you do not care what happen to us ... . how do we know you and Tom will not just take the truck and cut out ? BEN ( glowering , with control anger ) that 's the chance you have to take . if we cut out , you 's 1ll have you goddamn basement . like you have be cry about all along . helen we be go to die here ... if we do not all work together . barbara my brother 's out there ... maybe we can get he and bring he back . he 's just wounded he ’1ll be okay helen ( understand ) that 's okay , honey ... . we will be all right ... maybe you brother will be , too BEN let 's get busy . we have get a lot to do , if we be gonna bust out of here . he be on he foot , take command . we fade out of the scene fade into new scene , completion of escape preparation . Tom be pour kerosene into fruit jar , helen be dip twisted rag fuse in kerosene in the bottom of a dish . Barbara come from the kitchen with more jar , drying they on the outside and put they on the table . she and helen begin work the kerosene soak fuse through hole which Tom have cut in the jar lid . between they be a crude stretcher , make of broomstick and tear sheet , this presumable for the wounded girl , Karen . the television be off , but the radio drone lowly , repeat the record message ... the radio be on as a monitor only , that they may work and still keep up with news that my affect they situation . 75 . barbara I do not know what to think about my brother ... we have to get out of here ... maybe we will find he in willard ... maybe he be able to crawl to the car ... and get away helen we have to think of ourselves now ... it 's hard for you ... but it 's all we can do ... my girl be get worse too ... I have to get she to a doctor harry ( come over , check the stretcher , make sure the makeshift strap will hold ) broomstick and belt - buckle and old sheet , it seem to hold okay ... I always hate the boy scout tom it will be okay ... be there anything open upstairs ? harry some window in the room . ben be unfasten the door now . tom we will throw the cocktail from upstairs ... just splash the whole area with they ... that should keep most of they away while we make a break for the truck . helen we be ready ... here come Ben now ( hear he come down the stair ) Ben , the gun strapped around he back , be carry a crowbar and claw-hammer . he walk around check preparation , smile at Barbara , glad to see she 's a little better . 76 . BEN thing be ready up there . now I and tom will un - board the front door ... Harry , you take the two woman upstairs . carry the molotov cocktail with you ... soon as the door 's unbarred , we can throw that thing all over the place ... make sure they catch fire good ... then the woman bust down here and get in the cellar . do not forget the stretcher when we hear you footstep on the stair , I and tom 'il be go . it will be up to you , Harry you have gotta watch this door get yourself a good length of pipe ? harry I have a pitchfork . BEN good ... okay . Tom and Ben go over to the door . the other gather fruit - jar , etc. , and sneak quietly to the un-boarded room upstairs . Tom and Ben be leave alone . Tom be soaking a table - leg in kerosene , ready to light it for use as a torch . they fall to work on the door ... the painstake work of quietly undoing the barricade . they do not want to give alarm to the lurking thing outside . with crowbar and claw -hammer , very carefully , both man work on each separate piece of lumber , they undo the barricade . each nail - creak be a menace . they be alert to the constant danger . they finish , and watch , posting themselves anxiously by the door . shadowy figure lurk in the dark outside . Tom and Ben wait for the molotov shower to begin a cry be hear , a window fly open , the first fiery blaze light in the yard . more follow , some aim for the creature themselves . one of two catch fire .. the other start to back away ... the entire field be light up bomb shower from upstairs . harry ( shout , from upstairs , slamm the door to the room he be in ) that 's all , Ben ... run for it ! 77 . his voice echoe , as Tom and Ben burst into the yard . they be armed with torch , and with the gun . they leap into the truck . Tom plunge a torch into the chest of a attacker , who immediately catch fire and go down to blaze , clutching the torch the truck start up , and careen , in a u-turn for the old shed . attacker fall away as it start out . Ben aim , fire several shot , most miss as the truck jounce toward the gas pump across the yard . but one creature go down , at the front of the gas pump near the old shed . Tom and Ben leap out . attacker be start to make they way to they from across the yard . Tom fumble with the key to the lock pump . Ben shove he back , hurriedly aim the gun , the gun fire , blow the lock to piece ... . Gas spurt all over the place ... creature advance ... gas still spurting , Tom cram the nozzle into the mouth of the gas tank in the back of the truck . Ben crouch and level off with he weapon ... a approach attacker go down but more be come on ... Tom 's torch have inadvertently set fire to the douse truck ... the flame begin to lick and spread ... the attacker gather in force .. ever closer ... Tom leap into the flame truck , it skid and lurch across the yard ... Ben shout , to no avail the flame truck speed away , drive by the panicked Tom ... several of the thing be upon Ben ... he thrashes and pound they with torch and gun ... ignore Tom , he have to try and fight he way back to the house . from inside the house , the panicked and cowardly Harry , have see only piece of the action . he have be darting back and forth from door to window , try to see what have be happen outside ... from he viewpoint , the escape attempt have meet with total doom . he have see the truck catch fire , drive away by Tom . Ben appear to be overwhelm . Harry run again to the door . he see the truck , completely in flame , speed away from the house , toward a small rise . back to the kitchen window ... . Ben be about to be overcome ... thing all around he Harry do not see , as Tom jump from the burn truck to be seize by attack ghoul . the truck continue unmanned over the far rise ... and explode violently ... the noise and flame shatter the night ... several ghoul be at the front door , try to beat they way into the house . from inside , Harry be in complete terror . he can not hold out ... all be lose ... he panic and bolt for the cellar 78 . but Ben have slugge he way through the attacker on the porch ... he be pound for admission at the front door . he turn , and with a powerful lunge , kick the last attacker off the porch . on the rebound , he plow he shoulder against the door . it crash open , the lock break , and Ben burst through in time to catch Harry at the cellar door ... but there be no time . Ben frantically turn to re-board the door . his eye meet Harry 's for a instant ... then they both fall to work . they board up the door ... they be temporarily safe ... they turn and look at each other , sweat stream from each face ... .. Harry know what be come . Ben 's fist crash against Harry 's face ... he be drive back , one punch follow another , until Ben corner he , clenching he lapel , against the wall ... Ben 's word spit out , each work punctuate by a additional slam of Harry against the wall BEN you ... rotten ... next .. time ... you try something like that .. I x11 kill you Ben slam he one final time , and he slide down the wall , crumple on the floor . his face be swollen , he be stream blood . Ben be already at the cellar door BEN ( pound ) come on up ! it 's we ... it 's all over ... Tom be dead ! fade out . the survivor be gather in the live - room . Barbara and helen be slump on the sofa . overwhelm mood of hopelessness and despair . Harry sulk in a corner , he head sling back , he face swollen , he be hold a ice - pack against he eye . his good eye follow Ben , who be pace about the room , when Ben 's pace take he to the kitchen , or to some area out of Harry 's sight , the good eye nervously relax . Ben 's movement make virtually the only sound , he be check the defense , by force of old habit rather than hope . the rifle be sling on he back . for a long time , we well on the scene , on the absolute dejectedness of the prisoner within the barricade house ... Ben pace from door to kitchen to window , he start to go upstairs , stop , check himself , go to the door again ... he look at he watch 79 . BEN ten minute to three ... there will be another broadcast in ten minute nobody say anything . Ben pull back the curtain , he eye grow suddenly wide , but he watch for a long moment . ( we see he view of the outside ) there be many ghoul , lurking in the shadow of the hang tree . some of the thing be in the open , much nearer to the house than they dare come before . remains of char body be dimly apparent in various part of the lawn . but Ben 's eye be fastened on a more grisly scene at the edge of the lawn , in the moonlight , several ghoul be devour what be once Tom ... . they rip and tear into aspect of he body ... .. ghoulish tooth bite into Tom 's arm and hand ... Ben stare fascinate ... and repulse with a convulsive movement he finger release the curtain ; he turn , shake , and face the other ... bead of perspiration drip from he forehead . BEN do not ... do not anyone of you look out there ... you will not like what you see Harry 's good eye fasten on Ben , watch he , satisfy and contemptuous to see the big man weaken . Ben move for the television , click it on . Barbara 's scream pierce the room . Ben leap back from the television ... . she be on she foot , scream , uncontrollably . barbara we will never get out of here none of we ! ... we will never get out of she alive ! johneee ! johneee ! ... oh ! ... oh ! god ... none of we ... none of we ... help ... oh god god ! before anyone can move to she , she choke up as suddenly as she begin , and slump , sobbing violently , to the couch . her face bury in she hand . helen try to soothe she , but great sob come wrack from deep within ... she grow gradually quiet , the sob diminish , but she remain slump on the couch , she face cover with she hand . helen cover she with the overcoat but the action seem futile , Barbara make no movement whatsoever . 80 . Ben allow himself to sink very slowly into a chair in front of the tv . Harry 's good eye go from Barbara to Ben . his eye fasten on the gun , which Ben lower butt first to the floor and lean across he leg . Ben thread he arm through the fringe sling , and maintain he grip on the fore-piece . Harry watch . helen ( get up , announce ) I be go to the cellar to take care of Karen . ( she bend over , place she hand on Barbara ) come on honey ... come and talk to I ... it 's 1ll make you feel better but Barbara make no response . helen turn and start for the cellar door , she have to squeeze past Harry 's chair . furtively , he eye on Ben , Harry touch she and pull she towards he . she , too , watch Ben , she know something be up , Ben remain transfix before the tv , he be lose in think , he mind drift somewhere ... there be nothing on the screen just a dull glow and low hiss over scan line and static . he have turn the set on too early . harry ( whisper , cautiously and quickly to helen ) I have get to get that gun ... we can go to the cellar ... you have to help I he have let the ice- pack come away from he eye . we see its swollen , blacken condition and the desperation n he face . Ben still gaze at the tv . worried about the possibility that Ben might catch they in the act , and not really sympathize with Harry , helen pull away , but she lean she face to Harry 's and whisper quickly helen I be not go to help you : have not you have enough ... he have kill we both . she go to the cellar , and on the way have to pass behind Ben 's chair , she hesitates , she eye fall on the gun , the sling be wound around Ben 's arm . we study she face , it be not clear whether she would have take it or not . but she make no attempt . she open the door and go down into the cellar . Harry 's eye follow she as she leave . 81 . as helen reach the bottom of the cellar stair , she look up , and she face show startlement ... a shake smile she daughter be sit up , propped on she elbow , on the workbench table . helen Karen she start for she , but stop ... there be something strange ... she face turn slowly toward she ... we see the ghoulish look in she eye ... she be dead . she begin to rise slowly , terrifyingly , she feature grotesque the coat that be she blanket begin to fall away ... she eye stare through helen ... . and beyond she ... slowly , agonizingly , she raise herself from the table helen , terrify , begin to back away , across the cellar , she hand fall on a knife , she child creep toward she she move a large pack crate , try to block she path ... try to stave the confrontation ... but she be too late ... she spring . it appear as though the knife will be drive into she breast . but , on the spring , we cut to the upstairs ... where , simultaneously , a scream pierce the room . a assault have begin , the thing be beginning to break into the house . they have get into the de ... and be hammer at the barricade door ... the wall be start to come apart Ben be on he foot , try to reinforce the barricade ; with hammer and crowbar , he work furiously BEN Harry ! Harry ! ... . give meat hand over here ! Harry come over , behind Ben , and instead of help , rip the gun from Ben 's back . holding the gun on Ben , Harry back toward the cellar . Ben turn around , panicked , the thing be break into the house ... BEN what be you up to man ? we have get to keep that thing out ! harry ( back away ) now we will see who 's go to shoot who ... I be go to the cellar ... and you can rot up here ... you crazy bastard 82 . his hand go behind he to the cellar door ... but at that moment the ghoulish Karen leap upon he with great thud ... Karen be at Harry 's throat . Ben be able to grab the gun ... he level off , try to hit the kid ... but a sudden wrench of the two struggle body ... and Ben miss ... Harry scream ... a great clot of blood appear at he chest ... clutching the wound , he begin to go down ... he fall through the entranceway to the cellar stair ... he reel , grab the banister and begin to descend ... . we see he view as he fall reeling ... head - first down the stair ... . Ben meantime ... have flung the kid , Karen with one heave against the wall ... but thing have break into the house ... . everywhere , the barricade be come apart . Barbara , with the hysteria of revenge , have flung herself into the attack . she smashes a chair against one of the aggressor ... it go down ... she smashes and smashes it ... on the floor ... until there be nothing leave of the chair ... she come up , still swinging , fight with Ben against the thing that have come into the house . it be quite apparent that they can not hold out ... the attack rage ... they be overwhelm ... Ben grab Barbara and pull she after he toward the cellar ... she be lash and swinging , beat at a attacker , even as he drag she away Ben fling open the door to the cellar ... and helen be at he throat ... he bring the gun up between they struggle body until the muzzle be against she throat , and squeeze the trigger ... .. she be blow halfway across the room ... Ben and Barbara run down the stair . but Harry be sprawle in a pool of blood on the floor ... . he be dead ... but beginning to rise ... Ben push Barbara back ... she turn she head away ... Ben raise the gun and we study this as three evenly - space shot rip the room ... Ben be almost glad to kill Harry ... he turn to Barbara , breathe hard ... she collapse against he , and begin to sob .. we hear faint pound against the barricade cellar door . but it be hold . the creature can not get in the screen be black . there be the sound of bird fainter sound of dog ... human voice ... fade up quickly sunrise ... . the morning after the siege . the sky be clear ... the rise sun be bright and warm ... there be dew on the high grass of a meadow . Men with dog and gun rework they way up form the wood that surround the meadow . we do not see the posse at first , we merely hear they sound ... shout ... muffle talk ... panting and strain of dog against leash sheriff mcclelland 's posse . a few man , some with german shepherd on leash , finally come up out of the wood and onto the edge of the sunlit , dewy meadow . the wet grass have dampen the boot and trouser - leg of the man . mcclelland be perhaps the third man up from the surround thicket . he be a heavy man , mustach , breathe hard because of he weight and the difficult job of lead the posse through the night . he be armed with shotgun and pistol , and a belt of ammunition strung over he shoulder . he pause , look back into the wood , and mop perspiration from he brow with a ball - up dirty handkerchief mcclelland ( shout back at the man still work they way toward the clear ) come on ... let 's step lively now ... never can tell what we will run into up here he accost a man just climb out of the wood . the man wear a improvise sweat - band , carry a rifle and side - arm , and have a walkie-talkie strapped on he back . mcclelland you keep in touch with the squad -car , George ? GEORGE ( breathe hard , adjust the strap and burden across he back ) yeah ... they know where we be . they should be intercept we at the house mcclelland good ... this man be dog - tired ... they can use some rest and hot coffee ... ( he look back , to the man move up from behind . he shout ) let 's push along , now ... the squad car 's 1ll be wait with coffee and sandwich at the house 83 . 84 . the man push on across the field ... Inside the house , Ben and Barbara have be doze on chair in the basement . Ben wake abruptly , think he have hear something , but he be not sure ... . he sit up and listen more closely ... from far off , there be the sound of a dog . Ben listen for a long time , but hear nothing more outside , the meadow have become the apron of a cemetery , the one Barbara and John have come to with the flower for they father . the posse be advance , thread its way among the grave- marker . a man find John 's skeletal remain near the spot where he have fall . down a dirt road , and up a short grade , be Barbara 's car , with the smashed window . mcclelland look like this guy 's car poor fellow ... never hada chance the man pass through the cemetery , and over the wall , where several squad car be wait on the road . there be also one or two motorcycle patrolmen . one of the man dismount and hail mcclelland . patrolman hi , connie ... how 's thing goin 's ? mcclelland advance and shake hand , stop awhile , mop he brow again . the man begin to catch up and regroup . the posse fill the bend in the narrow road . mcclelland sure glad to see you fella , Charlie ... we be at it all night ... but I do not want to break ' till we get to the house over there ... we might be lollygaggin’ around whole somebody need we help . we will see first , then stop and get some coffee wee patrolman anything you say , connie see 85 . Inside the house , Ben have sneak up to the top of the cellar stair . he listen there , very intently , not want to open the door because creature may still be in the house . this time , for sure he hear gunshot ... and mumble sound of what must be the voice of approach man . there be even what sound like a car engine ... Ben bolt excitedly down the stair . Ben wake the girl . BEN Barbara ... barb ... here , honey ... there 's man outside ... I can hear they they must be here to rescue we ... outside , we see the cause of the gunshot . the posse be flush out ghoul from the pump-house and surround area . the squad car have drive up . the posse be advance across the lawn , guardedly , toward the partially - destroy old farmhouse . the man crouch and sneak up slowly , keep they eye fastened on the house .... a loud sudden noise stop they ... they watch , stop in they track . mcclelland shoot for the eye boy ... like I tell you before ... always aim right for the eye ee ee Inside , ready to shoot or swing , Ben have slam open the cellar door . the force of he shoulder against the door have carry he into the live - room ... . nothing only the ramshackle and destruction form the recent siege . he edge he way through the twisted wreckage and overturn furniture toward the front door . there be no light in the place . his hand find what be leave of the curtain . he pull it back and start to peer out ... but ... a shot right out ... . Ben reel , drive back a circle of blood on he forehead , right between he eye Barbara 's scream be hear , from downstairs simultaneously , mcclelland shout , he face flushed with anger mcclelland damn it , what have you shoot for ? I tell you to be careful ... there might be people in there : 86 . man who fire the shot naw , this place be demolish , there be not nobody in there patrolman I be sure I hear a girl 's scream ... from the basement , maybe several man have advanced to kick in the front door . they step back and peer cautiously inside . they face search the room ... a patch of sunlight from the open door fall partially on Ben . he be dead . the man look down at he , but step past he toward the cellar . they do not know he be a man . from the cellar , they hear muffle sob . mcclelland enter and begin to inch he way down the stair . mcclelland anybody down there ? ( he shout ) he draw he pistol , inch he way down the stair . at the bottom , he confront Barbara , sit wide - eye ina chair . mcclelland raise he pistol , aim it for she head ... but something stop he ... a tear in she eye he lower the weapon mcclelland it 's all right man ... come on down ... it 's just a girl down here ! he go to Barbara , bend over she , look at she , begin to help she up close scene , with title and credit . Burning of body in the yard of the old house . perhaps the burn of the house itself . in the background , against scene of mcclelland drape he jacket around Barbara and bring coffee to she lip , we see Ben 's body on a stretcher , carry by two man ... they lift it into the rear of a station - wagon mcclelland it 's too bad ... a accident the only loss we have , the whole night . titles and credit ( http://home.comcast.net/~axlish/notld68scriptframes.htm)