nightbreed written by clive barker fade in : scene 1 . title sequence darkness . then , a burst of spark from a bowl hold in a scaly hand . the light show we a mural . we start to move along the wall . first we see star and planet , paint in a primitive , stylize fashion on bare rock . a voice on the track speak softly to we . voice : we do not always live in hide . we have come to the image of a huge family tree , which spring from a single seed but divide into two separate halve . on the leave , rule by the moon , the branch blossom into extraordinary creature . on the right , by sunlight , the branch end in ordinary human being . upon the word nightbreed the title come up on the screen , against the image of a moon paint on the wall . scene 2-2k deleted 2l. ext . reed night cut to a real moon . then cut wide to a moonlit landscape , through which the camera careen madly . the soundtrack , which be lush and almost sacred in the mural chamber , erupt into a tribal rhythm . we glimpse creature in the darkness , move through the reed . they be barely more than silhouettes . we see tooth , and gleam eye ; glimpsis of naked , pattern flesh . only glimpsis . 2m . int . mural chamber cut back to the mural chamber . now we have move away from the tree to a more brutal scene . a symbolic representation of a great apocalyptic war between natural and breed . terrible scene of destruction . voice : but the natural make war on we . they fear we for we strength . they envied we power . they call we monster , kill we by whatever mean they malice could invent , find in each of we we particular vulnerability . we be scan scene of that war . a breed be stake like a vampire . another be shot like a werewolf . another expose to sunlight . voice : none of we be safe . the tribe of the moon dwindle . we god be slaughter , we home destroy . it be the apocalypse . 2n . ext . necropolis wall and gate cut back to the landscape . the cloud roil above the head of the creature head through the reed . we see they destination now . a huge wall , with gate . 2p . int . mural chamber and back to the mural chamber , and a final scene . the gate we have just see be in the painting . look over they , call the breed in , be a vast indistinct form : that of baphomet . his eye burn ; he arm be open in welcome . voice : only one of we god survive the holocaust . baphomet . wound and near death , he summon we , the last of the last , into hide . into midian , where we wait now . the battle be over but not the war . there will come a saviour . now we have move beyond the image of the gate into a new patch of wall on which the picture be only vague sketches . we can interpret some of the image nevertheless : a man with a bloody hole in the middle of he chest . a man wear a mask like a skull . we linger on a faceless figure . voice : his name be cabal . he will lead and give we back the night . we be the tribe of the moon . we be the nightbreed . the title end . 2q . ext . necropolis wall and gate cut back to the landscape . now we be at the gate , and the creature slip through and away into the mist . only one , a beautiful , ferocious female call shuna sassi remain , turn to look at we . she beckon . shuna : come ... the camera retreat from she . shuna : will you not come ? now the last of the creature , the drummer , take she by the arm , snatching she away through the gate . as she disappear , the camera follow again , stop at the gate themselves , which close with a unearthly din . CUT to : 2r . int . loris apartment night c.u. on boone , close eye . he be dream . his gaze rove beneath he lid . lori 's lip come into shot kissing first he eye and then travel down he face to he mouth . lori : boone ... wake up . boone 's eye flicker open . lori : hi. you ok ? boone : yep . now boone 's eye be fully open . he sit up . look towards the open window . night beyond . she kiss he , distracting he from the sight of the window . lori : you want something to eat ? boone : sure . what time be it ? lori : nine-thirty . I be let you doze . boone : think you would wear I out , huh ? lori smile , and kiss he , then cross the room to the kitchen area , pick up some fruit , and a knife , carry both back to where boone be lie on the bed . it be unmade . both lori and boone be lightly dress , clothes casually throw on after a afternoon lovemake . lori : you know what ? boone : what ? lori : we should get out of Calgary for a few day . just take off . boone : anywhere special ? lori : somewhere we can be alone together . boone : more alone than this ? lori : yeah . just you and I . no work . no telephone call . no ... boone : bad dream . lori : no bad dream . boone : how do you know ? lori : I know . I always know . it 's no big deal . boone : I be go around in some crazy loop in my head . lori : you be not crazy . boone : no . lori : say it like you mean it . boone : I believe it . I be not crazy . but I want this damn dream out of my head . he get up and go to the window . boone : decker 's start call I again . lori : when ? boone : all last week . every day . lori : what do he want ? boone : I do not know . I have not call he back . lori : if he can help , see he . tell he it 's all go but the bad dream . boone : they be not bad . that 's what 's weird . the more I have they the more I like they . now I do sound like a crazy , right ? lori : no . you sound like the man I love . a little haunt , maybe , but the sanest man I ever meet . boone : keep go . lori : will you see decker ? boone : you think I should ? lori : where 's the harm ? you tell he from I , I be the only thing you should be dream about . boone : I do not think he would get it . he never have a wet dream in he life . lori : I do not want to be compete with thing I can not see , boone . can not share I do not want to be always feel that something 's pull at you . boone : I be not go anywhere , lori . except with you . lori : I can not hear that often enough . boone : I will never leave you . not ever . I swear . he kiss she , passionately . boone : can not remember a time when I do not love you . lori : how about before we meet ? boone : even then . they kiss again . we move past they into the darkness outside the window . dissolve to the moon , clear cloud . scene 3-15 deleted 16 . ext . rickman house night a pleasant house in a pleasant neighborhood . light burn inside . 17 . int . rickman house night Melissa rickman emerge from the lounge , with a dagwood sandwich , a work in progress . she be thirty - five , and go to seed in a gentle way . her husband , Lou rickman , a similar type , be plant in front of the television . melissa : okay , you want ham , cheese , pickle , mustard ? lou : all of the above and a brewski , thank you . melissa : you be get porky , Lou . lou [ amiable - try to grab she ] : I be comfortable . I like myself fat . I like you fat too ... melissa [ secretly amused - she hush he ] : keep it down , Lou , you will wake the munchkin . she hear something upstairs , go to the foot of the stair , look up . her eldest son , Lou two , waddle into view . he 's five . lou two : mommy ... melissa : sweetie , you be suppose to be beddy - bye . lou two : I hear something . melissa : what do you hear ? lou two : bad man . melissa : no , everything 's okay . you go back to bed , munchkin , I will be up to see you in a minute . lou [ v.o. ] : how 's that sandwich come ? melissa : come ... Melissa disappear from the bottom of the stair . 18 . int . rickman kitchen night Melissa enter , move out of sight . we stay at the door . a figure appear dress in black , knife in both hand , and cross to leave the screen again . we do not see he face . but we hear he labour : the sound of the blade slice Melissa . she stagger into view , grab hold of she slit throat . blood bubbles between she finger . the figure appear behind she . she turn , as the knife descend . 19 . int . rickman lounge night Lou hear a sound , rise and move towards the kitchen door . lou : Melissa ? at the top of the stair , Lou two watch wide - eye . 20 . int . rickman stair night Lou two 's p.o.v . - we see blood run along the highway . 21 . int . rickman kitchen night Lou reach the kitchen door and see Melissa laid out , dead , on the kitchen table lou : oh God - GOD ! Lou enter , the figure emerge from behind he . while we remain at the door watch , detach , Lou fight back , throw himself back and forth around the kitchen . but the figure be much stronger . we glimpse its face now , it be a mask , with a zipper for a mouth and button for eye , blank . devoid of compassion , hatred or regret . a death 's head , make by a mad child . atop the stair , Lou two listen . his baby sister cry in she cot . he look she way then back downstairs . the sound cease . silence . terror on he face . then the child 's perfect nightmare appear at the bottom of the stair . the figure , heavy knife in hand , start to climb , drag Lou 's bloody body after he by the hair . dissolve to : 22 . scene deleted 22a . int . boone's apartment night empty . the phone ring . we move towards the answer machine , which click on . boone [ on tape ] : hi. please leave a message . lori [ through phone ] : boone , pick up will you ? boone ? be you there ? boone ? okay , so do not answer . see you tomorrow ... g'night . 23 . scene deleted 24 . ext . rickman house night Three patrol car , a ambulance , policeman restrain a small crowd gather outside . a n.d. sedan roar up , red bubble light flash , and Inspector Joyce get out and move towards the house . he 's greet by the Medical examiner , Dr burton , just exite , carry a medical bag . burton [ bitter ] : brace yourself , Inspector . joyce : same profile ? burton : unmistakable . do not miss a trick . joyce [ anguish ] : kid ? two kid ? burton : if it 's any comfort , they go quickly . joyce : yeah . make I feel a whole lot better about the sick fuck . burton : find this guy , Joyce . they say this guy want to be catch . I think this one like it too much . a rookie patrolman stand on the doorstep , on the verge of tear . joyce [ gently ] : let 's get this tourist back , Officer . policeman : yes sir . joyce [ to burton ] : if we can not protect the kid , what the hell use be we ? 25 . scene deleted 26 . ext . sunrise the sun climb above the horizon , behind the cityscape of Calgary . another day begin . 27 . scene deleted 28 . scene deleted 29 . int . dr decker' office day Close on a pile of tape , mark with date over a period of two year . they're on decker 's desk . decker : I have be listen to the tape of we session . all two year ' worth ... we move from the tape to decker , who get up from he desk and move around to the other side . boone be sit on the other side of the desk , he posture far from relaxed . he hate this room . as decker move , we take in the various picture on the wall . dance picture , photograph of decker with civic dignitary , crippled child etc . boone : why ? decker : most of my colleague would have walk away from a case like yours . the most they would have do be drug you . but you ... you intrigue I . all the talk of monster . and midian . remember midian ? boone : that be not I . I hear about midian from other people . decker : but you make it part of you private mythology . boone : I suppose I do . it be a place of refuge . decker : when you imagine yourself be take off to this invent city , to midian , what crime be you go to be forgiven ? boone 's look uneasy now . he wipe sweat from he upper lip . boone : you know what I use to dream . decker : yes . there 's a remarkable consistency in the image you see . great detail . almost as though the violence be real . boone : they be just bad dream . midian do not exist . monster do not exist . decker : but murder do , boone . murder 's very real . it may start in the mind , but it end up change to flesh and blood . he pick up the envelope we see in he previous scene , and take the photograph out . decker [ cont . ] : two day ago the police bring I some photograph . they want to know if I have any patient who might be capable of what 's in this photograph . I be go to show you they . be you ready for that ? boone nod . decker lay the photograph on the table . boone pick they up . we get glimpsis of what they contain . domestic horror . bloody scene of corpse catch by the camera in grotesque position , slice up and bleed . boone 's breath quicken . decker [ cont . ] : when you talk about murder on the tape , I think it be invention . now I be not so sure . boone keep stare at the picture . the glassy eye stare hard at he . his breathe be now rapid and shallow . one or two of the image seem to move . body twitch . he drop the photograph . boone : I do not ... decker : do not what ? boone : they be bad dream . decker : what you describe in you session be very specific . house ; face ... boone : I do not remember . decker : you want to hear ? boone : no ! decker pick up the photograph . boone , highly agitate , get up and pace the room . boone [ cont . ] : you think I do this ? decker : six family kill over a two year period . all within drive distance of Calgary ... boone [ fury ] : do you think I do this ? decker : I hope to God you do not , for both we sake . we have come a long way together . I do not want to believe this any more than you do . boone : but you do . decker : I would not put we through this pain if I do not ... if I be not ... afraid you have . boone [ desperate ; helpless ] : what do I do ? God , tell I what to do . decker : I can only go so far on you behalf . patient confidentiality 's one thing . protect a killer be another . boone [ break down ] : Jesus ... Jesus ... Jesus ... decker return to he desk . put the photograph down and pick up a vial of prescription pill . he cross to boone . decker : listen to I . take this , they will help . go home , and consider what we have talk about . I be go to give you twenty - four hour to go to the police and answer they question of you own accord . that 's as long as I can give you . if you have not comply by then , I be afraid I will have to tell they what I know . boone grab the pill . decker [ cont . ] : I can not tell you how sorry I be ... 30 . scene deleted 31 . scene deleted scene 32 , 33 deleted 34 . int . decker' build hallway day boone exit into the hall , force open the vial of pill , swallow a couple , shaking , try to control he terror . 35 . int . decker' office day decker sit at he desk , lift he briefcase , open it , toss the folder of photograph into the case . look into the case he seem on the verge of some powerful emotion . rage ? revulsion ? he snap shut the briefcase . the emotion pass . 36 . int . boone's apartment day boone enter the apartment , he eye wild . he slam the door and close he eye . SHOCK CUT to : 36a . murder photograph / boone's hallucination boone study the photograph in he hand , and they come to life . 37 . scene deleted 38 . scene deleted 38a int . boone's apartment day boone open he eye . 39 . scene deleted 39a . int . boone's bathroom day boone chew the pill . he be now sweat and shaking violently . boone strip off he clothes . 40 . scene deleted 40a . int . boone's apartment afternoon boone open he drawer and pull out photograph , he passport etc and start to make a pile with they . he pour lighter fuel on the picture , and watch they burn . sitting against the wall still sweat he take some more pill . we see lori 's love letter burn and hear she voice speak the word as they be consume . boone cry . then he hear lori 's voice say : lori : boone ... lori be sit on the edge of the bed . boone look round , see himself against the wall and move forward past the real boone towards the bed ... boone watch as he and lori make love on the bed . we close in on the love-make . lori lean to kiss he . boone : I will never leave you ... cut back to boone , he face all grief . boone : stupid . CUT to : 40b . int . boone's bathroom afternoon boone 's hand pull the shower curtain aside and turn on the water . the water pour on he . 41 . hallucination another of the murder scene come to life . corpse pulse with hideous animation . 42 . int . boone's bathroom afternoon with a cry boone slide to the shower floor , panting , haunt , destroy . boone [ faintly ] : ... I do it ... I do it all ... 43 . int . boone's apartment evening behind he , the last of the fire flicker . he look through the blind at the sunset . take another pill . put on he leather jacket . exit . the door slam . 44 . scene deleted 45 . int . nightclub night lori be on stage , sexy , vivacious , front a tight C &amp ; W band in a hip rendition of ' johnny be angry ' . 46 . int . nightclub night lori 's p.o.v. look though the crowd in front of the stage . lori spot boone stand near the entrance , he face in shadow . her eye light up with joy as the song build to climax . it end . applause , cat whistle , foot stomping . lori 's in heaven . she look out again . boone be go . 47 . ext . highway night boone step into view by the side of the road , watch the traffic . intercut : 48 . int . nightclub corridor night confused and worried , lori stand in the empty corridor , a note boone have leave for she in she hand . boone edge out closer to the road . spot a huge semi with a fully load trailer barrel down towards he . lori open the note and read : ' keep this . burn the rest . all wrong . ' tear burst from lori 's eye . boone fling himself in front of the oncoming truck . CUT to black : fade in : 49 . int . hospital emergency room night a blaze of light . a bustling emergency receive area . a stern nurse go through the pocket of boone 's jacket , which be lie beside he on a gurney . his eye be close , face and T-shirt bloody . she fish out the vial of pill . boone moan , open he eye . nurse lucky you be in one piece , fella . boone [ realize where he be ] : ...ca not even kill myself ... nurse : there 's a cheerful think . [ to a approach doctor ] I do not know what kind of fuel he 's use , but this guy 's cruise at about 35,000 foot . the doctor take the vial of pill , check the label . open boone 's eye , shine a penlight flash on the pupil . boone recoil . Doctor take he pulse . doctor : you do not hit that altitude on lithium carbonate . let 's get the prescribe doctor on the line ... [ finally - to boone ] okay , we be do all right , be not we ? tell I , what have you be take tonight , partner ? boone : lithium ... the doctor open the vial , look at a handful of the pill . doctor : lithium ? this be not lithium , my friend . [ to the nurse ] let 's move he . observation , let 's get a iv , valium / saline , 200 milligram percodan for pain , as need ... [ quietly - hand the pill to the nurse ] we will have to call this in . she nod . with considerable effort , boone sit up urgently and grab the doctor 's hand , hold the pill . boone : what be I take ? doctor [ patronize ] : easy . we do not know until we run some test . look like some kind of lab quality psychotropic hallucinogen . you be on what we use to call a ' bad trip ' there , buddy . you relax now , you be gonna be fine . the doctor and nurse ease boone back down onto the gurney . the doctor move away . the nurse pull back the curtain and roll boone across the hall into a semi-private room 50 . int . semi - private hospital room night from emergency behind they , a warning buzzer sound . voice [ through loudspeaker ] : code blue ! code blue ! in a emergency room cubicle , a patient be have a seizure . the nurse rush off , leave boone . intern roll the cardiac cart towards the cubicle and curtain close around the scene . the door to boone 's room swing close , shutting out the sound . boone exhales heavily . close he eye . narcisse [ v.o . ] [ mutter - half mumble ranting ] : shit ! shit ! take I , why do not you take I ? boone open he eye . look across the room at narcisse , a wild man , half - derelict , half - punk , bloody , he hand bandage , pace back and forth like a cage cat , stare out of a large picture window at the night . 51 . ext . hospital window night look in at the brightly light window frame in the dark building , as narcisse restlessly move across it , peer outside . 52 . int . semi - private hospital room night narcisse [ low and anxious ] : they have go , they have go , they be here , they be come for I , where would they go ? shit ! boone : hey ... narcisse [ turn on he - viciously ] : shut up , shut up ! they see you , they will not come while you be here , they will not show themselves to the like of you , do not you see that ? boone [ placate - know the type ] : sure , okay . narcisse : shit ! I have miss they , I have miss they ! you scared they off , you keep they from I ! narcisse pace again , start to sob and sniffle . boone lean back . narcisse [ cont . ] [ barely audible - between cry ] : ... midian ... midian ... boone 's eye open like a shot . boone : what do you say ? narcisse : I say shut up , you want to ruin everything ? boone leap to he foot , grab and easily overpower the smaller man . boone : what do you say , just now ? narcisse [ suddenly friendly ] : what do you say , just now ? boone : you say midian . naricsse [ coyly ] : do i? maybe ... boone [ hurt he - desperate ] : what do you know about it ? narcisse : it 's where the monster go . it take away the pain ... narcisse reach he hand into he pocket , then come out with long , silver , razor - sharp artificial nail , curve like hook , attach to he thumb . he hold they right at boone 's throat , ready to cut . he smile . narcisse [ cont . ] : ... what do you know about it ? boone [ pause ; cautiously ] : they forgive you there . narcisse : uh-huh . ever kill anybody ? boone : yes . narcisse : see , they only take you if you be worthy . you know what they do to that that be not worthy ? boone shake he head . narcisse draw one razor - nail lightly across he own throat . a thin trickle of blood run down he neck . he chuckle . boone : it 's real . midian 's real . [ narcisse nod ; carefully ] and you know ... where it be . do not you ? we could go there ... narcisse : they send you . they send you to take I . boone : that 's right . but first I need to know ... you have to tell I ... where it be . narcisse : it 's a test ? [ boone nod ; narcisse lean in to he - whisper ] no map . boone : but you do know . do not you ? narcisse [ look around ; lean in again ] : North of athabasca . East of peace River . near shere neck , north of dwyer . satisfied , boone release he , go back to the bed , collect he jacket . narcisse [ cont . ] [ exhilated ] : you will take I with you , I be worthy , you ask anyone , I know you would come , they send you to take I , I be wait . I know , I know , first I have to show you , that 's how it work . boone be look out of the window in the door , size up he escape . boone : show I what ? narcisse : my true face . that 's what there be for . [ he raise he blade thumb ] so you can see . I be not a natural man . underneath I be a monster , that 's how it work ; I show you , then you take I with you ... he put the blade to either side of he face . we hear the skin pop . boone : no ! blood pour from narcisse 's face , as he trace the outline of he face . 53 . int . emergency room night Dr decker , who 's just arrive with Lieutenant Joyce and two policeman , be speak with the doctor that examine boone . decker [ urgent - show boone 's file ] : ...he be a abandon child , raise by the state , first diagnosis of incipient schizophrenia at thirteen , juvenile delinquency , periodically institutionalized through early adulthood ... some violent episode , never criminally charge as a adult , he 's be in my care for less than a year ... a bloodcurdle scream from the semi-private room rivet the attention of the emergency room 54 . ext . semi - private room night follow the nurse and a intern as they burst into the room and be greet with the sight of narcisse , blood run freely , rip the least of he scalp off he bare skull , laugh and cry maniacally . boone stand near the door , horrify . narcisse [ variously ] : take I ! take I ! i'm a monster ! nurse [ over - to boone ] what the hell have you do ? boone : nothing ! intern : Fucking junky ! [ at the door - yell into the corridor ] Doctor ! as the door swing open , boone look out into the corridor and at the far end of the emergency room he see decker and the cop look he way . Medical support move towards the room , as the nurse and intern try to contain the ranting narcisse . boone grab a loose doctor 's coat off the back of the door , slip it on and back out of the room . boone : let 's get some help in here ! pandemonium . narcisse scream , as a half - dozen people struggle to subdue he . as help continue to rush into the room , boone slowly back away , out and around a corner . he stop beside a swinging door , sense something . 55 . ext . semi - private room night Dr decker move through emergency towards the mêlée , stop on the other side of the swinging door , he sense light up with alarm . he slowly turn to the door . pushes it open . empty . 56 . ext . hospital night boone move rapidly away from the exit into the parking lot , toss off the white coat , break into a run . he try several car door , find one open , get in . 57 . int . car night with a rush of adrenal intensity , boone expertly rip open a under panel of the dash , locate and patch together the correct ignition wire and hot-start the car . close the door . put it in gear . 58 . ext . hospital parking lot int . car night boone slowly drive out of the lot try not to attract the attention of the fleet of patrol car siren wail , pour into the area . dissolve to : 59 . ext . freeway night boone drive up a entrance ramp and onto the highway , past a sign that read : ' highway 2 / NORTH ' dissolve to : 60 . int . hospital emergency ward night Dr decker , a few policeman and medical personnel wait outside the door lead to the semi-private room . Lieutenant Joyce exit and a surgeon follow a moment later . decker : what 's he say ? joyce : he 's talk but he 's not make any sense . something about a place call midian . surgeon : he 's die . I think he want to die . pause . the surgeon move on . decker [ unobtrusively - to Joyce ] : Lieutenant , I know boone , I know how he talk , how he manipulate . perhaps if the right thing be say to this man it will trigger something ... joyce [ consider ] : no harm in try . decker : I will do my best . but I will need privacy . decker enter the room . 61 . ext . semi - private room night look in through the room , we see decker cross the room to the bed where narcisse be lie . decker say something to the nurse . she exit . decker move closer to the bed . he reach into he pocket for something and move out of we sight . dissolve to : 62 . ext . highway / int . cab night / day montage - boone drive through the night , and the follow day , through a landscape which become increasingly more desolate . dissolve to : 63 . ext . road sign late afternoon the road sign read : ' dwyer - 56 mile ' boone 's car speed past . dissolve to : 64 . ext . dirt road outside midian day boone 's car roll to a stop . boone step out and look at something in the dust . a batter sign . it read : ' midian / population 63 ' there be no sign of life . boone : no ....oh no ... [ in despair ] no ! his shout echos . the wind blow up a cloud of dust around he . he walk through the dust , on the verge of tear . and then ... the dust clear , and he see ... intercut : 65 . ext . necropolis day necropolis , lie on the other side of a thick expanse of reed . puzzlement overtake despair . he squint to see more clearly ... the necropolis be vast . High wall , surround by reed , with the top of mausoleum , show above it . almost a fortress town . boone start towards it . 66 . ext . necropolis gate day the sun be low in the sky , the light golden glint off the gate . the reed sigh . boone push one of the gate open and step inside . his footstep echo , unnaturally loud in this city of the dead . to either side of he , elegant and elaborate mausoleum , run away into the distance , with numerous small tomb set around and between they . the sun finally sink out of sight . its final glow die on the top of the mausoleum . there be already star overhead . boone walk on a little way , as the night sound begin . exhausted , he sit down on a tomb and lean back against the stone . boone [ softly - a bitter irony ] : Dead ... all of the dead ... he rummages for a cigarette in he jacket pocket . pull one out . light it . the flame seem to excite sound around he . he look up . the walkway be empty in both direction . there 's a guttural sound at he back . he stand , drop the cigarette , back away . from the darkness behind he step a huge form . a knife be put to he lower belly . its wielder , kinski , be a massive man , face distort , he feature grotesquely bifurcate . kinski [ whisper ] : move and I gut you . boone stay still . the growl from between the tomb become word . voice [ from the darkness ] : you get he ? kinski : I get he . a reptilian hand reach out and pick up boone 's drop cigarette . boone : midian ? be you from midian ? kinski : we should take he below , peloquin . the silhouette of peloquin , a be - creature , move between the tomb . he draw on the cigarette . by its brighten point we glimpse a extraordinary face : more animal than human , but no recognizable species . peloquin : he 's not nightbreed . he 's Natural . boone : no ! I have kill people , I be like you , that 's why I be here ... peloquin : shut the fuck up . you be meat . kinski : if we eat he we break the Law . boone : my God ...my God , it 's true ... peloquin : of course it 's true . everything 's true ... [ he start to emerge from the shadow ] God 's a astronaut . Oz be over the rainbow . and midian 's where the monster live . and you come to die . boone : I do not ... do not come to die . I come to be with you , I be one of you . peloquin reach out and touch boone 's chest . peloquin : no. sorry . I can smell innocence at fifty yard . boone : I have kill people . Fifteen people . peloquin : who tell you that ? boone : what do you mean ? peloquin : he lie , asshole . he lie . you be a Natural . and that mean ... you be meat for the Beast . peloquin growl , throw he head back and forth with a strange grace , the image flicker as he do so . boone watch , amaze . in the blur of peloquin 's motion he transform , the tentacles on he head lengthen and thicken , thrashing around as though they have a life of they own . he move towards boone , take hold of he and tear he T-shirt open . kinski : we must not . it 's the Law . they will exile we ... peloquin : fuck the Law ! I want meat ! he bite boone 's neck , tear at he flesh . kinski : peloquin , no ! kinski take the knife from boone 's belly and push peloquin aside . boone slip away from they . peloquin : damn you ! he race after boone , who run blindly , he hand press to the wound on he neck . 66a . ext . necropolis night the breed listen . we track run foot past the grille , and move close into grille , drop through a dark rock face . 67 . scene deleted 67a . int . below midian in the deep darkness face look up . the face be strange and freakish . there be a woman lock in the embrace of a dark monster . a monstrous baby cry . 68 . ext . necropolis night boone take refuge against a mausoleum wall . he take he hand from the wound on he neck . it be throbbing like a live thing , spread across he muscle . he stare down at the wound , then touch it lightly . it give he pleasure . a sound above he . he look up . peloquin be climb down the mausoleum wall , mouth open wide to take off boone 's head . boone throw himself forward as the jaw snap shut , miss he by inch . he run . kinski appear in he path . for a instant boone think the game 's up ... kinski : that way ! the gate 's that way ! boone sprint . 69 . int . below midian the monster watch and listen . 70 . ext . necropolis gate night peloquin push kinski aside and pelt after boone , who be at the gate . he fling himself through , and slam it behind he . peloquin be at the gate , when kinski come up behind and restrain he . kinski : he 's go , give it up ! you do not dare go out there ! peloquin stare at boone through the gate . pant , sweat , boone stare back . snort with frustration , peloquin recede , he and kinski disappear into shadow . boone heave a sigh of relief , turn from the gate and trudge away into the darkness , when suddenly . . . 71 . ext . outside necropolis gate night harsh light hit boone from every side ; police car in the reed all around , they searchlight focus on he . two dozen cop , all levelling firearm . joyce : freeze ! right there ! boone squint against the glare . joyce [ cont . ] : Aaron boone , you be under arrest . hand on you head ! now ! boone take a step back . the wound on he neck throbs and swell . at the edge of the light , decker appear , step towards he . decker : boone , listen to he , it 's no use ! joyce [ to decker ] : stay back ! decker [ lower he voice ] : Lieutenant , I can bring he out . he will listen to I . Joyce ponder , then signal he forward . decker advance toward boone . decker [ cont . ] : boone , it 's all right , I have explain everything to they . rifles be cocked on every side . decker stop a safe distance from boone . decker [ cont . ] : they will not harm you , I give you my word . boone [ hang back ] : I do not do it . I do not hurt anyone ... decker [ lowering he voice ] : of course you do not . boone : you ... you believe I ? decker : you would not hurt a fly . [ extend a hand ] come on , boone . it 's safe , I have see to that . boone [ take a tentative step forward ] : what , what about the pill ? decker [ pause ; whisper ] : what about they , boone ? boone : they be not tranquillizers ... a look of alarm cross decker 's face . boone read it . he get the picture . boone [ cont . ] : you set I up ... you bastard , you set I up ! he lunge for decker , who turn and throw himself to the ground as he yell . decker : he 's get a gun ! joyce : FIRE ! the bullet fly . boone be about to pounce on decker when he 's hit by a barrage , throw back , riddled with bullet . on the ground , decker cover he head . boone go down . the volley end . 72 . ext . necropolis night the sound of gunfire echoe through the walkway . 73 . int . below midian in the shadow , a baby hold in the arm of a woman with monstrous but beautiful feature , begin to cry . 74 . ext . outside midian night Joyce hear the sound of cry and look up . boone 's body lie on the ground . decker rise , hearing the distant sob on the wind . 75 . int . below midian the mother hush the child , she arm , which be tentacles , wrapping around it . 76 . ext . outside midian night the sound of cry be lose . Joyce move forward , towards decker and boone . joyce [ try to convince himself ] : ... just the wind . he reach decker , look down at boone 's body . look around . joyce [ cont . ] : where 's the gun ? decker [ seemingly dismay ] : he reach into he jacket ... I think I see it , I swear ...oh God , boone ... joyce [ quietly , to some cop , meaning boone ] : get he outta here . 77 . ext . necropolis night we track towards a tomb , on which the epitaph read : ' GOD be merciful ' fade out : fade in : 78 . int . morgue / viewing room night move with lori , flanke by Dr burton the pathologist , and a grim Joyce . they enter a smaller room . burton flip a switch . curtain part in front of a thick glass panel , revealing a small , sterile view chamber . in the chamber be a morgue attendant and , lie on a stainless steel table , boone 's body . lori look at the body with heartbreaking sadness . she nod . burton close the curtain . lori and Joyce exit . on the other side of the glass , the attendant roll boone on the table towards a door mark ' pathology ' . 79 . int . interview room night Dr decker sit alone , look into he briefcase . the door open , lori and Joyce enter . decker close the briefcase , rise , aggrieve , take both of lori 's hand in he , speak soothingly . decker : lori , I be Dr decker . boone be my patient . lori : yes. hello . decker : I be so sorry for you loss . I must tell you , you mean the world to Aaron . he speak of you constantly ... lori [ withdraw she hand - have the creep ] : thank you , Doctor . lori sit across a table from Joyce . decker sit against the wall . joyce : miss Winston , be you sure you would not rather postpone ... lori : no. let 's get it over with . Joyce turn on a tape recorder on the table . joyce [ start at the beginning ] : what be you relationship with Aaron boone ? lori [ pause ] : we be lover . we move in on the revolve reel of the tape recorder . joyce : how long have you know Aaron boone ? lori : two month . 80 . int . autopsy room night burton and the attendant , instrument laid out , boone 's body on a brightly light steel table , ready for the autopsy . burton activate a overhead microphone . burton : decease be a white caucasian male , late twenty . suspected cause of death , multiple gunshot wound to the thoracic cavity and extremity . the attendant lift up boone 's jacket . Light stream through many bullet hole . assistant : Jesus . they be not takin ' any chance . burton pick up a small digging tool and zeroe in on one of the chest wound . burton : wound number one : enter between the fourth and fifth leave rib , impact the lower rib , lodging in ligament adjacent to the leave lung ... he dig . 81 . int . interview room night joyce : so he never give any indication ... lori : no ... joyce : surely there must have be something ... lori [ firm , angry ] ; look , you can say whatever you want to about he . I do not believe it . he never raise a hand to I , he never harme anyone in he life . a strain silence . decker drum he finger on he briefcase . decker : miss Winston , everyone have they secret face ... lori : Drop dead . annoy at decker , Joyce turn off the tape recorder . joyce : we will continue this some other time . lori stand and head for the door . 82 . int . autopsy room night a pair of calliper drop a distend bullet into a steel bowl , contain at least ten other similarly maim bullet . fatigue with effort , burton wipe he forehead , turn off the microphone . burton : coffee break . the attendant turn off the bright overhead , he and burton move into a adjoin lounge . 83 . int . morgue entry way night lori be put on she coat . a contrite decker approach she . decker : miss Winston , I hope you do not misinterpret what I say . boone mean a great deal to I ... lori : where do he die ? [ pause ] what be the name of the town ? decker : a place call midian . 84 . scene deleted 85 . int . autopsy room night the bowl wobble on the ground . the bullet roll off in different direction . sound of glass break . 86 . int . morgue entry way night hear the break glass , lori and decker turn back towards the autopsy room . lori : boone ? she run towards the sound , decker follow . 87 . ext . morgue night in slow motion , a large first - floor window shatter out towards we . 88 . int . autopsy room night as lori , then decker enter , moment after burton , Joyce and the attendant . the autopsy table be empty . burton : someone 's take he ... decker : my God ... attendant [ look around ] : where 's he coat ? 89 . ext . morgue night slow motion '' distorting time , we see the rest of the shatter window and a dim figure cross the moon . fade out : fade in : 90 . int . loris apartment day lori hurriedly throw some belonging into a suitcase . we see some newspaper clipping beside the suitcase . a headline read : ' slasher suspect slain ' another feature a map , show the location of midian . 91 . ext . road day montage - lori drive , at high speed , down the same road boone take previously . 92 . ext . shere neck road evening at sunset , lori enter the town , past a sign that read : ' welcome to shere neck / welcome BUFFALO day rodeo ' 93 . ext . shere neck motel evening lori pull into the parking lot of the motel . a neon sign read : ' the sweetgrass inn ' above it , the moon . from the motel itself , sound of revelry . 94 . int . motel bar night a wood - panell , western Frontier - theme bar . country music . a banner welcome rodeo participant . a number of rough type cluster at table , many of they wear baseball cap adorn with buffalo horn . lori enter , look around . a cowboy lassoe a waitress , rope she in to general applause . lori take a seat at the bar and be approach by a bartender . bartender : what will it be , darlin' ? lori : a draft and some information please . bartender [ tap a stein of draft ] : there 's the draft . lori [ lay down a bill ] : I be look for a town call midian . bartender : you be not the first . lori : no ? bartender : have a bunch of tv news folk passin ' through , since they nail that baby - slasher up there . lori : baby-slasher ? bartender : yeah , hell of a week for we . the rodeo this weekend . that scumbag get blow away . I hear it take thirty slug to bag that sucker . just go to show you , do not it ? people love a spectacle . lori 's hit with a burst of emotion . she do not want the bartender to see she cry . lori : where 's the bathroom ? bartender : right around the corner there , darlin' . lori rise , exit . 95 . int . motel bathroom day lori enter and lean on the sink as the grief hit she . she sob . a stall door open behind she : sheryl , a girl in she early twenty , exit . lori pull a tissue from she bag and try to compose herself , stand back to allow sheryl access to the mirror , where she study herself before start to tease she hair . sheryl : which be it , hon ' , man or money ? [ lori look at she ] it 's usually one or the other , be not it ? lori : oh ... [ a tiny smile ]... a man . sheryl : uh-huh . what would he do , leave ? lori : not exactly . sheryl : Jesus , do he come back ? that 's even worse . in spite of herself , lori 's brighten by the girl 's good humor . sheryl [ cont . ] : some loser take a shine to ya , you could toss them in the river tie to a piano he will come back faster than a dog with a bone . thing be , why go to all this trouble to look so good if there 's nobody to admire the end product , be I right ? lori : can not argue with that , [ like she , feel lonely ] can I buy you a drink ? sheryl : Hell , yes you can . better than gettin ' hit on by some damn buffalo . dissolve to : 186 . int . motel bar night lori and sheryl at the bar . lori 's nursing a beer . sheryl 's into she fourth Black Russian and be get friendlier by the moment . sheryl [ pause - just hear the story ] : Lord . I have see man go to great length to walk out on a girl . but , I must say , I have never hear tell of a fella doin ' it while decease . lori : they think some sick bastard 's steal the body . sheryl : so you want to go check out the place in which he check out ? lori : yeah . guess it 's a way to say goodbye , you know ? he be always a mystery to I . I love he ... [ she look away ] sheryl : tell you what , lori , why do not I drive up there to this medium place with you tomorrow and keep you company ? lori : you do not have to do that . sheryl : yeah , but I be goin ' to and I do not want no argument from you . lori [ smile , grateful ] : okay . thanks . sheryl : that 's all right . lori [ finish she beer ] : guess I will head up to my room . sheryl : you get some rest , sugar . I be gonna stay down here and close this damn bar . maybe one of this lunkhead will win the lottery . lori smile , squeeze she hand , exit the bar . sheryl look around , finish she drink . the bartender set another drink down in front of she . bartender : courtesy of that go in the suit at the end of the bar . sheryl look down the bar , see the man , seem impressed , wave . sheryl [ low , to the bartender ] : be not he just the picture of sophistication though ? 96a . ext . necropolis night we cut to a wide shot of the necropolis by night . a shoot star fall . now we move in on one of the mausoleum , and from the ground below we hear a ritualistic chant . once within the darkness of the mausoleum the camera slide down over the rock face into the depth of midian . the volume of the chant increase as we come close to its source . 96b . int . mural chamber we come into the mural chamber , the camera pass down over the family tree of natural and nightbreed and round to see Rachel and kinski approach and enter the door of the initiation chamber . cut to narcisse and boone , also approach the chamber . narcisse : you will like this . no , really . it 's just they way of welcoming you to the club . boone : I be not sure I want to be a member . narcisse : you make you way back here for the same reason I do . we belong here now . there 's nowhere else on earth would take we in . CUT to : 96c . int . initiation chamber in the middle of the chamber be a kind of font , on which stand a bowl of baphomet 's blood , steaming and bubbling . stand in front of it be lylesburg . to he side peloquin . beside he , Rachel . on lylesburg 's other side , ohnaka . stand around the wall as witness to the ceremony , be a variety of breed . boone enter . the breed all look he way . boone see shuna sassi . boone [ to narcisse in a whisper ] : who be she ? narcisse : shuna sassi . why ? boone : I dreamt she . shuna lean towards peloquin . shuna sassi : I have dreamt he . narcisse nudge boone forward . lylesburg : who be you advocate ? narcisse : I be . lylesburg : have you tutore he in the Law ? boone : yes he have . lylesburg : let the advocate answer . narcisse : yes I have . lylesburg : you understand what you do , become one of we ? with this night you turn you back on the Natural World . the life you live will after this be as a dream . boone : I know . lylesburg take the glove off he right hand . the flesh beneath be cauterize . lylesburg : the blood of the God tell all truth . it can harm as easily as heal . be you prepare to be judge ? boone : I be ready . lylesburg nod , and put he hand into the bowl of the blood . the blood bubbles around he wrist . we cut to peloquin and shuna sassi , who be watch boone intently . boone 's eye be now on lylesburg 's smoking hand as it approach boone 's chest , still mark by he wound . lylesburg : be judge . he put he hand on the bullet wound . boone stiffen . but there 's no pain . when lylesburg 's hand be remove , the wound have go . there 's a visible release of tension on the face of all that watch . lylesburg : Aaron boone , in the name of baphomet , Lord of the tribe of the moon , I bid you welcome ... the camera move out of the chamber , and towards the mural . 97 . int . motel bedroom night lori lie awake in bed , stare at the ceiling . outside , and next door , the noise of laughter and party . lori [ quietly , a tear in she eye ] : I still love you , boone ... dissolve to : 98 . int . motel bar day sheryl be sit at the empty bar , obviously hang over . she be wear dark glass and a horn buffalo day hat . the bartender pour she a eye-opener . bartender : Hair of the dog . lori enter . sheryl : hi. lori : how 's you head ? sheryl : my momma always use to say , ' sheryl Ann , there 's a man out walk around with you name on he mind , all you get to do be run into he . ' lori : and he just happen to be check in here at the crossroad of the world . sheryl : be not that something ? his name be curtis , he be a banker , recently divorced and recently relocate in edmonton , up for the rodeo and better yet , he think I be the Queen - bee 's knee . lori : sheryl , you sure you want to come along ? sheryl : would not miss it . besides , curtis have to do business today , we have get a engagement for this evening and if I sit around all day with this head on I be gonna feel like the hind end of a dog sled . lori : I be glad for you company . sheryl : now if we could just make a quick stop for some alka -seltzer . dissolve to : 99 . scene deleted 100 . ext . midian / int . loris car day lori 's car come to a stop near the edge of the reed outside the necropolis . sheryl : Jesus . look like the gold rush be over . lori park the car . she get out , look around . lori [ quiet - reflective ] : why ? why would boone come here ? sheryl : to get away from it all ? [ lori give she a look ] shut up , sheryl Ann . you go do what you have to do . I will stay here and ... do something ' else . lori nod and head away down the street , leave sheryl beside the car . she lean against the car , survey the emptiness , without enthusiasm . sheryl [ cont . ] : my luck , I will end up buy some real estate . 101 . ext . midian day lori - as she leave the reed and see the outer wall of the necropolis . lori : good God ... 102 . ext . midian day sheryl - wander from the car into the reed . she light a cigarette , tunelessly hum to ward off the willy . she stop , shiver , suddenly feel very isolate . the atmosphere 's get to she . she start back to the car . she catch some movement out of the corner of she eye . stop . slowly walk away from the movement , fight off panic . she turn a corner , and realize she 's lose in the reed . she hear movement behind she , turn , startle , then , oddly , she smile . sheryl : curtis ... what be you do here ? it 's decker , look like a commuter , hair slicked back , wear a overcoat , carry he briefcase . decker [ big smile ] : hello , sheryl ann. 103 . ext . necropolis gate day lori reach the gate , slightly breathless . she push one of they open . the sun be hot and bright , transform the necropolis from the dark , dangerous place it be when boone be here . now , with its gothic tomb and burgeon plant life , it 's almost welcoming . 104 . ext . necropolis day lori wander the walkway , enchant by the splendor of the place . there be strange , bittersweet sight along the way : statue of dog sleep on they master ' grave ; of mourn mother ; of child , sit at they grave . and grotesque image too : gargoyle protect the doorway of mausoleum ; a tiger , roaring in stone . it be another world , solemn and silent . except ... suddenly , the sound of a animal in pain . lori stop and look around . her gaze come to rest on a spread laurel tree beneath which the shadow be pitch black . from here , the sobbing come . she approach . there be a animal beneath the tree , barely discernible . she can see its flank panting , its head move in pain . lori : Jesus ... it do not look like a recognizable species , a amalgam of wild cat and deer . she approach . it raise its head , weakly . its eye be huge and black . lori [ cont . ] : ... it 's okay , I will not hurt you ... it 's okay ... the creature shudder . lori [ cont . ] : ... what 's happen to you ?... let I see . she reach beneath the branch and tentatively stroke the animal . it respond by drop its head back on to the grass . lori [ cont . ] : oh God ... you poor thing ... do not die , please do not die . she push beneath the tree , put she arm beneath the creature and pick it up . it be heavy , a dead weight in she arm . she back out from beneath the tree . as she step back into the sun , the creature snarl and start to wither in she arm . she realize what 's cause it pain and step back into shadow . lori [ cont . ] : you do not like the sun ? be that it ? the sound of sobbing , off to she leave , draw she attention . one of the mausoleum door be open , and a woman , Rachel , dress in black , stand in the shadow , weep . lori 's astonished . lori [ cont . ] : I be sorry ... be , be it yours ? rachel : bring she . bring she , please . shade the creature from the sun , lori move to the door and step into the gloom . 105 . int . mausoleum day the interior be marble , the air murky . Rachel , a fine -bon , pre- raphaelite beauty in she thirty , move back against the far wall , nursing a wounded arm . lori look down at the creature she 's carry , utterly limp in she arm . lori : ... I be afraid it 's too late . rachel : no ... she can not die . bring she to I , please . Rachel reach out . lori 's reluctant to move further into the darkness . rachel : hurry ! as lori cross the floor , she hear whisper from a stairway that lead down into the earth . she stop , frighten . rachel : pay no attention . please , bring I my babette . as the creature be name it start to move in lori 's arm . not only move , but change . its claw grab at lori 's breast as it writhes . rachel [ cont . ] : babette , no ! lori : what 's happen ? rachel : do not look ! do not look ! but lori can not help but look . appall , she try to pull the transform creature off she , but its hold be firm . lori : Jesus ! Jesus ! with effort , she detach the creature 's claw from she , almost throw it at Rachel , who cradle the change creature in she arm . rachel : babette ... lori lean against the wall , try to wipe the sticky fluid the creature 's exude onto she hand . when she look up she see the creature in Rachel 's arm have transformed into a pale , beautiful girl of seven or eight . lori 's dumbstruck . lori : what ... what ... what the ...? rachel : she like to play outside . I tell she : you must not play in the sun . the sun will hurt you . but she 's just a child . she do not understand . lori look back towards the open door , and the sun-drenched walkway outside . then back at babette . lori : this be too weird . rachel [ a urgent whisper ] : you save she . I owe you something ... listen ; I know why you come here . lori : you do ? rachel : you must go , this place be not for you . midian be a home for the nightbreed . only for the nightbreed . lori : be boone here ? do somebody bring he here ? a deep baritone voice rise up from the shadow of the stairwell . lylesburg : Rachel ... you have say too much already . lylesburg appear , a commanding , magisterial man with a vast grey beard and three slit on each cheek that look like gill . loping along beside he , he fool , a muscular man with a innocently beautiful face : ohnaka . rachel : my lylesburg , she bring I babette , she save she . . . lylesburg : we know . but you can not help she . lori [ she spunk surfacing ] : look , I save the child 's life , do not I deserve something for that ? lylesburg : the child have no life to save , [ he look at she - size she up ] but what she have be yours , if you want it . that 's the Law . do you want she ? lori : no ! I just want some answer . lylesburg : you be not mean to see this . lori : I kind of get that impression . lylesburg : then you also understand that to speak of this to anyone will bring dire consequence . . . lori : hey , pal , do not threaten I . lylesburg : not for you . for we . his word take the edge off lori 's anger . she notice that inscribe in the marble arch above the doorway be the word : ' what' below remains below ' lylesburg [ cont . ] : what 's below remain below . this be the Law . Rachel be carry babette down the step . lylesburg turn to follow she . lori : wait ! wait a minute ! boone , Aaron boone , just tell I , be he here ? you take he , you take he body , do not you ? hey ! lori cross to the stair . lylesburg 's disappear down into the darkness . lori [ cont . ] : talk to I , damn it , I have to know - come back ! 105a . int . mausoleum stairwell lori head down the stair . lori : come back ! lylesburg , ohnaka , Rachel and babette have go , however . lori continue she descent . there be sound in the darkness below she . she stop , and look back towards the top of the stair . it 's a long way off . lori [ to herself ] : how deep do this go ? she head on down , turn a corner . in front of she , peloquin . he start towards she . she back away , into a second creature , and start up the stair . as she do so a third creature swing down from the darkness above she head . she shriek , and run like hell . peloquin [ call after she ] : come back soon , y'hear ? 106 . ext . necropolis day lori emerge , squinting against the blind sun , try to calm herself . lori : okay . walk away , lori . do not panic . there 's get to be a perfectly reasonable explanation , [ can not sustain it ] and hell if I know what it be . she sprint back towards the gate . dissolve to : 107 . ext . midian day out of breath , lori reach the car , park where she leave it . no sign of sheryl . lori : sheryl ! sheryl ! let 's get the hell out of here ! [ no reply ] sheryl ? lori look around . see sheryl 's purse in the dirt near the reed . lori [ cont . ] : sheryl ? she move towards the reed . pick up the purse . peer inside the house . she hear a gurgle laugh from inside . it could be sheryl . lori [ cont . ] : sheryl , come on ... 108 . ext . reed day the undergrowth be dark and empty . lori advance cautiously through the path . lori : sheryl , we have to go , uh , something 's kind of come up and ... she see a splash of blood on the reed . lori [ cont . ] : oh shit . . . something move across we field of vision in the gloom behind she . she turn . lori [ cont . ] : sheryl ? she turn back and follow the trail of blood around the corner , lying on the floor be sheryl . mouth cut away . tongue cut off . lori [ cont . ] : Jesus ! God ! she turn to run , but decker step into she path . he wear a mask of repulsive simplicity : a linen face with two button for eye and a zipper [ open at present ] for a mouth . in he hand be two large carve knife , both blood-stain . decker : let 's get it over with , shall we ? lori [ mind racing , a survivor ] : take it easy , let 's talk about this . decker [ advance ] : do not try and reason with I , lori . I be a lunatic . you do not reason with lunatic . lori : how do you know my name ? decker : good question . no reason why you should not have a answer . [ he pull off the mask ] wish I have a camera . oh , the look a you face . lori : why ? why do you kill she ? decker : why do I kill all the other ? for the fun of it , of course . for pleasure . everyone ought to have a hobby , do not you agree ? lori : boone be innocent . decker : be innocent , wherever he 's hide . after all the trouble I go to to find he a home for he guilt . lori : you sick motherfucker ... decker : boone 's alive , lori . and you death be go to bring he out of hide . he come at she suddenly , but he heel slide in sheryl 's blood . he fall in front of lori , and stab at she foot . she avoid the stab by a inch . he rise suddenly , throw one of he knife aside and grab the blade lori hold , with a glove which strike spark . it be chainmail . lori let go , propelling herself through the reed . 109 . scene deleted 110 . int . necropolis late afternoon the light be diminish behind the necropolis wall . lori 's scream be distant . we track towards the gate as she run down the hill . lori : somebody help I ! she fling the gate open and enter . decker emerge from the reed behind she . 111 . scene deleted 111a . int . the temple of baphomet the temple be a impressive chamber , at the centre of which be a dais , ringed with representative of the six fail saviour of breed . in the middle of the ring , a statue of baphomet . there be bench along the wall . sitting in they , recite in soft , sibilant voice the law of midian , be breed . lylesburg , accompany by ohnaka , be also in the chamber , as be boone , be hold by the breed . boone : I have to help she ! lylesburg : you can not go . boone : I will kill he . no - one will ever know . lylesburg : what 's below remain below . boone : I can not let she die . lylesburg : when we take you in you make a oath to obey the Law . boone : I will not listen to he butcher she . I love she . lylesburg : she 's a Natural . she could not love you back . not now . boone : wrong ! he start to struggle against he captor , fight they off . boone : you be wrong ! throw one back , and punch the other , boone break for the door . lylesburg : boone ! boone ! lylesburg 's shout be ignore , as boone head up to the surface . 112 . ext . necropolis late afternoon lori run down the walkway pursue by decker , she breath come in gasp , close to collapse . lori : help I ! oh please , God , somebody . 113 . scene deleted 114 . ext . necropolis late afternoon lori collapse . decker reach she and pull on he mask . decker : that 's good . be still . it 's quick that way . he pull a particularly nasty blade from he jacket interior and advance . she rise and try to duck the cut . he strike she with the back of he hand . she fall , strike she head on a tomb . decker [ cont . ] [ sudden fury ] : I say , be still ! lori be semi-conscious , blood run from she wounded head . look past decker , she see something ... lori : boone ... decker laugh . then he realize she 's reacting to the appearance of boone , stand in the shadow behind he , in jeans and leather jacket . lori slip into unconsciousness . decker : you ? here again ? boone : be not this where the dead be suppose to go ? decker : you be not dead . boone [ advance ] : you be wrong . we be both dead , decker . decker : I be not decker ! boone : no ? be not that you , Dr decker , hide behind that child 's mask ? decker : I be not hide ... boone [ still advance , taunting he ] : decker , decker . Doctor decker . enrage , decker throw the knife ; it bury in the middle of boone 's chest . decker laugh , then stop , as boone pull the knife out and toss it aside . boone [ cont . ] : blade be no better than bullet , decker , do not you get it ? I be dead . the walk dead . decker : that 's not possible . decker turn to run , but boone race to he , catch , turn he and pull decker closer , until they be nose to nose . boone : not just dead ... change . a monster . want I to show you ? decker [ whimper ] : no , please ... boone : not you kind of monster . not the soulless kind . I have get midian in my vein . he tear off the mask , uncover decker 's sweaty , terrify face . decker : please , please , it 's , it 's not my fault , it 's the mask , it make I do thing I do not want to ... [ boone pull he closer ] boone , it be the mask and they be go to find I , punish I , I need a scapegoat ... boone : you choose the wrong man . narcisse [ v.o. ] : man ? you call yourself a man ? boone look round ; narcisse be squatting on a tomb , he face a mass of scar tissue . narcisse [ cont . ] : you be no more man than I be . boone : monster , then . narcisse : that 's more like it . [ he jump off the tomb , move towards they ] well , go on , be you go to kill he or not ? only I want he ball . and he eye . that be , if you do not want they . boone : I will pass . narcisse : remember I , Doctor ? I be die when you have you way with I . you make I tell my secret when I be feel particularly vulnerable . now be that a nice thing for a doctor to do ? decker [ to boone , craven ] : oh God , boone , do not let he touch I , anything , keep he off I , full confession ... sweet Jesus , mercy , mercy , please , I be begging you ! narcisse raise he thumb , still bear they silver hook . narcisse : let 's start with he eye ... boone : no ! boone push narcisse back , but as he do so decker slip he grasp . boone roar and start to twitch and stamp as peloquin do and we watch as ... boone transform into something part man , part carnivore ... and give chase . decker near the gate , but boone be after he at great speed , leaping over tomb like a high -jumper . 115 . ext . necropolis late afternoon Left behind , narcisse turn he eye upon the recumbent lori . narcisse [ fill with hunger , greatly consol ) : well ... you will do . as he advance on she , lori 's eye flicker open . she scream . 116 . ext . necropolis late afternoon boone right on decker 's tail ; he hear lori 's scream and stop . decker run out through the gate . boone start back towards lori . intercut : 117 . ext . necropolis late afternoon lori struggle in narcisse 's arm . he try to muffle she . boone leap tomb , near they location . he bound into the clear , see lori unconscious in narcisse 's embrace . boone : let she go ! narcisse , all sheepish co-operation , gently let she go onto the ground . narcisse : just ... keep she warm . boone be almost human now . he reach lori . narcisse [ cont . ] : I would not have touch she . boone breathes in the last of he monstrous condition , and bend to tenderly stroke lori 's face . then , very lightly , he kiss she , and gather she in he arm . fade out : fade in : 118 . scene deleted 118a . int . lylesburg's chamber boone : I have no choice . lylesburg : you have put we all in danger for you love of this woman . boone : decker can not tell anyone . what 's he go to say ? that he try to kill a girl and a dead man stop he ? lylesburg : he can still lead we enemy here . if he go - if midian 's unearth '' you be responsible . boone : so let I make amend . lylesburg : just take the girl and go on you way amongst the natural . that 's the Law . boone : who make this Law ? lylesburg : baphomet . the God in obsidian . who make midian . boone : so maybe I should speak to this guy . lylesburg : baphomet be a spirit in stone . he do not speak , or move . his wound be too great ... boone : what be you afraid of ? lylesburg : what baphomet make he have the power to unmake . his blood be volatile . he must not be angere . boone : then I will make nice . 119 . scene deleted 120 . int . corridor by lylesburg's chamber night boone head down the corridor . he slow as he pass a entrance to one side chamber and look in ... Inside the chamber , a dog-face man be work on a vast elaborate mosaic mural that extend into shadow in both direction . he look up and lock eye with boone . boone break off the contact and continue down the corridor . the dog-face man turn back to he palette ; a multi-coloured collection of small tile . he carefully select a few , then turn to the mosaic and we see ... 121 . int . mural chamber night the mosaic mural . prominent in what appear to be a panoramic visual history of the nightbreed race , be a heroic figure who closely resemble ... boone . the dog-face man apply the tile he 's select , fill in the irise of the boone-figure 's eye . 122 . int . rachel's chamber lori sit up . lori : boone ...? her head aches . she wince . babette go to she aid . babette : be still . it be a bad hurt he do we . lori : we ? what do you mean ' we ' ? rachel [ move to they ] : you hold babette while she transformed . she 's make quite a bond with you . babette : I feel you hurt . I still feel it . rachel : she even know you be come here . she see it all , through you eye . babette : and you can see through mine . lori [ pause - she try to read Rachel ] : you be not kid . rachel : it 's true . lori rise unsteadily to she foot . babette take she hand , but Rachel move she away from lori. rachel [ cont . ] : she do not want you to touch she , sweet . she 's afraid . lori : you get that right . one minute I be about to get carve like a Christmas turkey , the next I be ... I be ... [ a surfacing memory break she train ]... God ... it be boone ... boone save I . rachel : yes . lori : but he 's dead , I see he in the morgue ... rachel : you still do not understand , do you ? lori : wait a second , back up ... rachel : you be below now . with the nightbreed . the last survivor of the great tribe . lori : tribes of who ? what ? rachel : we be shapeshifter ; freak ; remain of race you species have almost drive to extinction . lori : so you be not immortal ? rachel : Far from it . the sun can kill some of we . like babette . she follow she father in that . some of we could be shot down ; other would survive that because they have get beyond death . lori : horrible . it 's all horrible . rachel : to be able to fly ? to be smoke , or a wolf ; to know the night , and live in it forever ? that 's not so bad . you call we monster , but when you dream , it 's of fly and change , and live without death . you envy we . and what you envy ... lori [ softly ; understanding ] : ... we destroy ... rachel [ to babette ] : show she . show she the past ... babette touch lori 's arm . babette : be with I . the skull in front of lori fill she sight . we fly through one of the eye socket into ... 123 . scene deleted 123a . lori / babette' vision [ torture sequence ] fade through from the skull chamber into grin people run towards partially construct bonfire ... the people throw tinder onto the fire ... we track off the fire-building to a wall , behind where frighten monster hide ... the shadow of a cross fall on they . CUT to : 123b . lori / babette' vision [ torture sequence ] inquisitors in black robe part to reveal the head inquisitor in purple robe ... he read the charge ... head inquisitor : thou shalt not suffer a monster to live ... CUT to : 123c . lori / babette' vision [ torture sequence ] frightened monster pull away from the wall . CUT to : 123d . lori / babette' vision [ torture sequence ] inquisitors step aside to show torture scene . we track through the torture : rack , crucifixion , flogging , a hang . the camera move off gallow , past a wall to flag . we cut close on the flag which read freak show , track past the flag to a cage , contain freakish breed . well - dress ordinary man and woman applaud and laugh . one of the freak be drag from the cage . he look back at the family he 's leave behind . the inquisitor read they charge , as the bonfire await . the victim be throw onto the bonfire . a tinder flare , and the inquisitor and audience light cigarettes and cigar from the tinder . the bonfire then flare up . a inquisitor lasciviously stroke the naked buttock of a beautiful girl . she turn towards we in despair ; we see she head be bestial . 124 . int . rachel's chamber overwhelm with horror , lori open she eye , break she connection with babette . rachel : we be all that remain . lori : and ...and you be say ... boone 's like you ? rachel : he be nightbreed . or he be , until he break the Law . lori [ move towards the door ] : no , no , that 's not possible - I have get to find he , there 's be some kind of mistake ... babette : do not go ... lori : but he do not kill anybody , it be not he , he 's innocent ... rachel : that no longer matter ... lori : where be he ? where would he go ? rachel : down to the tabernacle , to baphomet . lori : who ? rachel : the baptiser . who make midian . who call we here and save we from we enemy ... lori : take I there , I have get to find boone ... rachel : it 's forbidden . lori : we will see about that . 125 . int . eigerman' office decker be drink coffee . a cop stride by . Joyce enter . joyce : decker ? this better be good . decker : I find boone . joyce : someone bring the corpse down here ? decker : he 's not dead . joyce : I see he pump full of bullet . decker : so do I . but he 's alive . he kill again ... joyce : in shere neck ? decker : no , out at midian . joyce : why would he go back there ? eigerman enter . eigerman : what be you do in my office ? kane : this be Inspector Joyce . Calgary Police Department . eigerman : we do not need any city boy on the case . midian 's under my jurisdiction . joyce : we can work together . eigerman : no we do not . I will bring he in myself . this be my town . decker : he 's not alone anymore . joyce : what ? eigerman : yeah . I hear that talk . that 's nuthouse talk . joyce : talk about what ? decker : midian 's not empty . there 's something breeding there . below the cemetery . eigerman : bullshit . joyce [ to decker ] : do you believe that ? decker : yes I do . and if you do not stop they there 's go to be more bloodsh . I promise . 126 . scene deleted 127 . int . midian central core lori find herself in a cavernous space , line with chamber connect by walkway and ladder , which do not look particularly secure . she move out on to a walkway . it lead she into the central core of midian , which offer a view of dizzying descent into the earth . she scan the scene , amaze by the sheer scale of the place . lori : my God ... as she descend into the bowel of midian , creature in various doorway watch she with curiosity . one creature seem to have light run from wound on its body . another tumble past she , a slow acrobat , defy gravity . she see only a few of this but hear far more , chatter and murmure in the shadow . 127a . int . midian core as lori move through the chamber toward peloquin we see the devil creature lude feed snake to he pet , a horn , many legge beast which squat on the floor . he get up and go to look at she . leroy , a grin grotesque , appear from the back of the chamber , snatch the snake from the maw of the pet , and come to watch as well . leroy [ eat the snake ] : there go the neighbourhood . 128 . scene deleted 128a . int . midian central core lori look into a chamber . a dark , winge figure move aside to reveal ... a ceremony , with the bowl of white blood later see in baphomet 's chamber , be in progress . 128b . int . midian central core as lori cross the bridge something watch from the deep shadow ... the tone darken . she step off the bridge and scorpion scuttle away . lori be now a little nervous . she find herself in a corner with several door ... through one door she see a man with a white T-shirt . she call after he . lori : boone ? lori enter through the door . 128c . int . midian chamber in a corner a ghastly meal be underway . the boone figure be head away through another door . lori follow the figure , and the diner get up as if to attack . in the next chamber be a tangle of bright red glisten body with no head ... lori glance round . the diner pursue she . 128d . int . midian chamber up ahead of lori be the boone figure . she approach it as it step out of the shadow ... it be not boone !! she step away ... 128e . int . midian chamber the red beast be rise behind she . lori turn and exit the chamber , flatten herself against the rock . she advance . crouched in a niche above where she 's walk , we see a small lizard - like creature , barabas , eat a dead rat . 128f . int . midian chamber lori enter the final chamber , follow the figure she think be boone . on the far side , crouching at a door , a figure . lori : boone ? the figure turn . it 's peloquin . peloquin : no- one here of that name . she turn . the boone figure be in the doorway behind she . he have the face of a snake . peloquin : told you ! he approach lori. peloquin : I know you . he talk about you . lori. he snatch a broach from she . peloquin : Nice . you be still a Natural . want to join the family ? [ he go to bite she ] lori : no ! peloquin follow she to the door . peloquin [ at door ] : you will . sooner or later you will want to live forever . he laugh maniacally , return into he room . 129 . int . midian central core lori continue she descent . as she near the cavern floor , lylesburg step into she path , beside he he fool , ohnaka . lylesburg : you may go no further . lori : I want boone ! lylesburg : you be not to blame , but you must understand : what boone 's do have put we in jeopardy ... lori : no problem , you tell I where he be and we be outta here ... lylesburg : boone have go to baphomet . he be beyond recall . a low rumbling issue from somewhere deep inside the passage lylesburg stand before . underneath the rumble be a animal moan with pain . lori : where be he ? he 's down here be not he ? you want to stop I you be gonna have to kill I . impress by she resolve , lylesburg stand aside . she move past he and head down into the chamber , towards a distant light . lylesburg gesture after she . ohnaka nod and follow . 129a . int . berserker ' corridor antechamber lori head through a room which lead towards the berserker . the reassure sound of the core fade behind she . she slow she advance . suddenly , narcisse step from the shadow . narcisse : up and about already ? lori : keep away from I . narcisse : I be sorry about upstairs . I see a pretty face and I want to kiss it . [ lori move on past ] do not go down there . lori : why not ? narcisse [ instant change of subject ] : do not you just love this place ? shangri - La on dope . I love it . lori : what 's that smell ? narcisse [ sniff he armpit ] : not I . they keep the berserker down there . mad bastard . they will rip you head off and shit down you neck . lori : boone go this way , right ? narcisse : and will not be come back . lori : I will bring he . narcisse : you think love can raise the dead ? lori : he 's not dead . narcisse : he 's that and more . if you do not believe I , you wait ' till he get to sniff a little blood . that will bring out the beast in he . I be tell you , do not go ... lori : I have to . nothing make any sense without he . narcisse : sense ? who need it ? lori move off down the corridor . ohnaka follow she . narcisse [ to ohnaka ] : Love that tattoo . 130 . scene deleted 131 . scene deleted 132 . int . berserker ' corridor lori start down the corridor , the wall of which be crack wide in place , the gap cover with chain . from the other side she hear grunt and growl . then , to she shock , one of the berserker ' arm reach up from a grille in the floor and snatch at she leg . she step aside to avoid it , and another of the berserker ' arm reach through the mesh of chain , take hold of she by the neck . it start to choke she . she shout for help . ohnaka , lylesburg 's fool , appear from down the corridor . he start to rattle the chain further along the wall . ohnaka : hey , ghost ! hey , slaughter ! come and get I ! come and get I ! the arm around lori 's neck release its hold , and we hear the sound of the creature move along the wall in ohnaka 's direction . ohnaka : fat-ass ! suddenly , arm reach for he through the chain . he step away just in time . ohnaka : miss ! he grin at lori , proud of himself . lori : where 's boone ? ohnaka : this way ! he start to lead she towards baphomet 's chamber . 133 . int . outside baphomet' chamber ohnaka and lori reach the next to last chamber ; a roaring from below , down a slope in front of they , wall vibrate with the din from baphomet 's chamber . ohnaka withdraw . blindingly bright light , out of which lori spot a figure climb towards they . lori : boone ? boone ! she move down to boone , scramble up the slope towards she , drench in sweat , half - mad with terror . boone : do not ... do not look ... he reach for she , then collapse . she start down the slope to he . Dust fall from the roof , the din make she reel . but she reach he , start to haul he to he foot . then , she look up and we get a glimpse of ... 134 . int . baphomet' chamber out of the blind light , and seemingly the source of it , a huge , black figure turn towards she , twelve foot high , severe limb connect by sinew of hot , white energy and extrude spine , the face terrible , wise and beautiful . lori 's stunne , she avert she eye . boone collect himself enough to pull she away and they help each other frantically scrabble up the slope , out of the chamber . 135 . int . outside baphomet' chamber as lori and boone emerge , ohnaka appear and beckon they to follow . too exhaust and frighten to speak , boone and lori follow . 136 . int . midian central core ominous rumbling urge they on , as boone and lori make a stumbling ascent through the core , trail ohnaka 's urgent lead , watch from the doorway by a variety of creature . we cut to the ledge , and move to a chamber , where peloquin and shuna sassi be make love . peloquin hear lori urging boone on as they struggle across the bridge , and look away from shuna , out through the door . peloquin : well , well ... he go to the door . peloquin [ cont . ] : guess he could not take the heat . shuna sassi : I dreamt he . he 's strong . peloquin : that 's only because the bite be mine . shuna sassi : no , do not you see ? he 's the one from the prophesy . cabal . the seventh saviour . peloquin : so why 's he leave ? shuna sassi : everything have its purpose . maybe he have not learn to hate he tribe enough . he will be back . peloquin kiss she . peloquin : why die wait ? 137 . ext . necropolis day the sun climb over the horizon , sunlight penetrate the graveyard . a mausoleum door creak open , lori and boone rush out into the open air . lori try to lead boone away , he squint painfully against the early light . boone : no , no , I belong here ... lori [ grab he ] : bullshit ! boone , boone , listen to I - you belong with I , that 's why you live , that 's why we survive , because we belong together ... ohnaka swing the door shut behind they . boone see lori , as if for the first time . she take he hand , press it to she face , she breast . lori [ cont . ] : this be I . this be why I follow you , this be what we be live for . his eye clear . a part of he seem to return . he embrace she . boone : lori ... lori : they do not need you . nobody need you but I . we will go away , far away , where no - one will ever find we . I love you . they hold each other . 138 . ext . necropolis day long angle : boone and lori - two small figure , alone among the sepulchre . they move towards the gate together . fade out : fade in : 139 . ext . sweetgrass inn day empty street . no activity . lori 's car pull into the parking lot . 140 . int . loris car day lori turn to boone , slump down in the passenger seat , out of sight , wear sunglass . lori : I will get my stuff , I will be back in two minute ... boone : do not leave I alone . lori : boone ... boone [ fiercely ] : no ! lori [ calmly '' try to hide she alarm ] : okay . we will go in together . she hand he the buffalo day hat and open the door . 141 . ext . phone booth day from a phone booth across the street we see lori and boone move towards the motel entrance . in foreground , a chain - mail hand pick up the phone and dial . 142 . int . sweetgrass inn day boone and lori enter the corridor that lead to she room . eerie silence , save for a dog yapping somewhere . boone stop . alarm , she turn to he . lori [ whisper ] : what 's wrong ? boone : why be it so empty ? lori : they must be at the rodeo . she hurry on , boone follow , clearly disturb . lori unlock she door , glance back at boone , who have take off he sunglass . there be something strange about the light in he eye . a subtle wave of colour pass across he face . boone : I smell blood . lori : what ? boone : so much blood ... she swing the door open . we expect a horror . nothing . a ordinary room . lori : it 's okay . intercut : 113 . int . motel lori be room day lori enter and quickly gather she belonging together . boone , sweat with terror , slide down the wall into a squatting position . as lori pack , she look down , see a hole in the wall , the result of some massive violence from the other side . she cautiously lean down , peer through the hole and quickly retreat , hand over mouth , horrify by what she 's see . lori : boone ? boone appear at the door . lori [ cont . ] : next door . boone go next door and turn the handle . 144 . scene deleted 145 . int . motel murder room day boone push the door open . Inside , a massacre : five dead card player , propped up around a poker table in a sick parody of a poker game tableau ; throat slit , buffalo hat on they head . sitting in the middle of the table , a tall , elaborate house of card . boone move into the middle of the room . on he face we can see the hunger he feel . ripples of color begin to move over he feature . he move towards the corpse ... as he do so , we hear a nearly deafen sound from outside ... the vibration knock over the house of card and ... 146 . ext . sweetgrass inn day into the empty street , a helicopter descend , discharge Lieutenant Joyce and a platoon of heavily armed swat team cop . local police car pour in . Captain eigerman climb out of he cruiser to survey the siege . decker introduce he to Joyce . sharpshooter take up position , training they weapon on the motel , as the swat team move in . 147 . int . motel corridor day lori move to the door of the murder room . boone be inside , he back to she . lori : it be decker ... decker do this ... in foreground , boone 's face begin to transform , which lori can not see . she hear the cop outside . lori [ cont . ] : boone , we have to get out of here . boone : stay away from I ... lori : boone , what be it ? boone : I do not want you to see ... lori : see what ? boone : get out ! do as I say ! lori : I will not leave you ... as she cross towards he , he turn . his face be in mid - transformation . 148 . ext . sweetgrass inn day lori 's scream echoe outside the motel . Joyce order in the swat team . they charge , enter the motel . 149 . int . motel corridor day lori back out of the room in horror . lori : oh my God ...oh my God ... she hear cop charge up the stair . lori [ cont . ] : boone ! they be come ! intercut : 150 . motel murder room day the transformed boone cover he face , slam the room door shut and move towards the body . lori hide at the end of the corridor as the swat cop appear at the far end . on he knee , in the middle of some frenzied action we can not quite see , boone stop and look down at he blood-stain hand . boone : no ... no ... out of sight , lori watch the cop prepare to storm the room . 150a . int . motel bathroom day boone enter the bathroom with the sound of the swat team 's entry to the motel on the track . he slam the door . there be blood on he face and hand . he go to the sink and turn on the tap . then he see himself in the mirror , he transformed face be a shock , he look at himself , appal . then a wave of nausea overtake he . he throw up into the sink ; a splash of blood and flesh he 's just eat . wiping he mouth with the back of he hand he start to breathe out he condition . his face transform back to he normal state . he make a sob of horror . swat leader ( v.o. ) : in here ! boone look towards the door , sink down against the tile as he do so . the door be flung open . we see he cower as the swat team come for he . 151 . scene deleted 152 . ext . sweetgrass inn day under cover of the tree and car around the motel , lori hide in a place where she can view the front of the building . she see eigerman talk with Joyce , decker behind they . they look up as the swat cop manhandle a hand - cuffed boone out of the building . he have totally revert to human form , the blood-stain seemingly a sure proof of guilt . lori watch as he 's throw into a police car and drive off . fade out : fade in : 153 . int . shere neck police station day a clank of key open lock . a steel door swing open . Three cop rough-house boone down the corridor , eigerman right behind , pass other cell hold prisoner watch they go by . we hold on one , a young fundamentalist Baptist preacher , reverend ashberry . he have haunt , maniacally repress eye and the rag look of a habitual drunk . 154 . int . police station cell day boone be throw into the cell . eigerman and the three cop , labowitz , sergeant pettine and Gibbs , all practise hard guy , enter the cell after he . eigerman : fuckin ' freak ! fuckin ' cannibal ! [ to he man ] stand he up ! they haul boone to he foot . eigerman hit boone with a wick blackjack . eigerman [ cont . ] : you pick the wrong town , boy . we believe in real justice here , [ a blow be deliver ] they be gonna take you back to the city ... [ another blow ] ... but we be gonna leave you with something ... [ another blow ] ... to remember ... [ another ]...us ...by ! boone sag to the ground , unconscious . 154a . int . ashberry cell day as the sound of boone be beat up filter through the wall , ashberry sit in he cell , Bible in hand . he flick the page over , attempt to distance himself from the violence he hear with study . he halt at a page with a illustration . it be something from revelation : monster and demon do battle with angel . he put the book down , and turn over he palm . it be a mass of tiny scar . he close he hand into a white - knuckle fist , retreate into the shadow in the corner of he cell . we cutback to he hand . blood seep between the finger , as he nail dig into the meat of he palm . 155 . int . eigerman' office day eigerman enter . decker be stand look at eigerman 's collection of photograph . eigerman : you still here ? decker : I be go back to midian with you . eigerman : I be not go anywhere . we get press folk and photographer come in from all over . would not be polite to keep them wait . eigerman start to exit again . Joyce be in the doorway . eigerman : tell he . we get we man under lock and key . decker : do not trust he . he ...he ... change . I have see he . eigerman : I will keep a eye out . joyce : he be right about the motel . eigerman : so ? joyce : so maybe there be more of they ... eigerman : monster ? joyce : killer . a cult . I do not know . eigerman : you want to take some of the boy , take them pettine ? pettine : yes , Sir - eigerman : you , Tommy and Gibbs , take the Inspector out to the cemetery . dig around . if you find anything with more two eye , holler . I get photographer want I ... he exit . 156 . int . boone's cell day badly beat , boone lie in the corner , stir when he hear the door unlock . labowitz usher in a middle - age , small - town physician , Doctor Rose . labowitz : Doctor 's here to examine you , freak . just so nobody can say we laid a finger on you ... [ he wink at Rose ] look okay to I , what do you think , Doc ? boone painfully pull himself upright . look up at Dr Rose , who slip on he stethoscope , listen to boone 's chest . he move it , listen , move it again , alarmed . he take boone 's wrist , feel around . boone stare at he . Dr Rose clear he throat , rise , move to labowitz at the door and speak quietly . dr rose : no pulse . labowitz : what 's that ? dr rose : no ...pulse . 157 . ext . police station day a crowd of journalist and on-looker mill outside the station . we find lori , follow she through the crowd as she try to get a view of the building . as she watch , Joyce and he three - cop escort climb into two police car and drive off . 158 . int . police station day a impromptu press conference , with eigerman centre stage , stand at a table lace with tape recorder and microphone . behind he , a map of the town , with coloured pin and a blackboard draw of the sweetgrass Inn , include a diagram of where the body be find . eigerman adore the attention . eigerman : yes he may have have accomplice but I can not reveal the precise source of my information on that ... 1st reporter : local source , Captain ? eigerman [ a glance at decker in the crowd ] : not so 's you would notice . 2 nd reporter : have boone make a confession ? eigerman : we find he with a piece of human flesh in he mouth . how 's that for guilty ? cameras flash furiously . we see labowitz lead Dr Rose through the crowd to the podium . labowitz reach eigerman and whisper in he ear . eigerman make he repeat it . his brow knit in puzzlement . he turn to the press and smile . eigerman [ cont . ] : ' scuse I , folk , will not be a second . eigerman point a beckone finger at decker , who follow he into he office , along with labowitz and Dr Rose . 159 . int . eigerman' office day eigerman close the door and turn to decker . eigerman : just exactly how many bullet do they put into this geek up at midian ? decker : why ? dr rose [ severely shake ] : half of they be still in he . in fact , he 's riddled with they . decker : as I tell you , this be not ordinary people . you be say he should be dead ? dr rose : no , I be say he be dead . decker : when ? eigerman : not lie down dead , friend . walkin ' around in my fuck cell dead . now what about that ? decker 's shake . he grip he briefcase tightly . 160 . int . boone's cell day boone sit in he cell , head down , expression mask , eye move restlessly . 160a . int . ashberry cell day ashberry be sit half in shadow and half in light . his eye carry the half - bury mania that we will see erupt later on . he put he head against the wall and speak softly to boone , he tone intensify as he feeling take stronger hold . ashberry : can you hear I ? they will find a way to kill you , you know that ? can not fight the darkness . not when it 's inside you . be you listen ? you be a abomination , boone . you have to die . there 's lot of way . I have read about they . see they when I sleep . horrible . hear I ? he suddenly slam he bloody hand against the wall . ashberry : have you get a God , boone ? any God will do . I have one , but ... he do not listen any more . I ask he to take the dream away but they keep come . blood and fire . like the end of the world ... we move from ashberry 's stricken face to the bloody mark he hand leave in the wall . it vaguely resemble something we recognize : baphomet 's head . fade out : fade in : 161 . ext . shere neck STREET day lori emerge from a supermarket with food to eat . she walk into a small square , find a seat and sit down to eat . as she reach into the bag : babette [ v.o.] : lori ? she look round . the voice sound real . no sign of babette . babette [ v.o. - cont . ] : lori ... close you eye . lori [ frighten ] : where be you ? babette [ v.o. ] : please , do as I say . lori close she eye . 162 . int . skull chamber centre core lori and babette 's p.o.v. - darkness . babette [ v.o . ] : be with I ... be with I ... dim light . we be in the midian skull chamber , see it through babette 's eye . they voice merge into one . lori / babette [ v.o. ] : ... where be I ? what 's happen to I ? Rachel step into view , and look directly down at the camera . rachel : what be it , child ? 163 . ext . shere neck STREET day lori 's eye spring open . she 's terrify . babette [ v.o. ] : lori ! comeback ! lori close she eye again and we click back into ... 164 . ext . shere neck STREET day lori and babette 's p.o.v . - we see babette 's view of Rachel . lori / babette [ v.o . ] : be this real ? rachel [ whisper ] : what be you talk about ? babette ? [ grip babette ] what have you do ? lori / babette [ v.o. ] : I have bring she , to see . she 's in I . babette break away , Rachel try to catch hold , babette run . p.o.v. camera veer around and down through the maze of midian . 165 . ext . shere neck STREET day eye close on the bench , lori gasp as the journey snatch she up . 166 . int . central core lori and babette 's p.o.v . - babette race over a rope-bridge . we see it all through she eye , she hand come occasionally into view . we head down a narrow tunnel and into a small chamber , which be babette 's hidehole . we scan the treasure she keep there : a doll make of grasses ; bird ' skull ; pretty stone . we hear voice from above and we look up at a steel grille , face out on the surface . 166a . ext . necropolis day push closer to the grille we see ... Joyce , pettine , Tommy and Gibbs , wander through the necropolis , armed to the hilt . only Joyce carry no weapon . pettine : Christ , you could hide a fuckin ' army in here . tommy : what egg - zactly be we lookin ' for , sarge ? tommy [ spit some tobacco juice on a tomb ] : we be here to kick some major- league butt . joyce [ distrust this throwback ] : we be here to scout , not engage tommy : well what if they engage we ? what about that ? pettine : there 's people down there , I can feel it . lori / babette gasp , pettine hear the sound and walk over to the grille . tommy : why do not we just shoot them in they grave ? save we diggin ' new one , [ giggle - fire at one of the tomb ] joyce [ angry ] : hold you fire ! pettine : we want prisoner , Tommy . pettine go down on he haunch beside the grille , run the muzzle of he gun along it . p.o.v. camera withdraw into the shadow . he shake he head and ... 167 . ext . necropolis day we cut out of the p.o.v. as pettine stand . pettine : there 's something down there all right . joyce : if that 's the case we will call for back - up ... pettine spot a movement in the shadow of a half - open mausoleum door . he catch Gibbs ' eye , nod in the direction of the door , Gibbs get the idea and start to back towards the tomb . pettine [ a performance ] : I do not know . maybe we be just spook . Hell , who would live in a graveyard , anyway ? [ crossing towards Gibbs ] what do you say , Lieutenant ? maybe we oughta just pack it in ... head for home ... he and Gibbs rush the door of the tomb ; there 's a cry of surprise from inside . 168 . ext . necropolis day lori and babette 's p.o.v . - camera glide back up to the grille in time to see Gibbs and pettine drag ohnaka out of darkness and into the sunlight where he lack the strength to resist . tommy : well , lookee what we get here ... Tommy strike ohnaka with a rifle butt , knock he to he knee . 169 . ext . necropolis day as the cop circle around ohnaka , he moan , put he head down and cover he face with he hand . gibb : shit . do not look so tough to I . pettine : want we should interrogate it , Lieutenant ? joyce [ amaze ] : give it some room . in the sunlight , ohnaka 's naked back begin to smoke and blister . gibb : what the hell for ? joyce : God damn it ! there 's something wrong with he ... tommy [ disgust ] : shit ... pettine : what the fuck be this ? Gibbs , unfaze , step up to ohnaka and kick the creature over . gibb : we want answer , asshole ! joyce : back off , Gibbs ! Gibbs ignore he , try to drag ohnaka 's hand away from he face . 170 . ext . necropolis day lori and babette 's p.o.v . - watch the knot of man around the defenceless ohnaka . lori / babette [ v.o . ] : the light ... 171 . ext . necropolis day Gibbs rifle -butt ohnaka 's hand , then pull they away from he face ; the feature be horribly disfigure , blood run from he eye , scorched by the sun . now even Gibbs try to back away , but ohnaka grab hold of he shirt . gibb : shit ! shit ! get it off I ! Tommy ! tommy : no way , man ! pettine fire he piece at ohnaka , hit he in the belly and arm , but he still hold on , throw back he head and howling . smoke rise from he entire body , dust pour from he vein . the howl become a high - pitch whine and he explode , in a burst of dust and black blood . 172 . ext . necropolis day lori and babette 's p.o.v . - they see ohnaka die . 173 . ext . shere neck STREET day lori open she eye , which be run with tear . lori : oh my God ...oh my God ... she stand up , she hand to she mouth . 174 . ext . necropolis day lori and babette 's p.o.v . - babette 's tremble hand hold onto the grille as she watch . babette [ v.o. ] : lori , do not leave , please do not leave I . 175 . ext . necropolis day the cop stare in disbelief at ohnaka 's dusty remain . pettine : Jesus ...d ' you see that fucker 's face ? joyce : it be the sun . the sun do it . gibb : Christ on a crutch ... joyce : man , that tear it , I be call the fuckin ' chief . Gibbs raise a tremble match to he cigarette as Tommy head back to the car . gibb : could not have be just ... just the sun ... joyce : believe it , shithead . pettine [ grin ] : so if all it take be the sun , we get the perfect weapon , right over we head . joyce : until it go down . pettine 's smile fade . then a cry of alarm from the distance . tommy [ v.o . ] : oh no ! shit! pettine ! goddamn it ! the man rush to the gate . 176 . ext . necropolis gate day the two police car be on fire . the other cop reach they , pettine reach into the one less involved in flame and pull out the radio microphone . joyce : who do it , do you see anyone ? Tommy shake he head . they all look up , hearing a distant car engine . 177 . ext. / int . beat -up car day wearing a hat and dark glass , laugh , narcisse drive this old clunker like a maniac , take a large cigar out of he mouth . he strike a match off a thumb hook and light up . in the back , protect from sunlight by shade on the window , be Rachel . 178 . int . police station toilet day the door open , a panicked labowitz enter . labowitz : Chief , come quick ... eigerman [ from inside a stall ] : this better be good ... labowitz : pettine 's on the radio , they be under attack . eigerman : hot damn , we get contact ! he burst out of the stall , hitching he trousers . 179 . int . eigerman' office day eigerman enter , take the two - way receiver . behind he , decker , labowitz and kane enter the office . eigerman : pettine , what 's you situation . intercut : 180 . ext . necropolis int . eigerman' office day pettine on the radio , as the other try to keep back the flame . pettine [ into radio ] : the place be crawl with them ... they torch we car ...fuckin ' freak !... the transmission break up . eigerman turn to the other in the room . eigerman [ joyfully ] : ... sound the call , boy , let the bell of freedom ring , we get to mobilize . decker affectionately run he hand over he briefcase . 181 . ext . shereneck STREET day lori move down the street , blink through tear . babette [ v.o. ] : I be afraid ... lori : I have to go , babette , I have to get help . I will be back , I promise . you hide somewhere . the connection fade . lori wipe the tear from she cheek . 182 . int . police station day the crowd and journalist still hang around ; eigerman throw the door open . eigerman : listen up ! we get officer under attack , I need volunteer for a posse ! y'all sign up with Officer labowitz here ! he move back towards the office , as labowitz , clipboard in hand , be besiege with offer . 183 . int . eigerman' office day decker be sit with he briefcase open on he lap , gaze affectionately at the button head mask inside . he snap the case shut as eigerman re-enter , follow by the silent kane . eigerman dig a key out of he desk . eigerman : if you be gonna make a omelette you have to break egg , be not that right , Professor ? decker [ do not follow ] : sorry ? eigerman : Christmas come early this year . 184 . int . police station storage room day eigerman lead decker , kane and another cop down into the bowel of the station . he unlock a door and switch on a light . Warehouse inside be a virtual arsenal in a number of pack crate stencill with a martial insignia and the name : son of the free : shere neck brigade ' the crate be also stamp with they country of origin : South Africa and the Soviet Union . eigerman : ounce a ' prevention be worth a pound a ' cure . save for a rainy day , one day that day will come . do not matter if it 's commy , homo , freak or jap , we be ready . World class ordnance , Doc : the best private sector money can buy . kane , with a clipboard , go over supplies with the other cop . kane [ over above '' in he element ) : okay . we get you spankin ' new g3 thirty - odd -six Springfield semi-auto with roller - lock action and retractable stock . for standard carbine firepower , you can not beat this match - accurate galil ar 7.62 NATO assault rifle and for the sportsman in the crowd we carry this handy , double - pump , mossberg persuader , sling swivel double extractor , which also come in a light - weight single - barrel size for lady and junior - decker : marvelous , really , but - kane : now over here we be talkin' Damascus , high - carbon spetnatz shootin ' knife , and for that tough up - close - and - personal work , you can always count on you razor- wire / fishing - line garotte when nuthin ' else will do '' decker [ over kane ] : Captain , have you consider the possibility that knife and bullet will not be adequate to the task ? eigerman : show he , kane . kane [ pull off a shroud to unveil ] : that 's why we buy this cherry israeli Army high - octane linear- field flame thrower . eigerman : now I know what you be thinkin ' , Doc ; maybe there 's some sort 'a spiritual angle to all this . well , we get that cover , too . 185 . int . police station cell night a cell door swing open . decker and eigerman look in on the Baptist preacher , reverend ashberry . eigerman : reverend ashberry , you service be require . decker : he look like a drunk . eigerman : he be ; lose he way , poor bastard , [ haul ashberry to he foot ] you would not wanna miss the Day of judgment , now would you ? ashberry [ seem he 's be wait for this ] : the apocalypse ? it 's here ? eigerman : they be warming up for it over in midian . [ lead he out ] padre , you get you pious butt over to church and load up on some Holy Water and crucifix ... we be goin ' in there with God on we side . dissolve to : 186 . ext . police station day boone look out the window of he cell as a large , unruly posse muster outside in a variety of vehicle . a mix of survivalist fanatics in son of the free-labelled camouflage , marlboro Men with six - shooter , red-neck bozo with they diesel - dyke mama and heavily make - up bimbos out for a good time . the atmosphere be one of near carnival . accoutre for combat , kane and some other cop distribute the weapon . boone slump away from the window , he worst fear realize . reverend ashberry arrive , lug six full canteen and a arm-load of crucifix . he load into the back of a enclose , high - tech camper with eigerman and decker . eigerman blow a air-horn , claim the crowd 's attention . eigerman : you be all hereby deputize in the name of the law . now let 's kick some ass ! eigerman 's truck lead the caravan , which drive off , horn honk , war whoops and liquor - fuelle courage . as the dust clear now , leave more or less alone , lori look at the police station . a beat - up car squeal to a halt in front of she and the front door open . narcisse : hey , chickie , want a ride ? lori : no ... rachel : please . lori see Rachel and get in the car . 187 . int . beat -up car day narcisse drive around the block , smoking he cigar . narcisse : we have to get boone out , midian need he ... lori : what could he do ? rachel : he go into baphomet 's chamber . he speak with the baptiser ... narcisse : and survive ; nobody ever do that before . rachel : perhaps baphomet tell he something , something that could save midian . narcisse : where they keep he ? lori : Inside somewhere . he will be guard . rachel : he have power of he own . lori : tell I about it ; what 's happen to he ? narcisse : he be bitten by a nightbreed , see , the taint 's in he system ... rachel : boone have be turn , he 's one of we ... lori : okay . so what you be say be , you be say he 's dead . narcisse : hey , some of my best friend be dead . lori [ horrify ] : ... I be go out of my mind . narcisse [ to Rachel ] : see ? I tell you she would take it well . 188 . ext . highway day the posse head down the road , whoops and holler emerge from the dust cloud it kick up . 189 . int . cab of eigerman' truck day eigerman clean he silver - plate Magnum .45 , decker sit beside he hold he briefcase , across from ashberry , who 's frantically paging through a ancient Bible . eigerman : ever perform a exorcism , Father ? ashberry : no . eigerman : ever see one ? ashberry : no . eigerman : well I would start rehearsin ' if I be you . [ hand a gun towards decker ] why do not you hang on to that , Doc ? decker [ a little prim ] : oh no , I would not know how to use it ... ashberry [ find something in the book , read ] : listen ! ' so mose speak to the people , say " Arm yourselves for war and let they go and take vengeance for the Lord on midian ... " and so they burn with fire all the city where they dwelt and kill the king of midian , both man and beast ! ' eigerman [ with a wink ] : hey , how ' bout that , Doc ? sound like we be on a crusade against the Devil himself . ashberry [ not terribly convincing ] : I do not believe in the Devil . decker : oh ... you will . ashberry look at decker ; no trace of irony in he expression . ashberry sort through the canteen , find the one that do not have a white cross on it , open it and knock back two finger of bourbon . dissolve to : 190 . ext . shere neck police station day the sun sink low in the sky . the shadow be long . 191 . int . police station cell corridor day the station be eerily quiet . labowitz and a irish cop , connie cormack , guard the cell . two other cop patrol the end of the corridor . all heavily armed . labowitz move to the door of boone 's cell . 192 . int . boone's cell day the spy-hole cover be open . boone look up . labowitz [ from other side of door ] : hey , freak -face , we find you pal . they be gonna fry , just like you . give we a smile now . boone stare at the floor , depressed , defeat . 193 . int . cell corridor / office day labowitz chuckle and close the spy-hole . he walk back down to the coffee station near eigerman 's office , where cormack be pour two cup . he take out a flask , spike he mug and offer some to labowitz . cormack : Little irish in you joe , constable labowitz ? labowitz [ a bad brogue ] : do not mind if I do , constable cormack . there be a knock on the station door . they look at each other . cormack pick up he gun and cross to the door . cormack : who 's there ? rachel [ o.s. ] : help I , please . cormack : what 's wrong ? rachel [ o.s. ] : Accident . we need help . cormack decide to unbolt the door . on the step stand Rachel , shroud in black veil . only she eye be visible . they fix cormack . cormack : what 's the problem , lady ? she drop the veil . the other half of she face have disappear into smoke . cormack [ cont . ] : what the blaze ? her costume fall to the ground . her eye dissolve . as smoke , Rachel blow into the station . cormack fire through the smoke , yell as he do so . labowitz [ run towards the cell ] : hold them , connie ! 194 . int . cell corridor day the two other cop hear the shot and run towards the station . labowitz run back in with they before they get there , slam and bolt the door . labowitz [ to the other cop ] : hold you ground ! [ yell through the door ] cormack ? you all right ? 195 . int . police station day cormack turn back towards the door , see narcisse , scream and fire twice . narcisse flip one of the bullet out of he chest with a thumb -nail , then leap onto cormack , who manage to shoot himself in the foot . lori enter , slam the door and lock it . narcisse squat over cormack , hold he razor- nail under he chin . narcisse : where be he ? where 's boone ? cormack : cell f-f-f-five ... through the door ... narcisse [ grin at lori ] : I love a coward . 196 . int . cell corridor door day labowitz and the other cop confidently prepare for a siege . labowitz [ call back to boone ] : do not think you be get sprung , freak . no way they get through that door ; solid steel , armour-piercing shell would not even make a dent ... smoke seep through the key-hole , and from beneath the connect door . labowitz [ cont . ] : you hear I , freak ? no fuckin ' way ! the smoke from the key-hole begin to form into a face , which float on a cord of smoke / flesh from the key-hole . the smoke from beneath the door form into breast and rib cage , in which a heart beat . labowitz turn and see it . labowitz [ cont . ] : Jesus Christ ... he empty he gun through the smoke ; the two cop on the other side of the smoke be hit and go down . a arm move towards labowitz ; so do Rachel 's face . her beauty mesmerize he . her naked breast , which float beneath the head , barely connect to it as yet , enchant he even more . rachel : come closer ... I do not want to kill you ... her hand press labowitz 's rifle aside . Rachel 's lip touch he . he do not resist , but once he mouth be seal against hers he can not breathe . he try to raise the rifle , but she dash it from he hand . then she snatch the key from he belt and break the kiss . he fall to he knee , gasp . her body complete and naked , Rachel unlock the connect door , then start look for boone . behind she , as labowitz reach for he gun , narcisse 's hand reach in and grab he throat . narcisse : naughty , naughty . labowitz look up into narcisse 's scar face and faint . lori step past labowitz to the cell Rachel direct she towards . rachel : we do not have much time . lori : I know . lori unlock the door . 197 . int . boone's cell day lori [ nervous ] : boone ? boone [ wake ] : stay away from I . I will hurt you . lori : I do not think so . boone : you know what I do in that room ? I be a goddamn cannibal . stay away ! lori : they be go to come for you . boone : let they . let they find some way to kill I . lori : you can not die . midian need you . boone : midian 's just a hole in the ground . it 's full of thing that should lie down and stay dead . lori : all right . if not for the breed , then for I . you can not give up on we . boone : you talk like you be one of they . lori : maybe I wish I be . some little part of I . [ she put she hand on he face ] all I know be , I be not afraid of you . I know I should be , but I be not . I still want you , whatever you be . and I be not go to leave you . if they come for you , then they will have to kill I too . boone : no ! lori : so fight . for both of we . for all of we . I do not want to be dust . I want we flesh and blood . kiss I . I love you . he kiss she . first tentatively , then with great passion . 198 . int . cell corridor day narcisse knock , call through the door . narcisse : what the hell be you do in there ? intercut : 199 . int . boone's cell day Fucking , be the answer . they be wound around each other : lick , bite , gasp . boone thrust up into she . lori : yes ...yes ! narcisse [ to himself ] : Jesus . bastard do better dead than I do alive . 200 . int . police station day the connect door fly open , a rejuvenate boone and lori move into the office where narcisse and Rachel be wait . narcisse toy with the unconscious cormack . rachel : be we go ? narcisse : about time . boone : midian . narcisse : all right . boone : it 's about time they see the truth . 201 . scene deleted 202 . ext . necropolis gate late afternoon Gibbs , Joyce , Tommy and pettine wait outside the gate . pettine pace . Joyce look at he watch , move over to pettine and speak quietly . joyce : how long until dark ? pettine : two hour . two and a half . I tell them to bring gasoline . we will burn the bastard out . joyce : have it occur to you maybe we have get this all wrong ? we could be destroy ... I do not know , a whole new species . pettine : you see that fucker below , Lieutenant , same as I . that damn thing be just too weird to live . joyce : maybe they be just different . pettine : be not that enough reason ? Joyce stare at he . in background , Tommy start to holler . pettine call . pettine [ cont . ] : what be it ? Tommy be point frantically at a dust cloud in the distance . 203 . ext . road to midian late afternoon a violent cut to the roar of engine as we track with the fast - move posse . eigerman stand up out of a skylight in the cab of he truck , egg on the other vehicle with a rebel war cry . eigerman : yee-hah ! 204 . ext . necropolis gate late afternoon as the caravan appear . ecstasy . Tommy and Gibbs dance a jig together . gibb : it 's the fuckin ' cavalry ! the posse speed down towards the necropolis gate . 205 . ext . road to midian int . car dusk narcisse 's beat - up car speed down the highway towards midian . boone : how much further ? narcisse : a mile , maybe two ... we close in on Rachel , who stare ahead of she , as if in a trance . rachel : we be too late . narcisse : hang on ! steering hard , he veer the car off the road and into thick wood . branch thrash against the windshield . narcisse [ cont . ] : this be a shortcut ! 206 . ext . necropolis dusk the posse be busily at work around the necropolis , eigerman and kane supervise . some be lay trail of gasoline through the pathway . other be simply patrol , gun in hand . there be a air of nervous anticipation . ashberry come round a tomb and we follow he down a walkway , stare in awe at the mausoleum and statuary . look at a particularly large tomb , ashberry 's eye be captivate by a large , fantastically render marble winge angel . he approach it , reach up to touch it . the angel , a monster , turn to look at he with sad , impassive gravity . then we see its shadow on ashberry 's face and hear the slow , thick beat of its wing as it fly off . ashberry 's stunne . he fumble the top of he bourbon canteen off , take a long drink , then stop when he see a load of dynamite tape to the side of the tomb . he follow the wire that lead off it to another dynamite pack on a adjacent tomb and then another . he 's panicked . 207 . ext . necropolis dusk kane be escort eigerman and pettine down a pathway , point out the posse 's handiwork . kane : ... packet of plastique at every intersection , trip wire outside the biggest tomb , we figure that will be the major escape route ... eigerman : how much longer ? kane : five minute . eigerman [ into walkie- talkie ] : let 's pull back to the perimeter before we lose the light . we have get movement underground ; they be hearing it round the wall . ashberry [ approach they from the side ] : Captain ! kane : Jesus , not there , stop . [ ashberry freeze ] we get claymore plant in the rosebush , reverend , cut you nut off faster and a hedge clipper . ashberry : we have make a mistake , there be angel here , a heavenly host ... eigerman : you be drunk , asshole . ashberry dump the bourbon out of he canteen . ashberry : no. listen to I , it 's wrong , it 's sacrilege , this be holy ground ... eigerman : get the hell up that hill , you pinhead . ashberry : you bring I here because I be a man of God . eigerman : that 's right ; hang round here a couple more minute , padre , and you will be sit at he leave hand . now get you sorry ass out of the fuckin ' way ... eigerman backhand he . ashberry fall . eigerman , kane , pettine and the other cop begin to pull back . ashberry look up , as he hear grinding and growl in the earth . boone be lift off the top of a nearby tomb . ashberry be about to shoot when narcisse grab he around the throat , put a finger to he lip and signal he to be quiet . narcisse follow boone into the tomb . the tomb-lid scrape as it 's push back into place from beneath . ashberry start to pray . 207a . int . below midian boone and narcisse move through the panic underground , creature flee in every direction . boone see lylesburg , try to keep the panic down , move towards he . lylesburg : stay down ! stay where you be , they be wait for we above ... boone [ intercept he ] : no ! if you stay here you will be slaughter ... lylesburg : this be we home . boone : not anymore ... lylesburg : we belong here ... boone : listen to I , old man , the rule change ; if you want to live it will not be here and it will not be by you law ... other creature have stop , watch the confrontation . boone speak to they as well . boone [ cont . ] : if you ' want to survive we have get to fight back , we can not hide anymore ! [ to lylesburg ] what 's it gonna be ? lylesburg slump , acquiescing , unable to refuse boone 's assertion . boone [ cont . ] [ to narcisse ] : get the child above ground , find a hide place ... [ to the other ] get ready to fight ! [ to lylesburg ] what about baphomet ? can he be move ? lylesburg : yes . it could be do . boone : it must be do . Brothers and sister , it 's time to fight ! 207a . int . chamber leroy and lude listen to boone on the bridge . leroy : you hear what he say ? lude : what chance have we get ? they be armed . leroy [ open jacket ] : so be i. two one - eye snake , nest in leroy 's belly , slide up from he innard and wrap around he neck . leroy : they call we monster , remember ? they be afraid of we . let 's give them reason . lude : it 's a long time since I spill blood . leroy : you never lose the knack . 208 . ext . hill above the necropolis dusk from this high vantage point , decker watch the preparation below through binocular , with the glee of a pyromaniac at a fire-storm . the sun be set . he stare up at it , squinting into its brightness . the mask [ v.o. ] : ... I be wait ... Philip ?... decker look towards the patrol car park nearby . the front door be open . on the passenger seat sit he briefcase . decker quickly cross to the car . decker : be quiet . the mask [ v.o. ] : let I out , Philip . there 's go to be bloodsh . I want to see . decker open the briefcase . the mask and he knife be laid out inside . the mask : ah , that 's better . decker : we can not let anyone see we ... the mask : I want to be free ! joyce [ v.o. ] : decker ? decker swing round , slamm the case shut , as Joyce approach . decker : Lieutenant ... [ cover flawlessly ] you give I such a start . joyce : eigerman 's invite you to watch from the command post . decker : oh , I do not think I be up to it , really . joyce : ... I have get a bad feel about this . decker : believe I , Lieutenant , whoever or whatever 's live down there deserve what 's come . joyce : monster , you mean ? decker : unnatural , misbegotten creature . joyce : I do not know . the only monster I have ever see have a human face . as Joyce look down at the necropolis , decker sneak a anxious side - long glance at he briefcase . 209 . int . necropolis gate dusk the final explosive - layer exit , they back cover by flamethrower and machine - gun-cacarry mob member . a distraught ashberry be the last out . midian be now completely desert . dandelion seed drift down the walkway , catch in shaft of sunlight . 210 . ext . necropolis gate / command post dusk eigerman , pettine and kane , look at they watch . kane [ a pause '' then ] : ... t- minus fifteen second ... ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one ... eigerman : go. kane depress the detonator . there be two large explosion , follow by several smaller one . part of the necropolis wall be blast out . several member of the posse retreat . eigerman pull he pistol . eigerman [ cont . ] : you there , stand you ground ! [ fire a warning shot ] stand you ground , damn you ! the defector stop . several more chain explosion in necropolis . 211 . scene deleted 212 . scene deleted 213 . int . below midian narcisse be lead a group of child monster , as the explosion bring earth plunging down from the ceiling . Babies cry . monster scream . we see several creature howling in bestial terror . babette be separate from narcisse 's group by fall earth , nearly trample in the chaos . she be pick up by the dog-face man . babette : I want my mother . man : we will find she . 213a . int . peloquin' chamber night peloquin squat on the step overlook the fire-pit , listen to the sound of invasion from above . there be a mixture of fear and rage on he face . in the darkness opposite , kinski . kinski : we begin this . peloquin : I just want meat . I do not know he be go to cause this . kinski : there be prophesy . the seventh saviour . peloquin : I do not believe the prophesy and I do not obey the Law . you want to see I bleed for it ? all right , I will bleed . he exit the chamber . 214 . ext . necropolis gate / command post night smoke billow over the wall . eigerman move closer to the gate , listen to the wild cry from inside . he grab ashberry by the collar . eigerman : that sound like a heavenly choir to you , padre ? ashberry : I have to see ! ashberry shake himself free and head through the gate , into the necropolis . eigerman turn to the other , light a cigar . eigerman : pettine ! pettine : Chief ? eigerman : we be move in . pettine [ lock and load he machine - gun ] : yes , sir ! [ turn - address the posse ] we be movin ' in ! car engine be revve , headlight turn on , pierce the smoke . 215 . ext . necropolis night ashberry wander through the necropolis as the breed begin to emerge on every side . the air be full of sad , melodious sound , like whale - song . ghostly form appear from the smoke and drift towards he . ashberry [ in awe ] : dear Lord ... some of the creature brush he as they drift by : they strange beauty entrance he . ashberry : dear Lord ... forgive I ... there be image here which have the flavour of Christian iconography . mother and child . a man bleed from he brow . a creature with a halo of smoke . he wander on . 216 . scene deleted 217 . ext . outside necropolis night decker watch impassively . Joyce move towards the gate . as he reach it a extraordinary creature appear . joyce : my God . it mean no harm . Joyce step aside and the creature move off into the night . we cut back to decker . the mask [ v.o . ] : do not deny I Philip ... decker : soon . I promise . decker hear shout to he flank , step back , out of sight and see lori and Rachel emerge from a hide place , lori try to restrain Rachel from go in . rachel : babette ! lori : Rachel , no ! Rachel break away and run towards the necropolis . lori be alone . the mask [ v.o. ] : now , perfect , finish she . she 's the only one who know about we . decker : what about boone ? the mask [ v.o. ] : boone 's a monster . they all die tonight . decker [ smile ] : all right . the mask [ v.o. ] : quickly , Philip , we will lose she . the briefcase be open . the light of distant fire flicker on the mask . 218 . scene deleted 218a . int . necropolis boone and narcisse lead the column of breed , child and baby up from underground into the necropolis itself . boone : hurry up . narcisse : be this wise ? come above ground ? boone : if we stay below they will slaughter we . narcisse : this be they territory . boone : no . the night 's ours . now get the rest of the child up here , I be go to find a clear way through ! he head away , leave a frighten group of breed and child . 218b . ext . gate of necropolis night peloquin appear overground , scan the destruction before racing off . 219 . ext . gate of necropolis night eigerman address the assemble posse . eigerman : they be come out , and they be armed , so watch yourselves . it 's a fuck freak - show in there ! we be not take prisoner ! it 's we or they ! let 's clean up ! the engine rev , and the posse charge the gate . the lead vehicle , drive by a manic , grin kane , ram the gate , and crash through . kane : we or they ! we or they ! on the other side of the gate , peloquin appear in kane 's headlight . kane : shit ! peloquin jump up into the air as the car career towards he . we see he somersault in the air . kane hear he land on the car roof . we see peloquin on the roof , bend over the windshield . his face appear in front of a panic kane , the mouth suddenly open grotesquely wide . kane slam the break on . peloquin be throw off . kane : eat dirt , fucker ! peloquin be throw to the ground , he face catch in the blaze of headlight as kane 's vehicle revs and drive at he . kane [ ecstatic ] : yeah ! his momentum carry the car towards the crater blow in the ground . kane 's pleasure turn to horror . kane : oh shit ! shit ! he turn to swerve , but too late , the car head over the edge . wound , peloquin crawl off . 219a . int . midian core dirt fall from the roof . headlights appear . 219b . int . kane's car night the car slide into the earth . the gun stack behind he fall forward . kane : oh my Jesus ! 219c . int . midian core kane 's car drop through the roof of midian , fall through the core , break bridge as it fall . breed be throw off walkway to they death . the car strike the top of baphomet 's chamber and a plume of fire , follow by several small explosion , mark kane 's death . 219d . int . baphomet' chamber the explosion rock the chamber . dirt fall . baphomet look towards the roof , with great sadness on he face . 219e . int . initiation chamber boone enter the initiation chamber . lylesburg be stand beside the bowl of baphomet 's blood , which be bubbling furiously . boone : what the hell be you do down here ? we need help ! lylesburg : this be intend . boone : fuck that ! we be not go to lie down and die . lylesburg : it 's baphomet 's will . he 's go to destroy the natural , and we . everything , in one last fire . boone : how do you know ? lylesburg : look for yourself . he point to the bowl . boone : it 's go to blow ? lylesburg : yes . boone : he will destroy he own people ? lylesburg : better it end quickly . we can not escape they . we remind they of the darkness in themselves . they hate that . boone : so do i. I learn better . we can make it out . but I need fighter . lylesburg : we be not warrior ... boone : what about the berserker ? lylesburg : they be uncontrollable . boone : all the better . let they out . do not just stand there ! we be the tribe of the moon , remember ? doubt and fear mingle in lylesburg 's look , but he finally nod he head . lylesburg : I will release the berserker . boone : be quick . we have not get forever . yet . lylesburg smile . boone leave . the drummer be at the door . boone : you come with I . the rest of you get out of here . he exit with the drummer . 219f . ext . gate night the posse enter in large number , fire to leave and right . we see breed shot down . 219g . ext . necropolis night boone race to the entrance , to see eigerman 's posse move towards the necropolis . one of the posse have a flame thrower . he burn up the foliage . from boone 's p.o.v. we view the enemy : grin sweat monster . there 's no way out in this direction . 219h . ext . gate night lori look towards the conflagration . lori : oh Jesus , boone . behind she , we see a familiar , mask figure approach : decker . she do not hear he over the shout and scream . 219i . ext . necropolis night one of the posse fire a rocket into a giant breed who explode . boone react with horror at the destruction . when he turn back he see breed watch too , defenceless . boone : Arm yourselves ! defend yourselves ! you be not cattle , for Christ 's sake . they do not have any right to kill you ! he race back the way he come , and pull coffin from the wall , tear they lid off with supernatural strength . he break the wood into club . the breed watch he . boone : weapon ! you need weapon or it 's over ! one or two understand , and do as he 's do . boone : all of you ! they do as he order . boone : stop they get in ! they will kill the child ! 219j . ext . gate night lori turn to see decker appear from the darkness . he attack she , cut she arm . she back away before he can strike a second time , retreate towards the gate . then she turn and walk through the reed ; decker on she heel . 219k . ext . necropolis night the posse lead by pettine invade the entrance to the necropolis , engage in hand - to-hand combat with the breed . 219l . ext . necropolis night boone race through the necropolis , find that other posse member be break in from other side . boone : they be everywhere ! 219m . ext . necropolis night the nightbreed child hear the sound of slaughter approach . one of the breed with enormous , dark eye , speak . leopardo : we can not stay here . narcisse : he tell we to . leopardo : he can not help we . he 's too late . 219n . ext . necropolis night we see the posse shoot breed as they move towards the child . several be enter doorway that lead underground . 2190 . int . midian core posse enter the core , fire at anything that move . 219p . int . berserker ' corridor lylesburg , he leg break , be hobbling towards the berserker ' chamber , as the sound of gunfire get nearer . 219q . ext . necropolis night narcisse still keep a increasingly panicked group of breed and child from scatter . pettine and two bloody , grin posse appear through the smoke . pettine : look what we get here ! a freak - show nursery school . the group back away , but two more posse member appear , one with a flame - thrower , another with grenade . pettine : say goodnight . boone [ from above ] : goodnight . pettine look up . frame against the star , boone . he drop on pettine break the man 's neck . then he and narcisse lead the attack against the posse , dispatch they all . narcisse : what way 's safe ? boone : the west wall ! but be quick ! I be go after eigerman . 219r . ext . necropolis leroy and lude hide around the corner of a mausoleum . two posse member be beat a breed up with they rifle butt . leroy head out to help . lude : what 's the plan ? leroy : the usual . you take the big guy . [ he yell to the natural ] hey ! they turn . leroy raise he hand in surrender . leroy : I would not do that if I be you . 1st posse : give I a good reason why not . leroy : I will give you two ! the snake emerge from he body . 1st posse : shit ! he raise he gun , but lude flip over he head , landing behind he and in front of the 2nd posse member . lude 's eye blaze . lude : pretty gun . the 2nd posse member look down at he hand . the gun be cover in snake . he drop the gun . when he look up lude have go . he turn again , back off towards a monument . lude be there , a live devil hide amongst the carve variety . he take hold of the man , turn he round and drive he horn into the man 's neck . he stagger back , blood pour from the open wound . leroy , meanwhile , draw the 1st into a embrace . the snake strike . poison , the man die . leroy : look at this mess . lude : just like the old day . 219s . ext . necropolis kane lead two cop through the mayhem , fire to right and leave . he shoot a breed against one of the mausoleum . blood be spatter on he face . kane : look at this bastard . Fucking freak . he wipe the blood from he face . then he take off he spectacle , and wipe the blood off they . as he do so 1st cop yelp . 1st cop : yow ! kane : what ? 1st cop pull a quill from the back of he neck . 1st cop : where the fuck do that come from ? kane put he spectacle back on , and see shuna sassi in one of the mausoleum . she move sexily in the shadow . kane grin and start to approach . 2 nd cop : wait ... kane : it 's just a girl ... 1st cop be still rub the back of he neck . he be look sick now . 1st cop : I do not ... feel ...so...good ... kane push the mausoleum grille open , as the 1st cop kneel over , face down . the 2nd cop kneel to help he . meanwhile , kane have step into the mausoleum . shuna be in the corner , she spine cover with the swath of red cloth . kane : it 's ok , baby . he lower he gun . outside the 2nd cop turn the 1st over . he be froth at the mouth , he face blotchy and sweat . 2 nd cop : oh shit ! kane ! Inside again , shuna drop she cloth and leap at kane . 2nd cop now approach the mausoleum . 2 nd cop : kane ? as he reach the threshold , kane stagger out , he body and face pierce in dozen of place with shuna 's spine . he reach for 2nd cop . 2 nd cop : keep away from I ! in panic , he fire at kane , who fall to the ground . as the smoke clear a hand appear and stroke he cheek . he turn . it 's shuna . he scream , and fall to the ground at she foot , he arm cover in spine . he twitches , and die . she drop she swath of red cloth over the face of the three dead man . scene 220-224 deleted 225 . ext . necropolis gate night cut to eigerman 's leer , grin face as he fire at breed . ashberry emerge from the shadow and grab he . ashberry :. please , you have get to stop ... [ take out a pistol - point it ) there 's child down there , you be kill child ! eigerman : go ahead , faggot , [ pause contemptuously ] you have not get the ball to pull the trigger . eigerman snatch the gun away and pistol - whip he to the ground . eigerman draw a bead on ashberry 's forehead . eigerman [ cont . ] : lemme show you how it 's do ... nearby , Joyce see they , draw he weapon , ready to fire at eigerman when a shadow pass over he . he duck , he expression change from horror to wonder . ashberry [ eye close - hand clasped fervently ] : Father , I be heartily sorry for have offended thee ... eigerman : sorry , padre . nobody 's listen ... [ prepare to shoot ] boone [ v.o. ] : I hear you . eigerman turn , look and fire as boone leap at he . he roar , effortlessly pick eigerman up and body -slam he against the wall of midian . boone [ cont . ] [ to ashberry ] : get up ! ashberry : do not kill I ! boone : run , go on ! we do not like priest here . ashberry pull at he collar , tear it off , cling to boone . ashberry : no , no , take I , I have to see . boone get a sense of he commitment . he head off . ashberry follow . and , at a distance , so do Joyce . 226 . ext . necropolis night boone race through the walkway , ashberry follow . there be pitch hand - to-hand battle on every side . nightbreed be prevaile in some ; in other the mob repeat scene from the history we witness earlier : breed be beat or burn to death , impale on stake . boone assist some along the way , pull off they assailant . 227 . ext . necropolis gate night lori enter the necropolis , run through the smoke . decker follow . lori : boone ! boone ! 228a . scene deleted 229 . int . berserker ' corridor lylesburg have reach the door of the berserker ' chamber . he put the key in the lock . a shout stop he turn it . he look towards a man with a laser- sight rifle . man : yo ! the light from the rifle play on lylesburg 's robe . man : watch the pretty light . it move up towards lylesburg 's face , until it 's centre on he forehead . the man fire , kill he victim . lylesburg fall , hang from the door by the key chain around he neck . his many eye have open . the man grin . then hear a noise behind he . he turn to see the ferreol vee , creature like manta Ray that glide through the air , appear around the corner . they swoop towards he , separate . the middle one open its mouth as it strike he face . he be eclipse . when the vee pass on down the corridor , the man 's face be a bloody wreck . he fall to the floor , just out of reach of the berserker , who roar they frustration . 230 . int . midian core boone and ashberry be on one of the walkway , which be swinging violently . boone hear the berserker ' roar , and head towards the door that lead into they corridor , leave ashberry on the bridge , tear pour down he face . then he follow boone . as he reach the ledge he look back to see a fabulous beast , the mezzick - muul , and its beautiful rider , diadaria , appear . he watch , awestruck . 230a . ext . necropolis night lori race through the smoke and horror of the necropolis , as decker follow . 231 . int . berserker ' chamber boone reach the door . lylesburg be dead . boone pull the key from off lylesburg 's neck , and pull the corpse aside . then he turn the key in the lock . the door open . a rush of filthy wind emerge from the chamber beyond . then the berserker appear : lethal brute , all tooth , armour and muscle . one of they , ghost , take hold of boone , and there 's a beat when it seem certain to dispatch he . then a burst of light from baphomet 's chamber spill over they , and there 's a roar from they unseen God . they let boone go , and they be away . boone look towards the chamber , then head back towards the surface . scene 232-235 deleted 236 . ext . necropolis night Tommy lead a line of five posse member who have cornere a number of wounded breed against one of the wall . one of the creature attempt to scramble away . Tommy gun he down . he turn to the other gunman . tommy : watch this ! the two posse member prepare to kill the breed . the ground around they begin to shudder , and a fist burst out of the ground and grab the leg of a posse member and drag he down . another fist then burst out of the ground . then in silhouette the berserker climb out of the earth beside the posse . two of the posse turn , and fire at the berserker , who advance through the hail of the bullet , and quickly dispatch the two gunman . Tommy have begin to fire at the foot of the cornere breed , obliging they to dance . tommy [ laugh ] : dance , fucker ! the display get appreciative hoot and laughter from the three survive posse member , who - like Tommy - be as yet unaware that the berserker be advance on they . Tommy continue to fire at the ground around the breed , as one by one he three companion be dispatch by the berserker . we close in on Tommy , whose face be suddenly spatter with blood . he stop fire . he look round to find himself surround by berserker . the shadow fall over he . they hand take hold of he . we see the shadow of what they do to he on the wall : he body be tear apart . we cut to the berserker . ghost have Tommy 's gun , with the hand still attach . he toss it aside , roaring like King Kong . the wounded breed hurry away as the berserker head off in search of new mischief . 237 . ext . necropolis near the gate night with the tide turn inside the necropolis , a disorganize retreat be underway . eigerman be at the gate watch the remain of he ' army ' staggering away . Joyce be watch the scene . eigerman : stand you ground ! stand you ground ! they have get to come this way . we can mow them down . he climb up on a vehicle which be park at the gate . in the drive seat be Gibbs . beside he , a woman , she face smoke-stain , she expression near catatonic . eigerman : Gibbs ? gibb : Sir ? eigerman : light ! Gibbs switch the light on , to pierce the smoke . bad move . the illumination show the berserker appear . they approach the vehicle . eigerman : shit ! eigerman jump from the vehicle , as the retreate posse fire at the berserker . it 's a useless response . bloodie but unbow , the berserker run at the vehicle . the woman throw herself out , but Gibbs be not quick enough . one of the berserker push the vehicle up the wall of the necropolis , and blatz , a small , vicious creature , stamp on the roof . Inside , Gibbs cower as the roof be beat in . he be crush . Joyce , who have be watch this entire scene , move away from the gate towards the necropolis . the fire be die down somewhat , and a eerie half - light bathes the scene he move through . a few survive posse hurry away , fire at every movement in the shadow . back at the gate we see one of the escape berserker flip another car over , while he brother dispatch posse member . the survivor simply drop they weapon and flee . 237a . scene deleted 237b . scene deleted 238 . int . mausoleum night the dog-face man lie dead at the door and beside he babette , she face subtly bestial . Joyce hear babette weep ; she cry hit he hard . he go to she , gather she up gently in he arm . babette cling to he ; he see she arm be partially transformed into claw , but he keep hold she . boone emerge from the depth , into the wreck mausoleum . babette : boone ... [ he go to they ] lori . she 's hurt . boone : where ? babette point outside . 239 . ext . necropolis night lori run , decker follow , he step steady , relentless and gain . lori take another stride and the ground give way beneath she . she slide down into the earth . 240 . ext . necropolis night boone be tracking they , Joyce follow , carry babette , who have a vision . babette : falling ! 241 . ext . below midian Chaos , and collapse . Earth be fall all around . lori pick herself up and find she way back up be block by debris . she have no choice but to cross the sway walkway , while the air thicken with dust and smoke . there be only one or two breed leave alive down here , desperately collect they belonging . they exit the chamber leave the smoking bowl ... we track towards the bowl , as the content brighten and bubble . 241a . int . below midian lori descend a flight of stair , to find peloquin badly wounded at the bottom . peloquin : it 's all over . I do not believe the prophesy and now it 's all over . lori : what prophesy ? peloquin take she arm . peloquin : you want to see ? 241b . int . entrance to mural chamber night peloquin push lori ahead of he . peloquin : see ? we track towards the mural . lori can barely believe she eye . here , laid out on the wall , be a whole history ; and feature amongst its more recent addition , the face of boone . peloquin : yes , it 's he . boone squatting in front of he fire of love letter . boone dead in the reed . peloquin : all this year wait for a saviour . but he have not save we . he 's destroy we . I make he , and he 's destroy we . lori : make he ? peloquin : the bite be mine . the bite that mock death . lori : that do not make he yours . I belong here on this wall , just as much as you do . why be not I here ? peloquin : you be still a Natural . go back while you have still get a life . join you tribe . lori : that ? my tribe ? not any longer . peloquin : then die with we . it 's over . peloquin exit . lori look back at the image on the wall once more . then she exit . 242 . ext . necropolis night boone , Joyce and babette approach the hole where lori fall . babette : let I down . I can not go any further . boone : why not ? babette [ look down into the hole ] : baphomet . boone [ to Joyce ] : take she . run. Joyce nod and move off with she into the smoke . as she disappear , decker step forward from the smoke . decker : quite a dance , huh ? death everywhere and you and I in the middle . catch ! he throw the head of a breed at boone . decker : even the dead can die ! then decker strike out at he , slashing at boone 's face . boone fall backwards . at the last moment he catch hold of decker , pull he down into the hole and together they tumble into the earth . 243 . scene deleted 244 . int . midian boone and decker land on one of the rope bridge . boone head across it , pursue by decker , who slashes at he neck , cut he . decker : almost ! boone fall back . decker close on he , the knife at he neck . the force of he stab , which miss boone 's neck , break the board of the bridge . boone brace he foot beneath decker and toss he over . decker get up and approach he again , slashing the rope of the bridge with he blade as he come . the fighter connect and struggle , they violent motion carry they over the edge of the bridge , drop they down another level . decker land very heavily , and lie still . boone get up . his exit along the bridge in one direction be block . he have to step past decker who do not move . only when boone have step beyond he do decker get up , pursue boone across the bridge , and fling one of the knife at he victim 's back . the blade cut straight through boone , stick out from he chest a good six inch . he turn , he fury transform he into a more extreme creature . decker come at boone with a second blade , slashing at boone 's neck . the battle carry they off the bridge onto the stair . decker take hold of boone 's hair , prepare to deliver the coup de grace . boone reach for a weapon , find a skull , and smashes it into the mask . decker let go . boone tumble off the stair , fall face down on a card table . decker follow down the stair . boone pull the table off he chest , leave the Ace of heart on the blade in he chest . decker follow through , drive boone back into one of the breed 's room , where the fight continue . decker take a whip from the wall and use it to disarm boone , who have snatch up a bone to defend himself with . boone snatch up a second bone and retaliate , deliver blow after blow against decker , eventually knock the knife from he hand and drive he out on to the ledge once more . decker teeter on the edge , now defenceless . boone approach . boone : want to dance ? he snatch the mask off decker 's face and draw he close , impale decker on he own blade . decker scream . then boone push he off the blade , and over the edge of the ledge . decker fall . boone stand on the ledge , and spit down at the corpse . as he do so he hear the same roar from baphomet that call the berserker from harm he . out of it , come baphomet 's face . baphomet [ v.o. ] : boone ! 244a . int . lylesburg's chamber the chamber be empty of life . there be two or three corpse on the floor . we approach the central dais , on which be perch the statue of baphomet , surround by six white head . momentarily , line of light break from the statue 's head and strike the white head , which in turn begin to glow ... 244b . int . various chamber in the chamber we have see before we see copy of the six statue , in front of which be bowl of baphomet 's fluid ... they begin to glow , the brightness building . spark rise from the fluid . 245 . int . berserker ' corridor lori sit , exhaust , in the corridor . she look up to see boone , with the knife still transfix he . lori : my God ... boone : decker 's dead . take the knife out . lori pull the knife from he , and throw it down . baphomet [ v.o. ] : boone ! lori : do not go ... boone : I 'm. responsible . I have to . lori and boone head down the corridor , pass ashberry , who be stand in the shadow . lori and boone head down the stair towards the chamber . 246 . int . baphomet' chamber blind light . as boone descend into the chamber , he see eight nightbreed , survive member of a senior Council , Rachel among they , stand around baphomet . they be wrapping severe limb of baphomet , prepare to include he in the exodus . his head and shoulder remain suspend in the light . baphomet 's lip move , make a terrible , eloquent sound . Rachel translate , the deep voice we hear come from she lip . rachel / baphomet : come closer ... boone obey . baphomet 's remain arm reach down and hold boone , as baphomet 's face stare down at he . rachel / baphomet : ... you have destroy we refuge ... boone : I never mean ... baphomet silence he . boone tremble but maintain eye contact . rachel / baphomet : this be foretold . no refuge be forever . but you be charge . . . boone : yes ... rachel / baphomet : ... you must rebuild what you have destroy . boone : where ? rachel / baphomet : that you must find yourself . in the world above . boone : I do not ... I do not know how ... rachel / baphomet : you shall not be alone . you will find I there and heal I . [ hold he close ] you be not boone ... and now the word emerge from baphomet himself , shaking the chamber . baphomet : ... you be cabal ! boone / cabal be release . baphomet be consume in light . the Council move towards he to finish they task . lori [ o.s. ] : boone ? boone / cabal turn ; lori stand at the bottom of the slope , offer a hand . he take it , they start up the slope . cower in a niche inside the chamber , out of sight , watch in wonder be ashberry . transfix by baphomet , he cross himself . boone / cabal glance back . the Council receive piece of baphomet from the light wrapping he smoking fragment in shroud . the light build to its brightest level . piece of ceiling begin to fall . 246a . int . various chamber the bowl start to explode with spark of white light . 247 . int . below midian boone / cabal and lori race up towards the surface , as midian continue to collapse around they . 248 . int . baphomet' chamber ashberry descend the stair into the blaze of light . tear pour down he cheek . he watch as the Council prepare to take down baphomet 's head . near to he be one of the bowl of baphomet 's light . ashberry approach it , hungry for a taste of this glory . he reach to touch the bowl . as he do so baphomet 's eye fix on he . the bowl flip in the air . the fluid it hold rain down on ashberry like acid . he fall back , he body smoking . 249 . ext . necropolis night boone / cabal and lori reach the surface and race through the ruin necropolis , flame all around they . and then , behind they ... 250 . int . baphomet' chamber the tentacles attach to baphomet 's head be detach . the blaze of light instantly begin to diminish ... 250a . int . midian core the light start to go out in the core , and earth begin to pour from the tunnel . we see it flood the various corridor , with a shudder roar . 250b . int . baphomet' chamber we glimpse baphomet 's head be cover by the Council , as the roar increase ... CUT to : 251 . ext . outside the gate night boone / cabal and lori find Joyce , hold babette , protect she , near the gate . Joyce step back from the form of Rachel , who pull she veil around she and hold out she arm . rachel : give I my child ... Joyce look at lori , boone / cabal , at babette and Rachel . he tenderly hand the child over . Rachel hold babette and they both disappear into the darkness . joyce [ to boone / cabal ] : ... I never understand ... nobody ever tell I ... he step away from they and the night engulf he . dissolve to : 252 . int . midian core the earth have almost obliterate the core entirely . 253 . ext . outside the gate night the roar cease . silence . 254 . ext . necropolis lori and boone stand in the reed as the last , bright bloom of the fire die away on they face . figure move away through the smoke , creature we recognize . the drummer beat out a tattoo as they depart . narcisse appear from the darkness . as he do so , a final explosion roar up from the underground . in the smoke pillar above the site , baphomet 's image momentarily appear before the wind disperse it . narcisse : never piss off a God . lori look up into the sky . CUT to : lori 's p.o.v. of the sky , with other breed , spirit of smoke and light , move away into the night . lori : where be they go ? narcisse : any hide place they can find . it will be dawn soon . boone : when I need you where will I find you ? narcisse : you will find I . and you will need I . he reach to shake boone 's hand . narcisse : never touch a legend before . he laugh he manic laugh . narcisse [ cont . ] [ to lori ] : good night , pretty . he fade into the night , the laughter go with he . 255 . ext . near midian night in the distance , the burn ruin of midian . the wind sigh in the moonlit reed . cabal and lori reach the top of the hill , turn and look down , stand apart . cabal : I will have to start tonight . lori : I will go with you , boone . cabal : I be not boone , lori . do you understand ? I belong to the breed now . lori : then make I belong too ; they make you one of they , you can do it to I ... cabal : I can not ... lori : I want to be with you . cabal : I will come back for you when I be finish ... lori : and when 's that gonna be , when I be ninety and you be still the way you be ? I go through hell to find you and you just , just walk away from I ? [ pause ; broken-hearted ] well go on , then , just go . go on ! what more do you want ? leave I some dignity , for Christ 's sake ! pause . she turn away , try not to show he she pain . cabal turn to go . lori turn back , see he go . she can not bear it , look around , see decker 's briefcase lie beside the police car . run to it , find a knife . lori : boone ! he turn . she put the blade to she belly and drive it in . cabal : lori , no ! she cry out and sink to the ground in terrible pain . he reach she and hold she in he arm . lori : I lie , I lie , you be all I want . cabal : do not die , God , lori , do not die ... lori : well why do not you do something about it , God damn it ... remember what you say ... [ fade ]... quickly ... he raise she neck to he mouth . her eye flicker close . he bite . a fatal , bloody kiss . he rise from she . her eye be close . cabal : ...too late ?... oh God , too late ... her eye open . she 's turn . lori : you say you would never leave I . she grin , press up to kiss he bloody mouth . camera move up off they to find the moon and we : dissolve to : 255a . ext . necropolis day we track through the ruin of the necropolis . the wall be blacken by fire that be almost extinguish ; corpse [ human and breed ] lie in barely distinguishable bundle , from which partially cremate limb jut . smoke hang in the air . from the distance we see eigerman , go amongst the corpse , reclaim gun , bullet and grenade . as we get closer we realize that he be a break man , he face dirty , he eye lunatic . he 's be cry , the track mark the dirt . suddenly , he hear a noise , and stand up to see a large figure appear from the smoke . he go for he own gun , levelling it at the figure as it approach . eigerman : keep you distance ! the figure keep come , emerge from the smoke . it 's ashberry . he have be transformed by the confrontation with baphomet . his hair have be almost burn away entirely and there be a subtle reconfiguration in the shape of he skull . his clothes be in tatter . there be hint that he once break body , poison by alcohol , have take on new strength . he look as insane as eigerman , but stronger in he lunacy . there 's a dangerous fervour in he eye . ashberry : I see they God ... I see he ... eigerman : what the hell be you talk about ? ashberry : I can still smell he . he 's out there ... ashberry walk past eigerman towards the exit from necropolis . eigerman : you mean you can find they ? ashberry : oh yes . eigerman : we will go together then . you can lead I to the bastard . then I will wipe they all away . ashberry : no . they be mine . they God burn I . I want to burn he back . all of they . burn they all away . eigerman : you can not , you do not have the wit ... ashberry turn on he , he face wild . he take hold of eigerman by the neck , he finger digging into the muscle . blood run . eigerman try to raise the gun but ashberry take hold of the man 's hand , and summarily snap he wrist . the gun be drop . ashberry start to lift eigerman up off the ground . the policeman 's flailing stop suddenly . the head loll . ashberry fling the body aside , and start out of the necropolis . as he approach the exit he look up . sunlight fall on he face . CUT to : 256 . ext . moon night shine , full . we move down to find a derelict barn , stand alone in a vast field . dissolve to : 257 . int . barn night we track through the darkness to find Rachel , babette , kinski and a number of other refugee and child of midian , stare out at the night . babette : ... who will come for we ? kinski : his name be cabal . he unmade midian . babette : how soon ? rachel : on the next wind . if not tonight , then tomorrow . babette gaze out over the cornfield . babette : on the next wind ... dissolve to : 258 . ext . hill night cabal and lori , stand on the hill , against a background of star . babette [ v.o. ] : ... if not tonight ...tomorrow ... dissolve to : 259 . int . below midian night move through the ruin chamber , illuminate by die flicker of flame , we find and track along the end of the heroic mosaic / mural . it tell , in a rush of image , the story of the ruin of midian . camera come to a stop on the final image : cabal and lori , as we just see they , on a hill , frame against the star-filled heaven . the sound of the wind ... fade to black .