nigetflyer by Robert jaffe base on the novella by George R. R. Martin fade in : int . avalon spaceport terminal ; concourse - night we be move rapidiy down a narrow , dimly light tunnel ina silent , bubble - top shuttle vehicle . there be no driver . seat in the leave front seat be miranda dorlac , a extraordinarily beautiful , athletically - build young woman wear a yellow flight suit . patch identify she as a member of the " volcryn expedition " from avalon University . to miranda 's right be vladimir d'branin , the expedition leader . a tall , gaunt man in he early forty , d'branin be type rapidly into a portable computer . miranda glance behind she where we see audrey zale , lilly kent , darryl fontaine , and owl keelor , all of they wear voicryn expedition flight suit . audrey be a intense - look brunette in she late 20' . lilly be a pudgy 30 year old brunette , darryl be a compact , slightly effeminate man in he late 30' . owl be a good- look former jock , who iook ten year clder than he 27 year . miranda lock back at d'branin and smile , see he 's still type into he computer at a furious pace . close on the computer display - the screen show a project flight path for a ship call " the nightflyer " , head for a rendezvous with a something call the volcryn , represent by a blink yellow symbol . at the bottom of the screen the time and date be display : 4:46 a.m. 6/26/2087 avaion University a bell tone be hear and the shuttle pull to a rapid stop . it turn to the right , then rise upwards . Light begin shine down through the tinted glass bubble . int . hangar ( miniature ) ~ night the shuttle can be see rise up from the tunnel into a enormous hangar . int . shuttle ; ( in hangar ) - night each of the team member react strongly to the sight that await they there . there Pov : ( through shuttle window ) - " the nicghtflyer " be a a ochre -color cargo vessel , with three spherical hold and muscular , backswept wing that give it the appearance of some kind of prehistoric beast . the ship be beautiful , in the way certain spider be beautiful . great cloud of steam issue from it 's tail section . its engine generate a powerful , throbbing noise , as if a alien factory be operate deep within its boweis . int . shuttle - night the glass bubble rise with a soft hiss . d' branin hurriedly put he computer into he flight bag and get out , as do the other . owl take a flask from he flight suit and knock back a quick drink before join they . int . hangar - night the shuttle 's bubble top close and the vehicle descend back into the tunnel . the team walk closer to the nightfiyer . lilly it 's beautiful ... owl if you be into dinosaur . it look 60 year old ... miranda it 's a lot older than that . d'branin it 's a excellent ship . audrey even if it it be the only one we could afford , right ? d' branin look at she sharply , but he do not deny it . owl whisper to audrey : own I would feel better if we be take ene of the University 's garbage rig than whatever the hell that be ... miranda be stand too far away for a normal person to have hear he , but she fill in the biank : miranda it 's a celidian 9000 ... one of the quark thrusters series . owl and audrey look at she , wonder ... angle on the nightflyer - the ship 's run light come on , revealing contour and texture that give the ship 's metal skin a almost reptilian quality . close on miranda ~ she regards the ship with respect . they be all startle by a loud hissing noise , as a airlock near the front of the ship slide open , and a board ramp be lower to the ground . d' branin hesitates , look around as if wait for someone to arrive . he turn to miranda . d'branin this be where we be to meet jon and Dr. Scott . he check he watch and look in both direction . there be no sign of they approach . miranda they may already be on the ship . d' branin nod . his mind be already on the exnedition , and he head for the board ramp , oblivious to the other . miranda turn back to the team , smile encouragingly . miranda let 's go . angle on d'branin - he mount the ramp . miranda follow closely behind , and then the other . there Pov - the ramp lead up into the dark oval open . close on the portal - at the top of the open , we see a hide video camera aim downward . int . nightflyer ; royd be cabin ~ night in the center of the command console , a large oval - shape monitor show a point of view of d'branin and the other follow he up the ramp . the picture zoom in on miranda 's face until it fill the screen . int . nightflyer ; MAIN corridor - night d'branin and miranda step ineide . the reat of the crew tentatively follow they through . there Pov ~ like the exterior cf the ship , the interior suggest a fusion between machine and animal . the dimly - light corridor be furnish in a biend of rich~looking fabric and rough - texture , overlap metal plate . there be a feel of great age to everything , as if it be a immaculately keep exhibit in a museun . angle on miranda - miranda go to the wall , touch the strangely texture fabric . she look at she teammate . angle on audrey - she walk over to examine a painting hang on the wall . insert : the painting - it suggest munch 's '' the scream " , paint by a highly disturb alien . : darryl put a hand on audrey 's shoulder and she jump . darryl sorry . admire the art work ? audrey I guess that 's what it be . they walk away , not notice that the figure in the painting move , ever so slightly , as if it have a life of its own . d' branin call out : d'branin royd ... Captain ... a soft , androgynous - sounding voice come over the com system . royd ( v.0 . ) T be here , Dr. d'branin . welcome to the nightfiyer . I apologize for not be able to greet you and you crew in a more personable fashion ... everyone look around for the source of this voice . royd ( v.0 . ) --- but iam presently occupy ina manner which prevent this . close on miranda - she notice something up near the ceiling and we follow she gaze . her Pov ; a tiny video camera pan in they direction . miranda look at d'branin , nervously glance at he watch . d'branin Captain , there be two other member of we team who be to meet we here ... royd ( v.0 . ) you be the first to arrive . royd ( v.0 . ) as we be schedule to take off in less than a hour , there be a great deal I must attend to . I 'li join you in the lounge , after takeoff . d'branin thank you . he gesture for the team to follow he , down the hall toward the lounge . they look at one another , wonder what they have get themselves into .° int . royd be cabin - night close on the oval monitor - we see the team approach the entrance to the lounge . a adjacent monitor show a view of the hangar where we see another bubble - top vehicie rise up out of the hangar floor , in the same place we team arrive . two figure emerge from the vehicle . int . hangar - night close on jon winderman - good-look , in he early 20' , jon be a unsettle mixture of wholesomeness and degeneracy . stand beside he be dr . eliza scott , a very pretty , red - haire woman of about 30 . she be jon 's personal physician and companion : he " psypsych . '' they pick up they flight bag and we move with they , as they begin walk toward the ship . we begin to hear a rhythmic , rushing noise , which continue as they approach the ship . close on jon - he stare at the ship then turn to eliza , as if unwilling to trust he impression . close on eliza ~ she be also study the nightfiyer , then she turn to jon . jon be Pov : eliza - we can hear she speak , although she be not move she lip : eliza ( v.0 . ) be you get anything cff of it ...? jon pause , smile a strange , fracture smile . he answer she telepathically : jon ( v.0 . ) nothing ... worth mention . eliza look worried . jon look over at the ship again and smile with more assurance . jon honest . eliza leok dubious . she walk ahead of hin , step up on to the board ramp . jon lock up at the ship for a moment , then follow she . int . lounge - night the room serve as the main live / dining space for the ship . wine -color , oddiy texture fabric lining the walis and alien-style furniture give this room a strange , medieval quality . one wall lead the the galley . the opposite wall be a giant video monitor which provide a view from the camera on the nose of the ship . the team be seat a the oval - shape table , make pre- flight preparation angle on d'branin ~- look extremely tense , he glance at he portable computer , then address the team : d'branin accord to the latest transmission from avalon , the volcryn be maintain the plotted flight path . d'branin turn to mixexia , who continue . miranda we should reach the rendezvous point in eight day . then we will have a ten day window , during which they will make they appearance . hopefully . d'branin look at the team as if somehow try to convey he excitement about the expedition to they . d'branin in spite of all we research , there be no way to anticipate what we will actually encounter when we meet ... as he be speak , the door to the lounge open silently behind he , revealing jon and eliza . d'branin ( continue ) «what remain as one of the oldest mystery of the universe ... d'branin be Pov - everyone in the room , stare in he direction . ( in actuality at jon and eliza . ) d'branin realize that the team be not look at he . he turn around to see jon and eliza . d'branin ( v.0 . ) thank God , they make itt ... everything be fall inte place .. close on jon - he scan the people seat around the table . jon' Pov ~ time seem to nearly stop , as d'branin rise , and walk slowly over to greet they . d'branin I would like all of you meet the final two member of we team . we be most fortunate to have jon winderman , one of the University 's six certified class 10 telepath ... and Doctor Elizabeth Scott , jon 's personal physician and a class three in she own right . meanwhile , from John 's Pov we see the team and hear they thought ; sometimes clearly and sometimes overlap : audrey ( v.0 . ) oh. he 's gorgeous .... but I can not stand the bitch with hin ... shit ! he 's read my ... owl ( v.0 . ) certify ..? or do he say , certifiable ? the higher the rating , the more unstable they be ... darryl ( v.0 . ) if you be read this , jon ... I just want you to know I think you be a wonderful human be ... lilly ( v.0 . ) if we miscalculate plus or minus one half of a percentage with the volcryn flight path , we should still be within ... why be everyone so ...? when jon reach miranda 's face , there be absolute silence . close on jon : ~ he start to look away , but come back again , as if something be wrong . close on miranda - she look at directly at jon , she expression perfectly blank . her Pov ; close on jon - he continue to stare at miranda as 4f extremely puzzied . he Pov : close on miranda - she smile ever so slightly . although she do not move she lip , we can hear she whisper : miranda ( v.0 . } just a littie trick I learn ... close on jon - he smile at she , impressed . jon ( v.0 . } I have a few of my own you might like . close on eliza —- she watch and listen in - on this " conversation " between jon and miranda . back to scene - jon turn around as d'branin finally reach he , extend he hand at normal speed . d'branin jon ... eliza ... please sit down . improptu greeting be exchange around the room , as eliza and jon take they seat . royd 's soft voice can be hear over the com system : royd ( v.0 . ) prepare for takeoff . the room light dim slightly . while d'branin continue he he orientation speech to jon and eliza . d'branin we have be approach the task of establish communication from every possible avenue . close on the wall screen ~ it offer a view of the hangar as the door begin to slide open . 10 wer int . royd be cabin - night the large oval monitor show the jlounge where d'branin can be see speak to jon and eliza : a silver - glove hand pick up a intricately carve lightpen , aim it a icon on the control panel represent a fusion generator . as the pen flash , the icon glow a golden color . a faint rumble be hear from somewhere deep within the ship . int . lounge ~ niget the chair around the oval table automatically lower into horizontal position as d'branin finish he speech : d'branin in the end , you talent may prove to be successful where we machine fail . : only time will tell ... the team glance at one another , reacting to the oddness of take off into deep space , in a strange ship , with a captain they have yet to see in person . close on the wall - size monitor ~ it show a spectacular view of space through the now-open hangar door . smoothly , almost silently , the ship pass through the hangar , ewiftly building up speed as it leave avalon . ext . avalon spaceport ( miniature ) - night the nightfiyer recede into the darkness of space . int . nightflyer ; lounge - night the sound of the nightflyer 's engine reach a high - pitch whine and a strong vibration pass through the ship . 41 close on the wall monitor - the view from space change dramatically as we approach the speed of light : we field of vision blur , flatten out into a lustrous , deep blue radiance . back to scene - the chair rise into upright position and the team unstrap themselves . now that they have actually take off , d'branin relax a little . ee look around at the ship like a little kid who 's get control of a toy store . royd ( v.0 . ) the nightflyer have lock into star @rive . you be all free to move about the ship . miranda quietly ask lilly : miranda how long before we can switch to on - board tracking ? lilly as soon as we drop out of drive . d'branin and the transmitter ? lilly we should be able to test it out by tomorrow afternoon . d'branin excellent . he turn to audrey who 's nervously chew on she fingernaiis in anticipation of he question . d'branin and what be the projection for decode the voleryn disc . 12 audrey '' @ I have run it through every know _ . decryption algorythm . there 's just no internal logic to the signais ... look , viadimir , I get the disk less than a month ago . you can not expect miracle , d'branin be silent for a moment . then he address audrey slowly , carefully and with a distinct edge to he voice : d'branin I do not expect miracy . but I expect that by the time , we drop out of drive , you will have achieve some kind of breakthrough that will enable we to begin to understand and communicate with this creature when we meet they . 7 % audrey be silent , obviously not share he optimism . she . @ exchange glance with lilly : - audrey we be work on a self - modify transmission pattern ... as a backup . d'branin I see . perhaps you ought to turn the @isc over to jon ... as a backup . audrey that 's not fair , Vladimir ! I be do everything I ... jon I do not think it 's a good idea . everyone turn to jon , include eliza who glare at hin , speak telepathically : @ eliza ( v.0 . } what the hell be you ...? 13 e jon ignore she , address d' branin : mee jon I do not want anything that could confuse the signal I be pick up . d'branin what signal ? eliza speak calmly , attempt to dilute the anxiety : eliza he 's a universal conductor . you have no idea how much cosmic garbage come through hin . ( smile at miranda ) anything of significance will develop into a pattern . to jon it have ... -@ everyone turn to he again . jon I just can not put it into word yet . eliza hide she distress , speak to jon telepathically : eliza ( v.0 . ) what the hell be you do ? d'branin the voleryn ? jon I do not think so ... just then , a intense beam of red light shine down from the ceiling . royd erris , the captain of the nightflyer materialize in the chair opposite d'branin , in the form of @ a shimmer , holographic projection . 14 the holograph be a handsome , pale - eye young man with short , copper-color hair . he wear grey , metal - flake clothes that wrap loosely around he body . royd' bolo I apologize for my tardiness but it be unavoidable . angle on owl and audrey - he whisper to she : . owl be this some kind of joke ? audrey shhhhhh . miranda and d'branin exchange glance . d'branin be as perplex as the other , but he try to appear nonchalant . d'branin glance up at the ceiling where the holographic projector be hide , and then back at the ghostly figure sit opposite hin . d'branin ah ... how shall I phrase this ..? royd' holo you be curious about my present form ... d' branin nod he head . close on royd' holograph ~ a smile form on he lip . royd' holo I find that on the nightfiyer , there be always a great deal of work to be do , and only a finite amount of time in which to do it . by send out my holograph , iam , ina manner of speak , able to be in two place at once ... no disrespect be intend . be the team exchange glance in reaction to this . d' branin however , act as if he 's satisfied with royd 's explanation . d'branin none take ... I would like to introduce you to my team ... angle on owl - he whisper to lilly : owl this be the wierdest fuck thing I have ever see ... lilly ( whisper to audrey ) look at he . it 's like he 's look right through you . oe audrey what do you expect from a holograph , eye contact ? '' @ close on the holograph - his unsee eye seem focus on miranda . d' branin turn to she . d'branin royd erris , this be ... royd' holo forgive I for interrupt , but I have aterrible memory for name . miranda smile . apparently she be the only one who find this amusing . . royd' holo there will be more than enough time , for all of we to become acquainted ... e he seem distract by something across the table . 16 angle on jon and eliza ~ eliza see that jon be stare off into space , with a pain look in he eye . she take he hand , whisper telepathically . . eliza ( v.0 . ) what be you feel ? a fine sweat break out on jon 's face . eliza ( v.0 . ) talk to I , dammit ! close on jon - the vein on he neck swell and throb visibly . we hear the rush sound which we hear earlier , when he first see the ship . he speak aloud : jon pressure . everyone in the room turn to he . d'branin what be that ? eliza quiet ! please .... close on jon - he hold he head as the pressure increase . the rushing sound grow progressively louder . close on miranda - she look from jon to royd 's holograph . her Pov : a look of concern come into the holograph 's face . int . royd be cabin - night the conference table be feature in the master console . the camera zoom in until jon 's face fill the screen . he ljook terrify . the silver glove hand quickly pick up the lightpen , flash it at the oval monitor . the screen go black . i7 int . lounge - night close on jon - a shudder pass through he body , then he relax . . jon it 's go . the other member of the project stare at he . and then at royd 's holograph , which have remain in he chair seat at the head of the table , throughout this incident . eliza look closely into jon 's eye , speak aloud : eliza be you okay ? close on jon ~ he nod he head , but telepathically we hear : : jon ( v.0 . } no ... I be not ! close on eliza ~- she cover she concern , ask aloud : eliza can you talk about what you feel ? jon be have trouble maintain he self - composure . he answer telepathically . jon {( v.0 . ) no ! please get I out of here ! the crew look at one another uneasily . eliza smile , address they in a calm , deliberate manner . eliza there 's nothing to be concerned about . I be afraid jon be a little oversensitive from he last expedition and he need some time to adjust to the ship . I be go to take he back to we cabin , to rest . 18 ah she start to help jon to he foot , but he manage on he own . the door open and they leave . the team member glance uncemfortably at one another and then at the holograph , still seat at the head of the table . royd' holo I be sure you all have work to attend to , as I do , so I will bid you goodnight . d'branin very well , Captain . goodnight . the holograph disappear . do branin pause a moment , and then act as if nothing unusual have happen , glance at he flight intinerary . he resume where he leave off earlier : d'branin as soon as we drop cut of drive , we be go to need a complete spectral analysis of the entire target area which the volcryn be due to pass through . owl ... owl look from d'branin up to the recess holographic projector in the ceiling . owl complete spectral analysis ... no problen . the rest of the team look questioningly at each other and then at d'branin , . fade to : int . jon and eliza' cabin ; - night eliza open the door and help jon over to he bed . he lie down , and she sit beside he . eliza can not you control yourself ? 19 we hear the rushing sound , which grow louder as we move in closer to jon . he turn back to stare up at the ceiling . eliza you can not do this to I again ! he Pov ~ for a brief flash , the wall cover of the room seem to burn away , revealing a network of vein carry a pulsing , vermilion - color liquid throughout the ship . eliza ( v.0 . ) jon ... back to scene ~ eliza see that he 's go into a trance . she check he eye , breathe , and pulse . open up she medical kit , she take out a hypodermic gun and load ina vial contain a purple liquid . eliza place the gun against jon 's neck and pull the trigger . he begin to relax almost immediately . eliza watch he a moment , then sit down beside he , stroking he forehead . int . royd be cabin ~ night we see the same image on the oval monitor cf royd 's console . fade to : int . cargo BAY # 1 - night audrey and lilly be unpack the last of the computer and communication equipment , set it up against the false wall of the bay . they pause to catch they breath . audrey we be stick here in a cargo bay , on a ship captain by a holographic projection , fly with a unstable telepath , on a mission to establish communication with the most alien life form in the universe ... 20 lilly eo it 's perfect . she start run some test on the tracking system while audrey enter command via a keyboard . audrey the ship do not seem to have any crew , except for royd , right ? lilly we would have no way of know ... but for the sake of argument ... audrey os why not complete automation ? lilly no reason I can think of . . audrey @ I bet royd erris do not even exist ... I bet that holograph be just a a sophisticated artificial intelligence . lilly it would have to awfully sophisticated , df it 's just a program audrey we will find out , one way or the other . . lilly do not you think there 's something else you should find out , first ? audrey what ? @ lilly switch on a small disc player and we hear a series of arythmic , wave - like sound . audrey shut the disc . 24 audrey please . I have already memorize it . I go to sleep with it ... I dream about the volcryn disc ... it 's become the single most irritate sound in my entire life . ligly maybe you should let jon listen to it . audrey no way ! besides he say it would confuse he ... I will figure the damn thing out myself ... although I would not mind work with hin . lilly make a adjustment on the transmitter and it begin emit a high - pitch squelch . lilly pardon ? audrey nothing . she put on a pair of headphone and set to work once again on the dread volcryn disc . int . royd be cabin - night close on the oval monitor - we move back to reveal this scene be watch on the large screen . the other screen show the rest of the team in they separate quarter . the silver - glove hand flash the lightpen , change the image on the oval monitor to d'branin ' 's cabin . on the oval monitor - d'branin be seat at he desk speak into a microphone attach to he portable computer . the visual on the screen range from cave drawing to computer - generate image . 22 d'branin when Jesus of Nazareth hang die on -@ he cress , the volcryn pass within a@ light ~ year of he agony , head outward . the image switch to cargo bay # 2 , where owl be work on a small hydrepenic garden . behind he , a makeshift biological laboratory complete with some sort of robotic , surgical / scanner device have already be set up . d'branin 's narration continue ; d'branin ( 0.s. } when the fire war rage on Earth , the volcryn sail near Old Poseidon , where the seas be still unnamed and unfinish . the image change to the small private cabin where we see eliza attach some sort of monitoring device to jon 's forehead , while he lie asleep . a @ d'branin ( 0.s. ) when kleronomas the great tock he survey ship out in search of new treasure , he come within ten light year of the volcryn . kleronomas find many thing , but he do not find the voleryn ... the image switch to darryl in the galley , load the team 's supplies into they respective place . d'branin ( 0.s. ) } when I be a childof three , kleronomas the great be dust , as distant and dead as Jesus of Nazareth , the volcryn pass close to daronne . the image change to a corridor where miranda be walk to jon and eliza 's cabin . the door open and eliza stand e protectively block the entranceway . 23 miranda ask something about jon , which eliza answer with sone irritation . but then she say something else which make eliza laugh and she look less threaten by miranda . the door close . int . corridor outside jon and eliza' cabin - night close on miranda - as she walk away , she sense the camera up on the wall silently pan to follow she . int . royd be cabin - night miranda 's image grow on the oval screen as she approach . we sense royd 's grow fascination with this beautiful woman , it become even more apparent as the lightpen flash , freezing she in space , before return to d'branin 's cabin , as he complete he report on the voleryn . . d'branin ( 0.s. ) when I be grow , the volcryn sail beyond the galaxy of tara , past the range of even the crey , still head outward .... he stare at a color picture up on he wall of a beautiful spiral nebulae . we move in until it fill the screen . dissolve to : ext . nightflyer ~ hyperspace - night the ship be a blur of light as it stream through space at stardrive speed . fade to : int . royd be cabin - early morning the bank of monitor show show the rise - color light of artificial dawn begin to come up slowly around the ship . 24 we see all the team member be still asleep , except for miranda who be beginning a workout on a compact , anti~ gravity gym . : the silver - glove hand flash the lightpen , and we cut to : int . cargo BAY # 3 - early morning miranda be beginning a gymnastic routine when the shimmer form of royd 's holographic spectre appear before she . miranda pause briefly , hold she body aloft . royd' holo you stamina be quite impressive . miranda ( laugh ) compare to what ? . royd' holo other , I have watch . miranda look closely at the holograph , then resume she routine . miranda my parent be geneticist . I guess you could say I be they private research project . they be try to create a improve model . miranda dismount with a flourish , landing inch from the specter . she pick up a towel . royd' holo obviously the experiment be successful . miranda sometimes , I have my doubt . but I would much rather hear you life story , royd . 25 wt royd' holo one as improve as you , should be able to guess ... miranda mlaugh ) allright , royd . I be in no hurry . I love mystery ... she walk right through the holograph 's shimmer form and out the door . the holograph remain in the empty room fora moment as if stunne , then disappear . int . galley - day close on a recessed video camera - we follow the camera tilting downward the see darryl load the last of the dish from breakfast into the robotic dishwasher . it close itself , then switch itself on . he open the refrigerator and remove a large rectangular block of grey , gelatinous synthetic protein , then rinse it in the anti-gravity sink . humming to himself while he work , darryi set the protein block on the counter , and pat it ary with a towel . darryl ] rummages through the drawer and cupboard look through the collection of exotic appliance ( which belong to the ship , ) until he come upon a trianguiar - shape machine whose appearance suggest a alien cuisinart . darryl set the machine on the counter . as he do , it make a soft - whirring noise as the top dilate , like the iris of a camera . darryl ' cute . he peer into the bowl , to see how the device cut . darryl' Pov - look down into the transluscent , trianguiar bowl . the blade be miss . 26 he look back in the cupboard and find a gleam , double - sided cut tool , which obviously belong to it . humming again , darryl pick up the tool and reach into the bowl , attempt to insert it into the motor mount . we hear a click , as the blade leek into place . darryl start to pull he hand out , when we hear the soft , whirring noise as the iris / top close around he forearn . look a bit scared , he try pull he arm out , but it 's clearly stick . then we hear a high - pitch whining noise . close on darryl - he look down at the transluscent , triangular bowl and scream as it turn bright red . int . cargo BAY # 2 - day close on a robotic arm - it be use a cut tool , methodically slice open the top on a row of seal cardboard box . we move back to reveal owl type into a computer terminal which direct the operation of this surgical / scanner machine to which the arm be connect . angle on the table - after the box be slice open , owl remove the content : bottle of chemical , beaker and measure device , and other supplies , which he place on shelf in the lab . owl reach for the flask from he flight suit but find it empty . he return to the workbench and pick up a box mark danger : radioactive material . he gingerly reach into it , revealing it to be fill with bottle of 100 % grain alcohol . owl open one of bottle , and and pour the content into a coffee cup he be about to drink when the door to the bay suddenly slide open . darryl walk slowly over to he , look white as a ghost . a bloody dish towel be wrap around he right hand . 27 owl what the hell 's happen ? . darryl let 's just say , I be a idiot ... he move closer to owl , start to hand something to hin when he nearly fall . owl grab he just as he lose consciousness . he lift darryl up onto the table of the surgical / scanner machine . then he notice the small plastic bag clutch tightly in he leave hand . owl extract the bag and we see that it contain the tip of three of darryl 's finger . blianch , owl apply a tourniquet to darryl 's wrist , then quickly sterilize the hand and the severe finger . owl clamp the hand to the table , move the scanner head so that it be directly over it . he go to the computer terminal , type in a command . close on the screen ~ we see a detailed x- ray of darryl 's hand . the image change to a highly magnify view of the end of one finger , show the nerve ending . owl type in a series of command which activate a robotic hand connect to the surgical / scanner machine . close of the robotic hand - it pick up one of the severe finger tip and line it up with its former finger . close on the screen ~- we see the nerve ending move until they be perfectly line up . angle on the surgical / scanner head - a thin , red laser beam cauterize the wound . angle on owl - he type in a command and a second robotic hand apply a heal solution , then bandage the joint . fade to : 28 int . lounge - day _ darryl emerge from the galley , with a large bandage around he right hand , hold a tray with pizza and assort drink . he set it down on the oval - shape table where the team have assemble . darryl allright , anyone who make a wise crack do the dish . audrey anyone who 's stupid enough to stick he hand into a alien food processor , deserve a wise crack . darryl hey , I have a active and inquire mind . I can not help myself . audrey that 's not the only thing he 's get that 's active and inquire . he 's lucky he cook with he hand ... the door open and owl enter , walk towards the table . darryl my savior . here , I set a special place for you . darryl usher owl over to one of the chair , where he 's set aplace witha cloth napkin , real silverware , and a wine glass . owl laugh , sit down . darryl if you need anything that 's not on the menu , just let I know . owl give I a break , will you . 29 he take a piece of pizza , and notice royd 's vacant seat at the head of the table . owl glance up at the recess holographic projector in the ceiling . owl anybody see the phantom today ? audrey royd ? he have not make a appearance since breakfast . darryl you notice he clothes ? they must be 10 year out of style . lilly he make I nervous ... and I do not think I be the only one that feel that way ... d'branin stop eat and turn to she . d'branin could you be more specific ? lilly seem self - conscious at be put on the spot . lilly it 's hard to explain . I guess I would feel a lot better if I could see royd in person ... that 's all . darryl I would like to know something about he personal background . d'branin snap at they with surprising vehemence . d'branin have any of you be inconvenience by royd 's desire for privacy ? ( mo one answer ) the port official at avalon have no data on personal background . 30 owl nod cynically , glance up at the recess projector in the ceiling . . owl no , data , huh ... he reach for another slice of pizza and eat it as he walk back toward the rear of the lounge . angle on d'branin - he work to control he temper . owl I will bet you royd do not look anything like that projection . audrey why ? own he 's probably sick or so deform he 's ashamed to show he true forn . darryl for all we know he could be some kind of radioactive mutant ... > angle on miranda - she smile , amused by the speculation . miranda do not stop . it 's just get good . darryl miranda , it 's possible . own he could have the slow Plague . it take decade to kill ... and then there 's New leprosy and langamen 's 's disease ! royd 's probably in some kind of self - impose quarantine . ' angle on d'branin - disgust , he leave the lounge . 31 lilly what 's langamen 's disease ? owl oh , that 's when little greenish - orangy spiny cyst form all over you body and gradually turn into a crispy , reddish - brown crust , like ... like this ! ( hold up he pizza to he cheek ) this be exactly what langamen 's disease look like ... before it really take hold . audrey do you mind ? I be try to eat ! owl jjaugh and take another bite . he turn away from they , examine the rear wall of the lounge . on the opposite wall , a hide camera zoom in on hin . int . royd be cabin ~ day we see owl on the large video monitor . he run he hand along the wall , testing it for soundness . behind he , we see jon and eliza enter the lounge . int . lounge ~ day jon have a bright , almost feverish look to he eye , but otherwise seem to be back to normal . he and eliza sit at the table as darryl emerge from the galley with a fresh pizza . darryl jon ! you be back with the live . you have we a little worried yesterday ... he set the pizza on the table , then sit join then . audrey come over and sit next on the other side of jon . 32 audrey you look like you be feel better . eliza look at she , pick up on she interest in jon . audrey '' en be you ... able to get any closer to what be bother you ? jon I think eliza be right ... it 's just get acclimate to the energy on the ship . ( he taste a piece of pizza ) mmmmmmm . delicious . darryl glad you like it . it 's not easy to toss a pizza with one hand .... he pantomime toss it . close on jon - he stare at darryl 's bandage hand for a moment , and we hear faint rushing sound , as if jon be pick up psychic signal from it . darryl walk away and jon glance at miranda , who 's watch owl check out the rear wall of the lounge . owl walk back toward they with a odd look on he face . : miranda something wrong , owl ? owl I guess it depend on what side of the wall you be on ... he sit back down at the table . miranda would you care to elaborate on that ... or be you just be existential ? 33 owl there 's no door to royd 's cabin , I have already check the hall . he 's seal in there . the room become silent as everyone look in the direction of the rear wall of the lounge . jon clap he hand , startling they . eliza look panicked , but before she can stop he , jon be already up on he foot , beam with delight . jon be you kid ? he 's seal in there ? that 's great ! forget langamen 's disease ... that open up a whole other set of possibility . owl pardon .. jon you be wonder about royd ... why limit yourselves to disease or deformity ? he could be real monster ! like a gas giant from io ! crack open the forward buikhead and watch that methane and ammonia come smoking out ! everyone stare at he , not know what to think . only miranda seem amused . eliza he 's kid . she look like she 's like to strangle jon. jon I be deadly serious . royd could be anything in the world ... do not any of you love a mystery ? 34 he look out in the room . for a moment , he and miranda 's eye meet and we see the sparkle between they . audrey see it and we sense she jealousy . eliza also see it , but we see a understanding and no sign of resentment . jon here we all be on a expedition to intercept a alien starship from the core of the galaxy ... and you be upset because you can not count the wart on royd 's nose ? owl , darryl , eliza and lilly look at one another , as if ask themseives if perhaps they have be overact . jon come back to the table and pick up a piece of pizza . he bite into it and walk toward the door . jon then again ... he may not have a nose . laugh to himself , he walk out of the lounge . eliza rise quickly , follow he out . after a brief pause , the rest of the team , rise and begin filing out of the lounge . angle on miranda - amused by what have just transpire , she take a sip of coffee and turn to look at the wali-size screen . ber Pov - we see the view of space from the cameraonthe | nose of the ship . the luminous , deep blue radiance fill the screen . fade to : int . cargo hold # 3 - night miranda be sit cross -legge on the floor , study a holographic chessboard . 35 miranda Rook to queen 's pawn . the piece move by itself to the sixth rank . miranda glance up at royd 's holographic specter which be " seat " opposite she . his sigh be hear through the communicator on the wall . royd I resign . that make eight loss in arow . be I really worth play ? miranda of course you be . royd I should tie in my computer , you would never know . : miranda T would know within three move . try it . miranda get up and walk directly through royd 's projection on she way to the kitchen . royd 's holograph look disturb as it stand watch she get a beer from the mini-refrigerator . royd' bolo I wish you would not do that . miranda walk through he again , feign innecence . she take a large sip before turn back to he . miranda do what , royd ? royd' holo you ability to play chess be only exceed by you ability to tease . be that build in along with you other genetic improvement ? 36 miranda ( laugh ) actually , I have to develop that on my own . along with a few other ability ... when be you go to break down and let I visit you in person , Captain ? she ignore the holograph , speak directly towards the video camera , mount on the wall above she . int . royd be cabin - night close on the oval monitor - we see miranda look directly at we , with the holograph stand behind she , like a injure lover . miranda do not you get lonely in there ? claustrophobic ? sexually frustrated ? int . cargo BAY # 3 + night miranda continue to ignore the holograph behind she . royd' holo ; I have fly the nightflyer all my life , miranda . if I be subject to claustrophobia , sexual frustration or loneliness , such a life would have be impossible . miranda it will not be long , royd ... and I will know why . she turn around and the holograph disappear into thin air . fade to : 37 int . jon be cabin - night jon be sleep uneasily in he bunk . we move in 's close on he face . the rushing sound we hear earlier become progressively louder until it become a explosion . jon awaken suddenly . catch he breath , he look over at eliza sleep in the adjacent bed . he move to wake she then change he mind and quietly leave the room . int . nightflyer ~ d'branin be cabin - night large color transparency of cave painting , radio telescopic image , and artistic renderings of the volcryn be clipped to a illuminate wall . there be a overabundance of research material pile everywhere . d'branin take a sip of coffee as he re-read one of the legend on he computer . he press the illuminate panel on the wall . d‘ branin royd ..? royd 's voice come over the com system : royd yes , Dr. d'branin . d'branin accord to we schedule , we still have a little over 72 hour before we actually drop out . d'branin be startle by royd 's holograph materialize beside he . royd' holo correct , 72 hour and 26 minute ... forgive I if I startle you ... d'branin not at all . I just be not expect a... personal visit . 38 ~- % he study the holograph , glance at it 's hide source in the ceiling . then he look at one of the voleryn illustration , take a deep sip from he mug . d'branin iam so close now . after twelve year , it seem hard to believe . royd' holo the consummation , of so much work ... I can imagine you excitement . d'branin think of it royd ... a race of sentient sailing out from some unknown origin in the core of the galaxy , bound for intergallactic space ... always keep to the interstellar depth , no planetfalis , seldom come within a lightyear of a star ... if only we can communicate with they ... to know the why of then . the holograph smile . d' branin lock over at it , beginning to think of it as a friend . royd boctor , I have want to thank you ... for respect my privacy . d'branin do not mention it , royd ... it 's certainly one thing we be all ..: there be a pound on the door . the holograph disappear . d'branin come in . jon enter and close the door quickly . he look as ill as we have see he since he 's board the ship . 3 jon we have to turn back . immediately . d' branin try not to lose he temper . d'branin I be afraid that 's not possible . what 's the problem ? be you pick up the volcryn ? jon shake he head . he speak to d'branin telepathically : jon ( v.0 . ) no . this be close . on the ship . something volatile ... dangerous . I have not be able to get to the source yet ... close on d'branin - he be startle to hear jon 's word inside he own skull . he start to say something . jon ( v.0 . ) do not speak aloud ! this be too much for do branin and he raise he voice : d'branin have you have talk to eliza about this ? jon no . I feit I should see you right away . d'branin I appreciate that , but there 's nothing I can do unless you have something concrete . jon this be reai ! d' branin get up and walk he to the door . 40 d'branin talk to eliza . I be sure she can help you . jon leave , look even more disturb than before . d' branin return to he desk . he =ttempt to return to work but be unable to throw off a uneasy feel . he press the com button again . d'branin royd ... there be no response . he close he computer and leave the cabin . int . eliza and jon be cabin - night eliza be asleep in bed when there be a knock on the door . she wake up , and be disturb at see jon 's bed empty . close on eliza - she close she eye and we dissolve to : her mind be eye Pov - jon can be see walk down the dinly - iit corridor of the ship , head towards cargo Bay # 3 . back to scene - we hear the knock again . eliza open the door , revealing d'branin stand in the hallway . he peer around she and see that she 's alone . d'branin zi be look for jon ... eliza can I can help you with something ? d' branin enter and the door close behind he . d'branin he come to see I earlier ... about a threat of some sort . 41 ey eliza I see . do he tell you anything specific ? d'branin no ... but he seem extremely disturb . eliza class ten 's be all unstable in one way or another . it 's the price you pay for that kind of sensitivity . I will have to give he more psionine . d'branin psionine ? eliza a powerful psychic damper . his receptivity will be severly curtail for several day .. d'branin several day !? we need he ! we will be drop out of drive ... eliza do you want to lose he for the rest of the flight ? it 's become progressively more difficult for d'branin to control he temper . '' d'branin have you come to any conclusion yet about what he 's be pick up ? eliza his mind be in such a state of chaos , it 's impossible to evaluate what 's come in . d'branin you be suppose to be a empath ! 42 eliza I be a empath ! if you do not trust . I , you should not have hire I . d'branin I apologize ... we be so close now ... and there be so much at stake ... I be ... be you absolutely sure he have to remain dampen ? eliza the only other option would be to give he a injection of esperon . it would triple he psionic receptivity for a few hour . open he up completely . d'branin and we would find out if it this thing be real or not ? eliza ( she nod ) but , I do not think he 's stable enough to deal with that kind of power . psionine be safer . if he paranoia persist , we will know it have nothing to do with he telepathy . d'branin and if it do not ? eliza then we will know there 's a real threat . d' branin stare at she oddly for a moment . eliza laugh , have read he mind . eliza in answer to you question ... no , I be not a complete fraud . d'branin smile , somewhat reassure . 43 d'branin please keep I inform . the door open and he leave . int . royd be cabin - night close on oval monitor - we see jon walk down the corridor which lead to cargo Bay # 3 and miranda 's cabin . int . corridor approaching cargo BAY # 3 - night jon look weak and physically unstable as he approach the entrance to the bay . a recess camera up near the ceiling , pan in he direction . jon stare at it . we begin to hear the rhythmic , rushing sound , which grow louder as jon approach the camera . he begin to sweat visibly and lean back against the wall for support . the rushing sound come progressively faster until they be constant . close on jon - he hold he ear , fall to the floor . jon' Pov - the fabric cover the wall seem to burn away , revealing the network of glow red " vein " which pulse throughout the entire ship . the rushing sound grow louder and louder as we move in closer to the vein , follow they into the wali . we see that all the vein run into a enormous , intricately facete , ruby - color stone which glow with its own fiery , inner light . we move in on this stone until it fill the screen . from 0.s. we hear jon scream . back to scene ~ miranda emerge from the bay to see jon on the floor , clutching he head . she rush over and kneel beside he . close on jon - he look up at she as if he mind be a great distance away . close on miranda ~ she take jon 's hand , speak to he telepathically : miranda ( v.0 . ) talk to I jon ... what be it ? behind they , d'branin and eliza appear from the opposite end of the corridor . she yelis to miranda : eliza do not touch he ! eliza and d'branin get to jon at just about the same time as the rest of the team arrive . jon speak aloud : jon a alien mind ... she kneel down beside he , try to get through to he telepathically . eliza ( v.0 . ) I feel it too , jon ... do not resist it ! let it come through you ! jon suddenly get to he foot , try to run . eliza jon ! ( to the other ) stop he ! owl and darryl grab jon , wrestle he to the ground . close on jon - he be on the verge ‘of psychosis now . eliza take she injection gun from she medical bag but as she approach jon , he whip he head from side to side , smash it into one of the ship 's metal support strut . he pass cut as blood begin pour everywhere . eliza Quick ! help I get he into the medical bay ! 4s owl lift he onto he shoulder and carry he down the corridor . int . cargo BAY # 2 - night close on the surgical scanmer machine ~ it gleam softly in the room 's dim light . . owl clear the table off ! audrey and lilly do as they be tell and jon be jaid down on the table . meanwhile , eliza , and miranda work quickly , Cleaning , and suture the wound . eliza let 's get the scanner on hin . darryl and d'branin attach arm and leg restraint to jon . the other observe as owl nervously type a series of command into the computer which control the scanner . close on owl - he can not seem to get the machine to do what he want it to do . sweating , he reach for he '' coffee " cup , and a take a drink . setting it back down beside the terminal , he type another command and watch the screen . close on the screen - it light up with a draw that show 's jon form , lie on the table . his brain and vital internal organ be highlight . owl alright .. > owl type in another command and the scanner head jerk to life then start at jon 's foot , begin move swiftly up he body toward he head . owl begin to relax . he take another sip from he cup and set it back down . close on the computer screen - the scanner head pass over each organ , revealing all vital sign : respiration , heart beat and brain wave all appear to be normal . 46 owl there 's no fracture ... I do not see i _anything metabolically wrong with he . jon start to regain consciousness . eliza come over to he . i eliza how be you feel ? jon look up as a hide camera , high up on the wall , pan in he direction . he watch it with the same wide - eye expression as before . jon we be be watch . d'branin the symptom seem to be persist . eliza take the injection gun from she medical bag and fill it with psionine . " d'branin ' why do not you try the esperon ... as you suggest . eliza hesitates , evidently not want to do it . miranda could not esperon boost he signais to a-point where he could focus on the threat ? eliza I aware of the characteristic of ... owl absolutely ! give he some esperon ! he will be able to tell we royd 's entire life history ! miranda hold . it . I do not think focus on on royd be the point ... 47 _ ... owl no ? then you be the only one . miranda look back , see that the other all seem to be in agreement with he . they all look at d'branin . d'branin do not want to offend royd , but he want a mutiny even less . he turn to eliza . d'branin give he the esperon . eliza look at jon on the table and then back at d'branin , in way that make it clear that this be he responsibility . she remove the psionine from the injection gun and take a vial of esperon from she medical bag . close on jon - he stare at the vial . jon be Pov : close on the vial ~ the ruby color drug almost seem to glow with it 's own light . eliza load the esperon into the injection gun . as she bring it closer to jon , he scream : jon no ! please !! royd 's holograph appear beside the table . royd there 's no need for that . release hin . owl he have be watch we . d'branin I be sorry this have to happen royd . 48 audrey sorry !? royd' holo I will tell you my great secret , if my privacy intimidate you s0 ... although you guess be amusing , I be afraid they be far from the mark . in truth , I be only ... close on video camera - High up on the wall , the camera silently pan over to owl . int . royd be cabin ; control console ~ night on the master monitor , the image zoom in on owl as he surreptitiously grab the injection gun and push it against jon 's neck . int . cargo bay#3 - night royd 's holograph move right beside owl . his voice roar into the bay : royd no ! stop. I order it ! this be my ship . stop ! owl press the trigger , empty the drug into jon 's bloodstream . there be a silence in the room as everyone wait for the drug to take effect . eliza watch jon closely as he slowly look over at she , beginning to shiver . jon I be cold .... it 's so cold ... eliza it 's the esperon .... it will stop ina minute . let it help you ... tell we what you see . 49 @ jon stop shaking . his blue eye cloud over . jon not close enough . eliza ~ relax . it will give you the range ... can you feel it ? everything be get clearer now , be not it ? jon 's eye clear . he laugh , in a oddly casual fashion as if amused by a revelation . close on a hidden video camera - it zoom in for a closeup . close on jon - he stare at the camera , as if really see the person behind it . then a look of panic envelope he . he turn to eliza and clutches she hand . she stroke he forehead . . eliza it *ll clear . do not be afraid . just tell we what you see . close on jon ~ from he face , we dissolve to : he Pov : int . royd be cabin - night on the oval monitor , we see a fairly wide shot of jon on the operate table , with the holograph stand nearby . a adjacent monitor , show a close up of the computer terminal , which control the surgical / scanner . the image pan over to the cup which owl have set down earlier . sitting beneath the cup we can see the computer which control the scanner / surgical machine . close on this smaller screen - seemingly on it 's own power , the cup begin to slide , towards the edge of the table . 50 om . int . cargo BAY # 3 ~- night close on jon - he look over at the computer terminal , stare as if in a trance . he Pov ~ the cup continue slide , until it fall off the edge of the table ... and onto the computer lie beneath it . as be do , the liquid cause a sparking to oecur in the computer . and the sparking ignites the alcohol . d'branin owl , what the hell 's go on !? owl . the computer 's short out . get the extinguisher ! darryl find the extinguisher and bring it over to the computer , spraying it on the fire . it put out the fire , create a thick cloud of steam and smoke . but the sparking get worse , and several light on the operate table blow out , make it even darker . we hear a strange buzzing noise . jon look up , to he right . jon' Pov = the laser surgical arm jerk to life shoot a thin crimson beam out into the dimly - light bay . eliza what the heli 's go on ? shut the machine ! she frantically try to unclamp jon 's arm restraint , but one of the robotic surgical hand jerk to life , smash into she temple . she slump to the floor . owl rush over to the computer terminal and find it no longer have any effect on the machine . he reach for the power switch . close on the switch - as owl 's hand approach it , the surgical arm whip around , cut across he wrist . $ 1 owl scream , pull he hand away . he try again and be burn even worse this time . owl dammit ! d'branin there 's get to be some other way of shutting it off ... royd ! royd' holo there be no remote response . you will have to physically sever the machine from it 's power source . jon be still lie on the table , but no one can get near he . he look at the holograph and suddenly yell out : jon he 's not control it at all ! it 's he ... but he voice be cut off by a sicken , sizzling noise as the laser beam cut through jon 's neck , decapitate he . lilly scream , and the other react to the sight of jon 's headless torso on the operate table . on it 's next arc , the laser slice off jon 's leave arm at the shoulder the scream continue as the machine begin randomly perform portion of preprogrammed surgical operation : one of jon 's eye be extract . in another pass , a non - existent tumor be operate on . intersperse with the precise surgical move , the laser continue shoot erratically in all direction . miranda run away from the table and over to a work bench where she grab a small , laser cut torch . she switch it on . the torch produce a thin , sapphire - color beam . keeping low , she head back to the surgical / scanner machine . inching as close as she dare , miranda aim the torch at the cable run from the machine to the ship 's power outlet . 52 she turn the torch 's power up all the way and the thin blue beam sever the cable in less than a second . the surgical / scanner machine suddenly go dead . d'branin and the other stare in horror at the carnage around then . miranda come over to where eliza be lie on the floor , in @ semi-conscious state . she kneel down by she and see that a small piece of metal have snap off from the surgical hand , and be imbed into she temple . miranda owl , help I get she into she cabin . audrey , can the three of you wrap jon in that sheet and get he into the pod bay ? the three of they overcome they revuision , swiftiy do as they be tell , follow miranda and owl out of the bay . find himself alone , d'branin call out : d'branin royd ... but there be no response . int . cargo BAY # 1 ; miranda's cabin - night Zliza be heavily sedate , lie on she bed while miranda remove the metal fragment from she forehead . . angle on miranda - work quickly , she apply a liquid suture to the wound , then cover eliza with a blanket and leave the roon . int . lounge - night miranda enter , find rest of the ' team already there . §3 lilly I still do not understand what could have cause ... what happen . owl what there not to understand ? jon be about to reveal the truth about royd , and he kill hin . miranda actually , I think royd be about to " reveal the truth " , himself , when you give jon the injection . owl come off it . look what he do to hin ! miranda how could royd have cause the machine to behave that way ? owl that 's what we would like to know ! miranda sorry , but I do not believe it . and there do not seem to be any evidence to support royd 's guilt . audrey do you see how fast he holograph disappear when it happen ? miranda this be all pure conjecture ... the door to the lounge open and a grim-look d'branin enter , carry he a small flightbag . he sit beside miranda . miranda ( continue ) we can not condemn royd until we hear he side of what happen . 54 he place he break piece owl so where be he ? d'branin how be eliza ? miranda she 's still in shock , but she will be okay . audrey viadimir , have you talk to royd about what happen in there ? d'branin no ... but I have do a little investigate and I believe this may answer a number of question . briefcase on the table and take out the ef owl 's cup which fall on the computer . darryl what be be ? owl recognize it immediately . d'branin it 's a " coffee " cup , ( he sniff it ) although it 's apparently use for more ... volatile liquid . owl . what be you say ? be you say I be responsible for what happen in there ? d'branin I be say we all just witness a terrible , accident . I do not believe anyone be necessarily at fault ... 55 owl stare at the piece of the cup on the table which prevent he from argue further . d'branin ( continue ) my feel be that royd be as shocked as we be about what happen . he probably fear that we blame he . I hope we can reassure he this be not the case . he look around to see if there be anymore protest or question . there be none and he close he briefcase . d'branin : I assume we all have we final preparation to complete ... lilly but we be return to avalon ... be not we ? d' branin stare at she incredulously . d'branin absolutely not ! we be less than 8 hour from drop out of drive and I see no reason to return . he rise and leave the lounge . the dissent member of the team look at one another , follow he out in silence . only miranda remain . she pour herself a glass of brandy from the crystal decanter on the oval table and take a sip . miranda Captain ... do you hear ? the glow form of royd 's holograph be reflect in miranda 's glass , as it materialize behind she . she turn toward he . roys' holo yes . I hear and see ... everything ... on my nightflyer , miranda . but I assume that you already know that . 56 miranda -- - - you be correct . roys' holo be you go to reassure I now ? miranda laugh . miranda be not my very presence reassure ? she carry she glass over to the wali-size video monitor where she stand , look out at space . int . lounge - night miranda be sit in the couch . sip she brandy . royd 's holograph hover close to she . roys' holo I be pleased that at least you and Dr. d' branin do not think I murder jon . you be correct that I be about to reveal my secret when ... the accident occur . miranda turn , look directly up at the recess video camera . . miranda who be you , Captain ? . royd' holo you guess be amusing , but sadly , the truth be less dramatic . it be a ordinary man . miranda then why all the secrecy ? close on the holograph - the eye gleam strangely as if the specter possess a pride of nobility . 57 royd' holo my mother be a freetrader , a notably successful one . but she dislike people . when she grow rich enough , she have the nightflyer build to she specification ; a ship that need no crew . miranda what about you ? royd' holo after thirty year of fly alone , mother become bored . actually , I should not call she my mother . I be she cross - sex clone . I be breed to be she companion and lover . angle on miranda - she listen to royd calmly without any visible reaction or judgement . '' royd' holo I be place in a embryonic tank but she die before my birth . she have program the ship for such a event , however . it drift in interstellar space for eleven year while the ship 's computer raise I . miranda and this ship replicate the condition of you birth , do not it ? royd' holo Three move ahead , as usual , miranda . if mother teach I one thing , it be that my body have no natural immunity and that ecentact with any of you would probably kill I . {continued ) 58 royd ( continue ) the gravity the nightfiyer be generate be for you comfort , not mine . to I it be agony ... the float chair that iam sit in support my weight , but the painis still intense . so you see why I can not take on passenger too often . miranda why take on people at all ? royd' holo unlike my mother , I enjoy company . I like to study the alien I take on as rider . miranda alien ? royd' bolo you be all alien to I . there be a long silence . miranda I understand ... royd , if I ask you to , would you agree not to watchor listen in on we ... except in here ? I think it would make a big difference to the other . royd' holo even if I agree , you would still have no way of know . : int . royd be cabin ~ night close on the oval monitor - miranda can be see in the lounge , with the holograph stand near she . we see the the rest of the ship on the other monitor . 59 miranda e except by trust you . there be a brief silence . royd' holo as you wish . I will henceforth restrict myself to this room . the silver - glove hand pick up the lightpen . as it flash , all the video screen go black , save for the oval monitor . miranda turn away from the holograph so that she be look directly at we . the image zoom in so that she face fill the screen . miranda I believe you . int . cargo hold # 1 - night audrey angrily storm into the bay with lilly follow close behind . audrey what a jerk ! I wonder if we have grounds for abort the mission or at least take over ... lilly take over ? do think you might be overreact ? audrey no ! I do not ! surgical scanner 's just do not short - circuit like that . somebody have to have be control it . she walk over to the main work table and lilly follow . lilly why do not you tell d'branin that ? 60 a audrey @ because he would not believe I . she take a length of cable and begin patching it from the team 's computer into one of the ship 's build - in terminal . lilly what be you do ? audrey I be link we computer with the ship 's . lilly I can see that . why ? audrey kneel down to the spot on the wali where she 's go to patch in . : audrey e itwant find out the truth about royd . do you want to help ? lilly I have a feel viadimir would not - appreciate this . audrey that 's too bad . do you want to help or not ? lilly watch audrey for a moment , then she reluctantly reach for a wire cutter and a cable connector . int . lounge - night miranda sit , think about everything royd have tell she . miranda se what really happen in there , royd ? what kill jon ? one of we ? the volcryn ? 61 oy ae royd be silent . silence . miranda be we in danger ? be I foolish not to be afraid ? royd' holo I like people . particularly you and Dr. d'branin . you have nothing to fear , I can protect you . x miranda from what ..? miranda what about the other , royd ? will you protect they also ? . royd' holo we have talk long enough . I have work to perform . miranda I will not keep you . she finish she brandy and rise from the couch . royd' holo miranda ... miranda yes ... royd' holo I ... admire you more than anyone I have ever meet ... miranda 's laugh be rich and deep . miranda that 's quite @ compliment . 62 she move slowly towards the holograph glow in the air before she . . royd' holo I ask you not to ... but miranda stop before pass through it . she hold out she hand . royd 's slowly rise to meet hers . ever - so - delicately she tone , muscular flesh touch he pale radiance . as miranda look into the holograph 's eye , it suddenly disappear . she stand there a moment and then leave the lounge . int . cargo BAY # 1 - niget audrey be sit at the nightfiyer 's terminal while lilly check the place they have patch in with she multimeter . lilly that 's it . audrey maybe we could even take over the ship 's flight control . audrey type in a command and lilly come over , sit beside she . lilly . theoretically possible , but I doubt it ... let 's see if we can get in first ... audrey type in another command and the screen filis up with data , audrey look at this ... lilly study the code on the screen . 63 lilly that 's the data on the hardware . forget about take over . the nightflyer 's system be about ten time more powerful than ours ... audrey type another command . audrey this be interesting ... the life support specs . ~ lilly mmmmmm . it look like royd be not a artificial intelligence system after all . audrey type in another command . , audrey nothing unusual here . any other idea ? lilly you could check for nutrient tank , cloning equipment , that sort of thing . find royd 's life history ~- the trading record , if there be any . audrey that 's it ! the ship 's log . there must be one . as she type in a new command a alarm go off . audrey shit ! then a ominous bass rumbling be hear behind they . they turn to see a huge , grey , steel panel slide across the access to the corridor . 64 audrey what the ..? lilly the backup airseal . they look at each other resliting the implication . audrey Quick ! she grab lilly and they run towards the door , as they do , a hideous , whistling sound can be hear , from the direction of the outer airlock . audrey come on ! they sprint towards the inner door . the whistling noise be deafen and the vacuum be already pull at thing that be not bolt down . lilly be strike by a fly cardboard box and she trip . audrey be considerably faster than she be , and do not notice that lilly be down until she 's at the outer lock . audrey start back in to help she , but as she do , lilly be suck up off the floor , and across the bay , smash with bone break force , against the door cf the outer airlock . she hang there a moment untii the door open wide enough for she to be suck out into space . the roaring and whistling noise drown out she own scream as audrey feel she foot be pull out from under she . she grab on to a chair , which be boit to the floor , and pull she way , over it , then over a desk , manage to get enough forward momentum to push herself back toward the still - close , grey - steel door of the backup airlock . she slip through the crack at the last possible second before it clang loudly into place . 65 int . cargo hold # 3 - night the sound of a explosion be hear and alarm go off alli ever the ship . the ship lurch so violently miranda be throw out of she bunk to the ground . then just as suddenly , everything be still . miranda get up and press the communicator on the wall . miranda royd , what 's happen ? royd ( 0.s. ) I be still try to find out . miranda try to rouse Zliza . she open she eye slowly , look very stone . miranda get a safety strap and secure she tightly in she bunk , then leave the cabin . int . MAIN corridor - night miranda walk down the corridor , pick up the other member of the team as they emerge from they respective quarter . they gather in the corridor like refugee from some natural disaster . d' branin turn to miranda : d'branin what happen ? miranda hit the call button on the communicator mount on the wall . royd 's voice ring out through the corridor , miranda royd , we be miss two of we team . royd ( v.0 . ) I be afraid that since I have deactivate all my monitor save for the one in the lounge ~ at miranda 's request , ~ I have no way of know for certain where they be . 66 d'branin reactivate they , goddammit ! there be a brief pause . royd ( v.0 . ) cargo hold # 2 be badly damage . it be breach while we be under drive . the nightflyer 's computer automatically drop we out of drive otherwise we would have be completely tear apart by the flux . darryl and audrey exchange look . miranda how do it happen , Captain ? as royd answer , audrey walk into view , look as if she 's in a state of shock . she and sit down in a corner , tucking herself into a near-fetal position . royd ( v.0 . ) the flight log record that you colleague have issue a command which erroneously open the hold 's load dock . they seem to have be use the system to gain access to the nightflyer 's flight control . d'branin turn to audrey . d'branin be that true ? audrey 's silence answer the question . d'branin where 's lilly ? audrey remain silent and d'branin scream at she : d'branin I be ask you a question ! 67 audrey break down , sebbing uncontrollably and unable to speak . miranda come over and put a arm around she . d' branin look at she as if not know how to relate to she . he speak into the communicator : d'branin royd , do you have any information about lilly ? royd ( v.0 . ) it appear she be no longer on board the ship . we can only assume that she be dead . d'branin I see . royd ( v.0 . ) I be hopeful that the damage to the ship be not irreparable . close on d'branin - the shock of what just happen begin to set in on he . he just sit there in a daze . miranda reply for he . miranda Captain , we will leave you to assess the damage and we will continue this discussion in the morning . she switch off the communicator . owl turn to she . own you believe he , do not you ? miranda I do not know , but I do know that the other cargo hold can be open the same way number two be . I be move my sleep web in to eliza 's cabin , and I suggest that the rest ef you should move into the lounge . 68 - will -- darryl e I think we should take we suit out of the pod bay and keep they nearby . miranda good idea . royd can not blame we for take precaution . / owl blame US !!? for Christ 's sake , royd erris be killing US ! look at owl , miranda see no point in argue . d' branin mutter to himself . d'branin we have lose the computer ... miranda perhaps we can make do with the portable . d' branin nod distractedly . d'branin I be not about to lose they . not after ... he look around the room at everyone in a odd way , as if notice they for the first time . then he rise and walk down the corrider toward he cabin . own they ? darryl the voleryn , obviously ! you do not think he care about lose we do you ? audrey @ that 's not true . ~o - — % the other turn to look at she . audrey if we be all dead , he would not have anyone to help he document he precious creature . believe I , that would upset he . miranda he 's as upset as the rest of we . maybe more so ... darryl what be we go to do ? miranda under the circumstance I think it would be best to leave we captain alone . both accident occur when people be try to uncover royd 's secret . : owl and you do not think that 's just a teensy bit suspicious ? miranda enough that I do not intend to be the next one to give it a crack ... I be go to get some sleep . I suggest the rest of you do the same . she leave the lounge . darryl look over at the communicator on the wall and then whisper to owl : : darryl do you think he can hear we ? owl look at he as if he 's a fool to even ask . owl let 's get we suit . 70 he come over and help audrey up . the three of they walk down the corridor . we move in close to the glow red light on the communicator and dissolve to : int . d'branin be room - night close UN another red communicator light - we move back to reveal d'branin work at he desk as the light of false day come up slowly in the cabin . the door open and as miranda enter , nearly lose she balance as the ship rolis on its axis . she press the communicator on the wall . miranda royd ? royd ( v.0 . ) yes , miranda . miranda how bad be it ? royd ( 0.s . ) hold three be completely ruin . we be extremely fortunate , however , as the drive system still seem to be intact ... I be worried about we return trip . I do not know if the airseal can stand the stress of go back into drive . it could tear the ship in half . d'branin be there anything we can do ? royd ( v.0o . ) I can reinforce the expose area with some of the hull that be tear loose . it 's still float within a kilometer of the ship . d'branin we have four pod of we own ... we could retrieve the piece . 71 '' yy royd { v.0 . } I will have to do the actual repair . myself . but that 's not my primary concern . miranda you ? but what about you muscle , you weakness ... can not we help you ? royd ( v.0 . ) I be only crippled in gravity . weightless , I be in my own element and I plan to kill the gravity grid shortly . if I emerge from my chamber do you think you can keep the other from kill I ? d'branin royd , we be not criminal . how can you think that we would try and harm you ? royd [ v.0 . ) you know they be suspicious of I . do not give I false assurance . miranda you would be in danger , but I think that by show yourself you would set they at ease . at least they could see that you tell they the truth . royd ( v.0 . ) they think I kill they friend . they be frighten . d'branin I do not see how we can give you any guarantee . royd ( v.0 . } I might have prevent the accident ... but you make I turn off my monitor , . miranda . 72 miranda and d'branin exchange glance . royd ( v.0 . ) how can you protect I if I come out ? d'branin I can send the other off to retrieve the hull fragment , and miranda can stay with you . we will get it do three time as fast . royd ( ¥v.0 . } as you will . I be go to depower the gravity grid . prepare you crew . miranda one of we team be injure . I think she should remain on board to ... royd 's voice blast through the com system : royd ( v.0 . ) none of you team may remain on board ! no one ! the monitor crackle and then shut off . d'branin and miranda look at each other then leave the cabin . ext . space ; nightflyer ~ night close on miranda ~ dress in she space~suit , she be wait in she pod . behind she , the rest of the crew be gather hull fragment : d'branin , with eliza on he pod , audrey and darryl on a second pod . owl be off separate from they on the third . miranda's Pov - the nightflyer float languidly amid the alien starscape . the smaller sphere which comprise hold # 2 , be shattered , but a major section portion of metal dangle from it , give it a unbalance look . 73 a circular airlock in the front of the ship , dilate , and royd fly out . his pod be larger and of a odd design . angle on miranda - we can see the anticipation in she eye as royd approach . angle on royd - he glide closer to miranda . as he pod emerge from a shadow , we can see he face ... the same , yet somehow young than he holograph . he look frighten . royd and miranda look at each other for a moment in silence . royd we have a good deal of work to do , miranda . miranda first , let 's talk . she maneuver she pod close enough to he , so that they be touch . : miranda turn off you comm . the sound will carry through the glass . they both do so . miranda it 's okay , now ... royd I do not like this miranda . it 's too obvious . this be dangerous . miranda there 's no other way . royd , I know what 's happen . royd always three move ahead . I know you would . 74 ay miranda you ship be kill we Captain . not you . please explain it to I . royd no . you be safer if you remain ignorant . just do as I tell you ! all of you zze in danger , but I can protect you ... if you let I ! ext . owl be pod - night owl be hide behind a large section of shattered huli . watch miranda and royd , he look convinced of they complicity . bring he pod around in a wide circle , he vanish behind the ship . ext . royd and miranda's sleds ~ night royd you understand too much already . all you . need to know be that the ship be malfunction . you will have to trust I . miranda trust be a two way bond . royd enough ! we have repair to make . let 's see just how improve you really be . with that , he back he pod up and move towards the ship . ext . nightflyer ~ different angle ow ] bring he pod alongside the ship , and manually open the airlock to the pod bay . he brace himself for what he know be within . 15 or he Pov ~ as the lock dilate , a shaft of light illuminate the body of the headless telepath , still drape in the bloody sheet . close on the headless telepath - it float like a grisly guardian , tethere loosely to a suppert beam by the door to the inner lock . somehow , it look natural , as if it never have a head at all . close on owl - he look away , but as if against he will , he eye keep return to the corpse . the lock slide all the way open and owl ride he pod inside . int . nightflyer - airlock owl watch as the lock wedge back into place . as the chamber repressurize , the hiss air jet cause the telepath 's corpse the sway gently back and forth . when the ready light come on , owl twist open the inner lock and move into the ship 's main corridor . int . MAIN corridor - night owl slip he helmet off and glance around . unuse to the weightless , he move clumsily through the corridor and enter the lounge . int . nightflyer - lounge owl push himself across the room , float above the furniture . he bang into a chair , and bound over the conference table to the rear of the lounge . reaching the bulkhead separate the lounge from royd 's cabin , owl remove a small , laser torch from he back pack . he switch it on , and aim the thin blue beam at the bulkhead . High up on the wall behind he , a video camera pan in he direction . 76 0 % , int . royd be cabin ~ night owl 's image fill the central monitor . the image zoom in on owl 's hand until the laser torch fill the screen . int . lounge / conference room - night owl smile as the laser beam begin to cut through the metal . behind he the door to the lounge slide silently open . owl pause , sense the movement in he peripheral vision . something cold and wet touch he face . he spin around but see nothing . a moment later it happen again , and this time he see it . owl be Pov - a cloudy blue eye which be surgically remove from jon the telepath , be float in the air directly in front of owl 's face . owl stare at it in revulsion then grab it , throw it across the room . shudder . he switch the laser back on . he be about to resume cut when a arm grab he around he neck and jerk he away from the wail . the laser fly out of owl 's hand . owl whirl round to see it grab by the headless corpse . it raise the laser and turn it slowly toward owl . angle on owl - he scream in mortal terror . we move up to a video camera on the opposite wall , aim down at he . ext . nightflyer outside damaged airlock ; - night work with miranda , royd use he pod 's cybernetic arm to weld a section of armor plate back onto the damage hull . he check the weld . 77 royd done . just then they hear horrible , torture cry in they headsets . miranda what the hell 's that ? royd 's eye go up to the ship 's top sphere from which he emerge earlier . royd mother . ext . nightflyer ; new angle - night darryl and audrey be on the other side of the ship in they pod , towing some fragment of the hull , when they hear the cry . ' darryl it 's owl . where the hell be he ? they look around and see that he 's no longer with the other . audrey grab he arm and point to where owl 's pod be park outside the airlock . angle on royd and miranda - we can hear audrey over the com systen . audrey ( 0.s. ) he go back in the ship . let 's go ! royd ( 0.s. ) I warned you all not to go back without I ! audrey right ... 78 oy angle on audrey - she eject the scrap of metal from off they pod and activate the rocket , shoot they back towards the nightfiyer . ext . d'branin be pod ; farther out from the ship - night d'branin be come back towards the snip , towing a net fill with hull fragment . eliza , still heavily sedate , sit peacefully beside hin . he Pov ; miranda and royd be rise up out from the damage hold towards where audrey and darryl be wait for the lock to open . d'branin miranda ! where 's owl !? we can see miranda turn back to he . ; miranda ( in headset ) he go back in ... the voice overlap the scream from within the ship . d'branin be Pov - we see royd and miranda fly back in a futile effort to intercept darryl and audrey . royd ( 0.s. ) I beg you to listen ! if you colleague be in the ship alone , he be dead . audrey { ( 0.s. ) . how do you know ? do you kill he ? royd ( 0.58 . } no ! but I could have protect he from the same fate . please stop ! miranda ( 0.s. ) audrey , we have no way of know what 's happen in there ... do not go in ! 79 - audrey -( 0.s. ) puck off , miranda ! darryl ( 0.s. ) if you want to help , miranda , keep royd away from he goddam control until we can get owl ! royd Dr. d' branin , they do not know what they be do . please help I ! close on d'branin ~ he scream to they : d'branin audrey , do not go in the ship ! that be a order . he Pov - the airlock open wide enough for they to enter and darryl and audrey fly through . it close again by the time , roya and miranda reach they . angle on miranda and royd ~ miranda royd , if you go in through you lock and head for you cabin . I '] 1l try to stop they . we see royd try to activate some control in he pod . they seem to have no effect on the lock . royd it 's toa late . the ship will not respond to my control . miranda why not ? royd because I be be keep outside until ... until mother be do with then . 80 int . MAIN corridor of ship - night darryl and audrey be bound down the hall towards the ljounge where the cry seem to be emanate . darryl flip back he helmet and put he ear to the door . the scream sound louder now . darryl God ! it 's awful ! he 's in there ... he reach out to press the panel which open the lounge door and audrey grab he arm . audrey wait aminute ! we might needa weapon . how do we know there be not something in there with he ? darryl there 's one way to find out . he slam the panel and burst into the lounge . int . lounge - night save for the light come in from the corridor , the lounge be dark and apparently empty . audrey hesitates , watch he from the doorway . darryl whisper : darryl owl ... where be you ? he move across the room , towards the kitchen . int . kitchen - night darryl flip on the light find himself in a room with bright red globule of blood float all over the place . he wave he hand through a especially large globule and it disperse into hundred of smaller bubbles . ei darryl charm . he carefully avoid the cabinet contain the food processor and open a drawer contain the kitchen implement . int . lounge - night audrey hesitantly enter the room , inching she way along the wall . she pass the communicator and stop suddenly , realize that owl 's cry be come from the speaker grill . audrey no ... audrey sense some movement behind she , and turn to see the corpse of the headless telepath stand in front of the wall - size video screen . int . galley - night darryl have just remove a large steak knife from a drawer when we hear audrey scream : audrey ( 0.s. ) darryl , get the hell out of there ! int . lounge ~- night the headless telepath slowly approach audrey . audrey darryl ... she bolt out of the lounge just as darryl emerge from the kitchen hold a large steak knife . he freeze , see the corpse move towards he . 82 — o~ , int . corridor - night audrey frantically bound down the hall , crash into the wall in she panicked effort to escape . at the end of the corridor , she pound on the panel for the air lock . it open and she dive through . int . AIR lock - night as the panel slide close after she , she lean against it panting for breath . then , feel guilty about have abandon darryl , she pound on the panel and it shoot open . she peek out , look down the corridor . her Pov : the corridor be empty and utterly still . : audrey darryl ! darryl ... after a pause , darryi 's voice come through a speaker in the corridor . darryl ( 0.5 . ) Boy , talk about bravery in the face of death ... audrey wince with guilt , but at the same time be relieved . audrey hey , I tell you to get out of there ! darryl ... where be you ? darryl I be clean up after myseif , unlike some people . audrey hesitantly step into corridor and walk back down towards the lounge . 83 ext . space outside the damaged hold = night miranda and royd have be join by d'branin and eliza 's pod outside the damage hold . miranda royd , you tell we you mother die ~- before you be boii . within the pod 's shield , royd 's expression be anguish . royd I have never lie to you . miranda but you have not tell we the whole story ! d'branin royd , we have trust you . you must tell we why this be all happen ! eliza moan as she break through she sedation . eliza it 's she ... ghost that 's be kill we . royd and miranda look at one another and then at royd . he do not deny the explanation . int . lounge - night the lounge be dark , save for a slash of light come from the galley . the door to the lounge slide open and audrey cautiously peer in whisper : audrey darryl ... there be no response . 84 ey as audrey start back away from the door , we hear darryl 's voice come from the lounge . he sound hurt . darryl ( v.0 . ) dammit ... give I a hand , will you ? audrey start into the room then hesitates . audrey how do I know it 's you ? there be a brief silence . then we hear groan noise . darryl Fine ! just let I bleed to death ! just get the hell out ! torn by guilt and anxiety , audrey step into the room , and haltingly approach the galiey . audrey I be sorry ... I be sorry ! the door to the galley suddenly open and we see darryl be laid out on the counter , obviously dead . the headless telepath be stand before it . it 's one hand grip around the handle of the steak knife , which be imbed in darryl 's chest . darryl 's voice come over the com system softly whisper : darryl ( 0.s. ) } too late ... audrey scream and bound cut of the room . int . corridor - night hysterical and run for she life now , ( as best as one can in weightlessness , ) audrey head for the pod bay through which she and darryl enter the ship . 65 as she turn the corner , she helmet fall off the back she suit , but audrey do not notice . she keep on run until she reach the pod Bay , where she pound on the illuminate panel on the wall . the inner lock slowly open and she run through . int . pod BAY - night audrey press the panel to open the outer lock when she realize she helmet be go . she look back towards the inner lock , but decide instead to head directly for she pod . she bound over to it and be about to get in , when we hear the sound of the inner lock cycle open . audrey quickly duck into the pod and close the door . int . pod - night audrey hold she breath as the torso walk past the pod and out of sight . after a pause , we hear the inner lock cycle open again . remain hide , audrey reach up to start the pod 's rocket , but as she do , the the door to pod be jerk open . she be violently pull out by the telepath 's remain arm , int . pod BAY - night in one smooth motion , the headless telepath smashes audrey against the wall to the pod bay , break she neck . int . royd be cabin - night close on the oval monitor - we see the headless telepath , open the pod bay 's outer airlock . it toss audrey 's torso out into space , away from where the other could see at . as the lock slowly close , the image change to a point of view outside the nightflyer where we see the pod of royd , miranda , d'branin and eliza still hover near the other side of the ship . 86 ext . space outside nightflyer - night royd be continue with he explanation . close on royd royd my mother 's spirit ... or whatever you choose to call it , reside in the ship 's computer . it have a organic , erystal matrix core . d'branin esperstone ? ~ he nod , somberly . royd before my mother die , she transfer she consciousness into this core . she have show sign of instability in the past , but I see now , that she 's become truly mad . miranda how be she do it ? I can understand how she can open and close a airlock , but what about jon ? royd in life , mother have tremendous power of telekenesis . they have only become stronger ... d'branin and under weightlessness , she power would he ... royd enormous . yes . gravity be she one great limitation . they turn to the epen lock of the drive room . 87 ronn royd they be all probably dead . and know mother as ido , I must tell you that she could never allow you to return to avaion alive . miranda and d'branin look at one another . d'branin what about you , royd ? be not you in any danger ? royd if she believe I have desert she - that I have choose to side with you , then she would kill I too . I would have to prove my allegiance . I could kill you both , right now and win my way back into mother 's good grace . he touch he pod 's laser cannon . there be a long silence as he look into miranda 's eye and then . atd'branin . miranda you could try , Captain ... but I caution you , the improve model be not easy to kill . close on royd - he glance at the nightflyer and then back at miranda . the decision be a painful one for he . finally , he take he hand from the pod 's laser cannon . royd I would not kill you . I have live for 39 year and I have never live at all . if we lose , we ali die together . if we win , well , I shall die anyway ... miranda you mother lie to you , royd ! you will not die without the ship ! 86 ~ om , royyd no matter . death do not frighten - I . . miranda be there any way to get back in ? royd look back at the ship . royd through the drive room . a low moan be hear over the headsets . it take a moment for the three of they to realize that it 's come from eliza . she begin struggle to free herself from she bond . d'branin and miranda kneel down to aid she . beneath the faceplate , eliza 's eye flick rapidly back and forth between royd , miranda and d'branin . d'branin can you hear we ? be you allright ? eliza the volcryn ... d'branin where ? she look out into space and follow she gaze , we see a faint , color glow of light in the distance . this revelation be interrupt by a ominous , low - pitch rushing noise come from the nightfiyer . the three other look back at the ship to see another glow light in the direction of the nightflyer ; the glow of of the fusion ring behind the drive . royd hurry ! the ship be prepare to move ! 89 he and miranda start up the rocket on they pod , but d'branin hesitates , tear between kis dream , and he allegiance to what 's leave of he team . miranda turn to he : : _ miranda I know what you be think . go to to then . d'branin 's expression answer she question . miranda do not worry about we . royd Dr. d'branin , you do understand that my mother be about to move the ship . if we be unable to stop she , you will be leave behind . d'branin I realize that . miranda eliza , come with we ! eliza shake she head . she continue to stare out into space toward the color glow , miranda and d'branin 's eye lock for a final time . royd we have no time leave . he pull the throttle back on he pod and head for the open lock which lead into the drive room . miranda start up she pod and pass he , enter the ship first . int . driveroom - night miranda 's pod be lead the way down the long barrel of the chamber when royd pull abreast of she , stiff and menace in he black , bulky armor . side by side they sail past the glow , cylindrical stardrive . 90 --- royd when we reach the inner lock , jump on to my pod the two pod slow as they approach the inner wall of the driveroom . miranda abandon she pod jump on behind royd while he reach out to cycle open the lock . as the door open , they glide through into the lock chamber . int . lock chamber - night royd turn back to miranda as they proceed : royd once the lock open ... it will begin . most of the ship 's furnish be either build in or bolt into piace but the thing you crew bring on board be not . mother will use then ... royd lower the pod . the grappler make a metallic sound as they touch the chamber floor . the inner door open and royd apply the thruster . int . inner corridor ~ night the first section of the corridor be empty and quiet . as they reach the point where it curve off sharply , they notice a long tube of some sort , suspend in the air before they . royd 's hand tighten on the laser weapon as they approach . royd what be ..? as the pod round the bend , the tube turn out to be a part ef darryl 's lower intestinal tract . 91 cut open from crotch to throat , he be suspend in midair by he gut , which have be stretch out from floor to ceiling in a grotesque parody of a spider web . miranda oh , God ... royd forgive my lack of reverence , but know mother as I do ... he raise the grappler and apply the thruster and build up speed , ramming the pod through the center of the web . they burst through , spread a fine mist of blood into the air . int . royd be cabin - night close on the oval monitor ~- royd 's pod be fly down the corridor which lead up to the lounge . we hear royd yelis to miranda : royd hold on ! the pod crash inte the door . the impact shatter it like cardboard and carry they through into the lounge . int . lounge - night the pod scrape along the floor slamm into the conference table . miranda be throw to the floor . before she can get to she foot , the headless telepath be upon she , wield the large steak knife . royd fire he laser and slice the corpse into a number of smaller piece . the arm hold the knife continue after miranda . 92 royd continue fire , slice the hand from the arm , the finger from the hand until the knife be leave to carry on its work by itseif . it slashes wildly at miranda and stab deeply into she shoulder , slice through she suit . miranda damn ! she reach out and grab the knife . examine the cut with she other hand , she see that the wound have draw blood . she stare at the wound and mentally stem the flow of .blood . miranda look up to see owl 's laser torch fly through the air towards royd , miranda royd ! behind you ! royd turn , and the thin blue beam from the torch hit he squarely in the chest . royd return fire , and the pod 's heavy - duty laser hit the pistol , melting it . miranda be you wounded ? royd no . my suit be better armored than yours and she laser be a low - power toy . royd activate the thruster and move the pod to where owl have begin to cut into the bulkhead earlier . he switch on the pod 's laser . royd we will be through in five minute or less . miranda notice some movement in she peripheral vision and turn to see a large , ornate mirror come off the opposite wall and fly through the air towards they . miranda quickly pick up a chair , smash the mirror in midair . 93 almost simultaneously , the light fixture above the oval table begin swinging around , faster and faster until it break free and fly through the room towards they . miranda give it the same treatment as the mirror . royd De you need help ? miranda just keep on cut . I will try to cover you . royd I be through . close on the bulkhead - the laser have burn a meter square line into the metal . royd raise the grappler and apply the thruster , crash the sled into the bulkhead . as it break through , a pierce blast cf sound come over the com system . miranda double over in agony as she struggle to shut sound on she headset . simultaneously , there be a violent explosion from within the kitchen and the panele burst open , lash utensil , glass , plate , knife , piece of flesh and bone across the room towards royd at ballistic speed . a electrical outlet near miranda shoot out a three foot long spark . miranda manage to shield herself behind a lounge chair and the barrage bounce harmlessly off royd 's heavily armored suit . . then time seem to slow as he step off the sled and kneel , crawl through the open . miranda see that the remain of the corpse be glide towards she once again . the utensil rise up off the ground and begin fly at miranda when the whole ship suddenly lurch violently . miranda be knock back hard against the wall . 94 everything , include the corpse fall to the floor with a loud crash . the biood , which be a mist in the air , fall to the floor like rain , form a sticky red coating over everything . miranda realize that gravity have return to the nightfiyer . royd 's voice come through the communicator grilis around the xcum . royd ( v.0 . ) I make it . miranda I notice . royd ( v.0 . ) I have restore gravity with a manual override and I be cut off as many computer function as possible . int . royd be cabin ; control console - night miranda 's form be visible on the large monitor . we move back to reveal royd seat at the console . he labor to speak , clearly suffer from the effect of gravity . rovd we be still far from safe . she 's try to find a way around I even now , and I cannot afford to overlook anything . in the monitor , miranda can be see rub she shoulder where she smashed into the wall . royd use the lightpen to zoom in for a closer look . we see the impact have reopen the wound on miranda 's shoulder and blood be ooze out faster than before . royd miranda , you suit have be breach . you be bleed . 95 int . lounge =~ night miranda look down and see the blood . miranda so I be ... royd you must change into another suit immediately ! I can not guarantee how long I can keep the lock seal . miranda allright . she get to she foot and be about to leave the lounge when she notice a glow of light on the room 's wali-size screen . miranda royd , look at the screen . her Pov - the View of space show the color glow which d'branin and eliza see earlier be get brighter . royd 's voice come over the com systen . royd ( 0.s. ) the volcryn ... miranda watch the screen a moment longer , then leave the lounge . ext . space - night d'branin and eliza 's sled have move out a great distance from the nightflyer which be still visible behind then . close on d'branin and eliza - the glow , color light be absolutely brilliant . we see the voleryn reflect in the pod 's glass bubble . d' branin smile , open the thruster all the way . as they pass out of frame we dissolve to : 96 int . royd be cabin - night close on the oval monitor - royd switch from the view of space to one follow miranda . he anxiously watch she progress down the corridor . int . corridor - night royd 's voice ring out through the communicator build into the wall . royd when you have change you will have to dump the corpse into the mass conversion unit , then any other loose object that be not ... miranda one thing at a time , Captain . she open the hatch just past the drive room and enter . int . cargo hold # 2 - night miranda rip off she breach suit and quickly slip into a new one , repressurize it . miranda you be say ... royd mother be still a threat . with the gravity return , she can only move one object at atime but she could still circumvent I at any time . miranda Roger . she leave the hold . 37 roy int . galley - night the hum of the ship 's engine be much louder in here . miranda lift up the remain of jon and darryl 's corpse and dump they into the conversion unit . the torso and limb twitch under she touch . int . corridor - night miranda walk down the curving silver corridor . the sole of she boot click hollowly on the metal floor . sense that she 's be watch , she notice a video camera pan with she . miranda royd ... the oniy sound be she breathe . she stare directly into the lens then turn away abruptly a continue down the tube . int . lounge - night the door to the lounge open . miranda hesitates in the doorway . miranda royd ... be you aliright ? silence . miranda royd ... royd 's voice sound strain as it come through the communicator : royd one moment ... yes . 98 as miranda enter the lounge . we notice the door to a small utility closet open a crack . Pov from utility closet - we see miranda stand quietly watch and listen for any sign of movement . close on miranda - she resume gather up the last of the loose scrap material and place they inside a bag . behind she , we see a knife rise silently up off the carpet . it begin move towards she and swiftly building up speed . miranda sense the movement and whirl round , grab it a few inch from she face . she be about to place it in the bag with the other scrap when owl suddenly fall out of the utility closet , fall on she . miranda scream . she. be about to stab he with the knife when she realize that he 's not move any more . she turn he over and we see where the laser have cut he throat . miranda oh , God ... miranda close she eye and start to cry . int . utility room - night miranda close the door to the mass conversion unit and be about to leave the room when she notice eliza 's abandon medical kit . she pick it up and walk out to the corridor . int . corridor - night the ship jolt violently and miranda be throw to the ground . royd 's voice cry can be hear ery eut in pain over the com system . 99 miranda 's feature contort as she be subject to a tremendous increase in gravitational force . int . corridor ; nightflyer - night miranda manage to switch on she suit 's com system . miranda royd , be you there ? what 's happen ? royd 's voice come out painfully slowly : royd ( v.0 . } ++ she trick I ... hurt ... to talk . miranda royd ... royd ( v.0 . ) she ... teke ... dial ... up ... two ... gee ... three ... higher ... right here ... on ... the ... board ... all ... I ... have to ... to do ... turn it ... back ... let I ... silence . int . royd be cabin ; control console - night royd 's hand attempt to reach eut for the dial on the board but be unable to do sc . miranda 's prone form be visible on one of the small monitor . int . corridor - night royd ( v.0 . ) o. can not ... miranda look up at the camera mount near the ceiling . 100 oat miranda why ? why would she turn up the ... gravity ? it weaken she even more than you ... royd ( v.0 . ) +. yes ... but ... in a minute ... my heart ... will burst ... and then ... you alone ... she ... will ... kill gravity ... kill you ... . miranda reach out and begin drag herself down the ' corridor with eliza 's medical kit under she arn . miranda royd ... hold on ... she open the medical kit and search through it locating a crimson color ampule . close on the ampule - it be label esperon . miranda take it out of the bag . int . royd be cabin ; control console - night with no intervention from royd , miranda 's image be switch to the central monitor . miranda ( v.0 . ) royd ... you mother ... int . corridor ; nightflyer - night miranda be still lie on the floor struggle under the heavy gravitational force . she fill the injection gun with the esperon . miranda + . could she move anything ... teke it ... in this high gravity ..? 102 to royd ( 0.8 . ) .- possible ... if she concentrate all she power ... why ? miranda because ... ... someone ... something be cycle open the airlock . down the corridor , we hear the bass rumbling of the lock as it slide open . miranda filis the injection gun with the ampule of esperon . behind she the inner lock begin whistling as the air in the corridor rush out through it . as the lock open further , the noise build up to a roar . miranda use all of she strength and succeed in fill the injection gun . she press it against a vein in she neck and squeeze the trigger . it make a loud '' hiss '' as the drug flood she system . the injection gun drop to the floor , and be suck down the corridor . next come the medical kit , and miranda find herself be puly along with it . then the drug take effect and miranda scream , pull herself into a fetal position . close on miranda - her eye go up into she head dissolve to : miranda's mind be eye Pov : the bulkhead in the lounge - the wall seem to literally melt away , revealing the interior of royd 's cabin . he can be see slump over the console , breathe heavily . his hand rest near the control for the gravity grid . 102 int . corridor - night miranda 's body twitches reflexively as she concentrate . ker mind be eye Pov : the lever for the gravity grid move slowly back down to the normal range . back to scene - with the gravity lac to normal , miranda reach up to the railing and pull herself to she foot . holding tight to the railing , she hurry over to the switch on the wall , control the airlock . she hit it and the lock close . int . lounge / conference room - night miranda walk across the lounge towards the hole in the far wall which lead into royd 's cabin . she crawl through . int . royd be cabin ; - night miranda enter and find royd be still sprawle over the control panel . she pulle he back into he seat and see that he 's still breathe . her attention be take by the light blaze through the large oval monitor . her Pov ; close on the screen - the voleryn fill the entire field of view , as they move toward the ship . delicate , diaphanous , it appear as a vast , intricate kind of spiderwebbed craft , alive with it 's own light . it move , with long , tendril - like veil which ripple like a cosmic man ‘o War . miranda watch the screen for a moment , then quickly search the control console , until she find the intricately carve lightpen . she aim it at one of the icon and flash it . a portion of bulkhead separate royd 's cabin from the lounge swing silently open . she lift royd into she arm and carry he out of the cabin . 103 int . corridor approaching pod BAY - night miranda hear a rumbling noise and look behind she to see the wall and the ceiling be beginning to collapse in around she . she run down the hall , toward the pod bay , stay only step ahead of be crush . she press the switch for the bay but nothing happen . miranda close she eye and concentrate on the inner airlock . close on the airlock - it literally burst open as if equip with explosive bolt , miranda carry royd through just as the entire corridor collapse in on itself . int . pod BAY ~ night miranda carry royd over to one of the escape pod and open the door . just as she be about to lift he in , she be startle by a voice from behind she . mother ( 0.s. ) you will die , royd . miranda turn around to see the pale , ghost - like figure of royd 's mother float in the air , behind then . close on the mother - she be royd 's identical female counterpart . royd I be sorry , mother . the mother scream as miranda help he into the pod and close the door . 104 x int . pod - night the walis of the pod bay begin to collapse as miranda remotely activate the control which open the outer airlock . royd 's mother 's scream can be hear over the pod 's intercom as miranda ignites the thruster , send the vehicle crash out through the airlock before it be even half - way open . close on royd = he turn back to look at the ship through the window . he Pov - the ghost of royd 's mother can be see stand in the gape airlock , watch they leave . ext . space outside nightflyer the pod get several hundred meter away when the voleryn agweee over the nightflyer , absorb it completely . int . pod - night miranda watch royd as he view the destruction of the ship through the window . fade to : ext . space approaching avalon ~ night the pod be move slowly through space , down toward a familiar - look , pale - biue satellite . int . pod ~ night royd and miranda be concentrate intently on a holographic chess board which float between they . he look stronger and in better health than when he leave the ship . 105 his rook take miranda 's castle and it disappear from the board . miranda you be get better , royd . royd I think you be just get tired of win . miranda laugh , take he rook with she queen . miranda check . he move a pawn beside she queen . royd checkmate . miranda stare incredulously . royd it 's what happen when you study with a improve model . miranda study the board , still not believe that he 's actually beat she . she turn to he and smile . miranda well , I do not want you to think I be only a good winner ... but we have one more game game to play . she type a command which cause the chess set to disappear . royd I do not understand . miranda t'lli explain it to you . she put she arm around royd and kiss he . they separate and he look into she eye . 106 co royd @ and they think I be a artificial Intelligence ... . he return the kiss . ext . pod ~ night the pod drift slowly down toward the pale blue satellite . fade out : 107