'' ) night at the museum : escape from the smithsonian by Robert Ben garant & thomaz Lennon revision by Scott Frank November 4 , 2007 ~~ by fade in : 1 EST , skyline of manhattan - day 1 the sun rise over the great city on earth : New York City , a place where anything can happen . and do . 2 ext . american museum of natural history - continuous 2 we pan down the building to the bronze face of teddy Roosevelt stand watch over Central Park . we push in , to ... i 3 int . museum of natural history - lobby - continuous 3 MAIN title roll . majestic music play over a bo shot : sunbeam stream in the window onto the wax figure of teddy roosevelt , sit proudly on he horse . a grey-haire man in coverall gaze up at teddy , he face full of respect . he hold up a bottle of windex and -- squirt . he spray teddy right in the kisser . hs paper - teddy of for and with 's he glass . lsewnere in the museum : a man vacuum — leaner to clean attila the SUN >eard . & ( cloud of dust fly . in cov ' ss ole we find sacajawea , freeze in she case : a team of men buff she i with rotary buffer , like they be waxing a car . 4 int . african mammal wing - continuous 4 { something rummages through the tree behind dexter the monkey . br hand stick up , and a unseen person start clean dexter 's fur with a dust - buster , . 5 int . diorama room - continuous 5 a cleaning woman lean down over the '' Golden spike '' diorama . close up on frozen jedediah : the woman hold up a huge can of pledge in he face . with a blast of pledge , ali of the tiny { cowboys be blow backwards like bowl pin . i 6 int . museum of natural history - hallway - continuous 6 a-line of civil war mannequin march down the hall single ' file . we pull out : see they be be push on dolly . ~ 7 int . diorama room - continuous 7 | hb : Music continue , octavius look up , sword raise -- but can not ! move as giant hand scoop he and he fellow soldier up . 10 11 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 drait 2. ea 8 widen to reveal : a BOX of styrofcam peanut . the roman tumble end -over - end into the styrofoam . jedediah and octavius land nose to nose . more styrofoam be dumped on top of ; they . int , museum of natural history ~ lobby - continuous 3 men lower attila into a wooden crate . ahkmenrah and the tablet be laid in another erate , then be half - cover with straw . two worker lay one of the neanderthals into 4 erate , adjust he fur loin cloth for modesty - dexter be wrap in newspaper , jike a dish , and stuff inside another . sacajawea lie in straw in a crate -- darkness sover she face , as men out 2 iid on she crate and nail it shat the Men exit . we see a stencil on the grate 's lid : for bermanent storage —- federal archive , we pan up to teddy on he horse -- he be now surround by crate , and deathly quiet . title mustc end and we ... fade to black 10 rose ( v.0 . ) it all start with a dream ... pade in on a close up of larry daley as the image slide from top to bottom of frame rose ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) just a few short year ago , Larry daley be work at New York 's fame Museum of Natural History as a night Guard ... widen to reveal : 11 the image be on a box , one of a atream of box slide along a conveyor belt , sach box contain ... ( continued } v) vw ) il 14 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 3 . a continued : rose ( v.0 . ) a , no one know exactly what happen within that wall , but what emerge be 2 burst of creative inspiration , the like of which the industry have not see since harvey ginsu set the world on fire in the mid seventies with he eponymous knife . with patent on everything from the leashless dogwalker ... a picture below the image of Larry , show a large motorize * milk bone '' with wheel pull a dog on a leash , while the dog owner sit on a park pench contentedly read the paper . jump cut to : another conveyor belt 12 contain long , narrow , box ...» rose i{ v.9 . ) to the glow -in- the-dark flashlight ... by wy jump CUT to : another conveyor belt 13 this one contain smaller box ... rose ( v.0 . ) not to mention the now classic unloseable Key Ring ... widen to reveal : daley device warehouse 14 as we crane up over the hub of activity , forklift , worker , conveyor belt . larry daley , put together in a nice suit , walk through it all , trail by rose , he sixty - something secretary . she read from a copy of '' entrprenow ! '' magagine . a photo of Larry grace its cover . rose ( v.0 . ) daley device have in a few short year establish itself as one of the premiere producer of labor-save gadgetry in North America ... larry wow , sound pretty good when they put it that way . ( to a worker ) carlos , we gotta go one less to a carton , the shipping agent tell I the seem keep split . ( continued ) | natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 4. 14 14 continued : carlo you get it , Mr. D. rose . shall I continue read ? larry sorry , go ahead , Rose . rose ( read ) while the company continue to post impressive earning , there be some who point to the fact that daley have fail to launch a single new product in the past two year -- / . larry tt have not be that loong -- rose feontinue ) suspect , howe . smidable track record month have be spe the next Big thing . nlook up ) they capitalize '' next , '' '' thing . '' nat give Daisy ' nese T 7 daevelopin '' Big '' and larry ( still on ... ) twenty - two month , huh ? rose . oh , do not fret , Mr. daley , you have be run a business . that 's real work . ( give he the magazine ) here , take this with you , show it to that sweet boy of yours . he will be real proud . Larry icok at he image on the cover of the magazine , the title say " from night guard to vanguard . '' Larry ponder the word and image , just a little uncomfortable . rose ( cont 'd ) very handsome picture by the way . larry thanks , Rose . i’1l see you Monday 15 v ) '' ) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 5. ext , daley device warehouse ~ queen - day 15 as Larry exit the building , get into 4 wait town car . i int . town car - same 216 the driver pull out , smile at Larry in the rearview . driver . it 's the first of the month , mz. D , same place as always ? larry yeah , denny . you ouy everything on that list I give you ? driver you be all set , siz . Larry sit back take out the fold piece of paper i bent nontain the offer and stare at in thovg wily . bug. wew york City - gay . ou ? as the gar cross the qu ext , natural history museum - day 18 as the town car pull up . the trunk pop . the Driver get eut , hand Larry 4 couple of plastic bag , one from duane reade , the other from petco . driver sure you do not want I to wait , Mr. D ? larry no , that 's okay , I be gonna be late . Larry climb the step to the museum , look up at teddy Roosevelt 's statue , note a banner over the entrance read '' close for renovation . '' he knock on the door . the Museum director , mcphee come bustling around the corner , clap officiously , shout through the glass : mcphee Excuse I , civilian , do you not know how to read ?! the miseum be close for -- ( recognize Larry ) oh . it 's you -~- he unlock the deor , let Larry in . natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 6. int . natural history museum - lobby - continuous 19 the floox be a mess of cable and wire . the crate be stack in the lobby . : mcphee why if it be not we very own success Story , come for he monthly nostalgia tour . Larry look around , notice the new exhibit : strange , oo stainless - steel octagon disk , a foot thick and cover with jight , tuck into every corner cf the lobby . they look like manhole cover from the future . larry what 's go on here ? mcphee what 's pot go on be perhaps the more apropos guery ..- okay , what well ... ( think for a moment ) you know , actually , it ’l1l just be easier to tell you what be go on . . larry okay , what be -- mcphee progress . at least that 's what I be tell . whenever they be not tell I to shut up and mind my own business . it seem we have be endow . harry follow mcphee over to the new display .... mcphee ( cont ’d ) the board accept a generous donation rom some twenty - something who invent my face or hoooray or some such internet nonsense . anyway , this fellow apparently want to drag we kick and scream into the future . and so here we be . larry what be that thing ? ( continued ) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 7 . 13 i 19 continued : i mcphee i that '' thing '' as you 8 ° eloquently refer | to they , be the state of the art in | interactive technology . hologram . apparently , nobody use wax figure anymore , except Madame Tussauds , the old tart . v ) he approach one of the hologram basis and flip 2 switch . mcphee ( cont 'd ) behold : Natural History , version 2.0 ! the octagon hologram projector come to life : it project in be mid-air above the octagon , a cloud of static - that be be quickly replace by a flourish cf red , white and blue | firework -- ten foot high , 3 - D -- they disperse to reveal a exterior image of the museum , the 1812 overture play over . harrison ford ( v.0 - ) tim Harrison tord , and welcome -~ '' 1 History . ! | | | where History cox you to the museum : founder , President heodore rooseveal it a hologram of teddy roosevelt cide out of the '' distance '' on horseback . hologram teddy get off he horse . v ) hologram teddy roosevelt thank you , Harrison . and welcome everyone . where should we adventure go today ? ( to Larry ) you there ! in the front row ! Larry look around , confuse . he point to himself . hologram teddy roosevelt ( cont ’d ) ves you ! what 's you name , pilgrim ? larry ... um. Larry . Larry daley . hologram teddy roosevelt well it 's a delight to meet you ( a slight pause , then : ) Larry Larry daley . step up an@ ask you question , then give the next little boy or girl a turn . oo Larry look around at mcphee who nod : go ahead , ( continued ) 19 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft continued : ( 2 ) hologram teddy roosevelt ( cont 'd ) do not speak softly - or I can not hear you . larry . um ... okay . well -- whete be you bern ? hologram teddy roosevelt right here in New york City . 20th street . in the year of we lord 1858 . larry . ) , when be you President ? hologram teddy roosevelt 1901 to 1909 . by jove ! mcphee shut it off ... mcphee and so on , you get the idea . anyway -- mcphee ( cont ’d ) the board have instruct I to get vid of all this junk . the diorama , the wax figure , even some of the shabbier old animal , such as this ratty little monkey . he toss dexter back into he crate . he miss entirely , but Larry catch dexter , and put he in , carefully . larry actually he 's a capuchin . mcphee no , Mr. smarty smart pant -- ( close the lid ) actually , he 's rubbish . Larry stare at the crate while mcphee clap he hand clean . larry why ? where be they go ? mcphee deep storage . in the Federal Archives . Larry look at all of the crate , concerned . ( continued ) '' '' v ) 19 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 9 , continued : ( 3 ) larry - but , people love this stufr . mcphee also look around a moment .|.. mcphee yes , well , apparently , that 's not enough anymore . mcphee check he watch , then ... mcphee ( cont 'd ) T must away . I have a date . I assume you remember how to lock up , or have the heady fume of corporate success dall you memory ? larry I get it . fe a et with pause , look 4 mcphee = do love this moment . appen Larry lock at he . larry before ... what happen ? mcphee you know . larry ( careful ) I do not know . mcphee {as if obvious ) go home : Supper . nip of sherry . comfy pair of p.j.s and that delectable hour of Dancing with the star . why ? what have you think I mean ? larry nothing . good-night , Dr. mcphee . 1g he leave Larry alone with all the crate . Larry look up at the huge , arched window , watch as the last bit of sun go down . 20 natm : escape from ghe smithsonian 11/04/07 draft qo. another angle : 20 thou ry slowly . we Larry stand there a moment , thoughtful , as very '' y. start to see a huge skeletal dinosaur snout lean into frame and gently nuzzle he cheek . the dinosaur . widen as Larry casually turn towards re larry hey , boy . rexy mugzy narcy again knock he out of frame . larry ( 0,8 .} ( cont 'd ) yeah , good to see you ; toc , pal . Larry come back and rexy sniff at the petco bag ... larry ( cont ’d ) what , you think I get something in here for you ? hah ? Te ya , boy ? larry ( cont ’d ) yeah , vou know what this be ... as rexy pull , we see that Larry 's tie several of they together . Larry grab the other end , get into a tug of war with rexy --> larry ( cont ‘d ) you think you be stronger than I ? yeah , I do not think so ... he pull , rexy pull back , Larry tug harder , glad to see he old friend , they move about the lobby play this game until rexy , in a giddy frenzy , shake he head back and forth in a effort to pull the rope free , until rexy playfully fling Larry through the air and into the midst of all of the ovate . ... which now , one by one , like geyser in a oil field , begin popping there wcoden lide inte the air .. a all of the Museum resident start elimb out of they crate : attila and he hun , the neanderthals , the faceless Civil War Soldiers , sacajawea , dexter , and other . ~ ..- teddy ride over on he horse . ( continued ) vr ) v ) '' ) 20 nnarm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 drait will . 20 continued '' teddy lawrence ! ( dismount } good to see you , lad ! from one of the alcove , the baster Island head call over . raster island head bum dum bring yum - yum ? larry yes , I do , fat-head . he pull 4 gumball from the duane reade bag ... larry ( cont 'd ) open uup .-+-+ he toss it into the Easter Island head 's mouth ... larry ( cont 's D} zi get something for eyerybody ..- they all crowd around he as he hande out gift like dad return from a business trip . larry ( cont 'd ) easy now , one at a time ... we hear a muffled thudding , as if someone very tiny be bang on the inside of a crate . Larry notice one crate with its top still nail shut , but push up maybe a inch . larry ( cont 'd ) jedediah ? be that you ? Larry approach , see a tiny arm stick through the crack . jedediah vyou be darn tootinu it 's I , gigantor . now get we outta here ! Larry come over , open the lid allow jedediah and cctavius to climb up and sit on the edge . larry hey , guy . octavius Larry ! have you hear the news ? we be be ship out ! ( continued ) | 20 21 natm : escape from the smitheonian 11/04/07 draft 12 . 20 continued : ( 2 ) larry yeah , I hear . I be s0 -- jedediah , be not that great ?! larry what ? jedediah we be go to the Federal Archives ! everyone cheer . larry so you be ... all okay with that ? octavius of course , we be okay ! it 's a honor , : Larry ! they do not just select anyone . a we have be hand pick ! | jedediah phis be the last frontier , flapjack ! we t get to stake we own claim . no more pry eye , no more child with they sticky pokey finger . why do I even have to explain this to you , gigantor ? we be talkin’ about the Federal Archives . it 's like a resort for display . ( shout to the other ) when I say '' ar ! '' you say '' chive ! '' ready ? ar -! everyone ~ chive ! jedediah ar -! everyone -chive ! Larry stand there watch as they all build into a frenzy chant '' ar - chive ... ar - chive . '' teddy , the only one who watch pensively from he horse . teddy and Larry meet eye across the noisy throng . int , natural history museum - lobby - later 21 as teddy and Larry seal up the box , Larry reluctantly close the top of the last one ... ( continued ) v) 21 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 13. 21 continued : v bas 's Travel safe guy . I will come visit in a few week , chce you be all settle . '' from inside the box , attila bid Larry farewell . Larry stop baside the next crate as ahkmenrah pull he lid close ... larry ( cont ’d ) get the tablet ? ahkmenrah never leave home without it . larry to the next crate ) watch you finger ... jedediab hey , gigantor ? c’mere ... Larry lean down towards jed 'a box . jed jedediah ( cont ‘d ) ( quietly ) you really reckon this Archive place be gonna be okay ? not that I be worried ... Larry consider the little cowboy a moment , then ... larry oh , yeah , like you say , it all be great . Change of scenery , mix thing up a bit , I think you be gonna be real happy there . jedediah ( thrilled ) that 's what I think . he lay back in the straw beside a now snore octavius , who lie curl up around a styrofoam pack peanut . jedediar ( cont 'd ) tuck I in . Larry placea 4 couple of pack peanut around jed , then close the lid on the box . from inside we hear ... jedediah ( cont 'd ) vaya con dio , gigantor . Larry hesitates , check to make sure the top be seal , let he hand linger a moment longer there , ( continued ) 21 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 14 . continued : ( 2 ) larry vaya con dio . % i mto he horse . Larry turn and watch now as teddy climb on he ride onto he podium , past all the crate . he look up , as the sum peek through the window . Larry come over to he now . larry ( cont ‘d ) they all seem pretty okay with this whole archive thing . teddy roosevelt well , I be afraid I may have paint a rosier picture than reality warrant . as you have just see , lawrence , sometimes it 's more noble to tell a small lie than to deliver a painful truth . Larry look up at he , teddy smile reassuringly . teddy roosevelt be fine . they hevs i ht ae '' where 's you crate , teddy ? teddy roosevelt I will not be make this journey , lawrence . it seem myself , rexy , and we friend from the Easter Islands be all stay . apparently we be what they call signature item . and so we stay . barry and you be okay with that ? teddy roosevelt well , I will not know if I be not , will I ? ( then ) what about you , lawrence ? be you okay ? larry me? yeah , thing be good . teddy roosevelt really . because you seem to be not quite yourself . ( continued ) v) v ) with ) 21 22 23 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 dratt 15 . continued : ( 3 ) ° 21 larry no , it 's just late and I be tired . I mean , it 's be a couple year since I pull this hour . '' teddy roosevelt twenty - two month in fact . larry ( take aback ) what ? teddy roosevelt forgive I , lawrence , for keep track , but I be a sentimental man . and not much for good - by either . but as we may never speak again , let I leave you with one final piece of advice : ( raise he sword ) the key to happiness , to true happiness , dg ... that 's it . he 's freeze . Dawn & a moment , then throw up he big wide shot Larry dwarf by the lifeless museum , scream at teddy . larry oh , come on ! ext . central park west ~ later hat morning 22 Larry stand across the street from the museum as a huge moving truck pull out of the load dock . he watch sadly as it disappear up Central Park West . int , larry apartment - night 23 Big . great view of the city . nick , Larry 's son , follow Larry , carry chinese take - out , into the apartment ... nick so she ask I to tutor she in algebra , but I know she 's really smart at math . so do that mean she like I ? larry of course she like you , what 's not to like ? grab some plate ... ( continued ) 23 24 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 18. continued : 23 nick ; but maybe she just want to be friend . larry maybe . nick oo or maybe she actually just need help in math ... the phone ring . Nick start to go pick it up . Larry wave he off . yx heave it . it 's probably work . the machine pick up . and suddenly we hear jedediah 's voice : jedediah ( on the machine gigantor ! you gotta come quick ! harry pack up out > cn the kitchen , look at the machine . jedediah ( cont 'd ) thig place be not what I think : turne out ahkmenrah be not a only child -- and he brother 's really -- hey - ~ we hear a struggle on the other end and then the line go dead ... we hear a dial tone , and then the machine reset . the message light now blinking . Nick look at Larry . nick that be weird . Larry nod , stare at the blink light ... larry just out of curiosity ... nlook at Nick ) where be the federal archive ? tw = int . larry 's apartment - later Nick sit at Larry 's computer . a aerial photograph of the smithsonian on the screen , Larry look . over he shoulder . larry you gotta be kid I . the smithsonian ? ( continued ) vr ) nartm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 drait 17 . 24 continued = 24 i nick yep . larry okay , just so I be clear -- you be say that ahkmenrah 's ancient Tablet , which | bring everything around it to life , be now sit underneath the biggest museum in the world . nick : that 's what I be say . ( read the screen ) whenever a exhibit get outdated or they find out it 's inaccurate , they stick it '' down in the Archives . Larry think while Nick type something else , then : nick ( cont 'd ) hey , do not jed say something about akimenrah act be a only child ? larry yeah , why ? nick look -- nicky point to the screen : we see a sarcophagus . a i terrifying , scream skull carve into its lid . nick ( cont 'd ) kahmunrah . 5th King of Egypt . one of the briefest , blocdiest reign of a pharaoh . pass -over for he young brother ahkmenrah , he father consider he too vicious and sadistic to rule . larry vicious and sadistic ? nick he take the throne after ahkmenrah 's mysterious death . larry and that guy be in the smithsonian ? wick yeah . with the tablet that bring everything to life . include he . rv ) ( continued ) 24 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 1g. continued : ( 2 ) 24 larry and my friend ... wick nod solemnly . Larry look around ... larry ( cont 'd ) be it stuffy in here ? ext . park avenue - night 25 Larry walk Nick home . larry alright . option one : I go to the authority , tell th about the magic bring -everything - to-iife tablet . they look at each other . no way - larry ( cont 'd ) option two . what be option two ? there be no option two . nick option two be you do something . I : you just say , no one else be gonna they . larry Nick , not only be it not my job anymore , I can not just walk into the smithsonian in the middle of the night . and who know ? maybe jed be just ... joke around . they stop in front of Nick 's building . Nick look up at he , larry ( cont 'd ) what ? nick dad . this be like that princess leia hologram in the old scheol Star Wars . larry what ? nick you know , the first one -- but they call it episode 4 -- R - 2 have that Little projector thingie and princess leia be like , help I obiwan kenobe . really need you . al ( continued ) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 25 continued : Larry look at Nick a moment , then look away . v ) larry actually , that 's not what she say . nick ( surprised ) what would she say ? larry she say ... ( beat , quietly ) you be my only hope . 26 int . larry 's apartment - night Dark , save for the insistent blinking cf the answering 19 . 25 nn oo machine light . we hear a key in tre lock and now Larry come in , do not bother turn on a light , throw down he key . ye look at the machine , stare at the message licht ovar and hit the button . jedediah ' 's yoise acho nearly empty apartment : cedediah ( on the machine giganter ! you gotta come quick ! this place be not what I think ! turn out ahkmenrah be not a only child -- he brother be really -- hey -- v ) the sound of the struggle . and then the dial tone . stand there , stare at the machine . 27 gum mp cuT to : the bedroom Larry open a garment pox , pull out a garment bag . content : he night guard uniform . some Larry 27 hang it up on the door . unzip the bag , slowly revealing its Larry pulis the uniform cut of the bag , look at it . take the flashlight off the belt , heft it , its weight familiar , and finally spin it in he hand like a six -shooter ... 28 EST . WASHINGTON , DC - day various establish shot of the Nation 's Capital : the akyline , the Capitol Building , the lincoln Memorial . 29 bxt , the smithsonian - continuous v ) line along the National mall . various shot of the prestigious building that make up America 's Museum : the Air and Space Museum , the Castle , all 28 29 '' ) '' * with to y ) 33 34 35 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 20 . ext , AIR and space museum - continuous 30 a cab stop in front . Larry get out . he 's in a black sweat suit . Larry enter up the step . int , AIR and space museum - contingovs 31 Larry check a map , pass the huge display in the Air and Space Museum -— plane hang everywhere , wax astronaut , even a life-size diorama of the moon landing , complete with the Apollo 11 capsule , a wax neil armstrong , and a mcdel of farth float in the distance . Larry walk by the gift shop , see 4 dozen one - foot - tall albert exlnstein paperweights in the window . Larry walk by a monkey in a space suit on display . it bear a strange resemblance to dexter . he eye it as he pass . i to ext . smithsonian - the castle - continuous Larry ecoss the N ornate brick building . Larry breath . int . smzthsonian ~- castle commgn - continucus 33 Larry pass through a high -ceiling room with a 1880 's stain - glass window at one end . it look like a church . Larry turn , follow he map , into ... int . sculpture gallery - continuous 34 Larry walke through a corridor fill with sculpture , among they : rodin 's the thinker , 4 maxble venus , another statue of 3 adorable cherub . Larry look at they ail , hurry out , follow he map . int . egyptian gallery - continuous 35 Larry enter . in the center be a free-stand ancient gate : a stone wall with a door in the center , cover with hieroglyphics . a plaque read : the gate of neter -khertet - door to the underworld . carve in the stone by the door , be a indentation : it 's . ly @ size a shape to fit the pablet of ahkmenrah . Larry reach out to touch it -- voice hey ! ( continued ) '' with ) '' ) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 21 . continued : 35 Larry turn , see a scrawny guard , in he twenty , '' adult '' brace on he tooth . guard no touch . larry oh -- I be not gonna . guard really ? because it look to I like you be reach out with intent to touch , barry yeah , no , there be no intent . to touch , guard ( step forward ) cuz if you want to , go right ahead . touch it . I stand around all day , just wait for some punk like you to come along and make my ft interesting . larry be you threaten I -- oread he nametag ) -- brandon ? guard / brandon I do not know , princess , be I ? larry princ -- okay , who 's you supervisor ? I want a name . brandon oh , like what , you gonna go ery to Mr. Lopez on I ? like that other baby ? go right ahead . larry you know what ? never mind ... Larry start walk away . the Guard call after he . brandon yeah , that 's what I think ! on he way out , Larry see : old sarcopha : kahmunrah , decorate with its scream skull . it 's much | scarier in person . its lid be slightly ajar . it 's be open -- recently . | { ( | { 32 '' natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 22 . int . hall of american artist - moment later 36 Larry pass in front of photo and painting : american gothic , and the kiss , ( the famous plack and white photo of V - J day , of a sailor kissing a nurse in , Times Square . ) he stop , take a deep breath , move behind a free stand wall display smaller painting . we hear a series of zip and snap . and a second later , Larry emerge from the other side , now wearing he guard uniform , balling up he sweat in one hand before toss they into a trash can . a bored museum guard , heavyset , look he way ... larry how you doin 's ? guard neye Larry 's uniform ) '' do I know you ? larry from at = 4 ) guard oh , man , all that kid . I could never do that . larry I neither . that 's why Lopez just transfer I over here . guard what 's with the uniform ? larry ch , this be the /09 line , you do not get yours yet ? ( read ) Rick ? guard uh , no. larry . lucky for you , hr put I in charge of hookin’ everyone up , gettin’ size , you know . I juat finish with brandon down the hall . ( continued ) | { | i natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 23 . £ 36 continued : 36 | guard / that bean pole ? I think he still shop at baby gap . larry ( laugh along , then ) yeah . so what be you , Rick , about a 44 ? guard 48 . larry really ? turn around . the Guard oblige , hold out he arm as shoulder while simultaneously unhook the Guard 's belt . pat he on the back , larry ( cont ’d ) you know what ? you be right . you be a 48 . you do not lock it ... ( start walk teil you what , Rick , come by che morning and we ali set you up . | ( '' { guard thanks . Larry point back at he , head to a door that read museum | personnel only . use the schlage to open the door , he duck inside . { 37 int , a restricted hallway - continuous 37 Larry pull out he cell , hit a button ... 38 int . nick's bedroom - same 38 ick at the computer , screen show plan of the various smithsonian museum , pick up the phone . nick dad ? t 39 intercutting larry & nick : 39 & : larry I be in . nick great . be you in that corridor off american Art ? ( continued ) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 24 . 39 continued : 39 larry exactly where we say . what 's next ? nick : okay , you have get 45 minute till sundown , and thing get a lot more complicated . Larry set the timer on he watch . nick { cont 'd} now , it 's kind of a maze down there . that tunnel connect all the different building , but do not worry , dad , I be : gonna talk you through it every step of ; the way . first thing we gotta do be get you down one more level . there should be i a stairwell come up on the leave . larry I see it -- Larry go thry fh gooly yy a0 int , stairwell - same 49 as Larry head down ..- larry ; okay , I be head down . nick ( phone ) . ' good . when you get down to B level , you be gonna wanna . go -- and suddenly Larry 's reception go . nicky 's go . larry nicky ? Nick ? dammit -- i 41 int , nicky 's bedroom al 1 Nick look at the phone . uh oh. oi nick I really should nave factore in the whole below - ground thing . . 42 int . stairwell 42 Larry start to go back up to regain reception when we hear footstep coming down from above along with ... ( continued ) | natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 25 . ! 42 continued : 42 : woman' voice : I do not know how many time I have to tell you this , brandon . i_do not wanna go | out with you . '' Larry wheel around , hustle the rest of the way down , push | through the door at the bottom , the last thing he hear be -~- brandon ( 0.8 . ) : okay . how ' bout coffee ? . | 43 int . level B corridor 43 as Larry come out of the stairwell and stop in he track . the corridor here be t-shape , offer leave , right , or straight ahead . Larry check he watch , know he just have the fe choose . he start walk fast . two guard approach from the other end . Larry nod as they pass , then break into a jog as soon ag they be out of aight , 44 int , basement ~ federal archive - moment later as Larry end up at a chain - link security gate . beside the '' gate be a video camera and intercom . Larry '' casually '' hide ie a he face and walk up to the intercom . bore voice on the intercom i.d .? Larry show the camera Rick 's laminate . there be a long | pause . tha gate open , automatically . bore voice on the intercom ( cont ’d ) Museum close in half a hour . you get lock in do not blame I . Larry step through the gate into a pitch black room . it lock behind he , ominously . he look at he watch : 28 i minute and count . : i larry now I just gotta find the tablet ... he flip a switch . a series of overhead light turn on , each with a loud clunk : row after row , gradually illuminate : a room as big as a football field . in it be row of crate , stack to the ceiling . there must be a million crate down C here . ( continued ) 44 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 26 . continued : 44 larry ( cont ’d ) ( be you fuck shitting I ? ) really ?! Larry shake he head , take a breath , start walk between the row of crate . it 's overwhelming , he 's not sure where to start . he go to a crate with a latch on its side . he anlatch it : the 30 foot tentacles of a rubber giant sou tumble out . he cram they all back in , slam the crate , and latch it . we quick CUT : as he open ancther crate , another , another . he pries a crate 's lid off with a crowbar and open it : Inside be the ark of the covenant ... he slam the lid shut as fast as he can . look at he s' watch : inute and nting . dy a a '' 3 a wd ee oo a overneaé shot reveal the vast expanse of the place . place be a maze — literally . Larry look like 2 mouse in lose and hit dead end . Larry turn a corner . around bend , it look like a corridor of ghost : mannequin stand in the dark , cover with sheet -- it 's eerie . he move through a area that 's like a vehicle graveyard . a old model T , a Roman chariot , and old motorcycle with sidecar all sit quietly . for now . Larry pass general custer : a dash figure with curly hair and a roguish moustache in a 7th cavalry uniform and a puffalo Bill hat . his tag read : custer . General of the 7th cavalry . Larry keep search . Larry turn a corner , into the ... conservation area -- where several museum display be be restore on large table . there be a few painting on stretcher , a vase be repair and : a huge horse lie on its back , four leg stick straight up . a tag on one of the hoof , read '' custer 's horse . '' some brushes and a shop vac on a cart beside it . Larry look through the leg and see ... another exhibit : a woman with 1920 's jodhpur , a leather jacket , scarf , a aviator hat , and goggle . Larry read a tag , pin to she sleeve : on the tag : '' Amelia earhart -- for cleaning , asap . '' ( continued ) b v ) 45 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 27 . continued : ( 2 ) 44 Larry look at she as he pass , check he watch - he 's run out of time . ps or int. dead end in the maze of crate ~ continuous he turn another corner , run now , frantic - and freeze : larry oh my God ... he be in a '' cul - de - sac '' in the crate . it be fill with a frozen battle scene : a half - dozen wax egyptian warrior , in gold battle tunic , stand freeze , spear point the same direction . they be surround the 40 foot cargo crate from the Natural History Museum . there be clearly a chaotic struggle last night , that froze at sunrise . we heroes from NYC be hole up in the crate , outnumber -- a last stand . the crate be chain shut . Larry thread he way through the Warrior , careful of they spear . the crate 's deor be open , but because of the chain , they only open six inch . there be a long phone cord , lead inte the crate for phone on the wall , one of the egyptian Warrior be try to x freeze in mid-stretch . it 's a very weird so into the cargo crate with he flashlight . inside the crate : all of Larry 's wax friend - sacajawea , attila , ahkmenrah , neanderthals , etc . - be inside , freeze . they be defend themselves . octavius and jed 's men be in battle line in ront . the phone be lie on the floor . jed and octavius be nowhere to be see . larry ( cont ’d ) jed ? octavius ? Larry realize ~~ what be I do ? then he see : dexter . he be sit on a high crate , clutching the Tablet . larry ( cont 'd ) gotchal ( check he watch ) uh oh , Larry try to squeeze in the crate . he can not fit . he try to reach the Tablet . he can not . he grab a gold crook from a Guard and use it to reach in and hook the Tablet . he stick the Tablet into a backpack . he sigh , relieved -- just in time . then -- uh oh -- Larry 's entire backpack start to glow from the inside . ( continued ) 45 46 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 28 . continued : 45 larry ( cont 'd ) no . no no no nol another angle : 46 '' he turn to run -- and run face to F : ifth pharaoh , most dread £ pyramid . he be tall and regal , in he golden tunic and pharaoh headdress . he glare at Larry . then he bark , in a strange Language : kahmunrah choruus . taplet mar -~ rah . the Warrior surround Larry , spear raise . xry freeze , kahmunrah eye he -- size he up . Larry looke at nim , and not at the spear . kahmunrah speak in a strange ancient language that sound like he 's chew locust . kahmunrae ( cont 'd ) sprechen sie Deutsche ? parlez voue ~- francais ? English maybe ? larry ( nod , surprised } um -~ yeah . kahmunrah oh thank God . my german 's terrible . kahmunrah talk like a bored aristocrat . more foppish and spoiled than evil . kahmunrah ( cont 'd ) I -- be kahmunrah . great king of the great king , he who make the crocodile tremble in fear -- the great be what I be , which I assure you sound better in egyptian . I will take that Tablet , thank - you - lot . it 's a lot easiex to get when the monkey can not move . or bite . or ... pse on you . dexter peer out of the crate and laugh , kahmunrah throw a spear at he ~ dexter duck , then peer out and stick out he tongue . the egyptian Guards slam the cargo crate shut , and seal it . Larry clutches the Tablet . kahmunrah ( cont ’d ) you must be lawrence , Guardian of Brooklyn . ( more ) ( continued } AG v ) v ) v ) natm escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 23 . continued : 46 kahmunrah ( cont 'd ) from you friend 's description , I expect someone more - — — gigantor . what be you ? 5 8 '' ? larry 5 's 10 " . well , 9 and change . you , um ... speak English very well . kabmunrah ( with pride ) yes . T be on display at a rather prestigious university . larry Cambridge , with you brother ? ahkmenrah {from inside the crate ) year college . foff Larry 's lock ) } yes I know , my brother go to Cambridge . be have a bigger temple . ahkmenrah this , ahkmenrah that . ahkmenrah ( from inside the crate ) get over it already ! kamhmunrah get over it ?! ( to Larry ) do you know that she put I in a basket in the Nile , hope that I have be take in by another family ? larry what , like baby mose ? kamhmunrah I be twenty seven ! well now , I be about to take over the entire world -- ( to the crate ) . so you can just stick that up you papyrus , favorite Son ! ahkmenrah ( from inside the crate ) do not give he what he want , Larry ! ( continued ) 1 i } '' 2 2 46 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 30 . continued : ( 2 ) 46 jed be lock in a birdcage , hold by a egyptian Guard . jedediah yeah , do not give he the Tablet , gigantor ! he 's helpless without it ! up on top of one of the crate , octavius be crouch , watch the scene intensely , silently ... xahmunrah I be about as helpless as the God of rah optek . which may be a obscure reference , but I promise you , be a very sarcastic comment . ( be : jed ) I have thing under control last night until this fellow he chimp break out cf they crate . {to jed : ) the gig be up now , little friend . kahmunrsah scowl , and turn to Larry , kahmunrah the Tablet be more powerful than you can possibly imagine . with it I shall finally unlock the gate of neter - khertet -- and bring my army from the land of the Dead , where they have be wait this 3000 year . so , lawrence of Brooklyn -- if you would be so kind -- hand it over . pronto . Larry look at the Tablet . a idea occur to he : larry the ... tablet ? kahmunrah yes the tablet . do not play dumb . though you do it very well . larry oh . all you want be the tablet ? ( to jed : } so , he do not know about the ... other thing . ( acting relieved : ) wshew . oh sure , the Tablet of ahkmenrah . there you go . knock yourself out . he hand the Tablet over with no qualm . kahmunrah for it . then pause . reach ( continued ) vr ) v ) € ) 46 at natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 31 . continued : ( 3 ) 46 kahmunrah ... not that I be fall for this trick . but -- what other thing ? '' larry {innecent . } nothing . here take it . it 's a perfectly good tablet . have fun . ... it 's just not as powerful a the sword of Queen ... amidala . here . I be tired of carry this thing , anyway . kahmunrah ( think ... then : ) where be this .... sword Larry shrug and mumble : idunno . kahminrah signal he Men : suddenly Larry have six spear at he neck . he blurt out : larry row 3 , 3 /42 , but d come curse it will 2 sven the karmunras too late . ( to 4 Guards ) you , come with I . the rest of you - watch the crate . int . row cf crate - moment later a T kahmunrah reach for crate 8/42 . he look to Larry , who be be hold by 2 egyptian Guards . larry I warn you - do not open it . kahmunrah scoff . then hesitates . he signal to the Guards . kahmunrah you open it , kahmanrah signal a Guard , who nervously approach ... and unlatch it . the moment he do -~ the 30 foot tentacles of the giant squid explode out . they be fast . they grab Guards , they grab everything - like 20,000 leagues under the Sea . as the Guards fend it cff , Larry run away into the crate maze . kahmunrah ( cont ’d ) {tentacle around he neck ) after he ! I L 4 fe 8 will natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 32 . int . elsewhere in the maze - continuous as Larry run with the Tablet . he hit a dead end . he look back to see the Guards come towards he . he start to run down another row -- just as the giant squid crawl from between crate , and start toe slither he way . he 's cornere , larry ( to the squid ) stay ! ( then ) Worth a try -- the Guards ready they spear . Larry close he eye -~ and a hand reach down , and vank he up on top of the row of crate - just as the wall where he stand be riddie with int , top of tse row of crate - sontinucus 43 idecar that ia at enough , general C Larry look a old moter general custer you best hang on , Stranger , this be the first time I have ride this mechanical horse ! ( kick it ) ya ! Larry hang on as custer speed across the top of the row of crate . the motorcycle and side car fly off the end of the crate , hit the ground hard and continue down the aisle , towards a door mark # xit . Larry hold on . he see ~- octavius on top of a crate , get ready to leap down . octavius lawrence ! as they pase octavius , he leap down , and Larry catch he . octavius look back to jed , still in he cage . he call out : octavius ( cont ’d ) stay alive ! I will find youl Larry stick octavius in he shirt pocket . custer drive the motorcycle straight towards a exit door . custer you be in good hand . General George custer at you service ! ( more ) ( continued ) v) v ) v ) ag watm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 33 . continued : 49 custer ( cont 'd ) ( stand up , like he 's on horseback ) yeeeehaa -- wham ! custer bang into the top of the door frame and fall off the motorcycle , leave Larry now all alone riding in the side car ... that be , until the riderless motorcycle slam into a crate and come to a instant stop , cause ... ... the side car to separate from the motorcycle and continue on its own , wobble along on one wheel until it ignobly run out of steam , and tip over , dump Larry out of the '' egg '' and onto the floor . custer come up behind he , brush himself off . custer ( cont 'd ) you okay , mister ? larry ( stand ) I be fine -- custer good . now tell I the truth , and do not whitewash it -- how 's my nein ? larry you ... wait ... what ? custer half the battle be lookin’ like yer winnin’ . , and I just brush it out -- 500 stroke , each side , my daily regimen . what 's you secret , Stranger ? larry uh ... I be pretty much a shower , towel dry kinda guy . but listen , maybe this be not the best time to -- custer naive fool . we will discuss you groom shortcomings later . right now , I say we charge ! larry just you and I ? custer Hell , yes ! they think they have I pin down at Little Big horn and I survive that skirmish . couple of man in tutus be nothing -~. ( continued ) I 4 4g 56 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft continued : ( 2 ) larry actually , I be not sure thing turn out so well for you at Little Big - - custer ' chaaaaarge ! custer charge , straight towards the egyptian ... larry okay . yeah . goed luck with that . another angle : 34 , 49 50 Larry , tablet in hand , run for it , the other way . he turn a corner - where he bump into ... amelia harhart ~- amelia earhart why do not you watch where you be go ... to shush she , af . xe ir { they 'il be he - like kather amelia kew dare you shush I ! larry look , lady -- amelta Lady ? who be you call Lady ? the name be Amelia . ( more importantly ) earhart ? larry right . I know you be like this major pilot — - amelia Pilot ? I be the first woman to fly the Atlantic , first woman to receive the fly cross , first woman to fly across the 48 States ... in a gyroprop . and now , if you would wipe that perhaps permanent look of stupidity off you kisser , I wonder if you might be so courteous as to tell I exactly where I be ? ad . Amelia 3 urn in a Howard hawk mo KS ( continued ) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 35 . 50 continued : 50 C ae you nre in a museum . the smithsonian . under it actually -- long story -- but right now be probably not the best time to get into a whole -- suddenly , he pull she down with he behind a crate . amelia I beg you -- he cover she mouth . the Guards run past , not see they . he look at she , take he hand away -- larry sorry . but we be kind of in danger -- well , Z be -- so it might be best if you be not anywhere near I . amelia danger , you say . larry ( cont 'd ) yeah , so I be just gonna get out of here . C you have yourself a pleasant ... evening . he start walk briskly the other way , hear footstep behind he , turn around to see Amelia follow he . amelia what 's you name , flyboy ? larry nlook around ) Larry . daley . amelia well , Larry daley , in case you be not listen , I be not one to shy away from danger . '' larry okay . well , I be . that 's why it 's call danger , so that you shy away from it . I will be see you ... he peer over the crate . she stand up : the Zgyptian see she ~- they start run towards they , spear raise . larry ( cont 'd ) uh oh . ) ( continued ) cg a get ee etn ee 50 51 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 36 . continued : ( 2 ) 50 amelia now we nre gonna have some fun . she wrap she scarf around she neck , with dramatic flair , grab Larry by the hand and run towards a exit . amelia ( cont ’d ) let 's ankle , skipper . int , smithsonian gallery of art - moment later 5 Larry and Amelia rush into a gallery , fill with art a sculpture . they slam the door behind they . Larry try to lock it , Amelia look for something to barricade it with . she see a statue : a 6 ft , bronze clothespin by clae oldenburg . she try to drag it -- but can not . amelia do that big strong arm do something , or be they just for hold up you watch ? er drag it in front he help h . amelia ( cont ’d ) something valuable , Mr. daley ? larry very . and until I figure out exactly how I be gonna get my friend out of here , I need to keep it away from the bad guy . amelia and by '' bad guy , '' I assume you mean that scantily - clad fellow downstairs ? larry yeah , and they boss . suddenly , Larry be peg in the back of the head by a snow ball . Larry turn around , look at the painting hang behind they . it 's William glacken 's skate in Central Park . the figure in the painting be actually skate . they be '' alive : '' sledding , throw snowballs . as Larry lean in closer to the canvas we can actually see he breath from the cold , Larry and Amelia exchange a look . Larry look towards he backpack . larry ( cont 'd ) whoa . ( continued } 51 52 53 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 37 . continued : 51 behind they , there 's a pound on the door . kahmunrah 's Guards be try to break through . the clothespin statue suddenly walk away ~- its two '' leg '' work like scissors -- the door 's not block anymore , and the Guards tumble inside . Larry and Amelia take off . int . another gallery - continuous 52 Larry and Amelia be cornere in front of american gothic ( who watch they , curious ) . the Guards surreund they , raise they spear , menace . Larry think fast - he grab the pitchfork from the man in american gothic . he brandish it like a quarter-staff . larry thanks ! the daughter smile , revealing horrible tooth . Larry and Amelia jump back , frighten . Larry spin the pitchfork , in a fancy ( fake ) kung pu move , then another : ually fake it pretty good , make he beat kung - iu sc Guards back off ... Larry have the upver hand , until ... get fancy , do a '' matorette '' move , and smack himself in head with the pitchfork , hard . as as . larry ( cont ’d ) ow.ee amelia never send a boy to do a woman 's job . spend two week with a spear hunt tribe in micronesia . watch and learn : HH Amelia grab the pitchfork . she deftly throw it at the Guards . a Guard catch it easily , turn it around , and aim it at they . Larry glare at Amelia -- who shrug . amelia ( cont ’d ) the micronesian have much slower reflex . the Guards throw there spear . Amelia dive to the ground , shove Larry out of the way , as the wall behind he be stick with lance after lance . Larry fall towards a wall cover with huge frame photograph . he fly , and fall ... ext . time square ~ august 14 , 1945 - day 53 Larry land on pavement , hard . he look up -- he be in the middle of Times Square , and there be a hell of a party go on : ( continued ) | for | | 53 54 55 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 38 . continued : 53 Times Square be pack : 1940 's sailor and marine celebrate : blow noisemaker and jitterbugging with wac and bobby - soxer . eve = gl -- ig c , '' in front of he , a sailor be kissing a nurse , lip lock in a passionate embrace : Larry i ide a photograph -~ 7 kiss , the eisenstaedt photo of V - J day . wrap around larry as he stand up revealing : a rectangular window the size of a picture frame , in mid - AIR . inside it , he can see the Gallery he be just in . the gallery be in color . it look like a porthole . the Guards grab the edge of the '' window '' and cl into Times Square . everyone be too busy celebrate to notice they . Larry run , shove he way through the shoulder - to- shoulder crowd , the Guards press into the crowd , spear raise . waxry shove through the crowd . larry ' scuse I . sorry . get chase by crazy ancient egyptian ... could you dp thank you . suddenly , oddly , Larry 's cellphone ring . Larry pull it from he pocket ... larry ( cont 'd ) oh , sure , I get four bar in 1945 , but a stairwell 's too ... impenetrable ?! ( answer , calm ) this be Larry . int . mcpheeb 's office - natural history museum - same 54 mcphee sit with he leg up on the desk , cross , one loafer dangle from silk sock - cover foot . a half - full glass and a bottle of sherry in front of he . mcphee I be onto you , Mr. daley . intercutting larry & mcphee : , 55 larry Dr. mephee ? be that you ? mcphee oh , it 's '' I , '' alright . and I know exactly what you be up to . ( continued ) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 39 . 55 continued = 55 oo larry >» nlook around ) uh , - I highly doubt that -- mcphee mz. daley , when I allow you you monthly visitation to the museum , it be with the strict proviso that you respect this place -- | | | larry -- this be not such a good time -- '' mcphee -- not so that you could leave behind you deviant detritus . he dangle the long chew toy rope Larry have give to rexy . mcphee ( cont 'd ) t do not know what you do he but I expect you to clean a yourself . larry I really can not talk about this right now -- p ha a oe cr v ) mcphee i zi bet not . sound like quite the shindig ' you be have -- where be you anyway ? '' larry ( look around ) I be in Times Square , actually . mcphee oh , yes , let 's all hop in the private jet to attend the next fabulous Party -- larry that do not even ~ - Times Square be New York . look , I be gonna have to call you ( back , do not you dare -- t mcphee [ ( click , mcphee look at | the phone ) weirde. o~ Larry pocket he phone , keep move , look back over he bw shoulder , then bump smack into a sailor -- ( continued ) 55 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 40 . continued : ( 2 ) 55 sailor hey , bub , what 's you hurry ? do not you hear ? the war 's over ! larry '' not for I ... he point . the sailor see the egyptian come towards they . larry ( cont ’d ) that guy be try to catch I . sailor really . what unit you from ? larry well , I be from Brooklyn . but I be not really in a unit . see , I kinda come from the future and you be actually inside a photograph that someone tock sixty year ago , but because of ahkmenrah 's tablet -- ahkmenrah be this egyptian King -- the photograph somehow come alive and now -- the sailor put he hand up to stop he . sailor whoa whoa whoa . ( then ) do you say you be from ... Brooklyn ? larry uh , yes ... he stand on a street sign . he whistle . every head turn towards he . sailor fellas . fellas ! he point at the egyptian Guards -- every head turn to they . sailor ( cont ’d ) this guy be try to beat up my buddy here -- just cause he 's from Brooklyn . the egyptian Guards freeze . sailor and marine surround they -- a tough marine step up to they : '' tough brooklyn marine Jackson , S. private first class -~- from flatbush , get a problem with that ? ( continued ) > 56 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 4l. continued : ( 3 ) 55 the Guards try to flee , but a onslaught of sailor and marine descend on they , fist fly . Larry shake the sailor 's hand , and run towards the porthole , larry thanks ! ( as he run : ) ch , hey ! when you get to the 80' -- buy micresoft ! a lot of Microsoft — - he see the egyptian now break free of the throng . think fast , Larry tap the '' kiss sailor '' on the shoulder . the guy pull away from the kiss , look at Larry . larry ( cont ’d ) sorry . I just need to do this -- and now Larry kiss the girl in exactly the same way as the famous photo . the egyptian run past without see he . amelia ( 0 . anytime you be do | , mx. daley : Larry back away , see ameli nding she hand in through the porthole . he look at a ho larry thank you . that be very ... helpful . he then turn , take Amelia 's hand , get yank through space , vanish in mid air , the formerly kissing woman call after he ... kissing woman call I ! int , gallery - continuous ~ 56 as Amelia yank Larry cut of the photo to the floor . she look at he ... amelia well , I would not have think it to look at you , but you be quite the smooth operator , be not you , Mr. daley ? larry I have to think of something . amelia well , keep think , because here they come - — ( continued ) 56 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 42 . continued : 56 Larry look into the photo - the egyptian be charge straight towards they . they look at the picture frame -- amelia ( cont 'd ) hey , I have a -- larry I get it . grab that side . Amelia grab the leave side of the frame , Larry grab the right . the egyptian Guards be run straight for they . larry ( cont 'd ) one , two ... three / they flip the painting to face the wall . a second later there 's a loud thump as the Guards slam into the wall . they be trap inside the photo . larry ( cont ‘d ) that actually work . thank you . s§9 , gonna take off now , but thanks . lia ie there some reason , mz. daley , that you keep try to get rid of I ? larry no , it 's nothing personal , but , again , I be kind of in the middle of something here that 's not really you fight . amelia it 's because I be a woman , be not it ? larry no , it 's more because I have get this ancient raise - from-the-dead -evil - pharoah - guy who want to kill I , so that he can take this magic tablet and rule the world . amelia so it be because I be a woman . larry look -- amelia no , vou look , Mr. daley , if it be not for I , you have still be lose in that monochromatic mayhem . ( continued ) x ) € ) 56 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 43 . continued : ( 2 ) . 56 larry lose in what ? amelia the black and white photograph , you boob . now listen and listen good : I can help you . EI want to help you . and not because I like you , which so far I do not . but because I smell adventure , Mr. daley , and dammit , i_want in . . larry ( beat ) okay , fine , but do not biame I if something happen to you . amelia ( twinkle in she eye ) I should be so lucky . uw int . basement archive ~- moment later amidst the crate , kahmunran pave . we do not see who talk to . kahmunrah I -~ be kahmunrah , half - god-once - remove on my mother 's side . ruler of Egypt , future ruler of -- everything else . I have lest some man . actually : all of they . so I be in need of some new Generals to join I in my plan to conquer this world . I have select you . another angle reveal he 's talk to : napoleon bonaparte in full uniform ; ivan the terrible , with he long beard , long thick robe , tall pointy staff and ornate skull cap ; and ... bl capone . capone pull a '' not for display '' tag off he sleeve and crumple it up . kahmunrah ( cont ’d ) Al capone , napoleon bonaparte , Ivan , the terrible ... some of the great , most fear leader in history . gentlemen . ( warmly ) really , really fantastic to meet you . they dust pack peanut off themselves . behind they , they men climb up out of pack peanut , confuse . Ivan the terrible and napoleon be join by soldier -- capone by gangster . ( continued ) 57 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 44 , continued : 57 kahmunrah ( cont ’d ) all I ask be you allegiance . in return I offer you -- the world ... any question ? al capone yeah , I get cone : how come you be wearin’ a dress , pop ? kaemunrah it 's not a dress . it 's a tunic , it be the height of fashion , 3000 year age . any other question ? ivan the terrible thick Russian accent ) da. dis , uh - dress you be wear . do -- we have to wear one of dese , too ? kahmunrah no , you do not have to wear one toc . and as I dust tell Mr. capone . '' nok a dress , it 's a tunic . Big 4 otner question ? kahmunrah ( cont ’d ) any question not about the dress ? tunic . napoleon put he hand down . kasmunrah ( cont ’d ) right . well . moonlight 's waste , fellow . so , let 's keep this ghort . '' kahmunrah happen to look at napoleon as he say '' short . napoleon look around paranoid , he 's get a hair trigger : napoleon why do you look at I when you say '' short ? '' I be not short at all . I be of perfectiy normal height . kahmunrah yes , sorry , just slip out . Ivan stroke he long beard , hie accent be really thick : ivan the terrible if we be take some - ting oover , I want in . I be Tsar of all muzzer Russia , and yet I fear the taste of power grow faint on my . tongue , ( continued ) v) v ) '' ) 57 58 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 45 . continued : ( 2 ) 57 all three int . sculpture wing - continuous Larry and kahmunrah okay , I do not understand you entirely , but I like you menace facial hair ... plus , you really know how to wear that fury beanie cap . so ~- be you with I gentleman ? kahmunrah who have iife ?! be you with I ?! check each other ont for a moment , then : capone / ivan / napoleon yeah , sure . da. oui. kahmunrah superb . then bring the Guardian of Brooklyn and the golden Tablet to mf ! uw @ Amelia move through the wing , pass various seulpture who stretch awake as they pass ... they hear amelia do you by chance have a plan , Mr. daley ? larry right now I be think that the only way to keep the tablet safe be to get it out of the building . ( leok around ) but I need to find a exit ... amelia stick with I , Mr. daley . you will not get lose follow Amelia earhart . larry um .... yeah , right . a scream . startle , they stop and turn to look at the nude sculpture of venus as she cover herself up . ' venus sculpture ah , cara mio ! larry ahhh ! oh ... wow , I mean , excuse we , he get a peek at she and trail off . he offer he hand . larry ( cont 'd ) hey , how you do . I be Larry . ( continued ) | I for natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 46 . 58 continued : 58 ~ venus sculpture ( with a italian accent ) buon giorno . I be venus , goddess of love . Larry be awestruck ... she wave a hand in front of he eye . venus sculpture ( cont 'd ) hello ? hello ? buon gicrno . eye up here . suddenly Amelia slap Larry , without warning . amelia that be not she eye , Mr. daley . larry sorry . um ... hi , I be Larry . venus sculpture I know . you say that already . amelia loox , leg - dea 's think you teli we how to get out of hare , : venus sculpture '' I be sorry . I be the goddess of Love . Love d never think . maybe you should ask aim . venus point ... right behind they be : the thinker , sit in he well - know pose , chin rest on he fist . amelia thanks , toot . and put some clothes on ! larry really really nice meeting you ! Amelia drag he away . they rush across to the thinker : larry ( cont ’‘d ) hey ! hi. I be really sorry to interrupt you ... think . but we be wonder if you could tell we the fastest way out of here . the thinker look up at Larry . he think . and think ... larry ( cont 'd ) we be in , you know , kind of a hurry ... '' ~o just then , they see ~ way down the line of gallery : d napoleon' soldier search , and shouting in french . ( continued ) 58 53 69 naim : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 47 . continued : ( 2 ) 58 larry ( cont 'd ) who be that guy ? amelia '' lock like very annoyed french cavalry of 1815 , but I have rather not find out . int . basement - archive - continuous 59 the large shipping crate from New York be guard by capone 's gang : four hard - boil 30 's gangster , play poker . dexter be bang 4 tin cup on the bar of he tiny bird cage . int . shipping crate ~- same 6g General custer along with jedediah and the rest of Larry 's New York friend sit glumly inside the crate . well , except for custer who 's brush he hair , like a vain teenage girl , count each stroke ... custer 33 , 39 100 . ( '' 's to cavemen ) you. primordial man . tell the truth . { shake he hair ) how 's the sheen ? do it pick up the Light ? the caveman reach out , touch it , oooh and ahhh over it . jed , sit on the edge of a box , roll he eye . custer ( cont ’d ) thank you , cave dweller . and when time permit , I have be happy to counsel you on you own groom habit . ( address the other ) now then . down to business . as the command General in this outfit , I say we strike while the iron be hot ! sacajewea and how exactly be the '' iron '' hot ? we be lock inside a shipping crate . custer exactly , my shoshone friend . and there 's only one way to fight fire -- with wood} attila wif , .. wood ? ( continued ) eo ) 60 6 i natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 48 , continued : 60 sacajewea with all due respect , General , that make absolutely no sense . also , may I add that you be a vain moron . jedediar ( address the NY gang ) alright , listen up , all of you . ( they all look down at he ) gigantor be out there try to save we hide , so it seem to I that the least we can do be help he . and we can not very : well do that lock in here , now can we ? | ( glance at the door of : the crate ) | we need to escape . int . smithsonian gallery of art ~ lobby - continuous 6i ! i arry and Amelia run to metal security gate . t larry octavius ! narry reach into he pocket and pull out : octavius , who 's get lint and a stick of fruit stripe stick to he . octavius by mercury 's ankle ! you pocket be the toilet of history ! ( see Amelia ) and who ig this magnificent creature ? larry ( gesture ) famous pilot Amelia Zarhart , famous Roman general octavius ... amelia ( shake he little hand ) pleasure to meet you , General . and just as I ask not to be judge by my gender , I pledge to net judge you by you size . octavius oh , I like she , Larry . to Amelia ) perhaps , miss earhart , when this be all ever , you and I could -- ( continued ) vr ) v ) 61 war ms escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 49 . continued : 61 larry what ? no , no -- you * could not '' anything . octavius I be sorry , Larry , be you two together ? larry no . of course not . now I need you to focus here . octavius right. ( wink at Amelia ) focus. larry you have to get help . from anybody ! we be count on you , he look up to Larry . he nod , serious . _ octavius if we do not meet again , be bound in the pa not retreat in the face of they enem larry ( tries to sound ... Roman ? ) go swiftishly . octavius not technically a word , but I appreciate the sentiment . farewell , lawrence . ( to Amelia ) my goddess . Larry roll he eye , set octavius down . he fit through the gate and under the door . suddenly , a tiny arrow hit Larry in the back . he turn as three little cherub fly into the room . they do not look cute at all , but be fire cupid arrow after arrow towards Larry and Amelia . Larry pull Amelia into a corner as the cherub approach , laugh and shouting in italian . amelia you do not have to hold I quite so tightly , Mr. daley . I be perfectly safe . larry ( let go - embarrassed . ) iwas just ... sorry . ( continued ) | 61 62 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 50 . continued : ( 2 ) 61 amelia stop beat you gum , Mr. daley . you have not be able to take you cheater off my chassis since the moment we meet . larry I literally do not understand one word of that . the cherub now hover right in front of they and aim they little bow at they -~ cherub sparare dritto , stunad ! larry okay , fly baby , you gotta listen to I . this be not cool . someone could lose a eye with that little arrow of yours . I also suggest some diaper , or ... pants , or pretty much eny kind ef cover -up . one of they fire a arrow right at Larry 's forenead , larry ( cont ’d ) } they start laugh . Larry start come for they ... larry ( cont ‘d ) okay , that 's it , now you be gonna have a consequence - ~— the cherub turn and flee . Larry nod , hand on hip , look at Amelia ... amelia well do , Mr. daley . larry they just need some boundary . my kid be the same way at that age . except for the wing . but now napoleon 's Men charge in and we xealize this be what the cherub be run away from . another angle : 62 Larry and Amelia duck behind a large vase , out of sight . napoleon 's Men do not see they . they run through the hall . ( continued ) ) vr ) v ) 62 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 51 . continued : 62 Larry check around , they be go . Larry and Amelia sneak quietly across the gallery , stay low ... they run right into a pair of leg ... they look up to see : napoleon , ali alone . '' napoleon you be now my prisoner , s'il vous plait . he pull he sword from its scabbard , put it 's just a sword hilt , there 's no blade attach to it . napoleon ( cont ’d ) oh , merde . Larry stand up , knock the hilt out of he hand and grab he by the collar . Larry 's a little bit taller than napoleon . larry beat it , little man . napoleon oh , come on with ze '' little man , '' stuf , I be almost as as you . larry no you be not , napoleon be 50 ... Larry and napoleon both stretch up on they tippy - toe . jockey for '' who 's taller . '' larry okay , turn around . ( turn he back to napoleon ) Amelia , who 's taller ? and now napoleon turn so they stand back to back ... napoleon yes , Amelia , who 's talisr ? amelia it 's very close , but -- Larry quickly grab Amelia by the hand , take off run ... | natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 52. int , gallery - continuous 63 Larry and Amelia run right into a ambush . napoleon 's guard be wait in this Gallery , unseen , they musket ready . they turn to run the other way , but be greet now by more guard . napoleon with they , laugh . napoleon and so the little mouse run into the claw of the cat . so predictable . I , of course , one of the great tactical mind of all time , know that you would have a issue with you height -- larry I do not have a issue - ~ napoleon -- that you would , therefore , challenge I to a back - to- back - who 's - taller , and that you would the flee , right ( menacingiy ) ~- manenver De derriére . ( then} clearly , you know nothing about the great napoleon bonnaparte , larry I know that he be a french dude who like to stick he hand in he jacket -- napoleon ( explode ) -- one time ! I did that one time ! and it wasn ’t even my idea ! the stupid painter thought it would look cool ! larry okay -- I be sorry , it be a good look for you , though . amelia well play , General . napoleon merci , Mademoiselle . and now if you and you boyfriend would kindly come with I -- larry okay , look , I be not she boyfriend , okay ? we just meet , ( continued ) vr ) v ) '' ) 63 natm escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 53 . continued : 63 napoleon clearly , you know nothing of love . now gis way if you please . ( as they go , he scream , furious : ) and for the record I ’m 5°76 " and a half ! tt well above average for FRANCE in 180d0l1 ) napoleon 's 's Men grab Larry and Amelia and march they out . of rs int . smithsonian - castle common ~ continuous kahmunrah have redecorate the room with item hoard from the smithsonian -- he 's make it into he ersatz throne room : the floor be strewn with priceless rug . in the middle , be 4 mound of '' treasure : '' gold , the hope diamond , ming vase ... on top of the pile , kahmunrah lounge in he '' throne , '' which be in fact -- archie bunker 's chair , from all in the family . he look over dorothy 's ruby slipper from the wizard of Oz with a jewsler 'o loupe , kaemunrah this be not real ruby at all . he toss the slipper aside and pita back in hia '' throne . '' kahmunrah ( cont ’d ) whoever you be , archie bunker , you have one comfortable throne . in front of the throne stand : the gate of neter -khertet -- the freestand wall with a door in the center . voice as you request , my xing . kahmunrah turn as one of he slave carry in a cover silver platter . the slave lift the lid to reveal jedediah sit on the plate ... jedediah whatta you want , King tut ? oh , please , tut be a idiot , nothing more than a preen adolescent . I assure you , if he have not be unearth at the right time , no one ever would have uttere he catchy little name . ( then ) you be here , Mr. tiny cowboy , to help guarantee the safe return of the tablet . ( more ) ( continued ) 64 watm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 54 . continued 64 kamhmunrah ( cont 'd ) so just -- nmotion for the slave . to close the lid ) -- sit tight . '' the slave move off with the cover plate , jed 's echoing from underneath it .. jedediah ( 0.s. ) okay , now you be really chafin’ my chap ... napoleon 's Men drag Larry and Amelia in and throw they down . kahmunrah eye Larry , and stroll down from he throne . kahmunrah I will take this , thank you . he reach in the backpack and take the Tablet . Larry sag . kahmunrah hold the Tablet up , to he rogues Gallery . on one side of unimpress , vee so ? ++» no one ever listen . so ? this be the thingy we need to take over the world . this be not just some run-of - the-mill slab of gold that magically bring thing to life . this be a key . my key -- to world domination . for ten generation , my family be the keeper of the Gate to the world of the dead . and on the other side of that gate -- the horus : the all - powerful army of the underworld : he point at the Gate : it 's cover in hieroglyphics depict a terrifying battle : horus soldier -~ with the body of man and the head of hawk , charge through the gate , rampaging . kahmunrah ( cont 'd ) a undefeatable and immortal army , wait for my command , to arise and destroy everything in its path . ( continued } .) v ) v ) watm : escape from the smithsonian 41/04/07 draft 55 . continued : ( 2 ) 64 amelta you be a madman . kahmunrah funny , that 's exactly what ahkmenrah say . , . right before he be mysteriously murder in he sleep . by I . ( look off ) sorry about that , brother . Larry turn to see ahkmenrah bound and gag in the corner . kamhmunrah so glad you ' could be here to share in my moment of glory . kahmunrah hold up the Tablet in both hand . he close he eye , and say a incantation : the tablet start to glow . kahmunrah ( cont 'd ) Mak , keter om . om neter keh ... still under armed guard , Amelia turn to Larry . amelia he 's bluff . there 's no such thing as magic tablet that bring thing to life . Larry almost point out the obvious ... but do not . kahmunrah chant . even the rogues Gallery be spook ... he fit the Tablet into the alot carve in stone by the door , which be now glow . it fit perfectly . kahmunrah and now , after 3000 year , my evil army of the damned , shall -- be -- he touch 4 combination of square on the Tablet . everyone take a step back . xahmunrah ( cont ’d ) -- unleashed ! he push the final button and step back ... nothing happen . kahmunrah look at it , embarrassed . . kahmunrah ( cont ’d ) ahem , I say , my evil army shall be ... he try push the combination again . ( coneinued ) { i 11/04/07 draft 56 . natm : escape from the smithsonian 64 64 continued : ( 3 ) kahmunrah ( cont 'd ) unleashed ! ( nothing ) it 's a oid key . sometimes you have to jiggle it a little . ( he jiggle it . ) ) come on , talk to papa . | jedediah ( from under the lid ) hey , can - ca-rah , maybe you dead birdie army get bored after a few thousand year and desert you . kamhmunras | stlence ! : he try to force the deor open with he shoulder - and hurt himself : ow . the rogues Gallery look disgust . kahmunrah ( cont ’d ) oh , for the love of ysis ... ( look at ahkne : you onange the comb he come over and rip the gag from ahkmenrah 's mouth . ne 'd ) ahkmenrah I do not know . mother and father would not tell it to I . they have this crazy notion that you could not be trust . kahmunrah what 's all this write on it ? ahkmenrah gee , I do not know . why do not you read it ? ¥ahmunrah , self conscious , look around ... kambmunrah ha ha . very funny . so funny I forget to laugh . capone but you do laugh . you say , '' ha ha . '' kamhmunrah --quiet ! y ) napoleon what iz ze matter ? can not you read ? ( continued ) vr ) ) c ) 64 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 57 . continued : ( 4 ) 64 kahmunrah of course not , I have nanny monifa to read to I . ( to ahkmenrah ) 4 brother , you read it . abkmenrah over my dead body . kamhmunras soon enough , I assure you . ( to the guard ) take he back down stair . beat he a little , then put he in the crate with the other , see if that do not change he attitude . he sit down , disgust . he try another combination : I poet ct Al capone , guard Amelia and Larry with a tommy - gun , shout over to kahmunrah . al capone ( cont ’d ) what do we do with this mug ? rahmunrah turn ~ a malicious grin on he face : xaemunrah now that I have the tablet I have no use for they . you may release the prisoner — - ( then , evil ) -- from this world . ( capone and wilhelm be just confuse ... ) I mean -- kill they . the one in the basement , too . al capone eow you want it do ? there 's a river out there , we could fit ‘em all for cement boot , take ‘em for a swim . kahmunrah Fine . ( continued ) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 58 . continued : ( 5 ) 64 al capone or . we could line ‘em all up against the wall and paint ‘em red with a t-gun kahmunrah yes. good . also fine . al capone or . we could take ‘em all up to the roof -- kahmunrah whatever . just be do with themt capone pick Larry and Amelia up , and toss they again wall . capone and he man all cock they machine gun ... al capone alright , boy . on a count a three : plug ‘em . one. two . th -~ capone 's man freeze -- they turn to kahmunrah . kahmunrab oe . why ? amelia because : he can get you the combination . Larry lock at she , confuse ... kahmunrah consider this , kahmunrah how ? Amelia look at Larry : say something . Larry think . he clear he throat . larry because -- I can . kamhmunrah you be lie . larry . I could be . I might just be make it up as I go along here . or ... I might not be . T might just be the guy who spend two year look after that tablet and know everything about it . I might just be the only one here who have a chance in hell of find cut the combination . ( more ) ( continued ) 64 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 59 . continued : ( 6 ) 64 larry ( cont 'd ) then again ... I might be lie . but i you be to give I until morning , you would know for sure . kamhmunrae what 's in it for you , night Guard ? you want some power - share arrangement , you own small battalion of undead soldier , a continent to call you own , what ? larry just my friend . I give you the combination , and you let we all walk out of here . kahmunran think . the rogues look at kahmunrah . phey aod . kahmunrah +++ okay . deal . the code for you friend . but -~ gramma athkaolptep do not vaise no idiot . tf I give you 13 morning , I tu '' & statue ag you haye one hour . have reach into a still life painting , and pull out a not hourglass . he pull off one end , motion to he slave ... kamhmunrah slave ! the slave now bring jed over . kahmunrah grab jed by the scruff and drop he into the hourglass ... jedediah hey ! this be not necessary ... kahmunrah flip the hourglass . in the hourglass : jed be be buried by sand , kahmunrah look uncomfortable in there . ( look at Larry ) you have better get start . int . gallsry - moment later 65 Larry walk down the gallery , all the sculpture go from the gallery . he stop , pace back and forth a moment ... amelia penny for you thought ? ( continued } 2 65 66 natm escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 60 . continued : 65 larry my thought ? my thought be , because of you , I have a hour to come up with some ancient pass code . amelia oh , I be sorry , Mr. daley , why do not we go back and let that gun tote bootlegger finish what they start ? larry Z do not ask for you help -- amelia well , then I guess you be just lucky . larry I wish teddy be here , he have know what to do . amelia whe 's teddy ? teddy Roosevelt . twenty -sixth president of the United ... Larry think . it dawns on he . he pull the Museum map out . larry ( cont 'd ) teddy be here . int , hallway alcove ~ moment later 66 Larry and Amelia run through the hall . Larry check he map , not sure which way to go , when he hear a familiar voice ... teddy ( 0.5 . ) hello ? hellooo , some assistance please ! Larry turne to see : roosevelt on a pedestal , he have no arm or body , just a chest and head . larry teddy ! I be so glad the see you . teddy smash to see you , my fine lad . since I can not really move , it 's smash to see anybody . I have love to chew the fat all day as it be , but -- first thing first : my nose be so itchy it 's making I insane ! TI hate to ask , but could you ... please ? ( continued } i | | | ' i natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 61 . continued : 66 ; larry oh , um ... sure . Larry tentatively reach out andpscratch teddy 's nose . teddy good heavens that's fantastic . oh yes ! sweet rutabaga pie that 's divine . yesss ! tteddy 's happy sound be make Larry uncomfortable . larry '' De you have to do that ? okay , I have the { stop now . teddy thank you , lad . imagine my surprise when I wake up last night to find myselr arm - less and with a itch I iiterally could not scratch . not to mention that I be miss a few other territory enti amelia amel . bhis be you great nelp ? teddy well , hello there . and who might you be ? amelia Amelia earhart . recipient , legion of honor . teddy charme , I be sure . quite a catch , lad . you two make a rather handsome couple . larry I do not catch she , okay ? and we be not a couple . teddy and why not ? be you biind , man ? I mean , look at she -- teddy wink at she . she 's enjoy this . amelia yes , Mr. daley look at I . { continued ) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 62 . 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 larry I be look , but there 's a lot of issue here , major one , and I can not even believe I be discuss this ! I come here because I need you help . teddy I be all ear . well , I be all head , but I be listen . larry it 's a long stery but - this thing ( show he the Tablet ) be some kinda ancient combination lock - and I need to figure out the code . teddy not to worry , lad ! if it can be dream , it can be do . ( Larry 's not that impressed . ) what ? very inspirational advice , do not you think ? thins ? larry sure , pbut .. , sorry , ti’e just that -- you have Li I that one before . teddy do I ? ( teddy be crestfallen . ) what about '' some man be bear great -- '' larry '' other have greatness thrust upon they , '' right . we get one of you in New York toc . teddy wow . all my biggy . ( hurt : ) so you be quite close , you and this other I . larry kind of , yes . teddy ( jealous : ) so ... what 's he like ? a lot like I , I suppose ? larry yeah , except with ... you know , teddy ( a little choke up : ) say it . except with 4 body ! ( continued ) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 63 . i 66 continued : ( 3 ) 66 larry look , I be sorry ... I just ... v ) teddy | ( collect himself : ) I understand . you meet he first . let I take a lock at this lock of yours . Larry show it to he . teddy read it -- and laugha ! | larry you figure out the combination ! teddy rocsevelt of course not ! you need someone whe read egyptian ! you need Thomas jefferson . man 's a genius , speak 8 ianguage ! larry but zi do not have much time . eldy much time . he 's yast wo not take there , ie teddy point with he eye at the door behind he . larry thanks . i ( start to gc , pause ) : hey , teddy , one more thing . before I come here , the New York teddy be about to tell I something . it seem pretty important . he say that the secret to happiness , to true happiness be ... blank . any idea what he be go to say ? teddy the secret to happiness ? oh , I ‘il tell you the secret to happiness : nscream ) having a body ! be more than a freakin 's head ! that's the secret to happiness ! Larry 's already lead Amelia through the door , teddy 's seream echoing behind he ... - 67 int , hall of presidential portrait - continuous 67 Larry and Amelia enter a large gallery , line with ~~ presidential portrait . all of the president . they nre alive , bw and they be all bicker : whose frame be nicer , who have a better view , anything and everything . ( continued ) 67 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 64 . continued : 67 it 's as noisy as a exotic bird store . the portrait loop around the room chronologically . on Larry 's leave be Washington , Adams , jefferson , ete. , and on he right be Reagan , Bush , Clinton , g.w. Bush , etc , Larry try to get they attention . larry Excuse I ! guy , please ! the president ignore he , bicker . Larry flip the light on and off , like a annoyed school teacher . this settles they down , they all lock over at he : it 's a little intimidating . larry ( cont 'd ) um ... hi . sorry to bother you , but I need Mr. jefferson 's advice . president clinton ( from he portrait ) it 's more appropriate to say '' Mr. President . '' one of the gig , you preside thanks bubda , president clinton no prob 's t.d. they give each other a cool '' I get yer back '' wink , president reagan why , we even still call taft '' Mr. President . '' bveryone laugh . cut to president taft , who be quite fat . president taft you be lucky I be a gentleman or I have climb out of this frame and give you the thrashing of you life , dutch . president jefferson he 's lucky you can not fit out of that frame , be what you mean . the president laugh harder , taft try to get at jefferson -- ut_he can not fit out of : . president WASHINGTON ohave trouble talk through he tooth : ) ( more ) ( continued ) watm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 65 . i 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 | president WASHINGTON ( cont 'd ) he 's just sensitive ' cause he be bury in a piano case . ) president taft that 's not true ! I be bury in a very large coffin , not a piano case , cedar - tooth ! president WASHINGTON my tooth be not wood either , taft ! they nre hippopotamus ivory . everyone crack up . Bush chime in : . president GEORGE W. BUSH . how come you need jefferson anyway , kid -- what be you and Old Hickory up to ? president jefferson stop call I '' Old Hickory . '' that 's i Andrew Jackson 's nickname , no : epresident clevel why not ask I , son ? grover C only man in this room elacted to ... every President chime in : they have hear it a million time . '' ) yeland . | i every president | aos dw CO ! cutive term . : president grant lean forward and almost fall out of he i portrait -- he 's a little drunk . take a nip from a flask | he 's be hold just below the frame of he painting | president grant give it a rest < hic > Cleveland . why do not you go for a long walk -- around taft ! everyone crack up . the bicker resume ... larry guys. guy ... please ! knock it off . ( they quiet down . ) now , if you will excuse I . Mr. President jefferson , I hear you read hieroglyphics . jefferson I have study many thing , sir . there be not a sprig of grass that shoot uninteresting to I . '' ) ( continued ) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 66. 67 continubd : ( 3 ) 67 ~ larry can you tell I what this say ? the president all stop -- they take this seriously . president jefferson I shall do my best . Larry hancs he the Tablet : jefferson study it . finally : president jefferson ( cont 'd ) it translate roughly : to open this lock , one must first find the key to the house of the dead . larry House of the dead ? what be that ? president cleveland it 's a riddle , fancy - pants . president cleveland we , why do I sa S be cr o_o if it 's so ob d before you do ?! President jefferson look at tablet . president jefferson well , we know it 's egyptian . and as I recall , in Egypt , they have a rather unique name for they house of the dead . ( then ) they be call pyramid . amelia so what be the key to the pyramid ? president g.w. BUSH heck , I do not even know that thing be lock . larry I do not think they mean that kind of key . I think they be talk about a secret . but what be it ? the president start bicker . they all throw in guess ; everything from '' sand '' to '' slave '' and '' long rope ladder . '' '' 3 ( continued ) vr ) v ) ) 67 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 67 . continued : ( 4 ) 67 president jefferson I do not think anyone without a monument should get to guess . 1 president cleveland what about taft - he be a monument . the president burst out laugh , then start argue again . president g.w. BUSH this be a toughy . what you need be some kinda -- robot , with a super terminator brain . Amelia leans over , peer at he portrait , baffle ... amelia Excuse I . you be President ? ( Bush nod vigorously ) df the United States ? president 3.3. inodd ) I know ! it 's awesome ! all the other portrait just look at he as in '' how do that guy ever get in here ? '' Larry take Amelia , head out through the chaos . grant pull he aside - the booze on he breath make Larry flinch . president grant you want < hic > think do , yer in the wrong room . we be president -- talk we be good at . think ... ( he make a '' g0 - 80 " gesture ) you should go to the room where they keep a thinker . larry the thinker . thanks Mr. President -- s. amelia {to FDR ) Franklin , give my best to Eleanor . they continue argue , grant be sing brn 's brown sug , Larry pull Amelia and they head off . larry you know Mrs. Roosevelt ? amelta take she on a night flight over the White House once . good woman . ( more ) ( continued ) 67 68 69 natm : escape from the smithsonian 41/04/07 draft 68 . continued : ( 5 ) 67 amelia ( cont 'd ) dare say she would have make a finer president than she husband if you ask I . ext , the white house - continuous 68 octavius crouch in the park acre Pennsylvania Ave -- octavius I promise to bring help , and help I will bring . he be '' scoping out '' the White House . the gate be guard by secret service men . more secret service men patrol the iawn . octavius ( cont *d ) four man at the gate . two on the roof . fool . what idiot bui this place without a moat ? weil. fe 's only one way I will get through -~- a direct assaul ( he draw he sword } oo be abo ! vistory lawn , scream nis battle ory . octavius ( cont 'd ) chaaasaaaaaaaaaaaaaarge ! wi shot x z awn : you can not even . see or hear tiny octavius . the secret service patrol , unaware . he have to stop in the middle of the lawn , wind . he catch he breath , then raise he sword , scream and keep run , int , smithsonian - castle common - continucus 69 egyptian soldier enter with a huge roll up canvas . they drop it , and unroli it . a cloud of dust fill the air as the 1600 's spanish map of the world unroll , cover the entire floor . the rogues gather around , greedily . kahmunrah get up and regally address the rogues : napoleon , Ivan the terrible , Al capone ~- kahmunrah gentlemen . I have think long and hard to determine how I should split up my new realm amongst you , the future leader of the world . and in my wisdom , I have come up with a solution . ready -- ( continued } wy '' '' ) v ) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 69 . continued : 69 the rogues ali nod . kahmunrah open a old timey phonograph player . he crank it , and it play pop goe the weasel . as it play , the rogues walk around on the map , in a circle - they keep walk until -- kahmunrah stop the music : the rogues all scramble to stand on a regien of the map : ihey be play musical chair , capone be on chicago : al capone all I want 's Chicago . and , by extension - North and South America . any a you bum get a problem with that ? shout at each napeleon and ivan be both on Europe othar off - then they have a shove match , shove e knock off each other 's hat , kahmunras boy , boy , boy --- napoleon inish the argu gs not silly . ¥o karmunras boy . you can not both have Europe . napoleon , you take western Europe and Russia , Mr. terrible can have Eastern Europe and great Britain . whadda you say ? both man be pout , not want to take the deal . napoleon well ... who get Italy ? beat . ther Ivan and napoleen play '' rock , paper , scissors '' for Italy . Ivan win . kahmunrag and I shall take the most fertile , beautiful , peaceful region on Earth - the garden of eden , paradise itself : I claim - - the Middle kast . any objection ? the other lock at gach other - then they all nod . al capone / napolecn / ivan help yourself / knock ' yourself out / it 's all good / etc , in he hourglass : sand be up to the top . ( continued ) 1 | i natm : escape from the smithscenian 11/04/07 draft 72 . 70 continued : ( 2 ) 70 amelia Mr. daley ? I can see that you be on the scent of something -- larry po Einstein . he 's here . I see he . a bunch of ‘em ... amelia where ? larry ( remember , point ) . there . we now rack focus to a gallery window overlooking the mall , across the mall sit the Air and Space Museum . larry ( cont ’d ) we be goin’ to Air & Space . d he look at she , keeo look at she . she look back at he amelia ( cont ’d ) something wrong , Mr. daley ? larry no , I just -- amelia becanse I quite like the way you be look at I . larry ( look at she ) I be not look at you . amelia what 's the matter , thing get too dangerous for you , Mr. daley ? ( move closer ) because as I have already make clear , I be not one to shy away from danger ... she lean in , give he a brief , soft kiss , he eye wide oo open the whole time . ( continued ) natm : escape from the smithscnian 11/04/07 draft 73 . 70 continued : ( 3 ) 70 i. larry okay , that be like a thousand kind of weird ... amelia I do not know why I do that , Mr. daley . I just feel as if I have be asleep for a | long time , and now I be suddenly ... awake . larry actually , I can explain that -- we hear hand slowly clapping . they turn to see that they be not alone : Ivan the terrible 's Men surround they , they long rifle aim they way . ivan the terrible do ’bree vye ’cher . or as you say : good evening . you will come along quietly , Da ? or do you want to finish you little make - out party ? larry we be not ... look , it be not a make - out party , mister ... wait -- who be you ? ivan the terrible I be Ivan grozny . taar of Russia . larry ( still unclear ) uh , okay ... ivan the terrible Ivan the awesome ? larry '' Ivan the awesome ? '' I be sorry , I be not familiar with you work . amelia ( to Larry ) Ivan the terrible . larry ohhbbhh .... ivan the terrible ( impatient ) that be a inaccurate translation . but people like a scary sounding name , so here we be . ( continued ) 70 71 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 74 . continued : ( 4 ) 70 amelia you be a murderous tyrant . you deserve that name . ivan the terrible tomayto tomahtc , and who aré you , my pretty ? amelia Amelia earhart . and I will make you a deal . if you famous streltsi can beat I in a foot race to the end of that corridor , we will not only surrender quietly , but we will pledge we eternal allegiance to you above all other . ivan the terrible I like the sound of that . and if you win ? amelia you have already catch either way . we , so you win ivan the terrible ( think ) hmm . I do so enjoy watch my captive suffer for my own entertainment . agreed ! ( shout ) my streltsil prepare to run like the siberian wind ! the soldier all line up like sprinter , Amelia with they . ivan the terrible ( cont ’d ) ( in Russian ) on you mark ! get set ! go! the Russian Soldiers take off like a shot down the corridor , Amelia immediately grab Larry by the hand bolt with he in the opposite direction into a stairwell . Ivan stand there . ivan the terrible ( cont 'd ) ( finally , quietly ) dammit . ext . the white house - night qi octavius gasp for breath as he continue trudging across the lawn towards the White House , suddenly we hear a TWIG SNAP and he freeze , on full alert . ( continued ) v) v ) '' ) 71 72 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 75 . continued : 71 octavius whirl around , something be stalking he , something unseen . octavius | who' there ? a shadow fall cver he . he icok up -~ and freeze in terror ... octavius ( cont 'd ) ( whisper to himself ) Jupiter protect I . octavius' Pov : a giant squirrel stare at he , like something out of King Kong . the squirrel let out a giant roar : ( to octavius 's tiny ear ) ... it 's terrifying . octavius hold still , as the squirrel sniff he face , like the t-rex in jurassic Park . ( whisper remain very 5 % . it bite octavius 's helmet , the squirrel pick he up off the ground . he fight to hold onto it , but the squirrel be too strong . the squirrel try to '' crack '' the helmet like a nut . octavius slowly raise he sword , start speak in a calm voice . octavius ( cont 'd ) hear I , oh mighty Beast , I defeat two hundred armored elephant at malventum . I suffer ten thousand arrow at arausio ... and so , on this night , as Mars be my witness , you will not have my hat ! octavius jab he sword at the squirrel , which cause the giant animal to drop he . as octavius square off for battle , the squirrel easily swat the sword out of he hand , and then back hand the little Roman off he foot . ' the squirrel then grab he foot , and drag he into some bush . octavius disappear into the bush -~ he be go ... octavius ( cont 'd ) nooocoo !! 1 int . basement - archive - shipping crate - continucus 72 the capture exhibit all gather around a caveman etching of a '' tactical '' draw scratch into the side of the crate . ( continued ) I ie be natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 76 . 72 continued : 72 &d ahkmenrah , he clothes tear from be rough up , stand beside it , gesture to it , outline the plan ... ahkmenrah x-.use a elaborate system of rope and pulley , similar to what we Roman friend use to build the aqueduct , we will employ tiny tnt charge provide by we railroad laborer , hopefully enough to blow one hinge off the bottom of the erate door . then , once the crate be thus structurally compromise , we neanderthal , Civil War and hun friend will fling they body against the docr , cause it to swing violently open and erush the guard on the other side . any question ? everyone just stare back at he . aukmenran ( cont 'd ) good . we have get work to do ... 73 int , maze of crate - moment later '' elsewhere in the maze . Larry hurry along with Amelia , amelia tell I , Mr. daley , do you have a lady friend ? larry what ? amelia I mean , you be not horrible to look at . a certain kind of woman might even find you attractive . so what 's you stery ? larry uh , my story be , I do not have a story . I mean , I use to have a story , but we work together at the museum , and then I get kinda busy , and the story ... end . amelia '' busy ? '' busy be not a reason , Mr. daley . busy in a excuse . larry — _ well , whatever it be , she leave . ( continued } 73 vy ) vw y wy ) 75 76 natm escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 77 . continued : 73 amelia perhaps you give she no reason to stay . larry ( reach for a door ) yeah , okay , thanks for the life coach . can we just find Einstein now ? ext , smithsonian - the castle - continuous 74 a emergency exit on the side of the Castle oven . Larry and Amelia burst cut . we widen to reveal : the vast National mail sit quiet between the loom white randeur of the Capitol dome and the Washington monument . Larry and Amelia turn to head across the mali to the Air and Space Museum when : they hear a thunderous pounding of boot . Larry look off , see a huge column of medieval russian soldier now crossing the mall , cut off they path to the ir & Space Museum . larry we be gonna have to lay low for a while . amelia where ? they be go to search this whole square . larry follow I ... ext , the national mall - moment later 75 Larry sneak Amelia across the mall , through the shadow . ext . lincoln memorial - moment later 76 the massive , open - air building be desert . Light shine up onto the marble column , and on the silent face of abraham lincoln : 19 foot high -- make of solid marble . the place be empty . Larry sneake in with Amelia . they slide down behind a solumn , sit beside each other , catch they breath . amelia so. now what ? larry when the coast be clear , we head over to Air and Space .. I get the code , I give it to kahmunrah , he let my friend go . ( continued ) i | natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft continued : amelia and then what ? he open that big door and release he army of the undead ? larry '' T do not know , I have not get that far . they sit there a moment . she look at he . amelia so what exactly be you '' busy '' do ? larry what ? amelta when you lady friend leave you ? larry be we still on that ? amelia gust try to page the time , mz. dalsy . he look at she for a beat , then ... larry okay . Fine . if you must know , I nve get my own business . amelia really . do what ? larry I invent some stuff . amelia oh . you be a entrepreneur then ? larry yeah , I guess so . amelia ( pleased ) how exciting . larry yeah ... amelia yet you do not seem excited . 78 . 76 {continued } '' ) natm :s escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 79 . 76 continued : ( 2 ) 76 'ot larry no , I be , it 's great . I be do really weil . 1 she just keep look at he larry ( cont ‘d ) what ? amelia I be just confuse , be all . if you be not excited by it , then why do you do it ? larry I just say I be excited . look , I could not really be a night Guard at a museum for amelia why , be it a bad job ? larry no , it be a awesome job , I lo but that 's not the point . I have t something more with my life . $e bt oc ( { { the rest of my life . ! i amelia something more ? yeah , I mean , why do you become a pilot ? amelia honestly , Mr. daley ? ( then ) for the fun of it . { then ) larry | '' ; . { why else would anyone do anything ? t larry it 's a little more complicated than that . be it ? let I tell you something , Mr. daley , you think I do not know what they say about I behind my back ? that I be a second rate pilot . that I be marry to a publishing magnate who give I free publicity . that I be a loudmouthed female who be better off at home . I hear every word , but I do not care a whit . you know why ? because , Mr. daley , I be do what I love . ( more ) ! { amelia | | | ( continued ) 76 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 80 . continued : ( 3 ) 76 amelia ( cont 'd ) and I will tell you something else : I would gladly trade every minute that I have spend on the ground , for just one more minute up there . he 's look at she . amelia ( cont 'd ) alright . you be look at I that way again . larry no , actually , I be look at -- opoint over she shoulder ) she turn , look up now as well ... amelia great gatsby ... and now we see he : abraham lincoln , 19 foot high , stare straight down at they . he stretch awake ~ pop he neck , like he 's be sit too long . he lock at the Tablet , larry oh come on . ( he yell at the Tablet : ) this should not count . you bring thing to life inside . we be not inside anything . there 's only three wall , that do not make a inside . that should not count . lincoln look around -- slowly . he clear he throat , and say , in a voice like GOD : abraham lincoln now . where the devil do I put my hat ? like a giant in a Ray harryhausen / sinbad movie -- lincoln start to stand . Dust fall off he , the floor beneath he ereak . Larry rush forward , wave he arm . larry oh my god. nonono . please Mr. President ! do not get up on my account . sit. sit ! lincoln step forward , like godzilla -- lean out between the column , to look around . larry ( cont 'd ) you can not go out there ! stay ! stay ! it 's very dangerous for you ! ( continued ) ry be ) ry natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 81 . continued : ( 4 ) 76 abraham lincoln though it would be safer for a president to live in a cage , it would interfere with he business . larry love the quote , but I really can not let you leave here -- Larry run in front of lincoln , try tc block he way . lincoln look down at he , he look mad -~ it 's intimidating . larry ( cont ’d ) ... what be I do ? lincoln reach down -- and pick Larry up by the back of he collar ( the' way Larry pick up jed . ) larry ( cont ’d ) jed 's right . this do not feel very good . {to lincoln , desperate ) please Mr. President . you you be a monument . one of treasure , you be the great president whe ever live -- but you have to stay in you monument ... you gotta trust I on this . if you go out there -- people be gonna totally freak out . lincoln think ... abraham lincoln greatest president ever , you say ? ( Larry nod emphatically ) who come after I ? larry um ... Ulysses S. grant I think . abraham lincoln ... that lush ? he could barely find he way to the liquor cabinet . what 's he monument like ? larry he do not have one . he have a tomb , near the bronx . nobody ever go . : lincoln smile . dissolve to : '' S natm : escape from the smithsonian lincoln think . he reach up shoulder with he finger . the p feather . Larry and Amelia be a little disturb by this . later : abraham lincoln so Mr. daley . what you be tell I be -~ they make a monument of I , but they forget my hat ? I love that hat . larry yeah , no , I mean ... I too . very good look for you . abraham lincoln Larry , I will stay here as you ask . but let we have faith right make might , and in that faith , let we , to the end , dare to do we duty as we understand it . larry okay , I be pretty sure that when you say '' we " you mean '' I , '' but that 's the thing , I do not have a plan , I do not understand it . abraham lincoln so what ? in my darkest hour I frequently take comfort in know that sooner or later , the right answer always present itself . amelia and that work for you ? abraham lincoln look how big a monument I get . abraham lincoln ( cont 'd ) remember kid : a house divide against itself - can not stand . Larry look at he - hmmm . 11/04/07 draft 82 . 77 lincoln be sit in he chair , leg cross . Larry be on one arm of the chair , Amelia on the other . a few pigeon mill about on lincoln 's shoulder . Larry have be talk for a while . lincoln think . he pick up the Tablet . and thaps a pigeon off he eon be gone , in a puff of lincoln set Larry and Amelia down . he smile down at they , {continued ) vv ) v ) ) 77 78 79 natm : escape from the smitheonian 11/04/07 draft 83 . continued = 77 larry okay . not really sure how that advice really apply right now , but thanks . amelia he 's say we should stick together . abraham lincoln you dco make a cute couple . larry we be not a -- ( then ) never mind . Amelia smile at he . they start walk way . lincoln lean forward in he chair , call after he ... abraham lincoln compassion , Larry . above all thing - compassion , for all of God 's creatuz more pigeon land on nim . he swat at they , like abraham lincoln ( cont 'd ) except for this damn pigeon . they should really ail just die . they leave he , swinging and cursing at the pigeon . £ xt , the national mall - moment later 78 the mall be quiet - empty , just the giant white monument , the capitol building loom in the background . in the b.g , Russian soldier be search for they . Larry and Amelia sneak across , and around to ... ext . AIR and space museum - side exit - continuous 79 Larry take he schlage card , unlock the door , and open it a crack . he take a look at Amelia , take a look at the Tablet . larry okay . this be gonna get pretty weird . let 's just find Einstein , ask he the pyramid question , and leave . he open the door - and take a deep breath . b i h gl narm escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 84 , int , AIR and space museum - continuous 380 they walk in , Larry look around : they be in the huge , three story lobby , with a iron staircase that go to the top . full -size airplane from every era cover the floor . hanging above on wire : the gossamer condor , the Spirit of St. Louis ... everything start come to life : one by one , the wax pilot inside each plane spring to life , and begin flipping switch excitedly . engine be revving up , propeller spin , exhaust be start to stream out of the space capsule ... pushing in on amelia as she stand there take it all in , euphoric . she 's home . in the '' moon - landing '' diorama : the full - size netl armstrong step down from the apollo capsule ~ he 's almost weightless : neil armstrong that as. , , one small step = check the engine of they husty by , tie he long avi . charle lindbergh perfect night for fly . ( to Amelia ) Race you to the sky , a.e . amelia you be on , lindy . harry lock around -- as the pliot start they engine , orville wright contact ! larry oh my God ... no ! no no nol ... no flying ! elsewhere in the museum : 81 Amelia speak to something 0.s.... amelia bh -- the Old family Bus ... reveal she be look at : a candy apple red plane . it 's beautiful . a plaque next to it read : amelia earhart 's 1928 lockheed vega . she run she hand over the propeller , look around for Larry . ( continued ) ©) 81 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft a5 . continued : 81 amelia ( cont 'd ) this gal take I across the atlantic. ( look around ) Mr. daley ? Mr. daley ? | several quick shot : as jet , russian rocket , even a m2 - f3 Space shuttle prototype fire up its engine . reveal : Larry stand on the information desk in the middle of the lobby : he wave they above he head ; the crisscross '' no - go '' signal . larry ( sound as official as he can ) we be a no - go on the launch , people ! I repeat , that 's a big ... November Google . Tower control say we get zero visibility and a ceiling of ... negative -- eighty ... two . which mean we're on a highway the the danger Zone . as of now , the tower 's ground all cra ground ali craft . we be in a holdi pattern till we get a ... a-ckay yer ... from ... norad . til then ... let 's stay frosty people . stay frosty . maverick out . the pilot shut off they engine . Larry breathes a sigh of relief . he head straight for the gift shop , but the little Einstein paperweight be go . he look around -- larry ( cont 'd ) alright , einstein , where be you ? ( turn , stop in he track ) whoa ... stand on the floor in front of he be able , a small monkey i ace +. he 's adorable -- and look a little bit like dexter . larry ( cont 'd ) hey , little fella . able point to he name patch : able , first monkey in Space . he salute . . larry ( cont 'd ) oh , okay -- ( return the gesture ) at ease . ( continued ) 81 82 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 86. continued : ( 2 ) 81 able reach out to shake Larry 's hand . cautiously , Larry reach out to shake hand . larry ( cont 'd ) wow , you nre a polite little guy , be not you ? I get a buddy from New York you could teach some manners to . able smile -- then swing himself up onto Larry 's back ... larry ( cont ’d ) oh , want a ride ? suddeniy , we hear ziiiiipppp and before Larry know what 's happen , able grab the Tablet from he backpack and run away , laugh . barry ( cont 'd ) noi bad space monkey , no ! give it back . Larry run after he . able run towards ... the diozal of the moon 's surface , with the Apollo the Moon Rover , and a overhead display of the complete with planet earth , spin above . able jump over the low plexiglass divider and into the exhibit . Larry jump after he ... ... but he do not land . he hover off the ground . larry ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) oh , come on ... int . moon landing diorama - continuous 82 a wide shot reveal , they be float in zero gravity , above the '' moon surface . '' able spin in slow motion -- then make a slow - mo raspberry at Larry . the lack of gravity be very hard to adjust to . Larry spin out of control -- very slowly . larry hello ? Amelia ? anybody ? able push off the '' moon surface '' and float up away from Larry . Larry try to '' swim '' after he . it do not work , he just swim in place . Larry push off and soar upwards . able hold out the Tablet , teasing Larry . Larry grab for it . at the last second able pull it away , like a bullfighter teasing a bull . ( continued ) 82 b4 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 87 . continued : 82 Larry sail upwards , able deliver a spin soccer bicycle kick to Larry 's butt as he sail by , send he fly ( slowly ) up into '' outer space . '' he scream , in slow motion : larry ( cont 'd ) nocooconcoecagaceo0q0000000000 ! he look like he ’1ll go on float forever when : bump , he slam he head on the ceiling , paint to look like star .. Larry float , upside down , frustrated ... he realize -~- he 's get peed on : able be pee up at he in weird float bubble . Larry speak , he sound iike he 's underwater : larry ( cont 'd ) what be it with you guy , and the pee ? that 's not how we settle our problem . Larry push towards able . as he 's about to grab he , able crouch -- and make a small fart . it work like a booster recket , shoot he up . larry ( cont ’d ) oh , nice -- I take back what I say about you manners ! able hold onto cardboard Earth , hide , clutching the Tablet - Larry can not reach he . de think . he pull himself out of the diorama . int , AIR and space museum - gift shcp - mcment later 83 Larry look around the store . behind he , several astronaut be shopping for t-shirt . Larry find something - a hal int . mcon landing diorama - moment later 84 Larry 's at the plexiglass divider . he wave something at able . larry here , Space monkey ... here , Space monkey . able peer out , from behind the Earth . Larry see he , and pull out , from behind he back -- astronaut ice cream . able , still clutching the Tablet , be eyeing the ice cream , hungry , larry ( cont 'd ) this ? you want -- this ? able be transfix . Larry pretend to eat the ice cream . ( continued ) 84 85 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 88. continued : 84 larry . ( cont 'd ) mmmm. neapolitan ... goood . he bite it -- it 's kinda gross . le try to bite the Tablet . no good . able float over , out of the diorama . larry ( cont ’d ) Trade you . Trade you . he offer able the ice cream . reluctantly -~ able trade , the Tablet for the ice cream . Larry hold he hand . out . larry ( cont 'd ) Friends ? able shake Larry 's hand . int . smithsonian - castle common ~ moment later ged ig still in the hourglass . kahmunrah 's face in watch the sand fall , kamhmunrah bye bys itty bitty cowboy ... jededian just keep talk common rot . you and I be gonna tussle real soon ... ocoooch . I be petrify . capone approach , and refer to people off screen : al capone this two hear we be take over the world and they '' want in . '' I do not know who they be , I ‘guess they be on display here too , kahmunrah ( look off -screen ? ) I do not even know what they be . tell they no . my axis of evil be full up , thanks anyway . another angle reveal : darth vader and oscar the grouch , wait expectantly . kahmunrah wave they off . kahmunrah ( cont 'd ) so sorry ! all full . ( continued } v) 85 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 dreft 89 . continued : 85 oscar the grouch tim also good with letter and number , if you need somebody in that department . kahmunrah I do not need you . you do not even seem that evil . just vaguely ... grouchy . oscar stozm off , grumble grouchily . darth vader try to use the force to '' choke '' kahmunrah , but nothing happen . kamemunrah what be you do ? confused . kahmunrah make the darth vader '' choke '' gesture back at vader who turn and sulk off , the pharaoh call after he ... kahmunrah oooh , scary hand gesture . what do that even mean ? ing . atr and space museum - continuous 86 barry search the ground ficor . Amelia call to he : amelia Mr. daley ! he turn and see Amelia stand at the '' information '' desk where a dozen einstein paperweights , each of they lie on the counter , on they stomach -- like child -- madly scribble equation on scrap of paper . larry Mr. Einstein ...s? and they all look up at Larry as one . larry ( cont ’d ) look , I hate to bother you ... equate , but I need to know the secret of the pyramid . it have something to do with a combination ? maybe ? they all start laugh , try to talk at the same time . larry ( cont ’d ) whoa - - hang on . I can only listen to one Einstein at a time . ( continued ) | 86 natm : continued he say world , be something she look escape from the smithscnian 11/04/07 draft albert einstein you be kid , right ? it 's not really that easy be it ?! larry ' be I miss something ? albert einstein the secret of the pyramid | ? 1 come on kiddo , you take math right ? larry some . i.got a C minus in algebra . albert einstein well , I flunk math and 2 still know this one . the secret of the pyramid . hind he , the other einstein all mime eat , vabbing they stomach . cther einstein mmmm , this be so delicicus . mmm ... maybe I will have mine a la mode . albert einstein a_la mode , Mr. daley . think about it ... larry what ? the answer 's ice cream ? amelia it 's pi ... larry okay , how be a piece of pie the secret of the pyramid ? what , because they be both , like , triangle or something ? 90 . 86 's it like the answer be the most obvious thing in the at the einstein and they all laugh with she now . amelia pi , Mr. daley . p- i. not p-i- E . that 's the secret of the pyramid ... albert einstein this young lady be much too smart for you . larry yeah , okay , can you just explain ... ( continued ) S '' ) '' ) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 drait gi. continued : ( 2 ) 86 Einstein draw on a piece of paper , explain : albert einstein pi be the ratio of a circle 's circumference to its diameter . to be exact : 3.14159265 -- the egyptian know all about pir Einstein draw a pyramid and show how pi fit into it . albert einstein ( cont 'd ) if the circumference of a pyramid be divide by twice its . height : you get pi . the internal chamber , in cubit , always measure : pi . they be bananas for pi . that 's you combination kid -- pi. 3.14159265 . larry that 's so simple ... Larry look on the back of the tablet . egyptian number ( just simple line , larry ( cont 'd ) wow . thanks . 3.14 ... 2 ... ( he forget the rest . ) you do not have some kinda trick to help remember it , do you ? albert einstein I sure do ... binstein write it on Larry 's hand . larry that will work . Larry take a breath , relieved . he and Amelia start walk away ... amelta well , now what ? larry there 's too many guard over there in the other building . we need to draw ‘em away , we need bait . ( look at she ) something entice . amelia you be get a look in you eye . ( continued ) of 86 87 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 92. continued : ( 3 ) 86 larry nstop walk ) okay , will you stop with the whole look thing ?!. we kiss , okay , one time . and yeah , it be a really nice kiss , but just so you know : I be completely freak out about it , because - - yes , I like you . you get into my head , okay ? what do you want I to say ? I think you be one of the coolest woman I have ever meet ? yes . you i be . alright ? you want I to say that 1 think you be really really good look ? okay , yeah , that too . but where do that leave we ? because in case you have n 's ? i notice , it 's not like we be exactly long - term compatible , so I be like really freakin 's out over here , okay ? amelia ( beat ) |! | leok in '' perhaps ? Larry look back at she a moment , want to now shrivel up and die . larry oh. okay . so forget all that other atuff . and yeah , I have a idea . ( quickly turn away ) c’mon . int . smithsonian - castle common - continuous 87 jed struggle against the rise sand , kahmunrah watch , pleased . we hear 0.8 ... michael corleone ( 0.s. ) I know it be you , fredo ... kahmunrah look to where capone watch '' the godfather '' on a old betamax machine sit amongst the pile of loot . napoteon and Ivan , both rivete , eat popcorn on either side of he . . michael corleone ( cont 'd ) you break my heart . capone watch as Michael corleone kiss he brother , fredo , on the lip ... ( continued } v) ‘ea bw lw 87 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 93. continued : 87 '' michael corleone ( cont ‘d ) 4 x ke . | I al capone ( stand up , scream at the tv ) what ?! what 's with the kissing ?! if you know it be he who betrayed you , you \ill he ! you do not kiss he ! napoleon : pardon , I believe it be know as ze kiss ' of death . ! i al capone i yeah , well , everybedy know you frenchy like to kiss each other . ( kick cver the tv ) all this copycat tough guy make I sick . suddenly ~- 2 booming voice ring 2ut . booming voice Zahmunreh . kahmunrasaah . stand , and obey . face the east , to honor you God anubis . | | | xahmunrah stand up straight , confuse . : booming voice ( cont 'd ) present you right hand , in praise . i '' i ' confused , he stick he hand out in front of he . booming voice ( cont 'd ) now - stretch you hand West , to honor rah , ged of the sunset . ( kahmunrah stick hia hand out behind he . ) then again east , and shake it all about . kahmunrad if you be a God , why be not you speak egyptian ? larry ( 0.s. ) ( still in he '' God '' voice ) who say I be a God ? it 's I , Larry . you ! just do the hokey pokey . 1 kahmunrah explode , furious . he yell at the ceiling , not sure where the voice be come from . ( continued ) 87 88 as 90 91 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 94 . continued : ( 2 ) 87 kahmunrah I have you friend . I will find you !!? int . AIR and space museum - continuous 88 '' Larry listen to kahmunrah rant over the museum 's intercom system at the information desk . larry tt know . look out the window . int . smithsonian - castle common - continuous 82 kahmunrah stop . he go to the second floor window and look out . he yank a antique telescope from napoleon 's belt - — napoleon oh , yes , steal the '' little person 's '' telescope ... capone quit you whining , frog . napoleon ivan the terrible good one , shorty pants ! kamhmunrah silence ! kahmunrah raise the telescope , across the lawn , he see : ext . AIR and space museum - window - continuous 30 Amelia be in the window , hold up the Tablet . she taunt kahmunrah with the Tablet , kissing it . int . smithsonian - castle common - continuous gi larry ( 0.s. ) = I have you Tablet . and now I have the code . come and get it . kahmunrah ( to he thug ) go ! get that Tablet ! capone , napoleon , Ivan and they man run out , tommy - gun and sword , etc. raise . 92 with ) '' ) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 35 . int . basement - continuous 92 capone rush down , and bark at he gang . '' al capone all right , you mug -~ ( he cock he gun ) tet 's show this palooka how we do thing in chi-town . capone 's gang grab they tommy - gun and run off , leave the cargo crate unguard . we hold on the crate . after a moment , we hear a faint pfffft ! from inside . and then ... R eravy thudding against the door . then another . dexter watch from the bird cage as the door be ram repeatedly from the inside to no avail , finally , in bottom corner of the door , near the '' blow '' hinge , 2 7 % open appear . we hear whispering . and '' one by one 2 out . int , atr and space museum ~ continuous 93 Amelia look over at Larry , from the window . amelia he 's send everyone over here ... larry good ... now ... nlook around ) able -~ Space monkey -- where be you ? amelia ( catch on ) so now that he 's over there 1 we can go over there and have ourselves a fair fight . very clever , Mr. daley . larry thank you . able ! here , monkey ! amelia except for one small detail . he look at she . amelia ( cont 'd ) how do we get over there ? 95 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 96 . int . basement - continuous 94 capone 's gang charge through , cock tommy - gun . Russian and french Soldiers fall in with they . they arrive at the elevator , all crowd in ... int , elevator ~ continuous $ 5 ba the door close , capone 's gang and the Russian and french soldier stand , cramme , patiently . musak play . int . AIR and space museum - continuous 396 as Larry keep search for able ... larry twas think we would drive over a the Moon Rover . amelia that 's a terrible idea . assume it even start , he will see you come a mile away . iva get a better idea . larry ( head towards it ) no , I think the Rover 's pretty much the way to go . amelia ( follow he ) mc. daley , why be you avoid the obvious ? larry I do not know what you be talk about . where be that monkey ? amelia ( behind he , stop walk ) be you afraid to fly , Mr. daley ? larry no. I be just afraid to fly ... with you . look , we have to get go -- amelia I ? I be one of the most famous pilot in the history of aviation . larry yeah . famous for get lose . ( continued ) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 37 . 96 continued * 96 that knock the wind out of she . v ) larry ( cont 'd t be sorry , but it 's true . now we really have to -- he turn to 9° , she follow after he . amelia Mr. daley , I assure you that I have never peen lose a day in my life . I may not have always be on course . i I may not have always want to be find . but I be always where I belong . in that cockpit , with blue sky all around . do what I love . it seem to I , Mr. daley , if anyone here 's get '' lose , '' it 's you . he stop walk . we hear the ding of a arriving elevatcr and they both look over as , -. z the Soldiers and capone 's gang soil out inte the museum ... '' 37 on larry 37 y as the monkey jump up onto he shoulder . larry there you be -- listen - ~ ( whisper in he ear , then ) think you can do that ? the monkey neds and Larry hand he the schlage card . larry ( cont 'd ) godspeed , Space monkey . the monkey squawk and take off into the museum . 98 another angle $ 8 the bad guy spot Larry and Amelia across the hall . capone 's gang start fire they tommy - gun at they , Albert and the pilot in the museum all duck for cover . -- amelia come on ! Larry and Amelia race away from the oncoming soldier , start run up the escalator for the second floor ... '' ) ( continued ) 98 39 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 drait 98 . continued : 98 the bad guy all take off after they . a moment later ... able appear at the elevator . he run Larry 's schlage card in its security terminal . he push a few button : the Elevator 's security screen read : elevator locked . int . top floor - AIR and space museum - continucus 33 Amelia and Larry run onto the top floor , capene 's gang end the french and Russian Soldiers close behind . Amelia look up at something . amelta it will have to do . parry look where she 's look : the 1903 wright Flyer . ' larry no no no no no ... that 's like the first plane ever make ! amelia ( climb over <he | railing a plane 's a plane , Mr. daley -- | amelia climb aboard and start the engine , the prop start spin . -++ amelia ( cont 'd ) well ? be you come or not ? Larry look across to where the bad guy now try to dismount the up escalator , not use to the move step , while other try go up the down escalator , pile into a heap at the top . Larry make a choice , climb over the railing and carefully walk across the wing of the wright flyer ... the plane be only mean for one person . Larry have to wriggle in next to Amelia . both lie on they stomach . the plane 's tiny engine revs , the propeller spin -- and the plane start to pull against its cable . the plane pick up speed , Larry hang on to Amelia for dear life . the cable snap . they zoom down the hall , towards a giant window . not wright Brothers dive out of the way . wilbur wright a woman can not fly a plane ! ( continued ) 99 v ) v ) '' ) 100 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 99 . continued = 99 amelia think again , fella ! they fly through the Museum -- and it 's no easy feat : the plane dip and swerve to avoid hit the plane and space capsule nang in the air . tarry open he eye to see - they be head straight for the steed and glass wall of the museum . Larry call down : larry able ! the door ! able look up and salute . he run through the museum , and make a fly long jumper leap at the wall -- he hit a bright red button with he hand . slowly , a large cargo door {for load plane into the museum ) begin to slide open . but it 's slow - and the hangar door only open up the bottom half of the wall . harry and Amelia be nead for the top half of the half that 's not open at all . able signal they , with crange tarmac torch - wave he arm , and point down - '' you be toc high ! '' the 1903 wright Flyer be head towards the wall ... amelia look like danger find you after all , Mr. daley . fasten you seatbelt ! larry there be not one ! she dive - straight towards the floor - a nose-dive . at the last possible second , she pull up - narrowly miss able who hold two flare over he head in a Christ - like victory gesture . the plane make it out the door ... ext , AIR and space museum ~ continuous 100 no one be around to see the most incredible thing ever : the wright Flyer soar out of the Museum , across the National mall , pilote by Amelia earhart . a moment later , able close the door . the bad guy run up , just as they close . they look down as the monkey now rip the red button out of the wall , flip they off and run . they be trap . 102 natm : ; escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 drait 100 . ext . the wright flyer - in the sky - night 101 the plane sail though the sky . Larry hold on , can not believe he 's fly . it 's actually kind of ... peaceful . larry hey , Amelia ? I do not know much about airplane or fly , but that maneuver you pull back there ? well , it be just about the coolest thing I have ever see anyone do , amelia ( smile to herself ) hush , mc. daley . just enjoy the view . the plane soar over the capital ... int . smithsonian ~ castle common ~ continuous 102 kahmunrah pace , impatiently . jed taunt , from he hourslass : jedediay you look nervous common-law . givin 's up yet ? kahmunrah turn to he , with a evil glare . uh oh . kahmunrah 's evil face be as large as a billboard , and he hold up the hourglass , leer at jed . he tilt the hourglass upright : jed be be drown by sand . kahmunrah laugh , as he pound on the bottom of the hourglass , like a ketchup bottle , to make the sand come down faster . kahmunrae let 's see if we can not make time fly -- when -- the giant stain - glass window above he crash in . kahmunrah dive for safety , the wright Flyer fly inch over he head . he lie terrify , cover with glass . the plane land , and keep slide , through the gallery ... amelia that dim - witted wright brother -- where be the brake !?! as it bump and slide across the floor , Larry fall off , and roll to a stop . the wright Flyer keep go . it smashes through the door at the other end of the commons . it slide out of sight , with a tremendous crash . ( continued ) v) fe ) v ) 102 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 101 . continued = 102 larry Amelia ! he start to run after she -- kahmunrah stop where you be ! kahmunreah lift the hourglass above he head , ready to smash jed on the floor ~- Larry freeze . kahmunrah ( cont ’d ) enough chitchat . the tablet and the code - — or the little cowboy be history . though I suppose technically he 's already history , or he would not be in a museum . jedediah cow poke . I be a experience cow poke . I have not be a cow '' boy '' in year , can not you see how that infantilize mee larry give I jed . kahmunrah right after you give I the tablet and the code . jedediar do not give it to he , Larry ! I be not worth it ! Larry hesitates , put know he have no choice . jed 's life depend on it . kahmunrah and Larry step forward -- they hold out the Tablet , and the hourglass . they both try to fake each other out once . then again . then they make the exchange . kahmunrah step up to the Gate . he fit the Tablet into the alot in the wall . it fit perfectly . kahmunrah see Larry , they do not call I kahmunrah the trustworthy for nothing . larry they do not . they call you kahmunrah ' who drink the blood of he foe and Friends alike . 's kahmunrah : true . it look better on my stationary . now the combination . if you will . {continued ) 102 102 . escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 102 natm ? continued : ( 2 ) Larry look at jed . jed shake he head . Larry face a impossible choice . but then -- al capone ( 0.5 . ) it 's pi . they turn . capone , Ivan , napoleon , and all of they Soldiers be there . capone be hold Einstein in he hand . al capone ( cont 'd ) 3.14159265 . crazy hair here sing like @ canary . he get the elevator open for we too . do not ya -- pigeon ? he toss Einstein onto the floor . Einstein rolis a few foot , then look up at Larry . albert binstein I be sorry , Larry . but in the timeless struggle between brain and brawn , I be afraid in the end , brawn always win . kambmunrah that be so sad . and true . kahmunrah shake he head , sympathetically . he then type on the tablet 's key : 3.14159265 . as he type , he say ... kamhmunrah ( cont ’d ) must be a real bummer , Larry , to know that all you valiant effort , all you noble intention , be , in the end , for naught . what a terrible disappointment you must be to yourself . the Tablet starte to glow . Larry speak softly to jed ... larry I be sorry , jed . I guess you call the wrong guy . kahmunrah put he hand on the Gate , which be now glowing brightly . jedediah look at Larry . jedediah what be you talk about ? larry you call I for help and I blow it . you should have call someone else . kabmuhrah close he eye , and say a incantation : ( continued ) b with ) '' ) 102 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 103 . continued '' ( 3 ) 102 kahmunrah Mak , keter om . om neter kah . jedediah ( to Larry ) do not you get it , gigantor ? 1 do not call you because we need you . I mean , sure , we be in a pickle , but would not be the first time we have to wrassle we way cut of a root sack . no , partner , I call you because you need we . that fancy suit you be paradin’ ' round in this past couple year ? that there 's a hangin’ suit . all gussie up , but dead inside . that be not you . Larry look at he , touch , when a crack of thunder 's shake the Museum ... everyone jump . fach of the nine piece on the Tablet begin to spin , they stop sequentially , like 2 slot mac to be in a trance -- a blind plash from the Tablet fill the whole room , the door in the Gate open with a horrifying groan . from the ide , j still ius t , andin ut as 2 stone slide apart : ingide be a darkness stretch on and on . strange ghostly horn sound from the nether World . kahmunrah welcome to the new extend reign of kahmunrah . fifth king of Egypt , and now : the world . cut of the glow , smoky doorway , hawk - head horus soldier march in . they be real scary : they body be human , but they head move and twitch like hawk . all be in golden egyptian armor . one let out a terrifying squaaawk . jedediah um ... I have like to wake up now please . Larry back off as horus march towards he , kahmunrah horus . rah . my warrior -- send Larry daley and he friend to they doom . the horus raise they spear , and march forward ... until Larry be in a ring of spear , inch from he face . a horus let out a terrifying squawk . kahmunrah signal , and they all rear back to strike . suddenly ... ( continued ) | 102 103 nwanm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 104 . continued : ( 4 ) 102 voice ( 0.s . ) hold ! another angle : '' 193 everyone turn : across the room , a tiny figure appear in , the door : it 's octavius : wet , tatter , and riding the squirrel like a stallion . he eries out , dramatically : octavius the mighty octavius have return ! do you wish to surrender honorably , kahmunrah ~- or must this end with the spilling of you blood ?! jedediah oh , you be ina world - a- hurt now , kahmunrah , kahmunrah squint to see he . he laugh . this ? taig be you big rescue ? a little gladiator on a squirrel ? he pick up octavius off of the squirrel by the scruff of the neck and hold he up , laugh . kabmunrah okay , that 's too funny . though I have to say , you little people be actually kind of cute . Larry look to octavius -- who give Larry a salute . octavius you be safe now , lawrence . rescue be at hand . kahmunrah oh , what a hoot . I shall miss you -- even aiter I have .. ( get a idea : ) ... eat you ... I do not want to , it 's not like I think you will taste good , it 's just such a nefarious way to dispose of you , I can not resist . xahmunrah lower octavius into he mouth , like a frat boy eat a gold fish . ( continued ) v) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 105 . continued = 103 octavius : last chance , pharaoh . you have be i warn . kahmunray i farewell mouse -man . I only wish I have tsatsiki sauce to dip you in . octavius i very well ! ( he raise he sword ) chaaar - i gulp . octavius be go . Larry shake he head . jed glare at kahmunrah with vengeance in he eye . jededia ' you just eat my friend , kahmasabe . I swear , as sure as we be stand here , I will see you dead before dawn . kahmunrah oh , rearwwie ? i ( with he mouth Zull ) i now whew wherw we ? a yes . kiwl they awl . . ! but before the horus even move , we hear the SOUND of glass breaking . they look up , as the remain glass in the stain - glass window be smashed in : stand majestically in the shattered window be ... giant , marble , abe lincoln . the horus freeze in they track , they beak hang open . kahmunrah cough up octavius in shock . octavius land on the : floor , wet . he wipe himself off . ' octavius great caesar 's ghost , this day have be wringht with indignity . ( bow to Larry ) I bring help , as be my charge . kahmunrah look up , fear in he eye . kahmunrah , what be that ... thing ?! ' larry : that -- be abraham lincoln , 14th i President of the United States . i abraham lincoln 16th . ( nod to Larry : ) Larry . ( continued } 103 104 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 106 . continued : ( 2 ) 103 larry Mr. President . kahmunrah look around at he stunne horus . kabmunrah what be you wait for ? attack ! the horus rush giant lincoln . they throw spear -- which harmlessly clink off of lincoln 's marble chest . lincoln bend down , grab some horus , and easily toss they aside . abraham lincoln disgusting half -pigeon ! the horus all freeze , terrify now . suddenly , they turn tail and haul ass back through the gate where they come from , slamm the gate shut behind they . all go quiet . kahmunrah stand there a moment , can not believe what a disappointment hi '' undead '' army turn out to be . kamemunrak well , that 's ... just ..- fabulous . xahmunran start throw a tantrum , kick at he pile of loot . Larry seize the opportunity , move to the door , pull out the tablet . kahmunrah see this . kahmunrah stop he ! without the tablet , we have nothing ! napoleon , capene , and Ivan all shout order to they soldier who now head for Larry ... who step back ... larry okay , guy , let 's think about this ... ..: when suddenly we hear a bugle sounding '' charge . '' everyone turn and look far down the long hall to where ... another angle : 104 .. ammelia earhart stand side by side with the entire NY gang from the storage crate as well as many from the smithsonian : Black & white WWII sailor , the thinker , venus , the cherub ... all ready to do battle . abraham lincoln well , my work here be do . ( continued ) of '' v ) '' ) natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 107 . continued : 104 larry what ? you be leave now ?! abraham lincoln you diminutive Roman friend bring I here to even thing up . I believe that now to be the case . it 's @ fair fight now , Larry . and I have always be nothing if not fair . Fair abe , that 's what they call . I . larry no ... they call you honest abe . I mean , what kind of name be '' Fair abe ? '' that do not even sound good ! abraham lincoln ( move away ) '' br house divide , Larry . " remember : a house divide . larry oxay -- I tell you the first time , chat mean nothing to I ! that 's like completely unhelpful advice ! but abe 's go now . General custer , on horseback now gallop furiously towards the conmon , ery out : custer General George armstrong custer to the -- smack . he hit the top of the door frame , and be knock off he horse . he sit up ... custer ( cont 'd ) as I be say ~- ( yell ) chaaaaaaaarge ! and now the battle begin as the two '' army '' race towards each other . with Larry catch in the middle . octavious lawrence ! I be come ! larry no ! I will be fine ! you get jed ! octavius ride up to the hourglass , on he squirrel . jed be almost bury over he head . they press they hand to each other 's through the glass , like '' the boy in the bubble . '' ( continued ) 104 narm ; escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 108 . continued : ( 2 ) 164 octavius hold on ! he ram the glass with he shoulder , hard . it hurt . jedediah . . believe it or not , I try that aiready . octavius whistle to the squirrel , the squirrel knock the hourglass over . it hop onto the hourglass , on its side , and run on it ( like a hamster in a wheel . ) it roll the hourglass across the floor - where it shatter against a wall . jed get up , a dust himself off . they turn - to the battle of giant around they : octavius draw he sword , hand it to jed , be throw another from one of he legion . octavius tonight -- we dine in hell ! to a tracking shot straight out of 300 - jed and octavius charge through the pattlefield , leaping , stabbing , slice heroically -- at the ankle of the soldier . Evan little tle Einstein get into the act , bite into someone 's shin ... a wider shot show the Soldiers be stick in the ankle and grab they toe in pain . soldier oh ! ouch ! Sacre bleu ! attila , he hun , and the club-wield neanderthals run , scream , straight at a bunch of capone 's henchmen , who before they know what 's happen lese they tommy gun to club , axe and spear ... Larry grab Amelia , they race through the battle line , into a alcove where they huddle close together ... larry I need to give you something -- amelia Mr. daley , this be hardly the time for a amorous interlude -- larry what -- no ! the tablet -- ( reach .into the knapsack ) I need to give you the tablet . ( continued ) a '' with ) with ) 104 105 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 109 . continued : ( 3 ) 104 amelia ( take it ) oh - larry if anything happen to I , you need to keep it safe . she look back at he , finally nod , pull it to she chest . amelia T all guard it as if my life depend on it . tarry consider point out that she life do depend on it , but instead just say -- larry great , thanks . 3 e , ajawea end '' than a elf in Lord of the ri the thinker be surround by napoleon 's Soldiers , they sword draw . the thinker take a deep breath ... the thinker only one way to settle this . ( dead serious ) and I be not sure what that way be ... venus I will do the think for both of we . she drop the sheet that 's cover she : we only see the Soldiers 's reaction , as they stare ... and the thinker knock they all out at once , with a stone fist , pulis venus into a major kiss . another angle : 105 Larry watch Amelia move off down the hall , be about to xejoin the fight when he turn and come face to face with Al capone , napoleon , and Ivan the terrible . napoleon 's sword be right at Larry 's neck . napoleon Le Tablet , s'il vous plait . ( Larry just look at he , napoleon roll he eye ) the tablet , please . you know , the gold thingie in you little -- ( more ) ( continued ) ' | I 105 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 110 . continued : : napoleon ( cont 'd ) ( indicate the knapsack ) -- back purse . Larry look at the three villain , realize that they still think he have the tablet . he look off , see lincoln walk away , across the mall , swatting pigeon as he go . Larry get a idea , turn to the three rogues in front of he ... larry okay . I give up . you guy win , so just tell I who 's in charge and I will hand over the tablet . or should I just give to kahmunrah -- you know , you master . ee ch the rogues all look at each other . ivan the terrible nyeti he ig not we master ! larry a what you say . look like h ( this rankle the rogues ) so , I 'il just give it the boss of you three . who would that be ? which one of you be the boss ? ( they eye each cther ) with who 's in charge here ? they all three reach out to take it but Ivan slap Al 's hand away - ivan the terrible this man be a peasant ! I be the only one among we of noble blood } larry yeah , but napoleon do have more medal . Larry turn to napoleon , but capone slap napoleon 's hand away . al capone you may get medal , but if you put yer mitt on that tablet yer gonna be full of lead . larry you know what ? capone 's right . he should be the boss . I mean , you be the original original gangster , right Al ? ( continued ) ) v ) € ) 105 11/04/07 draft ill . natm : escape from the smithsonian 105 continued : ( 2 ) al capone yeah , now give it here -- '' 2 capone reach for the knapsack , napoleon slap he hand . then vice versa . they stand there glaze at each other a moment , then suddenly lunge at each other . soon , all . three be pile on top of each other , in pathetic , awkward slap / grapple fight . it look 1 School kid fight . a ike grade Larry staxt back away , right into a spear . he turn to face kahmunrah , hold onto it . kamhmunrah very clever . get they to fight amongst themselves -- larry n little move I like to call '' divide the House . '' kahmunrah yeg , well , you should nve gave yours when you have the chance . directly behind kahmunrah , Amelia have retuxn , move to the gate , finger to she lip , motion Larry to keep quiet ... kahmunrah ( cont ’d ) at least I will have the pleasure of kill you , night Guard . suddenly another sword enter frame , the point dig into kamhmunrah 's neck . we widen to reveal : ahkmenran hold the sword at he brother 's throat . ahkmenrah no . I do not think so , brother . not tonight , you will not . actually , probably not ever , really . rahmunrah drop he sword . behind he , Amelia replace the tablet in its slot , start work the combination . kahmunrah alright . very funny . everyone 's have they moment . they little aria . so here 's the part where I effer you Larry -- ( very serious ) anything you want . power . money . woman , come on , tell I , what 's you pleasure ? ( continued ) 105 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 112. continued : ( 3 ) 105 Larry look back around at he friend , then look back at kahmunrah - larry actually , I be good . ( then ) ahkmenrah , why do not you show you brother the door . behind kahmunrah , Amelia finish push the combination . the door xe-open . ahkmenrah with pleasure . ahkmenrah slam he foot into he brother 's gut , send he reeling back through the gate Amelia have just reopen ... kamhmunrah nococcoco ! go forever . Larry pulla Tablet out of its slot . the only sound we hear be capone , napoleon and Ivan the rarrible still fight with each other as custer now ride up and lass the three of they , cinch it tight , tie it off to he saddle horn and survey the battlefield ... custer the Battle of the smithsonian . perhaps the great battle the world will never know . and with that , he take out he brush and start run it through he hair , count each stroke ... custer ( cont ’d ) one. two. Three ... Larry look at he watch . 4:55 a.m , larry ch man -- sunrise be in a hour . I gotta get you all back to the Museum . jedediah but they do not want we there anymore , gigantor . larry well , I do. ( turn to Amelia ) ( more ) ( continued ) ww ) ) v ) 105 109 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 113 . continued : ( 4 ) 105 larry ( cont 'd ) miss earhart , think you could hook we up with a ride ? and as she smile back at he , we 'then go to ... ext , WASHINGTON mall - night 106 as the lockheed vega take off from the mall , the smithsonian resident all wave good - bye as it soar over the Washington monument - oo '' int . lincoln memorial - continuous 1 as the vega sail into the sky , lincoln lean against the column in he docrway , give they a know nod , and then settles back into he chair to watch the sun rise . int , amelia nos plane - a little later 108 able and dexter be asleep in the copil with each other . Larry poke he head seat , spoon up behind Amelia . amelia everyone all right back there , Mr. daley ? larr 's yeah , all good . I just want to see what it look like from up here . kr amelia what do you think ? larry ( look out ) I think you be about to land in chio . amelia ( check , then ) right -- she pull up , turn the plane around , look back and wink at Larry . ext , central park west - continuous 109 as the lockheed vega touch down in front of the Museum of Natural History . the hatch pop open , Larry help everyone out of the plane . larry okay , everybody out , remember to stay with you buddy . ( more ) ( continued ) | I | | | '' | 4 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 114 . continued * 109 larry ( cont 'd ) ( to ahkmenrah and sacajewea ) ack , sack , get everybody down to the basement . 110 ext , museum of natural history ~ continuous as the exhibit head up the step , Amelia step up beside Larry : : amelia I guess I shculd be go . larry yeah , wow , you have only get like thirty minute to get back . amel ( smile ) excellent . that oughta set 2 new record . larry listen , Amelia , eor - .> . the ride . amelia be not just for you , Mr. dalay . larry it be not ? amelia certainly not . ( kiss he on the cheek , whisper ) it be for the fun it . and with that , she fling she scarf over she shoulder , get back into she airplane , pull the door close , larry Goodbye , Amelia . Amelia give a thumb up from the cockpit , start up the engine and taxi down Central Park West . he watch as the plane take off into the sky . jed and octavius each poke out of he jacket pocket . jedediah there she go ... larry yep . ' traight towards ... ( continued } v) v ) '' ) 110 11/04/07 draft 115 . natm : escape from the smithsonian E continued : 110 ; I octavius .. Canada . a moment later , the plane loop and head South . | int . museum of natural history - continuous vii | Larry enter the quiet lobby . rexy come bound over to he . larry ( petting he ) hey , boy . I be back . now hep up onto you platform , it 's almost morning . rexy trot off to he riser as now teddy cide up . teddy i they be all secure below , lawrence . : i larry i thanks , teddy . | reddy and while i extend to you a hardy well - do , lad , might I point out that they can not hide down there forever . larry I know . I have get that figure out . teddy well , I see the dawn will soon be upon : us. i he ride to he platform , Larry follow ... larry oh -- hey , teddy . last night , you be about to tell I something . : teddy ( riding onto the platform ) be i? larry : yeah , remember -- the whole secret to happiness thing ? you be about to tell ! I what that be . teddy oh ... ( continued ) 111 112 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft continued : larry it 's do what you love , be not it ? with people you love ? right ? teddy ' ( beat ) actually , I be go to say , '' physical exercise . '' but all that stuff 's good , too . 116 . qli teddy raise he sword and nod , e slight twinkle in he eye . teddy ( cont 'd ) ( soft ) welcome home , son . and then he freeze , leave Larry stand there in the quiet expanse of the lobby as sunlight now stream in . int . daley rose ( v.0 . ) I be try not the device warehouse - queen - day as Larry walk with a box of a few belonging through warehouse , she take down a frame copy of Larry 's entrerpenow ! Rose in tow ... larry / do not worry , Rose . everybody still have a job , just new owner . rose well , I will still miss you , Mr. D. ( see something ) wait , do not forget this -- larry you keep it . she nod , consider it sadly ... rose you always look so sharp in that suit . larry it 's okay . ( kiss she on the cheek ) I get another one , fit I even better . cover . W ) v ) b 113 oe natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 117 . ext , museum of natural history - dusk 113 as Larry come out the front door in he guard uniform , adjust he tie , and watch the dun set . we tilt up above he to see a new banner that read '' museum of natural history . '' two workmen unfurl the lower haif so that we see that it also read '' now OPEN late . '' crowd of people now begin stream past he ... int , museum of natural history - later that night 214 Larry move through the jamme lobby to the information desk where Nick sit benind it do nia homework , larry sure you do not wanna do you homework some place more quiet ? nick ar you kid ? he ( indicate he } do you know how to get the squar reek > a fivaction ? rh larry no idea . but I do know that pi be 3.14159265 . nick not really helpful , but thanks anyway , dad . Larry turn as mcphee approach , beam . mcphee well , clearly the way the world work be beyond I . ( look around ) one day we be endow to get rid of everything old , the next , some anonymous donor give even more money , but on the condition that everything stay the same . well . not quite the same . he look around and we now crane up to reveal tour group be LED by '' live '' exhibit . a troop of cubscout ride on rexy 's back , dexter '' drive '' from atop the dinosaur 's heag teddy roosevelt ( 0.8 . ) bully , lad and lady ! {continued ) ie be | I | natm : scape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 118 . 114 continued : 114 a group of amaze family follow the wax teddy rocsevelt , who be , of course : alive and fully interactive . teddy roosevelt ( cont 'd ) let I introduce myself . I -- be Theodore Roosevelt : naturalist , Rough Rider , and 26th president of this great United States . and it would be my absolute pleasure to give you a personal guide tour of the american Museum of Natural bistory . so follcw I to the Hall of African mammal ! watch where you step and what you step in , come lad , the hunt be | afoot ! i ! : . | he wink at Larry , and lead the engross tourist away . hl everyone 's amaze . a dad nudge he daughter . dad how do they do that ? ( roll hsr '' duh ... cgi ? as they head off , sacajawea pass by , lead another tour | group . | | i | attila sit tell a story in hun to a circle of kid , while arkmenrah translate . ahkmenrab ... and though he want to rip he apart : limb from limb , he instead use he word i to express he feeling ... mcphee : {to Larry ) i and what about you , Mr. daley ? what prompt you own humble return ? not cut out for the business world be you ? larry no , actually , I sell my business , do really well . mcphee then why on earth be you work here ? Larry watch jedediah and octavius joy-ride on a chariot -- weaving in and out of people 's leg -- ( continued ) b with ) wt ) 114 115 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 115 . continued : ( 2 ) 414 larry who 's work ? mcphee íhurry off ) you ! toddler ! no hugging the display ! woman 's voice Excuse I , . , Larry turn and freeze . stand in front of he be a woman who bear a uncanny resemblance to Amelia earhart . sure , t hair 's a different color , she wear glass and be absent th flight jacket and scarf -- but something ring familiar . of '' larry can I help you ? woman I be sorry , I think I be lose ... I be lock for the hail of american History , but semehow end up in the butterfly ~ garden . ( nctice he 's stare } why be you look at I lik that ? larry no reason . sorry . C ’mon I will show you the way ... as Larry lead she through the crowded hall teeming with life , we then ... pade to black but wait -- we hear whistling over ... fade back in : int . smithsonian ~ castle - morning 115 brandon , the young security guard who harass Larry , walk along , whistling , cockily twirling he key-re . he turn a corner , enter the commons and immediately stop dead in he track . what he sbes sunlight stream in through the break arched window . the wright Flyer sit upside down but somehow still intact at one end of the commons . the whole place be trash , litter with topple display and other detritus of the battle royale from the night before . ( continued ) | be i 115 natm : escape from the smithsonian 11/04/07 draft 120 . continued ? 115 brandon stand there a moment , take in the incredible scene , try not to cry . brandon well , there be no way brandon be elean this up . brandon slowly walk over to where Amelia 's lockheed vega have erash land . as he come arcund the plane , he see the wax figure of Amelia earhart sit on the wing , face east , towards the sunrise . . and if you look close enough , which we do , you have see the barest hint of a smile on she face . we then ... CUT to black