nine written by Michael tolkin &amp ; Anthony minghella final script November 11 , 2009 int . PRESS conference room - day the flicker of film . footage from a press conference . guido you kill you film several time , mostly by talk about it . a film be a dream . you kill it write it down , you kill it with a camera ; the film might come to life for a moment or two when you actor breathe life back into it - but then it die again , bury in film can . mysteriously , sometimes , in the editing room , a miracle happen when you place one image next to another so that when , finally , a audience sit in the dark , if you be lucky -- very lucky - and sometimes I have be lucky - the dream flicker back to life again . that 's why I be secretive . reporter ( o.s. ) so what 's you favorite pasta ? guido finally , a serious question . laughter . a word : nine int . stage 5 , cinecitta - night a huge soundstage . the studio superintendent let a man into the stage , turn on a work light . supertitle : cinecitta film studio , Rome , 1965 studio superintendent good luck , maestro . depart , he close the soundstage door . as the man cross the shadowy stage , a dim shaft of light catch he face , weary , handsome , haggard . guido contini , the most famous film director in the world . in front of he : a enormous , dusty , multi - level film set under construction . a complex maze of scaffold , its unfinish , chaotic element suggest ancient ruin . crack stone facade , break column , open platform , the skeleton of a grand staircase . a lighting grid , not yet hang , and a camera crane surround by a forest of studio light on stand . P. 2 guido sit at the table , light up a cigarette and put on he glass . he look at the plan , look up at the stage , put he glass down and stand up , step over to the crane . guido , alone , cigarette hang from the corner of he mouth , contemplate the studio , its turbulent set , in every sense a jumble of idea . guido look at the set in despair . he sit in the bucket seat of the crane , bury he head in he hand , overwhelm . the first of nine loud church bell chime guido ( v.o . ) maestro , maestro , maestro contini ... how do you begin ? how do you begin this thing ? page 1 ... page 1 ... page 1 ... page nothing ... in the distance , a figure approach out of the darkness , the darkness of guido 's imagination . a escape from he torture reality . the figure emerge gradually , like a goddess . she be gorgeous , impose , and seductive . she be claudia , he film star , he muse . when Claudia reach guido , she stop in front of he , take he hand from he face , and kiss he . and with that gesture , the music swell , the lighting grid rise majestically into the air , the gritty soundstage transform into something beautiful , transform into the interior world of guido' fantasy . as Claudia move away , more and more woman slowly appear . they emerge from everywhere . this be the woman from guido 's life , past and present . woman from he film , woman he have love , the source of he inspiration and creative genius . a grand overture unfold . the most significant woman in guido 's life be reveal , each with they own powerful entrance : luisa , he wife carla , he mistress lilli , he costume designer and accomplice guido' mamma , she spirit stephanie , a fashion journalist saraghina , a whore P. 3 a dark and glamourous dream . the woman surround guido and he lose himself and he anxiety in they collective embrace . int . stage 5 , cinecitta - day the fantasy end abruptly with a violent grating noise , as the studio 's truck door be yank open , jolting guido who be slump in the crane seat . harsh daylight penetrate the gloom . too bright . he blink , discombobulate , as a group of silhouett figure approach with purpose . one of the figure be a well - feed , amiable character , dante . he be guido 's longtime associate and producer . a young , more ascetic figure accompany he , sharp and birdlike . this be fausto , a accountant . Dante speak quickly and without obvious punctuation : dante ( walk ) guido ! you be here . guido buongiorno , Dante . dante I have be look for you all over the place . the set 's come along . how be you ? guido bene , grazie , be . guido stand to greet he . they kiss on both cheek . dante bene . my God , you look terrible , better go to makeup , forget you have get a press conference ? fausto ( discreetly , to Dante ) he have no tie . dante yes , makeup and wardrobe . he take guido 's arm and they head towards daylight . guido look back at fausto , who follow and with a look and a gesture ask Dante who be he ? fausto ( overlap Dante ) signor contini , I be fausto . good morning , signor contini . P. 4 dante ( interrupt ) he 's count cost , you know . the Bank want he here . ( to fausto ) do not speak to he , I speak to he . fausto okay , I have some question for signor contini . guido we all have question for signor contini . they head outside . ext . cinecitta - day guido , Dante and fausto hurry through the studio en route to the production Offices . behind they be a large poster of claudia , star in guido 's last movie , a failure , LA donna moderna ( the modern woman ) . as guido pass he cause a mild stir , and many people nod deferentially , offer a maestro , or dottore . guido nod . fausto yes , but please , please , I think it 's customary for there to be a approve script and budget before filming commence ... guido be he go to follow we ? fausto it 's not my intention to be difficult . maestro , I be a huge admirer of maestro contini 's movie , you early film be ... everybody love they and ... I consider it a great honour for I to be here now ... none the less , I need a script and a budget . neither Dante nor guido respond . fausto flounder . they make they way to the production Offices . everywhere sign for the movie , italia . int . production office , cinecitta - day a long corridor , bustling with activity . the trio head down it . if a pretty girl go by , and there be several , both guido and Dante turn to look but without miss a beat of they solemn conversation . P. 5 as they progress into and through the open plan office , many of the crew look up and cluster around , try to get guido 's attention , swell the procession , interject with they urgent request . there be set model everywhere , in the process of be construct , or paint . jaconelli , guido 's production designer , look up from a model , hurry over . nobody stop move . as a pretty girl pass between they , they all turn to look . pierpaolo , guido 's young PA , have catch up with the procession . he have dozen of phone message , sorting through they , as he walk alongside guido , through a partition office - pierpaolo where do you want you message ? guido on my desk . pierpaolo there 's no room on you desk . - into the main office - guido under my desk . in the trash . non lo so . pierpaolo ( wave they at he ) some of this be urgent ! guido ( to pierpaolo ) get I a cigarette . jaconelli ( confidentially ) we will never be ready to shoot in ten day . guido jaconelli - fausto ( at the same time ) not ready ?! guido ( continue ) ascolta I . ( more ) P. 6 guido ( cont 'd ) ( he kiss jaconelli on the cheek ) careful what you say . he 's a spy from the bank . guido carry on move through the office . dante he 's not exactly from the bank , guido . now benito , guido 's caste director , move towards guido , guido try to duck away from he as they head towards guido 's office . benito dottore , dottore . you have actor wait for you in you office . audition all morning . you should see what I have find . I find two sister . look , they be right ... guido turn through another partition , as they all besiege he with question . benito despair . benito ( cont 'd ) dottore , this way ... guido head towards wardrobe , go straight through the door , swinging it shut , leave the chaos behind he . Dante block benito . benito ( cont 'd ) maestro ! dante not now . he 's get the Press Conference . int . wardrobe , cinecitta - day guido come through the door , blow hard from the barrage . they're in lilli 's domain here , and a haven , always , for guido . part edith head , part Coco chanel , lilli be guido 's costume designer , no longer young , cranky , indomitable , sharp as a tack . she adore guido without any sentiment . she 's incapable of sentiment . guido head straight towards she desk , where she be cut some fabric . guido I need a cigarette . Dante come in , close the door behind he . P. 7 dante he need a shirt and tie , lilli . guido sit up on lilli 's table , as Dante head to lilli 's desk and pick up the phone to make a call . guido I need a coffee and a cigarette . he lie down . lilli ( unimpress ) answer a question , I will give you a coffee . answer another question , I will give you a cigarette . and so on . guido actually and a aspirin . Dante stand at lilli 's desk and look at some drawing . dante ( in the background , on the phone ) we be run late ... lilli ( turn to guido and light a cigarette ) calm down . directing a movie be a very overrate job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing . maestro - should this be Red ? yes. Green ? no. more extras ? yes . more lipstick ? no. yes , no , yes , no , yes , no - that 's direct . lilli hand guido the light cigarette . guido that 's right : that 's direct . and it do not seem to make a blind bit of difference , finally , what the answer be ... lilli so please , guido , yes or no , do you want any costume in this film ? guido yes . P. 8 lilli you see - simple ! ( hand he a espresso fetch by she assistant , roberta ) might I know what period the movie 's in ? lilli glance at Dante who have edge closer to the table , he look at the costume . guido yes , yes . ( downs the espresso ) soon. lilli glare at Dante , ushere he away . lilli you know I do not allow producer in here . dante alright . two minute guido . lilli be the only person who intimidate Dante . he leave . guido pull out he own tie from he pocket . lilli walk round and take the tie off he . guido sit up . lilli put the tie round he neck . lilli he 's go . have you write a word of the script ? guido no . lilli be you in a panic ? guido yes . she tie guido 's tie for he . lilli be luisa go with you to the Press Conference ? guido no. nobody . Dante . and he spy . lilli you need to shave . you look terrible . P. 9 guido ( look around , desperate ) why be there no fire escape in here ? what if somebody need to escape ? I can not face this reporter . I have nothing to say . lilli you will be fine . you be a world class liar , darling , go out there and lie for Italy , lie for Italia . ext . rome - day guido be drive he roadster through the street of Rome . a italian pop song of the day be play on the radio as he speed around the piazza del poppolo . in front of he in the convoy be Dante with fausto . int . guido be car - day as guido drive , he turn to see he mamma in the passenger seat . he 's not remotely surprised . she appear the way he remember she . mamma be extraordinary . guido what the hell 's wrong with I ? I can not sleep . I can not think . I can not write . I can not breathe . my heart be racing . be I die , mamma ? I owe you flower , I know . I will come to the cemetery at the weekend . you should have let I bury you in roma , mamma , I could visit you every week . do not look at I like that . mamma ( with kindly patience ) oh , guido , guido . he stop at a busy intersection . ext . street of rome / int . guido be car - day this be the Rome of La dolce vita , the Rome of vespas , skinny tie , cool sunglass , impossibly cool young people . a magnificent fall day , and the cafe be stuff with the beautiful and chic . P. 10 mamma this be you Rome , guido . the world see Rome the way you invent it . you film do that . guido ( buoy by she encouragement ) I miss you . mamma I miss you , too . guido be in he own world . the policeman rap on the bonnet of the car . guido startles and pull off , alone in the car . guido look across as he drive . mamma have go . ext . HOTEL excelsior , via veneto - day the convoy come to a quick stop in front of the Hotel excelsior on the via veneto . as soon as guido get out of the car , the wait paparazzi snap he picture . beautiful woman look at he . guido move quickly by they . Dante and the team hurry after he . fausto tackle Dante . and they hurry after guido . int . presidential suite - day a big suite . about fifty reporter , man and woman , be in the room , and a array of microphone be on a coffee table next to a long couch . excite chaos . a radio reporter narrate in the background . radio reporter and we be just wait for the arrival of contini ... any moment now - could this film put the maestro back on top ? a few news camera be filming . there 's a buffet , and a bartender . and guido come into the room , shaking hand , patting shoulder , grab a glass of champagne . Dante and the team follow he in . radio reporter ( cont 'd ) and here he be ..! P. 11 dante silenzio , per favore ... thank you , thank you ... radio reporter Dante , guido contini 's long time producer , be about to speak ... dante I want to say a few word from my heart . I be humble and thrilled to be able to announce that I be produce guido contini 's next film , Italia , which will star once again contini 's longtime inspiration , the international film star , Claudia jenssen ... a stun film poster be reveal -- Claudia jenssen emerge from the colosseum : claudia jenssen . UN film DI guido contini . italia . flashes . excitement . dante ( cont 'd ) ...we start shoot in ten day time in cinecitta . that make it one week from Monday . ( to guido , hand over ) thank you , maestro , thank you very much . this be we ninth film together . guido contini . guido thanks for come , everybody . pretend to leave , he head towards the exit and kiss Dante on the cheek . he return to the couch . all the reporter fire they question at once . the question come on top of each other , and guido cover he despair with a inflate energy . he take he sunglass off and signal to dinardo , a harsh - look woman . dinardo maestro contini . maestro contini . guido yes . dinardo grazie . maestro contini , you new film be call Italia ... big title . another journalist , leopardi , vile - sit next to she , egging dinardo on - almost snigger with contempt . P. 12 guido actually , it 's my shortest title yet . dinardo but hardly a modest one . guido film be not modest . they cost too much , they take too long , and they involve too many people . so they should have grand title . dinardo and might you tell the press what the film be about ? guido why ? I still do not know what my last film be about . leopardi ( in a loud aside to dinardo ) that be the problem . nobody else do . guido of course I can tell you what my film be about ... I can tell you the story , I can tell you who I be go to cast , the music I want to use , I can tell you everything ... but ... I ... will not . I be afraid that if I say anything , the word might get out to the Press . General laughter in the room . he win a round , but be clearly feel the strain ... Dante recognize , step in . dante we next film will be exactly as it sound . Italia . it 's the very spirit of Italy - Italy as myth , Italy as a woman , Italy as a dream . leopardi be this true ? guido it sound fantastic . I can not wait to see it . he 's still win . ignoring the question , he point to stephanie , a gorgeous fashion reporter he recognize from american vogue . flirtatious and charming , she want he and he sense it . P. 13 stephanie signor contini . guido Stephanie . stephanie grazie . could you tell the fashionable woman of America who you favorite designer be this year ? guido I be less interested in the wrapping than what might be inside it . reporter one signor contini ! you be a man of the world , yes ? educate in Britain , a home in biarritz . with Italia be it fair to say that you have come home for good ? reporter two ( o.s. ) ( try to interrupt ) what do you think of the New Wave in the french cinema ? guido for good ? reporter four it 's be a long time since you make a movie with you wife , do you plan on casting she in this new film ? guido be spin plate . guido I tell luisa that when we get marry I would never again make love to my lead lady . reporter four but she have not work at all since work with you . laughter . everyone start fire question at guido again . another reporter ask a question . reporter five but why be you be so tight - lipped about this film ? it 's a serious question . what 's the big deal ? P. 14 fantasy : int . " soundstage " we discover guido , alone on the soundstage of he unfinish set . a retreat into surreality . he sit on the same couch from the hotel suite . he slouches , arm fold , leg cross , with he hat pull over he eye . guido I would like to be here . int . presidential suite . day guido you want I to be serious ? in a Press Conference ? int . " soundstage " guido I would like to be there int . presidential suite . day guido I think I be the clown in this circus . int . " soundstage " guido I would like to be everywhere at once I know that's a contradiction in term . int . presidential suite . day leopardi signor contini . artist do they best work before they be famous . now you be famous . without wishing to be negative - but you last two film , they be not , they be ... guido flop . leopardi you word . flop . P. 15 int . " soundstage " guido and it be a problem , especially when my body' nearing fifty as my mind be nearing ten . int . presidential suite . day leopardi I be just ask if you be nervous ? you seem nervous ... this stop guido . he do not answer . we see a bead of sweat run down the back of guido 's neck . everyone wait . guido Excuse I ? leopardi what I be ask , maestro , be have you run out of thing to say ? int . " soundstage " as the number progress , guido get up from he chair and begin to scale the enormous height of he unfinish set , with great effort . guido I can hardly stay up and I can't get to sleep , and I don't want to wake tomorrow morning , at the bottom of some heap but why take it so seriously ? after all , there's nothing at stake here - only I I want to be young . and I want to be old . I would like to be wise before my time and yet be foolish and brash and bold . I would like the universe to get down on its knee and say , " guido , whatever you please , it's okay even if it's impossible , we'll arrange it . " that's all that I want . P. 16 int . presidential suite - day stephanie I be wonder if you think there 's a limit to what you can show in a movie . guido what would you like to see that I have not already show you ? she smile , he smile back , lighting he cigarette . int . " soundstage " guido I am lusting for more , should I settle for less ? I ask you , what be a good thing for if not for taking it to excess ? one limitation I dearly regret : there's only one of I i've ever met . int . presidential suite - day guido turn to the mantle . he grab a bottle of whiskey , look up into the large gild mirror at he reflection . we see two guidos . guido ( v.o . ) I would like to have another I to TRAVEL along with myself . I would even like to be able to sing a duet with myself . int . " soundstage " guido I would like to be here ( sing along with myself in a song ) to be there ( walking down a lane now ) , everywhere ( everywhere ) everywhere , that's a contradiction in term I want to be here ( with a counter - ) here ( melody in the ) here ( top of the morning to you guido ) guido ( guido ) guido ( guido ) guido . I ( I ) I ! I want to be proust ... P. 17 int . presidential suite / int . excelsior HOTEL - day amidst the chaos , guido notice a waiter with a tray of glass enter the suite through a hide door in the wall . as the waiter pass , guido slyly open the door and sneak out . guido ( v.o . ) ... or the marquis do sade . I would like to be christ , mohammed , buddha but not have to believe in GOD . and you know I mean it with all of my heart - it's the end if something important doesn't start ... int . " soundstage " guido continue climb higher and higher . guido ... I want to be young , but I have to be old . what I want be a tale of SOUND and FURY that some idiot went and told . I would like the universe to get down on its knee and say , " guido , whatever you please , it's okay even if it's ridiculous , we'll arrange it ... " int . excelsior HOTEL - day guido slip through the hallway , down the grand lobby staircase , and escape . int . " soundstage " guido so arrange it ! as guido reach the pinnacle of he everest - like set , guido 's women appear on the different level . women arrange it ! guido that's all that I want ! P. 18 ext . rome - day guido speed away from Rome in he roadster . ext . rome road - day guido 's car pass by the remnant of a ancient aqueduct , with woman from he fantasy drape around he , spilling out of he car . the women sing a musical flourish of praise to guido . women ( v.o . ) contini , contini , contini , contini ... ext . country road - afternoon now guido and he woman be in the countryside . women ( v.o . ) contini , contini , contini , contini ... the car race over a hill , blur the countryside , and we see the blue Mediterranean sea , and the pretty spa town of anzio . ext . HOTEL bellavista - day women ( v.o . ) guido ! the Alfa spyder come to a screeching stop in front of the gate of the entrance of a impressive look spa : grand HOTEL bellavista . the hotel have a slightly fade glamour , something that lift it a little out of time . guido 's woman be go as the song end . supertitle : bellavista spa Hotel , anzio , Italy int . lobby , HOTEL bellavista - day guido enter like a thief . he do not want to be recognise . he approach the Front desk , where a immaculate desk clerk , the urbane and wise do rossi , wait to greet he . guido I need a room . do rossi of course . P. 19 guido a suite . do rossi yes . guido with a view of the sea . a balcony . something with air . do rossi all of we suite have air ... let I just look for you . guido I have come from milano . do rossi I understand . guido on business . I be a businessman . busy busy busy . do rossi ( without look up ) would maestro contini prefer to register under a pseudonym ? guido ( doleful ) please . do rossi ( suggest a name ) signor milano ? guido why not . do rossi ( continue to work ) needless to say , I love you film . guilty pleasure . that early film . guido not the flop . ( anxious , confidential ) I need to see a doctor . do you know one who 's discreet ...? I would like to see he today , in my room , now , if possible . do rossi consider it do . please . P. 20 guido ( take the key ) and I need to place a call . to my wife . guido write the number on a piece of paper on the desk . do rossi you can take the call at the lobby phone over there . int . telephone kiosk , HOTEL bellavista - day guido head into the elegant Art Deco booth , pull the glass door shut . the phone ring . he pick up . int . contini home , rome / telephone booth - day we intercut between the phone booth and luisa in they apartment in Rome ... luisa know every move of guido 's . she manage he very well , calm , dry and funny . guido luisa , tesoro ... luisa there you be . guido be everybody mad at I ? luisa well , I be mad at you . where be you ? guido I have to escape from the Press Conference . luisa I hear . Dramatic . guido do not tease I . I be sick , luisa . luisa you be make a film . you make a film , you get sick . it 's what happen . guido no , but this time I be really sick . I can not breathe . P. 21 luisa be you by yourself ? guido yes , of course I be by myself . luisa then shall I come ? guido yes , please come , that 's why I be call , please come straight away . that would be wonderful . luisa okay . guido great . marvellous . luisa I do not know where you be . guido I do not know , some spa . horrible . I just keep drive . luisa well I can not come if I do not know where you be . guido ( suddenly claustrophobic ) and , actually , it 's hardly worth it . I will be home in a day or two . luisa ( all too familiar ) yes , it 's hardly worth it . guido but I do wish you be here . luisa get some rest , take the water , sleep , then come back here and make a good movie . guido I love you . luisa get better . P. 22 int . lobby , HOTEL bellavista - day he hang up , pensive . go straight back to De Rossi at the Front desk , and scribbles down another number . do rossi you doctor be on he way . guido ( carefully ) this number - if a woman answer you put it through to my room , otherwise ... De Rossi understand . do rossi it 's a wrong number . int . guido' suite - day ... close - up on guido 's eye , be hold open by a doctor . guido be on the bed , shirt open . the Doctor examine guido 's eye while a heavy - set nurse take he blood pressure . the Doctor stand and turn to he case . guido what ? nurse dottore . doctor rondi si? he walk round to she . the nurse whisper to the Doctor . they look at the blood pressure gauge . guido be disturb by they conspiracy . guido what be she whisper ? be it my blood pressure ? be it serious ? be I die ? doctor ( to the nurse , not answer guido ) check again . the doctor , interrupt he , take a tongue depressor from he kit . the doctor , sit on the bed beside guido , and take he cigarette out of he mouth . he stub it out . P. 23 doctor ( cont 'd ) stress . exhaustion . the phone ring . the doctor be in the way of the phone . guido desperately make a attempt to reach it and can not . he 's trap by the doctor and by the nurse hold he arm . doctor ( cont 'd ) you liver , you heart , you kidney , they be all very cross with you , signore . int . " soundstage " / int . guido' suite - day we CUT to a pair of full beautiful lip singing he name . carla guido ... doctor open wide . guido open wide , gag , as the phone continue ringing . guido look at the ringing phone , but the nurse have he arm in she grip as she take he blood pressure for the second time . and the phone continue ringing . doctor ( cont 'd ) but you have come to the right place . there be a dozen mineral spring around the town ... int . " soundstage " / int . guido' suite - day now we CUT to a suggestive look from a heavily made up eye . carla guido ... doctor ... the Roman emperor come here for the water ... guido lunge for the ringing phone , with the blood pressure cuff still on he arm , and pick it up . it be carla , at the perfect wrong time . guido ( into the phone ) pronto . P. 24 do rossi ( v.o . ) signor contini , it 's the signora . int . " soundstage " / int . guido' suite - day we see isolated image of a seductive body : a long leg in sheer black stocking , a shapely ass , magnificent breast . carla I be lazing around my bedroom when you call and a idea occurred to I I thought you might be wondering about , guido ... guido ( come back quickly to life ) it 's a very a important call , Doctor . I be sorry , I have to take it . private call . doctor as you wish . fantasy : int . " soundstage " a enormous swathe of pink satin rake across the scaffold of guido 's unfinish set . emerging from the high point be a pair of long leg slide down the lush fabric . she wear stocking , heel and little else . bath in hot light , carla reveal herself from inside the sumptuous fold of satin . carla who' not wearing any clothes ? i'm not ! my darling , who' afraid to kiss you toe ? i'm not ! you mama dear be blowing into you ear , so you'll get it loud and clear , I need you to squeeze I here ... and here ... and here ... int . guido' suite - day the nurse , still take he blood pressure and listen to he pulse , be concerned about guido 's vital sign . P. 25 nurse Doctor ... his pulse ... it 's racing . doctor ( to guido ) be something wrong ? guido what ? yes , yes . it 's about my film . it 's from the vatican . go ahead , monsignore ! yes , yes , of course , I be listen . int . " soundstage " carla slide from the lush fabric onto a mirrore platform . as she sing , she writhes and undulate in a seductive display of sexuality . this be guido 's ultimate fantasy . carla cootchie , cootchie , cootchie coo . i've got a plan for what i'm gonna do to you , so hot you 're gonna steam , and scream , and vibrate like a string i'm plucking - kiss you fevere little brow pinch you cheek till you say " ow , " and I can hardly wait to show you how , guido . int . guido' suite - day guido try to hide the effect of this phone sex from the Doctor and nurse . int . " soundstage " carla grab onto two satin-cover rope , suspend from the ceiling . she wrap herself in they , swinging and gyrate . carla who won't care if you come to I tire and overworked ? I won 't ! bambino , who know a therapy to beat what you can get from I ? I don 't ! but this will have to be enough for now , guido , ciao . ( more ) P. 26 carla ( cont 'd ) ( speak ) I love you , guido . carla disappear in a cloud of hot steam that become the steam from a arrive train . ext . anzio , train station - day and out of the steam ... carla come walk toward guido , swinging she hip , with a porter behind she , pull five bag on a wagon . carla be dress in she own style , which be not chic , but it 's what guido like , a little too tight , a little flamboyant . she wear it with pride . carla guido ! ciao ! guido ( to himself , remember how much work she be ) carla . ( and now to she , cover he ambivalence ) carla ! carla I be so happy to see you . guido carlissima . she give he a hug and a kiss , both too much for he in public . carla I miss you so much . ( they move off ) be you happy I be here ? guido of course . carla but very happy ? or just a little happy ? guido very happy . she see something in he face that worry she . carla what 's wrong ? you look very tired , very tired . P. 27 guido ( avoid this , look at she bag ) carla , all that bag for the weekend ? carla yes , the bellavista be a very fashionable place . you know I stay there with my parent , during the war , it be full of Germans . guido carla ... I have to tell you ... they find out who I be at the hotel -- carla no ... guido ... yes , horrible , but obviously we do not want to be follow by the press , so I find the most charming pensione for you , and it 's right here . it 's charming . carla here at the station ? ext . pensione ferrovia - day a small pensione across the street from the station . carla size it up , and it 's really not at all what she be hope for , but she do not say anything . int . pensione bedroom - day later , carla , in silhouette , from behind . wrapped in a sheet , she be look out the window of the dingy room . the light from the pensione 's neon sign spill in . they whisper . guido ( o.s. ) Close the curtain , it 's too light in here . carla close the curtain . they continue to whisper . guido ( cont 'd ) perfect . now , go into the corridor --- carla what ? P. 28 guido shhh ! yes , count to ten and come back in , and pretend you be in the wrong room , and I be a complete stranger -- carla sit on the bed face guido . carla I love you game ! she kiss he . guido I be here on business . carla okay . guido go , go . wait . you face . carla what about it ? guido get you makeup . guido switch on the light , put on he glass , and tilt the lamp shade up . he begin to pencil in a beauty mark and darken she eye . he be meticulous about this , and precise , and take he time to make it exactly as he want it . carla I have a nightmare last night . we be in that little alley behind piazza navona , where I buy you that scarf , remember ? the same one you wife buy you -- guido ( probably do not ) do not move , carla . carla when you wear it , I never know if it 's hers or mine . guido ( not really listen ) uh-huh . carla so we be there , on the ground , naked , kissing , and we do not care , and then my husband arrive and kill we both with a shovel ! poor luigi ! ( more ) P. 29 carla ( cont 'd ) he would never do that ! he 's so sweet . he speak Latin ! he know all the Roman emperor . guido ( still intent on he makeup job ) good for he . carla perhaps there 's a job for he in the movie -- guido why not ? carla you could work well together . guido beautiful . when you come in I want you to be my little savage . carla yes . guido ( gesture towards the door ) go , go . guido take off he glass and put they on the side table .. carla you think I be one of you actress ? guido hurry , please , carla . carla get up and take guido 's glass with she . guido turn out the light and settles into he pillow , for the game . carla look at herself in the mirror . carla oh , madonna ! guido I will pretend to be asleep . carla turn back to the mirror , she put on guido 's glass and turn back to he . carla what if I really find the wrong room ? would you be jealous ? P. 30 guido could you do such a thing ? carla tease he with a look that say , " why not ? " carla ( coyly ) hm ! who know ? carla go into the hall and close the door behind she . we hear the matron who run the pensione talk to she . while they talk , guido remove a crucifix from the wall and put it in the bedside drawer . now carla come back into the room , giggle , signal for guido to keep quiet . guido what happen ? carla ( still giggle ) it be the woman from the hotel . she want to give I towel . guido come here . carla okay . guido what ? carla you be a stranger , I do not know you . guido carla , just come here . ( indicate she sheet ) be savage . show I . she cross the room and climb onto the bed and open the sheet slowly , spread she arm wide . carla Excuse I ! I have get the wrong room . guido yes , you have . and I do not have the faintest idea who you be . she throw herself on guido , whose arm enfold she . P. 31 int . pensione bedroom - later carla be asleep , she bare back a thing of post- coital beauty . guido sit on the edge of the bed , quietly get dress , fill with confusion and guilt . int . hallway outside pensione bedroom - night guido tip -toe out of carla 's room , shoe in he hand . he walk down the hallway , alone . guido ( v.o . ) page one , page one , page one ... the figure emerge from the darkness like a goddess . she be Claudia , he muse ... int . HOTEL , guido' suite - day image of claudia in he fantasy . kiss he . walk away ... guido ( v.o. ) she take the man 's face and kiss he ... guido be surround by discard bit of paper , a outline of Italia . a empty sheet of paper sit in he typewriter on he desk . he be not work on the outline . he be sketching a voluptuous woman ... guido ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... and with that gesture , he 's suddenly inspire to write something ... profound . ... he draw in the nipple on the woman 's breast . guido become discourage . he toss off he glass and run he hand through he hair in frustration . guido ( cont 'd ) mother of God , give I a sign . he 's happily distract by the sound of vehicle arrive outside he window . he open a slat in the shutter , look down as a motor calvacade draw up . at its heart be a impressive luxury car . P. 32 ext . HOTEL bellavista , Pov from balcony - day Hotel staff swarm around the vehicle which discharge a procession of religious , include a ancient cardinal in scarlet robe and the cardinal' secretary . Priests follow as the cardinal head inside the hotel . guido be intrigue , hurry out of he hotel room . int . HOTEL bellavista lobby - day as guido hurry down the stair , the cardinal be be help into the elevator . the cardinal' secretary be deal with check - in formality with De Rossi . guido call to he . guido Excuse I , father ... cardinal' secretary ( turn ) buongiorno . guido his excellency , the cardinal , be he -? cardinal' secretary ( recognise guido ) signor contini ! ( starstruck ) I be a big fan . guido I would very much like to speak to the cardinal . do you think he might grant I - cardinal' secretary be Claudia jenssen with you ? guido no . cardinal' secretary pity . his excellency be a big admirer of signorina jenssen . guido ( explain ) I be in need of some guidance , some pointer ... cardinal' secretary do you think you could find a sign photograph of signorina jenssen ? P. 33 guido for his excellency ? cardinal' secretary si. guido I be sure that would be possible ... cardinal' secretary truly ? what a pleasure . arrivederci , maestro . he head towards the elevator . guido watch he go , then a voice call out he name .... guido ! guido can not turn round . he know that voice . dante guidino ! guido hurry towards the elevator . the elevator door close . guido be trap . guido I be not go to ask how you find I . dante please - it 's my job . a producer need to know where he director be at all time ... even to know the pensione where he mistress be stay ... guido oh god. dante I understand , guido . Rome be absolutely unbearable . the pressure . it 's no good . guido really ? you understand ? he take guido by the arm and lead he to a stairwell . int . HOTEL bellavista - staircase - day dante of course I understand . absolutely . guido you be not go to drag I back ? dante no . you be a genius and genius must be serve . P. 34 guido thank you , my old friend . ( Dante be guide he ) where be we go ? dante you can not be in Rome . okay . ( head towards the ballroom ) int . grand ballroom , HOTEL bellavista - day dante Rome will come to you ! Dante open the door of the ballroom to reveal a full production office , art department , costume department , casting office . the model , costume , headshot , everything all in place or be put into place . a absolute beehive of activity . guido be staggered . dante ( cont 'd ) it 's a fantastic place for you to focus . everyone be here to help the movie . everyone be here because they love you , guido . he stand watch guido with genuine admiration as he set to work with he team . guido move through the room avoid specific question from everyone . as he do so , Dante make he way over to guido with a magnificent girl on he arm . jaconelli ( explain he design ) yes , with the flower and the glass and the arch of the Roman Empire ... dante guido ... you remember donatella . donatella ciao . guido ( he do not , she 's new ) ciao . dante donatella , you test she . donatella I be very nervous . he probably do not remember . I be quite nervous . P. 35 guido ( distract , take it all in ) no , I remember you . you be , we all enjoy you , so to speak . pierpaolo maestro ... pierpaolo , guido 's assistant , hold a telephone . guido want to know who it be . pierpaolo ( cont 'd ) Claudia 's agent ... guido grimace . then take the phone . he attack the phone call with gusto . guido ( listen to a stream of invective ) do she like the script ? ( gesture for pierpaolo to light he a cigarette ) no no no no - impossibile - be you tell I she do not get the script ? ( shouting at pierpaolo ) pierpaolo ! he take the cigarette with a smile , and then without miss a beat start bark at pierpaolo . guido ( cont 'd ) Claudia do not get the script ! send she another one . for chrissake . send she two ! pierpaolo ( play along ) yes , I be sorry . right now . guido cretino ! ( back to lombardo , listen ) yes , yes , that 's what I say , people just do not realise - she 's a actress as well as a star - I know Dante 's die to talk to you . a dolpo . ciao . he hand the phone to Dante , who 's delighted to see guido back on good direct mode . dante lombardo ... P. 36 as Dante take over , guido walk away , head towards lilli and she domain . int . lilly temporary office , ballroom - day guido yap , yap , yap , yap , yap , yap , yap ! guido leap over the balcony and lie down on a table . performance mode off . lilli nod to roberta to leave . roberta put down she work and clear the room quietly , leave they alone . guido ( cont 'd ) what be we do here ? lilli I be happy . I bring my swimsuit . lilli be work at a mannequin , hand - sewing some sequin on a costume . a red feathered boa be drape on the figure . lilli ( cont 'd ) it be luisa 's birthday yesterday . guido what ? no . oh please god. no. I speak with she yesterday . she do not even mention it . give I a cigarette . lilli point to the one in guido 's hand . lilli what 's that ? guido see the costume . guido what 's that ? lilli it 's for Claudia . guido for which scene ? lilli well I do not know which scene until I `ve see the script , but she always like something like this , or you do . guido look like the Folie bergere . it 's wrong . italian woman do not wear that thing . P. 37 lilli do not knock the Folie bergere ... lilli toss the boa over she shoulder as she continue pin the costume . lilli ( cont 'd ) ... it bring back happy memory . that 's where I learn my art . all that sequin , all that feather . ( still work ) and , you be wrong , you put Claudia in one of this for that nightclub scene in natura morta . guido why do people love that film ? guido pick up a straw hat . put it on he head playfully . lilli oh guido , do not . that 's death . every time we have to start again . guido I be try to find it . lilli you will not find it with you head jamme halfway up you ass . guido ashtray . she produce one . guido ( cont 'd ) thanks . you be say - my head be jamme up my ass . lilli halfway . I do not know . why not dream up something entertaining , guido ? something with music ... with dance ... God know , we could use a little joie de vivre around here ... guido look into the fade ballroom mirror behind she and see ... P. 38 fantasy : int . " soundstage " ... lilli , drape atop a upright piano , the red feathered boa hang from she shoulder . she place the same straw hat on she head . the soundstage have be transformed into a impressionistic version of the Folie bergere of the 1930' , with lilli as its french Star . a spotlight find guido watch from the scaffold of he unfinish set . the din of the theater audience fill the smoky atmosphere . lilli ( sing and perform in a french accent ) le cinema today be in a crisis director be so existentialistes . the movie be not worth there entrance price if no one sing a love song when he's kissed . love cannot be love without " le singing , " a string , a clarinet , a saxophone take a lesson from this old parisienne and the finest entertainment she have known . behind a black scrim , ghostly image come to life . apparition that reveal themselves as exotic showgirl barely cover in bead , sequin , and feather . they descend the grand staircase . lilli ( cont 'd ) foly bergere - what a showing of color , costume , and dancing ! not a moment in life could be more entrancing than a evening you spend aux foly bergere . foly bergere , not a soul in the world could be in despair when he be glancing at the fabulous stage des foly bergere the showgirl disappear . lilli come down from the piano and cross onto the stage . the scrim rise . from every corner , more showgirl begin to enter . P. 39 lily showgirl foly bergere - ooh LA LA LA musique , LA danse , le son , LA lumiere ! ooh LA LA les petit joly sein des bell bouquetiere ooh LA LA sur LA belle passarelle des foly beregere , ooh LA LA pas do mystere - le spectacle EST tout a ooh LA LA fait decouvert . " ET pas trop cher " viens ce soir avec moi aux foly bergere . lilli cross onto the passerelle , and speak directly to the audience . lilli ( cont 'd ) ah , bon soir , bon soir , bon soir . je suis la vedette des Folie bergere . vedette , it mean ' star . ' lilli singles out guest at the lip of the stage : lilli ( cont 'd ) let I tell you . last night I look down at this table in the chair you be sit in now , and what do I see ? a priest ! and next to he ? suddenly , she see Young guido in the audience . lilli ( cont 'd ) ahh , mon dieu ! guido ? guido contini ? what be you do here at the Folie bergere ? you naughty boy ! you be only nine year old ! but I be glad you have come . would you like to join I on stage ? yes. come . come , come , come . and she bring he onto the stage . the audience applaud . she address he as though he be older guido . lilli ( cont 'd ) feeling better ? there 's no room for hopelessness in here , be there , guido ? ( to the audience ) we must explain something to we young guido . what do we want ? laughter ! what do we want ? Love ! what do we want ? dream ! let we not forget , guido , mon cher -- that 's we privilege - to entertain . P. 40 the number kick into full gear with a rouse can-can . Young guido find himself sweep into lilli 's intoxicating world . lilli and showgirl foly bergere the music , the light , and the laughter , the answer to what you be after each night at the foly bergere . foly bergere lilli by the heavens above , you will swear there's nothing rarer ! lilli and showgirl than the foly bergere lilli cross the proscenium . her boa grow and grow until it stretch the length of the stage . lilli and showgirl ( cont 'd ) foly bergere the stage overflowing , and giving a musical reason for live each night at the foly bergere . foly bergere ... lilli to you modern ideas I compare one derriere ! lilli and showgirl at the foly bergere ! lilli wrap she long boa around Young guido . he and lilli be lift onto a art deco swing , flanke by two showgirl , that rise into the air . he be transport and inspire . lilli and showgirl ( cont 'd ) the answer to what you be after , the music , the light , and the laughter of the foly bergere ! int . guido' suite - night we seem to be look at the set on stage 5 . but suddenly a huge head dip into the shot and it 's guido contemplate a model of the set . he place a figure on the top of the staircase . P. 41 he move round to the front of the model and place another figure on the top of the scaffold tower . he knock it over . unconvince , he sit down on the sofa . the coffee table be cover in head -shot . he find the one of Claudia . guido look at it . he lie back to write and find himself in claudia be lap . she hand he a lipstick , smile and stroke he hair . he start to sign - " to he excellency .... " then paint he lip and kiss the photo himself . Claudia laugh . int . ancient bath - day grottos and tunnel be thick with steam . guido follow the cardinal 's Secretary . cardinal' secretary the cardinal be right this way . the cardinal 's Secretary lead guido to a private area , where the cardinal be already soaking in a large tub of hot water . cardinal' secretary ( cont 'd ) you eminence , signor contini be here . the cardinal 's Secretary make a gesture to guido to get into the tub with the cardinal . guido get in the water . the cardinal look hard at guido and then make he first pronouncement . cardinal I like Charlie chaplin . guido I too . cardinal a genius . what can I do for you ? guido do you believe in God ? the cardinal 's Secretary be shocked . cardinal' secretary signor contini , please . cardinal no , no , it 's a honest question . yes , I believe in God . P. 42 guido so do i. cardinal be you a Catholic ? guido oh yes , very much so . not as much as I would like to be , not as much as you would like I to be , I be sure , but certainly yes , I be try . cardinal try harder . guido yes , yes . I will , I will . you eminence , I be not happy . I be search for something . I feel a sense of misery , of despair and -- cardinal ( interrupt ) I see you film . not the flop , the other , the good one . but you think people need to see so much sex ? it 's not necessary . we can all imagine . guido ( laugh ) Excuse I - my film be what I imagine . cardinal then you imagination have no moral training . guido ( nonpluss ) how do you train the imagination ? cardinal the imagination be God 's garden ; do not let the Devil play in it . teach we italian woman to be wife , not whore , do not make we look at filth and debauchery . make we proud to be italian ... guido 's head disappear under the water . the sound of the cardinal 's voice trail away ... P. 43 memory : ext . beach - day supertitle : pesaro , Italy , 1926 Young guido , dress in he school uniform , run fast across the rough dune with five boy from the village . the boy head for a graffiti-cover defensive wall with barb wire along the top , a leftover from the war . they reach into pocket and extract small change , hand it to Young guido , already the ring leader . they crawl through a small open in the wall and approach a abandon bunker ... ext . saraghina's bunker - day ... Young guido take a step forward toward the bunker , as the other boy fearfully take a step back . young guido ( not loud enough ) saraghina . ( louder ) saraghina . now all the boy join in . boy saraghina ! saraghina ! young guido ( loudest ) saraghina ! sa-ra-ghina ! a shadow move inside the bunker . now even Young guido take a step back , but the boy be take three step back . and then she come out . saraghina be a gritty , earthy woman , with a powerful , voluptuous energy . she have darken eye and a beauty mark : she be clearly the model for the whore makeup on carla . she look at the boy . she may be a crazy whore , but she 's not a animal , she 's just play one for the boy , and they do not quite understand that she 's have she own fun with they . she take a deliberate step . Young guido stand he ground . she take another step and hold out she hand . P. 44 Young guido open he hand with the coin . she look at the money . be it enough ? but she grab he wrist , and hold it , and then take the coin . she stuff the money in she ample bosom and head back to she bunker . she return drag a old break chair , place it in front of the boy and sit , ready for the " show . " saraghina scoops up the soft white sand in she hand and pour it over she body ... a dark vamp begin . fantasy : int . " soundstage " curtain of fall sand fill the soundstage . through the sand , we see saraghina seat on the same chair from the beach . she speak , surround by other whore in provocative position on beat - up chair . saraghina so , you little italian devil , you want to know about love ? saraghina will tell you ... and if you want to make a woman happy , you rely on what you be bear with . because it be in you blood . ext . beach - day with a smile , she pull she dress off she shoulder . int . " soundstage " saraghina ( sing ) be italian , be italian . take a chance , and try to steal a fiery kiss . be italian , be italian . when you hold I , don't just hold I but hold this ! she grab she breast . P. 45 ext . beach - day she undulate she body . the boy watch and cheer . int . " soundstage " saraghina please be gentle , sentimental , go ahead and try to give my cheek a PAT , but be daring and uncaring . when you pinch I , try to pinch I where there's fat . ext . beach - day saraghina get up on the chair , lift she skirt , and begin to move she hip . int . " soundstage " saraghina whore be a singer , be a lover be a singer , be a lover , pick the flower now before before it's past , be the chance be past , be italian , be italian . italian be italian live today as if it may become you last ! ext . beach - day saraghina drop to the ground and playfully writhes in the sand . the boy be transfix . she get up and head towards the water . the boy follow , run . int . " soundstage " saraghina and the whore brandish tambourine . they begin a slow , rhythmic and sensual dance that build into a wild and raucous tarantella . we furiously intercut between the musical fantasy and the memory of the boy romping on the beach with saraghina , across the sand and through the water . saraghina whore be a singer , be a lover , be a singer , be a lover , pick the flower now before before it's past . the chance be past . P. 46 saraghina whore be italian , be italian , be italian , be italian . live today as if it may become you last ! the whore dance . the number end . ext . beach - day two priest be run down the beach , cassock flap . the boy run . Young guido try to run away from the priest . they catch he and carry he away from the beach . int . ST . sebastian chapel - day off-screen , a boy choir sing kyrie . the priest drag Young guido through the school 's chapel , past a torture Christ hang above the ornate altar , into the principal 's office . int . principal be office - day guido 's mother be there with the principal ( again , she appear the way he remember she ) . mamma I be ashamed of you , guido . young guido but mamma , what do I do . principal bring he here . that savage be the devil . God will punish you for you sin , now and forever . the principal produce a cane and start to whip the boy remorselessly . mamma look away . Young guido cry out as they punish he ... int . pensione bedroom - day ... and the cry be now in guido 's mouth , on top of carla in the spasm of sex ... he suddenly can not breathe ... carla be suddenly aware that he 's not in ecstasy ... he roll over , recover slowly . as always , immediately want to leave after the sex . P. 47 carla what ? what ? guido I can not breathe , I can not breathe . carla guido , do not die on I ! can you imagine ... poor luigi ! it would kill he . guido ( find she ridiculous ) if I die it would kill you husband ? guido shrug the sheet off and sit up slowly . carla kneel up and hug he , kissing he back . carla no , that 's not what I mean , guidino . no . where be you go ? guido I have to go to work . carla , I can not breathe . guido stand up and pick up he shirt . he put it on whilst they argue . carla let I come with you . guido it 's impossible . carla why ? guido because it 's impossible . please . carla but why be it impossible ? look at you producer ! he 's marry , he bring he girlfriend to work and nobody care . guido . everybody know about I . why ? why will not you let I near you ? guido for the very same reason you do not want I to die on top of you . it 's not fair to you husband . it 's not fair to my wife . P. 48 carla see , you be play with I . you be twist everything ... please let I come with you . guido no . guido head towards the door , still dress . carla I will be here wait for you with my leg open . disgust with himself , he leave . int . terrace restaurant , HOTEL bellavista - night glitter light on the terrace . a view of the sea . a pop band and a dance floor . a slick italian male singer perform quando quando quando . people dance . the whole production team be at a work dinner . guido be at the end of the table , spilling idea , struggle , struggle to make sense of Italia - guido let 's say there be ten sequence , each one set in a different period , but play by the same cast , a man and a woman , a woman and a man ... ( pour himself a glass of wine ) something light and hectic - like mozart would do it , like figaro . ( to lilli ) like the circus ... dante Claudia be go to be amazing . benito it sound like a masterpiece . fausto ( hiss at Dante ) Dante , you see , he have not write a word ... dante ( defend he director ) the screenplay be first of all a map . that 's a map . P. 49 guido let 's try to dig for something else . maybe a group of people digging , with shovel , in the desert . lilli guido . she nudge he . he look across the restaurant to see he wife at the entrance look for he ... guido luisa ! he jump up from the table and hurry towards the dance floor , genuinely happy . on the dance floor : - as guido be protective of luisa ... hold she back from the dinner table . guido ( cont 'd ) I can not believe you come . luisa the jungle drum say it be a emergency . guido the jungle drum exaggerated just a tiny bit . luisa not entirely . ( with concern ) you have not be sleep . guido I be die , until just now . come . he pull she into the middle of the dance floor . they start to dance . guido ( cont 'd ) and do not think I forget you birthday . when you get home , the house will be full of flower ... luisa be I already go home ? guido I hope not . happy birthday , my darling . P. 50 they move together , enjoy each other . she kiss he . they walk towards the table . at the table : dante ( see luisa ) here she be . at last . magnificent . you know donatella ? luisa I do now . she lean across to kiss lilli . he sit luisa down , go to grab a bottle of champagne . luisa ( cont 'd ) ( to lilli ) thank you for call . lilli ( confidentially ) you be save the movie . give he a good idea , for God 's sake . luisa say hello to the rest of the gang , there be kiss , etc. as guido return and pop open the bottle of champagne . guido let 's drink a toast to luisa 's birthday . luisa ( negate it ) it be Monday . dante happy birthday ! luisa ( not quite able to forgive he ) thank you . guido happy birthday . just then , the cardinal 's Secretary appear . head towards the table . cardinal' secretary maestro . P. 51 guido ( stand up to greet he , then turn to luisa ) ah , Don mario . Excuse I , darling , this be Don mario . this be my wife , luisa . cardinal' secretary a pleasure , signora . luisa sit down , will not you , Don mario ? cardinal' secretary oh no . luisa please . cardinal' secretary I be tell you husband how much I admire he movie . publicly , you know the Church condemn they - we have to - but we all love they . ( to guido ) last year we do we own version of you Il vicolo at the Christmas Party . lilli that I would pay to see . guido luisa be in that film . lilli she be the best thing in the movie . guido it 's true . it be you first part . cardinal' secretary of course ! - you be luisa acari ! oh my Lord ! luisa I be . Music begin . cardinal' secretary you can not stop be somebody . luisa can not you ? P. 52 cardinal' secretary well there 's a good catholic wife for you , guido , that 's what they do - sacrifice . still , signora contini , it must be a very exciting life for you ... luisa look to guido . Close up on guido . fantasy : int . " soundstage " the restaurant table as well as the production team be transplant onto guido 's unfinish set . they be surround by camera equipment , stand lighting unit , etc . luisa rise from she chair , distance herself from the scene . the other character , with the exception of guido , freeze in a dimly light macabre tableau . luisa contemplate she life with guido . luisa my husband make movie to make they he live a kind of dream in which he action aren't always what they seem - he may be on to some unique romantic theme . some men run bank some rule the world some earn there live baking bread . my husband .... he goe a little crazy making movie instead . my husband spin fantasies , he live they , then give they to you all like michelangelo , he paint he private dome but can't distinguish what' he work and what' he home . some men sell stock some men punch clock some leap where other fear to tread . my husband , as author and director , make up stories in he head . as the number progress , the world around luisa disappear into a black void , leave only herself , with guido in the shadow . luisa climb the staircase . luisa ( cont 'd ) guido contini , luisa contini : number one genius and number one fan . ( more ) P. 53 luisa ( cont 'd ) guido contini , luisa contini : passionate woman in love with this man long ago - many year ago . once we two be - guido contini , luisa he lover : actress with dream and a life of her own , then we have no end of world to discover , singing together all night on the phone long ago - someone else ago ... memory : int . insert stage - day luisa 's screen test for guido . a work print in scratch black and white . the music continue . clapper loader ( o.s. ) signorina acari , per favore . provino numero uno . luisa acari. the clapper board . title : IL vicolo ( the alley ) her name : luisa acari . a small set . a couple of table and chair , as if it 's a outdoor cafe in piazza navona . luisa enter , young , she 's like audrey hepburn ... luisa sit on the chair . guido ( o.s. ) you name , it 's italian . luisa my father 's italian . my mother 's french . guido ( o.s. ) what have you do before ? luisa ( eye twinkle ) oh , I have wait ... guido ( o.s. ) wait ? for this ? luisa wait table . ( they both laugh ) and , of course , I study theatre and mime in Paris . but , mostly wait table . P. 54 guido enter . he 's fascinate by she . she 's take aback that he 's in front of the camera and approach she . he walk straight up to she and unty she hair . it 's oddly intimate . he stand back to reappraise she . guido thank you . luisa for what ? guido thank you . for what I be look at . ( walk away ) keep run . int . " soundstage " luisa be now at the top of the staircase . she look at guido from a great distance and descend the stair . luisa long ago - someone else ago . how he need I so , and he'll be the last to know it . my husband make movie . to make they he make himself obsessed . he work for week on end without a bit of rest - no other way can he achieve he level best . some men read book , some shine there shoe , some retire early , some stay up to dream and muse . my husband only rarely come to bed - my husband make movie instead . my husband make movie ... int . terrace restaurant - night in reality , luisa see carla enter the restaurant . they look at each other . carla try to change direction , or look as if she 's come to the wrong place . ... luisa get up abruptly . luisa Excuse I , I suddenly feel very tired . she hurry away . guido sense something terrible be happen . he get up and go after he wife . P. 55 ext . step , HOTEL bellavista - night guido catch up to luisa as she storm up the step . guido luisa ! luisa I be staggered by my own stupidity . I could vomit . guido luisa - will you please just tell I what happen ? luisa you open you mouth and a lie come out . guido what lie ? luisa why be I surprised ? - it 's like breathe to you . she walk away up the step . guido can only guess at what 's happen . he head back to the terrace restaurant ... int . terrace restaurant - night guido come back inside . carla be seat at a table . she see he and call for he . carla guido . rage , he grab she and frogmarch she out the door . int . lobby , HOTEL bellavista - night guido pull carla through the lobby . she 's humiliate . carla ( try to explain ) I be hungry . I be tired of eat alone in that room . guido there be plenty of restaurant . P. 56 carla I want to see the hotel . I tell you I come here with my parent when I be little . I do not come to disturb you . guido well you certainly manage to . carla why do not you tell I luisa be go to be here ! guido I do not know she be here . she just turn up . carla well , she could have warn you . guido the only privilege my wife have this day be not have to warn I . he walk over to the front desk , to the ubiquitous De Rossi . guido o.s a taxi , please , for the signora . do rossi o.s. right away . guido go back to the suddenly vulnerable carla . guido carla , you have to wait outside . carla will you wait with I ? guido I be in the middle of a work dinner with my colleague . carla so why do I have to wait outside ? guido ( shame ) I will find someone to escort you home . he disappear . carla walk towards the door , conscious of De Rossi . she 's humiliate . De Rossi come out from behind he desk , approach she . P. 57 do rossi ( carefully ) signora , would you rather wait inside ? carla I be go to walk . please tell my friend I have to leave . she walk away . ext . road - night carla walk along the road in the dark , stumbling along . int . guido' suite - night guido enter . the two single bed . luisa be apparently asleep in hers . guido sit on he bed . glum . guido apparently she 's stay in some grotesque pensione next to the station . luisa do not move . guido ( cont 'd ) luisa , if I would invite she here , she would be stay in the hotel , would not she ? think about it . I do not even know you be come . luisa ( without open she eye ) very plausible . guido because it 's true . luisa turn on she bedside lamp and sit up in bed . luisa you tell I it be finish . guido it be . look , she be worried about I , she come to see if I be all right - which yes , be stupid but not , as far as I know , a crime , and hardly a mortal sin . luisa suddenly laugh , disconcertingly . P. 58 guido ( cont 'd ) ( smile , insecure ) what ? what be you laugh about ? luisa nothing . if you could see yourself . ( raise herself up further ) I could not live with it - the absurdity of be you , the effort of have to hide and lie and cheat . it 's exhaust , no wonder you have get no script , you be too busy invent you own life . guido it 's finish . it 's finish . ( and he be exhaust ) if it be not before , it be now . luisa ( lie back on she bed ) blah blah blah blah blah . luisa turn over , reach to the bedside lamp and turn it off . guido get up and hurry from the room . int . bar , HOTEL bellavista - night guido enter the bar , go up to the bartender . guido vodka . a voice come from behind he . stephanie ( o.s. ) I will have one of that . due . guido look around , it 's the vogue journalist from the Press Conference . Stephanie grin at he , infectious , full of flirt . stephanie ( cont 'd ) hi , guido contini . Stephanie , from vogue , remember I ? guido yes , I remember very well , stephanina from vogue . stephanie so , coincidence . you be here . and I be here . P. 59 guido ( take he glass off ) amazing . May I take a cigarette ? stephanie that be quite a performance . at the Press Conference . the vanish act. guido take a cigarette . the drink appear . guido produce some money . stephanie ( cont 'd ) no , please , my treat . guido ( pay ) please . stephanie grazie . guido prego . stephanie ( eyeing guido ) I have see all you movie . guido ( light they cigarettes ) really ? stephanie like a million time . they be the only movie that tell the truth about the modern world . guido and what truth be that ? stephanie ( think ) death of religion ... sexual revolution ... guido I do not think religion be dead . and what exactly be the sexual revolution ? stephanie that we can talk about later . Stephanie cross she leg . guido look down and see she grey patent leather boot move in time to the beat . a rhythm begins . P. 60 stephanie ( cont 'd ) you have such style . I always think that . that 's the other thing I love about you movie . guido ( appal ) style . flash : a sudden head turn of a man in shade . stephanie every frame be like a postcard . guido ( appal ) okay . stephanie it 's great : you care as much about the suit as the man wear it . flash : a sudden image of men in stylish suit . stephanie ( cont 'd ) it 's the italian man in you : pay for you drink , undress you with he eye ... flash : a sudden image of a woman' hip thrust . guido I hate that man . stephanie no ! style be the new content ! it 's what my reader love . they want to dress like Claudia jenssen . they want to undress like Claudia jenssen . they want to ride on a vespa down the via veneto . they want to live in a italian movie . fantasy : int . " soundstage " the tiere level of the unfinish set be cover with go - go girl in silver miniskirt . at the center of the stage , italian male model in stylish suit and Ray ban strut down a fashion runway . Stephanie make she entrance on the catwalk . P. 61 stephanie I love the black and white ! I love the play of light ! the way contini put he image through a prism . int . HOTEL bar - night guido light Stephanie 's cigarette . int . " soundstage " stephanie I feel my body chill give I a special thrill each time I see that guido neo-realism int . HOTEL bar - night guido and Stephanie share a laugh as she steal a sip from guido 's glass . int . " soundstage " Stephanie lead the man in a series of tight , rhythmic move . stephanie I love the dark and handsome guy with there skinny little tie dressin ' mod , lookin ' outta sight ! I love to watch ` em as they cruise with there pointy leather shoe wearin ' shade in the middle of the night . int . HOTEL bar - night Stephanie rub she leg against guido 's . int . " soundstage " stephanie whatever guido doe , it make I smile he be the essence of italian style . I love the glamorously latin world that only guido can portray !!! continix cinema italiano ! I love he cinema italiano ! he make I feel with cinema italiano ( more ) P. 62 stephanie ( cont 'd ) my life be real with cinema italiano he be the king of cinema italiano ! int . HOTEL bar - night Stephanie whisper into guido 's ear , as she drop she room key into he pocket . he watch she hip swing as she walk out . guido play with she room key , decide whether or not to follow . int . " soundstage " a long line of chic woman replace the man on the runway , join Stephanie . stephanie that scene I love to see from guido be " p " " o " " V " there's no one else with he unique director' vision . he angle - wide and tight - each moment feel so right ... define italian style by only he decision ! I love the speedy little car the hip coffee bar the sleek women in positano ... guido' the ultimate uomo romano ! stephanie and men continix cinema italiano ! I love he cinema italiano guido guido guido guido guido guido guido guido guido guido guido ! drum break . the number heat up . int . HOTEL hallway - night guido exit the elevator , weary and ripe with self - disgust , and walk down the hallway to Stephanie 's door . guido push open the door and drop she key in a bowl . he walk tentatively into the room and sit on she bed . the dress room door be deliberately ajar . guido catch a glimpse of Stephanie undress in a mirror . P. 63 int . " soundstage " stephanie dark and handsome guy skinny little tie shade in the middle of the night speedy little car hip coffee bar sleek women in positano ... stephanie and women men ecco IL re del ecco IL re del cinema italiano cinema italiano questo o E IL questo o E IL cinema italiano cinema italiano nella mia anima all nella mia anima nella mia anima cinema italiano bianco - nero bianco - nero bianco - nero nero - nero stephanie cinema italiano women men bianco - nero bianco - nero dark and handsome guy bianco - nero skinny little tie nero - nero shade in the middle of the night speedy little car hip coffee bar mod , lookin ' outta sight all nella mia anima cinema italiano nella mia anima cinema italiano continix cinema italiano ! suddenly , guido be share the runway with Stephanie , the go - go dancer , and the male model , soaking up the adoration as he idol - worshipp audience cheer and paparazzi flash . it 's a party . Champagne pop . flow . everyone be chant guido 's name . guido and Stephanie exit the runway , arm and arm ... P. 64 int . stephanie's HOTEL room - night guido feel consume with self - loathing . guido no . he get up from the bed and bolt from the room ... int . guido' suite - night ... guido enter he own suite . he sit down on luisa 's bed , curl round she and kiss she neck . determined to commit to luisa . guido I love you luisa . after a moment she turn to he , she own hand seek he . guido ( cont 'd ) can we please try to be close again . the phone ring , shockingly loud . he kiss luisa , then grab the phone to silence it . guido ( cont 'd ) pronto ... ext . pensione ferrovia - night guido arrive at the pensione . the matron be wait at the door . distress . int . pensione ferrovia - night as they walk down the hall - guido be the doctor still with she ? the matron nod . matron yes , he 's in there . he 's wait for you . this way . P. 65 int . pensione bedroom - night guido go in with the matron to find she daughter press a cold compress onto carla 's head as she lie , feverish in the bed . doctor rondi be pack up he thing . carla ( distant ) you come . guido ( take she hand ) I be here . Doctor rondi be brisk . he nod to guido that they go outside . doctor rondi signor contini . as guido make to leave - carla come back . guido reassure she with a gesture . int . hallway outside pensione bedroom - night guido and Doctor rondi come out . guido be concerned . Doctor rondi write out a prescription as he talk . doctor rondi she take five or six pill , enough to make herself very sick . I understand she 's you mistress . ( guido can not answer ) this be a sordid business . you movie people , I suppose you do not consider yourself bound by morality ... guido do not fight . rondi hand he the prescription , pick up he bag , turn and walk away , leave guido lean against the wall ... memory : ext . beach - day Young guido , alone and dress in he school uniform , run fast across the rough dune . P. 66 mamma ( o.s. ) guido ? dove corri ? where be you run to ? int . pensione bedroom - night ... the door knob turn . guido come back into the room , indicate to the matron and she daughter that they should leave . guido thank you . I be go to stay with she now . matron if you need we for anything , just call , okay ? francesca , andiamo . guido grazie . he sit on the side of the bed and put he hand over hers . guido ( cont 'd ) carla , I should call you husband . carla no , he will take I home . guido what have you do to yourself ? I be not worth die for , carla . carla do not be angry with I . everything I do , I just want you to love I . this come out with enormous tenderness , as if she suddenly understand herself . carla ( cont 'd ) when you be not here with I , I be still here . when you be in you life , make you movie , dance with you wife - I be still here . guido hear she . know what she 's say be true . she look at he . guido ssshh . you should rest . we will talk about everything in the morning ... he stand and pull a sheet up over she . P. 67 carla ( clutch at he ) do not leave I . do not leave I . guido lie down next to she , she turn to face he . guido Rest , rest . Cara mia ... fantasy : int . " soundstage " mamma ( o.s. ) ... caro , caro mio . ... Young guido be scale the unfinish set , as mamma circle he from below . hundred of candle fill the darkness . mamma intercept Young guido as he jump down from the spiral staircase and she swing he into she arm . she sing playfully . mamma ( cont 'd ) guarda LA luna che brilla lassu how the moon glow as it smile over you when you're dreaming blissfully ! dreaming , flying free ! int . pensione bedroom - night guido attempt to comfort carla . carla my husband think I be clever , that 's the strange thing , because I be not , well you know that , I spend too much time in my little brain think about you , about where you be , what you be do , what you dream of . int . " soundstage " mamma guide Young guido through a alle of candle . mamma oh , dream of you youth when i'm still by you side dream of you manhood , pray i'm there to guide you and when you grow old ( more ) P. 68 mamma ( cont 'd ) how my love still will shine always remember my son ... you will always be mine ! yes , mine ! she gently spin Young guido , and - as he complete the turn - he be replace by older guido . mamma now waltze with she adult son . mamma ( cont 'd ) guido sai che TI voglio bene , figliolo mio , guido do you think that so many will love you as I do ? mamma caress guido 's face . guido pull away . older guido watch , as mamma take Young guido up the grand staircase . mamma ( cont 'd ) guarda LA luna , she hang in the sky beaming her blessing to make you and I know that this one goodnight kiss will keep all you life perfect like this . mamma sit on the step with Young guido . he rest he head in she lap . older guido walk past they up the staircase . guido hold on to I , mamma . do not let I wake from this . he disappear into darkness . int . pensione bedroom - day guido wake . it 's morning . carla look very fragile as the first ray of sun touch the room . him , too . he rub he face , hear voice . he get up , go out to investigate . int . hallway outside pensione bedroom - day carla 's husband , luigi , be talk with matron on the landing . P. 69 guido straighten himself up , approach , as matron retreat to leave they alone . luigi be a nice , dignify man . he 's very anxious . he and guido can not really look at each other . matron Excuse I . she leave . luigi be she okay ? guido yes . luigi I would like to take she home . guido of course . I be sorry . ( hapless ) she love you , you know that , do not you . luigi she 's my wife . he walk into the room . guido stand outside for a second , then turn to go . int . guido' suite - day the door be open as guido enter . he 's confuse , worried that luisa have go , perhaps . but then he see a figure move about in the dress room , empty a closet . guido darling ? Dante appear , stuff guido 's thing into a suitcase . dante we be go back to Rome . guido ( anxious ) where 's luisa ? dante luisa ? she 's go . she 's have it with you . ( different tone ) and quite frankly , so have i. you drag a whole crew up here and then you just disappear . ( more ) P. 70 dante ( cont 'd ) I can not protect you anymore . and Claudia be in Rome . makeup test start today . remember ? guido ( sit ) I can not . dante you can not . you must . do not sit down . guido I need help . dante ( still pack ) you have have help . you have see the doctor , you have see the priest , you have take the cure . guido I be not cure . dante ( decisive , no argument ) that 's enough ! the movie call , you star have land . fausto - take he thing please . Dante walk over to the door with the suitcase , pass fausto . a bellboy and a luggage cart stand in the hall . dante ( cont 'd ) ( impatient , at the door ) guido ! andiamo ! ext . gate of cinecitta - late afternoon guido 's roadster approach the gate . there be paparazzi gather for the arrival of Claudia , for the beginning of filming . they drive through , solemn face , ignore the press . guido ( o.s. ) I need more time . dante ( o.s. ) forget the script . Claudia 's here now . she will inspire you to do what you do best , write with you camera . P. 71 ext . cinecitta - late afternoon the whole energy of this return to cinecitta be hectic , people want to work , equipment wait to work , everybody and everything need guido 's attention . guido drive towards the stage . guido feel the pressure that the whole studio be gear up for a movie that do not exist . guido be try not to panic . he feel as if he 's just arrive in prison camp . he drive fast and straight to stage 4 , and as they head towards the studio , they be immediately swamp . pierpaolo have a hundred request for guido ... pierpaolo maestro , the screen test be back from the lab . will you watch they now ? dante tonight . we will watch everything tonight and make some decision . pierpaolo Design meeting ? production meeting ? dante tonight . pierpaolo tonight . Dante march guido towards the stage . lilli join they . lilli Claudia say where be you ? she 's in fine form . feisty . guido ( know what that mean ) okay . lilli she ask if she could read my script as she do not have one . I say I do not quite have mine . lilli peel off and join she assistant roberta at a rack of costume . P. 72 int . insert stage , cinecitta - late afternoon a couple of huge camera be be prepare , some light be be fly up into the grid , the loader be prepare the clapper board . the loader have create a slate : italia , claudia jenssen , hair and makeup test . the gang enter . guido say a brisk hello to the crew , then leave the set quickly . find the studio telephone behind the flat . he dial . guido wait . luisa pick up the phone . luisa pronto . guido luisa , it 's I . please do not hang up . ( she do not respond ) I want you to be with I in the screen room tonight . I want to talk to you about the casting , about the script . everything ... int . insert stage / contini home - late afternoon intercut , luisa at home , listen , inscrutable . guido otherwise I will not be able to start , I will not know what I be think ... luisa listen . pierpaolo appear again , always the same , need he to start . pierpaolo maestro . guido nod , wave he away . guido be you there ? luisa ? luisa go on . guido I be not ask you to let I come home , I just want you to come to the screen test tonight . not for I , but for the movie . you always have , you always do . luisa put down the phone . P. 73 guido be in a mess . int . insert stage - early evening guido walk forward and sit by the camera , as suddenly there 's a commotion at the studio door , and lilli and some of she assistant come through , silhouettes only , follow by a tall figure , who demand the space around she . as the other walk towards a hold area with costume , and wig and all manner of item , the woman , who be claudia , of course , simply walk into the light , she home , and stand there wait for guido . she look stun and glamorous . the epitome of a sixty movie star . guido get up and approach Claudia . pierpaolo act as first Assistant director . pierpaolo silence please . se gira . and we be roll . guido get behind the camera and film Claudia 's test . guido could you turn to the right please , Claudia . claudia yes , I can turn to my right . guido and can you turn to the leave . claudia yes , I can turn to my leave . guido now just one slow turn for we . claudia ( she turn around ) okay , one slow turn . guido bellissima . brava . cut. pierpaolo we have get it . next costume please . makeup artist and costume assistant immediately surround she , loosen she hair . Dante be thrilled . fausto be also mesmerise . she 's a star , that 's the long and short of it . P. 74 and she 's warming up for a fight with she director . another litany of jibe , half - joke , but dangerous . claudia have anybody get a script ? script miss , handsome reward .... lose , one script , title Italia . can not make a film without it ... lilli come forward , put a chinchilla fur coat on Claudia , adjust she hair . claudia ( cont 'd ) so interesting to do hair and makeup for a part when you do not know what the part be . guido adore she , she spirit , she feistiness . claudia ( cont 'd ) ( shrug off the coat ) no ! I be go back to my hotel now . pierpaolo ( anxious ) but please , just a couple more costume , Claudia . claudia ( to guido ) I be go back to my hotel now , my darling , and when I there be a script , I will read it and then we will take it from there . ( call over to lilli ) I love the costume , lilli . they be beautiful . ( back to the guy , sweetly ) ciao bello . guido that 's fair . dante Claudia ! guido ( to Dante ) that 's fair . dante Fair ? guido I will be back . P. 75 guido race after Claudia , take the chinchilla coat from lilli with he . opportunity for escape . dante ( call to guido ) you have get daily , guido . guido I will be right back . dante ( shouting ) you have get meeting . ext . cinecitta - night guido drive Claudia towards the gate , which swing open . the paparazzi be in wait and swarm the car , flashbulb pop , man clamber onto the car for a picture of the Star drive away with she director . lot of shouting and plea , lot of remonstration from guido . they drive away , and be immediately follow by a posse of photographer on they moped and vespas and little car . int . car , rome outskirt - night guido 's roadster roar away , the papparazzi posse follow . guido glance at Claudia , love have she in the car , she 's such a class act . he 's always inspire . he 's drive fast but distract by she . guido you look ravish . claudia you be not see I , you be see lilli 's wig and makeup , I be somewhere hide underneath . guido 's a good driver and weave in and out of the traffic . so do the posse , but as the road open up , they can not keep up with he and he manage to overtake a car , they speed after he . ext . medieval lane , trastevere - night guido stop the car by some narrow street in the trastevere , just south of the vatican . they watch the photographer hurtle past in search of they . they sit for a second . P. 76 guido it 's good to see you . claudia I be assume that 's code for there 's no script . guido be exasperate . guido why be everybody so suddenly obsessed with the script ? Claudia listen . she 's always seduce by the way he speak , he passion . they fall in love with each other in every movie , that 's the way of it . guido light a cigarette . guido ( cont 'd ) talk to the people who love you in we film , they be not interested in my script ! they be interested in the way you turn you head , the way the camera look past you to the moon ... the way you smile a little as you cry , the way you really do blush for the camera - how ?! - ( enough example , sigh ) who even know , but whatever else it be , it 's not my script . guido have no confidence in what he 's say anymore . they get out of the car and begin to walk away . it 's almost desert here . claudia so lilli say I be play a million different part - guido not a million - you be the muse , the incredible woman who make Italy what it be today , a country run by man - who be themselves run by woman , whether they know it or not . claudia ( teasing he ) so I be the woman behind the great man ? guido ( try hard to tell the truth ) the great woman ... ( more ) P. 77 guido ( cont 'd ) in a way - yes - you have this man in the story and he 's , he want to take hold of everything , to devour everything , he can not let anything go , or , he do not want to , and he change direction every day , because he 's lose , he 's die , he 's bleed to death ... claudia ( deflate ) and this muse - they fall in love with the man ? guido exactly ! they fall in love with he . claudia ( decisive ) I would rather be the man . guido what ? claudia I would rather be the man . she grab he hat , put it on she head . saunter down the road . he follow . fantasy : int . " soundstage " claudia in a very unusual way , one time I need you , in a very unusual way , you be my friend . maybe it lasted a day , maybe it lasted a hour , but somehow it will never end . ext . medieval lane , trastevere - night claudia this woman who come off they pedestal for a kiss - they be just fantasy . guido no , you misunderstand ... P. 78 int . " soundstage " claudia in a very unusual way , I think I 'm in love with you , in a very unusual way , I want to cry . something inside I goe weak , something inside I surrender , and you 're the reason why , you 're the reason why . you don't know what you do to me. you don't have a clue . you can't tell what it's like to be I looking at you . it scare I so that I can hardly speak . ext . medieval lane , trastevere - night guido she 's he inspiration . claudia I can not keep play that part . guido I fall in love with you every time . claudia when there 's a camera between we . guido no . claudia it 's not a real person , guido . ( point ) and this man you describe - he do not know how to love . claudia ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) in a very unusual way , I owe what I am to you . ext . piazza with fountain - night Claudia head towards a little piazza with a ancient fountain in the centre of the square . the piazza be empty except for a few car park where the entrance have be block off . Claudia step up onto the fountain . P. 79 guido there be a time once , we be on location , some terrible hotel - and you be in the room directly above I and I could hear you walk about ... guido sit down at the edge of the fountain . guido ( cont 'd ) ...and , all through the night , I want to rush up the stair and hammer on you door until you open . claudia and why do not you ? guido I do not know . I do not know . int . " soundstage " claudia special to I in my life , since the first day that I met you . how could I ever forget you , once you have touched my soul . in a very unusual way , you 've made I whole . ext . piazza with fountain - night Claudia leave behind the hat on the fountain and move closer to guido . the music continue . claudia maybe you should have knock , maybe you should have knock I right off the pedestal . I can not do this anymore . she take off she wig and diamond earring . claudia ( cont 'd ) this be I . and you have a wife who love you . she hand he the wig and the earring . she kiss he . claudia ( cont 'd ) I will miss you . wrong girl . the music end . Claudia turn and walk away . P. 80 int . screening room , cinecitta - night a screen , the leader of a film reel , number count down , the synch pop on 3 , and Claudia appear on the screen , look extraordinary from the hair and makeup test . people start to comment , all enthusiastically . guido get a cigarette off pierpaolo and light up . dante ( to lilli ) great work , lilli ... wonderful costume ... lilli thank you . dante ... and the hair , makeup , fantastic . guido watch , sit alone , he turn around as he see someone come in the door , but it 's gianluca , not luisa . benito she have a beautiful profile . dante two great profile . fausto she 's a goddess . dante and the back be not too bad . fausto she come directly from venus . beautiful . dante fantastic . guido ? really nice . who 's next ? benito actress . dante okay . let 's see the actress . the reel finish . the light come up , to excited chatter , he look at lilli a row or two behind he , she shrug sympathetically . the room go dark , the next reel begin . guido turn back to look at the screen . P. 81 during the reel , Dante be very decisive ... shout out , as the woman appear . they come on , one after the other , say they name . guido give they thing to do . pick up the phone and argue with you lover . no , make he laugh . make he want you . walk towards the camera as if you be frighten . as if you be angry . on eleanora - very angry on the phone : benito if we like she , we have to call she agent right away . everybody want she right now . dante well they can keep she . benito she 's a very funny actress . dante she 's peculiar . you do not like she guido ? next actress : ilaria . someone come in the door . guido turn and see it 's luisa , sit next to lilli . she 's come . he turn back to the screen . another actress appear . it 's donatella . very nervous . she say she name . guido instruct she . she try the phone , the walk . she 's not a natural . luisa find the gentle humor in this situation . she look at guido . a little smile . he feel it like sunshine . he turn back to the screen . dante ( cont 'd ) she 's nice . fausto she 's very natural . dante even better . she 's a bit nervous here . what do you say , guido ? donatella 's nice ? another girl : alessia . very strike . keeps look out past the camera , get sotto voce instruction from guido . her hair be in a chignon . she begin she improv , but guido interrupt she , suddenly appear in front of the camera . approach she , and undoe the chignon , freeing she hair . she 's beautiful and innocent . guido say something to she , a whisper . but what he say and how he say it , the smile it provoke , go like a dagger to luisa . P. 82 dante ( cont 'd ) who 's this ? I think we be look for a blonde . fausto she 's too tall . dante very tall . benito she 's very beautiful . dante it 's not the point . guido want the blonde . fausto she 's not bad , but - dante shh . fausto she 's beautiful . dante she 's too beautiful . for my taste . as the reel finish ... and the light come up . dante ( cont 'd ) I do not know what guido think . I think we be happy with donatella . donatella 's better , be not she ? guido sure . dante ( delighted , jump up ) great . anyway , fantastic day , but we have to go home . we have a very , very busy day tomorrow . thank you very much everybody . thank you . okay , well do . the screen room empty , a lot of mutual congratulation on good work , especially to lilli , and a hug or a handshake from almost everybody for luisa . lilli kiss she , leave . just the two of they now , husband and wife , several row apart in the empty screen room . guido it mean so much to we all . that you come . ( more ) P. 83 guido ( cont 'd ) ( nothing from luisa ) what do you think ? do you like anybody or -? ( nothing ) luisa ? fantasy : int . " soundstage " the beat of a stripper' drum . a glove hand emerge from behind a bead curtain , beckone . the curtain open , revealing the silhouette of a figure bath in red light . guido sit in a audience of raucous man who have fill all the seat around he . they start to whistle as if they be at some sleazy club . guido squirm , trap . the figure step forward . it 's luisa , trick out like a seedy nightclub stripper . luisa you want my love ? take it all you want to watch it all come off ? take it all come on now show I how you take it all ... int . screening room , cinecitta - night luisa thank you . guido ( encourage ) what for ? luisa thank you for remind I I be not special . you do not even see what you do , do you ? even the moment I think be ours , it 's just you work to get what you want . int . " soundstage " luisa strip . P. 84 luisa you want my glove ? be you enthralled ? you want to see it slip away and watch it fall ? oh we know it's you show so take it all int . screening room , cinecitta - night guido ( dawn on he ) what be you talk about ? he stand up , lean on the chair back . guido ( cont 'd ) the screen test ? you have to understand , it 's nothing , this be what I do , I direct . that 's my job . guido stand up straight . luisa and this be we life . you think to create be to forgive yourself in public . Fine . but do not think I can forgive you in private , because I can not ever . int . " soundstage " as the strip become more raw , luisa defiantly expose she body and she contempt for guido . guido watch , humiliate . luisa so go ahead take it all you want my soul ? take it all ! it's time to leave . if i'm to live . because I have no more , there's nothing left to give ... instrumental . luisa charge into the audience : she be maul and assault by the man . P. 85 luisa ( cont 'd ) I watch you rise ! I watch you fall ! while I am stand with my back against the wall now it's you turn to finally learn you have the world you have you fling you wanted more than everything you got you wish you got you prize now take it right between you thighs you grabbed for everything my friend but don 't you see that in the end there will be nothing ! int . screening room , cinecitta - night luisa you be just a appetite , and if you stop be greedy you would die . you take everything , and I be empty . luisa get up from she chair , head to the exit door . luisa ( cont 'd ) you know , I be glad I come . I can see now ... it 's hopeless ... luisa leave . guido be leave alone . the room go dark as the screen test , on a loop , start up again . guido walk into the flicker light of the projector ... guido what have I do ? what have I do , luisa ? int . " soundstage " ... he sit silhouett by the harsh white beam . guido I can't make this movie , there's no way that i'll begin it . I can't bear to see the cameras roll . problem be the subject , there's no pleasant way to treat it . ( more ) P. 86 guido ( cont 'd ) the problem be the author' lost control . how I wish it didn 't have to be so , but we CUT the loss -starting now strike the set and keep it for some sideshow . tell the cast and crew that they can all go . guido stand and walk towards the image on the screen . he violently rip the screen to the ground . guido ( cont 'd ) find another genius , I can't be one or become one . I can't even tell how i'd begin . help luisa , help I , help I mamma , help I someone . herex a place where I have never be . guido out in space with no direction , guido at a loss for what to say , guido with no intervening actor , guido at the mercy of detractor , guido here , with no one else but ... nothing hold together nothing make a bit of sense now impossible to grasp or understand how can I go on to watch the whole of my existence end up be nothing that I planned have I lost myself and all I wished for have my life become a mindless game guido , I can't stand the name of guido guido , for godsake , who be this guido ? guido here , with no one else but guido ... guido collapse to he knee . guido ( cont 'd ) ( honest ) I destroy everything , mamma ... suddenly , he mother appear . guido ( cont 'd ) ... I destroy everything , I just ... you make one wrong turn and then because of that , after it all the turn be wrong . and you be so far from where you want to be ... and you be lose and then you be lose . P. 87 mamma no one can help you find you way . ( a beat ) it 's up to you , guido . up to you . nobody else . in guido 's face , a soulful recognition that what she 's say be true . int . cinecitta , stage 5 - day a huge crash ... ... a large piece of guido 's set come crash down . Dante and guido walk through the empty soundstage , leave behind the set which be be dismantle by a group of construction worker . guido ( o.s. ) Old friend , I have to come clean with you . int . production office , cinecitta - day reality . guido face he production team . this be hard for he . guido there be no movie . I can not pretend anymore . we have to stop . ( nothing more to say ) I be sorry . there be silence in the room . ext . cinecitta , stage 5 - day the metal soundstage door open as guido and Dante walk through and into the sunlight . guido be defeat . he stop at he car and turn to Dante . guido get in he car . guido drive away . Dante watch he go . ext . beach - anguillara - afternoon a cold wind blow . a lonely figure ( guido ) walk along a desert beach . supertitle : anguillara , Italy , 2 year later P. 88 ext . beach cafe , anguillara - afternoon it 's the end of the season . only a few customer leave in the cafe , as the waiter close up for the day , pull down umbrella , stack table . guido 's change , bearded , hair longer and unkempt . haggard . he look out to sea , alone , as the wave crash to and for . a newspaper sit open in front of he . scribbles and heavy marking circle a ad for a theater production in Rome . guido get up at this moment , start to leave , hesitates , take the paper , fold it under he arm , and exit the restaurant . he head up the step towards the promenade and we catch a glimpse of the profound regret in he eye - ext . rome , theater - night guido wait , nervous , in a doorway across the street from a theatre that 's present the pirandello play , diana E LA tuda , star luisa acari . luisa exit the theatre with the company of actor , all of they plait together in post- performance bonhomie . guido watch from a distance . luisa take the arm of a handsome male , as they cross and head down the street . ext . anguillara street - day guido and lilli walk along the waterfront . people pass by occasionally . they talk - lilli I be glad she 's act again . I make she costume for the play . she 's funny . guido she seem so happy . I do not want to interfere ... be she with anybody ? lilli guido , she 's my friend . I be not she mother . I do not know . I expect so . nobody like to be alone . promise I you be go to let I cut you hair and get rid of that awful beard . P. 89 guido I like to get about without everybody point at I . lilli and where be you get about ? guido nowhere . here . I walk . just to be able to walk . lilli be you see anybody ? guido no , no . nobody . lilli ( teasing ) well , it sound exciting . walk around and not see anyone , grow a beard . I might come up here and join you . guido do not tease I , lilli . my heart be - lilli - I know . guido I just miss she . I should have idiot tattooe on my forehead . lilli luisa certainly think so . guido ( grasp at this ) do she ? do she really say that ? lilli stop ! I be not go to act as a postman between you both . come back to Rome . make a movie . go to work . he sit . lilli join he . guido no. never . I have spend this time try to learn something , lilli , to not be the person who forget about everybody else , the person who never grow up . P. 90 lilli you be such a dope , be not you ? make movie be not you problem . you be you problem . do not stop be a child . you will never make another movie ! nobody want that ... especially luisa . she indicate the people who pass . lilli ( cont 'd ) guido - there probably be not a single person pass by who have not be touch in some way by one of you movie . that 's you gift . that 's what you have be give . use it . just use it with some grace . for chrissake . guido ( doubtful ) the only movie I could make now would be ... I do not know ... would be about a man try to win back he wife . lilli sound perfect . ( after a beat ) the costume might not be so bad too . flash : light from a makeup mirror . a glimpse of a female eye apply false eyelash . flash : a man of the collar apply pancake makeup , while a cigarette dangle from he lip . Young guido , 9 , appear and whisper into guido 's ear . young guido we be ready to begin ! int . fantasy dressing room a surreal backstage , the cast of guido 's life , whore , model , schoolboy , priest , etc . a show about to begin . the music of " be italian / Folie bergere " play and build throughout . people run past with prop , light , etc . showgirl be hurry . a beautiful confusion . P. 91 ext . stage 5 , cinecitta - day guido pull up in he car outside the soundstage . he stop the engine , and sit for a moment in silence . summon he courage , he get out of the car . he be greet by pierpaolo . he seem to need and acknowledge he support . pierpaolo be tender . guido I can not remember how you do this . pierpaolo you will remember . int . fantasy dressing room the camera move through the backstage mayhem . mamma be in she dress room prepare . saraghina be share a dress room with a Priest . he be help with she corset . carla and luigi . carla fix she husband 's hair . Claudia and Stephanie smoke and talk . lilli adjust she own , and other man 's wardrobe . int . stage 5 , film set , cinecitta - day guido be in he element again , lock in passionate discussion with a actor and a actress . in he hand , a actual script . the set surround they be modest ; a tiny bedroom with a single window and rumple sheet . the vast film Italia have clearly give way to something smaller , and perhaps truer : the tale of a man and a woman . guido I do not want to say too much . the first way that we kill we film be by talk about it . but this scene be about reconciliation . and within the scene I would like you to try and find you way to begin that journey back towards each other . int . fantasy dressing room Young guido rush by the dress room . young guido Presto ! Presto ! take you place ! andiamo ! andiamo ! the dress room begin to empty . P. 92 int . stage 5 , film set , cinecitta - day from high above on the soundstage catwalk , Young guido watch older guido at work . guido ( continue to speak to he actor ) maybe it 's the most important building block that we have to begin again ... we start from the beginning each time and I feel today as if I be start from the beginning . we will just keep ask each other question , and do not look to I for the answer , okay ? on cue , Young guido open the door behind he and usher in the cast of guido' life . they enter with a sense of anticipation and excitement and arrange themselves on the staircase and scaffold that loom behind guido . they be all dress in angelic white . but guido be oblivious , focus instead on the task that lie ahead . he talk to he cameraman . put down he script . he take off he jacket and hang he glass off he sweater , stand contemplate the set in front of he . pierpaolo maestro , should I call final check ? guido yes . pierpaolo makeup , please ! final check ! a long wide pan reveal a tableau vivant loom behind guido like a glorious choir , he every muse , he every inspiration . they watch he as he begin to work . a part of he now and forever . guido sit on the crane . the soundstage door open , and we see a small figure slip quietly onto the set . tentatively , she step through the shadow . it 's luisa . from a discreet distance , she watch she husband return to he gift . pierpaolo call for silence . pierpaolo ( cont 'd ) alora . silencio per favore . silence please . ( to camera ) gyriamo . E alora motore ! P. 93 close up on the clapboard . working title : nine . dir : G. contini . as the clapboard strike . clapper loader Slate . at the last moment , Young guido run fast , down the maze of step , across the soundstage and jump onto the crane with guido as it begin to rise . luisa watch . as the last note play , the crane soar higher , carry guido up and up . guido action . CUT to black .