ninja assassin written by Matthew Sand &amp ; J. Michael straczynski revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 fade in : close on a horimono tattoo as it be be draw into flesh . the ink be needle into the surface of the skin , raw and bloody , the needle brush tapped with the precision of ritual . the tattoo be in the style of a kuniyoshi print : miyamoto musashi thrust he spear into the writhe dragon . the image have beauty but retain the violence require to saturate flesh with art . the skin canvas shift uncomfortably with the needle - work . hollywood fuck ! Fucking -shit-fuck-fucking - fuck ! pull back to reveal that we be in ... 1 int . tattoo parlor - night 1 a place of designer furniture , beautiful girl carry towel , tea and cigarettes . dozen of yakuza look on as the process continue , sleeve roll up or shirt off to expose the lavish tattoo that cover they torso . hollywood , the young yakuza member , be get he first tattoo , a relatively small one on he back . he grab a bottle of sake and suckle it like a baby . hollywood watch it , old man ! the old tattoo artist continue tapping he brush . maybe a little harder . hollywood ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ? you be do it wrong . tattoo artist the needle be do what the needle do . hollywood what 's that suppose to mean ? ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 2. 1 continued : 1 tattoo master the irezumi do not hide the skin , the tattoo reveal the nature of the man and illuminate the four noble profession in the Book of five ring : the warrior , the artist , the merchant , and the farmer . if there be a conflict between the needle and the skin , between the mark and the man , then perhaps the path you have choose be not the path for which you be suite . hollywood what do you just say , old man ? Hollywood whip he gun out and jam it under the old man 's jaw . hollywood ( cont 'd ) I know you do not just disrespect I , do you ? you that fuck stupid ? you disrespect I , and I will tattoo this ceiling with you fuck brain ! the old man speak with a kind of deference hone through year of service to man like Hollywood . tattoo master no disrespect . Hollywood smile . hollywood you be lucky . I can not kill you ' till you finish this thing . gimme that mirror ! how 's it look ? goons and girl all cluck they tongue in chorus . Hollywood peer at the new tat through the mirror . he whistle approval as yakuza one enter carry a origami envelope . hollywood ( cont 'd ) not bad . not bad . for a old fuck . yakuza one hey , boss . this just come for you . hollywood what be it ? ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 3. 1 continued : ( 2 ) 1 yakuza one a letter . hollywood so open it , dumb ass . he open the origami envelope , then hesitates at what he see . hollywood ( cont 'd ) what ? what be it ? he pour the content out into he hand . yakuza one look like sand . he taste it . yakuza one ( cont 'd ) yup. Sand . Black Sand . the tattoo master drop he brush . it clatter to the floor . tattoo master no ... hollywood you know what this be ? the artist barely nod . hollywood ( cont 'd ) wanna let we in on the joke ? tattoo master year ago , I watch a man open a envelope like that one . his eye pool with fury at the memory . tattoo master ( cont 'd ) there be many with he and they laugh like you laugh now . then it come from the shadow and they laughter be drown in blood . you can not bargain with what be come . you can not reason with it . because it be not a human be . it be a demon send straight from hell that will never stop until you be dead . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 4. 1 continued : ( 3 ) 1 hollywood what come out of the shadow ? tattoo master I can not say the word . hollywood what word ? he pull open he robe , revealing a hauntingly beautiful tattoo of a shinobi demon thrust its blade into a lump of scar tissue at the center of he heart . tattoo artist that night , one of they blade strike here . I should have die , but for a accident of birth . my heart be here , on the other side . Hollywood peer closer at the dark figure of the demon . hollywood what the fuck be that ? yakuza one look like a ninja , boss . hollywood a ninja ? be you kid I ? that 's the word you be afraid to say ? ninja ? as he start to laugh . hollywood ( cont 'd ) ninja-ninja-ninja ! his laughter be infectious . hollywood ( cont 'd ) you old fuck ! you have I go ! ninja . that 's some good shit . his Lieutenant laugh hard with he until the top of he head disappear , slice off from he jaw up , leave he tongue wag in space . light shatter around the room . Chaos ensue . the panicked scream of the flee entourage co-mingle in chorus with gruesome death rattles of Hollywood 's foot soldier as one by one , they be eviscerate . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 5. 1 continued : ( 4 ) 1 there 's a rush of movement , more feel than see . the whistle of sword through the air . cries and scream . gun that fire suddenly and be just as suddenly still . stay on the face of the tattoo master , barely visible in the thin trace of moonlight from a nearby window . frozen . immobile . as the kill continue around he . then : silence , break by the sound of heavy , desperate breathing , and a match be strike by Hollywood who look up -- -- and see a dark figure stand before he . everyone else be dead . only he and the tattoo master remain . the figure regards he with still silence . for perhaps the first time in he life , Hollywood be terrify . hollywood ( cont 'd ) listen ... you do not have to do this ! whatever you be get pay , I will triple it ! you hear I ! I will pay you whatever you want ! just name you price ! they answer be silence . Hollywood see he gun nearby . with a desperate scream , he throws the match in the air as he dive for he gun , grab one in each hand . there be a whistle of metal and suddenly he severe hand be tumble gracefully through the air . the blade swing again , slice through he body as if it be barely there , come out the other side as -- -- Hollywood 's body erupt as it fall in two piece , splattering the artist with blood . the match touch the floor and go out . the tattoo master do not move , have not move . frozen . tattoo artist but you be real , be not you ? after a moment , the ninja emerge into the moonlight , the way a shadow coalesc into a panther glide from the dark to inspect its kill . the artist do not move , but he eye widen , he heart pound in he ear . tattoo artist ( cont 'd ) for fifty - seven -year , I have tell you story ... ( more ) ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 6. 1 continued : ( 5 ) 1 tattoo artist ( cont 'd ) no one ever believe I . the ninja walk towards he , he step soundless . he crouch down , he eye take in the old man 's tattoo . tattoo artist ( cont 'd ) but you be real , be not you ? there 's the shing of a sword be unsheathed . the artist close he eye , anticipate death . silence . he wait for the death blow . it do not come . he finally force himself to open he eye . the ninja be go , have depart as silently as he come , leave death and blood in he wake . CUT to : 2 int . istanbul supermarket aisle - day 2 a roll of toilet paper drop into a cart . pull back to reveal raizo , 20 , slim and sinewy , he expression distant , almost haunt . he consider the toothpaste option for a moment , then drop in one of that too . move on to food . turkish muzak play in the background , a Beatles song , " helter skelter " by way of turkish musician . other shopper cruise past in they own private quest . raizo get quick , easy bachelor food : six egg , a single stick of butter , several handfuls of noodle package . 3 int . istanbul supermarket - check - out - moment later 3 raizo wait while the checker - a pretty young woman - tally up he grocery . checker that 's a lot of noodle . ( beat ) be you a student ? Tourist ? here on business ? raizo shake he head to all three . checker ( cont 'd ) when be the last time someone cook you a real meal ? ( beat ) I get off at seven . ( more ) ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 7. 3 continued : 3 checker ( cont 'd ) you could come by , let I make you a proper dinner ! she wink at he . very cute . raizo I do not think so . sorry . no smile . no emotion in raizo 's face . he pay in cash . he pick up the bag and start away when -- checker so if you be not a student , and you be not a tourist , and you be not here to work ... what be you do ? raizo wait . checker for what ? raizo for the wheel to turn . and he exit . 4 ext . istanbul , STREET - day 4 ancient gateway between Asia and Europe . minarets thrust up from the tangle street into the bright aegean sky . the street be crowded with bicycle , car and motorcycle as raizo make he way down a narrow sidewalk . ozunu ( v.o . ) wherever you be , wherever you may go .... 5 flashback - int . orphanage ozunu house - night 5 we be in a heavily shadow room , light with flicker candle as a older man , ozunu -- hard - edge and unforgive -- talk to he clan . ozunu ... you must never , ever forget who you be , how you come to be . you be ozunu . you be a part of I as I be a part of you . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 8. 5 continued : 5 beside he be a ten -year - old boy . his expression have the weight of stone . ozunu ( cont 'd ) this be the truth of you life and it will remain true after death . he push the boy forward . ozunu ( cont 'd ) this be my new son . I have give he the name raizo . welcome he as you brother . the clan mummer " welcome raizo " , bow they head . one head remain upright , look he in the eye . a girl roughly he own age . her name be kiriko . 5a int . europol office - day 5a * mika coretti , 30' , high - energy , a force of nature in * human form . she enter europol agent ryan maslow 's * office carry a armful of report . * maslow * what 's all this for the delgata * case ? * mika * no. this be delgata - * set she pile down and she hand he one folder from the * ton . * maslow * and the rest ? * mika * ... evidence . * maslow * for ? * her eye tell he . * maslow ( cont 'd ) * oh no . not again . * mika * you say you would take it serious * when I have serious evidence . * ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 8a . 5a continued : 5 a maslow * do that evidence include photo * of the Loch ness monster as well ? * he chuckle . she 's not laugh . * mika * you have trust my research before , * what 's the problem now Ryan ? * maslow * what 's the problem ? come on mika , * it 's like one of that question * on a iq test , which of this * do not belong ; laptop , space * shuttle , nanotechnology , ninjas . * mika * all I be ask for be a hour . * that 's all . give I a hour and * if you still think I be chase * ufo 's , I will walk out and you will * never hear another thing about * they . * he eye she . * maslow * why do I think I be go to regret * this ? * 6 int . istanbul apartment build - hall 6 on a door lock as he insert he key and hear : landlady ( o.s. ) oh , Mr. nan , good , you be back . raizo turn to he landlady , a older woman who look up at he from the top of the stairwell . landlady ( cont 'd ) we have a heating problem , and I have to go into you apartment . raizo nod , he expression not betray the sudden tightness in he chest at this information . raizo be everything all right ? ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 8b . 6 continued : 6 landlady yes , fine , it 's all fix . you keep it very dark and spare in there . raizo Ms. Ali , my privacy be very important to I . if you enter my apartment again without my permission , I will leave you building . landlady I just -- ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 9. 6 continued : ( 2 ) 6 raizo good day . he close the door behind he . 7 int . istanbul raizo' apartment - continuous 7 he stand on the other side of the door , surveying the room for a moment with severe , unforgive eye . the place be monastic , nothing decorative , or comfortable . then , in a quick series of cut , he check all of the secret place he hide thing . a drawer be flip over and a hide bottom open revealing weapon . a panel in the oven reveal he chain and blade . a hide compartment in he suitcase expose inky fold of fabric . he sift through they as we hear - ozunu ( v.o . ) you should have die . 8 flashback - int . orphanage dojo - day 8 raizo , breathe hard , stand over another young boy that he have just defeat in a fight . both be sweaty , dirty , scar . the other child be line up in perfect row , watch silently . most be boy , but a few be girl . one of they be kiriko , lithe and supple , a child 's eye haunt by a adult 's sorrow and knowledge . ozunu circle raizo as he regards he fall opponent . ozunu on the street . abandon by you parent . without a home . without people to care for you . you should have do as most child do , and go quietly from this world , to the next . ( beat ) but , instead you fight . as you do here today . you fight . and you win . as we track with ozunu , we see that raizo 's body be cover in scar . ozunu ( cont 'd ) scar be the calligraphy of violence , raizo . they inscribe the story of one 's life . ( more ) ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 10 . 8 continued : 8 ozunu ( cont 'd ) you survive because you be different . you be special . that be why you be here . that be why the great current , which flow beneath all life , carry you to I . back to : 9 ext . berlin - day 9 mid-day traffic , tourist strolling down wide avenue past war monument and street art . 10 ext . europol - day 10 just long enough to establish under : mika ( v.o . ) it 's a pattern , like the current of the ocean . 11 int . europol office - hallway - day 11 Close on a mound of bank record ; river of number cascade neatly down perforate spread sheet . * mika some people see money as the root of all evil , but to I it look like a fingerprint . whether we be talk about 19th century Korea , or 21st century Iraq , the game be the same . if you want to understand why certain thing be happen , you have to understand the flow of money . maslow you be excited , mika . you know I get nervous when you be excited . he would never admit it , but he enjoy watch she work , almost as much as he like poke she about it . mika you remember the eulmi incident ? * ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 11 . 11 continued : 11 maslow Korean queen , late eighteen - * hundred 's . accord to you , she be off would by one of this ninja clan . mika ozunu . I think . I have be go through some of the original transcript of the trial of kunitomo shigeaki . the prosecutor question he about a payment of 100 pound of gold . shigeaki answer that he do not know what the prosecutor be talk about . the question be never bring up again . but what pinge for I be the amount - the exact same amount rumor to be pay to the hattori clan for the assassination of Lord sanda . maslow so you start to wonder , in this ever change world , if the cost of a man 's life have remain constant . mika exactly . I figure this clan be like a thousand year old . they probably do not change a lot . she begin flipping through huge ream of bank record . mika ( cont 'd ) I start look at international wire transfer , target bank in the region of several high - profile assassination and bingo - the proverbial needle in a haystack ; a single wire transfer circle in red . mika ( cont 'd ) Minister Zhang . the day before the assassination $ 1,555,999.90 be transfer from the bank of shanghai . the exact market value of one hundred pound of gold . maslow highly circumstantial . * ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 12. 11 continued : ( 2 ) 11 mika I think you might say that so I check how often this particular bank transfer that market equivalent to a hundred pound of gold in the last three year . maslow let I guess . mika not once . he sift through the report . * maslow okay you get I . this be * interesting . * mika the clan be real , Ryan . they * steal child and turn they into * assassin . they have be do it * for year and nobody 's do a * damn thing to stop they . * maslow look , no one 's deny the historical record , mika . but the whole idea just do not fit in with a modern world . it 's like one of that question on a iq test : which of this do not belong in this sentence : laptop , space shuttle , nanotechnology , ninjas . mika they be real Ryan . you can call they spook , or assassin , or whatever you want if it make you feel better , but they be out there . they be kill people and nobody be do a damn thing to stop they . CUT to : goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 13. 12 int . istanbul laundromat - night 12 Close on token be ram down the mechanical throat of a wash machine . overhead , the fluorescent light strobe unevenly , the fixture old and in need of new bulb . raizo step back as the washer begin to cycle loudly , a wheezbox instrument that rattles , gurgle and groan . as he look at the machine we hear : ozunu we enemy be everywhere . 12a flashback - int . orphanage - day 12a ozunu stride among he child who be bathing , scrubbing themselves with evergreen . ozunu you must move without trace or * footprint . Young raizo pour water through evergreen onto clothes he be scrubbing . ozunu ( cont 'd ) you must become shadow ; you scent * nothing but wind through tree . * back to : 12b int . istanbul laundromat - night 12b a pretty young japanese woman , the only other customer , call to raizo as she stand beside one of the dryer . pretty woman hi ... excuse I ...? ( catch he eye ) would you mind ? raizo ... sorry ? she hand he one end of a freshly dry sheet . pretty woman if it 's not too much trouble , could you help I with this ? he smile and nod . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 13a . 12b continued : 12b they begin to fold , corner to corner , end to end . silently . the fluorescent strobing above they . we sense a strange tension between they as we realize they be alone in the midnight cleaner . he look at she . she smile . the uneven strobing on either side of the laundromat cast uneven shadow on she face ... almost as though she have two face . one light , one shadow . we extend the silence for a long beat until he look down at the sheet and say : raizo what clan be you from ? she glance up sharply . pretty woman I ... do not understand ... raizo you come alone . the ozunu clan would never make such a mistake . her eye react as suddenly a blade flash from beneath the sheet , reach for raizo 's throat . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 14 . 12b continued : ( 2 ) 12b he catch the blade in the sheet , twist it in she grip . she fight for control . a fury of slashes and the sheet be shred . 13 int . istanbul laundromat office - night . 13 the night manager be half -asleep , watch a Korean soap on Empress minute . when he hear a series of crash , he get up . 14 int . istanbul laundromat - night 14 he throw open the office door , wield a fire iron . manager what be go on - the space be empty , glow with fluorescent glare . one machine be thumping loudly . he cross to it . as he near it , bloody water begin bubbling up , flow over the top . 15 ext . curry -wurst stand berlin - day 15 ketchup splatter the chop meat . maslow and two coke , please . mika how long have you be here ? and you can not say " zwei cola bitte " ? maslow course I can , but you tend to hear more interesting thing if people do not know you can understand what they be say . mika do you ever stop be a cop ? maslow not the way I be raise . my dad always say , be a cop have nothing to do with a clock . it 's a consequence of consciousness often interprete as desire . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 15 . 15 continued : 15 mika desire ? maslow for justice . and doughnut . he smile as they move to one of the circular table . maslow ( cont 'd ) so you get something else ? mika I think so . same template as before . the transfer be make the day before a multiple homicide in osaka . the police and newspaper be call it a gangland slay . maslow how do you know what the police report say ? you be not still requisition evidence with my clearance code , be you ? she shake she head . lying . quickly sip she coke . maslow ( cont 'd ) good . mika what about the bank audit ? maslow denied . it be a long shot at best . mika but you say you find something . maslow a report . a friend of mine in Moscow , tip I to it . he slip a envelope from he briefcase and give it to she . maslow ( cont 'd ) it be write during the height of the cold War by a high rank kgb agent name Aleksei sabatin . in it , he raise the possibility that several political assassination be conduct by a ancient but very sophisticated network he call the nine clan . ( more ) ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 16 . 15 continued : ( 2 ) 15 maslow ( cont 'd ) mind you , he do not call they ninjas . mika what happen to he ? maslow same thing that 's go to happen to I , if I keep hang around with you - boot out of the service for mental instability . mika be he still alive ? we need to find he . maslow work on it . mika you believe it now , do not you ? he scoff . maslow ninjas ? be you kid ? mika then why be you do this ? maslow no idea - he finish he soda and take he garbage to the can . maslow ( cont 'd ) but I can guarantee you that it have nothing to do with the fact that you be the most attractive researcher that I have ever work with . he smile and turn before she flush a bright shade of red . 16 int . istanbul raizo' apartment - day 16 a teapot begin to sing . raizo pour the boil water into a plastic bowl of noodle . he cover the bowl and wait a moment for the soup to cook . as he stare , we hear . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 17 . 16 continued : 16 ozunu ( v.o . ) the body must obey the will . * 17 flashback - int . orphanage kitchen / dine room - day 17 several of the young member of the clan be sit at the table , about to eat . ozunu stand before they . he remove a small blade from inside he robe . place the blade against he palm . ozunu Hunger and thirst , you bowel and * breath , even the blood in you * vein , be the body 's weakness . * the knife slice down along he palm , open a split ; the flesh part , yet no blood flow . ozunu ( cont 'd ) master they , and you master the self . he close he fist . ozunu ( cont 'd ) this be the power of the ozunu clan . he concentrate , squeezing he hand tightly until he open it revealing that the wound have close . ozunu ( cont 'd ) this be the way of the ninja . the child look at each other , except for raizo who stare at ozunu . ozunu ( cont 'd ) eat tonight and you work twice as * hard tomorrow . ozunu leave . the child look at the soup , they mouth water . all around , the older ozunu clan member eat noisily . one of the child can not resist any longer and begin scoop up the noodle . in short order , other do the same . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 18. 17 continued : 17 all except for raizo , who set down he chopstick . willing himself not to be hungry . 17a back to scene 17a the grow raizo look at he soup . we can not tell if he be go to eat or not . ozunu the world feed on the weak . 18 flashback - int . orphanage ozunu house - nightingale 18 floor - night Young raizo stand in the central chamber of the compound . the floor beneath he bare foot be make of thousand of carefully mitre piece of gleam wood laid down in a intricate pattern . they be not , however , glue down to the floor . the slight wrong move will make they shift noisily . this be we first look at the nightingale floor . ozunu suffer exist only because * weakness exist . ozunu watch from the far side of the room as raizo take he first step . carefully . graceful as any dancer . he make no sound . ozunu ( cont 'd ) you must hate all weakness . hate * it in other , but most of hate it * in yourself . he take another step , and another . each soft as a fall feather . he be a third of the way across the floor - he body gleam with sweat - when he step wrong and the floor sing beneath he . raizo stop , a flash of panic in he eye . then he subdue the emotion and obediently lift the offend foot , hold it out as ozunu rise and approach . ozunu lay open raizo 's foot with a bamboo rod . slash blow that leave deep cut . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 18a . 18 continued : 18 raizo 's expression hardly change . ozunu return to he place , and raizo start walk again , make no noise , and leave no trace of he passage ... ... except for a trail of small , bloody footprint . 19 flashback - int . orphanage dormitory - night 19 the same evening . most of the child in this place sleep on mat in the same room . they be exhaust , silent , motionless . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 19 . 19 continued : 19 we find raizo and though he make no sound , he eye show silent tear of pain , he foot still bleed and bruise . kiriko look on from she mat for a long , silent beat , know the agony he be in . then , as if come to a inner decision , she reach under she mat for a leaf into which a thick salve have be fold . she cross the few foot to raizo 's mat and , as he watch in silent agony , she put she finger to she lip , then kneel down -- -- and begin apply the salve to he foot . within moment , we can see the pain leave he eye . finish quickly , she fold the remain salve back into the leaf , exchange a quick , furtive glance with raizo , then head back for she mat . he lay there for a beat , confuse as to whether he diminish pain be a good thing . then he turn to look at kiriko , but she lay with she back to he , apparently asleep . he regards she silently for a moment , then roll over himself to sleep as we come around to -- -- the other side of kiriko , and see that she be very much awake , almost smile . she close she eye . CUT to : 20 int . mika' apartment - night 20 the apartment be dark as mika enter and turn on the light . she look the place over , then go room to room , turn on every light in the place . the practice way she do it make it clear she do this every night . satisfied she 's alone , she go into the bedroom to change . 21 int . mika' apartment - bedroom - moment later 21 mika be curl up in a chair and with kgb report . she turn a page and see a photocopy draw of a very intricate floor that we now recognize as the nightingale floor . she read the caption beneath it . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 20 . 21 continued : 21 sabatin ( v.o. ) ( Russian accent ) historical evidence suggest that ibn-battuta 's journey through the far east bring he into contact with what might be one of the oldest of the nine clan . he travel with a group of orphan that be be take from a city devastate by war to the shido of the ozunu clan . the people of the surround province refer to the shido as " the orphanage . " 22 flashback - int . orphanage dojo 22 we see battuta , the 14th century Muslim explorer sit among the original leader of the ozunu clan , watch two child fight . sabatin ( v.o. ) battuta describe a ceremonial dinner follow by a display of martial skill . the combatant be child neither beyond the age of ten . battuta mask he revulsion as the battle continue until one child beat the other to death . small fist gleam with blood as one boy pummel the other . sabatin ( cont 'd ) his host explain that a man' life must be make meaningless compare to the life of the clan . own the meaning of a man 's life and you own he heart . 22a back to scene 22 a slowly the light in the bedroom hallway go out . she freeze , and the world seem to freeze with she . she do not move , do not breathe . she force herself to sit slowly up , reach under she bed for a cricket bat . a car drive by outside . could be nothing . could be everything . despite she fear , she edge toward the door . slowly peer around it . the darken hall be empty . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 21 . 22a continued : 22a there be a tick sound , like someone tapping at a window . could be a tree in the wind . could be something else . she move slowly through she apartment . every shadow could conceal unseen eye . she come to the end of the hall , where the overhead light be out . she flick the switch on and off . nothing . she reach carefully toward the light bulb . tap it . the bulb rattles , it 's just burn out . she breathes a sigh of relief . then she notice -- -- that the live room window be open , the blind gently sway from the wind , tapping against the sash . she close it and lock it . look to she desk , concerned . do she leave the window open ? or be something go on . she go to she desk , anxious , to check on something . she open a drawer , revealing a box of tampax . pull out the tampax to reveal a key ... a place no guy would think to check . she unlock a drawer and take out a unmark dvd in a slim plastic case . relieved , she start to put it away ... then stop . be it the same dvd ? she move os . moment later ... the tv be switch on , and a image begin to play , revealing a time code security camera , recording a urban street corner in Japan . the tape be riddled with digital noise and artifact . then , slowly , the digital noise seem to coalesce , to grow shape . the shadow come to life . then with incredible speed two dark figure start battle it out , they blade strike spark that be still descend after they have slip back into the shadow . they emerge over and over , brief flash of clarity like the perfect arc of a calligrapher 's brush describe the wing of a bird . fight. retreat . silence . shadows . spark . mika hit the pause button and move closer to the screen , examine the figure . one of the figure be wear a mask , but the face of the other combatant be reveal , albeit somewhat obscure by the dim light and digital noise . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 22. 22a continued : ( 2 ) 22 a as we push in , we see that it 's raizo . but she do not know that name yet . mika ... who be you ? she stare at the fierce beauty of he face and touch the screen gently . 22 aa int . istanbul raizo' apartment - day 22 aa close on a bed of nail ; sixteen penny nail arrange in perfect row point up , the sharp tip catch the light . as we reveal raizo he breathe be rhythmic and deep , but this be really the first time we have hear he sound like he be strain . as we continue to widen , we discover the reason for this : he be do handstand push-up . on the nail . over and over , with little apparent effort . the hard edge and line of he body catch the light , like the tip of the nail , as we hear : ozunu ( v.o . ) strength be the only virtue that nature respects . 22ab flashback - int . orphanage - day 22 ab Children be sharpen they weapon . ozunu walk above they . ozunu hone you body . sharpen you mind . become the weapon you will need to survive . Young raizo look up and see young kiriko look at he . she smile . he look back to he weapon . 22b ext . istanbul - STREET - day 22b raizo walk down a street where repair work be be do . to keep car from fall into the hole , they have cover the street with big steel plate . as the car and truck pass over the plate , they make a bump - thump sound . bump -thump , bump -thump , bump -thump . we push in on raizo under that sound . goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 22a . 23 flashback - ext . orphanage bonsai garden - day 23 kiriko be work in the bonsai garden . raizo watch she silently for a moment notice that she be secretly loosen the wire , let the branch ease back into they natural shape . he whisper . raizo you should not do that . it 's against the rule . if they catch you -- kiriko then they catch I . raizo they will put you in the box . kiriko yes , they will . she finish release the branch . kiriko ( cont 'd ) I believe the heart of the tree know which way it need to grow . raizo tree do not have heart . kiriko everything have a heart . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 23. 23 continued : 23 raizo I do not . there 's sadness and bitterness in he eye . he 's close off to the world , become what they want . she will not let that happen . kiriko really ? let I see . he hesitates , then approach . kneel down beside she . she reach toward he . he flinch ... a sword he can handle , but kindness have become something foreign ... then allow she to undo the top button of he shirt . she press she ear to he chest . listen . then she gently whisper to it . kiriko ( cont 'd ) hello .... hello , you in there . she listen again . kiriko ( cont 'd ) it 's say hello back . and that it 's happy to meet I ... but it miss you . raizo smile despite himself . raizo liar . kiriko listen to mine , I be not lie . I will prove it . again , he hesitates . then he lean in , and listen to she heart . bump -thump . bump -thump . she smile . kiriko ( cont 'd ) hello . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 24 . 23 continued : ( 2 ) 23 he look up at she , he ear still to she chest . and for the first time , he face soften . bump -thump . bump - thump . bump -thump . 23a back to scene 23a in the present as the traffic bounce past raizo . bump - thump . bump -thump . bump-thump . his eye sadden with memory , he continue on he way . 24 int . mika' office - night 24 mika be at she computer do what she do best : intuitively sifting through interconnected thread of information . search through what be know about ibu-battuta , she discover information concern the lose chapter of the " rihla , " supposedly destroy sometime in the 15th century . she remain immerse until a sound grow louder and louder . a vacuum cleaner . she check the time . very late . she look up and find two eye watch she through the crack in she open door . startle she get up while the eye quickly disappear . in the hallway , a older asian man be push the vacuum cleaner . mika Excuse I ? Excuse I ? he shut it off , turn to she . mika ( cont 'd ) where 's jona ? he seem not to understand she . mika ( cont 'd ) jona . the usual cleaner . jona . asian man ahh , jona . jona sick . mika oh. well , tell he I hope he feel better ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 25 . 24 continued : 24 asian man take care . you should take care . mika ... what ? asian man work so late . not good for you . she smile sheepishly . mika true ... thanks . 25 ext . berlin STREET - night . 25 mika walk down the empty street , the sound of she heel slap against the stone building . the shadow seem to stalk she . she hear a faint sound like metal claw against glass . she stop and listen try to see into the dark . mika ... be someone there ? 26 int . istanbul raizo' apartment - day 26 raizo be practice he chain form . we begin to hear the sound of another fight . goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 26 . 27 flashback - int . orphanage dojo - night 27 raizo , be fight with takeshi , a few year older , in a room light by hundred of hang torch . armed with katanas , the boy duck , dodge and weave around the burn obstacle as they fight . they be both extremely agile , they body move with the impossible flexibility of youth . kiriko watch along with the other member of the clan . if she feel anything as she watch the fight , we cannot tell . they perform a vicious series of combination , then takeshi 's sword crack against raizo 's head , open a huge gash . raizo hit the ground hard , blood speckling the mat . takeshi back away as ozunu step in . as blood flow down the side of he face , raizo look like the young boy that he be . pain throbs from the wound , and he begin to cry . ozunu do takeshi 's blow hurt you ? you * think this be pain ? you be * mistaken . * he gouge three finger into the boy 's stomach and twist something inside of he . raizo scream . his scream smear into uncontrollable sobbing . ozunu ( cont 'd ) that be true pain . you must learn * to live with it . he step back , leave raizo writhe in agony . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 27 . 27 continued : 27 ozunu ( cont 'd ) this be you first test . survive * the night . he signal to the rest of the clan and they all begin to leave . kiriko be the last to turn away . time CUT : later . night . raizo be still where we leave he , a twisted knot of pain , he face stain with tear and crust with snot . he be try to control he breath , at first without success . then slowly , finally , it begin to ease . his hand , twisted into a kind of rigor mortis , slowly begin to relax , open like a lotus flower . time CUT : Dawn break over the wall , as ozunu return to the dojo to find raizo be sit in a full lotus , completely calm , the wound already beginning to heal . ozunu show a hint of a smile . ozunu ( cont 'd ) very good , raizo . very good . 28 omitted 28 29 ext . riverside park - day 29 they be walk . maslow be nervous . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 28. 29 continued : 29 maslow last night I be work late and I get a visit . guy name Zabranski . Works upstairs for Internal affair . just drop by . in the neighborhood - cup a sugar - how ya doin - kinda thing . ask what I be work on . oh , this and that , usual blibbity blab , I tell he . then he smile and say - 30 flashback - int . maslow' office - night 30 Zabranski be lean against the door jam . zabranski ... very good . his faint smile remind we of ozunu . 31 ext . riverside park - day 31 maslow I do not understand what be really go on , but I be smart enough to recognize a warning when I see one . mika but why ? maslow why ? it 's obvious . if you little fantasy have even slight chance of be real , then this nine clan would have some pretty major juice protect they . mika what be you go to do ? maslow we be go to tip -toe , very carefully from here on out . you understand ? you do not do anything else without check with I . get it ? she nod . mika do you find sabatin yet ? ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 29 . 31 continued : 31 maslow be not sure he want to answer she . mika ( cont 'd ) you do . maslow yeah ... he 's dead . mika how ? maslow heart attack . mika they kill he . maslow people die of heart attack , mika . mika be he marry ? do he have a family ? maslow God , you be relentless , be not you . mika I know you Ryan , you would have check . maslow a wife . mika still in Russia ? maslow relocated . mika where ? he pull a fold piece of paper from he jacket . maslow explain something to I first . where be this obsession come from ? what start this whole thing ? she think . flash CUT . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 30 . 31 continued : ( 2 ) 31 we see mika reach out to touch raizo 's face . CUT back . she shrug . mika like you father say ... it 's a consequence of consciousness often interprete as desire . maslow desire for what ? mika for the truth . he shake he head , hand she the paper . mika ( cont 'd ) potsdam . she 's in Berlin . mika shoot off as maslow call - maslow mika ! tip-toe ! she take several exaggerated tip - toe step . CUT to : 32 int . istanbul raizo' apartment - night 32 a shuriken blade grind against a whetstone as raizo sharpen the weapon with practice grace ... despite be blindfolded . sunlight be hold back by vertical blind . when he finish , he stand , a rodin sculpt out of midnight . we realize there be wooden block place around the room . in he palm , a single shuriken abruptly fan into many like a deck of card . suddenly he arm whip around as the shuriken crack and split the thick wooden target . he stand alone , still blindfolded . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 31 . 32 continued : 32 ozunu ( v.o . ) this next five year will be the most important of you training . 33 flashback - int / ext . orphanage dojo / veranda - night 33 one of the older ninjas be wrapping raizo 's eye with a sticky gauze , like the tape use to wrap horse 's leg . mr. ozunu for a entire year , you shall live without one of you sense , beginning with the sense you rely on the most : you sight . 34 flashback - int . orphanage dojo - night 34 takeshi 's sword slide from one position to another as ozunu look on . raizo , blindfolded , react to the sound , match he posture a fraction of a second later . ozunu a true shinobi life in darkness . the night be he weapon . * takeshi attack again . while raizo elude or block several blow , for every two he manage to block , another connect . ozunu ( cont 'd ) you must see with more than you * eye . * raizo get up , slowly release the tension in he jaw . he take he position again , and this time the stance be easy , he expression softer . this time , as takeshi come at he , everything become clear . the whistle of the blade . the zip of the leg sweep against the tatami mat . the sound of he robe . Combined with takeshi 's unmistakable body odor raizo have everything he need to dodge , slip and counter . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 32. 34 continued : 34 his chain strike , wrapping a ankle , throw a stunne takeshi to the wall . kiriko try to hide she smile . ozunu nod in appreciation . raizo nod back , as if he can see without eye . 35 flashback - int . orphanage dormitory - night 35 Young raizo , still blindfolded be in bed . try to sleep , but it 's impossible . takeshi 's snore do not help . he turn slightly towards kiriko , as she chest rise and fall , she breath as rhythmic as and gentle as the lap of sea-water in a tidal pool . he begin to breathe in sync with she , perhaps in hope it will relax he . slowly , all the other sound in the room go away , until only she breathe , and he , remain . there be the slight murmur of they heart . then she open she eye ... and smile at he because he can not see she . but he hear she heart begin to beat faster and that bring a faint smile to he lip . they listen to each other 's breathe grow heavier , the sound of they heart beat faster and faster . her lip part as she make the tiniest movement ... tilting she pelvis up , rub she hip ever so slightly against the blanket - it 's like tectonic plate shifting for raizo . bump -thump , bump -thump , bump -thump they heart grow louder and louder as they become - 36 ext . potsdam - sabatin home - day 36 mika knock . the cold war widow open the door . mika Mrs. sabatin ? mrs . sabatin ja. mika I be with europol . we speak on the phone . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 33. 36 continued : 36 she nod . mrs . sabatin ( step aside ) ah , sehr gut . bitte ... please . mika shoen . mika enter . 37 int . sabatin home - day 37 sabatin and mika sit across from each other . the house have the chill of loneliness . tea have be set out between they . mrs . sabatin you say you read my husband 's report , yes ? what do you think ? mika I find it ... illuminate . especially the reference to the rihla . you husband quote passage not find in battuta 's present manuscript . mrs . sabatin my husband journey all over the world research that report , but when he be home , he never speak about it . he say it be safer that way . mika I understand the report cause some problem for he inside the kgb . mrs . sabatin the report cause " problem " for alexei 's career the way mose cause problem for the pharaoh , you see ? very unpleasant . terrible people say terrible thing . she pour tea , the harsh memory still fresh . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 34 . 37 continued : 37 mrs . sabatin ( cont 'd ) after he retire ... be ask to retire ... we move , first to byelorussia and then here to Berlin when the wall come down . he say this will be a good place to grow old together . and it be , for a time . mika what happen ? she look off , shake she head . mrs . sabatin about two year ago ... two ? yes , after the assassination of Zhukov , the report draw attention . after that , everything be different . 38 flashback - ext . sabatin home - day 38 as alexei supervise , workmen install lock , put in fencing material , hang light and video camera on the outside of the house . mrs . sabatin ( v.o . ) alexei hire man to change all the lock , and put in more of they . lock on the window , lock on the door , lock on the lock . he put in camera and motion sensor and light ... everywhere , light . the light SNAP on , illuminate the back of the house with brilliant klieg light . mrs . sabatin ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) " there can be no shadow , " he say . " no shadow . " 38a back to scene 38a closer on Mrs. sabatin as she look down at she tea . mrs . sabatin I will tell you a true thing , and a hard thing . my husband be a soldier . a member of Russian intelligence . he have see many terrible thing .... ( beat ) he be not a man to frighten easily . ( more ) ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 35 . 38a continued : 38a mrs . sabatin ( cont 'd ) but from that day on , when the sun go down behind the hill ... in he eye , I see the fear a child have of the dark . ( beat ) then , one day , a man come to the door . 39 flashback - int / ext . sabatin house - day 39 we be over the shoulder of someone who could be raizo or takeshi as the door open revealing alexei . after a moment alexi invite the man in . a security camera watch they enter the house . mrs . sabatin ( v.o . ) they talk in alexei 's study for sometime . then the young man leave . Mrs. sabatin watch the young man leave then hurry toward the study door . mrs . sabatin ( cont 'd ) it be unlike alexei not to see he out . I remember be very scared . but when I open the door , he be just sit there . for a moment , he do not even notice I . then he stand up and kiss I and tell I that he love I very much . he say I should always remember that . we see alexei look shell - shocked , eye hollow , as he stand and kiss he wife . his eye begin to shimmer with tear but before he cry , he leave . 39a back to scene 39 a mika do you know what they talk about ? mrs . sabatin no. alexei never speak about it . but two month later , he be dead . mika can I ask how he die ? goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 36 . 40 flashback - ext . sabatin house - night 40 the light have come on outside he house . alexei come out , a gun in hand , shield he eye . search for whatever set off the automatic light . then , suddenly : darkness . and sudden movement in the shadow that lunge toward alexei . 40a as Mrs. sabatin shake she head , look away . shrugs. 40 a mrs . sabatin the light go out . she look to mika . that say it all . she rise . mrs . sabatin ( cont 'd ) you be the first person who have take my husband 's work seriously . it would be good to know that he do not die without cause . come with I . mika follow she into -- -- a adjoin room , where Mrs. sabatin pull the bottom drawer of a bureau out and set it on the floor . from the darkness she remove a metal box . mrs . sabatin ( cont 'd ) he would want you to have this . 41 int . istanbul raizo' apartment - day 41 raizo sit alone . cross - legge on the floor . utterly still . there 's a ocean of sound swirl around he . the cacophony of instanbul evening rush hour . raizo start to build a dam ; auricular sandbag laid one by one , walling off the outside world . the traffic outside - horn , engine , squealing tire , rattling truck chassis - all fade away . people shouting , sing . a couple next door make love . a baby wail . jackhammer pound ... slowly , the world fade away , until there be only one sound . faint , familiar , but almost too quiet to hear ... ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 37 . 41 continued : 41 raizo 's heartbeat . he listen to it . meditate on its simple rhythm ... until a sound explode in the room , it be a sound we have not hear in he apartment - a phone . he rise slowly as the phone continue to ring . he answer it silently wait for something - the line click and go dead . 42 ext . istanbul STREET souk - day 42 raizo walk through the crowded market . shopper , salesmen and tourist fill the narrow aisle between the stall . five child - who we see only from the back - run past . shout laugh . the last one jostle against raizo as he go by . raizo keep walk , but he be hold a envelope in he hand . he slip it into he pocket . 43 ext . istanbul STREET - day 43 raizo open the envelope as he cross the street . there 's a square of paper inside , and a photograph . on the paper be a street address in Berlin . the photograph be a close - up of a woman 's face ... mika . 44 int . mika' apartment - live room - day 44 Close on the box . it sit on she desk , call as another box once call to pandora . she open it . Inside be a series of cataloge photograph take in the style of 1970 's archeologist ( like that of the dead sea scroll ) of the lose chapter of ibn-battuta . the scroll contain he 14th century Islamic write and several sketches . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 38 . 44 continued : 44 there be also a very rough map that suggest the location of the orphanage . image of the orphanage , of the child training and they ordeal , bloody combat , ritual binding , beating on the nightingale floor . there be a scroll that she unroll revealing the lineage tree of the nine clan . also in the box be a single vhs tape . she push the tape into the player . it 's a recording of a surveillance camera stare at the front of the sabatin house . a man walk up to the house and ring 's the bell . we can not see he face . sabatin open the door . they exchange word . sabatin seem wary but invite the man in . mika do not understand why this be significant . she hit fast forward until she see a flash as the man exit . she stop , rewind and play it again . * as he step out of the shadow of the house , she see he face - it be raizo . she be startle when someone pound on the door . it seem like it might rattle off its hinge as she hurry to open it revealing - maslow and he 's not happy . maslow ( o.s. ) you lie to I . he push into the room and slam the door behind he . mika what be you -- maslow I tell you to stop use my confirmation code . mika I do -- maslow dammit , mika -- * ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 39 . 44 continued : ( 2 ) 44 mika ... I be sorry , it be the only way * I could get the evidence . * maslow shit .... mika what happen ? maslow what happen ? everything 's fuck happen . he try to dial it down , succeed , but only a little . maslow ( cont 'd ) when you be slapping my code all over town like some phone number in a bathroom , do you happen to notice the classification code on the case you be digging through ? she know . maslow ( cont 'd ) what do it say ? mika ( quietly ) dnp . maslow that 's right . dnp . do not fucking pursue ! mika ( quietly ) actually that would be dnfp -- 45 flash -image - int . maslow' office - afternoon 45 we see man and woman in dark suit , they expression deadly serious , toss through everything he have in the place . 45a back to scene 45 a maslow right now there be people from internal affair , CIA , homeland Security and for all I know the martian Fucking military in my office tear the place apart . ( more ) ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 40 . 45a continued : 45a maslow ( cont 'd ) I do not know what they be look for but I think you do . she shift nervously , no poker face . she turn and lead he into she home office . with the key from the tampax box she open the drawer . maslow watch as she pull out the content of sabatin 's box as well as the illegally requisition evidence . mika most of this be from sabatin . copy of what I think be the lose chapter of the rihle . I think it describe the original location of the ozunu clan but my 14th century Arabic be a little rusty . maslow and this ? meaning the dvd . mika that 's how it start . I make a mistake , mix up the case code and they send I that . a moment later the dvd be play , raizo and the other ninja dance through the shadow . maslow ... Christ . mika yeah . I know . I do not understand why they be fight though . it could be a clan war . maslow start to put it together . maslow so you requisition this by accident . you use my code which be why you do not want to show I this . which be also why they be tear apart my office right now . mika I be sorry Ryan . you have to know I do not mean for you to get in trouble ... ( more ) ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 41 . 45a continued : ( 2 ) 45 a mika ( cont 'd ) I just think if this be real , if this clan be kill people , you know , it be we job to try to stop they . he eye she . mika ( cont 'd ) be not that what you dad would do ? maslow okay , that 's low . mika look , I know I break the rule . I will explain what I do and accept the consequence . maslow very noble of you but I have get the feel this be not a slap - on - the wrist kinda consequence . let I take this and try to make some sense of this shitstorm you start . in the meantime , you will not say anything to anybody . capiche ? she nod . 46 int . passport control airport - day 46 Close on raizo 's fake passport . passport official be you come to Berlin for business or pleasure Mr. han raizo smile raizo pleasure . 47 int . mika' office - day 47 she 's at she computer , study a topographical map of Japan , try to relate the ibu-battuta 's draw to it . suddenly she realize she be not alone ; Zabranski be lean against the door jam . he smile . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 42. 47 continued : 47 zabranski Boy you be like a dog with a bone on that computer be not you ? mika Excuse I ? who be you ? he reach across she desk . zabranski agent Zabranski . Internal affair . need to ask you a couple of question . you be mika coretti , yeah ? she nod , she gut clenching . he pull out a small notebook . zabranski ( cont 'd ) Forensic researcher . you work a lot with a agent ... maslow . that right ? mika ... a few case . zabranski you have something of a social relationship . mika what ? zabranski you have lunch with he on the 13th and again on the 18th . mika how do you know that ? zabranski be it not true ? mika I ... I be not sure . we do have lunch together sometimes , usually when we be work - zabranski be you work on something with he right now ? a beat . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 43. 47 continued : ( 2 ) 47 mika no ... not right now . zabranski have agent maslow seem different lately , in any way ? have he do or say anything that strike you as unusual ? mika no why . have agent maslow do something ? he smile in the way a piranha might smile if it could . zabranski just routine . the agency care about its field operative . we monitor for sign of stress , fatigue , mental exhaustion . agent maslow have a serious case load . that much work can wear on a man . he leave . she get up and close she door . she grab she phone and call maslow . maslow ( v.o. ) this be Ryan maslow . leave a number - she disconnect then text . text : 911 . call I . m 48 int . parking garage - night 48 it be later . the garage be a gyre of shadow . mika walk towards she car . the fluorescent light flicker and go out . she stand in the dark . mika come on ... you be kid I . it flicker back on . she continue to she car . 49 int . parking garage car - night 49 she get in as a shadow leap to life behind she . she start to scream when she realize it 's - ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 44 . 49 continued : 49 maslow . maslow ssssshhhhhh . sorry , mika . mika Fucking Christ , Ryan - maslow I could not talk earlier . they be watch I . mika Zabranski come to my office . ask about you . he nod . maslow I know how sabatin must have feel . mika what happen ? maslow I show jamison the material . mika what do he say ? 50 int . jamison be office - day 50 a typical autocrat . jamison this agency be subject to the International law and agreement that govern the jurisdiction of we authority . if a case be mark dnp we must respect the jurisprudence of the regional government and act accordingly . maslow I understand that sir but - jamison let I be clear , agent maslow . in the eye of the law this material do not exist . if so , than there be no case and if there be no case there be no reason for this conversation to continue . goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 45 . 51 int . parking garage car - night 51 mika he take the material ? maslow come on mika , how could he take something that do not exist ? he could not . which mean that I could not copy it either , and if I could not copy it than I can not be violate international law and agreement by still have it . she like this guy . mika what be we go to do ? maslow you go to go home . pack you bag and go on holiday . mika no way - maslow do not fuck argue with I , mika . I trust you . now you have get to trust I . mika Ryan , I can not let you lose you job because of I - maslow I be not talk about my job , mika . he hand she a Glock and two spare clip . maslow ( cont 'd ) take this . it 's clean , no serial number . untraceable . mika I have never even fire one of this . maslow ( point ) this be the bad end . this be the end you hold . Point , shoot , run like hell . he also give she a phone . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 46 . 51 continued : 51 maslow ( cont 'd ) I be go to try to find some help . until then , I need you go . do not tell anyone where you be go , just go . use this phone to text I when you get there , or if you have any problem . mika Ryan ... maslow I know . it 's unbelievable . I have investigate , world bank official , drug cartel , arm dealer , and I have never face this kind of heat . for ninjas . Fucking unbelievable ! he shake he head and slip out the door . 52 ext . mika' apartment build - night 52 mika park she car around the corner from the apartment building , get out and start down the street when she see -- -- the apartment building and the one next door be dark . candle and flashlight be visible in some of the apartment window , a scatter of neighbor congregate outside . mika approach a neighbor . mika hey .... neighbor hi. mika what happen ? neighbor power 's out . we , the building behind we , that one across the street . seem like every few month , boom , the light out . I call , I complain , they listen ... nothing get do . so I sit out here , at least it 's cool . mika look up at the building , scared but not ready to believe that ninjas be responsible for everything . she pull a tiny LED flashlight out of she bag and start into the building . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 47 . 52 continued : 52 neighbor ( cont 'd ) watch you step . mika you be not the first person to give I that advice today .... and she continue into -- 53 int . mika' apartment build stairwell - night 53 -- where she climb the step , each creak add to the possibility of attract trouble . on the pass floor , we hear door be open and shut , footstep , the distant murmur of voice . could be nothing . could be everything . she press on . 54 int . mika' apartment - moment later 54 she open the door to she apartment , shine the tiny light ahead of she . shadows chase each other across the room as she swing the light one way , then another . there seem to be no one else in the place . but as she hurry into she home office , we see -- a shadow move behind she . as she pack she begin to hear something , a tapping . the same sound she hear before . she pull the gun from she purse . with the flashlight spearing the darkness , she go to she office . again the window be open , the blind gently blow against the sash . she be certain the window have be lock . now every shadow be alive . she rush back to she bedroom aim in every direction . her flashlight find she suitcase . on the top of she clothes she see it : a envelope . perfectly center . setting the gun down , she pick up the oragami-folded envelope . open it with a shaking finger . Black sand spill out . terror steal she breath . behind she , a shadow tilt and reveal the eye of a ninja . before she can even move , a blade flash from the darkness , head for she neck - ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 48. 54 continued : 54 another shadow block the blade , knock mika over the bed . the sound of a fight erupt all around she but the combatant be almost invisible in the surround darkness . her flashlight catch glimpsis . impossibly fast , lethal predator try to kill each other . she crawl towards the spill content of she suitcase , towards the gun . another blow arc for she and be again block . her hand find the handle of the gun . she point into the dark , fire . the gun flash strobe the room , freezing the two ninjas in the blink of a flashbulb . they move towards she until a kick send she gun fly . she can feel they fight very close to she and when she find they with she flashlight , a blade be strike deep - blood erupt . one shadow fall to the ground . the other turn towards she . her flashlight shake as the ninja reach up and remove he mask . it be raizo . he see in she eye that she know he . raizo you know I ? she nod . raizo ( cont 'd ) how ? mika ... security camera in New York . * record you fight ... one of * they . * she glance at the dead ninja . * raizo * you know about they ? * mika a little . * ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 48a . 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 he wait . * mika ( cont 'd ) * uhh -- well , there be this * clan ... we be not sure how many . * raizo * nine . * mika * okay . nine . nine clan . and * they apparently have be * supplying assassin to government * or anyone who happen to have one * hundred pound of gold lie * around for the last thousand * year . give or take . * he nod faintly . then turn to he dead " brother " . * raizo * his name be jin . * mika * you know he ? * raizo * he be not bear a " assassin " . * she look at the dead body . * mika * ... you be from he clan ? * his nod be almost imperceptible . * mika ( cont 'd ) * then ... why do you stop he ? * raizo * the clan have three kind of * people ! people with power . * people with money . or people * hunt they . * ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 49 . 54 continued : ( 3 ) 54 he hear something she can not . she start to speak , and * he stop she with a gesture . raizo ( cont 'd ) * they be come . mika who ? raizo the hanta -kirra . mika do that mean what I think it mean ? raizo they will not stop until you be * dead . * mika oh god . * she look for she gun . raizo the gun will not help you . mika I do not have a lot of option okay . I once take a tae bo class , but that 's the extent of my kung fu ability . raizo I can help but you must tell I * something first . mika what ? raizo you see Ms. sabatin . * mika * how do you know that ? * raizo * I have be watch you , wait * for they . * she try to compute the idea that he 's be follow * she . * ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 50 . 54 continued : ( 4 ) 54 raizo ( cont 'd ) * do she give you something ? * she nod , raizo 's eye lite up . raizo ( cont 'd ) * you have they ? shake she head " no . " mika but I can get they . he hear something else . raizo we need something black . hurry ! * she run with the flashlight to a bureau . Inside be a black tablecloth . he pull she shoe off . raizo ( cont 'd ) follow I . step where I step . 55 int . mika' apartment build stairwell - night 55 he lead she down through the stairwell of the large walk up . she follow he step by step . suddenly he pull she into the corner of a doorway . wrapping the tablecloth around they , they melt into darkness . beneath the wrap , he put he hand over she mouth and nose stop she breath . outside after a long beat a ninja 's foot silently glide past , climb the stair . Inside he release she nose . before she can finish take a breath he yank she up and they quickly descend the remain stair . 56 int . mika' apartment - night 56 the dead ninja lie in a pool of blood . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 51 . 56 continued : 56 the shadow come alive and four dark figure emerge , bear from the black - the hanta kirra . they leader drift forward surveying the apartment , he dark eye flash that we recognize . like snap -focus flash take in the myriad sign of the fight : the bullet in the wall , footprint , and shattered light . one of the killer use he sword to trace the line of a slashing cut in wall . braille from the blow that raizo use to cut the ninja . he remove he mask and we see it 's takeshi . takeshi raizo . another ninja lean forward and taste the air with he nose . eye close . like a dog get the scent , he inhalation a long , low whisper in the silent room . dog ninja he 's take the girl . takeshi nod turn to the window . he smile ; a hunter who know the hunt be almost over . ozunu ( v.o. ) weakness compel strength . CUT to : 57 ext . wood - night 57 a figure be run wildly through the thrashing branch . 58 int . orphanage ozunu house assembly room - night 58 ozunu address the clan , he eye like that of a executioner . ozunu betrayal beget blood . back to : goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 52. 59 ext . wood - night 59 we be gain on the figure who continue to bolt like a panicked horse . back to : 60 int . orphanage ozunu house assembly - night 60 ozunu this be the law of the nine clan . this be the way of the ninja . back to : 61 ext . wood - night 61 we rush up behind the figure who glance back . it be kiriko and she scream as we attack - the sound of the assault become - 62 ext . STREET - night 62 mika 's car rush past we . 63 int . car - night 63 raizo be silent . mika be drive . mika I be go to have to make a phone call in order to get the manuscript . raizo not now . just drive . mika where ? raizo do not matter . just get as far away from here as fast as you can without draw attention . mika you think they be follow we ? raizo I know they be follow we . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 53. 63 continued : 63 she watch in the mirror for a moment . mika I do not see anything back there . raizo they have we scent . mika follow we scent ? like dog ? raizo no. like wolf . she swallow . mika how do you know so much about they ? raizo I be one of they . mika you flunk out of ninja school or something ? raizo ... something . 64 flashback - int . limousine - night 64 raizo be dress in normal clothes he hair start to grow back from the close shave he have in the orphanage . he wear a silk blindfold . ozunu sit in the leather gloom of the stuff upholstery . ozunu you may remove the blindfold . raizo do so . look around at the light of osaka , a city he have never see before . ozunu ( cont 'd ) you entire life have bring you to this moment . do not fail yourself . do not fail you family . raizo nod faintly . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 54 . 64 continued : 64 mr. ozunu he be wear a black and gold watch . bring it to I . raizo nod again , then open the door and step out . 65 int . five STAR HOTEL lobby - night 65 close on the fat wrist of a large man as he stride across the lobby . he turn to he entourage which include several bodyguard and a few arm piece . kingpin wait here . gotta piss . bodyguard want I to come with you , boss ? kingpin why ? so you can shake it for I ? you some kind of secret faggot ? he laugh and the arm piece cluck on cue . he head into the bathroom . 66 int . five STAR HOTEL bathroom - night 66 kingpin enter there be only one person in the bathroom - raizo wash he hand . his eye flash in the mirror , watch the kingpin only after he have turn away . the enormous man step into a stall . after a moment he begin to piss , moan slightly as he do . raizo hit the air dryer button . the sound fill the room . a thin razor sharp blade flash from he sleeve . the kingpin continue to enjoy he piss but as we look at he we see the door behind he silently swing open , revealing raizo . raizo stare at the back of the man 's head . he can almost see he jugular beat beneath the thick fold of he neck - but something prevent he from strike . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 55 . 66 continued : 66 the dryer stop , the sound of the piss dribble when the kingpin suddenly look back over he shoulder - kingpin the fuck -? raizo strike but the kingpin be able to deflect the blow which sink into he enormous body . he laugh . kingpin ( cont 'd ) that kinda tickle ... he smashes a fist into raizo that slam he backwards . kingpin ( cont 'd ) gonna take more than a knitting needle to fuck I up , boy . raizo attack and it be immediately apparent that this be not go to be easy . several ferocious blow that would have break the neck of a smaller man , only seem to make the kingpin madder . soon both be cover in blood , and gore . but it be not until raizo slam the man 's head against the lip of the urinal - the first time a font blood splash up -- the second time the porcelain shatter as the kingpin' head open , spilling black blood across the floor . 67 ext . roof - night 67 it be raining . raizo , still wear he bloody clothes , climb up onto the roof , he clothes spatter with gore . he wait as the shadow around he come to life : ozunu , takeshi , and several other clan member surround he . all but ozunu wear they mask . raizo extend he hand , revealing the black and gold watch , smear with fresh blood . he offer it to Mr. ozunu . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 56 . 67 continued : 67 ozunu keep it . it will remind you that every minute of you life be a gift that I have give you . ozunu smile . ozunu ( cont 'd ) you have make I proud tonight , raizo . there be some who believe you would fail , but I know you would not . his eye narrow . ozunu ( cont 'd ) you have a strength inside you raizo . you must use that strength , now to show I that you be truly ozunu . several of the other ninjas step back . revealing takeshi . he push a small hood figure forward . ozunu ( cont 'd ) weakness compel strength . betrayal beget blood . takeshi yank the hood off revealing a young girl . she be bloody , bound and gag and for a flash - raizo see she as kiriko . ozunu ( cont 'd ) a daughter that turn she back on she family . she try to run . takeshi hunt she down . he unsheathes he blade , offer the hilt to raizo . ozunu ( cont 'd ) it be the law of the nine clan . raizo look at the girl , she tear lose in the rain . we can not tell if raizo be cry as he take the blade - he cry out , the light of madness in he eye . he strike , lash out with the fury of a wild animal , at ozunu -- -- who bend back with impossible grace . but not far enough . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 57 . 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 the point of raizo 's sword slashes across he face , open a ugly wound that spill blood over he eye and mouth ... he have not taste he own blood in year , and the anger boil up in he eye . ozunu ( cont 'd ) kill he ! raizo meet they attack . throw himself into the fray as only a man who be no longer interested in live can . but the ninjas be everywhere . they hurl shuriken at he by the handful , a storm of jag steel racing for raizo 's flesh . raizo block some of the shuriken , miss many more . the shuriken strike muscle , tendon , flesh . he swing around , still try to attack , there be too many of they . he stumble back towards the edge of the roof as takeshi swing what he believe will be the death blow as -- -- raizo half - fall , half - leap backward , fall from the rooftop , tumble through space , until he -- -- splashes into the canal below - bubbles dance between the ribbon of blood . 68 int . car - night 68 mika speed along the autobahn . mika okay , if you be not go to say anything , do you mind if I talk ? when I get nervous , it help if I talk . he say nothing . mika ( cont 'd ) my name be mika by the way . raizo I know . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 58. 68 continued : 68 mika yeah , well usually if someone introduce themselves it be a convention that the other person do likewise . he consider she . raizo raizo ... be the name I be give . mika so , you be a orphan ? his head nod slightly . mika ( cont 'd ) interesting nature verse nurture case study I imagine . he cock a eyebrow . mika ( cont 'd ) if it 's okay with you , I will try to fill in some of the blank . you must have be take by the ozunu clan , train to be a assassin , but something happen and you decide to opt out of the program . I do not imagine this go over so well and since they be after I for just peek through the keyhole , they must be after you in a major way . but you be also after they or you would not have bother go to sabatin . which I figure mean you be search for the location of the orphanage because that 's obviously the only information battatu 's book would have that you would not already know . he look at she impressed . mika ( cont 'd ) yeah , I get some move too . I be pretty lethal with the research thing . he almost smile . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 59 . 68 continued : ( 2 ) 68 mika ( cont 'd ) but here 's a question I can not answer : since you do not know I go to sabatin 's , why do you save I ? raizo ninja only kill two kind of people . the first kind have power and money . the other kind be try to stop they . he nod , notice shop out beyond the exit . raizo ( cont 'd ) exit here . CUT to : 69 ext . shopping mall - night 69 the shop be all close , mika 's car crawl to a stop in the empty parking lot . 70 int . car - night 70 raizo look she over . mika I understand retail therapy as well as any girl but I think it 's a little late . raizo you be a size 36 ? mika what ? no! size 34 ... icept certain time of the month . he start to leave then stop - raizo if you leave while I be go they will catch you and kill you . he look she in the eye . raizo ( cont 'd ) do you understand that ? she nod . he open he door and slip out . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 60 . 70 continued : 70 she watch as he head for the door . he pass into the shadow of the building and disappear . she dig into she bag for the phone maslow give she . she texts : 911 . but situ stable . Guardian angel all in black . need battuta book soon . will call . m she hit send . look out to the darkness surround she . after a moment one of the shadow come to life . the door open and raizo get in , he arm full of clothes . raizo ( cont 'd ) we need a hotel . 71 ext . highway motel - night 71 the car be park around several other . 72 int . highway motel room / bathroom - night 72 raizo go into the bathroom , and turn on the shower . raizo get undress . shower . do not use the hotel soap . or any towel . do you smoke ? mika no . he nod . raizo put you clothes in here . he pull the garbage bag from the wastepaper basket . then leave as she begin get undress . 73 ext . highway motel - night 73 outside the hotel , raizo find a pine tree . he cut several branch from it . 74 int . highway motel room / bathroom - night 74 back in the room , he enter the bathroom . she be still in the shower . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 61 . 74 continued : 74 mika hey - raizo what ? mika do not you know how to knock ? raizo I be try to save you life . mika ...okay right . he hand she the tree branch . raizo dry yourself with this . he start take off he clothes . he do it quickly without any sense of awkwardness ; the world where he come from make little distinction between male and female . she 's not from the same world , keep herself as cover as possible with a tree branch . he jump in the shower while she try to dry herself off . mika ... I be just a researcher . I be really not equip to deal with this ... he step out and quickly wipe the drip water off he body with the branch . raizo get dress . in the bedroom , raizo be dress in new clothes . he light a cigarette as mika come out struggle with the tightness of she new jeans . mika this be a little tight . raizo you say 34 . mika european size ... run a little small I guess . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 62. 74 continued : ( 2 ) 74 raizo take the cigarette and begin wave it all around she . mika ( cont 'd ) this be for my " scent " ? he nod . raizo let 's go . 75 ext . highway motel parking lot - night 75 close as he pick the lock of a different car trunk . mika wow . they teach you that at ninja school ? raizo most lock be not worth the metal they be make of . the trunk pop open . raizo toss they bag of clothes under the lid of the tire compartment . then close the door . he lead she down the parking lot size up the car , until he find one he like . mika you be go to steal a car ? raizo just borrow it . the door open . raizo ( cont 'd ) get in . she sigh . mika in for a penny , in for a pound . 75a int . car - night 75 a raizo take out a small electrical device . he aim it at the dash and hit a button . the device find the right frequency to start the car . she be impressed . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 62a . 75a continued : 75 a raizo at ninja school I minore in electrical engineering . his smile make she smile . 76 ext . autobahn - night 76 a moment later the car fly back towards Berlin . raizo now we have some time . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 63. 76 continued : 76 mika how much time ? raizo a day . maybe less . mika Jesus . raizo make you call . she nod , dig through she purse for the phone . intercut with : 77 int . maslow' office - night 77 mika Ryan , it 's I . maslow mika ! for Christ sake I have be call for hour ! mika I know . I be in a bit of trouble - maslow trouble ? you miss jury duty you be in trouble . you be in some kind of bottomless pit of deep shit . mika yeah . least I be not down here by myself ... she look at raizo . maslow you guardian angel ? be it he ? the one from the tape ? mika he 's on we side , Ryan . I trust he . maslow careful , mika . mika I promise he the battuta page . do you still have they ? ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 64 . 77 continued : 77 maslow ... yeah , I get they . mika can you meet we ? in three hour ? maslow where ? mika how bout the usual ? 78 ext . berlin wall - night 78 maslow wait , the red-tip of he cigarette glow in the middle of he silhouette . mika be lead . mika there he be . raizo hesitates ; a animal sense danger . mika ( cont 'd ) he 's a good man . it 's all right . they approach maslow . maslow mika ! he embrace she . maslow ( cont 'd ) you be all right ? mika thanks to he . raizo why have you do this ? mika done what ? maslow step back mika . mika what ? raizo people will die . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 65 . 78 continued : 78 maslow take hold of mika as he shout - maslow now ! a explosion of light ; a fire line of klieg all aim at raizo , each as bright as a slice of the sun . mika no ! twenty heavily armed man emerge from the wall of light . military man hand on you head ! on you knee ! do it now ! mika raizo ! no ! this be wrong ! raizo the clan have people everywhere . raizo raise he hand slowly , a glance throw like a shuriken at maslow . mika what be you do ? maslow follow order . the man swarm over he , bind he with brutal efficiency , haul he away . CUT to : 78a flashback - int . orphanage dojo - day 78a ozunu watch . a faint look of disgust dangle from he lip . ozunu cut he . kiriko be panting , cover in sweat and blood , stand over a bloody , beat takeshi . ozunu ( cont 'd ) all failure must be sow into the flesh . kiriko be hand a razor sharp blade . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 65a . 78a continued : 78a ozunu ( cont 'd ) cut he ! takeshi prepare for the blow , but -- kiriko drop the blade . ozunu ( cont 'd ) what ? he march up to she . ozunu ( cont 'd ) you know the law ! her silence remain defiant , while he boil with suppress rage , pick up the blade . ozunu ( cont 'd ) you will wear this disgrace for the rest of you life ! he slashes she , slice across she face . time CUT : 79 flashback - int . orphanage dormitory - night 79 raizo wake up . there 's a commotion on the other side of the shoji screen that comprise the inner wall of the dorm . silhouettes limn against the paper . raizo move to the screen . pull they a half inch aside as the other child watch ... through the tiny gap , he see ninjas drag kiriko down the hall . gag , arm twisted with shiburi , blood streaking she pale and terrify face . goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 66 . 80 int . safe - house - vault - night 80 raizo be chain to the wall of a vault . spread -eagle , double - lock , and light from all side so there be no shadow anywhere in the room . raizo 's head sag . eye close . cameras stare at he . 81 int . safe - house ground floor - night 81 classic Berlin aesthetic . a modern office shoe- horn into a abandon building : cubicle , computer and Aeron chair amidst crumble wall . maslow 's team be hang out there , thirty agent , a fairly competent and well - armed bunch . maslow be inside the control room which be like a small construction trailer . several different monitor have image of raizo . security goon prisoner be secure sir . for a moment it appear that raizo look up as maslow look at he , as if somehow raizo could see through the lens watch he . then he head drop again . maslow right . he scan the different monitor . maslow ( cont 'd ) something 's wrong with the infrared cam . security goon no sir , we check it . maslow then why be not he show up ? security goon we think he 's able to lower the temperature of he body to remain neutral . maslow or maybe he 's just cold - blooded . security goon # 2 Sir ! ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 66a . 81 continued : 81 the goon struggle to stop mika as she storm inside . mika Ryan , you know this be wrong ! it can not be legal ! what be this place ? you own private Guantanamo ? maslow it 's a old gdr safehouse . jamison want this off the grid . mika Ryan you be make a huge mistake ! maslow I do not think so . we get report from Washington , London , osaka all tagging you boy . only problem we have be where to extradite he first . mika so two week ago , there 's no such thing as a ninja and now every city in the world have a warrant for one ? maslow we must respect the jurisprudence of the regional government and corresponding law enforcement agency . mika he 's not the enemy . maslow no ? you ever hear of stockholm syndrome I be get the feel I be look at a pretty serious case of it . mika I be not crazy . this be ! ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 67 . 81 continued : ( 2 ) 81 maslow he 's a killer , mika . be not you the one tell I it be we job to stop he . mika you be not listen to I ! maslow you be not say anything worth hearing . look , if want to do the insubordination tango , let 's go , but not in front of the kid okay ? boy , give we a minute . the security goons clear out , close the door behind they . 82 int . safe - house office - night - continuous 82 she wheel on he to let he have it . mika damn it , Ryan , I -- -- but he hold a finger to he lip , indicate be quiet . maslow listen to I , we do not have much time . look , I do not know what you have stumble into , but somebody be pull some major string inside . mika they want he dead . he 's be fight they for year . maslow I believe you . ( softer ) I believe you . I have be in this business too long not to smell a set -up . but we have to be careful how we handle this . and I can not risk you go awol on I again , because -- ( beat ) -- because I do not want anything to happen to you . he glance up at she , and it 's clear : he have affection for she . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 68. 82 continued : 82 he press a tracking device into she hand . maslow ( cont 'd ) if trouble come , turn this on , no matter where , and I will find you . 83 int . safe house vault - night 83 raizo remain motionless , he eye open when he hear someone come . raizo ( v.o. ) you should not do that they ' will catch you . kiriko ( v.o. ) then they will catch I . raizo ( v.o. ) they will put you in the box . kiriko ( v.o. ) yes . they will . 84 flashback - int . orphanage dormitory - night 84 it be the middle of the night . raizo lie on a floor mat , unable to sleep . he look over at kiriko 's empty mat . quietly he get up and make he way outside . 85 flashback - ext . orphanage meditation BOX - night 85 he move to a upright bamboo box about the size of a coffin . look at -- -- kiriko , in the box . dehydration have leave kiriko with barely the strength to breathe . her lip be swollen and crack , she sag against the tight wall of the box . he pull a bamboo straw from he dark robe , then fill he mouth with water from a flask . stick the straw through the bamboo pole near she lip , he feed she drop by drop , and in this way , separate by a cage they share a kind of kiss . her eye part , ever so slightly , and she manage a smile . raizo I tell you . I try to warn you . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 69 . 85 continued : 85 kiriko ...yes , you do .... raizo but you do it anyway . why ? kiriko why be I in here for water my tree ... or why be you out there ... water I ? she meet he eye . 86 int . safe - house - vault - night 86 mika be stand behind the bar which slide open . she have a bottle of water , she look at the two armed guard follow she . mika could you give we a moment ? guard negative . not safe mar 'am . mika if he want to hurt I he could have do that a while ago . guard sorry mar 'am . maslow okay the water . that 's it . they stand near the door as mika cross to raizo . mika hi ... you look thirsty . she hold the water bottle to he lip , whisper . mika ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ... I do not know about this . raizo I know . mika you do ? he nod 's , swallow another sip . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 70 . 86 continued : 86 raizo the only time you lie to I be when you tell I you size . mika how do you know that ? raizo you heart . it be special . mika you know about my heart ? raizo heart speak truer than tongue . he be unlike anyone she have ever meet . mika listen , maslow be on we side . he 's go to try to help you . raizo it 's too late . all that matter be the rihla . get the manuscript before they get here . mika the hanta kirra ? raizo hurry . 87 int . safe - house ground floor - night 87 mika rush up to maslow who be talk to the group of europol . mika Ryan , can I talk to you ? maslow we have to do this again , coretti ? mika no sir . I just ... I have reason to believe that a group of ninja may be on they way here . the man chuckle . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 71 . 87 continued : 87 maslow I think this gentleman can handle a few whack - job wear pajamas . be I right ? they ad-lib response : Fucking ' a sir ... lock , cocked and ready to rock . maslow ( cont 'd ) see ? mika but the situation we discuss - maslow I be work on that . you have to give I a little time . mika we do not have time . maslow they be not here now . mika they will be here soon . maslow how soon - 88 int . safe - house - vault - night 88 raizo look up . his eye narrow : they be here . 89 int . safe - house ground floor - night 89 the light go out . mika 's eye dart into the pitch , red emergency light suddenly glow ominously . mika raizo-- maslow spin as she sprint for the stair . maslow mika ! maslow draw he firearm and hiss at one of the special ops . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 71a . 89 continued : 89 maslow ( cont 'd ) go with she ! secure the prisoner ! instantly , tiny LED flashlight and laser target system light up on automatic weapon . night vision goggle go up . Rather than panic , the police be instantly in stealth - mode , communicate with quick , urgent hand gesture . a handful of man splinter off for the vault while the rest separate into team with practice precision , move through the safe-house , ready for whatever come . 89a int . safe - house - vault - night 89a mika charge into the hold area , the detail of man right at she heel . europol water guard hold you fire -- raizo 's guard release they aim . europol guard Christ -- europol water guard good way to get yourself kill , agent coretti. europol # 2 what the fuck 's with the light ? europol guard we get some guy in pajamas comin ' to play spin the bottle . one of they lift a shotgun . europol # 2 huh huh . I get something they can wrap they lip around . mika I do not have time for this shit . we have to move the prisoner . in the back of he cell , raizo 's head lift at the sound of mika 's voice . raizo mika ! ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 71b . 89a continued : 89a europol water guard no mar 'am . that be not we order . raizo call from behind the reinforce door . raizo you have get to get out of here ! she call to he cell . mika not without you . raizo 's voice hang in the gloom . raizo then we all die together . 89b int . safe - house - ground floor - night 89b one of the team edge through the decay of the dilapidate industrial cavern . strain through the eyepiece of he goggle one of they mutter . europol agent 2 do not see shit -- ahead the point man motion and the man take up defensive position . the point man creep forward , a flicker of heat flutter in he ir - optic . point man be that ..? through the darkness we see that he infrared be actually pick up the slow exhale of a ninja poise like a cobra inch away just above he . his blade flash -- and the detail of man recoil as they infrared sensor light up , the point man cleft open in hot volcanic gore . a cloud of shuriken spit out of the darkness and punch into neck , face , eye . ten of they fall like wheat before a scythe . the rest fire hit nothing . goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 71c . 90 int . safe - house - vault - night 90 the scream of die man and gunfire shudder down the gullet of the old concrete building . mika fuck I ... she watch as the man position themselves , press into the black of the corridor . thumb flick safeties to hot . a shriek pierce the silence , one of the agent suddenly jerk from he foot like a puppet on a string . they watch in ir as the agent fall to the ground in several piece . europol # 2 what the fu-- # 2 's exclamation get catch in the ooze slit that open in he throat . the man guard raizo 's cell door scream . europol guard they be not show up on ir ! he click he flashlight the beam glint against a hail of shuriken that pound into he , wound flowering in ribbon of red . mika watch as he land wetly at she foot . more scream and gunfire shake the shock from she . she dive for the guard , frantic finger claw at the key -chain clipped to he belt . the remain europol Agents cluster together , flashlight strobing spastically , while mika slam through raizo 's cell door . she instantly go to work on he leg iron . mika come on -- come on -- raizo 's eye narrow , the last of the europol Agents butcher by shadow . raizo mika ? ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 71d . 90 continued : 90 mika shh ! raizo I do not want to sound critical -- he can feel the rush of darkness . mika get it ! the leg iron click open and raizo spring forward the chain of he handcuffs catch a fall blade . he twist and the ring of metal on metal be follow by the dry snap of bone as raizo break the ninja 's neck . she release he handcuffs and they move quickly through the glisten remain of the body , raizo shield she from the darkness . 90a int . safe - house - sublevel - night 90 a the two sprint from a stairwell into a concourse , raizo stop suddenly , sense the presence of the hanta - kirra . he push she toward another set of stair . raizo go. find maslow . he turn to face the dark . raizo ( cont 'd ) go quick . she lurch up the stair as the hanta - kirra descend on he like a murder of crow . 90b int . safe - house - stairwell - night 90b mika fly up the stair take the step two at a time round the next flight -- a beam of light flash weapon rattling suddenly train on she . maslow mika ! her stomach find its way into she throat . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 71e . 90b continued : 90b mika Jesus ryan-- maslow rush down to she , another agent scan the stair above they . maslow I think you be -- mika 's eye widen as the agent on the flight above they be rip into the air replace by a squall of red . maslow whirl as a blade suddenly pierce he side -- but before it can continue its deadly cut , maslow catch it in a bloody fist and fire into the shadow . one of the hanta - kirra fall tumble past they down the stair . maslow grunt as he rip the chain blade from he side . mika be you ok ? he nod , a bit woozy . maslow I hope that be not my liver . gonna need that soon . mika come on . 91 int . safe - house - ground floor 91 spark dance along the sing ringing blade , the melee escalate in the darkness . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 72-73. 91 continued : 91 raizo meet the hanta - kirra in the air . vault from one wall and door to another , spin in and out of view as he move through the shadow . the ninjas move with he , match he speed and ferocity and ability to disappear within the darkness . sword clash against chain and sword and wall . spark fly and blood fall . this be the first time we have see raizo turn loose . but it 's three on one ... and takeshi be not a pushover . mika and maslow slam through the exit into -- 92 int . garage - night 92 the building carpark . mika suddenly stop . mika fuck ! ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 74 . 92 continued : 92 maslow what ? mika the manuscript -- maslow no mika -- he be about to argue but wilt at she resolve . maslow ( cont 'd ) right ... he stuff he car key in she hand , try not to let he voice crack . maslow ( cont 'd ) two minute . keep it in gear . mika maslow -- he turn . mika ( cont 'd ) tip-toe . he open the door retrace they step into the dark . mika suddenly very alone manage a slow nervous pirouette in the crypt-like garage , before skitter for maslow 's sedan . she slide in pull the door shut behind she as quietly as she can -- and wait . 93 int . safe - house - ground floor - night 93 maslow move cautiously through the fold of midnight . he hear the fight before he can see it . raizo block a sword - thrust from takeshi . dodge around a hail of shuriken . use he chain to drive another ninja back . takeshi rip free he leave arm . draw a short , angle blade and bring it slashing down at raizo 's neck ... raizo block the knife with he elbow , twist , throw takeshi twenty foot through the air . he recover mid- flight like a cat and regains he balance . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 75 . 93 continued : 93 from the darkness a ninja fire a dozen shuriken at he , and at least three of the spin blade find they mark . raizo grunt at the impact , but vault up and over a counter and leap through a window , crash out to - 94 int . garage - night 94 the surround shadow seem to press in on the car . mika come on , Ryan ... a figure dart in she periphery and she head whip around craning all direction . mika ( cont 'd ) hurry the fuck up ! ka-chunk -- she punch the lock . click -- the headlight flash on -- ka-chick -- she chamber the Glock . mika ( cont 'd ) motherfuckfuckfuck-- she twist the ignition and as the motor turn over -- the car 's headlight explode , shattered by projectile that seem to materialize from the void . mika scream throw the car into gear -- peel out toward the down ramp . the car fishtail down level after level through the oscillate light / dark of the dimly light exit ramp . her eye twitch from mirror to mirror when she see up ahead -- a shadow hang in the corner of the tunnel like a spider . she duck just as the front of the sedan be shred by a squall of star . the sedan rebound into the light . its hood and windscreen look as though it be gnaw on by a great White . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 76 . 94 continued : 94 mika crank the wheel tear around a dark bend as -- toom ! something land on the roof of the car . above she she see the distinct tip of the tiger claw that have puncture the metal exterior of the car just as - - she pass under a light -- revealing a crouching ninja stare right at she , through the sun roof . his blade whip from its sheath but before he can strike -- she jam the barrel of the Glock between the two tip of one set of claw , right where he foot should be -- and fire . a scream be follow by a gout of blood that wash over the sunroof -- the ninja 's body tumble off the back of the car . maslow 's gnarled sedan bottom out in a starburst of spark as it corner into traffic . mika breathe heavy dig into she bag for she cell phone . intercut with : 95 int . safe house - night 95 the light be still dead . maslow be with a team of europol move through the stairwell . he talk quietly . mika Ryan - I have to leave ! maslow good , stay clear . mika do you have the map ? maslow not yet . we be head upstairs now . mika where 's raizo ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 77 . 95 continued : 95 maslow he take off . we think they go after he . he look into the surround shadow unsure . 96 ext . rooftop - night 96 raizo parkour across the roof , the hanta kirra close behind . shuriken sizzle past ; some miss , some lash open whip cut across he flesh . 97 ext . winged victory roundabout - night 97 raizo pull free the shuriken in he side . drop they to the ground where they clatter back and forth like so much toss change . he look up at winge victory silhouett against the moonlight . and suddenly the ninja be on he . raizo block and parry . counterattack with a reverse cut - and throw himself sideways as a truck come roaring down at he . the truck fill the screen with light and horn and three ton of death . raizo cartwheel over the hood , force the scar ninja to leap the other way , and as he turn -- -- raizo come down on he , slashing he shoulder . 98 ext . winged victory roundabout - night - continuous 98 the fight be now two one against one , and one of they be takeshi . they sword crash back and forth , send spark fly . raizo be tired , already wounded by the shuriken ... with a cry , he hurl a second ninja back and spin to face takeshi ... too late . takeshi 's blade get under he guard . open up raizo 's side . his sword be rip free from he hand , rebound off a speed sedan and clatter to the ground thirty foot away . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 78. 98 continued : 98 raizo stumble backward . life 's blood drip down and splattering on the concrete . takeshi raise he sword high . smile . takeshi this be the end for you , brother . mika 's car slashes across the width of the street screeching to a stop next to raizo . the door snap open . mika raizo ! raizo get into the car . collapse into the seat , arm wrap tight around the ugly wound in he side . she peel away before the other can stop she . mika carve a path through the traffic , drive as fast as she can . eager to get more mile between they and the ninjas . raizo let out a gasp as the car go over a bump . his shirt be drench with he own blood . mika ( cont 'd ) what be you do in the street ?! raizo ... wait for you ... mika you have to go to a hospital . raizo no . not a hospital . another place . the car speed into the night . 99 ext . herbalist - night 99 the sort of store where the owner life above the shop . mika pound on the door as a light come on in the floor above . a moment later , the door open . herbalist what be it ? what -- he step out of the way as mika help raizo in , bloody and half - dead . goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 79 . 100 int . herbalist - night - continuous 100 herbalist place herb into a hand - grinder as raizo stagger through the row of bowl , grab what he need and hand it to she . raizo ...dong - xia leave ... three of the lo-chan ... dragon root ... herbalist you should not mix this . very dangerous . raizo ignore he . give she some more dry bit and piece . the herbalist shake he head . herbalist ( cont 'd ) if you be in pain ... if you wish to die ... there be other way , this will be agony -- raizo no ... it will save I .... herbalist it will ? you be sure ? ( beat ) let I write this down . he go to find a pen and paper as mika grind away . raizo hot water . she go to a tea kettle , pour water into the bowl . he reach for it , and nearly collapse . she help he raise the cup to he lip . tilt it and watch he drink . take the empty cup away from he . raizo shudder as the drug course through he . raizo ( cont 'd ) I have to sleep now ... a day at least . his eyelid flutter . she 's hold he up now - muscle already loosen . mika a day ?!? what should I do ? raizo ... keep move ... ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 80 . 100 continued : 100 he slump over the counter like a child drop into deep sleep as -- -- the herbalist come back , pen and paper in hand . he pause as he see mika stand over raizo . she look from he to raizo and back again , then : mika I will have he to go . ( beat ) can you ... help I to the car ? CUT to : 101 ext . autobahn - night 101 mika be the proverbial bat outta hell . her phone be at she ear . intercut with : 102 int . safe - house - night 102 the light be back on but the place be trash . maslow mika , where be you ? mika move . he tell I to keep move . maslow he 's still alive ? she glance at he slump body . mika after a fashion . maslow let we bring you in . mika not this time . maslow mika , the situation 's a little different . jurisprudence go out the fuck window when my man get attack . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 81 . 102 continued : 102 mika do you have the manuscript ? he take a breath . maslow ... negative . they get to my office . everything 's go . the news crush she . maslow ( cont 'd ) mika , it 's gonna be all right . we will find they . mika ... but I promise ... maslow we will keep you promise . they be too many people involved now . it 's just a matter of time . mika I do not think we have much time ... maslow just tell I where you be . she hang up . maslow ( cont 'd ) mika ? mika ? dammit . 103 ext . highway motel parking lot - night 103 the car be park outside the same hotel that he take she too . 104 int . highway motel room / bathroom - night 104 she step out of the shower and dry herself with a evergreen branch . 105 int . highway motel room - night 105 in the bedroom , raizo be sprawle out on the bed . she be wear new clothes . she take a drag on a cigarette then pass the smoke over she body . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 82. 105 continued : 105 mika I know you can not hear I , so I be sure this do not matter , but I be go to say it anyway . she look at he . mika ( cont 'd ) I be a forensic researcher , okay ? that 's like a fancy way of say I be a librarian . by myself I can not do anything to help you . she open she fist ; inside be the tracking device maslow give she . mika ( cont 'd ) I want to think you for save my life . bend over he , she kiss he gently . mika ( cont 'd ) and I hope you can forgive I for this . 106 int . maslow' office - night 106 there 's a crowd of other official there , have turn the place into a makeshift command and control center . a aide rush in from a adjoin room , go to maslow . aide agent maslow , the tracking device -- maslow you have get a lock ? aide triangulate she position now . 107 ext . highway motel across parking lot - night 107 mika watch from the tree as a shadow come to life on the balcony outside they room . it pause as if sense something . 108 int . highway motel room - night 108 raizo lie alone . the heavy shadow begin to undulate as the hanta - kirra emerge . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 83. 108 continued : 108 takeshi 's eye gleam the way a blade gleam . 109 ext . highway motel parking lot - dawn 109 Police and europol car scream up to the hotel . 110 ext / int . highway motel room - dawn 110 a moment later the door burst open ; maslow and he man pour into the bedroom . the bed be empty . raizo be go . mika be sit in the chair . mika they take he . ten minute ago . he 's go . maslow embrace she . 111 flashback - int orphanage dormitory - night 111 there be a furious storm raging outside the thin screen wall . raizo be watch kiriko who seem to be sleep . in a flash of lightning , she eye open and she stare at he and he feel in hi heart what she be say goodbye . the flash end and as the thunder boom , she be go , melting quietly into the shadow . raizo ...no ! 112 ext . orphanage courtyard / wall - night 112 two shadow race through sheet of rain , visible in flash of lightning . he catch she near the base of the wall . raizo kiriko ! you can not leave ! kiriko I have to . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 84 . 112 continued : 112 raizo why ? kiriko because my heart be tell I too . raizo the hanta kirra will come for you . kiriko then they will come . raizo you know the law . he will cut you heart from you chest . she smile . kiriko no ... he can never touch my heart . she put he hand on she chest , then lean in and kiss he . kiriko ( cont 'd ) come with I . raizo where ? what be out there ? kiriko life . he cannot imagine what that life might be . raizo ... my life be here . she bow she head and turn . raizo ( cont 'd ) why be you do this ? kiriko because I can not watch you become something you be not . she race for the wall . he watch she climb ... and disappear . goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 84a . 113 int . metal BOX - night 113 raizo drift on the edge of consciousness . he can sense some light filter through the edge and air hole . the air begin to smell familiar . ozunu ( v.o. ) we have be betrayed . 114 flashback - ext . orphanage courtyard - day 114 the clan be gather outside , the sun beat down on the spartan courtyard . kiriko 's body be twisted , bound to a pole like one of the bonsai tree . ozunu deliver he eulogy . ozunu a child of mine , my daughter , betrayed we . she refuse this gift . rejected we clan . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 85 . 114 continued : 114 raizo stand among the clan ; he face a mask . ozunu ( cont 'd ) hers be a shame that can only be purge with blood . he unsheathes the ancient wakizashi , then offer the hilt to takeshi . ozunu ( cont 'd ) you who return she shall have this honor . takeshi hide a smile as he take the blade . kiriko look out into the clan and find raizo . he can hear she heart pound . takeshi know where she be look as he prepare to strike . blood pound in raizo 's ear . the sword plunge into she heart . raizo hear it die - and feel he own heart stop . 115 int . orphanage courtyard - night 115 a bucket of water slap raizo awake . he 's bound to a pole in the middle of the courtyard by thick rope that bite into he flesh . ozunu stand before he , as well as the rest of the clan , down to the youngest of they . watch silently . he look the same as he have in the flashback - except that now a ugly scar run diagonally across the length of he face . trace of raizo 's blade from atop the building in Dubai . when he speak , ozunu be speak for the benefit of the rest of the clan as to raizo . ozunu you be ozunu . you life be meaningless compare to the survival of the clan . this be we deep truth . because of it , we have endure for hundred of year , and will endure for hundred more . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 86 . 115 continued : 115 he look to the rest , pound the message home . the message that say hope and escape be futile . ozunu ( cont 'd ) weakness compel strength . betrayal beget blood . this be the way of the nine clan . ( beat ) this be the way of the ninja . he look back at raizo , approach slowly . take he time . ozunu ( cont 'd ) I have wait many year for this moment . I have dream it , many time . he hit raizo . hard . ozunu ( cont 'd ) you will suffer for seven day , one day for each year you defy I . he take a knife , and very carefully cut out a very small piece of raizo 's flesh , from the upper arm . raizo do not cry out . ozunu ( cont 'd ) for seven day , we will ... take ... from you , as I have just do . everyone here will take from you . piece by piece . you will live through it all , you will feel through it all . you will watch as the bird fight over the piece . he strike raizo as he do long ago , he hand jutting deep inside gut , flick switch of nerve that cause instant agony . this time raizo do cry out . ozunu ( cont 'd ) you will know pain like no other human be have ever know . he twist something in raizo 's belly and violent spasm wrack the young man 's body . blood burble up through he mouth and flow down he chin . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 87 . 115 continued : ( 2 ) 115 ozunu ( cont 'd ) you death will be remember for a thousand year as a testament to the will and strength of the ozunu clan . one last gouge in raizo 's stomach send a heaving shudder through he . confident , victorious , ozunu turn and walk a few step away as -- -- raizo cough up a bloody wad onto the clean floor . takeshi smile at this , then look more closely , see something amidst the bile ... takeshi Father ... ozunu look down and see a tiny steel cylinder . a single LED light blink through the gore . he nudge it with he foot ... and time slow down as he realize what he 's look at . he slowly raise he eye -- -- and meet raizo 's gaze as suddenly -- -- explosion rock the orphanage 's century - old gate . a reinforce military humvee crash through the cloud of splintering timber with a roar and a explosion of blind light . the ozunu clan scatter as the massive vehicle heave into the courtyard , revealing behind it still more vehicle , all equip with brilliant light . the ninjas take to the shadow , try to melt away , but the shadow be go . there 's no place for the ninjas to hide anymore . we find mika and maslow in one of the lead vehicle as -- -- takeshi draw he blade in a smooth arc , raise it over raizo 's helpless form . maslow take aim with he submachine gun and squeeze off a long burst . takeshi block some of the slug with he sword and dodge the other . he slide into one of the few remain shadow . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 88. 115 continued : ( 3 ) 115 one of the soldier see he make a break for it and fire a incendiary grenade . the explosion send incandescent white phosphorous splash through the courtyard , but takeshi be go . they prepare to fire another one when maslow come on the run . maslow no more grenade , not until we get the child out ! but some part of the orphanage be already on fire , the flame spread through the ancient timber . the carnage continue . maslow fire at the flee ninjas as mika rush for raizo , pistol in hand . one of the mp 's scream as a shuriken rip open he face as other mps FIRE back at the ninja , tear he apart with gunfire . mika make it to raizo 's side . he smile at she as she saw through the rope with she knife . raizo what take you ? mika you know I would come ? raizo just because I be asleep do not mean I could not hear you . mika finish with the rope . raizo pull free and reach for a fall ninja 's sword and chain . raizo ( cont 'd ) and I forgive you . mika look back at the sound of gunfire tear apart another ninja . when she look back -- -- raizo be go . goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 89 . 116 int . orphanage kitchen / dine / dormitory / dojo - night 116 the fire be rip through the interior , leaping from bamboo furniture to paper shoji screen to polished wooden floor as -- -- raizo kick down the burn wall of the empty dorm , the futon smolder . raizo continue into the next hall to find -- -- takeshi wait for he . a apparition in the waver blaze of heat , silhouett against a wall of fire . takeshi come , little brother , let we play like old time they spring at other . meeting in the middle of the hallway as the flame dance around they ... recalling the lantern they use to fight through , in the day of they training . they weapon ring out a frenzied drum roll of steel on steel . neither give a inch . evenly match in skill and ferocity . lock together for a moment takeshi smile . takeshi ( cont 'd ) no death taste as sweet as hers . raizo 's back glisten orange in the firelight , sweat pour as he strain , attack , defend and attack again . takeshi jump over they , twist mid-air and duck low beneath raizo 's swinging chain as -- -- raizo stumble back on the polished floor , block takeshi 's attack , but -- -- takeshi catch he wrist in a iron grip . as he bring he sword around , raizo get a loop of chain around the blade and lock it tight . both man spin in they sudden embrace . face inch from each other . takeshi ( cont 'd ) I watch you die when I pierce she heart . you have always be too weak to be ozunu . takeshi 's finger trip a hide button on the sword . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 90 . 116 continued : 116 the blade retract back through the handle and a yard of steel jolt out from the hilt of takeshi 's sword . he move to slam it into raizo 's side ... but raizo flip over he , hold onto the hilt and as he land he -- -- drive the steel into takeshi 's heart . he still stand for a beat , more by inertia than will , then slump , dead , to the floor . raizo stalk down the hall . one last task ahead of he . 117 int . orphanage ozunu house nightingale floor / master 117 room / assembly room - night raizo walk across the nightingale floor , he bloody footprint move soundlessly . from the shadow he hear ozunu 's voice ozunu you have not forget you training . you will always be mine , child . raizo stop , consider this , then continue ; he footstep now bring every sound possible . ozunu step out of the darkness , as though shrugging off a cloak of midnight . ozunu ( cont 'd ) perhaps this be the best way for you to die . his blade rise as like a cobra 's hood , while the chain blade begin to spin . raizo the breath I take after you be dead , will be the first of my life . raizo unleash all he fury : the chain cut with the power of a enormous buzz see -- hack timber in half -- carve scar in the floor and wall -- brazier be throw , fume begin to spread but -- ozunu block or evade , absorb the assault patiently ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 91 . 117 continued : 117 wait for raizo to tire , wait for a open . 118 ext . orphanage - courtyard - night 118 a portion of the orphanage 's wall burn through . mika spot raizo through the flame . she run for he . 119 int . orphanage ozunu house assembly room - night 119 raizo begin to weaken . a attack miss wrapping a beam and ozunu have he open - his assault be ferocious . wound begin open like window shear of blood billow out . raizo retreat , he chain just block , catch , or deflect the whirlwind attack until -- one sound cut through the furious fight . snap-zoom to ozunu 's ear as -- the hammer be cocked , a cylinder spin into place . mika die you fuck ! she fire and ozunu twist enough so that the bullet graze he . ozunu bitch ! a scatter shot of shuriken send she diving to the floor . but the distraction give raizo he chance . the blade whistle , the chain snap and blood arc out of ozunu . rage thunder the hall . mika get back up and aim but -- ozunu seem to pull the shadow and smoke around he as he disappear . mika raizo ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 92 . 119 continued : 119 she can not see he . ozunu 's attack hit raizo with the force of a bomb burst , he blade shatter through raizo 's chain -- hurling he back , petal of blood flutter from he chest . raizo try to recover , he chain now in two piece . raizo mika ! run! mika where be he ? I can not see he ! raizo get away ! ozunu emerge from the smoke behind she , a wraith . his eye be as black as the socket of a skull . she spin around but be too late . the ancient blade run straight through she chest just as - - raizo find they . he see kiriko , the same blade take she life and howl -- his pain a force of nature unleash . the chain blade crackle in the air - dual cyclone that batter ozunu 's parry blade which - finally shatter against raizo 's fury . and with a final scream , raizo lunge at he master , the whistling blade lazering through he body until he separate , piece hang in mid-air , like a unstitch rag doll . raizo throw down the blood slick blade and -- -- hurry to mika 's side . he pick mika up and walk through the fall timber and blaze shard to the door . 120 ext . orphanage courtyard - night 120 the fight be over now . all the combatant ninjas dead or long go . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 93. 120 continued : 120 maslow see raizo emerge from the smoke and flame , carry mika in he arm . maslow mika ! he run to she side as raizo lay she gently on the ground . maslow ( cont 'd ) what happen ? raizo she save my life . raizo put he hand on she chest . close he eye . we can feel she heart - beat . bump -thump . bump-thump . raizo open he eye . raizo ( cont 'd ) she will be all right . maslow how can you be sure ? raizo touch she face as she take in a sudden breath . he smile distantly . raizo her heart be special . mika medic ! over here now ! several medic rush to they , raizo gently lay she on the stretcher . as they immediately begin work on she , raizo fade back . maslow remain at she side . her eye flutter open . maslow be she go to be okay ? medic I do not know ... she 's get a hole right through the middle of she heart ... but shes not really bleed , that badly ... ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 94 . 120 continued : ( 2 ) 120 mika my heart ... she point to the right side of she chest . mika ( cont 'd ) ... be over here . maslow ... you gotta be fuck kid I . mika ... raizo ? maslow he say you save he life . she smile . maslow ( cont 'd ) so you keep you promise . can we go home now ? 121 ext . orphanage bonsai garden - day 121 raizo stand among the bound tree . raizo ( v.o. ) you should not do that . 122 flashback - ext orphanage bonsai garden - day 122 kiriko release one of the tree . kiriko I believe the heart of a tree know which way it need to grow . CUT to : 122a raizo release a tree . 122a ( v.o. ) tree do not have heart . kiriko ( v.o. ) everything have a heart . raizo I do not . CUT to : goldenrod revised 2nd draft 6/4/08 95 . 123 flashback - ext : orphanage bonsai garden - day 123 she listen to he heart . kiriko hello ... hello in there . it say it be happy to meet I and that it miss you . CUT to : 124 ext . orphanage courtyard / wall - day 124 he stand and look at the wall . 125 flashback - ext orphanage courtyard / wall - night 125 the storm lash against they . kiriko come with I ! CUT to : 126 ext . orphanage courtyard / wall - day 126 he begin to climb . CUT to : 127 flashback - ext . orphanage wall - night 127 she kiss he . CUT to : 128 ext . orphanage wall - day 128 we hear he heartbeat . bump -thump bump-thump . as he stand on the edge of the wall . in the next moment he be go - and finally , free . fade out .