ninotchka written by Charles brackett , billy wilder &amp ; walter reisch base on a story by melchior lengyel shoot draft 1939 fade in on : a establishing shot of paris in the month of april dissolve to : the luxurious lobby of the HOTEL clarence camera move to a close shot of the desk . in the background be a revolve door lead to the street . through the revolve door come a strangely dress individual , obviously one who do not belong in such surroundings . it be comrade buljanoff , a member of the Russian board of Trade . despite the spring climate of Paris , he still wear he typical Russian clothes , consist of a coat with a fur collar , a fur cap , and heavy boot . buljanoff glance around the lobby , obviously over - whelmed by its magnificence . the manager , puzzle by buljanoff 's strange appearance , approach he . manager ( politely ) be there anything I can do for you , monsieur ? buljanoff no , no . he exit toward the street . the manager return to he customary duty , when suddenly a second Russian , similarly dress , push he way through the door and gaze around . it be comrade iranoff . the manager , definitely mystify by now , approach he . manager yes , monsieur ? iranoff just look around . iranoff exit . again the manager return to he duty , when suddenly he see that a third man , dress in the same fashion , have appear in the revolve door . it be comrade kopalski . kopalski do not leave the revolve door at all but as it turn , drink in the whole spectacle of the lobby . the manager be by now dumfounded . STREET in front of the HOTEL clarence a taxi stand at the curb . buljanoff and iranoff be wait beside it , iranoff hold a suitcase . kopalski , return from the hotel , join the group . kopalski comrade , why should we lie to each other ? it 's wonderful . iranoff let 's be honest . have we anything like it in Russia ? all three ( agree with he ) no , no , no . iranoff can you imagine what the bed would be in a hotel like that ? kopalski they tell I when you ring once the valet come in ; when you ring twice you get the waiter ; and do you know what happen when you ring three time ? a may come in -- a french may . iranoff ( with a gleam in he eye ) comrade , if we ring nine time ... let 's go in . buljanoff ( stop he ) just a minute -- just a minute -- I have nothing against the idea but I still say let 's go back to the Hotel terminus . Moscow make we reservation there , we be on a official mission , and we have no right to change the order of we superior . iranoff where be you courage , comrade buljanoff ? kopalski be you the buljanoff who fight on the barricade ? and now you be afraid to take a room with a bath ? buljanoff ( step back into the taxi ) I do not want to go to siberia . iranoff and kopalski follow he reluctantly . iranoff I do not want to go to the Hotel terminus . kopalski if lenin be alive he would say , " buljanoff , comrade , for once in you life you be in Paris . do not be a fool . go in there and ring three time . " iranoff he would not say that . what he would say be " buljanoff , you can not afford to live in a cheap hotel . do not the prestige of the bolsheviks mean anything to you ? do you want to live in a hotel where you press for the hot water and cold water come and when you press for the cold water nothing come out at all ? phooey , buljanoff ! " buljanoff ( weaken ) I still say we place be with the common people , but who be I to contradict lenin ? let 's go in . all three start to leave the taxi , as we dissolve to : lobby -- HOTEL clarence -- at the desk buljanoff , iranoff , and kopalski be approach the manager , they only suitcase carry by two of they . kopalski be you the manager ? manager ( eyeing the three suspiciously ) yes . kopalski pardon I for introduce comrade iranoff , member of the Russian board of Trade . manager ( bow with strain politeness ) monsieur . iranoff this be comrade kopalski . manager monsieur . buljanoff I be comrade buljanoff . manager monsieur . buljanoff May I ask how much you room be ? manager ( try to get rid of they ) well , gentleman , I be afraid we rate be rather high . buljanoff why should you be afraid ? the other two nod they agreement . the manager have note the single suitcase . manager ( haughtily ) I might be able to accommodate you . be there some more luggage ? iranoff oh , yes , but have you a safe here big enough to hold this ? manager I be afraid we have no box of that size in we vault , but there be one suite with a private safe ... iranoff that 's even better . manager but , gentleman , I be afraid ... buljanoff he 's always afraid . the other two exchange a look of agreement again . manager ( a little annoyed ) I just want to explain . the apartment may suit you convenience but I doubt that it will fit you conviction . it 's the Royal suite . the mention of the Royal suite startles the three . buljanoff Royal suite ! ( to the manager ) just a minute . the Three Russians take a step away from the manager and go into a huddle . buljanoff ( in a low voice ) now comrade , I warn you ... if it get out in Moscow that we stay in the Royal suite we will get into terrible trouble . iranoff ( defend he right to a good time ) we will just say we have to take it on account of the safe . that 's a perfect excuse . there be no other safe big enough . the other two welcome the suggestion with relish . buljanoff and iranoff that 's right . good , very good . suddenly buljanoff grow skeptical again . buljanoff of course , we could take out the piece and distribute they in three or four box in the vault and take a small room . that 's a idea , be not it ? for a moment all three see they bright plan crumble . then iranoff come to the rescue . iranoff yes , it 's a idea , but who say we have to have a idea ? buljanoff and kopalski see the logic of this and they face light up . both that 's right ... that 's right . buljanoff ( turn to the manager ) give we the Royal suite . the manager lead the three toward the elevator . the camera follows they and narrow down to the suitcase carry by two of the Russians . dissolve to : dark interior of safe -- royal suite we hear from the outside the turn of a key , the open of a door , then the turn of the dial , and then we see the safe door open . through the open door we now see the Royal suite . the Three Russians be stand in front of the safe . one of they put the suitcase into it . medium shot -- royal suite of the HOTEL clarence shoot from the interior of the room toward the safe . the Three Russians be stand around it . as buljanoff and iranoff close the safe door , kopalski walk out of the shot . the camera stays for a few second on buljanoff and iranoff , then pan over to the center of the room , where a waiter be set a breakfast table . he be the former Count rakonin , a Russian exile employ by the Hotel clarence . rakonin be look with great interest toward the safe , and as he do so we hear kopalski 's voice talk into the telephone . kopalski's voice will you connect I with mercier ... yes , the jeweler ... rakonin prick up he ear and look toward the telephone . close shot -- kopalski -- at telephone kopalski I want to speak with monsieur mercier personally ... hello , monsieur mercier ? this be kopalski of the Russian board of Trade . we arrive this morning ... thank you . close shot -- rakonin as he set the breakfast table , he interest in the telephone conversation increase . kopalski be voice yes , everything be here . the necklace too . all fourteen piece ... what ? no , monsieur mercier , the court jewel of the duchess swana consist of fourteen piece . why do not you check on that ? naturally , we have all the necessary credential . as the voice continue , we dissolve to : service staircase -- HOTEL clarence rakonin hurry down the stair , buttone he overcoat around he . he exit through a door to the street . STREET corner near the HOTEL clarence wipe to : rakonin be get into a taxi . rakonin ( to taxi driver ) eight rue de chalon . wipe to : insert the House number " 8 " above the doorway of a parisian apartment house . camera pull back to medium shot of the whole entrance . into it be stride a typical parisian playboy . he be Count Leon d' algout . entrance hall -- swana' apartment the door be be open by swana 's may . Leon enter like a man thoroughly at home . maid good morning , Count . leon good morning . maid her highness be still dress . leon ( as he walk toward swana 's door ) that 's all right . long shot -- swana' room swana sit at she dress table in a negligee . Leon enter with the easy air of a old friend . he kiss she lightly . swana hello , Leon ! leon good morning , swana . during swana 's long speech he sit down , not pay much attention to she patter , light a cigarette , and glance through a magazine . swana it 's really a wretch morning ... wretch . I can not get myself right . I want to look mellow and I look brittle . my face do not compose well ... all highlight ... how can I dim myself down , Leon ? suggest something . I be so bored with this face . I wish I have someone else 's face . whose face would you have if you have you choice ? oh , well , I guess one get the face one deserve . leon you conversation have one marvelous advantage , swana . however many question you ask you never expect a answer . swana do not you find that restful ?... why do not you come last night ? leon darling , I be busy look out for you interest . swana do you win ? leon ( enthusiastically ) we can forget horse racing , roulette , the stock market ... we worry be over ! you remember that platinum watch with the diamond number ? you will be in a position to give it to I . swana ( with humor ) oh , Leon , you be so good to I . ( she kiss he ) leon we can be rich if you say the word . I have dinner with the guizot last night . swana ( contemptuously ) that newspaper people ? leon you would be surprised how many nice people dine with the guizot . swana what a gruesome proof of the power of the press ! leon now listen , swana ... I sell monsieur guizot the idea of publishing you memoir in the gazette parisienne . " the life and love of the Grand duchess swana of Russia " ! swana ( protestingly ) oh , Leon ! leon sweetheart , we will not have to bother about we future if you be willing to raffle off you past ! swana be it for this that I refuse to endorse Dr. Bertrand 's mouthwash ? I could have make a little fortune by say that the Vincent vacuum cleaner be the only vacuum cleaner ever use by the romanoff ... and now you want they to smear my life 's secret over the front page of a tabloid ? leon I understand how you feel , but there be a limit to everything , particularly pride and dignity . they be willing to pay any price ! they have a circulation of two million ! swana imagine two million clerk and shop girl peek into my life for a sou ! think of my lovely life be wrap around cheese and blood sausage ! I can see a big grease spot in the midst of my most intimate moment ! Leon know on which note to play for swana 's benefit . leon well , I be the last person to persuade you , but do not do it blindly ... if this be you decision , you must be prepare to face the consequence ... ( with the expression of a man ready to give he all ) I will have to go to work . swana rise and go over to Leon . his method have be highly successful . swana my little volga boatman ! stop threaten ! I do not deserve this . ( embrace he ) be you my little volga boatman ? leon now , swana ... swana first tell I , be you my little volga boatman ? leon ( anything to stop she ) yes , I be you little volga boatman . swana ( walk back to the dress table ) well ... two million reader ... I know exactly what they want . chapter one : " a childhood behind Golden bar . Lovely Little princess Plays with rasputin 's beard . " Leon sit down next to she , grow enthusiastic . leon I have get one chapter guizot think be terrific . " caviar and blood . " swana escape over the ice ! swana a couple of bloodhound and we have uncle Tom 's cabin . leon ( think of another idea ) darling , this would be wonderful ! just once ... be not you attack by a bolshevik ? swana ( strain she memory ) be i? no ... not by a bolshevik ! leon too bad ! bring we price down ten thousand francs ! there be a knock on the door . swana come in . the maid enter . maid Count rakonin ask the privilege of a few word , you highness . leon Count rakonin ? swana he 's a waiter at the clarence , poor devil . you know he . leon oh , yes . swana tell he I will not be able to see he for a half a hour . maid the Count say if it could be as soon as possible . it be luncheon time and he be just between course . the maid exit . swana walk toward the door of the live room . live room -- swana' apartment a charming room , which manage to create a little of the atmosphere of Old Russia . rakonin stand , he overcoat still buttone about he , wait nervously . swana enter , leave the door ajar . rakonin approach she with the respect he would have pay she at the Imperial Court . rakonin you highness . swana how do you do , my friend . rakonin you highness , forgive this intrusion , but ... swana what be it , rakonin ? do you lose you job ? rakonin no , madame , something of the utmost importance ... it concern you jewel . swana my jewel ?! rakonin I remember one birthday of his majesty , we beloved czar ... I have the honor of be on guard at the summer palace ... I still see you bend before his majesty ... you wear you diadem and a necklace ... you face seem to be light by the jewel . swana ( puzzle ) why do you bring this up after so many year ? rakonin they be here !... you jewel !... here in Paris ! swana alexis ! do you know what you be say ? rakonin this morning three Soviet agent arrive . I overhear a telephone conversation with mercier , the jeweler . you highness , they be go to sell they ! medium shot -- door of bedroom from the door of the bedroom appear Leon , he face alert . leon do I hear something about jewel ? swana rakonin , bless he , have give I the most amazing news ! medium close -- swana and rakonin swana go to the telephone . swana ( into phone ) balzac 2769 ... ( to Leon ) my lawyer ... Leon step to she side , highly interested . rakonin I be sorry ... I have to leave . swana ( to rakonin ) thank you so much , my friend . I will get in touch with you . Count rakonin leave . swana ( into phone ) this be the duchess swana ... I want to speak to monsieur cornillon ... it 's very important ... please get he right away ... hello , monsieur cornillon ? the most incredible thing have happen ! my jewel be here in Paris ! Three bolshevik swine be try to sell they ! yes ... yes ... we must act immediately !... call the police ... have they arrest !... well , then , get a injunction !... but do something , monsieur cornillon ! ( apparently the answer be some objection from cornillon ) ... but they be my jewel ! there must be some way of get they back ! leon ( just as nervous as swana ) what do he say ? swana ( to Leon ) shhh ! ( into phone ) ... but how can there be a question ?... be you my lawyer or theirs ?... all right , I will let you know ! she hang up , rise , the legal situation whirling around in she brain . leon what do he say ? swana ( discourage ) it look pretty hopeless ... there may be a chance ... that 's all ... the french government have recognize Soviet Russia and he doubt that they will risk a war for my poor sake . he might be able to make up some kind of a case but it would cost money , money , money !... that 's all they be interested in -- that lawyer ! leon ( take she in he arm ) darling , calm down . why do you need a lawyer ? have not you you little volga boatman ? swana look up at he , hope dawn in she eye , as we insert of the jewel dissolve to : spread out on a table in the Royal suite . camera pull back to a longer shot . we see mercier , the jeweler , examine the jewel with a eyepiece screw in he eye . around he stand the Three Russians . mercier , a middle - age man of the great suavity and elegance , but a shrewd trader none the less , look up . mercier very good ... superb ... excellent ... it would be foolish to belittle the quality of the merchandise but you term be impossible . my counteroffer be the absolute maximum . kopalski but , monsieur mercier ... mercier ( continue ) gentlemen , I will let you in on a little secret ... we be only undertake this deal for the prestige involved , and , quite frankly , we be expect to take a loss . iranoff draw buljanoff aside and whisper in he ear . iranoff ( whisper ) capitalistic method ... buljanoff they accumulate million by take loss after loss . the telephone ring . buljanoff ( answer phone ) hello ... this be buljanoff , iranoff , and kopalski ... who ?... Count d' algout ?... no , no ... it must be a mistake ... we can not be disturb . mercier ( continue ) I assure you no one else could meet the figure name by my syndicate ... at least under the present economic condition . kopalski we can wait . iranoff ( pompously ) do we give the impression of people who be press for money ? mercier yes. gentlemen ... let 's put we card face down . right now there be a Russian commission in New York try to sell fifteen rembrandts . there be another in London mortgage the oil field in baku . you need money and you need it quickly . I think my offer be fair and do not even take advantage of you situation . close - up -- buljanoff , iranoff , and kopalski kopalski ( to mercier ) just a minute . the Three Russians step to one side . iranoff ( in a low voice ) he 's cut we throat ... buljanoff but what can we do ?... we have to accept . kopalski comrade ! comrade ! do not let 's give in so quickly . after all we have to uphold the prestige of Russia . buljanoff all right , let 's uphold it for another ten minute . shot of the whole group there be a knock at the door . iranoff walk toward it , unlock it , open it a little . in the door appear Leon . iranoff we do not want to be disturb . leon my name be Count d' algout . I telephone . iranoff if you want to see we you must come later . leon I just want a word with monsieur mercier . iranoff but you can not ... Leon push he way in . he approach monsieur mercier . the Russians get between he and the jewel and during the follow scene put they back into the safe . leon monsieur mercier . May I introduce myself ? I be Count Leon d' algout . I think I have the pleasure of meeting you in you beautiful shop . I be admire a platinum watch with diamond number . mercier oh , yes , yes ... leon ( glance at the jewel ) glorious , be not they ? kopalski now , monsieur , you have no right ... leon ( very charmingly ) just a moment . ( to mercier ) I hope you have not close this deal , monsieur mercier . it might bring you into serious difficulty . all three russian who be you ? what do you want ? what be this ? leon this jewel be the property of the duchess swana of Russia , and be seize illegally by the Soviet government . I be act for her highness , the duchess . here be my power of attorney . he hand it to mercier , who read it . iranoff ( excitedly ) you know , monsieur mercier , this be all non-sense . kopalski this may have be the jewel of the duchess swana , but , like all private property , they be confiscate by the State . leon we will leave the problem of they ownership to the french court . meanwhile I have file a petition for a injunction to prohibit you from either sell or remove the jewel . here be a copy . the Russians take the copy of the injunction , read it flabbergasted . as they do so , Leon turn to monsieur mercier . leon I think it my duty to warn you . I would hate to see you get in any trouble , monsieur . mercier thank you . ( he turn to the Russians ) gentlemen , this introduce a new element into we negotiation . until this claim be completely settle ... kopalski we can call we ambassador . iranoff I give you my word ! they be confiscate legally ! mercier please try to understand my position . I be not with -draw . my offer stand and as soon as you produce a clear title , approve by the french court , the deal be settle . until then , good day . he bow and start toward the door . Leon accompany he , open the door as though he be the host . leon ( intimately ) I hope you will forgive I , monsieur mercier . mercier ( in a low voice ) on the contrary . I consider myself very lucky . good day . he bow . leon ( bow ) good day , monsieur . mercier leave . Leon close the door and turn back into the room to the three outrage Russians . leon ( jauntily ) well , gentleman ... how about a little lunch ? iranoff get out of here ! leon do not look so gloomy , gentleman . all be not lose . you may have a chance . kopalski ( burst forth ) we may have a chance . leon yes ... a very slim one . I want to be fair . I do not deny that you might make out some kind of a case . kopalski we have not anything to discuss with you . we will talk to a lawyer ! leon all right -- go ahead ... you talk to the lawyer and I will talk to the judge ! iranoff that will not help you ! you can not intimidate we ! kopalski Soviet Russia will put all its might behind this case . buljanoff you think because you represent the former duchess ... leon the duchess ... buljanoff the former duchess ! leon in any case , gentleman , a charming , beautiful , exquisite woman . I warn you , if this case come to trial it will be before a french court , and when the duchess take the stand ... iranoff all right , go ahead , get she on the witness stand ! what can she say ? leon but how will she look ? the fashion this spring be very become to she . gentlemen , the judge will be french , the jury will be french , everybody in that courtroom will be french . have you ever see a french court when a beautiful woman sit on the witness stand and lift she skirt a little ? you sit down and pull up you pants and where will it get you ? iranoff I suppose you expect we to hand over the jewel ? leon oh , no , no . I be not a highwayman , I be just a nuisance . all I be try to do be make thing as difficult as possible . buljanoff not that we be give in one inch , but tell we ... what be in you mind ? leon well , gentleman , how about my proposition ? iranoff what proposition ? leon I just say let 's have a little lunch . ( pick up the telephone ) room service . medium shot -- corridor of the HOTEL clarence dissolve to : shoot toward door lead to the Royal suite . two waiter be wheeling in a table on which be a block of ice fill with caviar and a collection of the most delicious hor d'oeuvre . they enter the room . after the door be close we hear from within loud sound of approval from buljanoff , iranoff , and kopalski . the camera stays on the door . after a few second a very good - look cigarette girl enter the room and from within we hear even louder sound of approval . next a waiter enter carry champagne and another with glass on a tray . as they be go into the room , the cigarette girl come out and run excitedly down the corridor . camera pan with she away from the door as she start down the staircase . medium shot -- door of the royal suite some of the waiter come out , other go in , carry further delicacy . medium shot -- head of staircase up the staircase pants the cigarette girl , follow by two other cigarette girl . camera pan with they as they rush toward the door of the Royal suite and enter . from within we hear terrific greeting . the camera remains on the door as we slowly dissolve into evening . the electric light be light and a band of five hungarian musician enter carry typical hungarian instrument , include a cimbalom . long shot -- royal suite the orchestra be play ; the Three Russians , very high by now , be dance with the girl . one of they be wear the cigarette tray of one of the girl . it be a harmless but loud and hilarious party . apart from all the hullabaloo sit Leon at the desk , a telegraph blank before he . leon hey , sascha ! serge ! Misha ! the three come to he , all in the gayest , most agreeable mood . kopalski yes , Leon ... iranoff ( paw he ) what be it , my boy ? leon about this telegram to Moscow . why should you bother ? I will write it for you . buljanoff Leon ... leonitchka ... ( he embrace Leon ) why be you so good to we ? ( he kiss Leon ) iranoff ( kissing Leon too ) Leon , my little boy . kopalski ( join they ) oh , Leon , you be so good . leon ( freeing himself as best he can ) what 's the name of that commissar on the board of Trade ? iranoff razinin . leon ( write ) razinin , board of Trade , Moscow . kopalski you would not like razinin . buljanoff he 's a bad man . send people to siberia ! iranoff we do not like razinin . buljanoff ( again paw Leon ) we like you , Leon -- do not we like Leon ? the other join he and kiss Leon . iranoff and kopalski yes , we like Leon ... little leonitchka . this bring on a new frenzy of Russian affection . Leon frees himself and rise . leon how do this strike you ? commissar razinin , board of Trade , Moscow . unexpect situation here . duchess swana in Paris claim jewel , and have already bring injunction against sale or removal . after long and careful study we suggest in the interest of we beloved country a fifty - fifty settlement as best solution . iranoff , buljanoff , and kopalski . kopalski if we say that , Leon ... we will be send to siberia ! iranoff and if we have to go to siberia ... leon ( still look over the telegram ) I will send you a muff . buljanoff oh , why be you so good to we ? iranoff and kopalski yes , you be so good , Leon . again they overwhelm Leon with a avalanche of Russian affection . at this moment rakonin enter with some new bottle of champagne . the Russians immediately leave Leon and direct they affection toward rakonin , embrace and kissing he . all three russian comrade waiter , dear waiteritchka !... why be you so good to we ? you good waiter ! after rakonin have turn over the champagne to the Russians , Leon take he aside . leon take this telegram to the telegraph office at once ! rakonin yes , monsieur . he leave the room . close shot -- door leading to corridor of HOTEL clarence rakonin come out with the telegram . the camera pan with he as he hurry down the corridor , read it . the camera narrow down on a insert of the telegram as we dissolve to : telegraph wire over a wide sweep of country dissolve to : telegraph wire over the roof of moscow Pan down past the roof of a official building to a close shot of a window . behind it stand razinin , read the telegram . he be a violent , militant bolshevik . the telegram fill he with rage . as he crumple it , and stare into space , he expression bode ill for buljanoff , iranoff , and kopalski . fade out : medium shot -- upper corridor of HOTEL clarence fade in : shoot toward door of elevator . the elevator come up and stop , the door open , and the Three Russians step out . they be very smartly dress and look like any urbane gentleman come from the race . two of they have racing glass . as they walk toward the Royal suite , Lady lavenham , a elderly English aristocrat , come out of she room . lady lavenham good afternoon , messieur , me comrade . all three russian good afternoon , Lady lavenham . kopalski and how be Lord lavenham ? buljanoff ... and little Lady beatrice ? lady lavenham very well . do fortune favor you at the race ? iranoff comme ci , comme can . lady lavenham I understand ... nothing to write home about . buljanoff ( alarmed ) who want to write home about it ? lady lavenham it 's just a say . how about join we Saturday night for dinner ? we be have a few friend . kopalski be we free , buljanoff ? buljanoff possibly . iranoff we will manage . lady lavenham then let 's say at nine . buljanoff Black tie or white tie ? lady lavenham oh , let 's make it white . buljanoff certainly ! lady lavenham au revoir . all three russian au revoir . as they walk into the Royal suite , buljanoff toss off a urbane comment . buljanoff Nice people . anteroom of royal suite as the three enter , the telephone ring . buljanoff and kopalski go into the live room . iranoff answer the telephone . iranoff ( into telephone ) yes , Leon ... ( a little bit annoyed ) what be it , Leon ?... you can not hurry such thing ... you must give Moscow a little time ... there 's nothing we can do about it ... why do not you drop in later ?... au revoir ... he step into the live room . live room as iranoff enter buljanoff rush toward he . buljanoff Misha ! Misha ! iranoff what be it ? buljanoff a telegram from Moscow ! it must have be here all day ! kopalski ( join they and read telegram ) halt negotiation immediately . envoy extraordinary arrive Thursday six ten with full power . you authority cancel herewith . razinin . iranoff it be Thursday ! buljanoff it 's six o'clock already ! they rush into the bedroom . kopalski I always say it would be siberia ! dissolve to : lobby -- HOTEL clarence manager at desk . iranoff , buljanoff , and kopalski rush from the direction of the elevator . iranoff pause at the desk . the other go on to the door and wait for he there . iranoff ( to manager ) a special envoy be come from Moscow . he will occupy the Royal suite . move we thing to the smallest room you have get . manager yes , monsieur . iranoff right away ... instantly ! from the door buljanoff and kopalski call impatiently . buljanoff and kopalski iranoff ! iranoff I be come ! as he start toward the door , we dissolve to : platform -- paris railroad station the train have already arrive as the Three Russians hurry down the platform . neither do they know the name of the envoy extraordinary , nor he appearance , and they be search the crowd for some clue . iranoff this be a fine thing . maybe we have miss he already . kopalski how can you find somebody without know what he look like ? iranoff point to a bearded man with a knapsack . iranoff that must be the one ! buljanoff yes , he look like a comrade ! they follow the man , but just as they be ready to approach he he be greet by a german girl . both raise they hand in the Nazi salute . beard man and girl Heil Hitler ! as the two embrace , the Three Russians stop in they track . kopalski no , that 's not he ... buljanoff positively not ! by now the platform be almost empty . as the Russians in the foreground look around helplessly , we see in the background a woman who obviously be also look for someone . it be ninotchka yakushova , the envoy extraordinary . the Russians exchange troubled look and go toward she . ninotchka come forward . as they meet she speak . ninotchka ( to iranoff ) I be look for Michael simonovitch iranoff . iranoff I be Michael simonovitch iranoff . ninotchka I be Nina ivanovna yakushova , envoy extraordinary , act under direct order of comrade commissar razinin . present I to you colleague . they shake hand . ninotchka 's grip be strong as a man' . iranoff comrade buljanoff ... ninotchka comrade . iranoff comrade kopalski ... ninotchka comrade . iranoff what a charming idea for Moscow to surprise we with a lady comrade . kopalski if we have know we would have greet you with flower . ninotchka ( sternly ) do not make a issue of my womanhood . we be here for work ... all of we . let 's not waste time . shall we go ? the Russians be take aback . as ninotchka bend down to lift she two suitcase , iranoff call : iranoff porter ! a porter step up to they . porter here , please ... ninotchka what do you want ? porter May I have you bag , madame ? ninotchka why ? kopalski he be a porter . he want to carry they . ninotchka ( to porter ) why ?... why should you carry other people 's bag ? porter well ... that 's my business , madame . ninotchka that 's no business ... that 's a social injustice . porter that depend on the tip . kopalski ( try to take ninotchka 's bag ) allow I , comrade . ninotchka no , thank you . ninotchka take both suitcase and walk away with the Three Russians , whose nervousness have increase with every word from the envoy extraordinary . buljanoff how be thing in Moscow ? ninotchka very good . the last mass trial be a great success . there be go to be fewer but better Russians . the heart of the Three Russians drop to they boot , as we dissolve to : lobby -- HOTEL clarence ninotchka , follow by the Russians , come through the lobby , observe every detail of this unfamiliar surroundings . suddenly she stop . in the showcase of a hat shop in the lobby be display a hat of the John -frederic 's type . ninotchka what 's that ? kopalski it 's a hat , comrade , a woman 's hat . ninotchka shake she head . ninotchka tsk , tsk , tsk , how can such a civilization survive which permit woman to put thing like that on they head . it will not be long now , comrade . she walk out of the shot toward the elevator , follow by the Three Russians , as we dissolve to : royal suite ninotchka enter , follow by the Three Russians , who by now be frighten to death . buljanoff this be the apartment we have reserve for you , comrade yakushova . I hope you like it . ninotchka ( glance around the tremendous room ) which part of the room be mine ? iranoff you see ... it be a little different here . they do not rent room in piece . we have to take the whole suite . ninotchka begin to unpack she thing and put she typewriter on the desk . ninotchka how much do this cost ? iranoff two thousand francs . ninotchka a week ? iranoff a day . ninotchka do you know how much a cow cost , comrade iranoff ? iranoff a cow ? ninotchka two thousand francs . if I stay here a week I will cost the Russian people seven cow . ( with a outburst of emotion ) who be I to cost the Russian people seven cow ? buljanoff we have to take it on account of the safe . iranoff for ourselves ... we be much happier now since we move to a little room next to the servant ' quarter . ninotchka take lenin 's picture from she bag . ninotchka I be ashamed to put the picture of lenin in a room like this . ( she put the photograph on the desk ) comrade , you telegram be receive with great disfavor in Moscow . kopalski we do we best , comrade . ninotchka I hope so for you sake . ( she sit at she desk and start to type she report ) let we examine the case . what do the lawyer say ? buljanoff which lawyer ? ninotchka you do not get legal advice ? buljanoff we do not want to get mix up with lawyer . they be very expensive here . if you just say hello to a lawyer ... well , there go another cow . kopalski we deal directly with the representative of the Grand duchess . I be sure if we call he he will give you a very clear picture . ninotchka I will not repeat you mistake . I will have no dealing with the Grand duchess nor she representative . ninotchka continue to type . the Three Russians watch she nervously . each click pound on they conscience . ninotchka ( look up ) comrade buljanoff ... buljanoff yes , comrade ? ninotchka do you spell buljanoff with one or two f's ? buljanoff ( with fright in he voice ) with two f's , if you please . ninotchka go on with she type . suddenly she look up at iranoff , who become self - conscious and fix he tie . as he do so he see that ninotchka 's glance be concentrate on the spat which he be wear and in he hurry forget to remove . he know it be too late to do anything about it except to stand one foot behind the other , as ninotchka type faster , the click of she key twice as loud . ninotchka pick up the telephone . ninotchka ( into phone ) will you send I some cigarettes , please ? ( suddenly get up ) comrade , I be not in a position to pass final judgment but at best you have be careless in you duty to the state. ( with utmost gravity ) you be entrust with more than a mere sale of jewelry . why be we peddle we precious possession to the world at this time ? we next year 's crop be in danger and you know it . unless we can get foreign currency to buy tractor there will not be enough bread for we people . and you three comrade ... kopalski we do it with the best intention ... ninotchka we can not feed the Russian people on you intention . fifty per cent to a so-called duchess !... half of every loaf of bread to we enemy ! comrade kopalski , go at once to we embassy and get the address of the best lawyer in Paris . kopalski yes , comrade . ninotchka you , comrade iranoff , go to the Public Library and get I the section of the Civil code on property . buljanoff be there anything I can do , comrade ? ninotchka you might get I a accurate map of Paris . I want to use my spare time to inspect the public utility and make a study of all outstanding technical achievement in the city . buljanoff yes , comrade . the buzzer ring . ninotchka come in . the three cigarette Girls enter . cigarette girl ( gaily ) hello ! hello ! cigarettes ? ninotchka look up astonished . see she , the cigarette Girls freeze . the Russians stand by quietly . ninotchka ( look at the Russians ) comrade , you seem to have be smoking a lot . fade out : medium shot -- lobby -- HOTEL clarence -- evening fade in : shoot past the desk toward the revolve door . the telephone ring and the desk clerk answer . desk clerk desk ... yes , monsieur kopalski ... ( he write down the message ) ... you be expect Count d' algout ... uh huh ... but he be not to go to the Royal suite under any circumstance . he should go to you new room , 985 ? thank you , monsieur . ( he hang up the receiver ) a few second later ninotchka , naturally completely unaware of the telephone conversation , pass by . she carry a map in she hand . desk clerk good evening , madame . ninotchka good evening . she exit out the door . exterior , HOTEL clarence ninotchka emerge , unfold the map . close - up -- map of paris in the hand of ninotchka . the camera zoom down to a close - up of the little draw of the Hotel clarence on the map . the camera then pan over from the clarence toward the opposite side of the street , but before we reach the opposite side we see that in the center of the street be a little isle of safety . the camera proceed panning to the opposite side of the square and we dissolve to : the Real location correspond to that see on the map and see from the same angle . it be evening , and along the street come Leon on he way to the hotel . the camera pan with he as he cross the street . he reach the isle of safety and there pass ninotchka , who have come from the other side . they pass on the little isle without notice each other . suddenly we hear the whistle of a traffic policeman and both ninotchka and Leon have to step back to the little isle . close shot -- ninotchka and leon on the little isle . wanting some information ninotchka turn to he -- completely impersonal . ninotchka you , please . leon I ? ninotchka yes . could you give I some information ? leon gladly . ninotchka how long do we have to wait here ? leon well -- until the policeman whistle again . ninotchka at what interval do he whistle ? leon what ? ninotchka how many minute between the first and second whistle ? leon that 's funny . it 's interesting . I never give it a think before . ninotchka have you never be catch in a similar situation ? leon have I ? do you know when I come to think about it it 's staggering . if I add it all up I must have spend year wait for signal . imagine ! a important part of my life waste between whistle . ninotchka in other word you do not know . leon no . ninotchka thank you . leon you be welcome . ninotchka get out she map , start to unfold it . leon can I help you ? ninotchka you might hold this for I . leon Love to . ninotchka ( engross in she geography ) correct I if I be wrong ... we be face north , be not we ? leon ( bewilder ) facing north ... I would hate to commit myself without my compass ... pardon I ... be you a explorer ? ninotchka no ... I be look for the eiffel Tower . leon be that thing lose again ?... listen ... if you be interested in a view ... ninotchka I be interested in the eiffel Tower from a technical standpoint . leon technical ... I could not help you from that angle . you see , a real parisian only go to the top of the tower in moment of despair to jump off . ninotchka how long do it take a man to land ? leon now , be not that too bad ! the last time I jump I forget to clock it ! ( look at map ) let I see ... eiffel Tower ... you finger , please . he take she finger and point to the map with it . ninotchka ( skeptically ) why do you need my finger ? leon bad manners to point with you own ... here ... the eiffel Tower . ninotchka and where be we ? leon ( shifting she finger back to the hotel ) here ... here we be ... here you be and here I be ... feel it ? ninotchka I be interested only in the shortest distance between this two point . must you flirt ? leon I do not have to but I find it natural . ninotchka suppress it . leon I will try . ninotchka start to fold she map . ninotchka for my own information would you call you approach toward I typical of the local morale ? leon Madame , it be that kind of approach which have make Paris what it be . ninotchka you be very sure of yourself , be not you ? leon nothing have occur recently to shake my confidence . ninotchka I have hear of the arrogant male in capitalistic society . it be have a superior earning power that make you like that . leon a Russian ! I love Russians ! comrade ... I have be fascinate by you five - Year plan for the past fifteen year ! ninotchka you type will soon be extinct . she walk away from he coldly . Leon stare after she , fascinate . entrance -- ground floor of the eiffel tower dissolve to : camera move with ninotchka as she enter . she approach a attendant . ninotchka please ... can you tell I the exact width of the foundation on which the pier be rest ?... and the depth ? attendant you do not have to worry . the thing be safe . ninotchka I be not afraid ... I want to know ... Leon , who apparently have take a taxi and prepare himself otherwise , enter the scene , read from a book . leon ( read ) the foundation be one hundred and forty - one yard square ... ( he tip he hat and interject ) I hope you will forgive I but I think you would ... ninotchka ( interrupt ) go ahead . the camera go with ninotchka and Leon as they walk toward the step . leon ( continue ) four massive pier of masonry be sink to a depth of forty - six foot on the side of the seine , and twenty - nine and one- half foot on the other side . the girder of interlace iron - work which stay the structure have a inclination of fifty - four degree ... ninotchka that 's a strange angle . leon yes , very strange . by now they have reach the staircase . they start up . leon ( continue to read ) ascend to the tower be a staircase consist of eight hundred and twenty - nine step ... ( this disclosure frighten Leon as he realize the climb ahead of he . he read on as they walk up ) ... and a additional two hundred and fifty - four step to the very top ... ( now Leon stop but ninotchka proceed on out of the picture . Leon call after she and read from he book in a loud voice ) there be a elevator include in the price of admission ! ninotchka continue to climb . medium shot -- stair ( from leon' angle ) ninotchka , pay no attention to he , walk up the stair , two at a time . close shot -- leon he look after ninotchka , then make up he mind and return down the stair . ground floor -- eiffel tower , shoot toward the elevator door . the elevator with several passenger be just about to leave when Leon hurry into it . the door close and the elevator start to ascend quickly . dissolve to : highest platform -- eiffel tower the camera angle include the elevator door and a beautiful background view of Paris . the elevator door open and Leon emerge leisurely . he be just about to step to the top of the staircase , when suddenly , to he great amazement , he see ninotchka , who stand at the balustrade overlook Paris . she have climb the tower faster than he despite the elevator . dumbfound , Leon approach she . ninotchka turn , very matter - of -fact . ninotchka you give I some very valuable information . thank you . leon ( look at the dazzle view ) and thank you for get I up here . I have never see this before . beautiful , be not it ? ninotchka yes , it be . leon I be glad I see it before become extinct . ninotchka do not misunderstand I . I do not hold you frivolity against you . ( she look he up and down ) as basic material you might not be bad , but you be the unfortunate product of a doom culture . I feel sorry for you . leon you must admit that this doom old civilization sparkles ... it glitter ! night View of Paris with its light ablaze , as see from the eiffel Tower . ninotchka and leon ninotchka I do not deny its beauty , but it be a waste of electricity . leon what a city ! there be the grands boulevard ... blast out of the heart of the old street . the Arc de triomphe ... make to greet napoleon 's army . the Opera ! and Montmartre ... Montparnasse ... La bohème ... and now I will show you the great attraction ! ( he step to a telescope and , take some money from he pocket , drop a coin in the slot ) it will cost I a franc but it be worth it . ( he adjust the telescope ) the most wonderful spot in all Paris -- unique ! here , look .... ( she look in telescope ) what do you see ? ninotchka I see a house that look like any other house . what 's remarkable about it ? leon it 's not the structure but the spirit which dwell within . there be three room and a kitchenette dedicated to hospitality . ninotchka so that be you house ? leon well , let 's say I live in it . such a pleasant place ... all kind of comfort , easy to reach , close to street car , bus , and subway ... ninotchka ( straight from the shoulder ) do that mean that you want I to go there ? leon ( feel that he have offended she ) please do not misunderstand I ... ninotchka then you do not want I to go there . leon ( in a pickle ) now I do not say that either ... naturally nothing would please I more . ninotchka ( simply ) then why do not we go ? ( look at he ) you might be a interesting subject of study . leon I will do my best . they walk toward the elevator as we dissolve to : interior , entrance hall -- leon' apartment in the foreground stand a console on which be a telephone . gaston , Leon 's elderly , dignify butler , be answer the phone . gaston ( into phone ) no ... Count d' algout be still out . yes , as soon as he return I will tell he . yes ... I will tell he monsieur buljanoff . he put down the receiver as Leon open the door with he key . ninotchka and Leon enter . ninotchka , during the follow scene , be study every detail of the apartment with the eye of a technical expert . leon good evening , gaston . gaston good evening , monsieur . ninotchka be this what you call the " butler " ? leon yes . ninotchka ( take gaston 's hand ) good evening , comrade . ( to Leon ) this man be horribly old . you should not make he work . leon he take good care of that . ninotchka he look sad . do you whip he ? leon no , though the mere think make my mouth water . ninotchka ( to the completely flabbergasted gaston ) the day will come when you will be free . go to bed , little father . we want to be alone . Leon open the door to the live room . ninotchka enter . just as he be about to follow she , gaston address he . gaston ( in a low voice ) Count d' algout , there have be several telephone ... leon go to bed . interior , live room -- leon' apartment Leon enter the room . close the door . ninotchka be examine the room . leon well , may I offer you a drink , or how about something to eat ? ninotchka thank you . I have have all the calory necessary for today . Leon feel a little uncertain as to how to approach this creature . ninotchka what do we do now ? leon we take off we hat and coat . ( he take she thing ) we sit down -- we make ourselves comfortable . we adjust ourselves to the prospect of a most enjoyable evening . we look at each other . we smile . ( ninotchka do not respond ) well ... we do not smile . how about some music ? ninotchka be that customary ? leon it help . it have ever since King David woo bathsheba with the harp . as I be not so fortunate as to have my harp at hand , I shall turn on the radio . ninotchka ( the observer ) I should say this room be eighteen by twenty - five . leon not too big and not too small . what I would call the typical room of a average man . or shall we say a little above average . now if there be any special aspect you wish to study I have nothing to conceal . just look around . that 's my desk . that be my book , and here be I . where shall we begin ? ninotchka I will start with you . leon that 's great . I be thirty - five year old . just over six foot tall . I weigh a hundred and eighty - two pound stripped . ninotchka and what be you profession ? leon keeping my body fit , keep my mind alert , keep my landlord appease . that 's a full - time job . ninotchka and what do you do for mankind ? leon for mankind not a thing -- for womankind the record be not quite so bleak . ninotchka you be something we do not have in Russia . leon thank you . thank you . ninotchka that be why I believe in the future of my country . leon I begin to believe in it myself since I have meet you . I still do not know what to make of it . it confuse I , it frighten I a little , but it fascinate I , ninotchka . ninotchka you pronounce it incorrectly . ni - notchka . leon ni-notchka . ninotchka that be correct . leon ninotchka , do you like I just a little bit ? ninotchka you general appearance be not distasteful . leon thank you . ninotchka look at I . the white of you eye be clear . you cornea be excellent . leon you cornea be terrific . tell I -- you be so expert on thing -- can it be that I be fall in love with you ? ninotchka you be bring in wrong value . Love be a romantic designation for a most ordinary biological , or shall we say chemical , process . a lot of nonsense be talk and write about it . leon oh , I see . what do you use instead ? ninotchka I acknowledge the existence of a natural impulse common to all . leon what can I possibly do to encourage such a impulse in you ? ninotchka you do not have to do a thing . chemically we be already quite sympathetic . leon ( bewilder , and yet completely intrigue ) you be the most improbable creature I have ever meet in my life , ninotchka , ninotchka ... ninotchka you repeat yourself . leon I would like to say it a thousand time . ninotchka do not do it , please . leon I be at a loss , ninotchka . you must forgive I if I appear a little old - fashioned . after all , I be just a poor bourgeois . ninotchka it 's never too late to change . I use to belong to the petty bourgeoisie myself . my father and mother want I to stay and work on the farm , but I prefer the bayonet . leon ( bewilder ) the bayonet ? do you really ? ninotchka I be wounded before Warsaw . leon wound ? how ? ninotchka I be a sergeant in the third cavalry Brigade . would you like to see my wound ? leon ( dumfounded ) I would love to . ( she pull the blouse off she shoulder and show he she scar ) tsk , tsk , tsk . ninotchka a Polish lancer . I be sixteen . leon poor ninotchka . poor , poor ninotchka . ninotchka ( readjust she blouse ) do not pity I . pity the Polish lancer . after all , I be alive . more and more puzzle and fascinate , Leon sit down close to she . leon what kind of a girl be you , anyway ? ninotchka just what you see . a tiny cog in the great wheel of evolution . leon you be the most adorable cog I ever see in my life . ninotchka , cogitska , let I confess something . never do I dream I could feel like this toward a sergeant . a clock strike . leon do you hear that ? ninotchka it 's twelve o'clock . leon it 's midnight . one half of Paris be make love to the other half . look at the clock . one hand have meet the other hand . they kiss . be not that wonderful ? ninotchka that 's the way a clock work . there 's nothing wonderful about it . you merely feel you must put yourself in a romantic mood to add to you exhilaration . leon I can not possibly think of a better reason . ninotchka it 's false sentimentality . leon ( try desperately to make she mood more romantic ) you analyze everything out of existence . you analyze I out of existence . I will not let you . Love be not so simple . ninotchka , ninotchka , why do dove bill and coo ? why do snail , coldest of all creature , circle interminably around each other ? why do moth fly hundred of mile to find they mate ? why do flower open they petal ? oh , ninotchka , ninotchka , surely you feel some slight symptom of the divine passion ... a general warmth in the palm of you hand ... a strange heaviness in you limb ... a burn of the lip that be not thirst but a thousand time more tantalize , more exalting , than thirst ? he pause , wait for the result of he speech . ninotchka you be very talkative . that be too much for Leon . he take she into he arm and kiss she . leon be that talkative ? ninotchka no , that be restful . again . Leon kiss she again . ninotchka thank you . leon oh , my barbaric ninotchka . my impossible , unromantic , statistical ... the telephone ring . leon ( continue ) glorious , analytical ... ninotchka the telephone be ringing . leon oh , let it ring . ninotchka but one of you friend may be in need of you . you must answer . Leon exit out of shot to answer telephone . close shot -- at desk Leon enter , sit down , take the telephone . leon ( into phone ) hello ?... yes ... I be sorry but I could not make it . I run into a friend from the army ... what ?... the deal be off ! be you crazy , buljanoff ?... close - up -- ninotchka she be startle by the name . leon -- at telephone leon ... a special envoy arrive ... what ?... that sound better . I will be glad to see she any time she want ... oh , she do not want to see I ? what do you know about that ? why ?... well , I will get in touch with she myself . what 's she name ?... ( he take a pencil and a piece of paper ) ... what ?... yaku ... how do you spell it ?... heavens ! that Russian name ! ( he start to write it down ) ... I ... oh , y ... camera pull back and ninotchka enter the shot . she take pencil from Leon 's hand , write out the name , and leave again . at first Leon be not aware of the full significance of she action . then it dawns on he . leon ( continue ) yakushova ... ninotch ... at last the situation be entirely clear to he . leon ( into phone ) all right . thank you . he hang up and stare at ninotchka . she be put on she jacket . leon ( camera pan with he as he walk over to she ) ninotchka ... he take she arm . ninotchka I must go . leon ninotchka , or shall I say special envoy yakushova ... ninotchka let 's forget that we ever meet . leon I have a better suggestion . let 's forget that the telephone ever ring . I never hear that you be yakushova ... you be ninotchka ... my ninotchka ... ninotchka ( firmly ) I be send here by my country to fight you . leon all right , fight I , fight I as much as you want , but fight I tomorrow morning ! there 's nothing sweeter than share a secret with a bitter enemy . ninotchka ( uncompromisingly ) as a representative of Moscow ... leon tonight let 's not represent anybody but ourselves . ninotchka it be out of the question . if you wish to approach I ... leon you know I want to ... ninotchka then do it through my lawyer ! leon ( desperate ) ninotchka , you can not walk out like this ... I be crazy about you , and I think I would make a impression on you . you like the white of my eye . ninotchka look at he for a second , then pull herself together . ninotchka I must go . she start for the door . leon but , ninotchka , I hold you in my arm . you kiss I ! ninotchka I kiss the Polish lancer too ... before he die . as she go out , we fade out : the entrance hall -- leon' apartment fade in : ( note : we have to invent some brief scene to indicate that three day have go by . from this we ) dissolve to : the butler open the door . swana enter , she manner show she complete familiarity with the place . gaston good morning , you highness . swana good morning , gaston . gaston Count d' algout be still asleep . swana ( as she walk toward Leon 's room ) that 's all right . leon' bedroom the curtain be draw . the night light be still on . Leon , a dress gown over he pajamas , be sound asleep in a big arm chair . as swana enter , she see he with some alarm . swana Leon ! what in heaven 's name ...! leon huh ? swana be anything wrong ? be you ill ? leon no . swana do not tell I the bed have lose its best friend . leon I just could not sleep . I get up and go back ... and then get up again . this last few day ... whew ! swana darling , you be take my business affair far too seriously . much as I would love to rob the bolsheviks of they filthy money , I will not do it at the expense of you health . particularly as we know we will not get much . ( tenderly ) you look so pale ... pale but interesting . there be a knock at the door . swana come in . gaston enter with a breakfast tray . gaston you breakfast , monsieur . leon I do not feel like any breakfast . swana nonsense . how can you fight the reds and make yourself agreeable to the whites if you do not keep up you strength . gaston shall I draw you bath , sir ? leon make it ice cold . swana not in you condition . ( to gaston ) make it tepid , gaston ... tepid and tender . and lay out he gray suit . ( to Leon ) afterwards I will drive you through the bois. slowly ... in waltz time . gaston a blue shirt , perhaps ? swana Blue ? let 's offset he mood . find a stripe one , and brighten it with a great blaze of tie . gaston very well , you highness . gaston disappear into the bath-dress room . swana make Leon sit down and seat herself beside he . swana now ... here we have two very handsome soft-boile egg . do you suppose hen mind what happen to they egg ? probably not . they have such unfeel eye . we will put in a great nugget of butter , plenty of pepper and salt ... darling , I have not see you for three livelong day ... seventy - two hour ! leon ( irritably ) oh , please , swana ! I do not know whether I be stand on my head or my heel . here you be blame I for neglect you when I be try to concentrate on another woman and can not get near she . swana you have not see she yet ? leon no , and believe I I have try everything ! I must have telephone she a hundred time . I have send she telegram , I have send she flower ... I ask she to dinner ... I offer she seat for the Opera ... swana that proletarian ! in the old day we would have have she flogge . leon that would not have do any good . not with she . ( forget himself ) she 's the most incredible creature I have ever see . swana you just tell I you have not see she . leon well ... er ... I catch a glimpse of she when she walk through the lobby . swana imagine the carpet of a self - respect parisian hotel dirtied by the boot of a muzhik ! what do she look like ? leon you can not imagine . swana that bad ? ( Leon nod ) Old or young ? leon timeless . when she come into a room you would think that the bolsheviks have take over Paris . she wear she cheap miserable blouse as though it be the latest model by schiaparelli . what a woman ! what a woman ! there be a Russian snowstorm in each of she eye . swana you see all that in one glimpse ? leon ( get up ) darling , if we be go to get anywhere someone have to keep he eye open ! ( he walk over to the bathroom ) swana now , darling , soak in you beautiful pine bath and let gaston shave you . Leon exit into the bathroom . as he do so a bell ring . swana gaston ! there be no answer . after a slight pause she herself go to answer the bell . dissolve to : medium shot -- entrance hall -- leon' apartment , shoot toward the door . swana go to the door and open it . the Three Russians stand outside . see swana , they be a little intimidate . the three russian how do you do ? swana suspect that for the first time she be be confront by representative of the Soviet government . swana yes ? kopalski we want to talk to Count d' algout . my name be kopalski . swana oh ... you be the three gentleman from Moscow ? kopalski yes . swana ( icily ) you may wait . she close the door . staircase hall -- in front of leon' door the Three Russians , very impressed , stand look at the door which have just be close . buljanoff that 's she . kopalski imagine ! the niece of the czar open the door for we . buljanoff once in Petersburg I be drive down the nevsky prospect in my cart and her highness in she troika sweep down from the opposite direction , and when I could not make way quick enough she spat in my face . iranoff now look here , buljanoff . you never be in Petersburg , you never own a cart , and she never spat in you face . who be you try to impress ? at this moment the door be open by Leon in he bathrobe . leon hello , boy . all three russian Leon ! leon come in , come in . they enter . live room -- leon' apartment Leon and the Three Russians enter . leon what 's new ? kopalski ( excitedly ) Leon , leonitchka , she be not go to negotiate ! she be go to fight that injunction . she 's go to make a precedent of it ! iranoff she say she will not be intimidate by parasite . she call the duchess a blood-suck aristocrat and a blackmailer . leon ( eagerly ) what do she say about I ? iranoff ( after a moment 's consideration ) I think she cover you with the parasite . Leon be disappointed . buljanoff and leonitchka ! what she say about we ...! iranoff and they might believe she in Moscow . buljanoff what do you mean they might -- they will ! kopalski we do not blame you , Leon , but when we come from Russia we believe in simplicity ... iranoff we avoid luxury and extravagance and today ... well , if you be to offer we a glass of champagne , we would not say no . Leon be so engross in he thought that he overlook the hint . leon well , boy , I would like to help you but what can I do ? yesterday I wait six hour in the lobby ! kopalski she do not leave she room ! she have be lock in for the last two day with lawyer and law book ! leon all right , then make a appointment with she so I can see she ! kopalski we can not ... but you be so ingenious , Leon ... iranoff you find you way to we and we be not easy to reach , be we ? leon no , no . buljanoff do not we put up a strong resistance ? leon oh , yes , yes . kopalski you must help we , Leon ... if you do not win she over we be on we way to siberia ! buljanoff or it might be the fire squad ! kopalski or we can not go back to Russia ! a idea dawns on iranoff . iranoff what 's wrong with that ? kopalski and buljanoff seize on the same idea . buljanoff yes ! we could stay with Leon ! iranoff Leon , how would you like to have three lifelong friend ? leon boy , boy ... do not forget Russia be you mother country . Three son walk out all at once ... that 's too much for any mother . buljanoff well , if you mother turn against you , you have to look for someone to adopt you . swana 's voice come from the next room . swana Leon ! just a minute ... Leon go back to the other room . leon' bedroom -- close shot , shoot toward the door of the live room . swana stand put on she glove . swana I be leave , dear . I be lunching at fouquet 's if you can make it , and ... Leon , remember , a man should think it over twice before he decide to become a mother . she kiss he lightly and walk out . live room -- royal suite -- medium close shot -- at the desk it be pile deep with law book and papers . ninotchka sit at it , confer with two lawyer . first lawyer ( uncertainly ) I seem to remember some additional injunctive provision deal with the property of foreigner reside in France . ninotchka ( with the precision of a machine ) you be refer to paragraph 59 b , section 25 for of the Civil code . the lawyer exchange a glance of surprise at she knowledge . one of they take up one of the law book and as he start to look up the case , ninotchka speak . ninotchka page eight hundred twenty - four . again the lawyer exchange a glance of astonishment . ninotchka and do not fail to read the three footnote . while you be study it I will eat . ( she pick up the telephone ) food please . a little corner in the room service pantry rakonin be answer the telephone . rakonin ( into phone ) room service ... just a moment please . he beckon to someone out of the scene . Leon enter the scene and take the telephone . leon ( with a assume french accent -- into phone ) room service speak . close shot -- ninotchka -- at the phone ninotchka ( into phone ) send I a plate of raw carrot and beet , beet predominating on a ratio of sixty - forty ... what ? there be a strike in the kitchen ? good ! will you assure the striker of my hearty sympathy in they cause . I hope they will not weaken in they demand and tell they to put no dress whatsoever on my vegetable ... what ? you will not serve I either ? now look here , comrade , I think it be a fine idea to let the capitalist go without luncheon but when you keep food away from I you be weaken the people . close shot -- room -service pantry -- leon at phone leon ( into phone ) so ! you want to make a strike breaker out of I ! I be surprised at you , comrade ! be it too much for the worker of the world to ask you to walk around the corner for lunch ? all I can say to you be take you hammer and sickle and get out of that Royal suite ! he hang up the telephone with a triumphant smile . dissolve to : lobby of the HOTEL clarence ninotchka emerge from the elevator and start toward the street . as she pass the showcase of the millinery shop again , she stop and look at the same hat . again she shake she head sadly . ninotchka tsk , tsk , tsk . she walk toward the street , as we exterior , HOTEL clarence dissolve to : a taxi be park at the curb . ninotchka come from the hotel and go to the taxi . close shot -- ninotchka and taxi driver the Driver put he hand on the handle of he cab 's door expectantly . taxi driver where to , madame ? ninotchka can you recommend a restaurant ? taxi driver well , there 's prunier if you care for seafood . if you want to lunch in the bois , there 's ... ninotchka ( interrupt ) where do you eat ? taxi driver at père mathieu 's . ninotchka where be that ? taxi driver it 's just a place for workmen . ninotchka where be it ? taxi driver eight block down in the rue de poivrel . he open the door of he cab . ninotchka thank you . she turn and start away in the direction he have indicate . the Driver look after she astound . the camera pan from she to the car which stand behind the taxi . it be Leon 's smart roadster . Leon sit at the wheel . he too be look after ninotchka , astonished . he get out of he car and start in the direction she have take . as he do so , we dissolve to : paris STREET -- in front of père mathieu be père mathieu 's be a workman 's restaurant set a few step below the level of the sidewalk . a few typical french workmen be go in for lunch . ninotchka enter the scene , look around for a second , then go in too . interior -- père mathieu be it be a pleasantly simple place crowded with workmen sit at lunch . a electric piano be play . père mathieu , greeting all he guest like a typical restaurateur , see ninotchka enter . père mathieu this way , madame . be you alone ? by the window perhaps ? ( he lead the way ) or a nice little corner table ? ninotchka this will do . ( she sit down ) père mathieu I think this be the first time you have be to my little place . you face be new to I . now , what shall it be ? ninotchka Raw carrot and beet . père mathieu ( horrify ) oh , madame ! this be a restaurant , not a meadow . he hand she a slate on which the menu be write . père mathieu here be what we be offer today . please make you choice . I be sure you will find something to tempt you appetite . suddenly ninotchka stare in the direction of the door . medium shot -- at the door Leon have just enter . the camera follow he as he make he way casually in ninotchka 's direction affect not to see she . he seat himself at the table directly opposite ninotchka and pretend to be overwhelm with surprise as he see she . leon why , hello ! it certainly be a small world ! shot including both table père mathieu ( to ninotchka ) well , madame ? shall we start with soup ? Fish soup today . I get up at five to fish they from the seine . leon ( call over to père mathieu ) crayfish soup for I ! père mathieu ( to Leon ) very well , monsieur . ( back to ninotchka ) then , may I suggest a omelet with mushroom ? ninotchka bring I something simple . I never think about food . père mathieu ( horrify ) but , madame ! if you do not think about food what do you think about ? ninotchka the future of the common people . père mathieu ( sagely ) that also be a question of food , madame . I will bring you a nice little lunch à la père mathieu . ( he exit ) Leon lean toward ninotchka with mock humility . leon pardon I for address you but you insulted he , you know that . you hurt he feeling . it be just like tell a musician you do not like music . that good old man believe in food as you believe in Karl marx . you can not go around hurt people , comrade yakushova , but maybe you can make it up to he . do you know how ? ( he change to the chair at he table which be close to she table ) by eat everything with relish , by drink everything with gusto , by have a good time for the first time in you natural life ! ninotchka I do not like you follow I . leon I do not follow you . ninotchka then how do you get here ? leon I always eat here . ninotchka this be a place for workmen . leon ( lay it on thick ) but my dear child , I be most at home among work man . I hate the place where you circulate -- the Hotel clarence ... this be my natural element . after all , what be any of we ? Workingmen ! at least , that of we who be worth we salt . hyah ? he wave off scene to a truckman . truckman he be in the middle of a enormous gulp of food . he register surprise , wink at he companion , and then , decide to humor a drunk , wave back energetically at Leon in greeting . CUT back to : close shot -- leon and ninotchka Leon have be so successful with the truckman he try it on another . leon hyah ! another truckman respond with equal exuberance . long shot -- restaurant Leon , intoxicate with he success , wave to the whole room . leon hyah , fellow ! he get a wonderful response from all . they realize that a swell drunk be among they . leon and ninotchka leon ( boastfully ) they be all my friend . they be a swell bunch ! père mathieu enter the shot and serve a plate of soup to Leon and one to ninotchka . leon ( try he bluff on père mathieu ) ah , my friend ! I be happy to see you again ! père mathieu I be always glad to meet a new customer , and I hope this first visit will not be you last . he exit out of shot . ninotchka , she suspicion confirm , look at Leon . leon just a old man . his memory be get weak . ninotchka what be you after ? leon must one always be after something ? ninotchka you tactic be useless . my name be neither buljanoff , iranoff , nor kopalski . leon oh , ninotchka , who want to talk business . if you win the suit , fine . if we win the suit , better . you do I a injustice . ( he move over to she table , leave the soup at he table ) when we go to my apartment do I have the slight idea that you have any connection with this deal ? ninotchka but you have now , and I know now that you be a man who employ business method which in Russia would be punish by death . leon death ! death ! always so glum ! what about life , ninotchka ! do Russians never think of life ? of the moment in which we be live ? the only moment we really have ? do not take it all so seriously , ninotchka . nothing be worth it . please ... relax ... I beg you , sergeant ... smile ! ninotchka ( astonished ) what ? leon will you smile ? ninotchka why ? leon just smile . ninotchka at what ? leon at anything . at the whole ludicrous spectacle of life . at people be pompous and take themselves seriously and exaggerate they own importance . if you can not find anything else to laugh at you can laugh at you and I . ninotchka why ? leon because we be a odd couple . ninotchka then you should go back to you table . leon no , I can not leave you . I will not . not yet . not until I have make you laugh ... at least once . to get rid of he ninotchka emit a joyless sound which approximate a laugh . ninotchka ha ! ha ! now go back . leon that 's not a laugh ! I mean a laugh from the heart . now let 's see . I be go to tell you a funny story . just a moment ... I have get it ! well , it seem there be a couple of frenchmen who go to America ... ninotchka on which boat ? leon ( throw off by she methodical think ) well , er ... let 's drop it . I do not think you would care for that one . ninotchka probably not . leon do you like scotch storey ? ninotchka I have never hear one . leon two scotchman meet on the street ... and I do not know the name of the street and it really do not matter . well , anyway , one 's name be mcintosh and the other 's be mcgillicuddy . mcintosh say to mcgillicuddy , " hello , Mr. mcgillicuddy , " and mcgillicuddy say to mcintosh , " hello , Mr. mcintosh , " and then mcintosh say to mcgillicuddy , " how be Mrs. mcgillicuddy ? " and then mcgillicuddy say to mcintosh , " how be Mrs. mcintosh ? " ... ninotchka I wish they have never meet . leon ( disarm ) so do i. ( after a little pause ) now , here 's a great one ... ha ! ha ! ha ! ( he look at ninotchka and she expression stop he ) well , maybe it 's not so good . let 's forget it ! how 's this ? two man be look at the moon . one say to the other , " be it true that a lot of people live on the moon ? " " yes , it be , " say the other , " five hundred million . " " whew ! " reply the first , " they must get pretty crowded when it 's half moon ! " ha ! ha ! ha ! there be no response from ninotchka . leon ( start to get sore ) I suppose you do not think that 's funny ? ninotchka no . leon it seem funny to I when I first hear it . maybe the trouble be not with the joke . maybe it 's with you ! ninotchka I do not think so . leon maybe you have not any sense of humor . well , I will give you one more chance ! now listen ! he get up and speak in a threaten voice audible to the entire room . leon when I hear this joke for the first time I laugh myself sick . here go ! a man come into a restaurant and sit down and say , " waiter ! get I a cup of coffee without cream . " after five minute the waiter come back and say , " I be sorry , sir , we be all out of cream , can it be without milk ? " group of several workmen they have overhear the story and all burst into laughter . ninotchka and leon ninotchka continue to eat she soup without a shadow of a laugh . leon ( furious ) not funny , huh ? ninotchka no . leon so you do not think that 's funny ? it be funny ! everyone else think so ! maybe you do not get it . he sit down again . leon ( threateningly ) I will tell you that joke again . a man come into a restaurant . do you get that ? ninotchka yes . leon he sit down at the table and say to the waiter ... do you get that too ? ninotchka yes . leon well , so far it be not funny , but wait . he say to the waiter , " waiter ! bring I a cup of coffee . " so the waiter come back five minute later and say , " I be sorry , sir , we have no coffee . " ... ( he realize he have make a mistake ) wait a minute ... wait a minute ... I be all mix up ... ( he start over again ) a man come in a restaurant , he sit down , he call the waiter and he say , " waiter ! get I a cup of coffee without cream , " and five minute later the waiter come back and say , " I be sorry , sir , we have no cream , can it be a glass of milk ! " he get up and go over to he table furiously . leon ah ! you have no sense of humor ! that settles it ! you have no sense of humor ! none ! no humor !! in he excitement he lean on the shaky table . it topple forward . simultaneously he foot shoot from under he and he sit violently on the floor , the content of the table crash about he , hot soup in he face . a terrific roar of laughter arise ; the whole restaurant be rock with laughter . for a split second ninotchka make a effort to control the irresistible impulse to laugh but lose the battle and herself roar with laughter . leon ( indignantly ) what 's funny about this ? ninotchka 's laughter be uncontrollable . after a moment Leon get up and sit next to she . as he dry himself with he napkin he see the humor of the situation and start to howl with laughter too . the ice be break at last ! on they mutual wild hilarity , we fade out : live room -- royal suite fade in : a conference be in session -- ninotchka , she two lawyer , and the Three Russians . ninotchka sit at the desk , lean back in the chair , look into space , and apparently weigh every point which be bring up . one of the lawyer be read from a document . lawyer ( read ) in addition to the argument above enumerate for lift this injunction , we wish to cite the decision of the High Court of Paris , render in the case of princess marishka against the government of Montenegro on the fifth day of August , 1897 . Comparing the fact in that case with we present set of fact we feel that the Treaty between the Republic of France and the u.s.s.r. should prevail over all ... suddenly ninotchka laugh . everyone look at she astonished . ninotchka get up . ninotchka I be sorry , gentleman . the other day I hear such a funny story ... ( she laugh again ) it still make I laugh . it be very funny . ( a little embarrassed ) I be sorry . oh yes ... about this injunction ... lawyer ( very businesslike ) the hearing be set for the twentieth of this month . ninotchka ( not think of the injunction ) that 's two week from Thursday ... lawyer we do we utmost to have it set ahead . ninotchka ( she attitude completely different from she former business conference ) I know , gentleman , but it be in the hand of the Court . we be helpless , be not we ? lawyer yes . it be unfortunate . ninotchka well , there 's nothing we can do about it . why get excited ? the Three Russians as well as the lawyer be puzzle . the Russians exchange hopeful glance . lawyer we will leave this papers here for you further consideration . au revoir , madame . ninotchka au revoir . the lawyer leave . Left alone with the Russians , ninotchka be unable to conceal she happiness entirely . ninotchka well , it mean another two week in Paris . iranoff ( with exaggerated efficiency ) too bad we have to waste all that time . kopalski I act on you suggestion and get in touch with the power and Light authority . whenever you want to visit they plant they be open to you . ninotchka ( a little bit dreamily ) oh yes , power and Light . thank you . buljanoff there 's something else which I know will appeal to you . a visit to the Paris sewer . they tell I it be extremely instructive . ninotchka huh ?... why do not you get a haircut , buljanoff ? you all look so wintry , comrade . and why do we always keep the window close ? ( she open the window ) be not it amazing , at home there 's still snow and ice and here ... look at the bird . I always feel a little hurt that we swallow desert we in the winter for capitalistic country . now I know why . we have the high ideal but they have the climate ... well , comrade , I do not think I need you any more . kopalski if there be anything we can do for you ... ninotchka no , not a thing . would you like to go out ? all three russian thank you , comrade . ninotchka have you any money ? the Russians stammer a negative answer . smiling benevolently , ninotchka go to the table , take several bill from she handbag , and go back , extend a fifty - franc bill to kopalski . ninotchka well , here be fifty francs . all three russian ( overwhelm ) thank you , comrade , thank you . ninotchka bring I forty - five back . all three russian ( terribly disappointed ) naturally , comrade . the Three Russians leave . ninotchka wait a moment . then hurry to the door and turn the key . camera follow she as she go into the bedroom . she proceed to the door lead to the corridor and turn its key . she go to the table and take a little key from she handbag , go to the bureau and unlock the drawer , open it , and , just as she be about to take out something , she eye fall on the night table , where she see the picture of lenin which she bring with she from Moscow . she walk over to it and turn its face against the wall , then go back to the bureau and take from the drawer the very hat which twice arouse she disapproval when it be display in the millinery shop in the lobby . she move over to the large mirror , put the hat on she head , be uncertain whether it be right side to fore , and change it . she look at herself , aghast at see a complete stranger . she sit down , still stare in the mirror , then lean forward and rest she chin on she hand . as she sit study the new ninotchka suspiciously , we live room -- leon' apartment dissolve to : it be evening . Leon be walk nervously up and down . gaston be putter over the drink table . leon ( consulting he watch ) what time have you , gaston ? gaston eight forty - two , sir . leon I guess it be eight forty - two . gaston you seem to be a bit nervous , sir . leon I be , gaston . gaston if you will forgive I , ever since you meet that bolshevik lady I have notice a distinct change in you , sir . leon ( complacently ) have you ? gaston decidedly . yesterday I be greatly amaze when I come from the market and find that you have make you bed , sir . leon and gaston , I be happier all day long . I feel I would contribute something . gaston well , sir , if you should do it again , which I hope you will not , please remember the order . counterpane , blanket , blanket , sheet , sheet . leon ah , there 's something poetic about the simple process of labor . counterpane , blanket , blanket , sheet , sheet ... it should be set to music ! gaston May I add , sir , that it be with great amazement that I find a copy of Karl marx 's Capital on you night table . that be a socialistic volume which I refuse to so much as dust , sir . I view with alarm , sir , the influence over you of this bolshevik lady . leon I can not follow you , gaston , be not it about time that you realize the unfairness of you position ? you be my servant ? would not you like to stand on a equal foot with I ? gaston no , sir . leon be not there any revolt in you ? sometimes when I order you around do not you feel like kick I in the pants ? gaston ( emphatically ) no , sir . leon oh , you be a reactionary ! do not you look forward to the day when you can come in here and stand square on you two foot and say , " hey , you , d' algout ! from now on it 's go to be share and share alike " ? gaston ( outrage ) emphatically not , sir . the prospect terrify I . now , do not misunderstand I , sir , I do not resent you not pay I for the past two month , but the think that I should split my bank account with you ... that you should take half of my life 's savings ... that be really too much for I . the door bell ring . gaston start for the door . with a gesture Leon stop he . leon go to bed , little father , go to bed . gaston leave through the other door as Leon exit toward the entrance hall . entrance hall -- leon' apartment Leon enter the scene . he open the door . outside stand ninotchka wear she new hat timidly as well as a completely new outfit which she have buy , apparently to match the new hat . it take Leon a few second to digest she new splendor . he take she hand and lead she in , close the door . he look at she again and kiss she hand . ninotchka I do not look too foolish ? leon foolish ? if this dress be to walk down the boulevard all by itself I would follow it from one end of Paris to the other , and when I catch up with it I would say , " just a moment , you charming little dress , I want you to meet ninotchka ... you two be mean for each other . " ninotchka feel more comfortable . Leon lead she into the live room . live room -- leon' apartment they both enter . ninotchka pause a second and look around . leon you remember this room ? ninotchka I have never be here before . I wonder whom you be think of . oh , I know , a girl with a map , figure out each step , worry about north and south . today ... now this might shock you ... I go up to a taxi and say " eight rue du bois " ... and here I be . leon you see ? life can be so simple . ninotchka for twelve francs , seventy - five . leon twelve seventy - five from the clarence ? the son-of - a- gun make a detour !... ( charmingly ) but he get you here . at this moment the clock start to strike . they both look toward it . insert -- clock the hand register nine o'clock . leon and ninotchka Leon want to take she in he arm . she resist a little . ninotchka ( reprimand he ) it 's nine o'clock . leon that 's when one half of Paris say to the other half , " what be you plan for this evening , madame ? " ninotchka ( get more and more in the spirit of she change of appearance ) well , first I should like to take off my hat and jacket . ( Leon take they ) then could we have some music ? leon a wonderful idea ! Radio or record ? ninotchka not radio . let 's have music that 's just for ourselves . Leon turn on the victrola . leon ( with great feel and sincerity ) I will play it softly because I have thing to tell you about which I can not shout . he walk back to ninotchka , who by now be seat in a armchair . he sit on the arm of the chair . he try to make a declaration of he love . he stammer several word . leon well , my darling ... I ... we ... it be no use . in a sudden outburst of emotion he take she in he arm and kiss she . leon ( as they come out of the kiss ) you see I could not shout that . ninotchka ( with great feel ) Leon , you know the joke you tell I a few day ago ? I wake up in the middle of the night and laugh at they . now , Leon that 's wrong . I know they be not funny , they be silly . they be stupid . and still ... I laugh ... and when I look at buljanoff and iranoff and kopalski I know they be scoundrel and I should hate they -- then I realize who make they like that , and instead of send my report to Moscow I tear it up and go down and buy a ridiculous hat ... and if this keep on ... be I too talkative ? leon ( radiantly ) no ... go on . ninotchka Leon , I want to tell you something which I think I never would say , which I think nobody ever should say , because I think it do not exist ... and , Leon ... I can not say it ... they kiss again . as the kiss end they look at each other for a second . ninotchka get up and go toward the desk , sit in the desk chair , open she handbag , which lie there , and take from it a little mirror and a lipstick . before she use it she look at Leon with guilty happiness . Leon look at she with great tenderness and walk over to the desk and stand look at she as she make up she lip . leon what a gesture for a sergeant . as soon as she be finish , ninotchka slip the mirror and lipstick back into she handbag and , as she do so , glance at the top of the desk . ninotchka Leon , I would like to ask you something . leon anything , ninotchka . ninotchka if you do not want to answer , you need not . but if you do , you must tell I the truth . leon I promise ... I swear . ninotchka ( seriously ) do you make any change in this room ? leon I do not think so . ninotchka when I be here before I notice a photograph of a woman on the desk in a wide silver frame . I think what a waste of silver . that 's all that interested I then . now I would like to know ... what happen to the woman ? Leon too be completely serious by now . for answer he quietly open the drawer of the desk . ninotchka look in and take from the drawer the photograph . as she look at it she rise . ninotchka the duchess . Leon nod gravely . ninotchka ( look at the picture ) she be very attractive . she have great elegance . ( she look back at Leon ) she 's what you call a woman of the world , be not she ? leon ( after a little pause ) ninotchka , I love you . ninotchka I suppose she be very entertaining ... it must be lot of fun to be with she , so witty , so glamorous ... leon ninotchka , you be jealous . ninotchka nod sadly . ninotchka ( with great feel ) Leon , do not ever ask I for a picture of myself ... I could not bear the think of be shut up in a drawer ... I could not breathe , I could not stand it . leon my darling . as he take she in he arm , we fade out : interior , smart night club fade in : duchess swana enter with a party consist of General savitzky and five other smartly dress people of the world . the headwaiter hurry to greet swana . headwaiter good evening , you highness . swana good evening , Louis . you seem to be very crowded tonight . can you manage a table near the floor ? headwaiter certainly , you highness , this way please ... Count d' algout make the reservation this afternoon . swana ( puzzle ) Count d' algout ... headwaiter it be only a small table but it will be no trouble to put in some extra chair . swana have grasp the situation by now . swana no , that 's another party . in order to save the situation one of the lady make a suggestion . lady why do not we go some other place ? it 's so crowded here . swana ( delighted at she luck ) no , no ! this be glory ! at last I be go to have a look at that female bolshevik . can you give we another table ? headwaiter only one in the rear , I be afraid . swana that 's perfect ! camera move with the group as the headwaiter lead it toward a table . another woman guest you mean Leon 's bring the bolshevik you tell we about ? swana be not it divine ? another guest I would not have miss this for the world . swana ( very gay , in anticipation of a triumph ) now , we must be very discreet . if she suck she soup and drink out of she finger bowl , I do not want anyone to laugh . ( everybody in the party giggle ) we must not embarrass little Leon . he be go through enough for my sake . we must not add insult to injury by now they have reach the table in the rear . headwaiter be this satisfactory ? swana thank you , Louis . they sit down . the headwaiter bend over General savitzky , a elderly Russian aristocrat , who sit next to swana . headwaiter be it to be dinner , monsieur ? general savitzky possibly later . we will just start with champagne . swana ( to the party ) I be only afraid that the doorman may spoil we fun . if only he let she in ! swana laugh and everyone join in she laughter . general savitzky you highness ... swana yes , General savitzky ? general savitzky I want you to know all the White Russian exile in Paris be keep they finger cross about the jewel . they be very interested in the case . swana suspect she countryman . swana be they indeed ? thank you . general savitzky they hope the settlement will bring you a fortune . swana General , please ... if you hear any rumor that I be a charitable person , will you please kill they at they source ? as she be lighting a cigarette a guest suddenly look toward the entrance and see Leon . guest look ! there 's Leon ! joyfully swana look toward the entrance , as do everyone else at the table . everyone at the table oh yes ! where ? there ! oh ! how exciting ! close shot -- leon at the entrance suddenly , through the door of the cloakroom come ninotchka , radiant in a beautiful evening gown . swana' table swana 's expression freeze as she see ninotchka . the rest of the guest stare in a embarrassed silence , save for one bird - brain little guest , name Marianne , who feel it she mission to save the situation . marianne be not she something ? a neighbor nudge she warningly . swana wither she with a glance and rise . swana shall we dance , General savitzky ? swana and the General leave for the dance floor . the guest who have nudge she turn to Marianne . guest be you crazy ? another guest how could you make such a remark ? third guest swana be not stupid . marianne what do I say ? I just say " be not she something ? " I do not say something what . close shot -- leon' table Leon and ninotchka be seat and a waiter stand by they present a bottle of champagne to Leon for he approval . leon ( to waiter ) be it dry ? waiter yes , monsieur . leon ( to ninotchka ) be that right or do you prefer it sweet ? ninotchka I would not know . the close I ever come to champagne be in a newsreel . the wife of some president be throw it at a battleship . leon it 's always good luck to launch something with champagne ; a battleship ... or a evening . by now the waiter be fill they glass . ninotchka lift she glass and look at it . ninotchka it 's funny to look back . I be bring up on goat 's milk , I have a ration of vodka in the army , and now champagne . leon ( gaily ) from goat to grape . that 's drink in the right direction . ninotchka take she first sip of champagne . Leon drink and watch she . the first sip prove a painful surprise . ninotchka 's face be that of a child who have be feed a bad medicine . ninotchka ugh ... um ... oh ... ( slowly the delight of champagne dawns on she and she face break into a smile ) it 's good . she drink the whole glass at once . Leon look at she in amused surprise . he drink too . the waiter fill they glass again . ninotchka from what I read I think champagne be a strong drink . it 's very delicate . do people ever get drunk on this ? leon there have be case ... but the headache the next morning be worth while -- if you drink it with the right toast . ( he raise he glass again fondly ) to we , ninotchka ! they clink glass and drink again , look at each other . long shot of the table , include part of the dance floor . as Leon and ninotchka lift they glass again , swana and General savitzky start to dance by the table . swana stop , pretend complete astonishment . swana hello , Leon ! what a surprise ! you of all people ! how be you , my dear ? Leon get up . ninotchka watch the scene tensely . leon ( embarrassed ) hello , swana . how do you do , General savitzky ? general savitzky how do you do ? swana ( to Leon ) you be look magnificent , Leon ... ( to General savitzky ) ... be not he , General savitzky ? general savitzky yes . Leon know that swana want to embarrass he but be embarrassed nevertheless . leon thank you . swana be this you new dress suit ? leon yes , swana . swana do not I tell you benson and benson be the tailor for you ? leon ( patiently ) yes , swana , you do . swana it 's a dream of beauty . he never take my word for anything , but I be right , be not I ? leon yes , swana . swana ( force a introduction ) be I interrupt ? leon not at all . you highness , may I present Madame yakushova ? swana how do you do ? ninotchka how do you do ? leon and General savitzky . general savitzky how do you do ? ninotchka how do you do ? swana I have some wonderful news for you , Leon . it 's about punchy ... do you mind if I sit down ? leon ( realize that he can not prevent it ) no ... please ... swana sit down . swana ( to General savitzky ) General , would you mind make my excuse at we table ? I will be back in a few moment . general savitzky certainly . he bow and leave . close shot -- all three sitting at the table swana well , Leon , we can be proud of we punchy . he have a triumph at the dog show . during the follow speech , ninotchka 's expression do not change . she know exactly the game swana be play . swana ( continue ) he win another blue ribbon and bit the judge . ha! ha ! ha ! I buy he the cutest sweater as a reward . you should see he strut down the street in it . he look like a little boulevardier . ( to ninotchka ) you see , Count d' algout give I punchy for my birthday . ( to Leon ) you must have searched week before you find anything as divine as punchy , do not you , Leon ? leon ( feed up with swana 's tactic ) month , swana . swana ( to ninotchka ) poor Madame yakushova ... here we be talk in mystery .... I be sure you wonder what it 's all about . ninotchka ( dry and direct ) not at all .... I understand perfectly , Count d' algout give you a dog . you make it very clear , madame . swana dear I ... I must be lose my finesse . if I be not careful I will be understand by everybody . leon ( acutely uncomfortable ) there 's a charming crowd here tonight , be not there ? swana I be go , Leon ... ( she rise , as do Leon , delighted to get rid of she ) but before I leave I must compliment you on you gown , Madame yakushova . be that what they be wear in Moscow this year ? ninotchka no , last year , madame . swana sit again , as do Leon . swana be not it amazing ! one get a wrong impression of the new Russia . ( cynically ) it must be charming . I be glad condition be so improve . I assume this be what the factory worker wear at they dance ? ninotchka exactly . you see , it would have be embarrassing for people of my sort to wear low - cut gowns in the old Russia . the lash of the cossack across we back be not very become , and you know how vain woman be . swana you be absolutely right about the cossack . we make a unpardonable mistake when we let they use they knout . they have such reliable gun . Leon have grow more and more uncomfortable as the two lady fence . leon will you do I a favor ? stop talk about the good old day . swana a very wise suggestion , Leon . I be afraid madame and I will never agree . ( she play she trump card ) the only thing we have in common be we lawsuit and that will be decide next week . I understand everything will be over by Thursday . be I right ? ninotchka and Leon realize the malice and yet the truth of she word . ninotchka you be right , madame , it will all be over by Thursday . swana ( rub it in ) it be unfortunate that you have so few more day in Paris . ( she turn to Leon ) be sure and redouble you effort so that madame can take some pleasant memory when she return to Moscow . ( she rise , Leon rise too ) good night . ( ninotchka nod without answer . to Leon ) good night , Leon . leon ( coldly ) good night , swana . swana leave the table . Leon sit again . the mood of the two have be change by the problem of they separation , which have be bring before they . they sit in silence for a moment . ninotchka speak first . ninotchka now I think I need a glass of champagne . Leon fill they glass . they drink . then Leon take ninotchka 's hand . ninotchka ( try to break the mood ) quickly , please ... tell I one of you funny storey . leon a funny story ? ninotchka you never finish the one about the two scotchman with the name . leon well , there be two scotchman . one be name mcintosh and one be name mcgillicuddy . they meet on the street . he stop . ninotchka go on . leon no , darling . I will tell you another story , a much better one . ( with deep sincerity ) the only thing that will be over on Thursday be the lawsuit . there will be no Thursday for we . not next week or any week . we will not let it happen . I will tear it out of the calendar . be that a good story ? ninotchka ( touch ) wonderful -- if one could believe it . leon you must , darling . ninotchka ( lift she glass ) to the loveliest story I ever hear . they drink . the orchestra start a number . ninotchka ( afraid of where the conversation may lead ) shall we dance ? they both start toward the dance floor . close shot -- leon and ninotchka , dancing a waltz at the second turn ninotchka start to feel the effect of the champagne . ninotchka ( tipsily ) oo! darling ! something be the matter . leon you just make that trip from goat to grape a little too fast . ninotchka oh , everything be so wonderful ! it 's get farther and farther away ! leon what , darling ? ninotchka Thursday . leon yes . do not worry . everything will be all right . in the gayest mood , ninotchka address the crowd on the dance floor . ninotchka comrade ! comrade ! leon ( embarrassed ) darling , darling ... please ! ninotchka I must talk to my brother ! leon shhh ! shhh ! ninotchka do not shush I . I be people ! I want to make a speech . I want to overthrow the duchess ! Leon start to lead she off the dance floor . leon but , darling , you can not do that . ninotchka comrade ! good people of France ! leon now , ninotchka ... please ! ninotchka they be all duchess here ... thousand of duchess ... and I be go to tell they . by now they have almost reach the powder room . leon quite right ... yes , yes , yes , but first you be go in that door and you be go to take a little spirit of ammonia and lie down . ninotchka ( sweetly ) no speech ? leon ( as though he be address a little child ) no speech . ninotchka I love you , my little leonitchka ! leon and I adore you , ninotchua . ninotchka go unsteadily into the powder room . Leon wipe he forehead in relief and go to the bar , follow by the camera . leon ( to the bartender ) give I a double brandy . close shot -- door of the powder room a group of four to six woman come out whisper excitedly about something which must have happen within . camera go with they as they go to the manager of the restaurant and crowd about he and whisper what have happen . close shot -- bar the bartender give Leon he double brandy and Leon toss it off . the manager come into the shot and address Leon . manager ( very excitedly ) I be very sorry , Count d' algout , it be most embarrassing , but the lady you bring with you tonight be spread communistic propaganda in the powder room . Leon stare at he for a second , then turn to the bartender . leon give I another double brandy . manager that kind of propaganda be bad anywhere , but incite the attendant of a powder room to go on strike .... well , if she succeed the consequence will be disastrous . leon what can I do about it ? manager she have be ask to leave the powder room but without success . we would appreciate if you would see to it yourself . leon ( horrify ) you want I to go in there ? manager I be sorry , sir , but I must insist . the manager bow and walk away . Leon gulp down the second double brandy . the camera follow he as he proceed toward the powder room like a hero go into battle . just as he be about to enter , a very dignify elderly lady come out , be surprised at he attempt entrance , and glare at he . Leon lose he courage and followed by the camera go back to the bar to strengthen it with some of the dutch variety . leon ( completely exhaust -- to the bartender ) make it a triple brandy . as we dissolve to : live room -- the royal suite rakonin , the waiter , open the door . ninotchka and Leon , both very tipsy by now , enter the room . Leon be carry a bottle of champagne in a napkin . as he pass the waiter he speak : leon ( to rakonin ) all right ... you can tell the duchess ... you can tell everybody ... they know anyhow ... it do not make any difference ... now get out ! rakonin , who seem very interested in the situation , close the door . Leon go to ninotchka . both sit on a couch . ninotchka ( move close to he ) do not tell they where we be go , sweetheart . leon no. nobody will find we . ninotchka be lyrically tight . through she there shine a great happiness . ninotchka be we go to build we little house ? leon yes ... a little white house . ninotchka not white , darling . leon all right , we will make it red . ninotchka no , do not let 's have it any color ... no color ... just a house house ... let 's form we own party . leon right : Lovers of the world unite ! ninotchka ( delighted ) and we will not stretch up we arm ... leon no! no ! ninotchka ... and we will not clench we fist ... leon no! no ! ninotchka ( tenderly ) we salute will be a kiss . leon yes ... a kiss ... salute ! she sink into he arm and they kiss . ninotchka ( still in he arm ) I be so happy . no one can be so happy without be punish . I will be punish and I should be punish . ( she get up ) I want to confess , darling . leon I know ... it 's the Russian soul . ninotchka ( she gaiety mix with sadness ) everyone want to confess and if they do not confess they make they confess . I be a traitor . when I kiss you I betrayed the Russian ideal . Leon , I should be stand up against the wall . Leon get up . leon ( sympathetically ) would that make you any happier ? ninotchka much happier . leon all right . still carry the champagne bottle , Leon lead she to the end of the room and stand she against the wall . he take the napkin from the champagne bottle and put it over she eye . the camera move with he as he go away from ninotchka , and as he walk he start to open the champagne . the cork pop . close shot -- ninotchka , as she sink gently into a chair . ninotchka ( happily ) I have pay the penalty . now let 's have some music . close shot -- ninotchka and leon leon let 's turn on the radio . ninotchka Radio ! what be radio ? leon it 's a little box that you buy on the installment plan and before you tune it in they tell you they have a new model . ninotchka ( get up ) oh yes , yes . it have a little knob that turn ... a little knob ... it must be somewhere around here ... yes ... here ... I see ... confusedly ninotchka start look for something , repeat , " a little knob ... a little knob . " follow by Leon she go toward the safe , open the conceal door , and both be delighted as they see the safe 's dial . ninotchka ( triumphantly ) here it be ! Leon nod approval and start to turn the dial . leon what shall we get ? the news ! ninotchka no , no news . we do not want to know what 's happen in the world . we want to be leave alone , do not we ? leon yes , sweetheart ... all by ourselves . ninotchka ( remember vaguely ) well , then we turn twice to the right and stop at seven ... Leon follow she instruction . ninotchka ( after a little pause , sadly ) it 's dead . leon well , it have to warm up ... you have to give it a chance ... just like people ... like you and I ... first you want to fight I and now we belong to the same party ... salute ! he take she in he arm and again they embrace . ninotchka ( as though she be in heaven ) now twice to the leave and stop at seventeen . Leon again follow she instruction . interior -- safe , shoot toward the door . Leon open the door and both look into the safe . ninotchka ( disappointed ) no music . leon ( also disappointed ) no , no music . through she fog , ninotchka become aware of the case contain the jewel . ninotchka ( bitterly ) there it be ... Thursday ... you can not rip it out of the week .... leon ( helpfully ) but I can throw it out of the window . ninotchka ( philosophically ) it would not be fair to the man in the street . ( she push back the lid ) there they be ... they be terrible thing , that jewel .... leon ... but big . ninotchka ... they be the tear of Old Russia ... see that stone ? leon who cry that one ? ninotchka czar Peter give it to he wife , Catherine the great . for it he sell ten thousand serf in the market . leon now , darling , do not get impatient , wait until we be marry . you know that worthless butler of mine ... that reactionary ? some day when I come home to you I may say , " darling , I drive gaston to the market and look what I get from he ! " from the case of jewel he take a beautiful diadem and hold it in front of she . ninotchka ( the economist now ) first ten thousand serf ... now just gaston . it be very encourage . Leon take she by the hand and lead she from the safe . leon come , sweetheart . let I put it on you . you will teach this jewel . for the first time they will learn how they can look . ninotchka they belong to the people . leon ( in a ceremonial voice ) I give they back to the people ... ( as formal and steady as possible under the condition he put the diadem on she head ) I make you ninotchka the great ... duchess of the people !... Grand duchess of the people ! ninotchka fall in with the spirit of this imaginary coronation . ninotchka be this the wish of the mass ? leon it be they wish . ninotchka thank you , Leon ... thank you , mass . ( in a low voice ) can I make a speech now ? leon please . ninotchka turn to a imaginary assemblage . ninotchka comrade ! people of the world ! the revolution be on the march ... I know ... war will wash over we ... bomb will fall ... all civilization will crumble ... but not yet , please ... wait , wait ... what 's the hurry ? ( mixing reality with fantasy ) let we be happy ... give we we moment .... ( turn to Leon ) we be happy , be not we , Leon ? leon ( fondly ) yes , sweetheart . ( he hold she in he arm ) ninotchka ( she voice get dimmer and dimmer ) so happy and so tired . she fall asleep in he arm . Leon gather she up and carry she into the bedroom , the diadem still on she head . bedroom -- the royal suite Leon carry ninotchka to the bed , put she down on it . she be now sleep soundly . he kiss she once more and then turn , the camera panning with he , and start toward the door to the corridor and exit . as he close the door with a uncertain hand , it slam . close shot -- ninotchka , as she lie on the bed on the night table beside she be a photograph of the stern - face lenin . the crash of the slamm door awaken ninotchka for a moment . completely content and happy , she turn around and see the disapprove face of the photograph . ninotchka ( charmingly ) smile , little father , smile . insert of photograph of lenin the photograph of lenin start to smile in approval , as we ... fade out : a establishing shot of paris -- day fade in on : in the foreground a clock show that it be a quarter to twelve . dissolve to : long shot -- live room of the royal suite it be take from a angle which include the door . the light be still on , the curtain draw , the empty champagne bottle and glass litter the room . we hear the buzzer of the corridor door ring several time without a answer . camera move through the door into the bedroom , never disclose the bed . the light in the bedroom be still light also and the curtain draw . camera stop on the door from the bedroom to the corridor . the buzzer ring . apparently the caller have move from the live - room door to the bedroom door . close shot of the bed ninotchka be lie on the bed , still in she evening dress . the diadem be no longer on she head , but no special emphasis be laid on that detail in the camera angle . we hear the sound of the buzzer ringing again and again . ninotchka half waken and call out something which sound like " come in " without be fully aware of what she be do . bedroom -- at the door the door be open from the outside by a may , who let in the duchess swana , dress in a smart morning outfit . swana look around , surprised and amused at the state of the room . she walk over to the bed where lie ninotchka , still not enough awake to face reality . swana be delighted to have surprised ninotchka in this condition . swana ( ironically ) good morning . ninotchka ( awaken gradually ) what ? swana it be tomorrow morning ... tomorrow noon , to be exact . I hope you will forgive I . I know it 's extremely cruel to waken anyone at such a hour . do not you recognize I ? I be the duchess swana . by now ninotchka be awake . she get up and realize to she acute embarrassment the condition in which swana have find she . swana I know how you feel , my dear . the morning after always do look grim if you happen to be wear last night 's dress . do not be embarrassed by my presence , though . you could not have find anybody more sympathetic to you condition . I remember once in petrograd when I feel exactly as you do . I have to bow from a balcony to the crowd . my dear , the mass have no understanding of the feeling of a lady before noon . do not you find that true ? during swana 's speech ninotchka have find herself completely . ninotchka I think we can cut you visit short . Leon be not here . swana of course not , my dear ! I do not come here with any such suspicion . how ridiculous ! ( with a glance toward the live room ) nor do I come here to pick up he hat . close shot -- leon be hat , shot through the bedroom door into the live room where it lie on the table . long shot -- live room -- toward bedroom door by the bed stand ninotchka and swana . swana start toward the live room , ninotchka follow she . swana ( as she reach the threshold ) how stale last night 's gaiety look ! it have the taste of a dead cigarette . ninotchka if you be encourage to come here by we meeting last night I be afraid you misunderstand my attitude . swana do not worry , you be quite rude enough . ( during the follow speech , she draw the curtain and open the window ) do you mind if I let in a little fresh air and sunshine ? I be sure it will make you feel better and I want you to be at you very best . in full possession of you faculty , at least . ninotchka ( regain she usual firmness ) please come to the point . what be it you want ? swana I just drop in to have a little heart - to-heart talk with you . ninotchka we have nothing to discuss . swana now there you be completely wrong . if we sit down for a little chat , I be sure we will not run out of conversation and what 's more it will not be dull . ninotchka Madame , what be it you people always say , regardless of what you mean ... " I be delighted to have you here " ? I have not reach that stage of civilization . swana that 's all right ... I grow on people . ninotchka I must ask you to leave . swana leave ? that 's exactly what I come here to ask you to do . leave ! I do not mean this hotel and I do not mean Paris ... I mean France . there 's a plane for Moscow at five - forty . ninotchka ( puzzle ) Madame , if you ... swana do not worry . I have already make reservation . it 's perfect fly weather . they assure I there 's a fine tail wind which will sweep you back to Moscow in no time . ninotchka ( still not understanding ) if this be mean to be a joke it be not funny . or do you still think you be issue order from you palace in petrograd ? ninotchka 's word for the first time sting swana out of she apparently superficial attitude . swana ( bitterly ) my palace in petrograd ... yes , you take that away from I . you take away my czar , my country , my people , everything I have ... ( with emphasis ) but nothing more -- I warn you . ninotchka ( simply ) people can not be take away , madame , neither a hundred and sixty million nor one . not if you have they love . you have not . that 's why you be not in Russia any longer , and that 's why you come here this morning . swana very interesting , my dear , but could not you write all that from Moscow ? a dissertation on love on Soviet stationery -- would be a amusing paradox . ninotchka it be not enough to be witty , madame . people grow tired of be entertained . you make that mistake before . problem be never solve by bow from a balcony . swana my dear , you do not know how impressive I could be . do you ever see I in my regalia with my diadem and all my jewel ? the word diadem startles ninotchka . she start to remember the night before , and she look toward the safe . insert of the door of the safe , which be close by now . close shot -- ninotchka and swana ninotchka stare in the direction of the safe as swana chatter on . swana you can not deny we give the people they money 's worth -- almost -- eight tumble romanoff -- eight ! ninotchka ( desperately ) I must insist that you leave . swana not before you agree to use that reservation to Moscow . ninotchka in that case I can only say good - by . abruptly she walk toward the bedroom . traveling shot of ninotchka she enter the small room connect the live room and bedroom and close the door to the live room . she walk into the bedroom toward the bed and glance at it . the diadem be not there . after go back into the anteroom , she open the outer door of the safe and pull on the inner door . it have not be properly close and open at once . the safe be empty . ninotchka stand stare in freeze horror for a moment , then rush to the telephone by the bed . ninotchka ( into the telephone ) Élysée 2763 . long shot -- ninotchka at the telephone , wait for she connection in the background the door to the live room be open by swana . swana ( stand in the door ) I would not waken Leon . after last night I would say not before three o'clock at the earliest . ninotchka I tell you to go , madame . swana believe I , Leon can not help you . he do not know anything about the jewel ... I give you my word ... I swear it . ninotchka hang up the receiver and stare at swana . she walk toward she . live room , shoot into the bedroom . in the foreground swana , in the background ninotchka , who be hurry toward she . ninotchka where be they ? swana you be very careless with we precious jewel , my dear . they be too expensive a toy for two child to play with . ninotchka where be they ? swana do not worry . fortunately last night a very trustworthy friend keep he eye open . perhaps he overstep he function as a waiter but he fulfil he duty as a Russian . ( she draw back the fur scarf she be wear , revealing a diamond star , one of the jewel we have see ) I just put this on for sentiment . the rest be absolutely safe . I assure you . but if you feel like notify the police ... ninotchka you leave I no choice . swana wo not it be rather embarrassing for a Soviet envoy to disclose the circumstance under which she lose they ? ninotchka I will have to face the consequence , but so will you . do not forget they will ask how you get they . swana that 's very simple to answer . they be give to I by my mother . they be give to she by she mother , in fact they be mine , you can not steal what belong to you ! she proceed into the live room , follow by ninotchka . ninotchka they always belong to the Russian people . they be pay for with they sweat , they blood , they life and you will give they back ! swana ( triumphantly ) I tell you we have plenty to talk about . shall we sit down ? they both sit . swana ( very matter - of - fact ) now , let 's free ourselves from emotionalism and try to solve the problem in a practical way . we situation have change considerably . before I have only a claim to the jewel . now I have the jewel . ninotchka in other word moral idea have no weight with you ... all right , then let 's deal with legal fact . you know that France have recognize the Soviet . swana unfortunately . ninotchka under Soviet law the jewel belong to the State . France be go to uphold that ownership . swana my lawyer agree with you . he say France will uphold it in every court , but I will drag you through every court , do not forget that . and when I say it will take two year I be , as always , conservative . ninotchka wo not that two year in court be expensive for you ? I know that money be no object as long as you could squeeze it from the pocket of the people , but now ... swana I may run out of money , but you have already run out of bread . two year be a long time for you comrade to wait . ninotchka I see . you have calculate in term of hunger . swana no , I just want to be absolutely impartial . both of we be face with two rather uncomfortable year . we can condense this two year to two minute if you want to accept my proposition . ninotchka now realize what she be after . ninotchka go on . swana I be willing to hand over the jewel and sign the necessary papers if you take that five - forty plane to Moscow . ninotchka ( quietly ) that 's not the way to win he back ... not Leon . swana I think I know Leon quite as well as you ... possibly a little better . leave that worry to I . five -forty leave you time enough to close the deal with monsieur mercier , but naturally you will be too busy for any farewell . I will see to it that everything be do in the most expeditious manner and I will also see you to the airport . that 's my proposition , comrade yakushova . ninotchka know herself to be face with a inevitable decision . for a moment she cannot answer . the telephone ring . ninotchka take the receiver . ninotchka ( into telephone ) yes ... ( it be Leon ) oh hello ... much as she want to talk to he she hesitates in the presence of swana . swana realize the situation , get up , and walk over to the window , where she stand look out . close - up -- ninotchka at telephone ninotchka good morning , Leon ... ( force herself to be gay so that he will not suspect anything ) ... no , you do not waken I ... I be fine , thank you .... yes , it be ... marvelous .... what ?... for luncheon ? I be afraid I can not . I be go to be very busy ... ( look for excuse ) well , I have a lot of thing to attend to today .... what ?... well to tell you the truth I be a little tired and I would like to rest ... ( she force herself to laugh ) you may be right ... perhaps it be the champagne .... for dinner ?... of course ... seven o'clock here ?... ( realize that she will be go by then ) seven o'clock be all right .... where ?... that will be lovely .... yes ... ( there be a knock on the door ) come in . ( into the telephone ) yes ?... ( look toward the door she see something which make she stop the conversation ) just a moment ... ( she put the receiver on the table and walk toward the door ) anteroom between live room and corridor , shoot toward the live room . in the background we see swana stand at the window . ninotchka come into the anteroom , close the door in order to shut off swana 's view . camera pan with ninotchka as she walk toward the hall door where the bellboy be put down a big flower basket . ninotchka ( to bellboy ) you can leave it here . the bellboy exit . ninotchka look at the basket of flower for a moment , then take the envelope which be attach to the handle . she open it and read the enclose letter . it must be a love note , for she eye grow wet . she turn to the last page . insert " ... and sweetheart , I have keep my first promise . I send poor old gaston to the market this morning and if you will look deep into the flower you will see what I get for he .... " close shot -- ninotchka she put she hand in the basket and take out a bottle of milk . insert of the bottle on the label we see a picture of a goat . ninotchka she smile sadly and go to the telephone , which be on the console in the anteroom . ninotchka ( into telephone ) Operator , will you switch the call please ?... hello ?... darling , you present just arrive .... it 's very silly and very wonderful ... thank you ... no , I will not forget ... seven o'clock .... ( with great tenderness ) good -by , my darling .... what ?... oh ... ( softly ) salute ! she put down the receiver . camera pan with she as she go to the door of the live room . she open the door and go in . swana turn from the window . ninotchka I be sorry to have keep you wait , madame . swana -- at the airport dissolve to : shoot from a high angle . we hear the SOUND of a airplane just take off . camera pull back so that swana seem to be photograph from the airplane . finally the shot disclose the whole airport and swana disappear into the crowd . entrance hall -- swana' apartment swana 's may be open the door for swana , who enter in the high spirit . swana good afternoon , jacqueline . maid good afternoon , you highness . ( hesitantly ) Madame , I ... swana you do not find my glove . all right , you be forgiven . maid thank you , you highness . Count d' algout be wait . he 's be here some time . swana inspect herself briefly in the hall mirror , proceed into the live room . live room -- swana' apartment Leon be pace up and down . swana enter . swana Leon , darling , how nice ! have you order tea or a cocktail ? leon no thanks , swana . swana do I act stupidly last night ? should I apologize ? leon I be the one who should apologize . I should have talk to you before . swana be this , by any chance , go to be a confession ? leon yes . swana oh , no , my little volga boatman . have you forget we first commandment : never complain -- never explain . it have work so often and so perfectly , do not let 's break the rule . and please do not look so guilty , otherwise I will ... leon this time , swana -- just this once -- I must ask you to listen . swana all right , I will listen . leon I know you hate the obvious but do you mind if , at this moment , I be not in the least subtle ? swana brutal frankness , if you insist . leon there be a hundred way to approach it , but I feel it can best be say in one simple phrase . I be in love , swana . swana and I think it be something serious ! how could you frighten I so ? leon it must be serious , swana . not long ago I would have consider such a statement rather juvenile and rather middle class . now I can say it without stammer , without a blush . I be in love , swana . swana say it over and over again , Leon . word be a wonderful safety valve , and that 's what you need -- because you know it 's impossible , do not you ? leon I have to be simple again , swana , and you may find it shockingly banal . I have think it over and I be willing to take all the consequence , even if it mean a complete readjustment of my way of live . swana Leon ! this have the ugly sound of regeneration . leon I be afraid that 's what it be . swana the same old trouble , Leon . you be always late . whether you be take I to the Opera or call for I at a beauty shop , you be never on time . and now , when it 's a question of you reform -- late again . ( she glance at she wrist watch ) by about five minute . leon what be this , swana ? swana know the efficiency of the french Air service I think I can guarantee that Madame yakushova have already take off for Moscow . leon have do what ? swana she 's go , Leon . leon do you expect I to believe that ? swana pick up the receiver of the telephone and hold it out to he . swana here 's the telephone . if you call the hotel you will find that you have no seven o'clock appointment . the moscow plane it be fly past the eiffel Tower . close shot -- airplane window behind the window we see ninotchka look at Paris for the last time . camera move over to the next window and we see buljanoff , iranoff , and kopalski also give Paris a sad farewell look . another view of paris , from the air . the mist have close in by now so that only the top of the eiffel Tower be visible above it . close - up -- ninotchka , look down on the Tower interior , airplane -- ninotchka , buljanoff , iranoff , and kopalski ninotchka turn from the window and lean against the back of she chair . the Russians follow she example . there be a moment of silence and sadness . buljanoff imagine , for once in we life we be in Paris and we never go to the eiffel Tower . kopalski that 's right . iranoff they tell I it have a wonderful restaurant on the second floor . kopalski while you eat , you look at the view . close - up -- ninotchka she be try to overcome all sentimentality , but as the follow speech progress she cannot escape the personal implication involved . ninotchka yes , it be a amazing piece of engineering . still the most remarkable iron structure in the world . lead to the top there be a staircase of over a thousand step ... but a elevator be include in the price of admission . fade out : fade in : insert of a paris newspaper herald du matin camera zoom down on a headline of a article . mercier busy priceless russian jewel . Russian commission have leave for moscow . STREET in paris -- morning camera follow Leon as he walk excitedly and nervously along the boulevard . he turn into a Russian intouriste Bureau , one of the travel bureaus maintain by the Soviet government in foreign country to supply information regard travel , give visa , etc . intouriste bureau it be a typical travel bureau . behind the counter be attendant and some people get information and pamphlet . Leon enter , look around , and see a door which say " visa and passport Department . " he enter . interior , visa room it be a room smaller than the previous one . behind the counter stand a typical bolshevik official . in front of the counter be a elderly English lady . Leon take he place behind she , nervous at have to wait . the official stamp the English lady 's passport and hand it to she . official well , everything be in order . I hope you will enjoy you trip to Russia , madame . english lady thank you . oh , by the way , I have hear so many rumor about laundry condition in Russia . be it advisable to take one 's own towel ? official certainly not , madame . that 's only capitalistic propaganda . we change the towel every week . english lady oh ... thank you . she leave . Leon move up to the official . official yes , please ? at this moment the telephone ring . the official take the receiver . official ( into phone ) yes ... comrade cazabine ? no , I be sorry ... he have not be with we for six month . he be call back to Russia and be investigate . you can get further detail from he widow . he hang up the receiver . Leon , think of ninotchka , be horrify by this statement . leon pardon I , I be very interested in what you just say -- you mean when a envoy go back to Russia -- if they do not like what he have do they put he out of the way ? official not always ... look at I ... I have be back twice . ( he knock on wood ) leon ( he alarm grow ) here 's my passport .... please give I a visa . I have to leave for Russia immediately . official ( read passport ) Count Leon d' algout ... a count !... a nobleman ! leon do not hold that against I ... please ! official why should a aristocrat want to go to Russia ? leon Business . official what business ? leon private . official there be no privacy in Russia . this whole thing seem very suspicious . what 's the real reason ? if you ever want to get into Russia , take my advice ... confess ! leon ( dismay ) confess what ? official be you sympathetic to the former czaristic government -- the White Russians ? leon on the contrary -- I do not want to have anything to do with they . official you believe in we cause ? Leon , feel that he have to go to the rescue of he girl , whip up a enormous enthusiasm for the cause . leon oh ... I think it 's great ! everyone work -- everyone contribute -- that 's what I want to do -- work ! I make my own bed -- you can call up my butler ! I do not believe in the right of the individual . I like the bolshevik ideal -- everyone be the same . you just like I -- I just like you -- I use you comb -- you use my toothbrush -- oh , it 's a great life .... please ... give I that visa ! at this moment swana enter . swana hello , Leon darling ! leon ( startle ) hello . swana ( suavely ) after we talk last night I take it for grant that you would drop in here this morning . know how difficult it be to get into Soviet Russia , I think I might be of some assistance to you . ( to the official ) May I introduce myself ? I be the duchess swana of Russia ... another Russia . the official gasp in surprise . leon now , please , swana . swana ( to the official ) Count d' algout be for several year my personal representative and if it be necessary to sign any affidavit for he I will be delighted . leon ( bitterly ) that do it , swana . ( he lead she toward the door ) now you must not miss you appointment with you hair-dresser . swana ( stop at the door ) just in case they do not give you you visa to Russia I want you to know that I have sign a contract for my memoir and rent a lovely little château in the touraine , and if you feel the need of a change ... leon thank you , swana . you be very gracious . his word be unmistakably a final dismissal . she walk out . Leon look after she for a second , then go back to the official . he try to laugh off the incident . leon she must have she little joke . ( the official respond with a stony look ) you be not go to take that seriously . official the Grand duchess swana ... active in the White Russian movement ? leon believe I , I have no connection with she any longer ... I swear I have not ! official but you have ! leon listen , I want to be absolutely frank with you . I have no business in Moscow . official I think so too . leon I want to see a friend of mine ... a very dear friend .... it 's a personal matter which have nothing to do with politics or social philosophy .... it 's a girl . official so it 's love which drag you to Moscow . leon yes ! official no visa . leon ( fight for he point ) I must get into that country of yours ! official oh no . no visa . leon ( more aggressively ) that 's impossible ! nobody have the right .... you can not do that !... if you do not give I that visa ... official ( ironically ) you be go to force we ... huh ? leon ( grow violent ) now look here ... you advertise all over the world that you want people to go into you country and when someone try to get in , you keep he out ! official why should I take a chance ? leon on what ? official how do I know you do not want to blow up a factory ? leon what for ... why ? official or a tunnel or a bridge ... leon suspicion ... nothing but suspicion !... that 's the trouble with you ! if you do not let I in I will stand in front of this office of yours and warn people to keep away from Russia !... I will picket you whole country .... the official laugh in a superior way . leon I will boycott you , that 's what I be go to do !... no more vodka ... no more caviar ... no more tchaikovsky ... no more borscht .... wait a minute , I know something better than that ... the official lean forward sarcastically . official what ? with a knock - out blow , Leon send he to the floor , then , lean over the counter , he shout . leon and you can tell the kremlin that 's just the beginning ! he stride out . the official 's head emerge from the counter . as he adjust he bruise jaw , he speak . official no visa . establish shot of Russia -- first of May -- stock shot of May Day parade on the Red Square fade in on : dissolve to : radio announcer radio announcer March , march , march ! comrade of the World , never have there be such a May Day parade as this ! already for four hour the pavement of Moscow have resound to the tread of a million boot ! thousands of gun - carriage have thunder past . thousands of tank , combine with we mighty air force , have demonstrate to a belligerent neighbor that we be ready and invincible ! now past I march the great army of we civilian ! Men and woman of all age . all servant of the State united in one think and ideal . Group of several unit march Workmen , soldier , tank , airplane , etc . dissolve to : column of woman , dress in typical Russian May Day parade fashion , march and salute . the camera narrow down to a close shot of ninotchka march with the other . all she individuality be go . she be one of many , a cog in the Russian machine . with a stern expression she be look straight ahead when suddenly something attract she attention and she glance to one side . a column of male worker be come in the opposite direction . buljanoff , iranoff , and kopalski be recognizable among they . close shot -- buljanoff , iranoff , and kopalski marching . all three be already pretty exhaust from the long march . kopalski see ninotchka . he whisper it to the other . the three look toward ninotchka and lift they shoulder with a gesture which say , " look where we be now . " close shot -- ninotchka , answer they with a sad smile . after they have pass she stare straight forward again with the same stern expression . dissolve to : panning shot -- staircase in ninotchka's tenement house it be a overcrowded house . people be walk up and down stair , stand group in front of the various apartment ; child be slide down the banister and play game under the foot of the adult . ninotchka trudge upstairs wearily . camera pan with she as she go into a apartment which be divide into several sub - apartment . finally she open the door of she own room and go in . ninotchka's room it be a comparatively small room , which she share with two other girl . as she enter only one girl be present . it be Anna , a cello player , who sit on the edge of she bed practice on she cello . apparently ninotchka have not adjust herself completely to the Moscow which she once think so great . ninotchka good evening , Anna . anna good evening , ninotchka . ninotchka be not you late ? anna no , the opera start a hour later tonight on account of the parade . during the follow scene Anna put she cello in its case and get ready to go to she job . ninotchka start to arrange the table in the center of the floor for a party of four . out of she cupboard she take very primitive - look dish , a flower pot , glass , and a kind of shawl which serve as a tablecloth . ninotchka do not you march ? Anna be apparently not a fanatical believer in the bolshevik regime and take a cynical and humorous attitude toward it . anna they do not let I . I be in disgrace . last week at the performance of carmen I play a sour note . the conductor get so excited he yell , " there 's sabotage in the string section ! " ninotchka too bad ... you miss a inspiring day , Anna . anna I know ... my heart be sad ... but my foot be happy . when all the tank and gun be roaring over the Red Square I sit here all by myself and play a Beethoven sonata . not bad at all . ( she have notice ninotchka 's preparation ) be you expect someone ? ninotchka a few friend ... just a little dinner party . anna what be you serve ? ninotchka a omelet . anna ( puzzle ) a omelet ! be not you live a little above you ration ? ninotchka well , I have save up two egg and each of my friend be bring he own so we will manage . anna it just go to prove the theory of we State . if you stand alone it mean a boil egg but if you be true to the collective spirit and stick together you have get a omelet . ( devilishly ) that remind I ... have you hear the latest they be tell about the kremlin ? at this moment a door to one of the adjoin room open and gurganov , a middle - age man with a sour stool - pigeon expression , walk quietly through the room to another door , take in the girl with one sly glance and give the impression that not only he eye but he ear be open . Anna break off she remark . anna ( whisper ) I will tell you later . ( after gurganov have disappear into the other room she continue ) that gurganov , you never know whether he 's on he way to the washroom or the secret Police . ninotchka you should be more careful , Anna . anna and you too , ninotchka . ninotchka ( amaze ) about what ? anna ever since you have be back from Paris ... ninotchka I have not talk to anyone about Paris . I have not say a word . anna that 's just it . it make people feel queer . I dont ' want you to get in any trouble . ninotchka I have nothing to hide . anna you should . I will show you . she walk over to she cupboard and take out a piece of lingerie and come back to ninotchka with it . anna when I pass through the laundry yard today I see all the woman huddle around this so I bring it up here . thing like this create a bad feel . first they do not know whose it be . then they see the Paris label and do it start a commotion ! some say it 's what we all ought to wear and other say it 's like hang foreign idea on we clothesline . it undermine we whole cause . ninotchka ( aware of the pettiness which surround she ) I see . anna you know how it be today ... all you have to do be wear a pair of silk stocking and they suspect you of counter- revolution . ninotchka thank you , Anna . I will dry it up here when I wash it next . I should hate to see we country endangered by my underwear . anna ( confidentially ) ninotchka , you know I be you friend , you can trust I .... do you bring back anything else ? ninotchka suddenly be transport to Paris in she memory . ninotchka ( with feel ) no , I leave everything in Paris . I just happen to be wear this . anna tell I ... what else do you have ? ninotchka ( enjoy the think ) well , a hat ... anna what be it like ? ninotchka it be very silly .... I would be ashamed to wear it here . anna as beautiful as that ? what else ? come , tell I . ninotchka a evening gown . anna ( puzzle ) even gown ? ninotchka a dress you wear in the evening . anna what do you wear in the morning ? ninotchka when you get up you put on a negligee , and then you change to a morning frock . anna you mean to tell I you wear a different dress for different time of the day ? ninotchka yes . anna now , ninotchka , you be exaggerate . ninotchka no , my dear , it be true . that 's how they live in the other world . here we dress to have we body cover ... to keep warm .... anna and there ? ninotchka well , sometimes they be not completely cover but ... they do not freeze . anna ( finger the piece of lingerie ) they must have wonderful material to make a thing like this so soft ... something you do not even see . ninotchka you feel it , though . anna ( hesitantly ) ninotchka , I would not bring this up if we be not such good friend . ninotchka what be it , Anna ? anna you know I tell you that pavlov and I be go to get marry when he come back from the maneuver . would it be ask too much ... ninotchka you want this ? anna just for the honeymoon . ninotchka you can have it for good . it be my wedding present . Anna be for a moment speechless over this generous gift . she embrace and kiss ninotchka . anna ninotchka ! ninotchka ! she kiss she again , take she cello , and start to leave . anna be I go to play that cadenza tonight ! Anna exit , close the door . ninotchka be leave alone . her thought be still in the other world , obviously with Leon . mechanically she look over the table to see if everything be all right , then she walk over to the radio ( a primitive little machine ) . as she turn the knob she smile again reminiscently . as she do , the blare of a Russian speech bring she back to reality . voice on radio individual ? yes , as atom in the cosmos of Soviet Russia . family ? yes . one great family of one hundred and sixty million , struggle , fight , victorious Russian proletarian . thus shall we pursue we way into the future , fist clench , heart encase in steel armed against bourgeois sentimentality and ... quickly she turn the knob and again there be a burst of Russian oratory . second voice on radio ... from the exploiter for the toiler . we be go full steam ahead through industrialization toward socialism . let we put the Union of socialistic Soviet republic into a automobile and the muzhik into a tractor , and then let the capitalist try to keep up with we ! the same thing happen for a third time . third voice on radio ... and thirty million peasant , eighty - five per cent of the population own three hundred forty - three million four hundred and sixty - nine thousand acre of land , sixty - five per cent of the total area . and one hundred and fifty thousand noble possess thirty - five per cent of the country 's natural wealth ! ninotchka turn off the radio . she close she eye for a moment and with a sad smile murmur to herself . ninotchka no music . at this moment the door open , and buljanoff , iranoff , and kopalski enter . there follow warm greeting between ninotchka and the Three Russians . all three russian ninotchka ! ninotchka ! a moment of silence follow . the four look at each other as people do who share a secret . ninotchka ( with great warmth ) how be you , you three scoundrel ? kopalski ( wryly ) well , we be back home . buljanoff ( sourly ) you know what they say -- there 's nothing like home . iranoff that 's right ... and we might as well face it . ninotchka ( try not to say what she feel ) come , now , you must not talk that way .... you have to adjust yourselves .... we must be brave . iranoff brave ... that 's right . buljanoff let 's be happy that we be all alive . iranoff and that 's something we owe to ninotchka . kopalski if you have not give commissar razinin such a wonderful report about we , who know what would have happen ? buljanoff I can tell you exactly . ninotchka now let 's forget everything except that we be together . buljanoff that 's right . iranoff let 's do that . kopalski ( fall in with she attempt ) it 's a real Paris reunion . iranoff if you close you eye and listen to we voice we might be in Paris . ninotchka let 's not close we eye . there be many good thing to see here too . buljanoff ( cynically ) I think I need my glass . kopalski ( reprimand he quietly ) a little more tact ... look how nicely she 's fix the table -- all for we . buljanoff ( in a loud voice , try to make up for he faux pas ) how nicely you have fix the table , ninotchka . iranoff what a lovely room you have here . buljanoff how many family live here with you ? ninotchka only myself and two other girl . one be a cello player in the opera and the other a street - car conductor . iranoff ( impressed ) just three people in a room this size ? whew ! kopalski ( inspect the room ) and you own gas cooker ? that 's marvelous ! ( forget himself ) naturally it 's not the Royal suite ... ninotchka sssh ! once and for all , we be in Moscow ! kopalski ( walk over to the window ) yes , there 's no doubt of that ... ( sarcastically ) just look out of the window and there it be . ninotchka and it 's great ! think what it be a few year ago and what it be now . iranoff and buljanoff have join they at the window . iranoff she 's right ... ( under he breath ) anyhow let 's talk ourselves into it . buljanoff just see how happy the people look ... from here .... kopalski can you blame they ?... at least the May Day parade be over . buljanoff that 's another thing ... it 's spring . ninotchka the same spring we have in Paris . just as good . kopalski even the swallow be back . buljanoff and iranoff yes , that 's right . iranoff maybe that 's the same swallow we see in Paris ! buljanoff it be , ninotchka ! it be ! he must have be in Paris ! you can see it in he whole attitude ! he just pick up a crumb of we black bread , shook he head , and drop it . kopalski if you ask he why he leave France I bet he could not name one good reason . buljanoff I should be a swallow ! right now I would be sit in front of the café de Paris pick up flake of french pastry that would melt in my bill . ninotchka now , comrade ... there be something better in life than crumb of french pastry . kopalski ( the realist ) yes , a good piece of apfel strudel .... ninotchka we will get that ... we will get everything ... maybe a little bit later but we will get it ... we must be patient ... finally we get the spring , do not we ? we get the swallow , and you will get you apfel strudel too . buljanoff ( consolingly ) and if it be too late for you you child will eat it . iranoff ( break the mood ) let 's forget the future ... let 's stop be sentimental ... let 's start that omelet . kopalski that 's right . ( he take a little box out of he pocket ) here 's my egg . ( he hand it to ninotchka ) iranoff unty he egg from he handkerchief . iranoff and here 's mine . he hand it to ninotchka . buljanoff reach in he pocket and from he expression we see that a catastrophe must have happen . buljanoff comrade ... I be out of the omelet . ninotchka do not worry ... there will be enough . iranoff come , ninotchka , let 's make it in real parisian style ! the group all go to the gas cooker and ninotchka start to make the omelet . the other stand around as though they be watch a great event . kopalski let 's fill it with confiture , des prune ... buljanoff ... des raisin de madère , des framboise ... ( ... with grape of madeira , with raspberry ... ) iranoff ... des petite fraise des bois ... de la crème de bretagne ... ( ... with small wild strawberry ... with cream ... ) kopalski ... so it blow up that big ... what they call a omelette surprise ! buljanoff and the surprise be there 's nothing in it . kopalski I know , but if we can not put in all this wonderful thing at least let 's put in some imagination . ( he raise he voice ) in that one omelet we will taste the whole of Paris ! the door through which gurganov disappear open and gurganov come out . iranoff ( see he ) sssh ! the conversation stop . gurganov walk quietly through the room , again observe everything . he go out at last . iranoff a man like that ... all he have to do be to walk through a room and the omelet drop . there be a dead silence . all be again aware of the reality which surround . they concentrate quietly on the fry pan . dissolve to : insert of the frying pan the egg be gradually take the shape of a omelet . dissolve to : insert of a plate on the table only the last scrap of the omelet be on it . buljanoff 's hand come in with a big piece of bread with which he sop up every fragment that be leave . dissolve to : medium shot -- ninotchka's room -- evening the curtain be draw and the lamp light . all four be sit around the table , in the center of which be a samovar . in front of each of they be a glass of tea . one of the Russians be play a balalaika and all be sing gaily , " Paris . " ninotchka be enjoy they companionship . after a little while the door to the corridor open and ninotchka 's other roommate , the street - car conductor , stride in . she be a squareset , unfriendly woman in uniform . at sight of she one of the Russians nudge ninotchka , make the gesture of ringing up a fare , and accompany it with a inquire look . ninotchka nod . the Russians change they tune quickly to the " volga boatman " in order not to awaken animosity . the street - car conductor go to she bed and start to take off she shoe and she coat , then draw the curtain . during the follow scene we hear the splash of water and the sound of gargle . again gurganov cross the room , this time accompany by he little son . suddenly the door be open by Vladimir , a friendly old man . vladimir ( call into the room ) comrade yakushova , here , the postman leave a letter for you . he hand she a letter and exit . close shot -- ninotchka she take the letter , glance at the envelope , and be stunne . she turn the envelope -- a expression of breathless wonder come over she face . all three russian what be it , ninotchka ? ninotchka it 's from Paris . iranoff and buljanoff from Paris ? kopalski a bill ? ninotchka from Leon . all three russian from Leon !... how be he ?... come , tell we ... open it ... tell we ... how be he ? ninotchka sit in the chair nearest the lamp . all three be look over she shoulder . ninotchka hesitates to open the letter , obviously want to read it all by herself . realizing she feeling , the Three Russians walk to the far end of the room and sit down on a little bench , look toward ninotchka with childlike expectancy . in great anticipation ninotchka open the letter . she start to read it . suddenly she expression change to one of terrific disappointment . she turn the letter over , glance at the second page , then put the letter down on the table . the Russians have follow she expression closely . slowly they walk over to she . iranoff ( very sympathetic ) bad news ? ninotchka look for yourselves . iranoff pick up the letter . all three look at it . insert of first page of letter , hold in iranoff 's hand . in Leon 's handwrite we read : " ninotchka , my darling , " the rest of the write be block out , line by line , and across the page be a big stamp which say " censor . " iranoff 's hand turn the page . the second page be also censor except for the final word , " your , Leon . " shot of the whole group iranoff put the letter back on the table . they all understand and realize that ninotchka want to be alone . kopalski well , I think it 's get late . good night , ninotchka . iranoff thank you for a wonderful dinner . ninotchka rise and shake they hand . ninotchka ( with great warmth ) good night , my friend . the three start to leave but buljanoff return and whisper to ninotchka . buljanoff they can not censor we memory , can they ? ninotchka press he hand . he walk quietly out with the other . ninotchka , leave alone , sit down . she be heartbroken . her thought be too sad and too far away to be disturb by the snore which come from the corner where the street - car conductor have go to bed . fade out : close shot -- the window of razinin' office fade in : shoot from the inside . through the window the background of Moscow . it be winter and snow be on the roof . the camera pull back and disclose razinin sit at he desk , read a report with a stern expression . medium shot -- razinin' office ninotchka enter carry several folder . she walk to razinin 's desk and stand wait for he to recognize she presence . she be a tired , stern girl . razinin look up . razinin good morning , comrade . ninotchka ( very businesslike ) good morning , comrade commissar . here be my report on the material available for trading in the next four month . razinin do this include the product of the Far Eastern province ? ninotchka yes , it do . razinin you mean you have finish the whole investigation ? ninotchka yes . razinin that 's marvelous .... you must have work day and night .... do not you ever sleep ? ninotchka I need very little sleep . we must be extremely careful what goods we take in exchange . I have already start a survey of we most urgent need . razinin well , comrade , I be afraid you will have to turn over that work to someone else . ninotchka ( startle ) May I ask why ? razinin please ... sit down . ninotchka sit . razinin cigarette ? ninotchka thank you . razinin well , comrade , have you hear from you friend kopalski , buljanoff , and iranoff ? ninotchka no . razinin I have not either , but I have hear about they . you must realize it be only on the strength of you Paris report that I send they to constantinople ; without that I never would have trust they on a mission as important as the fur deal . ninotchka May I ask what have happen ? razinin as soon as we representative go to a foreign country they seem to lose all sense of balance . if I tell you what 's go on in constantinople right now you would not believe it . that three have be sit there for six week and have not sell a piece of fur . ( he point to the folder ) this anonymous report be send I . they be drag the good name of we country through every café and night club . here ... ( he read from the report ) " how can the bolshevik cause gain respect among the Moslems if you three representative , buljanoff , iranoff , and kopalski , get so drunk that they throw a carpet out of they hotel window and complain to the management that it do not fly ? " ninotchka have to suppress a smile of amusement at the antic of she three old friend . ninotchka oh , they should not do such thing . be you sure this report be correct ? razinin it give detail which could not be invent . naturally I want to verify it and that 's why I need you . ninotchka ( apprehensively ) you want I to go to constantinople ? razinin yes ... leave immediately . ninotchka ( she one object to escape the mission ) I appreciate the confidence you show in I , but I must ask you to entrust someone else with this mission . I should hate to interrupt my present work . I be positive that my survey be more important than find out whether three of we comrade have be drink some extra glass of champagne . razinin ( austerely ) that be for I to decide , comrade yakushova . ninotchka I be sorry , I do not want to overstep my position -- but please ... do not send I . razinin I do not understand . ninotchka ( make a last effort ) how can I make myself clear ... it be difficult to express but I would rather not go to foreign country any more . please , comrade ... let I stay here ... let I finish my work ... I be in the rhythm of it now ... I do not want to go away . I do not want to be send into that foreign atmosphere again . it throw one out of gear .... let I finish my work ... I have concentrate everything in it ... please ... do not make I go . razinin please do not waste my time , comrade . do you duty . good-by . ninotchka I will do my best . she exit , as we dissolve to : establishing shot of constantinople , on a bright sunlit day , if possible with the circle shadow of a airplane . dissolve to : long shot -- airport in constantinople , shoot from a airplane angle . a crowd be await the arrival of a plane . the camera go down to a close shot of buljanoff , iranoff , and kopalski , stand in the crowd . all three be very elegantly and gaily dress . they be in the happiest mood . one of they carry a large bouquet of flower to greet ninotchka . dissolve to : live room of a very luxurious HOTEL suite in constantinople . its style should suggest the locale . ninotchka enter with the Three Russians , who be very happy to have she with they again . kopalski ( indicate the room ) how do you like it , ninotchka ? be not it wonderful ? iranoff and buljanoff tell we ... tell we . ninotchka protest , but during the whole scene it be evident that behind she protestation there be none of the force and conviction she display in a similar situation in the Royal suite . ninotchka but buljanoff , iranoff , kopalski ... iranoff now , please , ninotchka , do not start figure it out in cow . ninotchka you have do it again and I be responsible . how can you forget yourselves this way ? you be send here to make money , not to spend it . iranoff buljanoff , she still have that old - fashioned bolshevik idea . buljanoff it be high time you get out of Russia . ninotchka ( not know what to do with the three rascal ) I must be stern with you . kopalski ( delighted ) that 's we old ninotchka ! buljanoff and iranoff ( agree with he ) yes , yes . ninotchka do not forget , the day will come when you will have to face razinin . buljanoff ( cockily ) good old razinin ! be he still alive ? how do he manage ? ninotchka but , comrade ... kopalski ( with the happiness of be free again in he voice ) we be not comrade any more ... we be friend , ninotchka . buljanoff imagine , we do not have to whisper any longer . iranoff we can say whatever we want . we can shout ... we can complain ... look ... ( he open the door lead to corridor ) the service in this hotel be terrible ! ( he close the door ) see ? nobody come ... nobody pay any attention . that 's freedom . buljanoff ( dryly ) no , that 's bad management . ninotchka be it possible to bring you back to reality for a moment ? I must have a complete report of you negotiation and a detailed expense account . buljanoff do not ask for it , ninotchka . there be a turkish proverb which say , " if something smell bad , why put you nose in it ? " ninotchka and there be a Russian say : " the cat who have cream on he whisker have better find good excuse . " buljanoff with we cream situation what it be , it be Russia which should apologize to the cat . ninotchka ( helplessly ) Friends ... friend , buljanoff , iranoff ... kopalski ( afraid of be leave out ) ... and kopalski . ninotchka ( pleadingly ) do not make it difficult for I . this be no more a pleasure trip for I than it be for you . iranoff that be we idea when we first come . all we think we would get out of this trip be a turkish bath , but ... we learn better . kopalski ninotchka , we be in the magic East , the country of aladdin and his lamp ... iranoff ... Ali Baba and the forty thiefe ... into one single hour you can crowd a thousand and one night . buljanoff all you have to do be say " open sesame . " ninotchka I do not know how I can get you out of it this time . how will it end ? what will happen to you ? buljanoff ( intimately ) shall we tell she ? iranoff and kopalski yes . buljanoff ( proudly ) ninotchka , I hope you will be we guest . ninotchka Guest ? buljanoff we have open a restaurant ... iranoff ... we have a wonderful electric sign : " dine with buljanof , iranoff , and kopalski . " ninotchka you mean you be desert Russia ? kopalski ( sing the song of freedom ) do not call it desertion . we little restaurant ... that be we Russia ... the Russia of borscht , the Russia of beef stroganoff , blinis with sour cream ... iranoff ... the Russia of piroshki ... people will eat and love it . buljanoff we be not only serve good food , we be serve we country ... we be make friend . ninotchka ( completely bewilder ) who give you this idea ? what be responsible for all this ? kopalski ( with a gleam in he eye ) there 's something in constantinople ... something irresistible .... iranoff ... it be in the air ... it may come around the corner as you walk down the street .... buljanoff ... it may step out of a bazaar ... it may wait for you in a corridor ... it may hide in the shadow of a minaret .... kopalski ( point to the balcony ) right now it 's on the balcony . ninotchka look toward the balcony and be dumbfounded as she see Leon stand there smile at she . he walk quietly toward she . leon ( look longingly at ninotchka ) they would not let I in so I have to get you out . ninotchka ( still take aback ) so -- you be behind all this . I should have know . Leon take she hand and kiss it . the Three Russians exchange glance . the camera pan with they -- leave ninotchka and Leon as Russians walk discreetly out of the room and close the door behind they . close shot -- leon and ninotchka leon try to keep I away from you ! it could not be do . naturally I could not go on forever punch passport official in the nose -- but I find a way , do not I ? darling , I have to see you . I write and write but all my letter come back . ninotchka the one I get they would not let I read . ( carry away by emotion ) it begin , " ninotchka , my darling , " and end , " your , Leon . " leon ( with great feel and sincerity ) I will not tell you what come between ... I will prove it . it will take a long time , ninotchka ... at least a lifetime . ninotchka be aware that she be face a decision . she know what she want but still try to evade a definite answer . ninotchka but , Leon , I be only here for a few day . leon if you do not stay with I , I will have to continue my fight . I will travel wherever Russian commission be . I will turn they all into buljanoff , iranoff , and kopalskis . the world will be crowded with Russian restaurant . I will depopulate Russia . once you save you country by go back . this time you can save it by stay here . ninotchka well , when it be a choice between my personal interest and the good of my country , how can I waver ? no one shall say ninotchka be a bad Russian . Leon take she in he arm , they kiss as we fade out : the end