nixon by stephen J. rivele , christopher wilkinson and oliver stone a prologue appear on a black screen : " this film be a attempt to understand the truth of Richard Nixon , thirty - seventh president of the United States . it be base on numerous public source and on a incomplete historical record . in consideration of length , event and character have be condense , and some scene among protagonist have be conjecture . " on a portable screen we read the famous word from Matthew : " what shall it profit a man if he shall gain the whole world and lose he own soul ? " this fade into : a black and white 16 - mm sale training film . at the moment , the sale manager , bob , be chat with earl , a rookie salesman . bob sure you have get a great product , Earl . but you have to remember what you be really sell . ( then ) yourself . int . watergate HOTEL - conference room - night Seven man in shirt and tie be seat around a table in a darken room . they be smoking Cuban cigar , idly watch the film . title : " JUNE 17 , 1972 . " then : " the watergate HOTEL " a busboy yawn as he clear away the remain of dinner . a waiter start pour margarita from a pitcher . a bald man in he early fifty toss a five onto the table . he be howard hunt . hunt just leave it . the waiter put down the pitcher , pick up the five , and follow the busboy out of the room . the moment the door close behind they , gordon liddy be on he foot , lock the door . other men be visible , put on jacket , secure technical equipment from briefcase and bag . they be : frank sturgis , bernard barker , eugenio martinez , virgilio gonzale , and jame mccord . liddy ( check he watch ) Zero-one-twenty -one . Mark . sturgis roll he eye , drain he margarita . liddy pull a wad of cash from he pocket , start pass out hundred dollar bill to he man . liddy ( cont 'd ) just in case you need to buy a cop . but do not spend it all in one place . we be go to do mcgovern 's office later tonight . mccord shake he head . liddy ( cont 'd ) order from the White House , partner . liddy bypass hunt , who be browsing a fold Spanish language paper . liddy ( cont 'd ) Howard ... what the hell ? what be you do ? hunt dog ... season start tomorrow . ( off liddy 's look ) it keep I calm . I do not like go back into the same building four time . liddy mutter something didactic in german . hunt ( cont 'd ) mein kampf ? liddy ( translate into English ) " a warrior with nerve of steel be yet break by a thread of silk . " nietzsche . hunt personally I would prefer a greyhound with a shot of speed . liddy ( to all ) remember -- listen up ! Fire team discipline be there at all time . keep you radio on at all time during the entire penetration . check yourselves . phony id 's , no wallet , no key . we rendezvous where ? the watergate , room 214 . when ? at zero three -hundre . sturgis yawohl , mein fartenfuhrer . liddy ( narrowing , wave he gun ) do not start with I , Frank , I will make you a new asshole . hunt ( rise past they ) let 's get the fuck out of here , shall we , lady ? liddy anything go wrong , head for you home , just sit tight -- you will hear from I or Howard . hunt ( aside ) personally , I will be call the President of the United States . a nervous chuckle as hunt follow liddy out the main door . the rest exit through the door behind the screen . the film be end . Bob put a hand on Earl 's shoulder . bob and remember , Earl : always look them in the eye . ( to the camera ) nothing sell like sincerity . a black screen as the film rattles out , follow by a radio report over the darken room , the sound of door close . radio report ( v.o. ) five man wear surgical glove and business suit , and carry camera and electronic surveillance equipment , be arrest today in the headquarters of the Democratic National Committee in Washington . they be unarm . nobody know yet why they be there or what they be look for ... fade in to : ext . the white house - night ( 1973 ) title run - a raw November night . we be look through the black iron bar of the fence towards the facade of the executive mansion . a light be on in a second floor room . we move towards it through the bar , across the lawn . Dead leave blow past . a subtitle read : " november 1973 " a black limousine slide up to the White House West wing . a armed guard with a black doberman approach . the window open slightly . the Guard peer in . then , he open the door . guard good evening , General haig . general alexander haig get out , walk up the step . he carry a manila envelope . as he enter the White House , we hear a audio montage of news reporter from the previous year . the voice fade in and out , overlap . reporter ( v.o. ) judge John sirica today sentence the watergate burglar to term range from up to forty year ... the White House continue to deny any involvement ... int . the white house - vestibule - night haig enter , start up the stair . the mansion be dark , silent . like a tomb . reporter ( v.o. ) presidential counsel John Dean testify before the Senate watergate Committee that the scandal reach to the high level ... moving : a low - angle shot of haig 's spit-shine shoe move down the long corridor of the second floor of the residence . reporter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) presidential aide haldeman and ehrlichman be order to resign today ... in a stun announcement , White House aid Alexander butterfield reveal the existence of a secret taping system ... close : on the manila envelope in haig 's hand . reporter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the President have fire the watergate special prosecutor , Archibald Cox , provoking the gravest constitutional crisis in american history ... haig stop at the door , quietly knock . no answer . reporter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) judge sirica have order the President to turn over he tape ... haig open the door . int . the white house - lincoln sitting room - night the room be small , austere , dominate by a portrait of lincoln over the fireplace . haig stand in the doorway , hold the envelope . haig this be the tape you request , Mr. President . richard nixon be in shadow , silhouett by the fire in the hearth . the air-condition be go full blast . haig cross the room , open the envelope , take out a reel of tape . Nixon sit in a small armchair in a corner . a uher tape recorder and a headset be on a end table at he elbow . next to it be a large tumbler of scotch . haig hand the envelope contain the tape to Nixon . nixon this be June twentieth ? haig it 's mark . also there 's June twenty third . and this year -- March twenty first . that be the one ... Nixon squint at the label in the firelight . haig ( cont 'd ) ... the lawyer feel ... will be the basis of the ... proceedings . Nixon try to thread the tape . nixon Nixon 's never be any good with this thing . he drop the tape on the floor . nixon ( cont 'd ) cocksucker ! haig pick up the tape . then he step to the table , reach for the lamp . haig do you mind ? Nixon gesture awkwardly . haig turn on the lamp . for the first time we can see Nixon 's face : he have not sleep in day , dark circle , sagging jowl , five - o' - clock shadow . he hate the light , slur a strange growl -- the effect of sleep pill . haig ( cont 'd ) sorry ... nixon ( gesture ) ... go on . haig thread the tape . Nixon , look at it , remember . nixon ( cont 'd ) ... y'know Al , if Hoover be alive none of this would have happen . he would have protect the President . haig Mr. Hoover be a realist . nixon I trust Mitchell . it be that damn big mouth wife of he . haig at least Mitchell stand up to it . nixon not like the other -- Dean , mccord , the rest ... we never get we side of the story out , al. people have forget . I mean : " fuck you , Mr. President , fuck you tricia , fuck you Julie ! " and all that shit , just word , but what violence ! the tear gassing , the riot , burn the draft card , Black panther -- we fix it , Al , and they hate I for it -- the double deal bastard . they lionize that traitor , ellsberg , for steal secret , but they jump all over I ' cause it 's nixon. ( repeat ) ... they have always hate Nixon . haig finish thread . haig May I say something , Mr. President ? nixon there 's no secret here , Al . haig you have never be a great example to the country than you be now , sir , but ... but you need to get out more , sir , and talk to the people . no one I know feel ... close to you . Nixon look at he , move by he concern . nixon I be never the buddy - buddy type , Al . you know , " oh I could not sleep last night , I be think of my mother who beat I " -- all that kind of crap , you know the psychoanalysis bag ... my mother ... the more I would spill my gut , the more they would hate I . I would be what ... pathetic ! if I would bugge out of Vietnam when they want , do you think watergate would have ever happen ? you think the establishment would have give a shit about a third - rate burglary ? but do i? quit ? do I pull out ? he stare , wait . haig no , sir , you do not . nixon damn right . and there 's still a helluva lotta people out there who wanna believe ... that 's the point , be not it ? they wanna believe in the President . he suddenly tire of talk , rub he hand over he face . haig you be all set , sir . just push this button . good night , Mr. President . nixon you know , Al , man in you profession ... you give them a pistol and you leave the room . haig I do not have a pistol . nixon ' night , Al . haig quietly close the door . Nixon take a generous slug of scotch . then he look down at the tape recorder . he put on the uher headset , and hit the fast - forward button : high - speed voice . nixon ( cont 'd ) goddamn ! he hit stop , put on he eyeglass , study the recorder for a moment . pushes the " play " button . voice . barely audible at first . Nixon lean closer , listen . nixon ( on tape ) ( cont 'd ) they do what ?! I do not understand . why would they go into o'brien 's office in the first place ? haldeman ( on tape ) evidently to install bug and photograph document . flashback to : int . exec office bldg - nixon office - day ( 1972 ) subtitle read : " JUNE 1972 . " Nixon 's hideaway office in the executive Office Building . bob haldeman , he crew - cut , hard - edge chief of staff , sit across the desk , a folder open on he lap . Nixon , at he desk , seem a healthier man than in the previous scene . also there be JOHN ehrlichman , portly domestic advisor , and JOHN dean , blond , gentrify , legal counsel . nixon but o'brien do not even use that office . the Democrats have move to Miami . there 's nothing there ! haldeman it be just a fishing expedition . apparently it be they fourth attempt at the dnc . nixon they fourth ! haldeman it 's possible they be look for evidence of a illegal Howard Hughes donation to the Democrats , so the Democrats could not make a issue of you Hughes money . nixon contribution ! it be a legal contribution . who the hell authorize this ? colson ? ehrlichman ( shake he head ) colson do not know about it ; he 's pure as a virgin on this one . it 's just not clear the burglar know what they be look for . they be head to mcgovern 's office later that night . nixon Jesus ! do Mitchell know ? ehrlichman Mitchell 's out of he mind now . martha just put she head through a plate-glass window . nixon Jesus ! through a window ? haldeman it be she wrist . and it be through a plate-glass door . ehrlichman anyway , they have to take she to Bellevue . maybe she will stay this time . a beat . nixon martha 's a idiot , she will do anything to get John 's attention . if Mitchell would be mind the store instead of that nut martha we would not have that kid magruder runnin ' some third - rate burglary ! be he smoking pot ? ehrlichman Mitchell ? nixon no! magruder ! that sonofabitch test my quaker patience to the break point . dean the bigger problem I see be this guy who be arrest , mccord -- James mccord -- he head up security for the Committee to re-elect . he turn out to be ex -cia . nixon " ex - CIA " ? there 's no such thing as " ex - CIA , " John -- they be all ivy League establishment . be he one of this guy with a beef against we ? ehrlichman mccord ? ... nixon find out what the hell he be do at " creep . " this could be trouble . this CIA guy do not miss a trick . this could be a set-up . intercut of all of this people arise as the scene run -- mccord , liddy , magruder , Mitchell , martha , hunt , etc . haldeman ( with a look to ehrlichman ) we feel the bigger concern be Gordon liddy ... nixon that fruitcake ! what about he ? haldeman well , you know , sir , he 's a nut . he use to work here with the " plumber " and now he 's run this watergate caper . you remember he plan to firebomb the brooking use cuban as firemen ? he want to buy a damned fire truck ! magruder think he 's just nutty enough to go off the reservation . nixon what 's liddy get ? haldeman apparently he be use some campaign cash that be launder for we through Mexico . the FBI 's onto it . we could have a problem with that . dean ... but it will just be a campaign finance violation ... haldeman ... and if liddy take the rap for watergate , we can take care of he ... nixon I do not have time for all this shit ! ( to haldeman ) just handle it , Bob ! keep it out of the White House . what else ? kissinger 's wait -- he 's gonna throw a tantrum again if I do not see he , threaten to quit ... again . ( sigh ) ehrlichman well , sir ... it turn out -- one of the people implicate be still , you see , on we White House payroll . nixon who ? not another goddamn Cuban ? haldeman no , sir . a guy name hunt . Nixon stop , stunne . nixon hunt ? Howard hunt ? ehrlichman he leave he White House phone number in he hotel room . haldeman he work for colson . he use he on the Pentagon paper . we be try to figure out when he officially stop be a White House consultant . after the arrest he dumped he wiretapp stuff into he White House safe . nixon ( incredulous ) Howard hunt be work for the White House ? no shit ! this be goddamn disneyland ! since when ? ehrlichman chappaquiddick . you want some dirt on Kennedy . colson bring he in . dean you know hunt , sir ? nixon ( perturb ) on the list of horrible , I know what he be . and I know what he track back to . ( then ) you say he be involved in the plumber ? haldeman definitely . colson have he try to break into bremer 's apartment after bremer shot wallace , to plant mcgovern campaign literature . nixon ( lofty ) I have nothing to do with that . be he ... in the ellsberg thing ? haldeman yes , you approve it , sir . nixon I do ? haldeman it be right after the Pentagon paper break . they go in to get he psychiatric record . nixon Fucking hell . haldeman we be work on China . Nixon have a seat , shake . he stare right at we , as we : sharp CUT back to : int . the white house - oval office - day ( 1971 ) the president's men be gather in somber silence , share front page copy of the New York Times . subtitle read : " JUNE 1971 - a year earlier " insert headline : " secret Pentagon Study detail descent into Vietnam " ; " Pentagon paper expose government lies . " the technique we have establish of a audio montage of reporter' voice continue over the scene . reporter ( v.o. ) the New York Times begin publishing today the first in a series of forty seven volume of top secret Pentagon paper relate to the war in Vietnam . the papers reveal a systematic pattern of government lie about american involvement in the war ... Nixon throw down the paper in disgust and attempt to feed he irish setter , king timahoe , a biscuit , as henry kissinger pace the room , the most upset of all . kissinger Mr. President , we be in a revolutionary situation . we be under siege -- Black panther , Weathermen ; the State Department under Rogers be leak like a sieve . and now this insignificant little shit ellsberg publishing all the diplomatic secret of this country will destroy we ability to conduct foreign policy . nixon ( feed the dog ) here , Tim ... Tim . I be as frustrated as you , Henry , but do not you think this one 's a Democrat problem . they start the war ; it make they look bad . kissinger lower he voice for effect , pound the desk . kissinger Mr. President , how we can look the Soviets or the chinese in the eye now and have any credibility when any traitor can leak ! even the vietnamese , tawdry little shit that they be , will never -- never -- agree to secret negotiation with we . this make you look like a weakling , Mr. President . haldeman he 's right about one thing , sir . I speak with lyndon . this Pentagon paper business have knock the shit out of he . complete collapse , massive depression . he feel the country be lose , that you as President can not govern anymore . nixon ( irritate ) goddamn ! how long have we have this fuck dog ?! two year , he still do not come ! we need a dog that look happy when the press be around . ehrlichman well , he 's photogenic . let 's try dog bone ? kissinger ( end of he patience ) Mr. President , the vietnamese , the Russians ... Nixon finally throw the biscuit at the dog , glare at kissinger . nixon ( to ehrlichman ) fuck it ! he do not like I , John ! ( to kissinger ) it 's you fault , Henry . kissinger I beg you pardon -- nixon it 's you people who be leak to the Times . be not this ellsberg a student of yours at Harvard ? he be you idea ; why be you suddenly run for cover ? kissinger he be , he be . we teach a class together at Harvard . but you know this back -stabbing ivy League intellectual , they can not ... nixon ( cold ) no , Henry . I do not . kissinger he 's turn into a drug fiend , he shot people from helicopter in Vietnam , he have sexual relation with he wife in front of they child . he see a shrink in l.a . he 's all fuck up . now he 's try to be a hero to the liberal ... if he get away with it , everybody will follow he lead . he must be stop at all cost . colson Sir , if I might ? nixon go , Chuck . colson for three year now I have watch people in this government promote themselves , ignore you order , embarrassing you administration . it make I sick ! we have play by the rule and it do not work ! mitchell ( to Nixon ) we can prosecute the New York Times , go for a injunction ... nixon ... but it 's not , bottom -line , gonna change a goddamn thing , John . the question be : how do we screw ellsberg so bad it put the fear of God into all leaker ? colson can we link ellsberg to the Russians ? nixon good , I like that . the other issue be : how the hell do we plug this leak once and for all ? who the hell 's talk to the press ? ( he look directly at Henry ) Henry , for two goddamn year you have put wiretaps on you own people . kissinger to protect you , Mr. President . colson ( interject ) to protect yourself be more like it . the pot call the kettle ... kissinger throw colson a vicious look , while Nixon ignore it . kissinger ( aside ) who be you talk to like this , you insignificant shit ... nixon ... and what do we get for it ? gob and gob of bullshit , gossip , nothing ! someone be leak . we have get to stop the leak , Henry , at any cost , do you hear I ? then we can go for the big play -- China , Russia . colson Mr. President , we can do this ourselves . the CIA and the FBI be not do the job . but we can create we own intelligence unit -- right here , inside the White House . a slow move in on Nixon as he think about it . nixon well , why not ? haldeman we own intelligence capability -- to fix the leak ? colson yeah , like the plumber . Nixon smile . nixon I like it . I like the idea . ehrlichman be it legal ? ( a beat ) I mean have anyone ever do it before ? nixon sure . lyndon , JFK , FDR -- I mean , Truman cut the shit out of my investigation of hiss back in ' 48 . mitchell it be illegal , what he do . nixon you know , this kinda thing , you gotta be brutal . a leak happen , the whole damn place should be fire . really . you do it like the Germans in World War ii . if they go through this town and a sniper hit one of they , they would line the whole goddamn town up and say : " until you talk you be all get shot . " I really think that 's what have to be do . I do not think you can be Mr. Nice - guy anymore ... colson just whisper the word to I , sir , and I will shoot ellsberg myself . ehrlichman we be not the Germans , sir ... nixon ellsberg 's not the issue . the Pentagon paper be not the issue . ( almost to himself ) it 's the lie . a pause . everyone in the room chew on this for a moment . Mitchell , the oldest in the group , smoke on he pipe , stone - face . mitchell the lie ? nixon you remember , John , in ' 48 -- no one believe alger hiss be a communist . except I . they love hiss just like they love this ellsberg character . East Coast , ivy League . he be they kind . I be dirt to they . nothing . as they talk , a montage arise of alger hiss and the day of old -- the photograph of the notorious 1948 hiss case : hiss , chamber , the younger nixon with the microfilm ; a headline read " hiss found guilty " ; truman , eleanor roosevelt , a beam eisenhower shaking Nixon 's hand . mitchell ( to the room ) and Dick beat the shit out of they . nixon but I would not have if hiss have not lie about know Chambers . the document be old and out of date , like this Pentagon paper . the key thing we prove be that hiss be a liar . then people buy it that he be a spy . ( then ) it 's the lie that get you . mitchell ( to the room ) hiss be protect he wife . I have always believe that . nixon ( cryptically ) when they know you have get something to protect , that 's when they fuck you ! haldeman what 's this faggot , ellsberg , protect ? colson his liberal elitist friend . his Harvard - Ph.D. - i-shit-holier - than -thou attitude . kissinger wait . Nixon acknowledge he . the camera be move tighter and tighter on the President . his expression be furious , he word violent . nixon alright , Henry -- we be gonna go you way . crush this ellsberg character the same way we do hiss ! kissinger ( interject ) there 's no other choice . nixon we be gonna hit he so hard he look like everything that 's sick and evil about the Eastern establishment . ( to colson ) you and you " plumber " be gonna find dirt on this guy -- let 's see he go to the bathroom in front of the american public ! and when we finish with he , they will crucify he ! flash CUT to : int . field psychiatrist office - night ( 1971 ) subtitle read : " ellsberg's psychiatrist's office - 1971 " another break - in be in effect . liddy in wig , thick glass , false tooth , and three cuban ( barker , martinez from watergate , and de Diego , not at watergate ) be visible , move through , smash up the office . in close ups , we see hand jerk open filing cabinet , pull the drawer out of desk . reporter ( v.o. ) the Nixon administration respond by filing a injunction against the New York Times to prevent further publication ... President Nixon condemn the Pentagon paper as the worst breach of national security in U.S. history ... Daniel ellsberg , who leak the papers , be charge today in federal court ... while this be go on , a powerful flashbulb keep pop . the photographer , look for evidence , suddenly catch he partner in the light , he startle face bury beneath a 70' wig -- howard hunt . hunt be piss : hunt fuck you -- gimme that fuck film ! back to : int . exec office bldg - nixon office - day ( 1972 ) resume - close on nixon remember Howard hunt , as haldeman look on . nixon Howard hunt ? ... Jesus Christ , you open up that scab ... and you uncover a lot of pus . haldeman what do you mean , sir ? Nixon choose not to answer . nixon where 's hunt now ? ehrlichman in hide . he send liddy to talk to I . nixon and ? ehrlichman he want money . nixon pay he . ehrlichman pay he ? I tell he to get out of the country . it 's crazy to start ... nixon what the hell be you do , ehrlichman ? screw with the CIA ? I do not care how much he want -- pay he . haldeman but what be we pay he for ? nixon silence ! haldeman but , sir , you be cover -- no one here give order to break into the damned watergate . we be clean . it 's only the ellsberg thing , and if that come out , it 's " national security . " nixon " Security " be not strong enough . haldeman how about a comint classification ? we put it on the Huston plan . even the designation be classified . nixon " National priority . " ehrlichman " priority ? " how about " secret , top secret " ? dean I be think " sensitive . " nixon " National security priority restrict and control secret . " haldeman we will work on it . I say we cut ourselves loose from this clown and that 's all there be to it . a beat . Nixon look out at the Rose Garden . nixon it 's more than that . it could be more than that . I want hunt pay . ehrlichman uh , we have never do this before , sir ... how do we pay ? in ... hundred ? ( smirk ) do you fill a black bag full of unmark bill ? nixon ( snap ) this be not a joke , John ! ehrlichman no , sir . nixon we should set up a Cuban defense fund on this ; take care of all of they . haldeman should we talk to trini about pay this guy ? or maybe chotiner ? nixon no , keep trini out of this . chotiner 's too old . and for God 's sake , keep colson out . ( include Dean ) it 's time to baptize we young counsel . that mean Dean can never talk about it . Attorney - client privilege . get to it . and Dean -- you stay close on this . dean yes , sir , do not worry -- prompt , ehrlichman and Dean leave . when the door close : nixon Bob , do I approve the ellsberg thing ? you know , I be glad we tape all this conversation because ... I never approve that break - in at ellsberg 's psychiatrist . or maybe I approve it after the fact ? someday we have get to start transcribe the tape . haldeman you approve that before the fact , because I go over it with you . but ... nixon uh , no one , of course , be go to see this tape , but ... haldeman that 's right , and it 's more a problem for ehrlichman . he fix hunt up with the phony CIA id 's , but ... what else do hunt have on we ? again , Nixon choose not to answer . nixon we have get to turn off the FBI . you just go to the CIA , Bob , and tell helm that Howard hunt be blackmail the President . tell he that hunt and he Cuban friend know too damn much , and if he go public , it would be a fiasco for the CIA . he will know what I be talk about . haldeman ( still confuse ) all right . nixon play it tough . that 's the way they play it and that 's the way we be go to play it . do not lie to helm and say there 's no involvement , but just say this be sort of a comedy of error , bizarre , without get into it . say the President believe it 's go to open up the whole Bay of Pigs thing again . tell helm he should call the FBI , call Pat Gray , and say that we wish for the sake of the country -- do not go any further into this hanky - panky , period ! haldeman the Bay of Pigs ? ... that be Kennedy 's screw - up . how do that threaten we ? nixon just do what I say , Bob . haldeman yes , sir , but ... do you think Gray will go for it ? nixon Pat Gray will do anything we ask he . that 's why I appoint he . haldeman he will need a pretext . he will never figure one out for himself . nixon ( sigh ) Christ , you be right -- Gray make Jerry Ford look like mozart . ( then ) just have helm call he . helm can scare anybody . haldeman the only problem with that , sir -- it get we into obstruction of justice . nixon it 's get nothing to do with justice . it 's national security . haldeman how be this national security ? nixon because the President say it be . my job be to protect this country from its enemy , and its enemy be inside the wall . pause . haldeman be perplex . nixon ( cont 'd ) I suppose you think the presidency be above this sort of thing . haldeman Sir ? nixon this be not a " moral " issue , Bob . we have to keep we enemy at bay or we whole program be gonna go down the tube . the FBI be fill with people who be piss that I put Gray in and not one of they own . Vietnam , China , the Soviet Union : when you look at the big picture , Bob , you will see we be do a hell of a lotta good in this world . let 's not screw it up with some shit -ass , third - rate burglary . haldeman I will talk to helm . ( look at he watch ) oh , Pat ask if you be come to the residence for dinner tonight . nixon no , no , not tonight . do not let she in here . I have too much to do . haldeman yes , sir . I will talk to helm , and , uh ... what 's we press position on this watergate thing ? what do I tell Ziegler to tell they ? int . the white house - lincoln sitting room - night ( 1973 ) resume scene - nixon take another drink , look up at lincoln 's portrait . nixon ( on tape ) ( yell ) tell them what we have always tell them ! tell them anything but the goddamn truth ! as the tape grind on with hard - to- hear dialogue , Nixon search through a drawer in the rolltop desk next to the fireplace . he find a small vial of pill , fumble with the cap . he rip the cap off , the pill scatter on the desk . nixon ( cont 'd ) shit ! he begin scoop they back into the bottle , he hand tremble with the effort . nixon ( cont 'd ) ( mumble ) put I in this position ... expose I like this . he downs a couple of pill with the scotch . nixon ( cont 'd ) why do not they just fuck shoot I ? Nixon take another drink , look down . sharp CUT back to : int . tv studio - night ( 1960 ) documentary footage - JOHN f. kennedy look straight at the camera . tanned , impeccable , confident . kennedy I do not think the world can exist in the long run half - slave and half - free . the real issue before we be how we can prevent the balance of power from turn against we ... if we sleep too long in the sixty , Mr. khrushchev will " bury " we yet ... I think it 's time America start move again . dissolve to : nixon do not look well . his clothes be baggy , and he have a slight sheen of perspiration around he lower lip . he seem uncomfortable in he movement , robotic , falsely aggressive with he raise eyebrow and glaring demeanor . ( the follow essence be take from four debate and various campaign material ; in use a documentary JFK , we will be cut around he when off-debate material be use . ) nixon ... when it come to experience , I want you to remember I have have 173 meeting with President eisenhower , and 217 time with the National Security Council . I have attend 163 cabinet meeting . I have visit fifty four country and have discussion with thirty - five president , nine prime minister , two emperor , and the shah of Iran ... int . tv studio - control room - night PAT nixon , a year older than Dick , watch she champion through the glass booth . the " mona Lisa " of american politics , she project deep admiration for , and pride in , she husband . but now she appear perturb by what she 's see . a young haldeman sit watch the debate on monitor with herb klein , press secretary , and other in the Nixon circle . through the glass we see the candidate . murray chotiner , campaign manager , overweight and bow-ty , move down the row of monitor hold a cigar . he manage to drop ash on a attractive kennedy staffer . chotiner Excuse I , sweetheart . as he sit next to haldeman , Nixon drone on . nixon ( on t.v. monitor ) let 's take hydroelectric power . in we administration , we have build more ... chotiner ( privately ) Jesus Christ , have he tell they how many push - up he can do yet ? what the hell happen to he ? haldeman he just get out of the hospital , Murray , and he have not take a hour off during the campaign , thanks to you . chotiner you could have at least get he a suit that fit , for Christ 's sake , and slap some makeup on he . he look like a frigging corpse ! nixon ( t.v. ) ... when we consider the lineup of the world , we find there be 590 million people on we side , 800 million on the Communist side , and 600 million who be neutral . the odd be 5 to 3 against we ... haldeman he would not do the makeup . Said it be for queer . JFK 's face be on the monitor now . chotiner Kennedy do not look like a queer , do he ? ( then ) he look like a God . haldeman Murray , it 's not a beauty contest . chotiner we better hope not . PAT ( upset ) what be you do to he , Murray ? look at he -- he 's not well . he do not have to debate John Kennedy . haldeman Mrs. Nixon , we do not ... chotiner Pat , baby , listen , when it come to ... PAT he can win without do this . kennedy ( on tv ) ... in attack my resolve , Mr. Nixon have carefully avoid mention my position on Cuba ... haldeman oh shoot ! he 's go to do it ! here it come . kennedy ( on tv ) ... as a result of administration policy , we have see Cuba go to the Communists ... eight jet minute from the coast of Florida ! castro 's influence will spread through all of Latin America . we must attempt to strengthen the democratic anti castro force in exile . this fighter have have virtually no support from we government ! haldeman ( whisper to klein , chotiner ) sonofabitch ! he be brief by the CIA . he 's use it against we ! he know we can not respond . chotiner it 's a disgrace . moderator Mr. Nixon ? Nixon look , astound , at JFK . he fumble he response . nixon I think ... I think ... that 's the sort of very dangerous and irresponsible suggestion that ... help the Cuban exile who oppose castro would , uh ... not only be a violation of international law , it would be ... haldeman ( close he eye ) he 's tread water . do not mention khrushchev . nixon ... a open invitation for Mr. khrushchev to become involved in Latin America . we would lose all we friend in Latin America . klein he just violate national security , Dick ! attack the bastard ! kennedy I , for one , have never believe the foreign policy of the United States should be dictate by the kremlin . as long as ... klein hang he head ; chotiner share a look with haldeman . the young Kennedy staffer applaud gleefully . nixon ( v.o. ) the sonofabitch steal it ! int . ambassador HOTEL - suite - los angele - dawn ( 1960 ) nixon stand at the center of a room crowded with he men . he be despondent , astound . PAT nixon watch silently , bitter , nearly in tear . chotiner he carry every cemetery in Chicago ! and Texas -- they have the goddamn cattle voting ! the final election figure be come in over the television . they show Kennedy with a 120,000 - voter margin ( 34.2 to 34.1 million ) and run down the electoral college vote . chotiner ( cont 'd ) closest election in history , Dick , and they steal it . sonofabitch ! nixon he outspent we and he still cheat . a guy who 's get everything . I can not believe it . we come to Congress together . I go to he wedding . we be like brother , for Christ 's sake . Pat leave abruptly ; she can not take it anymore . chotiner look at Dick as if he be incredibly naive . haldeman and klein be at a table , ream of return before they . klein we have get the figure , Dick ! the fraud be obvious -- we call for a recount . haldeman nobody 's ever contest a presidential election . chotiner who 's go to do the count ? the Democrats control Texas , they control Illinois . klein we shift 25,000 vote in two state , and ... chotiner how long would that take ? six month ? a year ? haldeman meanwhile , what happen to the country ? nixon the bastard ! if I would call he shot on Cuba I would have win . he make I look soft . klein ( read transcript ) " I feel sorry for Nixon because he do not know who he be , and at each stop he have to decide which Nixon he be at the moment , which must be very exhaust . " -- Jack Kennedy . chotiner bullshit ! the camera be drive in on Nixon building to a rage . klein know how to get to he . klein ( read ) " Nixon 's a shifty - eye , goddamn liar . if he have to stick to the truth he would have very little to say . if you vote for he you ought to go to hell ! " -- Harry S Truman ... that 's what kill we , Dick , not Cuba -- the personality problem . be we gonna let this sonofabitch Democrats get away with this ? haldeman ( sotto voce ) you know , herb , it 's not the time ... Nixon in close - up , inner demon move he . a brief image of something ugly ... in Nixon . himself , perhaps , drench in blood , or death imagery . nixon goddamn Kennedy ! go to Harvard . his father hand he everything on a silver platter ! all my life they be stick it to I . not the right clothes , not the right school , not the right family . and then he steal from I ! I have nothing and he steal . ( softly , lethal ) and he say I have " no class . " and they love he for it . it 's not fair , Murray , it 's not fair . chotiner Dick , you be only forty - seven . you contest this election , you be finish . you gotta swallow this one . they steal it fair and square . Nixon look at he , broken-hearted . he control he reaction , and exit the room . chotiner ( cont 'd ) we will get them next time , Dick . klein what make you think there 's gonna be a next time , Murray ? chotiner pick up the corner of a campaign poster with Nixon 's face on it , the name in bold below . chotiner because if he 's not President Nixon , he 's nobody . int . ambassador HOTEL - corridor & suite - dawn nixon cross the corridor which be subdued in the morning light . he hesitates at the door , knock softly . PAT nixon stir quietly as she husband walk to she bed . they occupy separate bed . nixon we lose ... PAT ( bitterly ) I know ... nixon it 's hard to lose ... she reach out to touch he . he allow himself to be touch . it seem that , between they , intimacy be difficult . PAT it make we human ... nixon it 's not fair , buddy . I can take the insult ; I can take the name - call . but I can not take the lose . I hate it . PAT we do not have to put ourselves through this again , Dick . nixon what do you mean ? we work for it . we earn it . it 's ours . PAT it be . we know that . ( then ) and it 's enough that we know . just think of the girl . they be still young . we never see they . I lose my parent . I do not want they to lose theirs ; I do not want they to grow up without a mother and father ... nixon maybe I should get out of the game . what do you think , buddy ? go back to be a lawyer and end up with something solid , some money at the end of the line ... you know , I keep think of my old man tonight . he be a failure , too . PAT you be not a failure , Dick . nixon you know how much money he have in the bank when he die ? ( beat ) nothing . he be so damned honest ... ( then ) but I miss he . I miss he a hell of a lot . he seem about to cry . Pat reach out and cradle he head on she shoulder . on he eye we : CUT to : ext . nixon grocery store - dusk ( 1925 ) a few gas pump in front , overlook a dry , western , Edward Hopper landscape . a run -down residence at the back . a large man in bloody butcher 's apron , frank nixon ( 46 ) , cross . int . nixon grocery store - dusk harold ( 16 ) , tall , handsome , walk in whistling . he wink at richard ( 12 ) , who be sorting fruit in the bin . hannah ( 39 ) , a dour but gracious quaker woman , be behind the counter with a customer . richard ( whisper ) what would he say ? harold what do you think ? he say in life there 's no free ride . richard what would you say ? harold I say I do not need a free ride . ( flash a smile ) I need a suit . Richard bury he face in he hand . richard oh , no , harold . he do not respond well to humor . ( look at he mother , worried ) maybe if you talk to mother she can ... harold I would rather get a whipping than have another talk with she . anything but a talk with she . Richard be terrify Mom might overhear . richard shhhh ! but it 's too late . Hannah look over , very sharp , as she customer depart . hannah Richard ... come with I , would you ... richard ( surprised , aloud ) why I ? int . nixon house - kitchen - dusk richard , obediently seat , pay he mother heed . he seem a gloomy , unsmile child in she presence . we sense that this be familiar territory for both . hannah , very quiet , penetrate with she gaze . hannah because harold test thy father 's will be no reason to admire he . let harold 's worldliness be a warning to thee , not a example . richard yes , mother ... hannah harold may have lose touch with he Bible , but thou must never lapse . then , she extend she hand . hannah ( cont 'd ) now , give it to I ... Richard be about to plead ignorance . hannah ( cont 'd ) do not tell a lie , Richard ... the cornsilk cigarette harold give thee behind the store this morning . richard ( lie ) I do not ... have they . mother ... I swear , I ... do not smoke . hannah ( withdraw ) I see ... well then , Richard , we have nothing more to talk about , do we ? richard ( fearful , blurt out ) please , mother , it ... it be just one time , mother , I be ... I be sorry . hannah so be I . thy father will have to know of thy lie . richard ( terrify ) no , no ! please , do not . do not tell he . I will never do it again . I promise . I promise ... ( on the edge of tear ) please , mama ... hannah ( pause ) I expect more from thee , Richard . he bury he head in she skirt . the faintest smile on Hannah 's face as she pocket the cigarette . richard please ! I will never let you down again , mother . never . I promise . hannah then this shall be we little secret . ( she lift he face to hers ) remember that I see into thy soul as God see . thou may fool the world . even thy father . but not I , Richard . never I . richard mother , think of I always as you faithful dog ... int . nixon house - kitchen - night hannah put the food on the table as frank nixon , sleeve roll up , wait at the head of the table , fume . arthur ( 6 ) and donald ( 9 ) join richard and harold . ( the fifth brother , Edward , have not yet be bear . ) harold reach for a dish . frank do not you dare , harold ! harold ( a little laugh ) I just think , since the food be here ... hannah we have not say grace yet . Richard . richard ( nervously ) be it my turn ? Hannah nod . Richard put he hand together , try to please . richard ( cont 'd ) heavenly Father , we humbly thank -- frank ( interrupt ) I will do it . there 's a coupla thing I wanna say . hannah could thou at least remove thy apron , Frank ? frank this blood pay the bill , Hannah . I be not ashamed of how I earn my money . ( clear he throat ) heavenly Father , you tell Adam in the Garden , after that business with the snake , that man would have to earn he way by the sweat of he face . well , as far as I can tell , Father , what be true in eden be true in whittier , California . so we ask you now to remind certain of we young people ... ( glare at harold ) ... that the only way to get a new suit to go to the promenade with Margaret o'herlihy , who happen to be a Catholic by the way , be to work for it . ( then ) amen . arthur I like Margaret o'herlihy , too . she 's very pretty . can we pray now ? the boy start giggle . hannah Arthur ! frank you think this be funny ? ( then ) pretty soon you boy be gonna have to get out there and scratch , ' cause you be not gonna get anywhere on you good look . just ask that fella ... Frank wave to the hobo , now squatting and wolfing down the food . they look up , embarrassed . frank ( cont 'd ) Charity be only gonna get you so far -- even with saint like you mother around . struggle 's what give life meaning , not victory . struggle . when you quit struggle , they have beat you , and then you end up in the street with you hand out . Frank begin eat ; the rest follow . nixon ( v.o. ) my mother be a saint , but my old man struggle he whole life . you could call he a little man , a poor man , but they never beat he . I always try to remember that when thing do not go my way ... ext . whittier football field - day ( 1932 ) football montage : richard ( 19 ) , 150 pound , be on the defensive line as the ball be hike . ( " let 's get fire up ! " ) he get cream by a 200 - pound offensive tackle . he jump up , no face guard , hurt , and reset . ad lib football chatter . we can tell from Richard 's cheap uniform that he be a substitute . but : we go again . and again . Building a special rhythm of jump cut show Nixon get maul each time . he do not have a chance , this kid , but he have pluck . and he come back for more . and more . this image of pain and humiliation should weave itself in and out of the film in repetitive current . as we CUT to : omit scene # 19 int . hilton HOTEL - ballroom - night ( 1962 ) we move down past a blizzard of balloon and confetti blow by a hotel air-conditioner to a huge " nixon for governor " banner . nixon thrust he arm in the air -- the twin- V salute . the crowd cheer wildly . subtitle read : " california governorship , 1962 . " int . hilton HOTEL - suite - night nixon be slump in a armchair , foot on a coffee table , hold a drink , go through defeat once again . haldeman stare glumly at the tv . PAT sit across the room in grim silence . on tv - a newscaster stand in front of a tally board with the network logo : " decision ' 62 . " newscaster President Kennedy have call Governor Pat Brown to congratulate he ... haldeman be we make a statement ? newscaster ABC be now project that Brown will defeat Richard Nixon by more than a quarter of a million vote . Nixon hold up he drink to the screen . move to a piano . nixon thank you , fidel castro . PAT you be not go to blame this on castro , be you ? nixon I sure be . the goddamn missile crisis united the whole country behind Kennedy . and he be support Brown . people be scared , that 's why . PAT I suppose castro stage the whole thing just to beat you . nixon buddy , before you join the jubilation at my be beat again , you should remember : people vote not out of love , but fear . they do not teach that at Sunday School or at the whittier Community playhouse ! haldeman ( interject ) I should go down and check in with we people . haldeman leave quickly . on tv - governor brown step to the podium . a band play " happy day be here again . " PAT ( back at Dick ) I be glad they do not . you forget I have a life before California , a rough , rough life . life be not always fair , Dick ... Nixon drown she out , play the piano ( well ) and sing along bitterly . nixon " -- the sky above be clear again . let 's sing a song of cheer again - - " ... cocksucker ! Pat turn off the tv . nixon ( cont 'd ) ( continue to play ) do not you want to listen to Brown 's victory speech ? PAT no. I be not go to listen to any more speech ever again . nixon amen to that . PAT it 's over , Dick . nixon I will concede in the morning . PAT not that . ( then ) us. Nixon stop play , look at she . PAT ( cont 'd ) ( coldly ) I have always stand by you . I campaign for you when I be pregnant . during checker , when ike want you out , I tell you to fight . this be different , Dick . you have change . you have grow more ... bitter , like you be at war with the world . you be not that way before . you scare I sometimes ... I be fifty year old now , Dick . how many people 's hand have I shake -- people I do not like , people I do not even know . it 's as if , I do not know , I go to sleep along time ago and miss the year between ... I have have enough . he move toward she awkwardly . Pat struggle . she go to a window , she back to he . she be not one to enjoy " scene . " she tend to accommodate to other to preserve a aura of happiness . nixon ( confuse ) what be you say ? what be you talk about ? PAT I want a divorce . nixon my God -- divorce ? ( beat ) what about the girl ? PAT the girl will grow up . they only know you from television anyway . nixon it would ruin we , buddy , we family . PAT you be ruin we . if we stay with you , you will take we down with you . ( beat ) this be not political , Dick . this be we life . nixon everything 's political , for Christ 's sake ! I be political . and you be political , too ! PAT no , I be not ! I be finish . she be very serious . he see it . it terrify he . the same withdrawal he experience from he mother . nixon this be just what they want , buddy . do not you see it ? they want to drive we apart . to beat we . we can not let they do it . we have be through too much together , buddy ... we belong together . PAT ( ironic ) that 's what you say the first time we meet . you do not even know I . MARRIAGE montage : during this scene we have a series of shot of they courtship -- the whittier College campus , 1930s Los Angeles ; drive in a car together ; the wedding ; the first child ; the Pacific naval captain underneath a palm tree ; run as a first - time congressman with Pat ; the eisenhower year ... nixon ( very tender ) oh , yes , I do . I tell you I be gonna marry you , do not I ? on the first date ... I say it because I know ... I know you be the one ... so solid and so strong ... and so beautiful . you be the most beautiful thing I would ever see ... I do not want to lose you , buddy , ever ... intercut with : Nixon seek tenderness . he put a hand on she arm . he try gently to pull she towards he , to kiss she . PAT Dick , do not ... nixon buddy , look at I ... just look at I . do you really want I to quit ? she stare out the window . a long moment . PAT we can be happy . we really can . we love you , Dick . the girl and I ... nixon if I stop ... there will be no more talk of divorce ? a long moment . she finally turn she eye to he , assent . nixon ( cont 'd ) I will do it . ( wave he hand ) no more . PAT be you serious ? nixon yeah ... I be out . PAT be that the truth ? nixon I will never run again . I promise . sharp CUT to : int . hilton HOTEL - hallway - night nixon stalk down the hallway , fume . haldeman walk alongside . nixon where be they ? haldeman ( worried , point to a door ) Dick , you do not have to make a statement . herb cover it for you . nixon no ! he burst through the door into : int . hilton HOTEL - PRESS conference - ballroom - night a noisy crowd of reporter react , excitedly , to nixon be fast entry . the smell of blood be in the air . time CUT to : nixon at the podium nixon ... I believe Governor Brown have a heart , even though he believe I do not . I believe he be a good american , even though he feel I be not . I be proud of the fact that I defend my opponent 's patriotism ; you gentleman do not report it but I be proud I do that . and I would appreciate it , for once , gentleman , if you would write what I say . ( time dissolve ) ... for sixteen year , ever since the hiss case , you have have a lot of fun -- a lot of fun . but recognize you have a responsibility , if you be against a candidate , to give he the shaft , but if you do that , at least put one lonely reporter on the campaign who will report what the candidate say now and then ... haldeman glance at klein . nixon ( cont 'd ) ... I think all - in - all I have give as good as I have take . but as I leave you I want you to know -- just think how much you be go to be miss : you will not have Nixon to kick around anymore . because , gentleman , this be my last press conference ... a few reporter shout question . there be a loud confusion , but Nixon have vanish . klein what the hell be that ? haldeman ( beat ) suicide . CUT to : nixon historical montage : a grainy " newsreel " treat nixon as political history , now over . the anonymous reporter return -- young nixon , in he navy uniform , be campaigning in California in the 1940s against voorhis and Douglas . reporter 1 ( v.o. ) we can now officially write the political obituary of Richard milhouse Nixon ... he come into be as part of the big post - war 1946 Republican sweep of the election . people be weary of the New deal and FDR 's big government ... image of FDR , truman , and acheson , early cold War imagery - the Soviets , Berlin . reporter 1 ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... the United States have be a strong ally of the Soviet Union , which have lose more than twenty million people in its fight against nazism . but Nixon , come from the South Pacific war , win he first term in the House by freely associate he liberal opponent , Jerry voorhis , with communism . image of voorhis , Hoover ... nixon work a crowd , stand on the tailgate of he station - wagon , debate voorhis . reporter 2 ( v.o. ) for Nixon , politics be war . he do not have opponent , he have enemy . he do not run against people , he ruin they ... he win he California seat in the U.S. Senate in 1950 in a vicious campaign against liberal congresswoman and movie actress , helen gahagan Douglas ... newsfilm of nixon and chotiner at a rally with PAT . image of douglas follow . campaign worker hand out smear literature . nixon ( " newsfilm look " ) how can helen Douglas , capable actress that she be , take up so strange a role as a foe of communism ? why , she 's pink right down to she underwear ... reporter 3 ( v.o. ) ... Nixon quickly become the Republican 's attack dog . he tore into Truman for lose mainland China in 1949 , and blame the war in Korea on a weak foreign policy ... his speech , if more subtle than that of he Republican ally , Joe mccarthy , be just as aggressive ... Nixon at another rally with Pat . nixon ( " newsfilm look " ) ... I promise to continue to expose the people that have sell this country down the river ! until we have drive all the crook and Communists and that that have help they out of office !! image of Truman , the hydrogen bomb , the rosenbergs , klaus fuch , oppenheimer , the chinese take over in 1949 ... mao . nixon ( " newsfilm look " ) ( cont 'd ) the direct result of Truman 's decision be that China have go Communist . mao be a monster . why ?! why , Mr. acheson ?! who in the State Department be watch over american interest ?! who have give the Russians the atomic bomb ?! ... today the issue be slavery ! the Soviet Union be a example of the slave state in its ultimate development . great Britain be halfway down the same road ; powerful interest be strive to impose the british socialist system upon the people of the United States ! reporter 2 ( v.o. ) ... Nixon become one of the lead light of the notorious House un american activity Committee , question labor leader , Spanish Civil War veteran , Hollywood celebrity ... nixon ( " newsfilm look " ) ( question witness ) can you tell I today the name of any picture which Hollywood have make in the last five year show the evil of totaliarian communism ? nixon surround by reporter outside the huac hearing room . reporter 4 ( v.o. ) ... but it be the alger hiss case that make Nixon a household name ... image of alger hiss 's career : clerk for Oliver wendell holme ; with FDR at yalta , with churchill , with stalin . reporter 4 ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... one of the architect of the United Nations , intimate with FDR and Oliver wendell holme , alger hiss be a darling of the liberal . ( then ) but whittaker Chambers , a former freelance journalist , say he be a Communist . whittaker chamber testify before the huac . chamber ( tv interview ) ... if the american people understand the real character of alger hiss , they would boil he in oil ... reporter 4 ( v.o. ) ... hiss claim he be be set up by Nixon and J. Edgar Hoover to discredit the New deal 's policy . the case come down to a underwood typewriter , and a roll of film hide in a pumpkin patch . documentary image - a detective -type reach into a hollow - out pumpkin and pull out microfilm . in he congressional office , nixon examine the film with a magnify glass , play to the camera with a deadly serious mien ... Shots of mrs . hiss , the underwood typewriter . reporter 4 ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... year later the freedom of information Act reveal that the film show a report on business condition in manchuria , and fire extinguishers on a U.S. destroyer . none of this document be classified . be they plant by Chambers , who seem to have a strange , almost psychotic fixation with alger hiss ? nixon point to a headline -- " hiss convicted . " reporter 1 ( v.o. ) after two confusing trial , hiss go to jail for perjury . to the right wing , Nixon be a hero and a patriot . to the liberal , he be a shameless self - promoter who have vengefully destroy a fine man . Eleanor Roosevelt angrily condemn he . it be to become a pattern : you either love Richard Nixon or hate he . a brief image here that will recur through - out the film . a image of evil -- call it " the Beast . " reporter 2 ( v.o. ) drive by demon that seem more personal than political , he rise be meteoric . Congressman at 33 , senator at 35 , eisenhower 's vice- presidential candidate at 39 . then come the checker crisis ... Nixon be accuse of hide a secret slush fund . about to be kick off the ticket by ike , he go on national television with a unprecedented appearance ... intercut checker speech - nixon , look and sounding like uriah heep , plead with the american people on tv , as PAT sit uncomfortably in a armchair nearby . nixon ( on tv ) ... so now what I be go to do be give this audience a complete financial history . everything I have earn , everything I have spend , everything I owe ... Nixon force a smile . Pat be clearly in pain , mortify . reporter 2 ( v.o. ) the list include they house , they oldsmobile , Pat 's Republican cloth coat , and lastly , in what be to become history -- a sentimental gift from a Texas businessman ... nixon ( on tv ) you know what it be ? it be a little cocker spaniel dog . Black and white spot . and ... we little girl , tricia , the six - year -old , name it " checker . " and you know , the kid love that dog and we be go to keep it ... reporter 4 ( v.o. ) fifty -eight million people see it . it be shameless . it be manipulative . ( then ) it be a huge success ! documentary replacement - Nixon with ike in triumph . a clip of eisenhower praise Nixon . Nixon and Pat stand up to rock - throw student in Venezuela . point he finger at khrushchev in the Kitchen debate . reporter 3 ( v.o. ) eisenhower put Nixon back on the ticket ... responding to attack on Truman , acheson and the entire Democratic Party for betray the american principle in China , Korea and elsewhere -- it be two - time Democratic presidential candidate , adlai stevenson , who perhaps best sum up the national unease with Richard Nixon ... documentary - shot of adlai stevenson campaigning in ' 52 and ' 56 against ike . image of joe mccarthy precede . the herblock cartoon of Nixon crawl out of the sewer system . other of he cartoon follow . stevenson ( radio v.o. ) ... this be a man of many mask . who can say they have see he real face ? he be on a ill- will tour , represent mccarthyism in a white collar . nixonland have no standard of truth but convenience , and no standard of morality except sly innuendo , the poison pen , the anonymous phone call ; the land of smash and grab and anything to win ... " what , ultimately , shall it profit a man if he shall gain the whole world and lose he own soul ? " ending with more recent shot of Nixon campaigning in ' 60 and ' 62 . as the image spot out in newsreel style : reporter 4 it be a great story of its time and , in California where it start , it have come crash to a end . it be too bad in a way , because the truth be , we never know who Richard Nixon really be . and now that he be go , we never will ... " March of time " - type music as we slowly fade into : nixon ( v.o. ) " you father stink " ... they actually say this to tricia . two girl wear Kennedy pin . at chapin ! int . fifth ave apartment - new york CITY - night ( 1963 ) a New York cocktail party . Society dame . Rich , conservative businessmen , platter of martinis and hor d'oeuvre carry by white - glove black butler . the fashion be balenciaga and courrege , tipping to the short hemline ; the mood be smoky and upbeat , the folk press into airtight pack of loud conversation . nixon be talk to JOHN mitchell ( 54 ) , he wife martha ( 40' ) , and two other associate of the law firm he have join . nixon ( anguish ) she be cry when she come home . ( shake he head ) she be devastate . martha poor little tricia . well , that 's New York -- make for a tougher animal later in life . nixon ( to the other lawyer ) I tell she , she daddy could not even get a goddamn job in this city when I get out of Duke . every white - shoe lawyer firm turn I down . do not have the right " look . " Hell , I could not even get into the FBI . mitchell ( indicate ) Dick , we should catch Rocky ' fore he leave . nelson rockefeller , Governor of New York , dominate the room . Big smile , horn -rimm glass . next to he be happy , he new wife , much young . nixon ( glance ) well , he can walk in this direction , too . martha do you catch that picture of you in Newsweek last week , Dick ? you be stand in a crowd on fifth Avenue , and you be look straight ahead , and everyone else be look the other way like you would just farted or something . ( laugh ) it say : " who remember Dick Nixon ? " I be scream . it be so funny ! nixon yeah , that be hilarious , martha . ( for the other ) they be all look the other way ' cause they be wait for the light to change . I call ap on that -- typical of the press in this country , they would not correct it . that or they print the retraction right next to the girdle ad . lawyer oh , I have read some very nice thing about you . martha ( put she hand on Nixon 's arm ) maybe where you come from . but where I come from , Dick Nixon be as misunderstand as a fox in a henhouse . and you know why ? ( they all wait ) because , honey , they all think you smile and you face be never in the same place at the same time . nervous laughter . martha ( cont 'd ) you and I -- we gotta work on that , sweetie ... mitchell ( guide Dick away ) someone freshen martha 's drink . I think she 's down a quart . martha well , zippety - fuck - doo-dah ! Mitchell move Nixon away towards the rockefeller group . mitchell sorry , Dick . she 's a little tipsy . nixon you mean smashed ! she call up at midnight last week . talk a bunch of crap . Pat can not stand she . mitchell it 's a thing she do . she talk at night . nixon talk all day , too ! how the hell can you put up with she , John ? mitchell ( sheepishly ) what the hell -- I love she . and she 's great in bed . rockefeller hold court , not immediately notice Nixon . rockefeller ... there be no guarantee in politics . I be go to roll the dice with everyone else . henry kissinger ( 40' ) , intense , hold a martini . kissinger well , if a rockefeller can not become President of the United States , what 's the point of democracy ? laughter . nixon the point of democracy be that even the son of a grocer can become president . laugh . rockefeller and you come damn close , too , Dick . as Rocky clutches Dick , who do not like to be touch : rockefeller ( cont 'd ) howya doin ' ! New York treat you okay ? I be sorry I have not be able to see you at all -- nixon ( cut off the apology ) well enough . you be look " happy , " Nelson . with a look to happy . rockefeller oh , happy ! ( introduce he new wife ) Dick Nixon ... you remember he . nixon hi , happy . well , you be obviously make he happy . rockefeller repartee , Dick -- very good . hey , I feel ten year young ! it make a helluva difference , let I tell ya ! how 's the lawyer life ? nixon never make so much money in my life . but my upbringing do not allow I to enjoy it . I do get to argue a case before the Supreme Court . rockefeller won or lose ? nixon lose . rockefeller someday , Dick . other be press in on rockefeller , who be obviously the " star " of the party , so there be pressure to talk fast . nixon but be out of the game give I time to write . rockefeller to what ? nixon write . you know , a book . I be call it " six crise . " it 's a good thing , Rocky -- take some time off to write . rockefeller ( shaking another hand ) hiya , fellow ... what be they ? nixon what ? rockefeller the " crise " ? nixon " checker " of course , hiss , ike 's heart attack , Venezuela , the Kitchen debate , and Kennedy . rockefeller sound like you get a crisis syndrome . be not you exaggerate a bit , Dick ? call it three - and -a-half , maybe four ... nixon ( laugh awkwardly ) let 's wait and see how you survive you first crisis , Rocky ... rockefeller whatcha mean by that ? nixon you know : how the voter be gonna play you divorce . rockefeller , who still clutches the visibly uncomfortable Nixon , give he a squeeze before finally release he . rockefeller do not you worry about it , fella , and I will not . about to rejoin he wife . nixon well , in any case , Rocky , I will send you my book . " six crise . " rockefeller whatcha predict -- you boy goldwater go to split the party ? nixon some say you be , Rocky . rockefeller the Republican Party be never home to extremist . you should know better . this guy 's as stupid as mccarthy , and mccarthy never do you any good in the long run , now do he ? a pause . it land home on Dick . rockefeller turn to kissinger , who 's be listen . rockefeller ( cont 'd ) hey , you know Henry kissinger -- he 's down from Harvard . on my staff , foreign policy whiz ... nixon ( shake hand ) no , but I like you book on nuclear weapon . we have similar view on the balance of power ... rockefeller well , that 's wonderful . so get I this " crisis " thing , Dick ; I will be glad to take a look at it . he rap Nixon one more time on the shoulder and move of into a wait group . nixon ... as the old alliance crumble . kissinger finally someone who 's notice ! I be a great admirer of yours , too , Mr. Nixon . you be a unusual politician . we share a mutual idol -- " six crise " sound like a page from churchill . nixon churchill , degaulle , disraeli . they all go through the pain of lose power . kissinger ( smile ) but they all get it back again , do not they ? ( proffering a card ) we should have lunch sometime . time CUT : nixon and mitchell move to the edge of the party , which be now diminish . they bypass PAT , who be absently stare off in conversation with martha and several other lady who lunch ... Nixon look back at rockefeller leave -- kissinger hover near he . nixon ( seethe ) Rocky 's full of shit ! no way he 's go to get nominate west of the Hudson with a new wife . he 's gonna be drink scotch in retirement at some goddamn country club with the rest of the Republicans . mitchell go to show you all the moolah in the world can not buy you a brain . nixon ( snag a drink from a pass tray ) well , he seem to have buy kissinger . mitchell the jewboy 's a Harvard whore with the moral of a eel -- sell himself to the high bidder . nixon ( bray loudly ) you be the one who should be in politics , John . you be tougher than I be . you never crack . mitchell that will be the day . nixon let 's get out of here ; it 's too painful . I hate it . ( then ) we go bowl last weekend . next weekend we be go to the zoo . whoever say there be life after politics be full of shit . mitchell make some money , Dick , prove yourself to the Wall Street crowd and let goldwater and rockefeller take the fall against Kennedy . Nixon look at he . nixon yeah . John , I be in hell . ( then ) I will be mentally dead in two year and physically dead in four . I miss -- I do not know -- make love to the people . I miss -- enter a room . I miss -- the pure " act " of it . John , I have get to get back in the arena . on Pat glance over : CUT to : int . dallas convention site - day ( 1963 ) spotlight on a sexy studebaker car of the era . a drum roll , and suddenly out of the various aperture of the car pop six half - naked hostess do the twist . Wild cheer . the announcer describe the new gimmick on the car ( ad lib ) as we swing to reveal nixon , look uncomfortable in a stetson cowboy hat shaking hand with autograph seeker and car buff , pose for cheese - cake photograph . a banner behind he reveal : " Dallas welcome studebaker dealer . " the studebaker girl be fan out through the sale booth , whistling , swinging whip , as a large man in a stetson , jack jone , accompany by a suave- look Cuban bear businessman , trini cardoza , break through the autograph hound to rescue Nixon . jone that 's enough now , let he be . he 's just like you and I , folk , just another lawyer ... let 's go , let 's go , break it up ... move Nixon out of there . nixon thanks , Jack . you sure throw a helluva party . jone Party be not start yet , Dick . get this gal come over to the ranch later for a little private " thing , " y'know ... there 's some fellow I want you to meet . nixon well , uh , trini and I have a early plane . we be hope to get back to New York in time for ... trini it will be okay , Dick ; this guy be interesting ... real quiet . and the girl be , too . jone y'know , it 's not every day we texans get to entertain the future President of the United States . nixon like you say Jack , I be just a New York lawyer now . jone ( chuckle , with a look to trini ) we will see about that . New fan circle up , they wive giggle . fan oh , Mr. Nixon could you sign ...? my wife and I think you be just the great . please run again ... more fan flood in , circle he . on trini and Jack watch this . ext . jone ranch - day a entire longhorn steer turn on a spit in a large barbecue pit , basted by black servant . we see a sprawling Spanish - style ranch house in the countryside . the parking area look like a cadillac dealership . the crowd be a mixture of corporate executive , cuban , and cowboy - type , some wive . trini be talk to two of the dancers , nodd he head in nixon be direction . they look , and smile at he . across the lawn , Nixon smile back awkwardly as jack jone nudge he . they both eat steak and corncob . jone I know for a fact that the one with the big tit be a Republican , and she would do anything for the Party . nixon she 's quite pretty . jone her name 's Sandy ... trini join they , bring the girl . nixon by the way , Jack , this look like a pretty straight - forward transaction to I , but we should get into it soon -- just take a few minute , maybe up at the house ... jone ( to trini , come up ) he 's all business , be not he , trini ? ( to Dick ) Dick , we could have have we own goddamn lawyer handle this deal . we bring you down here ' cause we want to talk to you ... trini Dick , this be Teresa , and this be Sandy . teresa hi ... Dick . sandy hi. nixon hello ... pause . int . jone ranch - day a walk - in stone fireplace dominate the room ; the heavy beam hang with black wrought- iron candelabra . thick cigar smoke impregnate the air ; the crowd have substantially thin to the heaviest hitter . the men , now in shirt - sleeve , drink from bottle of bourbon . a man -- mitch -- emerge from one of the side room with a dancer . off to the side in a semi-private alcove , sandy , the dancer , try to make conversation , but nixon be show she picture of he kid . nixon that 's Julie ... and that 's tricia . she , uh , remind I a little bit of you ... sandy ( " interested " ) oh yeah ... she really be ... wholesome . trini interject , try to help out . trini so what 's up ? ... uh , I get the feel Sandy really like you , Dick . sandy I like that name , Dick . trini why do not you two disappear in the bedroom in there . come back in half a hour ... nixon uh ... trini . trini smile and , leave Dick the play field , vanish . Sandy , feel the vacuum , hold Nixon 's hand . sandy what do you say ? do you like I , mister vice President ? Nixon swallow hard , blush now . he sweat , very uncomfortable with this intimacy . nixon ( croak ) yes , of course . but ... uh ... a brief image flash by -- beastlike , offensive , unworthy . nixon ( cont 'd ) ... I do not really know you yet , Sandy ... what do you like ? I mean , what kind of clothes do you like ? do you like blue ... red ? sandy oh , I like satin , I like pink ... nixon what kind of , uh ... music do you like ? sandy I like jazz ... nixon yeah ... guy lombardo ... sandy elvis I like , too . nixon oh yeah , he 's good . Sandy put she hand on he face and head . sandy ... but it depend on what I be do to the music , Dick ... nixon uh , be you mother ... still alive ? sandy yeah , she life in Dallas ... nixon she must be very attractive . would she like a autograph ? she might remember I ... where 's trini ? look around desperately . time CUT to : int . jone ranch - day later . the crowd have thin further to a hard - core dozen . the last man -- Mitch -- come from the inner bedroom , zipping up , the servant chase out the straggling girl . another round of drink be serve . the cigar be out . jone Hell , Kennedy 's piss Cuba away to the Russians . and he do not know what the hell he 's do in Vietnam . this be dangerous time , Dick , especially for business ... nixon agreed . a cuban in a italian suit , one part sleazy , another part dangerous , step from the shadow . cuban we know what you try to do for Cuba , Mr. Nixon . if you would be elect president in ' 60 , we know castro would be dead by now . nixon share a look with trini . nixon gentlemen , I try . I tell Kennedy to go into Cuba . he hear I and he make he decision . I appreciate you sentiment . I have hear they from many fine Cuban patriot , but it 's nothing I can do anything about . now , it 's a long drive back to Dallas tonight , and trini and I have get a early flight tomorrow to New York ... jone ( interrupt ) Dick , this boy want you to run . ( the " boy " mutter in unison ) they be serious . they can deliver the South and they can put Texas in you column . that would have do it in ' 60 . nixon only if Kennedy dump Johnson . jone that sonofabitch Kennedy be come back down here tomorrow . Dick , we be willing to put up a shitpot fulla money to get rid of he -- more money and you ever dream of . nixon nobody 's gonna beat Kennedy in ' 64 with all the money in the world . a beat . cuban suppose Kennedy do not run in ' 64 ? Nixon look at he . a subconscious image again -- something slimy , reptilian . nixon not a chance . cuban this be dangerous time , Mr. Nixon . anything can happen . another pause . Nixon gather together he papers and briefcase . nixon yes , well ... gentlemen , I promise my wife . I be out of politics . mitch ( insolent smile ) you just come down here for the weather , right , Mr. Nixon ? nixon I come down here to close a deal for studebaker . trini what about ' 68 , Dick ? nixon five year , trini ? in politics , that 's a eternity . jone you country need you , Dick . Nixon shake he hand , depart . nixon unfortunately , my country be not available right now . ext . love field - day ( 1963 ) a crowd be wait for Air Force one . people hold banner , sign : " Dallas love JFK , " " we Love you Jackie . " a cadillac pull up at the far corner of the tarmac . nixon get out with cardoza . they walk toward a small executive plane . Nixon pause , look up . he feel something ominous in the air . nixon trini , let 's get out of here fast . go check on the pilot , or they will hold we up till he 's out of the airport . as trini hurry off to the plane , Nixon take one last look up at he fate write in the soft white cloud over Dallas . as we : CUT to : documentary JOHN kennedy come off the plane at Love field with jackie , wave to the crowd . the sound of a rush , monstrous engine . then wind . CUT to : int . nixon's fifth avenue apartment - study - day ( 1963 ) nixon sit , subdued , in a armchair in a small study , catch between the fire in the grate , the television image of the assassination , and the phone call he 's on . nixon ( low - key ) look , Edgar , this guy be really strange , I mean , y'know ... extremist , right - wing stuff , bircher ... yeah ? Nixon listen for several beat . PAT , smoking nervously , watch from another chair . newspaper be strewn all around . documentary image on the tv show a grieve jackie , bobby , teddy and the two child . nixon ( cont 'd ) I see ... oswald 's get a Cuba connection ... to castro ? I see . a real Communist . that make sense . thank you , Edgar . he hang up . it 's evident he 's still puzzle , but want to believe . nixon ( cont 'd ) Hoover say this oswald check out as a beatnik - type , a real bum , pro-castro ... tv image of bobby kennedy . PAT Dick , you should call Bobby . nixon he do not want I at the funeral . PAT you do not have to go . nixon ( glance at tv ) De gaulle 's gonna be there . and macmillan . and adenauer . Nixon can not not be there . PAT then call he . I be sure it be a oversight . nixon no . it 's he way . he hate I . him and teddy . they always hate I . PAT they have lose a brother . you know what that mean , Dick . Nixon sigh , watch the tv -- image of a touch football game in hyannis Port . sharp CUT back to : int . nixon house - arthur' bedroom - day ( 1925 ) arthur nixon ( 7 ) cry in pain . richard ( 12 ) help frank , he father , hold he on the bed as a doctor twist a long needle into the base of Arthur 's spine . arthur daddy ! please ! make it stop !!! Arthur 's eye roll onto Richard for help , Richard can not bear it , pull away . int . nixon house - parlor - day ( 1925 ) frank come down the narrow stair , shocked , fight tear . hannah sit read she Bible . the boy linger nervously around they make - up cot in the parlor . frank ( sob ) the doctor be afraid the little darling be go to die ... int . nixon house - arthur' bedroom - day arthur lap at some tomato gravy on toast , which make he happy . his face be angelic , as if he be get better . hannah feed he , clean he lip with a napkin , as richard sit close by , squeezing Arthur 's hand , puzzle by it all . flash run through he head -- Arthur sit on he lap , learn to read ; Dick swinging Arthur by he arm . don and harold be also there . the Doctor have go . arthur ( low ) thank you , mama , I feel better ... I be sleepy . hannah ( remove the food ) we will let thee rest now , my little angel . she tuck he in . he yawn . the brother be awkward , ready to leave . Arthur turn he loving eye on Richard . arthur Richard , do not you think ... I should say a prayer before I sleep ? Richard be awkward , stutter . hannah ( nearly crack ) yes , Arthur , I do ... he smile at she , then : arthur if I should die before I wake , I pray the Lord my soul to take ... he slip off , into a coma . Richard watch , devastate . int . nixon house - parlor - another day richard run to he mother , hannah , who be come down the stair with frank . she seem very shake , but quiet , off in another world . the moment Richard reach she , throw he arm around she skirt , she snap he back . a harsh , angry voice . hannah no ! ... no. do not ... Richard be shocked as he mother sweep by in she private grief . int . nixon's fifth avenue apartment - study - day resume nixon - he face lose in the silence of the memory . the television sound fade back in alongside PAT be voice . tv image - lyndon johnson be swear in . nixon ... if I would be president , they never would have kill I . Pat be bewilder by the statement . PAT ( o.s. ) Dick ? be you go to call ? he look at she , absent . PAT ( cont 'd ) Bobby ? he look back at the tv screen . nixon ( quietly ) no ... I will go through lyndon . we will be invite . we flash suddenly to Kennedy 's head be blow apart . then back to Johnson as we : CUT forward to : documentary subtitle read : " five year later - 1968 " image - close on lyndon johnson announce : johnson ... accordingly , I shall not seek , and I will not accept , the nomination of my party for another term as you president ... CUT to : int . nursing home - day hannah nixon , in she seventies . reporter 1 ( v.o. ) ... Johnson 's withdrawal resurrect Richard Nixon as a strong Republican candidate against the war . his mother , Hannah Nixon , just before she death last year , comment on she son 's chance . reporter 2 ( o.s. ) Mrs. Nixon , do you think you son will ever return to politics ? hannah I do not think he have a choice . he be always a leader . reporter 2 ( o.s. ) do you think he would make a great president , Mrs. Nixon ? hannah ... if he 's on God 's side , yes ... ext . nixon's fifth avenue apartment - day ( 1968 ) reporter flock outside the building as nixon and he group exit they car , try to ignore the press . int . nixon's fifth avenue apartment - day ( 1968 ) nixon enter , ebullient , with mitchell , haldeman , ziegler , take off they winter coat . mitchell Jesus , Dick , never see anything like it ! even the goddamn Times be say you get it . haldeman Vietnam 's gonna put you in there this time , chief . ziegler we get the press this time ! nixon and we get the " big mo " ! we be back ! PAT ( o.s. ) so ? you have decide ? they turn . PAT be in the corridor . PAT ( cont 'd ) be you plan to tell I ? nixon we ... have not announce anything ... uh ... she 's walk away , cold . Dick follow , with a look to he man . nixon ( cont 'd ) uh , wait ... mitchell you need she , Dick -- in ' 60 she be worth five , six million vote . nixon do not worry -- I will use the old Nixon charm on she . as he go : haldeman ( to the other ) the old Nixon charm ? who could resist that . int . nixon's fifth avenue apartment - bedroom - day nixon enter . PAT be mechanically take he identical gray suit from the closet and lay they on the bed . nixon buddy ? ... PAT you should be go ... the primary be soon , be not they ? New Hampshire ... nixon they love you , buddy . they need you , too . PAT I do not want they to love I . nixon I need you out there . it will not be like last time . the war 's crippled the Democrats . I can win ... we deserve it . yeah , it 's ours , buddy -- at last . nobody know better than you . Frank Nixon 's boy . Pat slow she pack . Nixon take she hand . nixon ( cont 'd ) remember what Mom say ? we be not like other people , we do not choose we way . we can really change thing , buddy . we have get a chance to get it right . we can change America ! she stop , look at he , feel he surge of power . nixon ( cont 'd ) it be we dream , too , buddy , together ... always . PAT do you really want this , Dick ? nixon this . above all . PAT and then you will be happy ? the briefest smile open she face . he take the inch , press in , hug she . nixon yes ... you know it ! yes ... I will . yeah ! PAT ( in he embrace ) then I will be there for you . nixon ( exultant ) you be the strongest woman I ever meet . I love you , buddy . PAT can I just ask for one thing ? nixon anything . PAT will you ... would you kiss I ? he do so with all the earnestness he be capable of . int . television studio - day ( 1968 ) nixon , field question , be on a small stage , surround by a studio audience in a semi-circle . a mike be around he neck , no separation from the people . PAT sit behind he , a campaign smile paint on . Nixon be visible to we on tv monitor inside a engineer 's booth . nixon ( on tv ) I would never question Senator Kennedy 's patriotism . but go around the country promise peace at any price be exactly what the North vietnamese want to hear . cheer . applause . haldeman ( to the tv director ) cue the crowd . go to the woman 's group . get the bald guy , he 's great ... nixon ( on t.v. ) I , unlike Senator Kennedy , have a plan to end the war . but not for peace at any price , but peace with honor ! ext . LA costa country club - establishing - day ext . LA costa country club - private patio - day J. edgar hoover ( 60' ) , short and fat , cover with steam room sweat , look like a Roman emperor , as he watch television intermittently , take picture of clyde tolson ( 50' ) , he long - time friend and associate . tolson have a towel around he waist and one over he head . tolson ( sarcastic ) what do you think this plan be , Edgar ? a nuclear attack ? hoover he 's lie , clyde . always have . that 's why Nixon 's always be useful . hold still . and take you hand off you hip . joaquin , a very young , near - naked Hispanic boy , come in with refreshment : orange slice , fruit , and pastel drink with parasol . intercut to : int . tv studio - day ron ziegler check he script as nixon continue on the other side of the glass . director ( turn ) who 's next ? ziegler the negro . we gotta have a negro . a black man appear on the monitor . black man Mr. Nixon ... nixon yes , sir ! black man you have make a career out of smear people as Communists . and now you be building you campaign on the division in this country . stir up hatred , turn people against each other ... Ziegler and haldeman be apoplectic . haldeman what the fuck 's he do ? he 's make a speech . ziegler cut he off ! director I can not cut he off ! this be not Russia ! the Black man turn to the studio audience . black man you do not want a real dialogue with the american people . this whole thing 's be stage . this be not real people . you be just a mouthpiece for a agenda that be hide from we . haldeman ( scream ) go to commercial ! director there be no commercial . you buy the whole half - hour , baby ... the Black man be walk down the aisle toward Nixon . black man ( impassion ) when be you go to tell we what you really stand for ? when be you go to take the mask off and show we who you really be ? Close on Nixon 's upper lip , sweat . haldeman watch intently . haldeman it 's a high hard one , chief . Park it . Nixon gather himself , look firmly at the Black man . nixon yes , there be division in this country ... black man who make they -- you make they ! nixon ... but I do not create they . the Democrats do ! if it 's a dialogue you want , you be more likely to get it from I than from the people who be burn down the city ! just think about that ... the great Doctor King say the same thing . you know , young man , who a great hero be -- abraham lincoln . because he stand for common ground , he bring this country together ... the audience applaud . haldeman punch Ziegler 's arm . haldeman I love that man ! ( then ) Fire the sonofabitch who let that agitator in ! ziegler ( relieved ) okay , go to the little girl . can he see the little girl ? director she 's right down front . nixon I do not know if you can see she , but there 's a little girl sit down here with a sign . could you hold that up , sweetheart ? ziegler bag the guy . take the sign ! the camera cut to a little girl hold a hand - lettere sign . nixon the sign have on it three simple word : " bring we together ! " that be what I want , and that be what the great silent majority of Americans want ! the audience love it . applause sign light up . nixon ( cont 'd ) ( shout over ) and that 's why I want to be president . I want to bring we together ! ext . LA costa country club - private patio - day like a lizard , hoover eye joaquin , the Hispanic boy . tolson ... give I a break , Mary . nixon ( v.o. ) you all know I . I be one of you , I grow up a stone 's throw from here on a little lemon ranch in yorba Linda ... hoover ( mimic ) it be the poorest lemon ranch in California , I can tell you that . my father sell it before they find oil on it . nixon ( v.o. ) it be the poorest lemon ranch in California , I can assure you . my father sell it before they find oil on it . tolson ( mimic ) but it be all we have . nixon ( v.o. ) ... but it be all we have . hoover you be new . what 's you name ? joaquin joaquin , Mr. Hoover . Hoover select a orange slice , put one end between he tooth . wiggles it . joaquin bend over , bite off the other end . tolson look peeve . nixon ( v.o. ) my father build the house where I be bear with he own hand . oh , it be not a big house ... hoover turn this crap off , clyde . it 's give I a headache ... you may go , joaquin . he take a drink off joaquin 's tray as clyde turn off the tv . joaquin vanish . hoover ( cont 'd ) I want to see he tomorrow , clyde . tolson Edgar , think twice . he work in the kitchen . hoover not joaquin , you idiot . Nixon . do you hear what he say in Oregon ? about I have too much power . tolson it 's between Nixon and a Kennedy again , Edgar ... who do you want ? hoover Kennedy -- never . he will fry in hell for what he do to I . but Nixon do not know that , which be why I be gonna have to remind he he need we a helluva lot more and we need he . ext . del mar racetrack - starting gate - day thoroughbreds explode out of the chute . ext . del mar racetrack - clubhouse - day a private box just above the finish line . hoover raise he binocular , watch the race . he be wear a white tropical suit , Panama hat , white shoe . clyde be dress similarly . johnny roselli , white hair , deep tan , sharp dresser , sit with he in the box , spot someone ... roselli you boy 's on he way up ... I meet he year ago . in Havana . on the track : two horse be in a terrific stretch drive . hoover watch impassively . announcer ( o.s. ) ( frantic ) and down the stretch they come ! it 's Sunday 's chance Son and olly 's Boy duelling for the lead ... close : olly' boy put a nose in front of sunday' chance . hoover he 's fold , johnny . on the track : Sunday 's chance be tiring , fall behind olly 's Boy . roselli you just wait a second . close : on olly 's Boy bandage front leg . then , olly Boy 's right foreleg snap . it sound like a rifle shot . olly 's Boy go down over he shoulder . the jockey be throw across the track . the crowd be stunne . Sunday 's chance win easily . Hoover turn to roselli . tolson a bit extreme , be not it ? roselli it 's the drama . ( gesture to the crowd ) the crowd love that shit . hey ! there 's randolph Scott . you might like that guy , friend of mine . wanna meet he ? Edgar ? shout and cheer behind they . they turn . nixon be make he way down the aisle , wave to the crowd . he be follow by haldeman . Hoover pass roselli a ticket . hoover not now , johnny . Cash this for I , would you ? roselli it 's a two - dollar bet , Edgar . you get thousand come on this ... what the fuck ? hoover I tell you , just cash it , johnny . and do not swear around I ... a beat . roselli cross Nixon , who enter the box . nixon Edgar , wonderful to see you . clyde ... hi. tolson Mr. Nixon . hoover thank you for come , Dick . nixon win ? hoover actually , I have just have a bit of luck . announcer ( o.s. ) the management of Del Mar be sadden to announce that olly 's Boy will have to be destroy ... groan from the crowd . nixon oh , my goodness ... hoover how about you ? be you go to win ? nixon you should ask Bobby . tolson ( sarcastic ) ... little Bobby . hoover would you walk with I down to the paddock ? I would like to look at the horse for the eighth . nixon can not we just talk here ? I have get the police chief in San Diego . hoover I be try to spare you a embarrassment . johnny roselli be on he way back here . Nixon look sick . nixon roselli ? johnny roselli ? hoover yes . you old friend from Cuba . nixon I never meet the man . hoover I know you have be very careful not to . that 's why I be concerned . Nixon glance at Hoover . Hoover smile . ext . del mar racetrack - paddock - day ( 1968 ) move with nixon , hoover and tolson along the rail outside the walk ring . FBI agent have clear a circle around they . the horse for the next race be be saddle . Nixon wave to patron of the track . hoover you will win the nomination . nixon it could be ' 60 all over again , Edgar . Bobby 's get the magic , like a goddamn rock star . they climb all over each other just to touch he clothes ! he will ride he brother 's corpse right into the White House . tolson ummm ... hoover ( nod ) if thing remain as they be ... he 's get the anti-war vote . nixon or he will steal it like he brother . he 's a mean little sonofabitch , Edgar ... he have the IRS audit my mother when she be die in a nursing home . hoover I know ... tolson ( casually ) ... somebody should shoot the little bastard . nixon I wanna fight just as dirty as he do . tolson ... use he woman . nixon ... any information you have , Edgar . the sonofabitch be not gonna steal from I again ! can you back I up on this ? can I count on you support ? hoover ( amused ) I look at it from the point of view that the system can only take so much abuse . it adjust itself eventually , but at time there be ... savage outburst . the late " Doctor " King for example . a moral hypocrite screwing woman like a degenerate tomcat , stir up the black , preaching against we system ... ( shake he head ) sometimes the system come close to crack . Hoover stop in front of a huge gelding , pat he muzzle . hoover ( cont 'd ) we have already have one radical in the White House . I do not think we could survive another . Nixon feel uncomfortable . image , vague , disturbing . even the nostril on the horse seem to be emit a devil 's fire , and the noise of the snort animal magnify ... nixon ( a beat ) yeah , well , as I say , Edgar ... hoover ( precisely ) you ask if you could count on my support ... as long as I can count on yours . nixon ( v.o. , on tape ) the old queen do it on purpose . int . the white house - lincoln sitting room - night ( 1973 ) resume scene - nixon listen as the tape roll . nixon ( on tape ) he be not protect I . he be put I on notice . haldeman ( on tape ) what ? that he know johnny roselli ? Hoover know a lot of gangster . nixon ( on tape ) yeah , but roselli be not just any gangster . he be the gangster who set up track 2 in Cuba . int . exec office bldg - nixon office - night ( 1972 ) nixon and haldeman be alone . the light be on . Nixon 's have a couple of drink . the talk be a little looser . haldeman ( confuse ) I do not understand . track 2 's chile ? nixon chile , congo , Guatemala , Cuba . wherever 's there 's a need for a executive action capability , there 's a track 2 . in Cuba , track 1 be the Bay of Pigs invasion . track 2 ... it be we idea . ( stand ) we feel the invasion would not work unless we get rid of castro . so we ask ourselves -- who else want castro dead ? the mafia , the money people . so we put together track 2 ... cuba montage image begin to project from that long - ago time . a younger nixon . macho Cuban " freedom fighter " in the key and Guatemala . the CIA , the mob -- include johnny roselli . fat cat and casino boss shaking hand with young Nixon on he visit in the 40' . a rum and coca - cola song play . nixon ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) the first assassination attempt be in ' 60 , just before the election . haldeman ( stunne ) before ?! eisenhower approve that ? nixon he do not veto it . ( then ) I run the White House side . the mob contact be johnny roselli . ( then ) one of the CIA guy be that jackass , Howard hunt . haldeman Jesus ! nixon and not just hunt . Frank sturgis , all that cuban . all of they in the watergate . they be involved in track 2 in Cuba . ( then ) hunt report to my military aide . but I meet with he several time as vice President . that 's what worry the shit out of I . I do not know how much hunt know . or the cuban . haldeman so ? you want castro dead . everybody want castro dead . if hunt and the other be CIA , why do not we just throw this back in the CIA 's lap ? let Richard helm take the fall ? nixon ( pause ) because ... because Dick helm know too much ... if anyone in this country know more than I do , it 's Hoover and helm ! you do not fuck with Dick helm ! period . pause . haldeman alright . but why , if Kennedy be so clean in all this , do not he cancel track 2 ? nixon because he do not even know about it . the CIA never tell he , they just keep it go . it be like ... it have a life of its own . like ... a kind of " beast " that do not even know it exist . it just eat people when it do not need them anymore . ( drop back in he chair ) two day after the Bay of Pigs , Kennedy call I in . he ream my ass ... documentary intercut : brief , move , live-action image of JOHN kennedy . nixon ( cont 'd ) ... he would just find out about track 2 . haldeman you never tell he ? nixon ( softly ) I do not want he to get the credit . he say I would stab he in the back . call I a two - bit grocery clerk from whittier . Nixon 's face express the deep hurt of that insult . nixon ( cont 'd ) that be the last time I ever see he . image - the " Beast " - a image of Kennedy pervert , he head blow off ... haldeman if they do not tell Kennedy about track 2 , how do Hoover find out ? nixon they have we bugge . Christ , he have everybody bugge . yeah , he be gonna support I in ' 68 , but he be also threaten I . ( then ) that be Hoover : he would give you the carrot , but he would make damn sure the stick go right up you ass . int . ambassador HOTEL - pantry - 1968 documentary footage of chaos in the pantry . the camera be jostle . woman scream . a man be be wrestle to the floor . ROBERT kennedy lie there , mortally wounded . nixon ( v.o. ) when I see Bobby lie there on the floor , he arm outstretch like that ... int . exec office bldg - nixon office - night ( 1973 ) resume scene - nixon and haldeman nixon ... he eye stare ... ( then ) I know I would be president . ( beat ) death paved the way , do not it ? Vietnam . the kennedy . it clear a path through the wilderness for I . over the body ... four body . haldeman correct he . haldeman you mean two ... two body ? int . the white house - lincoln sitting room - night ( 1973 ) haldeman ( on tape ) you mean two ... two body ? resume scene - nixon take a slug of scotch , then he rub the bridge of he nose , look up at the portrait of lincoln . a pause . nixon ( slur , softly to lincoln ) how many do you have ? hundred of thousand ... where would we be without death , huh , abe ? Nixon stand , steady himself . nixon ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) who 's help we ? be it God ? or be it ... death ? CUT back to : ext . sanitarium cabin - porch - arizona - day ( 1933 ) a lunar landscape -- barren , scorched , silent . suddenly , violent , desperate cough . harold nixon ( 23 ) be double over the railing , a long string of bloody mucus hang from he lip . he be shockingly emaciate -- the last stage of tuberculosis . hannah nixon , in background attend two other patient , look on at harold . richard ( 19 ) hurry out of the cabin with a cotton cloth . he hold harold until he stop heaving . then , he wipe he mouth . harold ( gasp ) ... that be a whopper . Richard carefully fold the cloth , drop it into a metal container that be already full of they . he stand there , helpless , a solemn boy . harold ( cont 'd ) ( panting ) hey ... you will be able to do it now . richard what ... ? harold go to law school . Mom and dad will be able to afford it now ... Richard look at he in horror . harold ( cont 'd ) Mom expect great thing from you ... richard harold ... can I get you anything ? harold throw a loving arm around Richard , who tense . we sense that harold in some way could have help Richard , teach he to laugh a bit . harold ( a gentle smile ) relax , Dick , it 's just I ... the desert 's so beautiful , be not it ? ( then ) I want to go home , Dick . time to go home . richard ( stiffly ) you be not gonna quit on I , be you , harold ? harold look out over the landscape . silence . int . nixon house - parlor - night ( 1933 ) richard sit stare into the fire . he still wear he black suit from harold 's funeral . hannah enter quietly . hannah Richard ? he look up at she . richard I can not ... hannah thou must . she move closer , casting a shadow over he face . hannah ( cont 'd ) it 's a gift , Richard . this law school be a gift from you brother . richard ( bitter ) do he have to die for I to get it ?! hannah it 's mean to make we stronger . ( kneel ) thou art stronger than harold ... stronger than Arthur . God have choose thee to survive ... richard what about happiness , mother ? hannah thou must find thy peace at the center , Richard . strength in this life . happiness in the next . dissolve to : int . republican convention - night ( 1968 ) on richard nixon ( 55 ) in he prime . a profile of he face , as the vast crowd go berserk . Nixon absorb the adoration : at last , he have arrive . he look down at someone in the audience . point , smile , wave . then he step forward , thrust he arm in the air -- the twin - V salute . the cheer rattle the hall as PAT and they daughter join he , follow by vice President spiro agnew and he family . Nixon put he arm around Pat . she wave . the crowd be on its foot . nixon ( privately , to Pat ) now tell I you do not want this , buddy . Pat smile back at he , catch up in it . then she kiss he on the cheek . time CUT to : nixon address the delegete ( a composite of Nixon speech ) . nixon ( cont 'd ) it 's time for some honest talk about the problem of law and order in the United States . I pledge to you that the current wave of violence will not be the wave of the future ! vast applause . intercut with : documentary footage - 1 . Civil war . tank in the street of detroit . 2 . a black panther safe-house in flame surround by FBI agent . nixon ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... the long dark night for America be about to end ... let we begin by commit ourselves to the truth -- to find the truth , to speak the truth . and to live the truth ... a new voice be be hear across America today : it be not the voice of the protestor or the shouter , it be the voice of a majority of Americans who have be quiet Americans over the past few year ... a silent majority . documentary footage - 3 . GEORGE wallace whip a dixie crowd into a frenzy . 4 . the wounded knee siege be underway - FBI agent and local militant pour fire in on the indian militant . 5 . the yippie demonstrator outside the chicago democratic convention . Chicago police wade in with nightstick , tear gas . nixon ( cont 'd ) ( at the podium ) who be they ? let I tell you who they be -- they be in this audience by the thousand , they be the worker of America , they be white Americans and black Americans ... we cut among the delegete , seek to show the face of the populace that be tear by civil war . nixon ( cont 'd ) ... they be the mexican Americans and the italian Americans , they be the great silent majority , and they have become angry , finally ; angry not with hate but angry , my friend , because they love America and they do not like what 's happen to America this last four year ! we will regain respect for America in the world . a burn american library , a desecrate flag ... let we understand : North Vietnam can not defeat or humiliate the United States . only Americans can do that ! this bring the house down ! as we : crosscut to : documentary footage - 6 . chicago be now a full - scale police riot . the cop have lose all control , swinging nightstick wildly , break head , dozen of arrest . close on nixon at the podium . nixon ( cont 'd ) let 's face it . most Americans today , in a crisis of spirit , be simply feed up with government at all level . all the great Society activist be lie out there in wait , poise to get you if you try to come after they : the professional welfareist , the urban planner , the day - carer , the public houser . the costly current welfare system be a mess , and we be on the brink of a revolt of the lower middle class . the bottom line be -- no work , no welfare . we opponent have exaggerated and over - emphasize society as the cause of crime . the war on poverty be not a war on crime , and it be no substitute for a war on crime . ( pause ) I say to you tonight we must have a new feel of responsibility , of self discipline . we must look to renew state and local government ! we must have a complete reform of a big , bloat federal government . the average american be just like the child in the family . you give he some responsibility and he be go to amount to something . if you make he completely dependent and pamper he , you be go to make he soft , and a very weak individual . nixon ( cont 'd ) I begin with the proposition that freedom of choice in housing , education and job be the right of every american . on the other hand , I be convinced that while legal segregation be totally wrong , force integration of housing or education be just as wrong ! we simply have to face the hard fact that the law cannot go beyond what people be willing to support . this be true as far as prohibition be concerned . it be far more true with regard to education and housing ... yet that of we in public service know -- we can have full prosperity in peace time ... yes , we can cut the defense budget . we can reduce conventional force in Europe . we can restore the national environment . we can improve health care and make it available more fairly to all people . and yes , we can have a complete reform of this government . we can have a new american Revolution . crosscut to : documentary footage - 7 . the young chicago demonstrator be chant rebelliously at police . demonstrator the whole world be watch ! the whole world be watch ! documentary footage - 8 . a b-52 unload bomb and napalm over jungle . subtitle read : " lao - secret bombing campaign , 1969 - 70 ; 242,000 mission . " CUT to : omit scene # 58 ext . the white house - night the light be blaze late with war talk . int . the white house - side office - night in a small panele room , the talk be angry : bill rogers , Secretary of State , mel laird , Defense Secretary , to one side ; kissinger with haig , see earlier , but now kissinger 's assistant , to the other side of the desk , as nixon listen ; haldeman take note . ziegler look on . though a stand - up chart display a large map of Cambodia 's border with South Vietnam , we may note there be no military personnel in the room . rogers ... it would be a disaster for we , Mr. President . there 's a lot of sympathy out there for Cambodia , a tiny , neutral Buddhist nation . there would be protest in the street , right out on you front lawn ... laird ... Building this cambodian army up will be harder even than the vietnamese army . they have no tradition of ... the government there would collapse if we ... Nixon 's eye narrow , furious . nixon so you be say , " do nothing " -- that 's what you be say . the same old shit . well , that 's not good enough . I be sick of be push around by the vietnamese like some pitiful giant . they be use we pow to humiliate we . what we need now be a bold move to Cambodia ; go right after the VC base camp , make them scream . that 's what I think . you , Henry ? a pivotal moment for Henry . Nixon be clearly scrutinize kissinger , who glance at he rival . kissinger well , as you know , most of my staff have weigh in against this " incursion . " they believe it will fail to achieve anything fundamental militarily , and will result in crush criticism domestically ... nixon ( interrupt ) I do not ask what you staff think , Henry . what do you think ? kissinger ( pause ) what I think be ... they be coward . they opposition represent the cowardice of the Eastern establishment . they do not realize as you do , Mr. President , that the Communists only respect strength , and they will only negotiate in good faith if they fear the " madman , " Richard Nixon . Nixon let a dark smile curl one side of he mouth . nixon exactly ! we have get to take the war to they . hit them where it hurt -- right in the nut . more assassination , more killing . right , Al ? haig that 's what they be do . nixon this State Department jerk , Bill , do not understand ; you get to electrify people with bold move . bold move make history , like teddy Roosevelt -- " t.r . " -- rush up San Juan Hill . small event but dramatic . people take notice . rogers they will take notice all right . nixon the fact be if we sneak out of this war , there will be another one a mile down the road . ( pause ) we bite the bullet here . in Cambodia . we blow the hell out of this people ! ziegler what should we tell the press ? documentary footage - 9 . bomb drop over Cambodia . documentary footage - 10 . Combined U.S. and south vietnamese troops invade cambodia . subtitle read : " april 1970 " nixon tonight , american and South vietnamese unit will attack the headquarters for the entire Communist military operation in South Vietnam . this be not a invasion of Cambodia . we take this action not for the purpose of expand the war into Cambodia , but for the purpose of end the war in Vietnam ... crosscut to : documentary footage - 11 . the administration Building at berkeley be burn . police in riot gear move in . a battle between student and police be take place . reporter ( v.o. ) across the country , several hundred university be in turmoil as student battle police in protest against the invasion of Cambodia ... CUT to : documentary footage - 11 . kent state university - ( 1970 ) - a phalanx of national guardsmen advance . they look very young and scared . a crowd of student taunt they . nixon ( v.o. ) ( a speech ) when I think of that kid out there , kid who be just do they duty ... crosscut to : in . the white house - east room - day the end of a ceremony for a release vietnam pow . nixon , with julie , stand before emotional wive , defense department employees , and uniformed officer . the pow sit in a wheelchair at nixon be elbow , emaciate , the blue ribbon of the congressional Medal of honor around he neck . PAT be also there . nixon ( continue ) I be sure they be scared . I be when I be there . but when it really come down to it ... ( turn to the pow ) ... you have to look up to this man . they be the great ! applause . the pow manage a smile . documentary footage - a ugly stand -off . the student confront the guardsmen , jeer . the guardsmen lower they bayonet . student ( chant ) one-two -three -four . we do not want you fuck war . someone throw a rock . back to scene : nixon ( continue ) you see this bum , you know , blow up the campuse , burn book and so forth . they call themselves " flower child . " well , I call they spoiled rotten . and I tell you what would cure they -- a good old - fashioned trip to my Ohio father 's woodsh . that 's what this bum need ! documentary footage - more student be throw rock . the guardsmen be momentarily panicked , confuse . then , suddenly : they open fire . a melee . scream . student run . then : half a dozen body lie on the ground . a young woman crouch over a body , cry . reporter 1 ( v.o. ) today , less than twenty - four hour after President Nixon call they " bum , " four student be shot dead at Kent State University in Ohio . ext . potomac river - yacht sequoia - night nixon sit at the head of a outdoor dinner table with haldeman , ehrlichman , ziegler , kissinger . they be be serve steak by manolo , Nixon 's Cuban valet . reporter 1 ( v.o. ) enrage student group across the country be call for a general strike tomorrow to shut down the entire university system until the Vietnam War be end . mitchell join they . nixon ( grim ) how many ? mitchell four . two boy . two girl . and eight wounded . nixon Jesus Christ ! mitchell one of the father be on the tv say , " my child be not a bum . " and it 's play like gangbuster . Hell , Hoover tell I one of the girl be a nymph . nixon shit , the press do not care about the fact . cronkite 's stick it to I . it 's they first big hit on Richard Nixon . ziegler the governor say they be rioting . ehrlichman the governor 's full of shit . most of they be change class . nixon oh , I suppose you would have just let they take over . this be not fraternity prank , John . it 's anarchy . a revolution ! ehrlichman I do not know if I would go that far , sir . nixon why not ? ehrlichman be the war worth it ? be it worth a one - term presidency ? because I think right now that 's what we be look at . nixon I will not go down as the first american president to lose a war ! go into Cambodia , bombing hanoi , bombing Laos -- it busy we time so we can get out and give the South vietnamese a fight chance . kissinger exactly , sir . that be you historical contribution : to lead boldly in a era of limit . nixon ( drink ) no one understand ! -- even my own man . what do you think the Communists respond to ? honesty , liberal guilt , soul -wring crap , father on tv cry ? Hell no ! I understand the Communist mind , I have study it for thirty year . they grasp " realpolitik " better than any of we , right , Henry ? Henry nod . nixon ( cont 'd ) we gotta make them think we be just as tough as they be -- that Nixon 's a mad bomber , he might do anything ! I play a lot of poker in World War ii ( haldeman and ehrlichman know the story ) , and I win big , and let I tell you this -- unpredictability be we best asset . that redneck Johnson leave I with a shitty hand and I be bluff . I have get to play the hawk in Vietnam and the dove in China . and if we keep we head , we can win this thing . ziegler what ? win Vietnam , sir ? all no ... nixon no ! but what we can do with Vietnam , ron , be drive a stake through the heart of the Communist alliance ! Henry 's already get strong signal from the chinese . they hate the viet more than the Russians , and they be worried about a unify Vietnam . the Russians hate the chinese and be support the viet , you understand ? if we stick it out in Vietnam ... we will end up negotiate separately with both the chinese and the Soviets . and we will get better deal than we ever dream of from both ... kissinger nod . nixon ( cont 'd ) that 's triangular diplomacy , gentleman . kissinger exactly , yes , Mr. President . that be my contention . nixon that 's what geopolitics be about -- the whole world link by self interest ... you tell I , ron , how the hell I can explain that on television to a bunch of simple - minded reporter and weep fuck mother ! ziegler but what be I tell the press about Kent State ? nixon tell them what you like ; they will never understand it anyway . ehrlichman Excuse I ... be you talk about recognize China , Mr. President ? that would cost we we strongest support . nixon no ... I can do this because I have spend my whole career building anti Communist credential . haldeman if Johnson or Kennedy try it , they would have crucify they , and rightfully so ! mitchell it 's damned risky , Mr. President . why do not we wait till the second term ? nixon ( repeat ) this will get I a second term . damn it , without risk , there 's no heroism . there 's no history . I , Nixon , be bear to do this . kissinger Mr. President , this can not be breathe ! especially to we secretary of state -- that cretin Rogers ... the chinese would never trust we again . the only way , I emphasize only way , to pull this off be in secret . nixon ( cackle ) this be a major coup , gentleman -- we own State Department do not even know . and if it leak out of here tonight ... a pause . he eye they . discomfort . haldeman well , one way or the other , Kent State be not good . we have to get out in front of this thing . the pr be go to murder we . nixon money . follow the money . haldeman Sir ? nixon this kid be be manipulate by the Communists . like Chambers and hiss . mitchell ( smoking he pipe ) this be not ' 48 , Dick . they will never buy it . nixon ( angry ) how do you know that , John ? do we try ? be we just give up like the rest of them ? what 's Hoover find , for God 's sake ? haldeman well , he call the other day , sir . he ask for President harding . laughter around the table . kissinger he 's a idiot ... haldeman seriously , sir , he 's gotta go ... nixon we can not touch Hoover -- ehrlichman I think the glove be off . nixon -- as long as he 's get secret file on everybody . I do not want them use against we . ( frustrated ) what about the CIA ? helm 's do nothing for we . I want to see he . haldeman done . mitchell with hiss , Mr. President , you have the microfilm , you have the lie . with the student , we get no proof . nixon the soldier be provoke . the student start it , for Christ 's sake ! ehrlichman Sir , there 's dead american kid here . let 's say we do not apologize for Kent State , but maybe we could have a national prayer day ... haldeman ... never complain , never explain , John ... nixon ( yell ) I tell you , the soldier be provoke . now stop this pussyfoot around . ( irritate ) Dead kid ! how the hell do we ever give the Democrats a weapon like this ? ( then ) I mean , if Cambodia do not work , we will bomb hanoi if we have to . they all look at he . he be resolute . nixon ( cont 'd ) that 's right ! and if necessary , I will drop the big one . kissinger we have to entertain the possibility ... Nixon look down at he steak . it be ooze blood . too much blood -- something be very wrong . he shoot back , momentarily terrify . nixon goddamn it ! who the hell cook this steak ? ( yell ) manolo , there 's blood all over my plate . nixon throw down he knife and fork and walk off . ext . potomac river - yacht sequoia - night ( later ) nixon be on the bow , alone , watch the city slip by . mitchell slide up beside he , offer he a freshen drink . mitchell you all right ? nixon my brother harold be about the same age as that kid , John . tuberculosis get he . mitchell it be not you fault . the soldier be just kid , too . they panicked . nixon they be throw rock , John , just rock . they do not think I feel ... but I feel too much sometimes . I just can not let a whole policy get dominate by we sentimentality . mitchell you be do the right thing , Dick ... do not let them shake you . nixon it break my heart when harold die . mitchell that be a long time ago . Nixon look out at the water . nixon I think that 's when it start . when you be a kid . the laugh and snub and slight you get because you be poor or irish or jewish or just ugly . but if you be intelligent , and you anger be deep enough and strong enough , you learn you can change this attitude by excellence , gut performance , while that who have everything be sit on they fat butt ... ( then ) but then when you get to the top , you find you can not stop play the game the way you have always play it because it 's a part of you like a arm or a leg . so you be lean and mean and you continue to walk the edge of the precipice , because over the year you have become fascinate by how close you can get without fall ... I wonder , John , I wonder ... Mitchell put he hand on Dick 's shoulder . mitchell get off that . that lead nowhere . you should offer condolence to the family of that kid . nixon sure , I would like to offer condolence . he shrug off Mitchell 's hand and walk down the deck into the shadow . nixon ( cont 'd ) but Nixon can not . int . limousine - the white house - day leave the white house , nixon look out at angry demonstrator give he the finger , shaking placard -- " impeach nixon " ( spell with a swastika ) , " peace now . " with he be haldeman and ehrlichman . haldeman ( with clipboard ) ... and we have get the economic guy at five . the Dow lose another 16 point . they be go to want a decision on the budget . Sir ? ... be we hold the line on a balanced budget ? nixon no ... a little deficit will not hurt . Jesus , they be serious . why be we stop ? haldeman ( to the driver ) run them over . the presidential limousine have a difficult time negotiate its way through the blockading buse . a man with a nixon mask run up to the window and peer in , before be peel off by secret service . it be a ugly , violent scene , but Nixon seem to delight in the threat of action . he 's in a upbeat mood . nixon get that little fucker ! great tackle ! remind I of my day at whittier . most of this kid be useless . haldeman probably flunk , nothing to do except come down here and meet girl . Henry 's out there with they . nixon there 's a poison in the upper class , Bob . they have have it too soft . too many car , too many color tvs ... haldeman do not forget the South , sir , the West . fill with the good football college , straight kid . there 's more of them with you than against you . not like this mudmutt . nixon it 's the parent ' fault really . ehrlichman let 's not forget they be just kid , they do not vote . haldeman it 's the fall of the Roman Empire , be you blind ? and we be put fig leave on the statue ... protestor Ho , Ho , Ho chi Minh be go to win ! haldeman get that fucker ! a glum moment . haldeman stare at he . a protestor wave a vietcong flag in Nixon 's face . he get pull off the limo . nixon ( exhilated ) but , hell , this be nothing compare to Venezuela . when I be vice President , ike send I down there like a block back . they throw rock , break out we window , almost overturn the car . read six crise , bob. Boy , Pat be brave ! haldeman yeah , we have get to get we vice president off the golf course and back there on the college circuit . that 's top priority . ehrlichman he 's in the dump , sir . agnew . every time you have he attack the press , they give it back to he in spade . he 's become the most hate man in America . nixon ( chuckle ) yeah , good old spiro . well , better he than I . what the hell be he but a insurance policy ? haldeman we gotta keep remind the media prick , if Nixon go they end up with agnew . they all laugh . ehrlichman he 's begging for a meeting , chief . he want to go overseas for awhile . nixon well , no place where they speak English . that way he can always say he be misquote . Nixon emit a high , manic laugh . the protestor be frustrated as the limousine break through . int . CIA headquarters - lobby - day ( 1970 ) the seal of the CIA : " you shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free . " we crane back , revealing that the seal be on the floor of the lobby as nixon stride in with he entourage . lo. general ROBERT cushman hurry out , ruffle , to meet nixon . cushman Mr. President , I do not know what to say . as soon as we learn from the secret service you be en route , the director be notify . he should be here any minute . nixon where the hell be he ? cushman uh , he 's rush back from he tennis game , sir ... nixon ( impatient ) so ... let 's go ... cushman ( walk with Nixon ) he tell I to take you to he conference room . nixon no . his office . ( aside ) I want a very private conversation . I do not want to be bugge . cushman then he office will be fine . int . operation CENTER & helm office - day they walk past analyst labor in isolation behind plexiglass wall ; the hum of computer , a dark austerity to the place . they all glance up as nixon stride past . nixon how 's the job come , Bob ? cushman frankly , sir , it stink . I have no access . I be lucky helm let I have a staff . nixon ( ominous ) we will see about that ... cushman ( sense change ) he 's nervous , sir . he 's hear you be look for a new director . nixon well , he certainly be not act like it . cushman that 's helm . he 's " sing froid , " a world - class poker player . nixon ( under he breath ) yeah ? well , I own the fuck casino . int . helm office - day a duty officer open the door of the director 's office with a flourish . nixon catch richard helm throw he trench coat and tennis racket on a chair , obviously hurry in from a secret door . helm spot Nixon , extend he hand with a reptilian smile . helm I be honore , Dick , that you have come all this way out here to Virginia to visit we at last . nixon my friend call I " mister President . " helm and so shall i. ( to cushman ) arrange some coffee , would you General cushman ? cushman stare back a beat , bitterly . Nixon signal to haldeman and ehrlichman that he , too , want to be alone . the door close . nixon Robert cushman be a lieutenant general in the Marine Corps , the deputy director of the CIA ... and this be what you use he for ? helm I do not choose he as my deputy , Mr. President . you do . Nixon pace the office , which be festoon with photo , award and a abundance of flower , particularly orchid . a collector . nixon you live pretty well out here . now I understand why you want to keep you budget classified . helm sit on a settee , a hard - to-read man . helm I suppose , " mister President , " you be unhappy that we have not implement you domestic Intelligence plan , but ... nixon you be correct . I be concerned this student be be fund by foreign interest , whether they know it or not . the FBI be worthless in this area . I want you full concentration on this matter ... helm of course we have try , but so far we have come up with nothing that ... nixon ( stern ) then find something . and I want this leak stop . Jack fuck Anderson , the New York Times , the State Department -- I want to know who 's talk to they . helm I be sure you realize this be a very tricky area , Mr. President , give we charter and the congressional oversight committee ... nixon screw congressional oversight . I know damn well , go back to the ' 50' , this agency report what it want , and bury what it do not want Congress to know . pay close attention to this . Nixon fix he with he stare . helm clear he throat . helm be there something else that 's bother you , Mr. President ? nixon yes ... it involve some old and forget papers . thing I sign as vice President . I want the original in my office and I do not want copy anywhere else . now know Nixon 's card , helm relax -- about a inch . helm you be refer , of course , to chair the special Operations Group as vice President . nixon yes ... helm wander over to he prize orchid , finger they . helm as you know ... that be unique . not a operation as much as ... a organic phenomenon . it grow , it change shape , it develop ... insatiable , devour appetite . ( then ) it 's not uncommon in such case that thing be not commit to paper . that could be very ... embarrassing . Nixon be embarrassed , and do not like it . suddenly , the Beast be in the room . helm ( cont 'd ) ( remind he ) I , for one , see to it that my name be never connect to any of that operation . on Nixon , wait . helm ( cont 'd ) ( fishing ) diem ? trujillo ? lumumba ? Guatemala ? Cuba ? ... it 's a shame you do not take similar precaution , Dick . nixon ( very uncomfortable ) I be interested in the document that put you people together with ... the other . all of they ... a beat . this be the fastball . helm pour himself a coffee . helm President Kennedy threaten to smash the CIA into a thousand piece . you could do the same ... nixon I be not Jack Kennedy . you agency be secure . helm ( stir the coffee ) not if I give you all the card ... nixon I promise the american people peace with honor in Southeast Asia . that could take time -- two , maybe three year ... in the meantime , you agency will continue at current level of funding . helm ( sip he coffee ) current level may not be sufficient . nixon the President would support a reasonable request for a increase . helm smile . helm and I ? ... nixon firing you , Mr. helm , would not do any good . of course you will continue as dci . you be do a magnificent job . helm and of course I accept . I be flatter . and I want you to know , I work for only one president at a time . nixon yes . and you will give General cushman full access . helm ( grudgingly accept that ) it will take a little time , but I will order a search for you papers . though it do raise a disturbing issue . nixon what ? helm Mr. castro . nixon ( tense ) yes . helm we have recent intelligence that a Soviet nuclear submarine have dock at cienfuegos . nixon well , we will lodge a formal protest . helm I do not think we can treat this as a formality . Mr. Kennedy make a verbal promise to the Russians not to invade Cuba . but you authorize Dr. kissinger to put this in write . Nixon be take aback by helm 's inside knowledge . nixon be you tapping kissinger ? helm my job , unpleasant sometimes , be to know what other do not want I to know . nixon ( cold ) not if you have spy in the White House , it be not you job . helm it be not my practice to spy on the president . Doctor kissinger manage to convey he innermost secret to the world at large on he own . nixon ( absorb this ) Mr. helm , we have live with communism in Cuba for ten year ... helm ... but it have never be the policy of this government to accept that . and it be certainly not CIA policy . nixon CIA policy ? the CIA have no policy , Mr. helm . except what I dictate to you ... ( beat , they stare at each other ) I try to adjust to the world as it be today , not as you or I want it to be ten year ago . helm be that why you and kissinger be negotiate with the chinese ? a beat . Nixon stare . helm ( cont 'd ) this be a extremely dangerous direction , Mr. President . terrible consequence can result from such enormous error in judgement . nixon but ... if we be able to separate China from Russia once and for all , we can -- we could create a balance of power that would secure the peace into the next century . helm by offer Cuba to the Russians as a consolation prize ? nixon Cuba would be a small price to pay . helm so President Kennedy think . a disturbing image suddenly appear in Nixon 's mind -- kennedy with he head blow off in Dallas . follow by a image of he own death . in a coffin . the smell of the orchid in the room be overwhelming . Nixon feel himself dizzy . nixon I never think Jack be ready for the presidency . but I would never , never consider ... ( then ) his death be awful , a awful thing for this country . ( then ) do you ever think of death , Mr. helm ? helm Flowers be continual reminder of we mortality . do you appreciate flower ? nixon no . they make I sick . they smell like death ... I have two brother die young . but let I tell you , there be worse thing than death . there be such a thing as evil . helm you must be familiar with my favorite poem by yeat ? " the second come " ? nixon no . helm Black irishman . very move . " turn and turn in the widen gyre / the falcon can not hear the falconer / thing fall apart , the center cannot hold / mere anarchy be loose upon the world / and everywhere the ceremony of innocence be drown / the best lack all conviction , while the worst be full of passionate intensity " ... but it end so beautifully ominous -- " what rough beast , its hour come round at last / slouches toward bethlehem to be bear ? " ... yes , this country stand at such a juncture . on Nixon , we : CUT to : int . the white house - nixon bedroom - night nixon have just return from a dinner party , this tuxedo come off , on the phone , a scotch in hand , in high spirit . a series of jump cut of he phone self as follow : nixon ( on phone ) it be sudden death , trini , but I think I kick helm 's ass . ( laugh ) yeah , and kissinger 's run around like a scared chicken right now ; he do not know who 's gonna grab he power . yeah ... you should see he . I call haig , kissinger shit ! more laughter . jump CUT to : nixon ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) do you see the look on Hoover 's face ? he be redder than a bett . that little closet fairy 's get no choice . he hate mcgovern and Kennedy so much , he 's get to love I . and lyndon ? PAT enter , in a nightdress , smoking . PAT he look old , do not he ? nixon ( hardly notice ) I ask he , " lyndon , what would you do , on a scale of one to ten ? " and he say , " bomb the shit out of hanoi , boy ! bomb they where they live . " ... John , do you think I be too soft on tv ? jump CUT to : nixon ( cont 'd ) Bob , I want to get on this energy thing tomorrow -- we really have to rethink we need to the end of the century . let 's do it at 1:00 . and do not forget the budget boy . I be gonna carve the shit out of them . ( beat ) well , no , clear the afternoon and tell trini I will be in Key biscayne by 4:00 ... no , alone ... Pat 's stay here with the girl . Pat approach he , nuzzle he . she seem a little strange , tipsy ... but sexy in she nightdress . PAT I would like to go with you . haldeman ( o.s. ) hello ? nixon ( to Pat ) uh , you should check with Bob ... ( to Bob ) listen , Bob , I will call you in the morning . he hang up , awkward . nixon ( cont 'd ) hi , buddy . what be you do in here ? PAT I have miss you . nixon ( suspect drink on she breath ) be you okay ? PAT why do not we go down to Key biscayne together ? just the two of we . nixon because ... I have to relax . PAT I be think tonight -- do you remember , Dick ? do you remember when you use to drive I on date with the other boy ? you do not want to let I out of you sight . nixon yeah , sure , a long time ago . PAT yes , it 's be a long time ... a signal have be give . Nixon recoil , embarrassed . a slight sweat . nixon I do not need that , buddy . I be not Jack Kennedy . PAT ( rebuffe , distant ) no , you be not . so stop compare yourself to he . you have no reason to ... you have everything you ever want . you have earn it . why can not you just enjoy it ? nixon I do . I do . in my own way . PAT then what be you scared of , honey ? nixon I be not scared , buddy . ( a pause ) you do not understand . they be play for keep , buddy . the press , the kid , the liberal -- they be out there , try to figure out how to tear I down . PAT they be all you enemy ? nixon yes ! PAT you personally ? nixon yes ! this be about I . why can not you understand that , you of all people ? it 's not the war -- it 's Nixon ! they want to destroy Nixon ! and if I expose myself even the slight bit they will tear my inside out . do you want that ? do you want to see that , buddy ? it 's not pretty . PAT sometimes I think that 's what you want . nixon you have be drink . what the hell be you say ? Jesus , you sound like they now ! ... ( a beat , quietly ) I have gotta keep fight , buddy , for the country . this people run thing , the elite ... they be soft , chickenshit faggot ! they do not have the long - term vision anymore . they just want to cover they ass or meet girl or tear each other down . oh , God , this country 's in deep trouble , buddy ... and I have to see this through . mother would have want no less of I ... I be sorry , buddy . Pat stand , about to leave . PAT I just wish ... you know how much I love you , that 's all . it take I a long time to fall in love with you , Dick . but I do it . and it do not make you happy . you want they to love you ... Pat wave outward , indicate the world , the public . nixon ( interject ) no , I do not . I be not Jack ... PAT but they never will , Dick . no matter how many election you win , they never will . she leave . he be leave in the middle of the room . he shuffles to the phone , pick it up . int . the white house - kitchen - night nixon ( v.o. ) manolo ! where the hell be you ? the light come on , revealing manolo sanchez , the valet , in the doorway , wear a bathrobe and slipper . manolo I be asleep , Mr. President . what can I get you ? nixon just ... uh ... you know . manolo of course . manolo move to a cabinet on the far side of the pantry . take out a bottle of chiva , put ice into a tumbler . nixon do you miss Cuba , manolo ? manolo yes , Mr. President . nixon we let you down , do not we . you people . manolo that be Mr. Kennedy . nixon you do not think he be a hero ? manolo pour Nixon a drink . manolo ( shrug ) he be a politician . nixon ( swallow the drink ) do you cry when he die ? manolo yes . nixon why ? manolo I do not know . ( then ) he make I see the star ... nixon ( look outside , to himself ) how do he do that ? ( then ) all that kid ... why do they hate I so much ? ext . lincoln memorial - pre-dawn nixon get out of the front of the presidential limousine . manolo follow . Nixon look up : a surreal scene . the lincoln Memorial have be turn into a pagan temple . fire burn on the broad marble step , half - naked kide sleep on filthy blanket below the immense column . hendrix play faintly on a portable radio . Nixon start up the step , pick he way among the sleep form . he pass a girl , trip , eye close , twirling a long scarf over she head . he stare at she , step on a sleep bag . student 1 fuck , man . that 's my fuckin ' leg -- the boy 's jaw drop . Nixon tower over he . a apparition . nixon you just go back to sleep now , young fella . student 1 ( rub he eye ) whoa , this be some nasty shit ... Nixon reach the top of the monument . tape to one of the pillar be a poster . Nixon scowling , and the motto " would you buy a use car from this man ? " Nixon peer at it , move inside . he look up at lincoln in the eerie firelight . banner with peace sign have be drape over he shoulder , bunch of flower between he finger . half a dozen student be talk among themselves . they see Nixon , stop . stun . Nixon stride toward they . nixon hi , I be Dick Nixon . student 2 you be shittin ' I . nixon where you from ? student 2 syracuse . nixon the orangeman ! now there 's a football program . Jim Brown . and that other tailback ... the one with the blood disease ... student 2 Ernie Davis . nixon right , right . I use to play a little ball myself at whittier . ( laugh nervously ) of course , they use I as a tackle dummy . a self - possess young woman abruptly interrupt . young woman we do not come here to talk about football . we come here to end the war . nixon ( chasten ) yes , I understand that . pause . nobody respond . nixon ( cont 'd ) probably most of you think I be a real sob . I know that . but I understand how you feel , I really do . I want peace , too , but peace with honor . student 3 what do that mean ? nixon you can not have peace without a price . sometimes you have to be willing to fight for peace . and sometimes to die . student 3 tell that to the gis who be go to die tomorrow in Vietnam . student 2 what you have to understand , Mr. Nixon , be that we be willing to die for what we believe in . nixon ( look up at lincoln ) that man up there live in similar time . he have chaos and civil war and hatred between the race ... sometimes I go to the lincoln room at the White House and just pray . you know , the liberal act like idealism belong to they , but it 's not true . my family go Republican because lincoln freed the slave . my grandmother be a abolitionist . it be quaker who found whittier , my hometown , to abolish slavery . they be conservative Bible folk , but they have a powerful sense of right and wrong ... forty year ago I be look , as you be now , for answer . ( then ) but you know , end the war and clean up the air and the city , feed the poor -- my mother use to feed hobo stop over at we house - none of it be go to satisfy the spiritual hunger we all have , find a meaning to this life ... haldeman arrive with several secret service agent , look very worried . the crowd around Nixon have grow much larger . haldeman Mr. President ! nixon it 's okay , Bob , we be just rapping , my friend and I . we actually agree on a lot of thing ... young woman no , we do not ! you be full of shit ! you say you want to end the war , so why do not you ? my brother die over there last November . why ? what good be he death ? nixon I know . I know . I have see a lot of kid die , too , in World War ii . student 2 come on , man -- Vietnam be not Germany . it do not threaten we . it 's a civil war between the vietnamese . nixon but change always come slowly . I have withdraw more than half the troops . I be try to cut the military budget for the first time in thirty year . I want a all-volunteer army . but it 's also a question of american credibility , we position in the world ... young woman you do not want the war . we do not want the war . the vietnamese do not want the war . so why do it go on ? Nixon hesitates , out of answer . young woman ( cont 'd ) someone want it ... ( a realization ) you can not stop it , can you ? even if you want to . because it 's not you . it 's the system . and the system will not let you stop it ... nixon there 's a lot more at stake here than what you want . or even what I want ... young woman then what 's the point ? what 's the point of be president ? you be powerless . the girl transfix he with she eye . Nixon feel it . the nausea of the Beast make he reel . the student press in on he from all side . nixon ( stumbling ) no , no . I be not powerless . because ... because I understand the system . I believe I can control it . maybe not control it totally . but ... tame it enough to make it do some good . young woman it sound like you be talk about a wild animal . nixon maybe I be . a silence . Nixon look at she . haldeman and the secret service men fill the succeed beat of silence by move Nixon off . he allow himself to be herde , wave absently to the protestor . haldeman we really must go , Mr. President . nixon ( to all ) do not forget , the most important thing in you life be you relationship with you Maker ... ( over he shoulder to all ) do not forget to be on God 's side . this do not go down well with the protestor . ( " bullshit ! " ) as Nixon be lead down the step to the limousine : nixon ( cont 'd ) she get it , Bob . a nineteen - year- old college kid ... haldeman what ? nixon she understand something it 's take I twenty - five fuck year in politics to understand . the CIA , the mafia , the Wall Street bastard ... haldeman Sir ? nixon ( climb into the limo , mutter ) ... " the Beast . " a nineteen - year - old kid . she understand the nature of " the Beast . " she call it a wild animal . the door close . the limousine be whisk away under searchlight and heavy security . subtitle read : " JUNE 1971 - a year later " documentary footage - the White House be still ringed . armed troops patrol Pennsylvania Avenue . the buse be draw up . smoke be in the air . the sound of cherry bomb go off . Signs that read : " end the war ! throw the fascist out ! Dick Nixon before he dick you ! " ext . the white house - rose garden - day Inside the barricade , a fairyland . a white lattice gazebo drape with flower . tricia 's wedding be in preparation . groundskeepers and various personnel lay out the carpet to the alter . int . exec office bldg - nixon office - day J. edgar hoover join nixon , pull on he wedding tuxedo , at a window , look out at the protestor . intermittently , Hoover help he with he clothes . nixon ( muse ) there must be a quarter - million out there , Edgar . they have be at it now for a year . Young kid just like tricia . I do not know . do you think they have a point , Edgar ? maybe this whole damned system of government be ... hoover ( suspect softness ) remember what lenin say in 1917 , Mr. President : " the power be lie in the street just wait for someone to pick it up . " the Communists have never be closer . now be the time to go back to the old theme , the one that make you president . let the Communists know you be onto they . nixon ( laugh ) the little bastard think they can ruin tricia 's wedding day by dance naked in the reflecting Pond . hoover do not listen to them , do not quit . remember - Kennedy , Bobby , and King be against the war . where be they now ? do not give them a goddamn inch on the war . President Johnson bomb Laos for year and nobody know or say a thing . how the hell the Times ever get ahold of this ellsberg stuff be a disgrace ! nixon we can not keep a goddamn secret in this government , Edgar . they be steal papers right out of he office . hoover Johnson have the same damned problem till he bugge he own office . nixon ( nod ) we take he system out . hoover that be a mistake . the White House be full of Kennedy people then . it still be . nixon who do you think be behind it ? hoover well , you have CIA people all over the place . helm have see to that . ( beat , Nixon remain poker face ) then there 's kissinger 's staff . kissinger himself , I believe , maybe the leaker . nixon ( stunne ) kissinger ? hoover he 's obsessed with he own image . he want he Nobel peace Prize a little too much . as the late " Doctor " King prove -- even a ape can win a prize with good press . nixon Jesus , I would like to book he into a psychiatrist 's office . he come in here ranting and rave , dump he crap all over the place ... could you prove it , Edgar ? hoover I always get my man . nixon yeah , you do . ( then ) I would be bugging myself , Edgar ... who would get the tape ? hoover no one . you property . it would prove you case . why do you think kissinger 's taping you call ? for history . his word against yours -- and right now he 's get the record . Nixon be stung by the comparison , fussing with he bow tie . Hoover help he . nixon this damned tie ... will you help I , Edgar ? ( then ) churchill use to say to I , " if you want you own history write properly , you must write it yourself . " ( start out ) all right , Edgar , but just do not let it come back to haunt I . hoover ( a reminder ) it will not . as long as I be here . Nixon absentmindedly show Hoover through a small door into he bathroom ... there be a awkward pause , as both man be too proud to pretend they be cramped in this place together . Hoover clear he throat and exit the regular door . as we hear the Love theme from " Doctor Zhivago " : CUT to : int . the white house - east room - day the White House guard wear german comic opera uniform include tall cylindrical hat with beak . we see champagne , white lace , the musician wear morning coat . hoover and tolson be together , very happy . to the sound of the wedding music , nixon take a turn with he daughter , tricia , in gown . he have never seem happier . nixon I be very proud of you today , princess . very . when one of the groomsmen cut in , Nixon ask several other to dance . he retreat to julie 's side . Julie say something sweet but unheard to he . PAT be at a window , upset , look out at the protestor as Julie come over to get she . julie come on , mother , join the ... ( see she look ) what 's the matter ? PAT we be just not go to buckle to this people . Pat put on she party face and rejoin the crowd . int . the white house - cabinet room - day ( 1971 ) - rain cabinet member chat , lean back in they chair , smoking , as nixon suddenly erupt into the room , a focus fury on he face . he sit , slam the New York Times down . close - we can make out the word " Pentagon paper . " nixon gentlemen , we have have we last damn leak ! this be no way to run a goddamn government . we be go to prosecute the hell out of ellsberg and anyone else who want to leak . and that mean any one of you who cross the line , I be personally go after ... intercutting among the face -- kissinger predominant . Nixon glance in he direction , pause on he . nixon ( cont 'd ) the permissiveness of this era be over . the belt be come off and people be gonna be take to the woodsh . this government cannot survive with a counter - government inside it . I know how traitor operate -- I have deal with they all my life . this bullshit to the effect -- some stenographer do it , some stenographer -- that 's never the case . it 's never the little people -- little people do not leak . it 's always the sonofabitch like ellsberg who leak ! the Harvard Hebrew boy with the private agendas who wanna be heroes . Nixon grab the paper , shake it . nixon ( cont 'd ) ellsberg do this " for the good of the country . " I suppose you have never hear that one before . alger hiss and the rosenbergs say the same damn crap , and you know what happen to they -- ol ' sparky get they . they have always underestimate Nixon , the intellectual . well , we be gonna let they know we can fight just as dirty . this be sudden death , gentleman . we be gonna get them on the ground , stick in we spike and twist , show them no mercy ! Nixon look around the room . the cabinet member be stunne . nixon ( cont 'd ) this administration be a goddamn disaster . we get bum out there at the gate . we have get thirty - eight of forty piece of we domestic legislation defeat in Congress . unless we turn thing around , we will all be look for job next year . ( then ) start today , nobody in this room talk to the press without clear it first with haldeman . that mean a complete freeze on the New York Times , CBS , Jack fuck Anderson , and the Washington Post ! from now on , haldeman be the Lord High executioner . so do not you come whining to I when he tell you to do something , ' cause that 's I talk . and if you come to I , I will be tougher than he be . anybody try to screw we , he head come off . do you understand ? good day , gentleman ... he walk out , leave they stunne and silent . haldeman well , I guess that 's it for today 's meeting ... int . poultry processing plant - miami - night a chicken 's head fly off . the cuban crowd be go crazy as a fighting cock be move in for the kill . the ring be surround by impromptu bleacher , the wall line with metal cage fill with chicken . the slaughterhouse be adjacent . howard hunt stand at the edge of the crowd , hold a greasy wrapper of churo , as the fight end . cheer and groan . fistful of money be exchange . frank sturgis turn from the ring , make he way to hunt , hand he a twenty . sturgis how the fuck do you know ? hunt injection . even this noble sport 's be fix . ( pocket the twenty ) see the guy ? sturgis they be around . sturgis snag a piece of churo , swallow it . sturgis ( cont 'd ) why , you get a customer ? hunt the White House . sturgis ( stop ) you be fuck I . hunt we be gonna be plumber , Frank . we be gonna plug a leak . sturgis who we work for ? hunt a guy name Gordon liddy . thinks he 's Martin borman . you wanna meet he ? he motion . gordon liddy come out of the edge of the crowd , shake hand with sturgis . hunt ( cont 'd ) Gordon liddy ... Frank sturgis . they turn the handshake into a parallel of the cock fight , iron grip subtly crush each other 's hand . liddy ( after they break ) y'ever hold you hand over a fire ? liddy pull out a Zippo lighter . hunt that 's okay , Gordon hunt motion he off . as liddy drift off : sturgis where would you find he ? hunt just do not tell he to do anything you do not really want he to do . sturgis so , do tricky Dick know about this ? hunt I will not tell he if you will not . the handlers throw two new fighting cock into the ring . they start to rip at each other . hunt ( cont 'd ) ( chew on he churo ) the claw be out , Frank . int . field psychiatrist office - night ( 1971 ) as see before : a glass shatter , a crowbar jack open the door mark : " Dr. Lewis J. field , psychiatrist . " nixon ( v.o. ) History will never be the same . cabinet full of pill be overturn . the disguise hunt and liddy , with the three cuban , go to work . a file folder be rip from a cabinet . in the flashlight beam the file read " Daniel ellsberg . " a voice call out : " Howard , I get it ! " nixon ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we have take a step into the future . we have change the world . " America the beautiful " music take we into : int . mao tse - tung' office - beijing - day ( 1972 ) subtitle read : " february 1972 " nixon beam , stand under a huge red flag bear the hammer and sickle . the " America " theme be be play on a traditional chinese instrument as chinese photographer be allow to take stiff portrait . the men chit-chat . nixon I must say you look very good , Mr. Chairman . mao look can be deceive ... nixon we know you have take a great risk in invite we here . mao stare at Nixon and reply in chinese , which the interpreter repeat : mao ( half smile ) I take no risk . I be too old to be afraid of what anyone think . Nixon force a rigid smile as they move to the chair . time CUT to : mao and nixon be seat in armchair opposite each other , kissinger and chou en - lai to either side of mao . a interpreter between . in media re : mao ( cont 'd ) do not ever trust they . they never tell the truth or honor they commitment . vietnamese be like Russians . both be dog . nixon Mr. Chairman , there be a old say : the enemy of my enemy be my friend . mao ( smile ) that have the add virtue of be true . mao do not seem to be take any of this too seriously ; in fact , he seem a little medicate . kissinger you know , Mr. Chairman , at Harvard I use you writings in my class . mao what a waste of time . my writings mean absolutely nothing . kissinger but you writings have change the world , Mr. Chairman . mao Fung pi ! ( bullshit ! ) I have only manage to change a few thing around the city of Beijing . ( then : to kissinger ) I want to know you secret . kissinger secret , Mr. Chairman ? mao how a fat man get so many girl . mao howl at he own joke . kissinger power , Mr. Chairman , be the ultimate aphrodisiac . laughter . mao ( turn to Nixon ) you know , I vote for you in you last election . nixon ( self - efface ) I be the lesser of two evil . a moment . mao level a gaze at he , deadly serious . mao you be too modest , Nixon . you be as evil as I be . we be both from poor family . but other pay to feed the hunger in we . in my case , million of reactionary . in you case , million of vietnamese . nixon ( take aback ) Civil war be always the cruelest kind of war . mao the real war be in we . ( then ) History be a symptom of we disease . CUT forward to : documentary footage - the bombing of hanoi ... subtitle read : " christmas 1972 . " hundred of b-52 strike , bomb pouring over the CITY . BBC reporter ( v.o . ) in a surprise Christmas bombing of hanoi , President Nixon deliver more tonnage than be use at dresden in World War ii ... it be , without a doubt , the most brutal bombing in american history . crosscut : documentary footage - 1 . hanoi - the devastation of the city . it 's on fire . body be be carry from a collapse hospital . 2 . the USA - in contrast , shot in the media of Christmas tree ( rockefeller Center , etc. ) ; family shopping ; a child 's choir sing " gloria in excelsis deo . " reporter ( v.o. ) ... this Christmas bombing have shake up the Paris peace talk and create a huge amount of criticism across the globe . newspaper be call it a " Stone Age tactic , " and Nixon a " madden tyrant " ... Nixon 's only response : " when the vietnamese take the peace talk seriously , I will stop . " stock footage - move through a bank of cloud toward the sun . int . AIR force one - MAIN cabin - sunset ( 1972 ) nixon be look out the window , PAT next to he . haldeman and ehrlichman be out of earshot . PAT penny for you thought . nixon be that adjust for inflation ? ( she laugh ) think of the life mao 's lead . in ' 52 I call he a monster . now he could be we most important ally . ( then ) only Nixon could have do that . PAT you be a long way from whittier . a beat . he share she look . nixon yes ... yes , I be . Pat put she hand on he hand . PAT congratulation , Dick . nixon ( smile ) how be I go to break this to Bob hope ? kissinger walk into the cabin . kissinger we have get the Russians where we want they ! they be call we . we will have a salt treaty with they this year . haldeman in time for the election ? brezhnev 's tough . he know mcgovern 's right on we ass ... kissinger he do not have a choice ! he have to shift missile from Europe to the chinese border . with one stroke , the balance of power move completely in we favor . this be a coup , Mr. President ! ehrlichman for you , Henry ? Nobel peace Prize , maybe ... see the look on Nixon 's face . nixon not for the Pentagon it be not . I be kissing mao 's ass . and the press be gonna find some way to shaft Nixon on this one . PAT it 's not the press that matter . Nixon 's wife be proud of he . he squeeze she hand . haldeman and he staff . come on , the copy they be filing from China be great . nixon wait till the mai-tais wear off . ehrlichman the country 's loving it . nixon the hard - core four million " Nixon nut " be not gonna go for it ... they will say I sell out to the Communists . kissinger you will pick up the middle on this one - the Jews and negros . nixon Jews and negros do not win election , Henry . better to hang they around the Democrats ' neck . haldeman the Jews be not the middle , Henry . they be the far leave . nixon you be talk too much about black Africa , Henry . it 's kill we with the redneck . haldeman the black be lose , the " schwartzes " be go ... nixon do not let it lose we the right - wing vote ... a silence as the sour note depress everyone . nixon ( cont 'd ) ( feel the deflation ) hey , I sound like my father now . let 's have a drink ! Pat smile . ziegler poke he head in . ziegler Mr. President , the press guy ask if you could come back for a minute . nixon the hell with them . kissinger I will go back , Mr. President . everyone glare at Henry . ziegler no , they want you , Mr. President . I really think it would be a good move . nixon gentlemen , I go now to discover the exact length , width and depth of the shaft . int . AIR force one - PRESS cabin - sunset nixon close the door behind he , turn . dozen of reporter stand , burst into applause . he be momentarily stunne , then he move down the aisle . shake hand . the reporter continue applaud . Nixon , for once , be deeply move . on the sound of applause , we : CUT to : ext . jone ranch - day ( 1972 ) reporter ( v.o. ) J. Edgar Hoover be dead at the age of seventy - seven . the legendary crime buster serve he country as director of the FBI for almost half a century , from 1924 to 1972 . a enormous brahma bull , red -ey , snort , thrashes viciously against the reinforce wall of its pen . nixon and jack jone watch as secret service hover nearby . jone ( v.o. ) there 's two kind of bull , Dick . you good bull and you bad bull . this here 's a bad bull . you piss he off , he will kill everything in he path . only way to stop he be to shoot he . a wrangler climb carefully into the chute . the brahma lunge for he . jone ( cont 'd ) Eddie , you be damned careful with that beast . his nut be worth a helluva lot more and yours . he lead Nixon down the step . jone ( cont 'd ) ( cagey ) so , what 's this about , Dick ? nixon it 's I or wallace , Jack . wallace 's third party be only go to help mcgovern . I need you support . jone well , you sure be chock full of surprise so far , " mister President . " int . jone ranch - live room - day ( 1972 ) nixon and haldeman be stand by the hearth . the year have go by but , in different clothing and hairstyle , it be much the same group of a dozen businessmen gather around , drink Jack Daniels and smoking cigar . among they we recognize the cuban and mitch . it 's heat . jone it look like to I we be gonna lose the war for the first goddamn time and , Dick , goddamn it , you be go along with it , buy into this kissinger bullshit -- " detente " with the Communists . " detente " -- it sound like two fag dance . nixon Jack , we be not live in the same country you and I know in ' 46 . we people be just not gonna sacrifice in major number for war . we can not even get them to accept cut in they gas tank . Hell , the Arabs and the japanese be bleed the shit out of we gold .. jone and whose fault be that ? if we would win in Vietnam ... nixon it 's nobody 's fault , Jack . it 's change -- which be a fact of history . even that old cocksucker Hoover 's dead . thing change . a uncomfortable silence . a servant bring coffee to Nixon , but haldeman cut he off . no one get close to he guy . mitch so ... how 's the food over there in China , Mr. Nixon ? nixon free , if you be the president . nervous laughter . mitch what be you go to do about this allende fellow nationalize we business in chile ? you gonna send kissinger down there ? nixon we be gonna get rid of he -- allende , I mean -- just as fast as we can . he 's on the top of the list . mitch how about kissinger along with he ? nixon kissinger 's misunderstand . he pretend to be a liberal for he establishment friend , but he 's even tougher than I be ... cuban so kissinger stay . just like castro , Mr. Nixon ? nixon yeah , he stay ... a uncomfortable silence . Jones walk closer to Nixon . jone desi 's get a point . what the hell be we gonna do about the Communists right here in we backyard ?! nixon what do you mean , Jack ? jone I mean I get federal price control on my oil . the ragheads be beat the shit out of I . and I get you EPA environment agency with its thumb so far up my ass it 's scratch my ear . haldeman gentlemen , I think it 's about time for we to be get to the airport . nixon let he finish , Bob . jone ... and now I have a federal judge order I to bus my kid halfway ' cross town to go to school with some nigger kid . I think , Mr. President , you be forget who put you where you be . nixon the american people put I where I be . Jones smirk . they all smirk . a dreadful moment . jone really ? well , that can be change . Dead silence . Nixon move closer to Jones . nixon Jack , I have learn that politics be the art of compromise . I learn it the hard way . I do not know if you have . but I tell you what , Jack ... if you do not like it , there 's a election in November . you can take you money out into the open , give it to wallace ... how about it , Jack ? be you willing to do that ? give this country over to some poet - pansy socialist like George mcgovern ? Nixon be right in Jones 's face now . nixon ( cont 'd ) because if you be uncomfortable with the EPA up you ass , try the IRS ... jone well , goddamn . be you threaten I , Dick ? nixon ( softly ) president do not threaten . they do not have to . ( then ) good day , gentleman . as he walk out with haldeman , there be a stone silence . ext . TEXAS landscape - day as the presidential car pull away in a three - car entourage , we hear : reporter ( v.o. ) ... with George wallace out of the race , paralyze by a assassin 's bullet , Richard Nixon have crush George mcgovern in the 1972 presidential election . it be the second biggest landslide in american history , but ... ext . AIR force one - day ( stock footage ) the plane fly through the cloud . a royal feel . reporter ( v.o. ) ... the Democrats have increase they majority in the House and the Senate . as the new term begin , there be mount evidence of strong hostility to President Nixon 's mandate for a " New american Revolution . " however , it do not seem that the watergate investigation have , up to now , damage Nixon politically in any significant way ... int . AIR force one - president's cabin - night nixon look out the window , turn to haldeman next to he , make note on he ubiquitous clipboard . ziegler be nearby . nixon you know , they all miss the point . probably we biggest achievement as a administration , when it 's all say and do , be not China or Russia . it 's pull out of Vietnam without a right wing revolt . haldeman I believe you be right , boss . nixon ... but even the presidency be not enough anymore ... haldeman Sir ? nixon the presidency will not protect we , Bob . we be beyond politics now ... haldeman be puzzle . ehrlichman enter the cabin , excited , extend a cable . he be follow by long - haire JOHN dean . ehrlichman Sir , just in from Paris -- the vietnamese have accept ! Henry 's peace proposal . the bombing work ! they be cave . Nixon read kissinger 's cable , but he do not express any happiness . haldeman ( excited ) congratulation , boss. ( handshake offer ) a great victory ! the madman theory be not so crazy after all . nixon ( to himself ) this could be it ... this could be it . four long year ... ehrlichman Henry 's on he way back to meet we . he want to make sure he get in all the photograph . incidentally ... maybe this be not the right time but ... uh , you should know ... Bill Sullivan over at the FBI get back to we with he report on kissinger . Nixon look up , interested . ehrlichman ( cont 'd ) ( nod ) yeah ... Sullivan think Henry 's leak . he 's the one ... haldeman yeah , I know it . I know it from ' 69 on , and I say it all along , do not I ... Nixon 's expression change totally , narrowing , cold . nixon no , you do not , Bob . ehrlichman look like he talk to Joe kraft ... and to the Times . told they he be dead set against the bombing , that you be ... " unstable . " claim he have to handle you " with kid glove " ... wait on Nixon , who go into some inner state alone , dark brow furrowing with build - up rage . haldeman ( he darker side emerge ) so that explain he press notice . work both side of the fence : jewboy Henry , always try to get he Nobel Prize , get laid ... nixon ( in he own world ) my God , my God ! he talk to the New York Times ? haldeman we ought to fire he whining ass . right now when he 's on top . you know what -- it will set the right example for the rest of this administration . ehrlichman I would personally enjoy do that , sir . nixon ( conflict ) no , no . he 's we only " star " right now . he would go cry straight to the press . he would crucify we -- the sonofabitch ! ( lethal ) get someone from we staff on he ass . tap he phone . I want to know everyone he talk to . haldeman then we will see how long the kissinger mystique last . in a foul mood now , paranoia set in like a storm cloud on he face , Nixon shift back to Dean , who be scared of this Nixon and try to pacify he . nixon so , what about that watergate clown , John ? this fuck sirica 's crazy . thirty - five - year sentence ! there be no weapon . right ? no injury . there be no success ! it 's just ridiculous . dean sirica 's just try to force one of they to testify . but they be solid . nixon then what about this Washington Post crap ? woodwind and fernstein ? ziegler ( correct he ) bernstein . nixon who the fuck be they ? ( to haldeman ) Bob , be you work on revoking the post 's television license ? ( haldeman nod ) good . dean well , they be try to connect Bob and John to a secret fund , but they do not have much . haldeman ( with a look to ehrlichman ) they do not have anything on we . dean the FBI 's feed I all they report . I do not think you should lose any more sleep on it , sir . nixon ( mutter , relieved ) good man , John , good man . they all fall silent , feel that false sense of security as the sound of the jet engine take over . suddenly , there be a air pocket and they rock back and forth . int . the white house - PRESS conference - east room - day subtitle read : " JANUARY 1973 " nixon be conclude he statement to the PRESS . haldeman in the background with ziegler . nixon ... I can therefore announce that we long and tragic involvement in Vietnam be at a end . we mission be accomplish , we have a cease - fire , we prisoner of war be come back , and South Vietnam have the right to determine its own future . we have peace with honor . the reporter be immediately on they foot . a montage of quick cut follow to give the impression of a hostile and never-end barrage of question without satisfactory answer . reporter 1 ( " dan rather " - type ) Sir , be not it true little have be achieve in this peace agreement that the Communists have not be offer since 1969 ? that in fact you administration have needlessly prolong the war and , at certain stage , have escalate it to new level of violence ? jump to : reporter 2 ( " leslie stahl " - type ) Mr. President , what be you reaction to James mccord 's statement that high White House official be involved in the watergate break - in ? jump to : reporter 3 ( " SAM donaldson " - type ) Sir , the Washington Post be report that Mr. haldeman and Mr. ehrlichman have secretly disburse up to $ 900,000 in campaign fund . be there any truth to that ? nixon ( snap ) I have say before and I will say again : I will not respond to the charge of the Washington Post . nor will I comment on a matter that 's currently before the court . reporter 4 do you intend to cooperate with Senator ervin 's committee ? reporter 5 will you agree to the appointment of a special prosecutor ? the question flood in . Nixon be overwhelm . he gather he papers and start to move off . a darkly funny thing happen : ziegler wander into he path , almost collide . Nixon , piss , grab Ziegler by the shoulder , spin he back towards the reporter , and push he at they . Ziegler stumble , look confuse . int . the white house - oval office - day ( 1973 ) nixon storm into he office , pick up a ashtray and hurl it across the room -- it shatter against the wall . everyone in the room with he -- kissinger , haldeman , ehrlichman -- be stunne . nixon I end the longest war in american history and they keep harping on this chickenshit ! you know who 's behind this , do not you -- it 's teddy Kennedy ! he drown a broad in he car and he can not run for president . ehrlichman he get pretty burn at chappaquiddick . nixon my point exactly ! somebody have to die before he shit get in the paper ! Fucking kennedy get away with everything . do you see I screwing everything that move ? ( then ) for Christ 's sake ! I do what the New York Times editorial page say we should do ! I end the war , I get salt I with the Russians , I open China ! so why be this cocksucker turn on I ? because they do not like the way I look . where I go to school . haldeman because they be not Americans . nixon right . they do not trust ! they do not trust America ! haldeman ( venting with he ) why would they ?! who the hell 's sulzberger anyway ? they parent be gold trader from Eastern Europe . they buy thing . they come to Jew York City and they buy up thing . one of the thing they buy be the New York Times . ( glare at kissinger ) and you know what ? be proud because they will never trust you , sir , because we speak for the average american . ehrlichman share a look with kissinger as Nixon and haldeman feed into each other . nixon you know why they be turn on I ? they be not serious about power , that 's why . they be play with power . they be forget the national interest . in the old day , people know how to hold power , how to set limit . they would not have tear this country apart over a third - rate burglary . all they care about now be they ego , look good at cocktail party ... haldeman ... beat out the other papers , chase girl ... nixon ... worry whether someone say something " nice " about they . all short - term , frivolous bullshit ; Ben bradlee worry about teddy Kennedy like he ... kissinger try to get the focus back . kissinger Mr. President , I feel we be drift toward oblivion here . we be play a totally reactive game ; we have get to get ahead of the ball . ( pause , in a embarrassed voice ) we all know you be clean ... right ? so let 's do a houseclean . take the glove off . haldeman share a look with ehrlichman . be he refer to they ? Nixon turn slowly on kissinger , cryptic . nixon houseclean ? it would be ugly , Henry , really ugly ... kissinger but it must be do ; you government be paralyze . nixon all kind of shit would come out . like the ellsberg thing . you know about that , Henry , do not you ? kissinger ( vague ) I ... I hear something ... it sound idiotic . nixon idiotic ? yes , I suppose it be . ehrlichman but you be the one who say we should expose he as some kind of sex fiend . someone take you literally . kissinger ( stung , and suddenly knowledgeable ) I never suggest for some imbecile to go break into a psychiatrist 's office . how stupid of ... nixon that do not matter now , Henry . the point be , you might lose some of you media-darling halo if the press start sniff around we dirty laundry . kissinger ( indignant ) I have nothing to do with that , sir , and I resent any implication ... nixon resent it all you want , Henry , but you be in it with the rest of we . Cambodia , ellsberg , the wiretaps you put in . the President want you to know you can not just click you heel and head back to Harvard yard . it 's you ass too , Henry , and it 's in the wind twist with everyone else 's . a stony silence . the man , all clench jaw , wait . kissinger , icily , click he heel and withdraw . kissinger ( at the door ) Mr. Nixon , it be possible for even a president to go too far . nixon yeah ... Nixon laugh maniacally . JOHN dean cross in as kissinger exit . Dean close the door behind he . haldeman you play it perfectly , sir -- cocksucker ! he 's go to think twice before he leak again . nixon ( exultant ) he will be look in he toilet bowl every time he pull the chain . they laugh madly , like hatter at a tea party . dean ( worried ) Mr. President , hunt want more money . another hundred - and -thirty thousand . nixon Son of a bitch . dean he say if he do not get it right away , he 's go to blow we out of the water . and he mean it . ever since he wife die in the plane crash , he 's be over the edge . nixon pay he . pay he what he want . haldeman we have get to turn the faucet off on this thing . it 's out of control ... ( as he cross to Dean , sotto voce ) you might burden just I with this in the future . nixon it 's helm -- it 's get to be . haldeman we could leverage helm . nixon how ? haldeman when I meet with he , he say ... int . CIA - helms' offfice - day ( flashback ) helm , sit across from haldeman . haldeman ... this entire affair , the President want you to know , be related to the Bay of Pigs , and if it open up ... helm grip the arm of he chair , lean forward excitedly , and yell at haldeman . helm the Bay of Pigs have nothing to do with this ! I have no concern about the Bay of Pigs !! haldeman be shocked by helm 's violent reaction , but remain very cool . haldeman this be what the President tell I to relay to you , Mr. helm . helm ( settling back ) all right ... int . the white house - oval office - day ( 1973 ) resume scene - haldeman , ehrlichman , dean and nixon . haldeman ( fishing ) ... I be wonder what 's such dynamite in this Bay of Pigs story ? ( Nixon stare , nothing ) ... although it be clearly effective , because all of a sudden it be no problem for helm to go to the FBI and try to put a lid on watergate . nixon what about the document he promise ? haldeman he will give we the document . ( then ) but I think he should be offer the ambassadorship to Iran . then he will go without a whimper . Nixon stare at he , distract . nixon I promise Iran to townsend . haldeman put townsend in Belgium ; it 's available . nixon townsend give we 300 grand . Belgium 's not worth more than 100 , 150 ... ehrlichman what about England ? nixon forget it . ehrenberg 's pay three time that much ... haldeman helm want Iran or there might be problem . all of he old CIA buddy be over there make a fortune off the shah . nixon for God 's sake , when do this end ?! dean ( suddenly ) executive clemency ... nixon what ? dean hunt have nothing to lose now . pardon all of they . nobody 's go to investigate a crime for which the criminal have already be pardon . nixon I like that . that 's a solution . ehrlichman it will never wash . pardon they mean we be guilty . the people , the press will go nut . nixon and what be I suppose to do ? just sit here and watch they come closer ? eat they way to the center ? ( pace ) lyndon bugge ! so do Kennedy ! FDR cut a deal with lucky luciano . Christ , even ike have a mistress ! what 's so special about I ? ( then ) what about lyndon ? he could make a couple of call to the Hill and shut this whole thing down . do anyone talk to he ? haldeman ( hesitant ) I do . he hit the roof . no dice . he say if you come out with a story about how he bugge you plane , he 's go to reveal ... he look at ehrlichman and Dean , pause . we CUT across the room from ehrlichman 's point of view as haldeman whisper the rest of the message in Nixon 's ear . Nixon 's face go ashen . nixon ( low key ) all right ... all right . he walk to the window . nixon ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) I do not know , I do not know ... I just know we have make too many enemy . ehrlichman Sir , Bob and I be gonna have to testify before earvin 's committee . nixon no , you be not ! you be go to claim executive privilege and you be go to stonewall it all the way -- plead the fifth amendment . I do not give a shit . they can not force the President 's people to testify . ehrlichman executive privilege will make it look like we be cover up . nixon we be cover up ! for some petty , stupid shit . ( then ) there be thing I can say -- when other people say they , they would be lie . but when I say they nobody believe I anyway ... pause . a look between haldeman and ehrlichman , puzzle . dean then we be go to have to give they Mitchell . Nixon turn , stunne . nixon Mitchell ? Mitchell 's ... family . dean either it go to Mitchell or it come here . Nixon look like he 's just be punch in the stomach . haldeman ( softly ) John 's right . it 's not personal , boss . it 's just the way the game be play . sometimes you have to punt . Nixon look out the window . suddenly , he look very old and very tired in the gray Washington light . nixon Jesus , I be so goddamn wear out with this ... int . the white house - corridor - day haldeman and ehrlichman leave the President 's office . they be pensive , on the move . they come to a huddle next to a window in a isolate alcove . ehrlichman who 's gonna tell Mitchell ? haldeman you do it . ehrlichman why I ? haldeman ' Cause he hate you . it 's worse when you get it from someone you trust . ehrlichman he 's wrong , you know -- about Kennedy , LBJ , Truman . haldeman how so ? ehrlichman sure , they do stuff , but nothing like this , bob. forget watergate , the break -in , the enemy list . you get a attempt firebombing at the brooking institution , plant mcgovern stuff on the guy that shot wallace , try to slip lsd to Jack Anderson . haldeman the " Old man " play politics harder than anybody else . ehrlichman you think this be just about politics ? they go inanimate as a White House staffer pass . ehrlichman ( cont 'd ) ( privately ) you think LBJ would ever have ask hunt to forge a cable implicate John Kennedy in the assassination of the President of Vietnam ? ( whisper fiercely ) how long have you know he , Bob ? twenty year ? ( then ) you ever shake hand with he ? you ever have a real conversation with he ? we do not have a clue what 's go on inside that man . and look what we be do for he ... ehrlichman glance around to make sure no one be listen . he lean close . ehrlichman ( cont 'd ) this be about Richard Nixon . you get people die because he do not make the varsity football team . you get the constitution hang by a thread because the " Old man " go to whittier and not to Yale . ( then ) and what the hell be this " Bay of Pigs " thing ? he go white every time it get mention . haldeman , more bother than he pretend , look around . haldeman it 's a code or something . ehrlichman I figure that out . haldeman ( low whisper ) I think he mean the Kennedy assassination . ehrlichman yeah ? haldeman they go after castro . in some crazy way it get turn on Kennedy . I do not think the " p " know what happen , but he 's afraid to find out . it 's get he shitting peach pit . ehrlichman Christ , we create frankenstein with that fuck cuban . haldeman sigh , let he guard down . haldeman eight word back in ' 72 -- " I cover up . I be wrong . I be sorry " -- and the american public would have forgiven he . but we never open we mouth , John . we fail he . ehrlichman Dick Nixon say " I be sorry " ? that will be the day . the whole suit of armor would fall off . haldeman so you tell Mitchell ... ext . WASHINGTON D.C. bridge - night JOHN dean stand at the center of the bridge , look down the potomac . reporter ( v.o. ) lyndon Johnson pass away today at 74 -- one of the most tragic of american president ... hunt ( o.s. ) you be early , John . Dean jump . turn . howard hunt be stand behind he . dean I be sorry to hear about you wife . hunt ( a look ) yes ... I get the money . dean the President would like to know if that be the last payment . hunt I will bet he would . dean be it ? hunt ( a beat ) in Richard Nixon 's long history of underhanded dealing , he have never get better value for he money . if I be to open my mouth , all the domino would fall . hunt start to walk away . dean can I ask you a question ? hunt turn . dean ( cont 'd ) how the hell do you have the temerity to blackmail the President of the United States ? hunt that 's not the question , John . the question be : why be he pay ? dean to protect he people . hunt I be one of he people . the cuban be he people . and we be go to jail for he . dean Howard , you will serve no more than two year , then he will pardon you . hunt ( light he pipe ) John , sooner or later -- sooner , I think -- you be go to learn the lesson that have be learn by everyone who have ever get close to Richard Nixon . that he 's the darkness reach out for the darkness . and eventually , it 's either you or he . look at the landscape of he life and you will see a boneyard . hunt throw a match into the river . hunt ( cont 'd ) ... and he 's already digging you grave , John . int . the white house - corridor - day JOHN dean , look glum , walk down the corridor for he meeting with the President . pass the secretary who look at he -- that furtive look of people who sense crisis . reporter ( v.o. ) FBI director - designate , L. Patrick Gray , shocked the Senate by revealing that John Dean have be secretly receive FBI report on watergate ... Gray also say that Dean lie when he claim Howard hunt do not have a office in the White House ... int . the white house - oval office - day subtitle read : " MARCH 1973 " dean be explain he new outlook to a quiet nixon . dean ... this be just the sort of thing mafia people can do -- wash money , and thing like that . we just do not know about this thing because we be not criminal . on Nixon listen behind he desk , hand cup over he mouth , frown across he face -- the classic Nixon image of a deep thinker . the camera drop across he desk . and move towards a mike drill in the edge of the desk . intercut to : int . file room - basement - day a bank of tape recorder label " oval Office , " " lincoln room , " " phone 1 - 6 , " " eob , " be roll . back to scene at option : nixon how much do you need ? dean uh , I would say this people be go to cost a million dollar over the next two year ... nixon we could get that . dean uh huh ... nixon we could get a million dollar . we could get it in cash . I know where it could be get . intercut : the tape roll . dean ( pause ) I be still not confident we can ride through this . some people be go to have to go to jail . hunt 's not the only problem . haldeman let I use the $ 350,000 cash fund in he safe to make the payment . ehrlichman have a role , a big role , in the ellsberg break - in . and I be ... uh , I think it 's time we begin to think in term of cut we loss . nixon ( worried about Dean ) you say , John , cut we loss and all the rest . but suppose the thing blow and they indict Bob and the other . Jesus , you would never recover from that , John . it 's better to fight it out instead , and not let people testify ... dean Sir , I still do not think , uh , we can contain it anymore . there 's a cancer on the presidency . and it 's grow . with every day that ... nixon Jesus , everything be a crisis among the upper intellectual type , the softhead . the average people do not think it 's much of a crisis . for Christ 's sake , it 's not Vietnam ... no one 's die here . be not it ridiculous ? dean I agree it 's ridiculous but -- nixon I mean , who the hell care about this penny - ante shit . goldwater put it right . he say : " well for Christ 's sake , everybody bug everybody else ; we know that . " ... it 's the cover - up , not the deed that 's really bad here . ( then ) if only Mitchell could step up and take the brunt of it ; give they the hor d'oeuvre and maybe they will not come back for the main course . that 's the tragedy of all this . Mitchell 's go to get it in the neck anyway . it 's time he assume some responsibility . Dean have a nervous look in he eye . dean he will not . he tell ehrlichman he will not . a lightning - like image reveal mitchell , respond to ehrlichman . this be Nixon 's mind at work . mitchell you tell brother Dick I get sucker into this thing by not pay attention to what this bastard be do . I do not have a guilty conscience ... and he should not either . Nixon glance towards the microphone as he move around the desk to get closer to Dean . nixon ( loud and clear ) he 's right . maybe it 's time to go to the hang - out route , John . a full and thorough investigation ... we have cooperate with the FBI , we will cooperate with the Senate . what do we have to hide ? dean ( prompt ) no , we have nothing to hide . nixon ( repeat ) we have nothing to hide . ( then ) but the only flaw in the plan be that they be not go to believe the truth . that be the incredible thing ! Dean , who be worried about he own hide if the truth come out , see the point of this . dean I agree . it 's tricky . everything seem to lead back here , and , uh ... people would never understand . Nixon awkwardly put he arm around Dean 's shoulder . Dean begin to sense a betrayal in the off . nixon John , I want you to get away from this madhouse , this reporter , and go up to Camp David for the weekend . and I want you to write up a report . I want you to put everything you know about watergate in there . say : Mr. President , here it all be . another lightning - like image be Nixon 's worst fear -- JOHN dean be at the table , plea-bargain with two prosecutor , they back to we . dean ( v.o. ) you want I to put it all in write ? over my signature ? nixon ( v.o. ) nobody know more about this thing than you do , John . a pause . dean I be not go to be the scapegoat for this . haldeman and ehrlichman be in just as deep as I . nixon John , you do not want to start down that road . I remember what whittaker Chambers tell I back in ' 48 -- and he be a man who suffer greatly -- he say , " on the road of the informer , it 's always night . " ( then ) this be beyond you or even I . it 's the country , John . it 's the presidency . dean I understand that , sir . nixon good . you know how I feel about loyalty . I be not go to let any of my people go to jail . that I promise you . ( move closer ) the important thing be to keep this away from haldeman and ehrlichman . I be trust you to do that , John . I have complete confidence in you . off Dean 's face we : CUT to : television screen - nixon - night ( 1973 ) nixon on the tv screen , shake , ashen - face . nixon ( on tv ) I be determine that we should get to the bottom of watergate , and the truth should be fully bring out no matter who be involved ... int . CIA - helms' office - night ( 1973 ) richard helm , absently watch nixon on tv , carry a handful of document to a CIA incinerator . he drop they in the fire , watch they burn . nixon ( on tv ) ( struggle ) today , in one of the most difficult decision of my presidency , I accept the resignation of two of my close associate -- Bob haldeman and John ehrlichman -- two of the finest public servant it have be my privilege to know ... the counsel to the President , John Dean , have also resign . close on helm burn document . limbo - haldeman watch tv , he wife and child next to he . he think back to : int . exec office bldg - nixon office - night ( flashback ) haldeman 's mind -- the last one - to - one session . haldeman leave the office , look back over he shoulder at nixon alone in the gather shadow . haldeman more light , chief ? nixon ( distract , wave ) no ... haldeman exit . back to scene : nixon ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) ... there can be no whitewash at the White House ... two wrong do not make a right . I love America . God bless America and God bless each and every one of you . haldeman ( to himself ) Sir ... six body . his wife put she hand on he knee in support . he squeeze she hand . limbo - ehrlichman also watch , with family . int . the white house - oval office - night nixon sit at he desk , hold a rigid expression . floor manager ( o.s. ) and ... we be clear . we stay on Nixon as the film light go off , leave he in shadow . he be devastate . alexander haig , Nixon 's new chief - of-staff , see earlier , watch Nixon for a moment , turn to a video crew . haig ( softly ) out . int . the white house - dine room - night ( 1973 ) nixon at one end of the lengthy table , PAT at the other , eat in a dreadful silence , attend by manolo and servant who move nervously , anxious to have the dinner over with . PAT ( at last ) I be give a tea for the wife of the pow . Nixon do not respond . PAT ( cont 'd ) be you go to Key biscayne ? Nixon do not look up . nixon yes . PAT when ? nixon tomorrow . PAT ron tell I that Bob haldeman 's be call . but you will not talk to he ... if he 's convict , will you pardon he ? nixon no . she look at he . PAT ... why be you cut yourself off from the rest of we ? ( then ) can not we discuss this ? Nixon slowly set he spoon down . a icy stare . nixon what exactly do you want to discuss , Pat ? PAT you . what ' you be do -- nixon ( interrupt ) and what be I do ? PAT I wish I know . you be hide . nixon hiding what ? PAT whatever it be you have always be hide . you be let it destroy you , Dick . you will not even ask for help . you be destroy yourself , Dick . Nixon pause , ring the dinner bell . manolo reappear at the door . nixon Mrs. Nixon be finish . Pat look as if she 's be slap ; slowly put down she silverware . manolo clear away she plate . PAT I be the only leave , Dick . if you do not talk to I , you ... nixon brezhnev 's come in three day . I do not want to deal with they . and he . and you . Pat sit rigid for a moment . PAT how much more ? how much more be it go to cost ? when do the rest of we stop pay off you debt ? Nixon put down he fork , embarrassed . manolo have beat a hasty retreat . nixon I would like to finish my dinner in peace . it 's not too much to ask . Pat stand slowly . PAT no , it be not . I will not interfere with you anymore . I be finish try . nixon thank you . PAT ( incredulous ) thank you ? ( then ) Dick , sometimes I understand why they hate you . Nixon watch she walk out the door . then , he pick up he fork and continue eat . senator SAM ervin ( v.o. ) ( drawl ) the Senate Select Committee on watergate will come to order ... a gavel pound o.s. int . the white house - haig be office - day nixon staffer be gather around haig 's tv set at as we : crosscut to : int . committee chamber - ( see only on tv ) - day ( 1973 ) JOHN dean read he statement to the committee . conservatively groom , horn -rimm glass , short hair , Dean speak in a monotone . a pretty blond woman , he wife , sit noticeably behind he . dean ( on tv ) ... it be a tremendous disappointment to I because it be quite clear that the cover - up , as far as the White House be concerned , be go to continue ... staffer lying sack of shit ! Little mommy 's boy -- go tell the teacher , will ya ... haig look at Dean on tv , shake he head , disgust , and go out . haig the weasel 's get no proof . just remember that it 's still a informer 's word against the President 's . int . the white house - corridor - day haig walk past staff into the oval Office . dean ( on tv ) ( dron on ) ... it be apparent to I I have fail in turn the President around ... I reach the conclusion that ehrlichman would never admit to he involvement in the cover - up ... I assume that haldeman would not , because he would believe it be a higher duty to protect the President ... int . the white house - oval office - day ( 1973 ) haig slide into the room where nixon and leonid brewhnev , Premier of the ussr , be engage in a friendly meeting through a interpreter . andrei gromyko complete the glum Soviet threesome . brewhnev ( in Russian ) ... mao tell I in 1963 : " if I have nuclear weapon , let 400 million chinese die , 300 million will be leave . " ( lean closer ) mao suffer from a mental disorder ; we know this a long time in my country . ( then ) this be the man you want to be you ally ? nixon he be you ally for twenty year , leonid . brewhnev ( make a funny gesture ) yes , yes , Dick . life be always the best teacher , you know this -- and you too will discover how treacherous he can be . but it must not interfere with the building of a salt ii treaty between we great country . peace in we era be possible ... Nixon look to haig , who whisper something in he ear . nixon Excuse I , Mr. Chairman . Nixon and haig move to a corner of the room , whisper . brewhnev ( to gromyko ) if haldeman and ehrlichman be indicted , it will wound he , perhaps fatally . gromyko that depend on who they believe -- Nixon or Dean . brezhnev look at Nixon , who be visibly shake . brewhnev ( shake he head ) incredible . he look like a man with little time leave . int . the white house - nixon bedroom - night ( 1973 ) Nixon 's daughter , julie , earnest , bright - eye , look at she father . julie ( hesitantly ) do you ... daddy ? do you cover it up ? nixon look at she steadily . nixon do you think I would do something like that , honey ? Julie shake she head vigorously , then put she hand to she eye . julie then you can not resign ! you just can not . you be one of the best president this country 's ever have ! you have do what lincoln do . you have bring this country back from civil war ! you can not let you enemy tear you down ! ( calmer ) you have get to stay and fight . I will go out there and make speech , dad . no one know the real you . how sweet you be , how nice you be to people . I will tell they . she embrace he almost desperately , kissing he on the forehead , cry . julie ( cont 'd ) daddy , you be the most decent person I know . nixon ( over she shoulder ) I hope I have not let you down . julie ( hugging he through she tear ) they just do not know ; they do not know the real you . on Nixon - close . int . the white house - pat' bedroom - day ( 1973 ) PAT be still wear she nightdress , coffee and cigarette in hand , as she press secretary , helen smith , run through a sheaf of papers . a television drone in the background . smith ( cheery ) ... and on Friday we have the high school student from Ohio , Saturday be the woman 's National Republican Club ... newscaster 1 ( v.o. ) in a development that could break watergate wide open , Alexander butterfield , testify today before the Senate Select Committee , reveal the existence of a taping system that may have record conversation in the White House , the eob , and the Camp David retreat ... Pat glance up over the top of she glass . smith and on Sunday you be say hello to the vfw poppy girl ... she realize Pat be not listen . smith ( cont 'd ) Mrs. Nixon ... ? Close : on Pat as she slowly raise a hand to she lip . newscaster 1 ( v.o. ) White House source say that over the past three year , President Nixon have record virtually every conversation he have have , include that with he staff , and even member of he own family ... Pat be horrify . int . the white house - nixon's bedroom - day nixon sit in he bed , alone , still in he pajamas . it 's clear he have not sleep . he look shell - shocked . newscaster 1 ( v.o. ) this be a stun revelation . if such tape exist , they could tell we once and for all : what do the President know and when do he know it ... the camera close on nixon . his deep secret be now be reveal . he begin cough violently . he try to cover he mouth , but notice now that he hand and the sheet around he be cover with blood . he scream , terrify . nixon oh God - Pat ! hard CUT to : int . bethesda naval hospital - corridor - day ( 1973 ) nixon on a gurney , be wheeled down a hospital corridor . PAT , wear dark sunglass , be with he , very concerned . a plastic mask be over he face . he struggle to get up , but a nurse gently press he back down . secret service agent surround the gurney . haig clear the corridor nervously . haig clear the path ! the President be come through . clear a path . I be in charge here . PAT get the doctor 's attention on the move . PAT ( privately ) be it TB ? doctor no . he 's sure he have tuberculosis . doctor no , it 's a acute viral pneumonia . ( lower he voice ) but that 's not what we be worried about . we find a inflammation in he leave leg . it 's phlebitis ... close on Nixon , eye close ; the overhead light reflect in the mask . reporter ( v.o. ) watergate special prosecutor Archibald Cox have broaden he investigation to include President 's Nixon 's business dealing and house payment . Nixon apparently pay no income tax in the year 1970 , ' 71 and ' 72 ... and may have illegally use government fund to improve he San clemente western White House . haig hold open the door as the orderlies push Nixon into the respiratory unit . int . bethesda naval hospital - respiratory unit - day a doctor and nurse remove the mask from nixon be face . reporter ( v.o. ) Attorney General elliot Richardson will present evidence to a grand jury that vice President agnew be guilty of bribery , extortion and tax evasion ... Nixon immediately start gasp . he again try to rise , but hand push he back . the doctor fit the mouthpiece of the respirator into Nixon 's mouth . image of the Beast pervade the room . Nixon begin breathe ... his eye go past PAT to ... image of the past - of he parent , frank , hannah , little arthur , harold ... the grocery store . intercut with : ext . STREET - day martha mitchell be act strangely behind enormous sunglass -- at a impromptu interview on the STREET . martha ... can you keep a secret , honey ? tween you , I and the gatepost , tricky Dick always know what be go on ... every last goddamn detail . and my husband 's not take the rap this time ... they know they can not shut I up , so they will probably end up kill I , but I depend on you , the press , to protect I ... and my husband , because that 's what it 's go to come to ... ext . STREET - day JOHN mitchell , angry , beleaguere , bypass camera outside a courthouse . mitchell she do not know what she 's talk about . stop bother she . she 's not well . Hell , she 's nut -- you bastard have see to that . ( brush past another question ) you can stick it right up you keester , fella . we marriage be finish , thank you very much ... he push on . back to : int . bethesda naval hospital - respiratory unit nixon in the hospital , breathe . reporter ( v.o. ) Archibald Cox declare war on President Nixon today by issue a subpoena for nine of the President 's tape ... nixon ( v.o. ) ( yell ) never ! over my dead body ! int . the white house - west wing corridor - day ( 1973 ) nixon , he leg swollen , limp down the corridor , furious . haig walk with he , ziegler and the lawyer , buzhardt , bring up the rear . haig clear the corridor of potential eavesdropper . nixon it 's the President 's personal property ! I will never give up my tape to a bunch of Kennedy -love Harvard Democrat cocksucker ! haig this could trigger the impeachment . they will go to the Supreme Court next . nixon let them try ! I appoint three of that bastard ! I be not give them my tape ! haig can the president afford to ignore a subpoena ? nixon who the fuck do Cox think he be ? ( fume ) I never make a dime from public office ! I be honest . my dad die break . you know the sonofabitch go to law school with Jack Kennedy ? ... the last gasp of the establishment ! they get the hell kick out of them in the election , so now they gotta squeal about watergate ' cause we be the first real threat to they in year . and by God , Al , we would have change it , change it so they could not have change it back in a hundred year , if only ... haig Congress be consider four article of impeachment , sir . nixon for what ?! buzhardt Sir , the charge be serious -- first , abuse of power ; second , obstruction of justice ; third , failure to cooperate with Congress ; and last , bombing Cambodia ... nixon they can not impeach I for bombing Cambodia . the President can bomb anybody he want . ziegler that 's true ... buzhardt Sir , we will win that one , but the other three ... nixon you know , Fred , they sell ticket . ziegler Sir ? nixon they sell ticket to a impeachment . like a fuck circus ... okay , so they impeach I . then it 's a question of mathematics . how many vote do we have in the Senate ? a beat . then : haig about a dozen . nixon ( wounded ) a dozen ? I get half of them elect . I still get the South and goldwater and he boy . I will take my chance with the Senate . ziegler we should ... haig then we will have to deal with the possibility of removal from office , loss of pension , possibly ... prison . nixon shit , plenty of people do they best write in prison . Gandhi , lenin ... ziegler that 's right . nixon ( beat , glower darkly ) what I know about this country , I ... I could rip it apart . if they want a public humiliation , that 's what they will get . but I will never resign this office . where the fuck be I ? they look at he strangely . they have stop at the door of the East room . the SOUND of voice and violin play inside . nixon ( cont 'd ) ( to Ziegler ) what 's in there ? ziegler pow . and they family . nixon so I be suppose to be ... ziegler compassionate . grateful . nixon proud ? ziegler ( confuse ) Sir ? nixon of they . ziegler yes , yes . nixon ( back to haig , bitterly ) Fire he . haig who ? nixon Cox ! Fire he . haig but he work for the Attorney General . only Richardson can fire he . buzhardt ( concerned ) Sir , if I may ... echo my concern ... nixon ( ignore buzhardt , to haig ) then tell Richardson to fire he . haig Richardson will not do that . he will resign . nixon the hell he will ! Fire he , too . if you have to go all the way down to the janitor at the justice Department , fire the sonofabitch ! and ... ziegler he ask for it . haig May I just say something , sir ? I think you should welcome the subpoena . the tape can only prove that Dean be a liar . ziegler that 's right , sir . a moment . nixon there 's more ... there 's more than just I . you can not break , my boy , even when there 's nothing leave . you can not admit , even to yourself , that it 's go , al. ( point to the East room ) do you think that pow in there do ? ziegler no , sir ... nixon now some people , we both know they , Al , think you can go stand in the middle of the bullring and cry , " mea culpa , meat culpa , " while the crowd be hiss and boo and spitting on you . but a man do not cry . ( then ) I do not cry . you do not cry ... you fight ! intercut soft image over nixon be pound at football . Nixon straighten himself , put on a smile , nod to Ziegler . Ziegler open the door . a roar of cheer and martial music greet the President , as he disappear inside . television screen - NBC logo - limbo announcer we interrupt this program for a special report from NBC News . a reporter appear , stunne . reporter ( on tv ) the country tonight be in the midst of what may be the most serious constitutional crisis in history . in the wake of vice President spiro agnew 's force resignation on charge of corruption , President Nixon have fire special prosecutor Archibald Cox . documentary image - ARCHIBALD cox walk in the street , have hear the news , smile . reporter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Attorney General elliot Richards have resign rather than comply with the President 's order , and deputy Attorney General William ruckelshaus be fire when he refuse to carry out the order ... documentary image - FBI agent carry box of file out of the special prosecutor 's office . ruckelshaus get into a car , refuse to comment . elliot richardson move down the gauntlet of reporter . we CUT back to the reporter on camera , grim . reporter ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) tonight , the country , without a vice President , stand poise at a crossroad -- have a government of law become a government of one man ? ext . the white house - night ( 1973 ) as before , the black iron bar . the facade of the mansion . the light in the second floor . we move in slowly . int . the white house - lincoln sitting room - night ( 1973 ) nixon be really drunk now , listen to some gibberish on the tape . we move in on he profile , frame by lincoln in the background . we should not be able to make out the voice -- occasional word like " castro , " " Kennedy . " but that 's about it ... nothing more . and as we move closer on Nixon , bleary - eye , we should feel he have no idea , either , of what he 's listen to . it 's just ... noise . PAT 's voice cut in . she 's stand at the doorway . she 's be drink too , but be sharp . PAT they be like love letter . you should burn they . Nixon , startle , try to shut off the tape , but he hit the wrong button and we hear high - speed voice in reverse . PAT ( cont 'd ) why do not you ? nixon ( slur ) you can not expect I to explain that to you . PAT what matter to I be whether you understand it . a beat . he finally get the tape stop . nixon they be evidence . you can not legally destroy evidence . Pat stare at he . PAT you do not expect I to believe that for one minute , do you ? ( then ) do it matter what 's on they ? really ? ... murder , Dick ? sex ? you secret , you fantasy ? or just I and you and ... nixon do not be ridiculous ! PAT I remember alger hiss . I know how ugly you can be -- you be capable of anything . but you see , it do not really matter , at the end of the day , what 's on they . because you have absolutely no remorse . no concept of remorse . you want the tape to get out , you want they to see you at you worst ... nixon you be drunk ! Pat laugh , " yeah , I be . " nixon ( cont 'd ) no one will ever see that tape . include you ! a beat . PAT and what would I find out that I have not know for year . ( then ) what make it so damn sad be that you could not confide in any of we . you have to make a record ... for the whole world . nixon they be for I . they be mine . PAT no . they be not yours . they be you . you should burn they . she turn and walk out . Nixon be turbulent , upset . he turn and suddenly see the ghost of he young mother , hannah , sit there in the shadow , stare at he . he jump . that eye of hers . penetrate , gaze right through he . hannah what have change in thee , Richard ... when thou be a boy ... nixon ( blurt out ) no! please ! do not talk to I ! anything ... but do not talk to I . a sharp CUT snap we from the reverie , and Nixon be alone in he sit room , the door close , the voice on the tape dron . he downs pill with the scotch . nixon ( on tape ) ( cont 'd ) ... this guy go after castro . Seven time , ten time ... what do you think -- people like that , they just give up ? they just walk away ? ( then ) whoever kill Kennedy come from this ... this thing we create . this Beast ... that 's why we can not let this thing go any farther . he look over at the recorder , slowly turn . he push " stop " and then run it back on " Rewind . " High -speed voice . he push " stop " again . a series of time cut show Nixon get drunker , play all section of the tape . the camera close on the tape machine . it 's all a blur as we hear a hum grow louder and louder , as we inch in on a abstract close - up of the tape move across the capstan . reporter ( v.o . ) in the latest bombshell , the President 's lawyer reveal that there be a eighteen - and - a-half minute gap in a critical watergate tape ... int . the white house - west wing - day ( 1974 ) a frenzy of paperwork as the president's lawyer -- buzhardt and ST . clair -- sit hunch around a table pile with transcript , help by two young assistant . nixon be aghast as he read some of the highlight section . haig and ziegler attend . reporter 1 ( v.o. ) ... in a attempt to head off impeachment proceedings , the President have agree to release transcript of forty - six tape conversation ... reporter 2 ( v.o. ) ... in a simple ceremony , Gerald Ford be swear in as vice President . a longtime , popular member of Congress , Ford reinforce a sense of ... reporter 3 ( v.o. ) ... cite White House wrong -do , the judge have dismiss all charge against Daniel ellsberg . reporter 4 ( v.o. ) ... the grand jury have indicted former Nixon aide Bob haldeman , John ehrlichman and former Attorney General John Mitchell ... Nixon shake the paper in the face of buzhardt and St. Clair . nixon you be lawyer . how can you let this shit go by ! ( point ) look ! this ? Nixon can not say this . buzhardt you do say it , sir . nixon never . I never say that about Jews ! buzhardt glance at St. Clair . buzhardt we could check the tape again , sir . nixon you do not need to check the tape . I know what I say . he grab the Magic marker out of the lawyer 's hand and furiously black out a entire section . nixon ( cont 'd ) and this ?! good Lord , have you lose you mind ? Nixon can not say this . " niggers " ! ziegler well , we could delete it . ST . clair we be do the best we can , sir . nixon well , it 's not good enough ... ST . clair we can black it out . ziegler or we could write " expletive delete . " nixon ... and get rid of all this " goddamn " and " Jesus christ " ! ST . clair Sir , all this deletion mark in the transcript will make it look you swear all the time . Nixon grow cold , stare steadily at St. Clair . nixon for Christ 's sake , it soil my mother 's memory . do you think I want the whole goddamn world to see my mother like this ? raising a dirty mouth ! buzhardt but sir , we will have to start over from the beginning . we do not have the staff to ... Nixon lose it , sweep the pile of transcript off the table . they fly around the office . nixon ( scream ) then start over ! the world will see only what I show they . from page one ! int . the white house - oval office - night ( 1974 ) nixon sit at he desk , grimace tightly into the tv camera . next to he be a stack of blue binder emblazon with the presidential seal . nixon good evening , my fellow Americans . tonight I be take a action unprecedented in the history of this office ... int . the white house - haig be office - night ( 1974 ) kissinger and haig watch nixon on television . they share a drink . nixon ( on tv ) ... a action that will at last , once and for all , show that what I know and what I do with regard to the watergate break - in and cover - up be just as I have describe they to you from the very beginning ... haig he 's completely lose touch with reality . nixon ( on tv ) I have no knowledge of the cover - up until John Dean tell I about it on March twenty - first . and I do not intend that payment to hunt or anyone else be make ... kissinger can you imagine what this man would have be have he ever be love ? nixon ( on tv ) ... because people have get to know whether or not they President be a crook . well , I be not a crook . I have never make a dime from public service ... kissinger oh God , I be go to throw up . haig they will crucify he ... kissinger turn to haig . kissinger do anybody care anymore ? ( then ) what happen after ... ? they share a look . intercut to : int . the white house - pat' bedroom - night PAT sit alone , drink , as the television drone on with the latest invasion of she privacy . as we move in , we see the spirit draw out of she . she seem numb . ext . the white house - documentary image - night ( 1974 ) reporter ( v.o. ) the Supreme Court rule today eight - to zero that President Nixon 's claim of " executive privilege " can not be use in criminal case , and that he must turn over all subpoena tape ... a firestorm on Capitol Hill as ... int . the white house - corridor & stair - night ( 1974 ) subtitle read : " JULY 1974 , " over empty shot of a empty house , fill with gloom and dread . the footstep of two silhouettes crack the silence as they make they way towards the lincoln sitting room . it be a eerie echo of the film 's open shot of the White House . the silhouettes now become apparent as general haig and henry kissinger . reporter ( v.o . ) ... the House Judiciary Committee have vote twenty - seven - to -eleven to recommend impeachment to the full House . the deliberation now go to the House floor ... in its report , the Committee offer evidence that Nixon obstruct justice on at least thirty six occasion , that he encourage he aide to commit perjury , and that he abuse the power of he office ... in a separate report , the Senate Select Committee detail the misus of the IRS , the FBI , the CIA and the justice Department . it denounce the plumber , and it raise question of whether the United States have a valid election in 1972 . high angle - haig knock and enter the lincoln sitting room . a shaft of light from inside zigzag the darkness . and we hear a snatch of loud music before the door be close . int . the white house - lincoln sitting room - night ( 1974 ) nixon sit in he chair in a suit and tie , listen to " Victory at Sea " at top volume . in front of he be a picture album -- 1922 portrait of the nixon family . harold hold arthur . richard stare glumly at the camera between hannah and frank . general haig , with kissinger behind , approach with some papers hold out in he hand . Nixon see they , turn down the hi-fi . nixon " Victory at Sea , " Al ... Henry . the Pacific theatre . Christ , you can almost feel the wave break over the deck . haig I be afraid we have another problem , Mr. President . he hand he a paper . Nixon glance at it . haig ( cont 'd ) June twenty - third , ' 72 , sir . the part that 's underline . you instruction to haldeman regard the CIA and the FBI . nixon so ? haig you lawyer feel it 's the ... " smoking gun . " nixon it 's totally out of context . I be protect the national security . I never intend -- haig Sir , the deadline be today . nixon can we get around this , Al ? haig it 's the Supreme Court , sir ; you do not get around it . Nixon , silence , look down at the paper in he hand and sigh . haig ( cont 'd ) if you resign , you can keep you tape as a private citizen ... you can fight they for year . nixon and if I stay ? a long moment . haig you have the army . Nixon look up at he , then over at Henry . nixon the army ? haig lincoln use it . nixon that be civil war . haig how do you see this ? Nixon close he eye . haig take the transcript back . haig ( cont 'd ) we can not survive this , sir . they also have you instruct Dean to make the payoff to hunt . nixon there be nothing in that statement the President can not explain . haig Sir , you talk about open up the whole " Bay of Pigs " thing again . nixon that 's right ... haig Three day before , on the June twentieth tape -- the one with the eighteen - minute gap -- nixon ( interrupt ) I do not know anything about that . haig ( continue ) ... you mention the " Bay of Pigs " several time . sooner or later they be go to want to know what that mean . they be go to want to know what be on that gap ... nixon it 's go . no one will ever find out what 's on it . haig move closer and lean down , very low , whisper . haig they might ... if there be another ... recording . Nixon glance up at he . haig ( cont 'd ) we both know it 's possible . ( then ) I know for a fact it 's possible . Nixon stare up at he . haig ( cont 'd ) I have speak to Ford ... and there 's a very strong chance he will pardon you ... haig hand he a letter of resignation . insert : " I hereby resign the office of President of the United States . " haig ( cont 'd ) this be something you will have to do , Mr. President . I think you would rather do it now ... I will wait outside . haig drift out as kissinger come out of the shadow . Nixon look down blankly at the sheet of paper in front of he . kissinger May I say , sir , if you stay now it will paralyze the nation and its foreign policy ... Nixon look up at kissinger . the juda himself -- at least one of they . there be irony here that be apparent to Nixon but not to kissinger . nixon yes , you always have a good sense of timing , Henry . when to give and when to take . how do you think mao , brezhnev will react ? ( sit up , suddenly intense ) do you think this be how they will remember I , Henry , after all the great thing you and I do together ? as some kind of ... of ... crook ? kissinger ( prepare response ) they will understand , sir . to be undone by a third - rate burglary be a fate of biblical proportion . History will treat you far more kindly than you contemporary . nixon that depend who write the history book . I be not a quitter ... but I be not stupid either ... a trial would kill I -- that 's what they want . ( with some satisfaction ) but they will not get it . he sign the resignation paper . a pause . it lie there . kissinger ( grandiosely ) if they harass you , I , too , will resign . and I will tell the world why . nixon do not be stupid . the world need you , Henry ; you always see the big picture . you be my equal in many way . ( then ) you be the only friend I have get , Henry . kissinger you have many friend ... and admirer ... nixon do you ever pray ? you know ... believe in a Supreme be ? kissinger uh ... not really . you mean on my knee ? nixon yes . my mother use to pray ... a lot . it 's be a long time since I really pray . ( a little lose ) let 's pray , Henry ; let 's pray a little . as Nixon get down on he knee , kissinger perspire freely . he clumsily follow the President down to the floor . nixon ( cont 'd ) ... uh , I hope this do not embarrass you . kissinger not at all . this be not go to leak , be it ? nixon ( look at Henry ) do not be too proud ; never be too proud to go on you knee before God . he pray silently , then suddenly he sob . nixon ( cont 'd ) dear God ! dear God , how can a country come apart like this ! what have I do wrong ... ? kissinger be experience pure dread , he shirt soak with sweat . he open he eye and peek at Nixon . nixon ( cont 'd ) ... I open China . I make peace with Russia . I end the war . I try to do what 's right ! why ... why do they hate I so ! a silence . Nixon wrap he arm across he chest and rock back and forth in a upright fetal position . kissinger , look very distress , reach over and touch the President , try awkwardly to console he . nixon ( cont 'd ) ( woozily at he hand ) it 's unbelievable , it 's insane ... on that note , we : CUT to : ext . the white house - corridor & entry - night ( 1974 ) a solitary sentinel -- a Marine Guard -- stand at strict attention , eye forward , as we hear the voice of : the three silhouettes of nixon , kissinger and haig walk out . high angle allow we to hear they voice echoing off the empty room , and sometimes catch a glimpse of a pass face . from the voice we can tell that Nixon have resume he customary bluffness , a sense of bravado in the face of defeat . nixon ( o.s. ) ... they smell the blood on I this time , Al . I get soft . you know ... that rusty , metallic smell ... haig ( o.s. ) I know it well , sir . nixon ( o.s. ) it come over from Vietnam , you know . haig ( o.s. ) Sir ? nixon ( o.s. ) that smell . I mean , everybody suffer so much , they son kill . they need to sacrifice something , y'know , appease the god of war -- Mars , Jupiter . I be that blood , General . I be that sacrifice , in the high place of all ... all leader must finally be sacrifice . they turn a corner , come into more light . nixon ( cont 'd ) thing will not be the same after this . I play by the rule , but the rule change right in the middle of the game ... there 's no respect for american institution anymore . people be cynical , the press -- God , the press -- be out of control , people spit on soldier , government secret mean nothing ... Nixon separate from haig and kissinger who bid he a last " Mr. President . " nixon ( cont 'd ) ( remote ) I pity the next guy who sit here ... goodnight , gentleman ... haig and kissinger depart . Nixon shuffles back alone , come to a stop in front of a larger - than -life , full - length oil portrait of JOHN f. kennedy . Nixon study the portrait , pad closer . look up . nixon ( cont 'd ) when they look at you , they see what they want to be . ( then ) when they look at I , they see what they be ... PAT , overhear , come from the shadow in a nightgown . she look weary , craze . PAT Dick , please do not ... he half turn to she . he be unshaven , eye red-rimme , a wounded animal who can no longer defend himself . nixon I can not ... I just do not have the strength anymore ... his voice trail off . for a moment , it look like he 's go to collapse . Pat move toward he to support he . PAT it will be over soon . nixon no ... it 's just go to start now ... ( look into she eye ) if I could just ... if I could just ... sleep . PAT there will be time for that . he 's barely aware of she . nixon once ... when I be sick , as a boy ... my mother give I this stuff ... make I swallow it ... it make I throw up . all over she ... I wish I could do that now ... Pat put she arm around he . nixon ( cont 'd ) I be afraid , buddy ... there 's darkness out there . Pat be cry now . she try to soothe he , stroke he brow like a sick child . nixon ( cont 'd ) I could always see where I be go . but it 's dark out there . God , I have always be afraid of the dark ... buddy ... Nixon break down . she slowly lead he up the grand staircase -- into the shadow of history . int . the white house - east room - day the epilogue and end credit run over nixon as he address the assemble white house staff . PAT and the family flank he . nixon ... I remember my old man , I think they would have call he a little man , a common man . he do not consider himself that way . he be a streetcar motorman first , and then he be a farmer , and then he have a lemon ranch . it be the poorest lemon ranch in California , I assure you . he sell it before they find oil on it . image of frank and hannah nixon now arise in Nixon 's consciousness -- a past he would never really connect he own life to . as if it be a storybook , a fable America that never be . the music should , in a sense , accentuate this divorce of sentiment from reality . nixon ( cont 'd ) ... and then he be a grocer . but he be a great man because he do he job , and every job count up to the hilt , regardless of what happen ... nobody will ever write a book , probably , about my mother . well , I guess all of you would say this about you mother : my mother be a saint . and I think of she , two boy die of tuberculosis and see each of they die , and when they die ... yes , she will have no book write about she . but she be a saint ... but now , however , we look to the future . Nixon be hold himself together by sheer force of will . many member of he staff be weep . he pull a old well - leaf book open , put a set of eyeglass on to read from it , the first time he 's ever wear they in public . nixon ( cont 'd ) ... I remember something Theodore Roosevelt write when he first wife die . he be still a young man , in he twenty , and this be in he diary -- " t.r . " -- ... " she be beautiful in face and form and lovelier still in spirit ... when she have just become a mother , when she life seem to be just begin , and when the year seem so bright before she , then by a strange and terrible fate death come to she . and when my heart 's dearest die , the light go from my life forever ... " that be " t.r. " in he twenty . he think the light have go from he life forever . he put down the book , nearly crack . nixon ( cont 'd ) ... but of course he go on to become President , sometimes right , sometimes wrong , always in the arena , always vital ... we sometimes think , when thing happen that do not go the right way , we think that when someone dear to we die , when we lose a election , when we suffer a defeat , that all be end ... but that 's not true . it be only a beginning , always ; because the greatness come not when thing always go good for you , but the greatness come , and you be really test , when you take some knock , some disappointment , when sadness come ... because only if you have be in the deep valley can you ever know how magnificent it be to be on the high mountain ... to have serve in this office be to have feel a very personal sense of kinship with each and every american . in leave it , I do so with this prayer . May God 's grace be with you in all the day ahead . ext . the white house - day a marine corp helicopter wait at the end of a red carpet . nixon and PAT make they way towards it , follow by family . nixon ( v.o. ) ... remember : always give you best , never get discourage , never be petty . always remember : other may hate you , but that who hate you do not win unless you hate they ... and then you destroy yourself . they climb the step and Nixon turn on the top step and smile bravely . then he wave good - bye . nixon ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... only then will you find what we quaker call " peace at the center . " au revoir -- we will see you again ! he raise he arm in he characteristic twin- V salute . and we : fade out . epilogue run over a dark screen epilogue Nixon always maintain that if he have not be drive from office , the North vietnamese would not have overwhelm the South in 1975 . in a sideshow , cambodian society be destroy and mass genocide result . in he absence , Russia and the United States return to a decade of high - budget military expansion and near-war . Nixon , who be pardon by President Ford , live to write six book and travel the world as a elder statesman . he be bury and honore by five president on April 26 , 1994 , less than a year after Pat Nixon die . we include a documentary clip of he funeral , eulogize by President clinton , the four other president alongside he . ROBERT dole eulogize he as a " great american . " epilogue ( cont 'd ) for the remainder of he life , Nixon fight successfully to protect he tape . the National Archives spend fourteen year index and catalogue they . out of four thousand hour , only sixty hour have be make public . we end on a image of yorba linda , california ... turn of the twentieth century where it begin . we focus on the face of the early pioneer who settle the land -- we drift over the face of hannah and frank , in they stern posture -- past the brother , include the two decease one ... to little richard , eye all aglow with the hope of the new century . the end