no country for old men written by Joel coen &amp ; ethan coen base on the novel by cormac mccarthy fade in : ext . mountain - night snow be fall in a gust wind . the voice of a old man : voice over I be sheriff of this county when I be twenty - five . hard to believe . grandfather be a lawman . Father too . I and he be sheriff at the same time , he in plano and I here . I think he be pretty proud of that . I know I be . ext . west TEXAS landscape - dawn / day we dissolve to another West Texas landscape . Sun be rise . voice over some of the old - time sheriff never even wear a gun . a lot of folk find that hard to believe . Jim scarborough never carry one . that 's the young jim. gaston boykin would not wear one . up in comanche County . we dissolve through more landscape , bring we to full day . none of they show people or human habitation . voice over I always like to hear about the old - timer . never miss a chance to do so . nigger hoskins over in bastrop County know everbody 's phone number off by heart . you can not help but compare yourself against the old - timer . can not help but wonder how they would have operate this time . there be this boy I send to the gas chamber at huntsville here a while back . my arrest and my testimony . he kill a fourteen - year - old girl . paper say it be a crime of passion but he tell I there be not any passion to it . ext . west TEXAS road - day the last landscape , hard sunbake prairie , be survey in a long slow pan . 2 voice over told I that he would be plan to kill somebody for about as long as he could remember . Said that if they turn he out he would do it again . the pan have bring into frame the flash light bar of a police car stop on the shoulder . a young sheriff 's deputy be open the rear door on the far side of the car . voice over Said he know he be go to hell . be there in about fifteen minute . I do not know what to make of that . I surely do not . Close on a pair of hand manacle behind someone 's back . a hand enter to take the prisoner by one arm . voice over the crime you see now , it 's hard to even take its measure . it 's not that I be afraid of it . back to the shot over the light bar : the deputy , with a hand on top of the prisoner 's head to help he clear the door frame , ease the prisoner into the backseat . all we see of the prisoner be he dark hair disappear into the car . voice over I always know you have to be willing to die to even do this job -- not to be glorious . but I do not want to push my chip forward and go out and meet something I do not understand . the deputy close the back door . he open the front passenger door and reach down for something - apparently heavy - at he foot . voice over you can say it 's my job to fight it but I do not know what it be anymore . the deputy swing the heavy object into the front passenger seat . match inside the car : it look like a oxygen tank with a petcock at the top and tub run off it . voice over ... more than that , I do not want to know . a man would have to put he soul at hazard . the deputy slam the door . 3 on the door slam we cut to Texas highway racing under the lens , the landscape flat to the horizon . the siren whoops . voice over ... he would have to say , okay , I will be part of this world . int . sheriff lamar' office - day the deputy seat in the sheriff 's office , on the phone . the prisoner stand in the background . focus be too soft for we to see he feature but he posture show that he arm be still behind he back . deputy yessir , just walk in the door . sheriff he have some sort of a thing on he like one of they oxygen tank for emphysema or somethin' . and a hose from it run down he sleeve ... behind he we see the prisoner seat himself on the floor without make a sound and scoot he manacle hand out under he leg . hand in front of he now , he stand . deputy ... well you get I , sir . you can see it when you get in ... the prisoner approach . as he near the deputy 's back he grow sharper but begin to crop out of the top of the frame . deputy ... yessir I get it cover . as the deputy reach forward to hang up , the prisoner be raise he hand out of frame just behind he . the manacle hand drop back into frame in front of the deputy 's throat and jerk back and up . wider : the prisoner 's momentum bring both man crash backward to the floor , face - up , deputy on top . the deputy reach up to try to get he hand under the strangling chain . the prisoner bring pressure . his wrist whiten around the manacle . 4 the deputy 's leg writhe and stamp . he move in a clumsy circle , crabbing around the pivot- point of the other man' back arched against the floor . the deputy 's flail leg kick over a wastebasket , send spin the castore chair , slam at the desk . blood creep around the friction point where the cuff bite the prisoner 's wrist . blood be be spit by the deputy . the prisoner feel with he thumb at the deputy 's neck and avert he own face . a yank of the chain rupture the carotid artery . it jet blood . the blood hit the office wall , drum hollowly . int . sheriff lamar' bathroom - day the prisoner walk in , run the water , and put he wrist , now freed , under it . int . office - day Close on the air tank . one hand , a towel wrap at the wrist , reach in to hoist it . ext . road - late day Road rush under the lens . point-of-view through a windshield of taillight ahead , the only pair in sight . a siren bloop . the car pull over . a four-door Ford sedan . the police car pull over behind . the prisoner -- he name be Anton chigurh -- get out of the police car and sling the tank over he shoulder . he walk up the road to the man cranking down he window , grop for he wallet . man what 's this about ? chigurh step out of the car please , sir . the motorist squint at the man with the strange apparatus . man huh ? what be ... 5 chigurh I need you to step out of the car , sir . the man open he door and emerge . man be I ... chigurh reach up to the man 's forehead with the end of the tube connect to the air tank . chigurh would you hold still please , sir . a hard pneumatic sound . the man flop back against the car . blood trickle from a hole in the middle of he forehead . chigurh wait for the body to slide down the car and crumple , clear the front door . he open it and hoist the air tank over into the front seat . ext . arid plain - day see through a extreme telephoto lens . heat shimmer rise from the desert floor . a pan of the horizon discover a distant herd of antelope . the animal be graze . reverse on a man in blue jeans and cowboy boot sit on he heel , elbow on knee , peer through a pair of binocular . a heavy - barrel rifle be sling across he back . this be moss . he lower the binocular , slowly unsling the rifle and look through its sight . the view through the sight swim for a moment to refind the herd . one animal be stare directly at we , its motion arrest as if it 's hear or see something . Close on moss 's eye , one at the sight , the other close . he mutter : moss hold still . he open the free eye and roll he head off the sight to give himself stereo . Close on the hatch - mark range dial on the sight . moss delicately thumb it . 6 he ease the one eye back onto the sight . point-of-view through the sight : moss adjust to bring the cross-hair back down to the stare animal . moss 's finger tighten on the trigger . shot : gunbuck swishes the point-of-view upward . moss fight it back down . the point-of-view through the sight find the beast again , still stare at we . the sound of the gunshot ring out across the barial . short beat . the bullet hit the antelope : not a kill . the animal recoil and run , pack one leg . the other animal be off with it . moss shit . he stand and jack out the spend case which jangle against the rock . he stoops for it and put it in he shirt pocket . ext . arid plain - later moss be on foot , rifle again sling over he shoulder , binocular around he neck . he be look at the ground . a intermittent trail of blood . moss 's pace be brisk . distance be long . he suddenly stop , stare . on the ground be the fresh trail of blood , the glisten drop already dry at the periphery . but this trail be cross by another trail of blood . drier . moss look one way along this older trail : his point - of-view : flatland . scrub . no movement . he look the other way . a distant range of mountain . no movement . he stoops to examine the trail . 7 he pace it ' till he find a print clear enough to give he the animal 's orientation . he stand and look again toward the distant mountain . he bring up the binocular . his point - of-view : landscape , swim into focus , heat wave exaggerated by the compression of the lens . pan , look for the animal . Movement , very distant . the animal be bring into focus : a black tailless dog , huge head , limping badly , phantasmal by virtue of the rippling heat wave and the silence . moss lower the glass . a moment of think as he gaze off . he turn and head in the direction from which the dog come . ext . rise near basin - minute later moss top a rise . he scan the landscape below . not much to see except-distant glint , off something not native to the environment . moss bring up the binocular . park vehicle : three of they , squat , broncos or other off - road truck with fat tire , winch in the bed and rack of roof light . on the ground near the truck dark shape lie still . ext . basin - minute later moss be walk cautiously up to the site , unslung rifle at the ready . fly drine . he circle two dead body lie in the grass , cover with blood . a gut - shot dog of the same kind we see limping toward the mountain lie beside they . a saw - off shotgun with a pistol stock lie in the grass . the tire and most of the window glass be shot out of the first pickup moss approach . he open the door and look inside . the driver be dead , lean over the wheel . moss shut the door . 8 he open the door of the second truck . the driver , sit upright , still in shoulder harness , be stare at he . moss stumble back , raise the rifle . the man do not move . the front of he shirt be cover with blood . man agua . moss stare at he man ... agua . por dios . moss ai not get no water . on the seat next to the man be a hk machine pistol . moss look at it . he look back at the man . the man be still stare at he . without lowering he eye moss reach in and take the pistol . moss straighten up out of the truck and sling the rifle back over he shoulder . he snap the clip off the machine pistol , check it and snap it back on . moss cross to the back of the truck and lift the tarp that cover the truck bed . a load of brick -size brown parcel each wrap in plastic . he throw the tarp back over the load and cross back to the open cab door . man agua . moss I tell you I be not get no agua . you speak English ? a blank look . moss ... where 's the last guy ? the injure man stare , unresponsive . moss persist : 9 moss ultimo hombre . last man stand , must have be one . where would he go ? man ... agua . moss turn to scan the horizon . he look at the tire track extend back from the truck . he think for a beat . moss ( to himself ) I reckon I would go out the way I come in ... he start off . through the truck 's open door : man La puerta ... Hay lobo ... moss ( walking off ) ai not no lobo . ext . flatland near the basin - later moss stop to look out at a new prospect . flatland , no cover . he raise the binocular . moss if you stop ... to watch you backtrack ... you be gonna shoot my dumb ass . he do not see anything . he lower the glass , think . he raise the glass again . moss ... but . if you stop ... you stop in shade . he set off . ext . near the rock shelf - day a point-of -view through the binocular , some time later . one lone shelf of rock throw shade toward we . heat shimmer in between . 10 hard sun make the rock shadow impenetrable . but there be a boot foot stick into the sun toe - up like the nub on a sundial . moss lower the binocular . he look at he watch . 11:30 . he sit down . fast fade ext . near the rock shelf - day the watch 12:30 . moss lower the wristwatch and raise the binocular again . the shadow have shift . the foot have not move . moss get up and walk toward it . ext . rock shelf - minute later moss arrive at the rock shelf . the man 's body be tip to one side . his nose be in the dirt but he eye be open , as if he be examine something quite small on the ground . one hand hold a .45 automatic . next to the body be a boxy leather document case . moss look at the man . he take the gun , look at it , stick it in he belt . he drag the document case away from the body and open it . Bank -wrapped hundred fill it . each packet be stamp " $ 10,000 . " moss stare . he reach in to rifle the stack , either to confirm that the bag be full or to estimate the amount . he stand , look around , look back the way he come . 11 ext . cattleguard road - day he truck moss 's pickup be park by a cattleguard off a paved but little - use road . moss be just arrive . he throw in the document case , the rifle and the machine pistol , climb into the cab and slam the door . ext . desert aire trailer park - twilight moss 's truck pull into a trailer park that sit alongside the highway on the outskirt of sanderson , Texas . a old sign with a neon palm tree identify the park as the Desert aire . moss get out of the truck next to a double - wide . light glow inside . he take the case and machine pistol , get down on he back next to the trailer and scoot underneath it . his point - of-view : plywood and plastic pipe . he pull some insulation aside and cram the machine pistol up under the pipe . int . trailer - night moss enter carry the document case . a twentystomething woman in cutoff jeans and a halter top watch tv . this be carla Jean . carla jean what 's in the satchel ? moss it 's full a money . carla jean that will be the day . moss be crossing to a back bedroom . before he disappear inside carla Jean see the pistol stick in the back of he waistband . carla jean ... where would you get the pistol ? moss at the gettin ' place . he emerge without the case or the gun and cross to the refrigerator . he take a beer from the refrigerator and peel its pulltab . 12 carla jean do you buy that gun ? moss no . I find it . carla jean llewelyn ! moss what ? quit hollerin' . he walk back sip the beer and sprawl on the couch . carla jean what would you give for that thing ? moss you do not need to know everthing , carla Jean . carla jean I need to know that . moss you keep run that mouth I be gonna take you in the back and screw you . carla jean Big talk . moss just keep it up . carla jean Fine . I do not wanna know . I do not even wanna know where you be all day . moss that will work . int . trailer bedroom - night we be drift down toward moss as he lie in bed next to carla Jean . he lie still , eye close , but he be shaking he head . as the camera stop he open he eye , grimace . moss all right . he look at the bedside clock . 13 its LED display : 1:06 . he swing he leg off the bed , look back at carla Jean , and pull the blanket up over she shoulder . int . trailer kitchen - night Close on a gallon jug as moss hold it under the tap , fill it with water . carla Jean appear in the doorway , look sleepy . carla jean llewelyn . moss yeah . carla jean what be you doin ' , baby ? moss goin ' out . carla jean goin ' where ? moss somethin ' I forget to do . I will be back . carla jean what be you goin ' to do ? moss turn from the sink , screwing the top onto the jug . moss I be fixin ' to do something ' dumbern hell but I be goin ' anyways . he start toward the front door . moss ... if I do not come back tell mother I love she . carla jean you mother 's dead , llewelyn . moss well then I will tell she myself . int . truck / ext . cattleguard road - night 14 a map a detailed topographical survey map , illuminate by a flashlight . moss be study it in the cab of he truck . after a beat he fold the map . he check the .45 take off the corpse with the money . wider : the pickup truck park outside the cattle guard . after a beat , the truck drive over the grate onto the unpave part of the road , jogging up the uneven terrain . through the windshield , the view be pitch black except for the boulder and scrub pick out by the crazily bounce headlight . ext . basin - night door slam we be close on the water jug slapping against moss 's leg as we pull he through the darkness . the shape of he park truck be just visible behind he , silhouett on the crest by the glow of the moon already set . walk across the basin to the near truck moss freeze , noticing : its driver 's - side door : close . moss scan the horizon . its only blemish remain he own pickup . he jog the few remain pace to the pickup . he set down the gallon jug . softly : moss hello ?... no answer . he open the door . the man 's body be still hold upright by the shoulder harness but he head , flay by buckshot , be tip away . moss glance at the bed of the truck . empty . he again look at the horizon . 15 now another pickup stand in silhouette next to he own . two man be there . moss cover behind the dead man 's truck . he ease he head out for another look . only one man visible now . sound hard to identify . something airy . up on the crest he pickup rock and settles . its tire be be slashed . the other pickup 's engine cough to life . headlights and roof light go on . moss again cover behind the vehicle . a search - spot sweep back and forth across the basin tableau of body and truck . after a few trip back and forth something happen to the spot : its weaving light begin to bounce . we can hear the jouncing suspension of the pickup as it trundle down the incline . but the light tell the perspective of the slowly approach truck . moss stay in the lee of he shelter vehicle as he run , double over , directly away from the light , keep to the shadow that wipe on and off . a gunshot . its impact kick up dirt just ahead of moss to he right . moss turn to see : two jogging man flanking the truck like infantry escort a tank . one have just halt to fire ; the other be now raise he gun . moss tack and sprint and roll under a second abandon pickup to he leave . another shot sound and miss . bullet plunk into the metal of the truck body . one bullet skip off the dirt in front of the truck and ping up into the undercarriage . moss be elbow out the far side , next to a body lie by the truck 's passenger door . the fire have stop : moss steal a look over the hood : the pursue pickup be slow so that the two gunman can swing onto the run board . the truck accelerate and as it veer around the first abandon pickup its light swing off moss 's cover truck . 16 moss sprint off , double over , at a perpendicular to he previous path . he hit the ground , press himself into the earth , head between he forearm . he elbow away as the truck bear on he former cover . ext . river gorge - dawn he top the small rise and straighten and flat - out run . we hear the pickup 's engine racing and see , behind moss , its spot sweeping backlight across the crest . moss be run towards the declivity of a river gorge . Sky there be pink from unrisen sun . moss bear on the gorge , panting . the pickup bounce up into view on the crest behind he , roof light blaze . it be point off at a angle . its spotlight sweep the river plain . it find moss . the truck reorient as it bounce down in pursuit . a muzzle flash precede the dull whump of the shotgun . moss race on toward the river . another shotgun whump . moss stumble , turn to look behind he . the truck , gain ground . a man stand up out of the sunroof , one hand on top of the cab , the other hold a shotgun . moss be almost to the steep riverbank . another whump of the shotgun . shot catch moss on the right shoulder . it tear the back of he shirt away and send he over the crest of the river bank . moss airborne , ass over elbow , hit near the bottom of the sandy slope with a loud fhump . he roll to a stop and look up . we hear a skid squeal and see dirt and dust float over the lip of the ridge , throw by the truck 's hard stop . as moss pull off he boot we hear voice from the man in the truck . there be the clank of its tailgate be drop and sound of activity on the hollow metal of its bed . 17 moss tuck he boot into he belt and run splash into the fast- move water . a look back : something shake the scrub down the steep slope . moss backpedal deeper . burst out of the scrub at the foot of the slope : a huge black dog with a large head and clipped ear . it bound toward moss . moss turn and half stumble , half dive into the river . underwater a very dull whump follow by the fizz of buckshot . moss break the surface of the water , gasp , and look back : figure on the ridge . below , the dog hit the water . another gunshot from the bank . where it hit we do not know . River current and moss 's stroke speed he away . ext . river bend - dawn he sweep around a bend . he find he foot under he and stagger onto a sandbar and then splashes through some outwash to the far bank . the pursue dog 's head bob rhythmically in the water . moss pull the gun from he belt . he take the clip out and eject the chamber round . the dog find he stumpy leg much closer to the sandbar : he massive head dip and waggle as he lurch out of he swim . he emerge from the river and bound across the sand . moss shake the gun and blow into the barrel . the dog splashes through the riverwash that separate he from the human . moss reinsert the clip . he chamber a round as the dog run snarling and as the dog leap he fire . moss fire twice more quickly , not wait to see whether the first round tell . the dog land , stop but not dead . it jerk and gurgle . moss goddamnit . he be look out at the river . his boot be drift by . 18 ext . river bank - day moss have climb the far bank and find a seat on a rock . it be now full day . moss have take off he shirt and have he neck crane round and he back upper arm twisted toward he . where the buckshot hit , he arm be purple and pinpricked . he meticulously pick shirt fiber out from where buckshot pack it into the flesh . he finish . he rip swatch from he shirt . he start wrapping he bare foot as he gaze off . his point - of-view : a lot of landscape , a highway in the distance . a eighteen - wheeler shimmy along in the heat . ext . gas station / grocery - sheffield - day at a isolate dusty crossroad . it be twilight . the Ford sedan that chigurh stop be park alongside the pump . int . gas station / grocery - day chigurh stand at the counter across from the elderly proprietor . he hold up a bag of cashews . chigurh how much ? proprietor sixty -nine cent . chigurh this . and the gas . proprietor y'all get any rain up you way ? chigurh what way would that be ? proprietor I see you be from Dallas . chigurh tear open the bag of cashews and pour a few into he hand . chigurh what business be it of yours where I be from , friendo ? proprietor I do not mean nothin ' by it . 19 chigurh do not mean nothin' . proprietor I be just passin ' the time . chigurh I guess that pass for manners in you cracker view of thing . a beat . proprietor well sir I apologize . if you do not wanna accept that I do not know what else I can do for you . chigurh stand chew cashews , stare while the old man work the register and put change on the counter . proprietor ... will there be something ' else ? chigurh I do not know . will there ? beat . the proprietor turn and cough . chigurh stare . proprietor be something ' wrong ? chigurh with what ? proprietor with anything ? chigurh be that what you be ask I ? be there something wrong with anything ? the proprietor look at he , uncomfortable , look away . proprietor will there be anything else ? chigurh you already ask I that . proprietor well ... I need to see about closin ' . 20 chigurh see about close . proprietor yessir . chigurh what time do you close ? proprietor now . we close now . chigurh now be not a time . what time do you close . proprietor generally around dark . at dark . chigurh stare , slowly chew . chigurh you do not know what you be talk about , do you ? proprietor Sir ? chigurh I say you do not know what you be talk about . chigurh chew . chigurh ... what time do you go to bed . proprietor Sir ? chigurh you be a bit deaf , be not you ? I say what time do you go to bed . proprietor well ... a pause . proprietor ... I would say around nine-thirty . somewhere around nine-thirty . 21 chigurh I could come back then . proprietor why would you be comin ' back ? we will be close . chigurh you say that . he continue to stare , chew . proprietor well ... I need to close now -- chigurh you live in that house behind the store ? proprietor yes I do . chigurh you have live here all you life ? a beat . proprietor this be my wife 's father 's place . originally . chigurh you marry into it . proprietor we live in Temple Texas for many year . raise a family there . in Temple . we come out here about four year ago . chigurh you marry into it . proprietor ... if that 's the way you wanna put it . chigurh I do not have some way to put it . that 's the way it be . 22 he finish the cashews and wad the packet and set it on the counter where it begin to slowly unkink . the proprietor 's eye have track the packet . chigurh 's eye stay on the proprietor . chigurh ... what 's the most you have ever lose on a coin toss ? proprietor Sir ? chigurh the most . you ever lose . on a coin toss . proprietor I do not know . I could not say . chigurh be digging in he pocket . a quarter : he toss it . he slap it onto he forearm but keep it cover . chigurh call it . proprietor call it ? chigurh yes . proprietor for what ? chigurh just call it . proprietor well -- we need to know what it be we be callin ' for here . chigurh you need to call it . I can not call it for you . it would not be fair . it would not even be right . proprietor I do not put nothin ' up . chigurh yes you do . you be put it up you whole life . you just do not know it . you know what date be on this coin ? 23 proprietor no . chigurh nineteen fifty -eight . it 's be travel twenty - two year to get here . and now it 's here . and it 's either head or tail , and you have to say . call it . a long beat . proprietor look ... I get to know what I stand to win . chigurh everything . proprietor how 's that ? chigurh you stand to win everything . call it . proprietor all right . head then . chigurh take he hand away from the coin and turn he arm to look at it . chigurh well do . he hand it across . chigurh ... do not put it in you pocket . proprietor Sir ? chigurh do not put it in you pocket . it 's you lucky quarter . proprietor ... where you want I to put it ? 24 chigurh anywhere not in you pocket . or it will get mix in with the other and become just a coin . which it be . he turn and go . the proprietor watch he . ext . desert aire - night it be full night . moss be push open the door to he trailer . we see carla Jean inside . carla jean llewelyn ? what the hell ? moss enter and the door close . int . moss ' trailer - later carla Jean be finish bandage he arm . moss odessa . carla jean why would we go to odessa ? moss not we , you . stay with you mother . carla jean well -- how come ? moss right now it 's midnight Sunday . when the courthouse open nine hour from now someone 's gonna be callin in the vehicle number off the inspection plate on my truck . and around nine - thirty they will show up here . carla jean so ... for how long do we have to ... moss baby , at what point would you quit botherin ' to look for you two million dollar ? carla Jean stare , think . 25 carla jean what be I suppose to tell mama ? moss try standin ' in the door and hollerin : mama I be home . carla jean llewelyn -- moss c'mon , pack you thing . anything you leave you be not gonna see again . carla Jean begin peevishly toss thing into a bag : carla jean well thanks for fallin ' all over and apologize . moss thing happen . I can not take ' they back . ext . cattleguard road - night point-of -view through windshield it be night . no other vehicle on this paved road . we car turn off and rattles over a cattleguard . park on the other side be a ramcharger . its passenger door start to open . outside : chigurh emerge from he Ford . the man emerge from the truck wear a western - cut suit . man mind ridin ' bitch ? ext . basin - night the ramcharger bounce through ungrade terrain . it stop and discharge the three men- the driver and he partner , both in suit , from either side , and then chigurh from the middle seat . they have pull over at moss 's truck . 26 chigurh this he truck ? he be open the door and look at the plate rivete inside . man mm-hm . chigurh screwgie . the man reach into a pocket and hand over a screwdriver . as chigurh work it under the plate : chigurh ... who slashed he tire ? driver wudden we . ext . basin - night a flashlight beam pick out the dog carcass . driver that 's a dead dog . chigurh thank you . chigurh play the flashlight around the scene . Dead body on the ground . chigurh ... where 's the transponder ? man in the truck . I will get it . driver this be some ripe petunias . chigurh give he flashlight to the driver . chigurh hold this please . he bend down and take a 9 mm . Glock off of one of the dead body and check the clip . the other man be return from the truck . he hand chigurh a small electronic receiver . chigurh ... you get anything on this ? 27 man not a bleep . chigurh all right ... chigurh stand and hold he hand out for he flashlight . the driver hand it to he . chigurh shine it in he face and shoot he through the forehead . as the man fall chigurh pan the light to the other man who have watch he partner drop . he look up , puzzle , and be shot as well . ext . bell ranch - morning a horse trailer be back up to a small stable with its gate down . sheriff Bell , sixty , in uniform , slap a horse on the ass and give it a " hyah ! " to send it clatter up the ramp and into the trailer . his wife , Loretta , appear . she wear a heavy robe and hold a coffee mug . loretta I think it be a car afire . bell it be a car afire . but wendell say there be something back country too . loretta when be the county gonna start payin ' a rental on my horse . bell hyah ! he be send a second horse up into the trailer . bell ... I love you more and more , ever day . loretta ( unmoved ) that 's very nice . sheriff Bell put up the gate and pin it . she watch . loretta ... be careful . 28 bell I always be . loretta do not get hurt . bell I never do . loretta do not hurt no one . bell well . if you say so . ext . cattleguard road - day the pickup with horse trailer rattles up next to a park squad car . just beyond the cattle guard the Ford sedan be blaze . sheriff Bell get out of the truck and join he deputy , wendell , look at the car . after a beat of stare : bell you would not think a car would burn like that . wendell yessir . we should a bring wiener . sheriff Bell take he hat off and mop he brow . bell do that look to you like about a ' 77 Ford , wendell ? wendell it could be . bell I would say it be . not a doubt in my mind . wendell the old boy shot by the highway ? bell yessir , he vehicle . man kill lamar 's deputy , take he car , kill someone on the highway , swap for he car , and now here it be and he 's swap again for god know what . 29 wendell that 's very linear sheriff . Bell stare at the fire . bell well . Old age flatten a man . wendell yessir . but then there 's this other . he nod up the ridge away from the highway . bell uh-huh . he walk back toward the trailer . bell ... you ride Winston . wendell you sure ? bell oh , I be more than sure . anything happen to Loretta 's horse I can tell you right now you do not wanna be the party that be aboard . ext . basin - day the two man on horseback pick they way through the scrub approach moss 's truck . sheriff Bell be study the ground . bell it 's the same tire tread comin back as goin ' . make about the same time . you can see the sipe real clear . wendell be stand in the stirrup , look up the ridge . wendell truck 's just yonder . somebody pried the inspection plate off the door . Bell look up , circle the truck . bell I know this truck . belong to a feller name moss . wendell llewelyn moss ? 30 bell that 's the boy . wendell you figure he for a dope runner ? Bell sit he horse look at the slashed tire . bell I do not know but I kindly doubt it . basin - day by the body the two lawmen be dismount . wendell Hell 's bell , they even shot the dog . they walk towards the near truck . wendell ... well this be just a deal go wrong . sheriff Bell stoops to look at casing . bell yes , appear to have be a glitch or two . wendell what caliber you get there , sheriff ? bell nine millimeter . couple of .45 acp 's . he stand , look at the truck . bell ... somebody unload on this thing with a shotgun . wendell mm. Bell open the door of the truck . look at the dead driver . wendell ... how come do you reckon the coyote be not be at them ? 31 bell I do not know ... he shut the door softly with two hand . bell ... supposedly they will not eat a mexican . wendell be look at the two corpse close together , wear suit . wendell this boy appear to be managerial . Bell walk back toward the bed of the truck as wendell appraise : wendell ... I think we be lookin ' at more and one fraca . a gesture toward the scattered body . wendell ... Wild West over there ... a nod down at the two man in suit with head wound . wendell ... execution here . Bell , at the back of the truck , wet a finger and run it against the bed and look at it . bell that mexican brown dope . wendell stroll among the body . wendell this boy be all swole up . so this be earlier : gettin set to trade . then , whoa , difference ... you know : might not of even be no money . bell that 's possible . wendell but you do not believe it . 32 bell no. probably I do not . wendell it 's a mess , be not it sheriff ? Bell be remount . bell if it be not it will do till a mess get here . ext . moss ' trailer - day AIR tank we follow it be tote along a gravel path and up three shallow step to a trailer door . a hand rise to knock . tube run out of the sleeve and into the fist clench to knock . the door rattles under the knock . a short beat . the hand open to press the nozzle at the end of the tube against the lock cylinder . a sharp report . inside a cylinder of brass from the door slam into the far wall dent it and drop to the floor and roll . reverse on the door . daylight show through the lock . the door swing slowly in and chigurh , hard backlit , enter . he set the tank down by the door . he look around . he amble in . he open a door . the bedroom , a messy aftermath of hasty pack . the main room . mail be stack on the counter that separate a kitchen area . chigurh flip unhurriedly through the piece . one of they be a phone bill . he put it in he pocket . he go to the refrigerator . he open it . he look for a still beat . he decide . he reach out a quart of milk . he go to the main room sofa and sit . he pinch the spout open and drink . 33 he look at himself in the dead gray - green screen of the face television . int . desert aire office - day chigurh enter . Old plywood panele , gunmetal desk , litter of papers . a window air-conditioner work hard . a fifty - year- old woman with a cast- iron hairdo sit behind the desk . woman yessir ? chigurh I be look for llewelyn moss . woman do you go up to he trailer ? chigurh yes I do . woman well I would say he 's at work . do you want to leave a message ? chigurh where do he work ? woman I can not say . chigurh where do he work ? woman Sir I be not at liberty to give out no information about we resident . chigurh look around the office . he look at the woman . chigurh where do he work ? woman do you not hear I ? we can not give out no information . a toilet flush somewhere . a door unlatch . footstep in back . chigurh react to the noise . he look at the woman . he turn and open the door and leave . 34 int . trailway bus - day some of the passenger be get out . moss be up in the aisle reach a bag down from the overhead rack . he lift the document case from the floor where carla Jean still sit next to the window . carla jean why all the way to Del Rio ? moss I be gonna borrow a car . from eldon . carla Jean nod at the document case . carla jean you can not afford one ? moss do not wanna register it . I will call you in a couple day . carla jean promise ? moss yes I do . carla jean I get a bad feelin ' , llewelyn . moss well I get a good one . so they ought to even out . quit worry about everthing . carla jean mama 's gonna raise hell . moss uh-huh . carla jean she be just gonna cuss you up and down . moss you should be use to that . carla jean I be use to lot of thing , I work at Wal -mart . 35 moss not any more , carla Jean . you be retire . carla jean llewelyn ? moss yes mar 'am ? carla jean you be comin back , be not ya ? moss I shall return . ext . moss' trailer - day wendell be knock at its door . sheriff Bell stand one step behind he . wendell sheriff 's Department ! no answer . bell look at the lock . they both look . a beat . wendell we goin ' in ? bell gun out and up . wendell unholster he gun but hesitates . wendell what about yours ? bell I be hidin ' behind you . wendell ease the door open . wendell sheriff 's Department ! int . moss ' trailer - day the man cautiously enter , wendell lead . 36 wendell ... nobody here . he lower he gun and start to holster it . bell no reason not to stay safe . wendell keep the gun out . wendell no sir . he go to the bedroom door as sheriff Bell , see the lock cylinder on the floor , stoops and heft it . he look up at the wall opposite the door : the small dent . wendell pull he head out of the bedroom . wendell ... I believe they have do light a shuck . bell believe you be right . wendell that from the lock ? sheriff Bell stand and wander , look around . bell probably must be . wendell so when be he here ? bell I do not know . oh. he be at the counter stare at something . bell ... now that 's aggravate . wendell sheriff ? sheriff Bell point at the carton of milk . bell still sweat . wendell be agitate . 37 wendell whoa ! sheriff ! sheriff Bell unhurriedly open a cabinet . he look close it , open another . wendell ... sheriff , we just miss he ! we gotta circulate this ! on the radio ! sheriff Bell take a glass from the cabinet . bell well , okay ... he pour milk into the glass . bell ... what do we circulate ? he sit on the sofa and take a sip from the milk . bell ... lookin ' for a man who have recently drunk milk ? wendell stare at he . wendell sheriff , that 's aggravate . bell I be ahead of you there . wendell gaze around the trailer , shaking he head . wendell you think this boy moss have get any notion of the sort of son of bitch that be huntin ' he ? bell I do not know . he ought to ... sheriff Bell take another sip . bell ... he see the same thing I see and it make a impression on I . ext . bus station cab stand - del rio - day moss emerge from the station and go to a cab . 38 as he sit in : moss take I to a motel . cabbie you get one in mind ? moss just someplace cheap . int . del rio motel lobby - day rate card the rate for Charlie goodnight 's Del Rio motor Court be under its address of highway 84 East and a ovall AAA logo : single person $ 24.00 double bed / couple $ 27.00 2 double bed / couple $ 28.00 2 double bed/3 people $ 32.00 voice play off : woman you tell I the option . moss the what ? woman the option . wider show that we be in a motel lobby . a woman face moss across a Formica counter top she have hand he the frame rate card . woman ... you pick the option with the applicable rate . moss I be just one person . do not matter the size of the bed . int . motel room - day 39 Wide on the room . twin-be headboard be fix to the wall but only the far one have a bed park beneath it . moss sit on the bed , phone to he ear . it ring a couple time . he give up , hang up , rise . int . bathroom - day moss stand in front of the mirror , twisted around to examine the buckshot wound . he shrug he shirt back on . holding on the mirror we see he walk back into the main room and stop , look around . he look slowly up to the ceiling . int . motel room - day close on a screw be unscrewe . wider show we moss , stand on the bed , unscrew the vent on a overhead airduct . he get down off the bed , unzip he duffle bag and take the document case out of it . he open the case , take out a packet of bill , count out some money and put it in he pocket . he refasten the case . he go to the window and cut off a length of the curtain cord . he tie the curtain cord to the handle of the document case . he go to the closet , leave the case on the bed . he reach into the empty closet , lift the coat rail off its support and let the hanger slide off onto the floor . int . looking down the airduct - day the duct hum with a low , airy compressor sound . the galvanize metal stretch away to a distant elbow . the document case be plunke down in the foreground and then gently push down the length of the tube by the coat pole . the free end of the cord trail off the handle for retrieval . int . motel room - day the duffle moss unzip it and pull out the machine pistol and the .45 that he take off the dead man . he lift the mattress and stashes the machine pistol underneath . he check the chamber of the .45 and stuff it in he belt . 40 int . motel room / ext . parking lot - day the window moss pull back one curtain to look out at the lot . nothing there disturb he . he close the curtain , crossing one over the other . he go out the door , shutting it softly behind he . int . roadside diner - day phone bill a pencil tap at a Del Rio number that repeat on the bill . we hear phone - filter ring . the ring be cut off by the clatter of a hang -up . the pencil move to a odessa number , the only other repeat on the short list of toll call . we cut up to chigurh as he finish dial , in the booth of a roadside diner . dusk . phone-filtered ring . connection ; a woman 's voice : woman hello ? chigurh be llewelyn there ? woman llewelyn ?! no he be not . chigurh you expect he ? the woman 's voice be old , querulous : woman now why would I expect he ? who be this ? chigurh stare for a short beat , then prong the phone . int . a SMALL general store - day moss be stand in front of a rack of cowboy boot at the back of the store . he look up at a approach salesman , a bow - legge old man in a white shirt . 41 salesman hep you ? moss I need the Larry mahan 's in black , size 11 . salesman okay . moss you sell sock ? salesman just white . he gather up a brown paper bag from a pharmacy . moss White be all I wear . you get a bathroom ? int . bathroom - day moss be sit on the toilet take off sock with bloody sole . sneaker sit on the floor . the pharmacy bag sit next to they . he spray disinfectant on he foot . he take out bandage . int . shoe store - day moss be return . the bowlegge salesman stand in the aisle hold aloft a pair of boot . salesman ai not get larry in black but I get them in osta-rich . break in easy . int . cab / ext . del rio motel - night it be roll to a stop in front of Charlie goodnight 's Del Rio motor Hotel . moss fish for he wallet but stop , look . park in the street in front of the motel be a offroad truck with roof light . moss do not stop . just ride I up past the room . 42 driver what room ? moss just drive I around . I want to see if someone 's here . the cab roll slowly up the lot . moss ... keep go . his pivote point-of-view of he room . the window show a part between the curtain . moss ... keep go . do not stop . driver I do not want to get in some kind of a jackpot here , buddy . moss it 's all right . driver why do not I set you down here and we will not argue about it . moss I want you to take I to another motel . driver let 's just call it square . moss reach a hundred - dollar bill up to the driver . moss you be already in a jackpot . I be try to get you out of it . now take I to a motel . the driver reach up for the bill then turn the cab out of the parking lot onto the hiway . moss turn to look at the recede light of the motel . ext . throughway interchange - night pavement rushing under the lens , light by headlight . 43 from high up we see a throughway interchange as chigurh 's ramcharger take the right fork of the highway under a green sign for Del Rio . int . the ramcharger - night chigurh look down at the passenger seat . on it lie the transponder , power on but silent . next to it be a machine pistol with a can-shape silencer sweat onto the barrel . the transponder beep once . chigurh look up . we be approach a steel bridge . the headlight pick up a large black bird perch on the aluminum bridge rail . the passenger window hum down . chigurh pick up the pistol and level the barrel across the window frame . the truck bump onto the bridge , its tire skip over the seam in the asphalt . as it draw even the bird spread its wing and chigurh fire - a mute thump like a whoosh of air . from high overhead : the bullet hit the guardrail make it hum as the ramcharger recede and the bird lift into the darkness , heavily flap its wing . int . cafe - morning Morning . Bell sit drink coffee . wendell stand in the aisle hand something over . wendell he lab from Austin on the man by the highway . Bell take the papers and start to look at they . bell what be the bullet ? wendell be not no bullet . this bring Bell 's look up . bell be not no bullet ? wendell yessir . be not none . 44 bell well , wendell , with all due respect , that do not make a whole lot of sense . wendell no sir . bell you say entrance wound in the forehead , no exit wound . wendell yes sir . bell be you tell I he shot this boy in the head and then go fishin ' around in there with a pocket knife ? wendell Sir , I do not want to picture that . bell well I do not either ! a beat during which both man picture it , end by a arrive waitress . waitress can I freshen that there for you sheriff ? the sheriff 's distress look swing on to she . bell yes noreen you better have . thank you . wendell the ranger and dea be head out to the desert this morning . you gonna join them ? bell I do not know . any new body accumulate out there ? wendell no sir . bell well then I guess I can skip it . heavens to betsy , wendell , you already put I off my breakfast . 45 ext . sporting good store - day moss push off from the wall he be lean against : someone inside the glass double door be stooping to unlock they . int . sporting good store - gun counter - day the clerk be hand a shotgun across the counter . clerk twelve gauge . you need shell ? moss look the gun over . moss uh-huh . double ought . clerk they will give you a wallop . he push the shell across . moss you have camp supplies ? another counter a clerk stare at moss . clerk tent pole . moss uh-huh . clerk you already have the tent ? moss somethin ' like that . clerk well you give I the model number of the tent I can order you the pole . moss never mind . I want a tent . clerk what kind of tent ? moss the kind with the most pole . 46 clerk well I guess that would be we ten-foot backyard per-gola . you can stand up in it . well , some people could stand up in it . six foot clearance at the ridge . you might just could . moss let I have that one . where 's the nearest hardware store ? int . moss ' new motel room - day he have the shotgun wedge in a open drawer and be saw off its barrel with a hacksaw . minute later moss sit on the bed dress the barrel with a file . he put down the file , look at the barrel . he slide the forearm back and forward again and let the hammer down with he thumb . he look the gun over , appraise , and then open the box of shell and start feed in the heavy wax load . int . first motel lobby - day moss enter carry a new duffle bag . the same woman be behind the counter . moss could I get another room . woman you want to change room ? moss no , I want to keep my room , and get another one . woman another additional . moss uh-huh . you get a map of the room ? she incline she head to look under the counter . woman yeah we have a sorta one . she find a brochure and hand it across . it show a car from the fifty park in front of the hotel in hard sunlight . 47 moss unfold the brochure and study . moss what about one forty - two . woman you can have the one next to yours if you want . one twenty . it be not take . moss no , one forty - two . woman that 's get two double bed . ext . motel parking lot - day a arcing point of view on the window of moss 's old room . the curtain still slightly open . a reverse show moss crossing the lot from the office carry he long nylon duffle bag , study the room . he look further down the street . the truck with the roof light be still park there . int . 2 nd motel room two double bed . moss be listen at the wall . he go to the bed and unzip the duffle bag and pull out the saw - off shotgun . he lay it on the bed . he pull the tent pole and some duct tape out of the duffle . int . chigurh truck / two lane highway - late day chigurh driving slowly down the street with frequent glance down at the receiver on the seat next to he . the receiver light up and bleep one time . chigurh slow and look around at the building that line the two - lane highway . int . 2 nd motel room - late day moss be stand on a desk chair unscrew the plate from the overhead airduct . he lay it aside and raise a flashlight and peer into the airduct . 48 int . motel duct - late day down the length of the duct we see a elbow junction ten foot away . the end of the document case be just visible stick out into the elbow . chigurh the receiver be bleep slowly as the car creep along . up at a distant intersection be Charlie goodnight 's Del Rio Motel . int . 2 nd motel room moss rip off a length of duct tape . he wrap it around two tent pole place end - to - end but a inch apart , not but . he give the tape several wind . ext . motel parking lot - late day chigurh he be slowly drive the parking lot , the receiver now in he lap . the beep frequency peak and then start to fall off . chigurh put the truck in reverse and ease back to the peak . his point - of-view : window with parte curtain . int . 2 nd motel room - late day moss experiment with the tape-joint , angle then straighten the two pole . satisfied , he start taping on a third length of pole . int . motel lobby - night chigurh stand across the counter from the clerk who look at he , wait . he be frown at the rate card . int . chigurh motel room - night door it swing slowly in toward we . chigurh stand in the doorway . the room -number bangle hang off the key in the knob . he stare in for a beat . 49 he enter slowly and reach up for the light switch . he do not turn it on . he drop he hand . he reach up again , feel it . he look around the room . he take the key and close the door behind he . moss moss pull three wire hanger off the closet rack . he take they to the bureau and pick up a sidecutter . chigurh he walk over to the bathroom . he turn on its light , look . he leave the door open . he go to a closet , open it , look . he go to the door of the room but do not open it . he stand with he back against it and look at the room . the bathroom door . the closet door . chigurh go to the bed and sit to take off he boot . moss moss snip the last of the wire hanger ' hook off with the sidecutter . he wrap the three hook with duct tape to make a sturdier one . he wrap more tape to attach this hook to the end of the three - link pole . chigurh from a bag he withdraw a twelve - gauge automatic shotgun fitte with a silencer big around as a beer can . he check the load . he pick up the regularly beep receiver , turn it off , and slip it into he pocket . he hoist the air tank . 50 moss he be stand on the chair below the airduct , stooping to pick up the jury-rigged pole lean nearby . he straighten and feed the length of the pole into the duct , use the joint to angle it in . int . motel duct - night Inside the duct : he watch the pole play in , illuminate by the flashlight he have leave rest inside . ext . motel walkway - night stockinged feet we track on the foot pad down the exterior walkway . int . motel duct - night moss peer along the airduct , both hand up next to one ear awkwardly maneuver the pole . he lay the far , hook end over the protrude corner of the document case . he pull . the pole slide off the case . ext . / int . 1st motel room - night chigurh he stand at the door of moss 's first room . he ease a ear against it . he step back . he punch out the lock cylinder with the airgun and kick in the door , raise the shotgun . a mexican in a guyabera recline on one of the two double bed . he be scrabbling for a machine pistol on the nightstand . chigurh fire three time quickly . the dampe blast have the low resonance of chug into a bottle . moss head still in the airduct , freeze , listen . 51 ext . / int . 1st motel room - night chigurh also freeze , back against the wall outside the room , to one side of the open door . after a beat he step back into the open doorway leveling the gun . Inside the room : no movement . much of the man on the bed be spatter against the chew - up headboard . the bathroom door be ajar , its light on . a long beat . Movement in the wedge of light . immediately , chug from the shotgun chew up bathroom door and nearby wallboard . a cry from inside . a brief chatter of machine pistol . int . motel duct - night moss' Pov along the air vent . the machine - pistol chatter cross the cut . we hear bullet snap through metal . the sound bring on indirect light as hole be punch in the duct somewhere around the bend . moss hold still as the galvanize metal faintly thunder . the flashlight rest on it wobble . ext . / int . 1st motel room - night chigurh gun levele , at the open door . again , no movement . he advance into the room , gun point at the bathroom door . as he advance he swing the gun briefly over at the closet door and fire . the splinter - in door reveal no occupant . chigurh angle around the double bed to get a view of that wedge of bathroom floor visible through its door . blood be pool out from the right . 52 chigurh fire at the baseboard to the right of the door . int . motel duct - night moss make another attempt to hook the bag . the hook take . moss drag the case inch out into the duct 's bend before the hook slide off again . int . 1st motel room bathroom - night chigurh he use the shotgun barrel to push open what 's leave of the bathroom door . the mirror over the face sink give a view of most of the hide side of the bedroom / bathroom party wall . partial view of a man press against the wall , stand in the tub in the corner . from he posture and the one visible hand he seem unarm . chigurh enter the bathroom . the cornere man be unhurt but terrify . he hold up he hand . man no I mate . the man on the floor be quite dead . a machine pistol lie in one out - flung hand . chigurh look back up at the survivor . chigurh how would you find it ? man no I mate . chigurh walk unhurriedly to the tub . the man watch he , hand up , vibrate . chigurh reach with he free hand and pull the shower curtain most of the way round , hide the man . he angle the nose of the shotgun in and fire . moss the hook again snag a strap on the case . moss pull , carefully . 53 int . 1st motel room - MAIN room - night chigurh emerge from the bathroom . his sock be sodden with gore . he sit on the bed and peel they off . he rub the bottom of each foot with the ankle of each sock and drop the sock to the floor . he rise and open three bureau drawer , which be empty , and leave they open . he pull open what remain of the closet door . empty . he look under the bed . he stand , look around . he look up . his look linger . Close on the airduct grille : it be dusty . rub-marks have make four dark band across the dusty slat . chigurh 's finger rise into frame and meet the grille , roughly align with the finger mark in the dust . Close on a screwhead : a dime enter and engage the screw and start turn it . int . motel duct - night from inside the duct : finger reach through the grille and chigurh 's hand push it up into the duct , then angle it and withdraw it . faintly , under the distant airy drine of the compressor , we hear the grate clatter to the floor . the back of chigurh 's head appear . he aim a flashlight away down the far length of the duct . a beat . he pivot to face we . his point - of-view : the length of the duct , empty , with a drag-mark through the middle of the dust . back to chigurh . his look hold . he duck out . int . 1st motel room - night in the room : chigurh step down from the chair and pull the receiver from he pocket and turn it on . it beep once . silence . 54 frown , look down at the receiver , chigurh make a slow sweep with it . the silence hold - snap off by car steady as we cut to : int . station wagon - night moss , with he duffle bag and document case , sit in the passenger seat of a old station wagon . the driver be a elderly man in a yoke shirt . after a beat , eye fix on the road , the old man shake he head . old man should not be doin ' that . even a young man like you . moss give he a look . a beat . moss doin ' what . the old man gaze at the road . old man hitchhikin ' . he shake he head again . Silent drive . the old man murmur : old man dangerous . ext . downtown houston - day booming up we be look out as a foreground building slip by and we rise to get a ever-higher perspective on downtown Houston , hazy under a noon sun . int . office - day a man stand behind a large desk - behind he , floor - to - ceiling window - have no small talk for carson Wells , the man enter . man you know Anton chigurh by sight , be that correct ? carson Wells sit in front of the desk , he manner affable . he rest a boot foot across one knee . 55 well yessir , that 's correct . I know them when I see them . man when do you last see he . well November the 28th , last year . man you seem pretty sure of the date . do I ask you to sit ? well no sir but you strike I as a man who would not want to waste a chair . I remember date . name . number . I see he on November 28th . the man gaze . he nod . man we get a loose cannon here . and we be out a bunch of money , and the other party be out he product . well yessir . I understand that . the man look at he , appraise . he nod again and slide a bank card across the table . man this account will only give up twelve hundred dollar in any twenty - four hour period . that 's up from a thousand . Wells rise to take the card and then reseat himself . well yessir . man if you expense run higher I hope you will trust we for it . well okay . man how well do you know chigurh . 56 well well enough . man that 's not a answer . well what do you want to know ? man I would just like to know you opinion of he . in general . just how dangerous be he ? Wells shrug . well compare to what ? the bubonic plague ? he 's bad enough that you call I . he 's a psychopathic killer but so what ? there 's plenty of they around . a beat . man he kill three man in a motel in Del Rio yesterday . and two other at that colossal goatfuck out in the desert . well okay . we can stop that . man you seem pretty sure of yourself . you have lead something of a charme life have not you Mr. Wells ? Wells rise . well in all honesty I can not say that charm have have a whole lot to do with it . he thump once at he chest . well ... I be wonder ... man yes ? well can I get my parking ticket validate ? 57 the man gaze . man ... a attempt at humor , I suppose . well I be sorry . man Goodbye , Mr. Wells . ext . eagle pass town square - dusk moss be get out of the station wagon with he duffle and document case . it be a town square . among the old building be the Hotel Eagle , identify by a neon above the front door . int . HOTEL eagle lobby - night moss enter . behind the front desk a older man sit read Ring magazine . he have a hand - roll cigarette . moss one room , one night . clerk that 's twenty - six dollar . moss you on all night ? clerk yessir , be here till ten tomorrow morning . moss push a hundred along with smaller bill across the desk . moss for you . I be not ask you to do anything illegal . the clerk look at the hundred - dollar bill without reach . clerk I be waitin ' to hear you description of that . 58 moss there 's somebody lookin ' for I . not police . just call I if anyone else check in tonight . int . second -floor hallway - night moss be mount the stair from the lobby . the carpete hallway be line by transom - top door . moss go to a door halfway down on he leave . int . HOTEL room - night moss enter a room with old oak furniture and high ceiling . he set the document case next to the bed . he unzip the duffel and take out the shotgun which he lay on the bed , and then go to the window . he part the curtain to look down . the street be empty . mexican music float up faintly from a bar somewhere not far away . int . HOTEL room - later the room be dark . the music be go . we be look straight down on moss lie , clothed , on the bed . we be booming straight down toward he . after a beat he shake he head . he open he eye , grimace . moss there just be not no way . he sit up and turn on the bedside lamp . the shot gun and document case be on the floor by the bed . moss swing the document case onto the bed and unclasp it and upend the money onto the bed . he feel the bottom of the case , squeezing it with one hand inside and one hand out , look for a false bottom . he eyeball the case , turn it over and around . he start riffling money packet . he find one that bind . it have hundred on the outside but one inside with the center cut out . in the hollow be a send unit the size of a Zippo lighter . he hold the sender , stare at it . a long beat . 59 from somewhere , a dull chug . the sound be hard to read- a compressor go on , a door thud , maybe something else . the sound have bring moss 's look up . he sit listen . no further sound . moss reach to uncradle the rotary phone by the bed . he dial 0. we hear ringing filter through the handset . also , faintly , offset , we hear the ring direct from downstairs . after five ring moss cradle the phone . he go to the door , reach for the knob , but hesitates . he get down on he hand and knee and listen at the crack under the door . a open airy sound like a seashell put to you ear . moss rise and turn to the bed . he pile money back into the document case but freeze suddenly - for no reason we can see . a long beat on he motionless back . we gradually become aware of a faint high - frequency beep , barely audible . its source be indeterminate . moss clasp the document case , pick up he shotgun and ease himself to a sit position on the bed , face the door . he look at the line of light under it . the beep approach , though still not loud . a long wait . at length a soft shadow appear in the line of light below the door . it linger there . the beep -stop . a beat . now the soft shadow become more focus . it resolve into two column of dark : foot plant before the door . moss raise he shotgun toward the door . a long beat . moss adjust he grip on the shotgun and he finger tighten on the trigger . the shadow move , unhurriedly , rightward . the band of light beneath the door be once again unshadow . quiet . moss stare . 60 the band of light under the door . moss stare . silently , the light go out . something for moss to think about . he stare . the hallway behind the door be now dark . the door be define only from he side , by streetlight - spill through the window . moss stare . he shift , start to rise , do not . a beat . a report -- not a gunshot , but a stamp sound , follow by a pneumatic hiss . it bring a dull impact and moss recoil , hit . he wince , feel he chest . the door be shudder creakily in . it be all strange . moss grope in he lap and pick something up . the lock cylinder . the creak door come to rest , ajar . moss fire . the shotgun blast roar in the confine space and for a instant turn the room orange . the chew - up door wobble back against the jamb and creakily bounce in again . moss have already rise and be hoist the document case . from outside he window moss finish drape he shotgun by its strap across he back and climb out onto the ledge with the document case . he swing the document case out and drop it . the brackete for the hotel 's sign give moss a handhold . he grab it as inside the room the door be kick open . moss swing down as , with a mute thump , orange muzzleflash strobe the room . moss drop . ext . HOTEL eagle sidewalk - night moss land and grab the document case and straighten . he be at the hotel entrance , stand in the light come through the etched glass of the double door . 61 he look at he own shadow throw onto the street . he plunge through the door into the lobby as a gun thump and crackle shot chew the sidewalk . int . lobby - night moss hurry across the lobby . a glance to one side : a boot foot stick out from behind the front desk . moss slow approach the stairway . he risk a look around the stairway wall . ascend baluster fade off into the blackness of the second - story hallway . moss sag . he look back across the lobby at the front door . he unhitch he shotgun . he remain still for a moment hold the shotgun , back against the protect side of the wall . he quickly swing out and with shotgun aim up the stair he cross to the back lobby . he quietly push open the back door . ext . service alley - night outside moss emerge into a shallow service alley , dark and dirty . he be at a run when we hear soft tock and a garbage can in front of he snap and wobble . he turn look up , backpedal . another tock accompany a muzzleflash in a dark second - story window . moss fire he shotgun : loud . chip fly off the brickface and the window shatter . moss round the alley corner . he stop and squat . ext . downtown eagle pass STREET - night Wide : dark , desert downtown Eagle pass , moss a lone figure rest at a corner . Close on moss panting . he take stock , painfully feel at he upper chest where the lock hit , then touch gingerly at he side , beneath the rib , newly bloody . he sigh . 62 he listen . no noise . he get to he foot with the document case in one hand and shotgun in the other . he wait a beat , back against the wall . he swing out and fire the shotgun into the alley and then spin back and run a short block and round the next corner and stop to rest . ext . eagle pass STREET - night he wait for he breath to slow . he bring up the shotgun and ready himself . he swing out to look back around the corner . the street be empty . he wait , at the ready for whatever might emerge from the alley mouth a short block away . Long beat . stillness . a panicky think bring he look and the shotgun swinging back around : the man could round the block the other way . empty street . two empty street : moss do not know which way to cover , which way to go . he stand look each way , try to devise a plan . no basis for a plan . quiet hesitation . now , a sound : engine noise . a old pickup round a corner two block up . it rattles toward he . moss lower the shotgun . he keep it to the hide side of he body . the pickup dutifully stop at a flash red traffic light . it come on through the intersection . moss stride out into the street . he swing the shotgun up and give the driver a raise palm to halt . int . pickup / ext . eagle pass STREET - night the truck stop and moss open the passenger door and swing the case in and climb in after . 63 the driver , a older man , gape at he , frighten . moss I be not go to hurt you . I need you to -- the windshield star . a quick second round push part of the windshield in . round come in without pause , crack sheet metal , blow the cab 's rear window into the truckbed , twist the rear - view . a round seem to have catch the driver in the throat : a gurgle scream as he claw at he windpipe , blow out blood . moss , quick to react , have already duck below the dash . a snap of the driver 's head and a new freshet of blood from a shot to the head . the scream turn to low gurgle . moss , jamme almost in to the driver 's lap , frantically grope for the shift . he throw the pickup into drive and stamp at the accelerator , drive blind as bullet continue to pour in . he raise he head enough to see he side-view . it show slue , bounce , empty street , rough guide for steering . a tremendous jounce up onto the curb then off it , the driver 's body sway in its restraint . the passenger side window shatter : we be pass the gunman . now moss sit up to steer look out front . behind he through the shot - out back window the dark street be suddenly puncture by muzzleflash . it come , for the first time , with a report : the low chug of the mute shotgun . rattle of shot against sheet metal . moss floor the gas to roar into a turn . the street sweeping out of view behind he produce one more chugge muzzleflash . ext . eagle pass STREET - night the pickup bounce but moss , sit fully up , can now steer . 64 he go half the length of the block and then yank the wheel hard , brake . the pickup smashes a park car and jack around to a halt . moss emerge from the pickup with he shotgun and go to the sidewalk and backtrack . he cover behind a park car . he sit lean back against the car , wait . his point - of-view : he own reflection in the face storefront , a lot of the driver 's blood on he . he sink lower . a long beat . footstep . they approach without hurry . a gritty boot turn at the corner . the footstep come closer still . they pass and recede toward the pickup . we cut to chigurh approach the pickup , shotgun hold at ease across he body . he slow . moss : he hear the slow step . he tighten he grip on he shotgun and tense . chigurh : slow further , he see : bloody boot print outside the passenger door . moss rise . chigurh be turn . he dive as , behind he , moss fire . shot pepper two park car -- the one moss ram and the one behind . chigurh dive between they : hit or not ? moss advance down the middle of the street . he angle he head : anything under the car ? he fire twice . buckshot claw up the pavement and the car body and tire , and the car sink hiss to they rim . moss cross to the far curb , still advance . no one behind the car . 65 he look up and down the street . nothing to see . he go to the pickup truck , driver 's side . he open the door and reach over the driver 's corpse for he lap belt . ext . eagle pass border area - night desert . the pickup truck rattles into frame . moss emerge . he hoist out the case . he leave the shotgun . it be very quiet . he look around . the Rio Grande bridge . moss walk unsteadily toward it , press he free hand to he side . a think stop he . he turn . his bloody boot print point at he like comic book clue . his shoulder sag . ext . rio grande bridge - night Minutes later . moss head down the right -hand walkway in stockinge foot , boot tuck into he belt . he turn and look back toward the U.S. side . empty walkway . he proceed on . Three youth be approach from the mexican side . fart type , they be laugh and walk unsteadily . as they approach they gape at moss , cover with blood . the lead boy , hold a beer , wear a light coat . moss I will give you five hundred buck for you shirt and you coat . the three boy stare at he . at length : 66 youth let 's see the money . moss unpeel bill from a moist wad . the top one be bloody . second youth ... be you in a car accident ? moss yeah . youth okay , lemme have the money . moss it 's right here . give I the coat . youth lemme hold the money . moss do . moss gimme the clothes . the youth start to peel they . moss ... and let I have you beer . youth ... how much ? second youth Brian . give he the beer . minute later the boy be recede . moss pour the beer over he head , rub blood away . he open he shirt . he inspect the wound in he midriff , entrance and exit . pulse blood lap weakly out . he shrug off he shirt , wrap it around he waist and knot it . he start to put on the new shirt . something stop he . he pause . he vomit into the roadbed . he straighten slowly and put on the new shirt . he look out . 67 he be not yet over the river : wind stir the cane on the bank . he look up : chain-link fence enclose the walkway to a height of about twelve foot , curling inward at the top . he look down the walkway . the three boy be distant figure . he look up the walkway . a few pace up a light pole stanchion stand flush to the guardrail that separate road and walkway . he go to the stanchion and use it to hoist himself onto the guardrail , he free hand hold the case . stand on top of the curve metal rail and hold the post for balance , he kneebend down and up and heave the case . it sail clear of the chain - link fence . a short beat and we hear a thump . moss pants for a moment , recover from the strain of the toss . he ease himself off the guardrail and go to the fence and look at the bank below . one gnarled tree stand out in the cane . the case , wherever it land , be not visible . ext . guardshack mexican side - night there be a light guardshack at the end of the walkway . Inside , a uniform guard . moss walk unsteadily up . he tilt the beer bottle in salute at the guard . the guard impassively let he proceed . ext . mexican square - dawn black in black , a insanely cheerful mariachi song . fade in on the mariachis . we be look steeply up at they , dutch -angle . they beam down at we , energetically thumping they oversize guitar and bajo sextos . we boom woozily up and start to un-dutch . reverse on moss struggle to a sit position on the park bench where he would be lie . a public square . 68 back to the mariachis . beam , sing . they smile gradually fade . the play fall off to silence . in the silence , bird chirp . the musician be look quizzically down . moss 's arm swing up in the foreground , extend a bloody hundred - dollar bill . on moss . his coat have swing open to expose he bloody midriff . his look up be glaze . moss Doctor . the mariachis stare . moss waggle the bill . moss ... medico . por favor . int . ramcharger / ext . wal -mart - day we be close on a patch of its front seat . Day . the pickup be park . the piece of upholstery we be look at have blood soak into it . on the sound of the door open we cut wider . we be in the parking lot of a Wal - Mart . chigurh , climb in , toss a brown paper bag onto the passenger side . he have a dark towel wrap around one leg . as he slide behind the wheel the wrap part of he leg slide over the bloodstain . int . ramcharger / ext . pharmacy - day traveling point of view a small - town main street . we be drive past a pharmacy . chigurh , look . he park . he take a scissors from the Wal - Mart bag and a box of cotton . he open the box and cut a little disc out of the cardboard . he take a new shirt out of the bag and begin to cut through one sleeve . 69 ext . pharmacy - day shoot past a parked car chigurh limp toward we . he hold a coat hanger bent straight with the ball - up shirtsleeve hook at one end . chigurh arrive , look up and down the street . he unscrew the gas cap , feed the coat hanger in to soak the shirt , pull it back out . he tape the cardboard disc over the open gas tank . he unhook the wet shirtsleeve and jam it up over the disk . he light it and exit . inside the pharmacy - day a beat pull chigurh limping up the aisle , and then the car explode out front . the plate glass storefront blow in . the few people inside rush out ; chigurh do not react . the pharmacy counter in back be desert . chigurh lift a hinge piece of counter to enter and start look through the stock . he pull out a packet of syringe , hydrocodone tablet , penicillin . int . SMALL town motel room - day chigurh dump the pharmaceutical into the bathroom sink . in the room outside he sit on the bed and take off he boot . he unknot the towel from around he leg and stand and unbutton he pants and start cut from the crotch down with a heavy scissors . one thigh be a mess of clotted blood and tear fabric . int . motel bathroom - day bath chigurh lower himself into bath water that quickly turn pink . he lave water over he bloody thigh . there be a dark red hole , one half inch across , pulsing blood into the bath water torn piece of fabric from he pants be embed in the bleed skin . a shaving mirror we be look at the wound in a magnify mirror . forcep enter and pluck a tiny piece of blood - soak fabric from the skin . 70 running water a bathroom tap . the forcep enter . they be rinse , shake off . wider : chigurh sit on the close toilet with the mirror sit on the edge of the tub , angle toward the wound . chigurh work on clean it . int . SMALL town motel room - day the main room . the tv be on now . chigurh enter from the bathroom with he leg bandage . he sit on the bed and tear open the package of a syringe . he plunge it into a ampule of penicillin . he inject himself . int . sheriff' office - day sheriff Bell sit write in a large leatherette checkbook . he project : bell anything on that vehicle yet ? a raise female voice from the front office : voice sheriff I find out everything there be to find . that vehicle be title and register to decease people . Molly , the secretary , appear at the doorway . voice ... the owner of that blazer die twenty year ago . do you want I to see what I could find out about the mexican one ? bell no. Lord no . he hold out the checkbook . bell ... this month 's check . molly that dea agent call again . you do not want to talk to he ? 71 bell I be goin ' to try and keep from it as much as I can . molly he 's goin ' back out there and he want to know if you want to go with he . sheriff Bell be put thing away . bell well that 's cordial of he . I guess he can go wherever he want . he 's a certified agent of the United States government . he rise . bell ... could I get you to call Loretta and tell she I have go to odessa ? goin ' to visit with carla Jean moss . molly yes sheriff . bell I will call Loretta when I get there . I would call now but she will want I to come home and I just might . molly you want I to wait till you have quit the building ? bell yes I do . you do not want to lie without what it 's absolutely necessary . Molly trail he into the front office . bell ... what be it that torbert say ? about truth and justice ? molly we dedicate ourselves daily anew . something like that . 72 bell I think I be goin ' to commence dedicatin ' myself twice daily . it may come to three time before it 's over ... a loud truck - by from the street outside . sheriff Bell 's eye track the pass vehicle . bell ... what the hell ? ext . STREET - day sanderson outskirt . sheriff Bell pass a flatbe truck with a flap tarp and briefly blurp he siren to pull it over . he park on the shoulder in front of the truck and then walk back to the driver who watch he approach , chew gum with blithe unconcern . driver sheriff . bell have you look at you load lately ? a minute later both man be at the back of the truck . bell that 's a damned outrage . driver oh . one of the tiedown work lose . Bell whip the tarp back to expose eight corpse wrap blue sheet bound with tape . bell how many do you leave with ? the driver be still smile . driver I be not lose none of them , sheriff . bell could not you all of take a van out there ? 73 driver do not have no van with four- wheel drive . sheriff Bell pull the tarp down and tie it . the driver watch without help . driver ... you go to write I up for improperly secure load ? sheriff Bell cinch the knot tight . bell you get you ass out of here . int . hospital room - day moss , in bed , stir at a off screen voice : voice I be guessin ' ... this be not the future you picture for yourself when you first clapped eye on that money . moss blearily focus on : a fancy crocodile boot . his look rise from the boot , cross on he visitor 's knee , up to the man 's face . carson Wells smile at he from the bedside chair . well ... do not worry . I be not the man that 's after you . moss I know , I have see he . sort of . Wells be surprised . well you have see he . and you be not dead . he nod , impressed . well ... but that will not last . moss what be he suppose to be , the ultimate bad - ass ? 74 well I do not think that 's how I would describe he . moss how would you describe he ? well I guess I would say ... that he do not have a sense of humor . his name be chigurh . moss sugar ? well chigurh . Anton chigurh . you know how he find you ? moss I know how he find I . well it 's call a transponder . moss I know what it be . he will not find I again . well not that way . moss not any way . well take I about three hour . moss I be immobile . well no . you do not understand . Wells sit back and study moss . well ... what do you do ? moss I be retire . 75 well what do you do ? moss I be a welder . well acetylene ? mig ? tig ? moss any of it . if it can be weld I can weld it . well cast iron ? moss yes . well I do not mean braze . moss I do not say braze . well pot metal ? moss what do I say ? well be you in nam ? moss yeah . I be in nam . well so be I . moss so what do that make I ? you buddy ? Wells sit smile at he . a beat . well look . you need to give I the money . I have get no other reason to protect you . 76 moss too late . I spend it -- about a million and a half on whore and whiskey and the rest of it I just sort of blow it in . Wells ' smile stay in place . well how do you know he 's not on he way to odessa ? moss stare at he . a beat . moss why would he go to odessa ? well to kill you wife . another beat . moss maybe he should be worried . about I . well he be not . you be not cut out for this . you be just a guy that happen to find that vehicle . moss do not respond . well ... you do not take the product , do you ? moss what product . well the heroin . you do not have it . moss no I do not have it . well no . you do not . he rise . 77 well ... I be across the river . at the Hotel Eagle . carson Wells . call I when you have have enough . I can even let you keep a little of the money . moss if I be cuttin ' deal , why would not I go deal with this guy chigurh ? well no no . no . you do not understand . you can not make a deal with he . even if you give he the money he would still kill you . he 's a peculiar man . you could even say that he have principle . principle that transcend money or drug or anything like that . he 's not like you . he 's not even like I . moss he do not talk as much as you , I give he point for that . int . coffee shop - odessa - day sheriff Bell rise from a booth , take off he hat . bell carla Jean , I thank you for comin' . she sit . he sit . carla jean do not know why I do . I tell you , I do not know where he be . bell you be not hear from he ? carla jean no I be not . bell nothin ' ? carla jean not word one . bell would you tell I if you have ? 78 carla jean well , I do not know . he do not need any trouble from you . bell it 's not I he 's in trouble with . carla jean who 's he in trouble with then ? bell some pretty bad people . carla jean llewelyn can take care of hisself . bell this people will kill he , carla Jean . they will not quit . carla jean he will not neither . he never have . bell I wish I could say that be in he favor . but I have to say I do not think it be . carla jean he can take all comer . Bell look at she . after a beat : bell you know Charlie walser ? have the place east of sanderson ? she shake she head , shrug . bell ... well you know how they use to slaughter beeve , hit them with a maul right here to stun them ... indicate between he own eye . 79 bell ... and then truss them up and slit they throat ? well here Charlie have one truss up and all set to drain he and the beef come to . it start thrashing around , six hundred pound of very piss - off livestock if you ' will pardon my ... Charlie grab he gun there to shoot the damn thing in the head but what with the swingin ' and twistin ' it 's a glance - shot and ricochet around and come back hit Charlie in the shoulder . you go see Charlie , he still can not reach up with he right hand for he hat ... Point bein ' , even in the contest between man and cow the issue be not certain . he take a sip of coffee , leave room for carla Jean to argue if inclined . she do not . sheriff Bell hand a card across . bell ... when llewelyn call , just tell he I can make he safe . she take the card . sheriff Bell sip . bell ... course , they slaughter beeve different now . use a air gun . shoot out a rod , about this far into the brain ... he hold thumb and forefinger a couple inch apart . bell ... suck back in . Animal never know what hit he . another beat . carla Jean stare at he . carla jean why you tellin ' I that , sheriff ? bell I do not know . my mind wander . 80 ext . rio grande bridge - afternoon late Day . carson Wells grab a light pole stanchion to hoist himself onto the guardrail . he stand atop it , eyeing the chain - link fence across the walkway . he climb down and cross to the fence and look down : the brown , sluggish water of the Rio Grande . looking down the walkway carson Wells enter frame and recede down the walkway . when he draw even with the next stanchion he look down through the fence : cane on the riverbank , and one gnarled tree . int . HOTEL eagle lobby - night twilight . carson Wells enter the hotel and cross the lobby . int . stairway - night carson Wells appear around the corner and we pull he as he mount the stair . when he be about halfway up a figure -- focus do not hold he -- round the corner behind and silently follow , hold a fat- barrel shotgun loosely at he side . after a few step carson Wells stop , frown , cue by we do not know what . focus drop back as he turn . chigurh raise the shotgun . chigurh hello carson . let 's go to you room . 2 nd HOTEL eagle room - night chigurh sit into a chair draw up to face the armchair where carson Wells sit . well we do not have to do this . I be a daytrader . I could just go home . chigurh why would I let you do that ? well I know where the money be . 81 chigurh if you know , you would have it with you . well I need dark . to get it . I know where it be . chigurh I know something better . well what 's that . chigurh I know where it 's go to be . well and where be that . chigurh it will be bring to I and place at my foot . Wells wipe he mouth with he hand . well you do not know to a certainty . twenty minute it could be here . chigurh I do know to a certainty . and you know what 's go to happen now . you should admit you situation . there would be more dignity in it . well you go to hell . a beat . chigurh let I ask you something . if the rule you follow bring you to this , of what use be the rule ? another beat . well do you have any idea how goddamn crazy you be ? 82 chigurh you mean the nature of this conversation ? well I mean the nature of you . chigurh look at he equably . Wells hold he look . well ... you can have the money . Anton . the phone ring . Wells look at the phone . chigurh have not move . Wells look at chigurh , wait for a decision . the low chug of the shotgun . aside from he finger on the trigger , chigurh have not move . he sit stare at Wells 's remain for a beat . now he look swing onto the phone . he watch it ring twice more . he pick it up and listen without speak . after a beat : moss' voice ... hello ? chigurh yes ? another beat . moss' voice be carson Wells there . a longer beat . chigurh not in the sense that you mean . moss do not answer . chigurh give he a beat , and then : chigurh ... you need to come see I . 83 mexican hospital ward - night we intercut moss , in he hospital robe , at a public phone on the ward . he stand tense with the phone to he ear . finally : moss who be this . chigurh you know who it be . a beat . chigurh ... you need to talk to I . moss I do not need to talk to you . chigurh I think that you do . do you know where I be go ? moss why would I care where you be go . chigurh do you know where I be go ? no answer . int . 2 nd HOTEL eagle room - night chigurh cock he head , notice something on the floor . he adjust to sit back and raise he boot onto the bed . on the floor where he foot be , blood be pool out from Wells 's chair . chigurh ... I know where you be . moss yeah ? where be I ? chigurh you be in the hospital across the river . but that 's not where I be go . do you know where I be go ? moss yeah . I know where you be go . 84 chigurh all right . moss you know she will not be there . chigurh it do not make any difference where she be . moss so what be you goin ' up there for . a beat . chigurh you know how this be go to turn out , do not you ? moss no . do you ? chigurh yes , I do . I think you do too . so this be what I will offer . you bring I the money and I will let she go . otherwise she 's accountable . the same as you . that 's the best deal you be go to get . I will not tell you you can save yourself because you can not . moss yeah I be goin ' to bring you something ' all right . I have decide to make you a special project of mine . you be not goin ' to have to look for I at all . moss slam the phone onto its hook , then slam it twice more for good measure . chigurh , in the hotel room , cradle he phone . int . coffee shop - day sheriff Bell sit at he usual booth , but with a unaccustom look : read glass . he have be look at a newspaper but be now peer over he glass up at wendell who apparently interrupt he read . bell the motel in Del Rio ? wendell nod . 85 wendell yessir . none of the three have id on them but they be tellin ' I all three be mexican . be mexican . bell there 's a question . whether they stop bein ' . and when . wendell yessir . bell now , wendell , do you inquire about the cylinder lock ? wendell yessir . it be punch out . bell okay . wendell you gonna drive out there ? bell no , that 's the only thing I would have look for . and it sound like this boy die of natural cause . wendell how 's that , sheriff ? bell Natural to the line of work they be in . wendell yessir . bell my lord , wendell , it 's just all - out war . I do not know any other word for it . who be this folk ? I do not know ... he rattles the paper . 86 bell ... here last week they find this couple out in California they would rent out room to old people and then kill they and bury they in the yard and cash they social security check . they would torture they first , I do not know why . maybe they television set be break . and this go on until , and here I quote ... he look through he glass at the paper . bell ... " neighbor be alert when a man run from the premise wear only a dog collar . " you can not make up such a thing as that . I dare you to even try . he peer over he glass at wendell who respectfully shake he head and tsk . sheriff Bell rattles the paper again . bell ... but that 's what it take , you ' will notice . get someone 's attention . diggin grave in the back yard do not bring any . wendell bite back a smile . sheriff Bell gaze at he over he glass for a long beat , deadpan . bell ... that 's all right . I laugh myself sometimes . he go back to the paper . bell ... there be not a whole lot else you can do . ext . border shack - day moss , a coat throw over he hospital robe , be stand before a uniform INS official on the Rio Grande bridge . the official , who look like a marine drill instructor , be chew . he chew for a long beat , stare at moss . he finally spit tobacco juice and pat he lower lip with a handkerchief . 87 official who do you think get through this gate into the United States of America ? moss I do not know . american citizen . official some american citizen . who do you think decide ? moss you do , I reckon . official that be correct . and how do I decide ? moss I do not know . official I ask question . if I get sensible answer then they get to go to America . if I do not get sensible answer they do not . be there anything about that that you do not understand ? moss no sir . official then I ask you again how you come to be out here with no clothes . moss I get a overcoat on . official be you jackin ' with I ? moss no sir . official do not jack with I . moss yes sir . official be you in the service ? 88 moss no sir . I be a veteran . official nam ? moss yes sir . two tour . official what outfit . moss twelfth infantry batallion . August seventh nineteen and sixty - six to July second nineteen and sixty -eight . the official stare at he , chew , sour . official Wilson ! guard yessir . official get someone to help this man . he need to get into town . int . general store - day the clerk who earlier sell he the boot : clerk how that larry holdin ' up ? moss be walk up in he boot and overcoat and hospital robe . moss good . I need everything else . clerk okay . moss you get a lot of people come in here with no clothes on ? clerk no sir , it 's unusual . 89 ext . river bank - day we be look across the Rio Grande . moss appear over the near edge of the river bank , newly clothed , and hold the document case . as he reach the top of the bank he frown and twist he neck , respond to a irritation . he feel around with he free hand inside the back of the shirt collar . a sharp yank . his hand come away with a small tag . int . greyhound station - del rio - day the document case be rest on a small foreground counter . moss be at a pay phone , one hand hold the phone to he ear , the other rest on the case . the voice on the phone be old , female , and querulous : voice she do not want to talk to you . moss yes she do . put she on . voice do you know what time it be ? moss I do not care what time it be . do not you hang up this phone . voice I tell she what be go to happen , do not i. chapter and verse . I say : this be what will come to pass . and now it have come to pass -- scuff sound , a sharp " mama ! " , and then , into the phone : carla jean llewelyn ? moss hey . carla jean what should I do ? moss you know what 's goin ' on ? 90 carla jean I do not know , I have the sheriff here from Terrell County -- moss what do you tell he ? carla jean what do I know to tell he . you be hurt , be not you ? moss what make you say that ? carla jean I can hear it in you voice . mother ( distant ) there be falseness in he voice ! moss meet I at the heart of Texas motel in El paso . I be gonna give you the money and put you on a plane . carla jean llewelyn , I be not gonna leave you in the lurch . moss no . this work better . with you go and I do not have the money , he can not touch I . but I can sure touch he . after I find he I will come and join you . carla jean find who ? what be I suppose to do with mother ? moss she will be all right . carla jean she will be all right ? mother ( distant ) be all right ! I have get the cancer ! moss I do not think anybody will bother she . 91 office hallway - day a lock cylinder it blow in . the hole show a brightly light cinderblock wall behind . the door swing open and the air tank be swing in and deposit on carpet . wider : chigurh enter the carpete hallway from the cinderblock stairwell , hold the trick - out shotgun . the hallway be white wallboard , door open off it at long interval . chigurh stand still and listen . nothing but the hum of ventilation . he walk quietly to the one open door twenty foot away . int . office - day he enter . the man who hire carson Wells be behind he desk , in front of the floor - to- ceiling window . he look up from papers , slip off he read glass . on see the shotgun he open a desk drawer and start to rise . chung -- the shotgun blast knock he back . shot pit but do not break the window . a man in a suit rise and turn from the chair opposite the desk , very slowly , as if to advertise that he be not a threat . chigurh ignore he and round the desk to look at the man gurgle on the floor . after a beat , still look down at the man he have shot : chigurh who be you ? a long beat . man at chair ... I ? chigurh yes . man at chair nobody . account . chigurh finally look up at he . 92 chigurh he give acosta 's people a receiver . man at chair he feel ... he feel ... the more people look ... chigurh that 's foolish . you pick the one right tool . chigurh incline he head toward the pock glass of the picture window . chigurh ... for instance . I use birshot . so as not to blow the window . man at chair I see . he still have not move , one hand still touch the armrest . man at chair ... be you go to shoot I ? chigurh look at he . chigurh that depend . do you see I ? the man stare at he for a beat . man at chair no . int . cab - odessa - day eye in a rear - view mirror eye in a weathered face shift back and forth between road and mirror , where they give nodd acknowledgment to the passenger . mother' voice and I always see this be what it would come to . Three year ago I pre - vision it . wider show carla Jean and she mother in the back of the move cab . 93 carla jean it be not even three year we be marry . mother Three year ago I say they very word . no and good . driver yes mar 'am . mother now here we be . ninety degree heat . I get the cancer . and look at this . not even a home to go to . driver yes mar 'am . mother we be goin ' to El paso Texas . you know how many people I know in El paso Texas ? driver no mar 'am . she hold up thumb and forefinger curl to make a 0 . mother that 's how many . ninety degree heat . ext . bus station - odessa - day the cab be stop outside the depot . carla Jean and she mother and the driver be at the trunk struggle over bag . carla jean I get it mama . mother I do not see my prednizone . carla jean I put it in , mama . mother well I do not see it . carla jean well I put it in . that one . you just set there . I will get ticket and a cart for the bag . 94 as carla Jean go to the station a man emerge from a car pull up behind . he be a well - dress mexican of early middle age . mexican do you need help with the bag , madam ? mother well thank god there 's one gentleman leave in West Texas . yes thank you . I be old and I be not well . mexican which bus be you take ? mother we be go to El paso , do not ask I why . discombobulate by a no-account son-in-law . thank you . you do not often see a mexican in a suit . mexican you go to El paso ? I know it . where be you stay ? int . bus station - day carla Jean be at a phone booth . after a short wait , a pickup and a filter : sheriff bell carla Jean , how be you . carla jean sheriff , be that a true story about Charlie walser ? bell who 's Charlie walser . oh ! well , I , uh ... true story ? I could not swear to ever detail but ... it 's certainly true that it be a story . carla jean yeah , right . sheriff , can you give I you word on somethin' ? sheriff bell office - day we intercut sheriff Bell in he office . bell yes mar 'am ? 95 carla jean if I tell you where llewelyn 's head , you promise it will be just you go and talk with he -- you and nobody else ? bell yes mar 'am , I do . carla jean llewelyn would never ask for help . he never think he need any . bell carla Jean , I will not harm you man . and he need help , whether he know it or not . ext . road - day chigurh a drive point-of-view approach chigurh , who lean against he ramcharger , its hood up , stop on the shoulder on the opposite side of the road . reverse show a man in a El camino . chicken in stack cage squawk and flutter in the bed . the man slow and roll he window down to lean out . man what 's the problem there , neighbor . minute later the man have pull he vehicle over nose - to- nose with chigurh 's . he be rummage in the car behind the seat . his voice come out muffle : man yeah , that will suck some power . over time . chigurh you from around here ? the man emerge with jumper cable . man Alpine . bear and breed . here ya go . he hand one pair of lead to chigurh . 96 chigurh what airport would you use . man huh ? Airport or airstrip ? chigurh Airport . man well -- where ya goin ' ? chigurh I do not know . man just lightin ' out for the territory , huh . brother , I be there ... well ... he take off he hat and draw a sleeve across he brow , think . man ... there 's airstrip . he turn with he pair of lead to clamp they onto he battery . on he back : man ... the airport be El paso . you want some place specific you might could be better off just drivin ' to Dallas . not have to connect . he turn back around to face chigurh who stand there , still hold he pair of lead . man ... you gonna clamp they , buddy ? chigurh be look at he blandly . chigurh can you get that chicken crate out of the bed . the man stare at he . man what be you talkin ' about ? 97 ext . car wash - day coin slot quarter be feed in . wider as chigurh unholster the wand at a self - service car wash . he spray the spatter - pattern rust - color stain off the roof of the cab of the El camino . Water drum as he spray chicken feather out of the bed . ext . motel - EL paso - day moss be turn the key in he room door , a new vinyl gun bag sling over he shoulder . at the cut the roar of a plane climb overhead recede . out of it , a voice : woman hey Mr. sport goods . moss look . a woman sunbathes at the central court swim pool . a lot of hard light . moss hey yourself . the woman be pretty in a roadhouse - veteran sort of way . her voice carry a flat echo , slapping off the surface of the pool . woman you a sport ? moss sling the bag into the room onto the bed and then turn and lean against a veranda post . moss that 's I . woman I get beer in my room . moss hold up he leave hand to show the ring . moss waitin ' for my wife . 98 woman oh . that 's who you keep lookin ' out the window for ? moss half . woman what else then ? moss lookin ' for what 's comin' . woman yeah but no one ever see that . I like a man that will tell you he 's marry . moss then you will like I . woman I do like you . a beat . lapping water . woman ... beer . that 's what 's comin ' , I will bring the ice chest out here . you can stay marry . Building jet roar from another climb plane . moss ma 'am I know what beer lead to . the woman laugh . before the plane overwhelm it : woman beer lead to more beer . int . sheriff bell cruiser - day sheriff bell driving . as he drive he refer to one side of the road , a commercial strip , look for something . we hear the fade roar of a large airplane . the tock tock of distant gunfire bring he look around . a beat . another tock . the chatter of machine - gun fire . another single shot . 99 sheriff Bell stamp the accelerator and hit he siren . ext . motel STREET - day point-of-view racing toward the motel : a pickup with a rack of roof light roar out . Tire squeal , machine - gun chatter and dog bark . the truck turn toward we , then slew around and speed away , fishtail . ext . motel courtyard - day point-of-view turn into the central court : a man be crawl on he belly along the veranda toward the street . sheriff Bell skid to a halt and get out . we hear scream , a child cry . sheriff Bell jog toward the crawl man , one hand on he holster gun . behind the man on the veranda be he abandon machine pistol . he be a mexican in a guyabera . sheriff Bell yell at a scared face in a crack door : bell call police . he be still jogging . a glance to the side : Rough point- of-view of a woman 's body , belly - down at the lip of the pool , head and upper torso in the water . Rough point- of-view forward : a open room door . boot foot stick out . sheriff Bell arrive . moss be face - up , mostly inside the room . the new gun bag be next to he . the gun be in hand . he be still . voice . sheriff Bell glance off . bell ... call you local law enforcement . I be not on they radio . ext . motel - night night . the entrance be block by police vehicle . people stand around in knot . sheriff Bell be talk to the local sheriff . a door slam attract he look . 100 carla Jean have get out of the far side of a cab . on the near side the driver be lean in to help she mother out . after a couple of rock attempt she have enough inertia to come to she foot outside the vehicle . carla Jean be advance slowly toward sheriff Bell , take in the scene . sheriff Bell step toward she . her eye track he hand as he raise it to he hat . he take it off . bell carla Jean ... carla jean no . int . hospital / morgue - night look down a long corridor flanke by a wall of stainless steel drawer . at the far end stand Bell , hat in hand , stare down into a open drawer just in front of he . a long beat . ext . hospital / morgue - night the local sheriff , roscoe giddin , stand smoking under the port cochere in front of the hospital . sheriff Bell emerge from the building . a long beat . bell I do not know who she be . he put he hat back on . roscoe I think maybe she be with you boy there . bell no id in she room ? roscoe not hardly nothin ' in she room . and that establishment be no stickler on registration . well ... the two man start walk . 101 roscoe ... County will bury she . here lies female , unknown . her number be up. a walk beat . roscoe ... buy you a cup of coffee before you drive home ? coffee shop - EL paso - night roscoe and sheriff Bell face each other over coffee . bell no money in he room there ? roscoe couple hundred on he person . that hombre would have take the stash . bell I suppose . though they be leavin ' in a hurry . roscoe it 's all the goddamn money , Ed Tom . the money and the drug . it 's just goddamn beyond everything . what be it mean ? what be it lead to ? bell yes . roscoe if you would a tell I twenty year ago I would see child walkin' the street of we Texas town with green hair and bone in they nose I just flat out would not of believe you . bell Signs and wonder . but I think once you stop hearin ' sir and madam the rest be soon to follow . roscoe it 's the tide . it 's the dismal tide . it be not the one thing . 102 bell not the one thing . I use to think I could at least some way put thing right . I do not feel that way no more . a beat . bell ... I do not know what I do feel like . roscoe try " old " on for size . bell yessir . it may be that . in a nutshell . ext . coffee shop parking lot - night the two man be walk out . roscoe none of that explain you man though . bell uh-huh . roscoe he be just a goddamn homicidal lunatic , Ed Tom . bell I be not sure he 's a lunatic . roscoe well what would you call he . bell I do not know . sometimes I think he 's pretty much a ghost . roscoe he 's real all right . bell oh yes . roscoe all that at the Eagle Hotel . it 's beyond everything . bell yes , he have some hard bark on he . 103 roscoe that do not hardly say it . he shoot the desk clerk one day , and walk right back in the next and shoot a retire army colonel . they have reach sheriff Bell 's cruiser and he sit in . bell hard to believe . roscoe stroll right back into a crime scene . who would do such a thing ? how do you defend against it ? roscoe close the door for sheriff Bell . roscoe ... good trip Ed Tom . I be sorry we could not help you boy . he be walk away . sheriff Bell sit think in the cruiser . he make no move for the ignition . a long beat . ext . motel now very late , empty of onlooker and emergency vehicle . sheriff Bell 's cruiser pull up just inside the courtyard . he cut he engine . sheriff Bell sit look at the motel . very quiet . after a long beat he get out of the car . he push its door shut quietly , with two hand . he look up the veranda . the one door , most of the way up , have yellow tape across it . its loose end wave in a light breeze . sheriff Bell look up the street . nothing much to attract he attention . ext . motel veranda sheriff Bell step up onto the veranda . he take slow , quiet step . 104 we intercut he point-of-view , near the door mark by police tape . as he draw close to the door he slow . the yellow tape be about chest high . above it be the lock cylinder . it have be punch hollow . sheriff Bell stand stare at the lock . very quiet . the chick , chick , of the tape - end against the door frame . still . int . motel room inside chigurh be still also . just on the other side of the door , he stand hold he shotgun . from inside , the tap of the breeze-blown tape be dull but perceptible . it count out beat . chigurh be also look at the lock cylinder . the curve brass of its hollow interior hold a reflection of the motel room exterior . light and shape . the curvature distort to unrecognizability what be reflect , but we see the color of sheriff Bell 's uniform . the reflection be very still . then , slow movement . outside sheriff Bell finish bring he hand to he holster gun . it rest there . still once again . his point - of-view of the lock . the reflection from here , darker , be hard to read . inside chigurh , still . outside sheriff Bell , he hand on he holster gun . a long beat . his hand drop . 105 he extend one boot toe . he nudge the door inward . as the lock cylinder slowly recede , reflect shape scramble inside it and slide up its curve . before the door be fully open we cut around : from inside the door finish creak open . sheriff Bell be a silhouette in the doorway . a still beat . at length sheriff Bell duck under the chest - high police tape to enter . the wear carpet have a large dark stain that glisten near the door . sheriff Bell step over it , advance slowly . the room be dimly light shape . there be a bathroom door in the depth of the room . sheriff Bell advance toward it . he stop in front of it . he toe the door . it creak slowly open . int . motel bathroom the bathroom , with no spill light from outside , be pitch black . sheriff Bell reach slowly up with one hand . he grope at the inside wall . the light go on : bright . White tile . sheriff Bell squint . a beat . he take a step in . he look at the small window . he look at the window 's swivel - catch , lock . int . MAIN room sheriff Bell emerge from the bathroom . he sit heavily onto the bed . he look around , not for anything in particular . his look catch on something low , just in front of he : a ventilation duct near the baseboard . its open be expose ; its grille lie on the floor before it . 106 sheriff Bell stare . at length he lean forward . he nudge the grille aside . on the floor , a couple of screw . a coin . ext . west TEXAS cabin - day a cat lick itself on a plank floor , stiffen leg point out . it suddenly stop and look up , ear perk . a freeze beat , and then it bolt . the camera boom up to frame the barren west Texas landscape outside the window of this isolate cabin . a pickup truck be approach , trail dust . the cat reenter frame outside , run across the rutte gravel in front of the house as the pickup slow . int . west TEXAS cabin - kitchen - day Ellis , a old man in a wheelchair , have one cloud eye . ellis minute back ! sheriff Bell enter . bell how would you know I be here . ellis who else would be in you truck . bell you hear it ? ellis how 's that ? bell you hear my -- you havin ' fun with I ? ellis what give you that idea . I see one of the cat hear it . bell but -- how would you know it be mine ? 107 ellis I deduce it . once you walk in . sheriff Bell stare at he . bell how many a that thing you get now ? ellis cat ? several . wal. depend what you mean by get . some be half - wild , and some be just outlaw . bell how you be , Ellis ? ellis you lookin ' at it . I get to say you look older . bell I be older . ellis get a letter from you wife . she write pretty regular , tell I the family news . bell do not know there be any . ellis she just tell I you be quittin' . sit down . sheriff Bell lift a electric percolator off the counter . bell want a cup ? ellis ' predate it . bell how fresh be this coffee ? ellis I generally make a fresh pot ever week even if there 's some leave over . sheriff Bell pour some . bell that man that shot you die in prison . 108 ellis in angola . yeah . bell what would you a do if he would be release ? ellis I do not know . nothin ' . would not be no point to it . bell I be kindly surprised to hear you say that . ellis all the time you spend tryin ' to get back what 's be take from you there 's more goin ' out the door . after a while you just try and get a tourniquet on it . he tap a cigarette ash into a mason jar lid on the table in front of he . ellis ... you granddad never ask I to sign on as deputy . I do that my own self . Loretta say you be quittin' . bell yes , you have circle round . ellis how come be you doin that ? bell I do not know . I feel overmatch . a beat . bell ... I always think when I get older God would sort of come into my life in some way . he do not . I do not blame he . if I be he I would have the same opinion about I that he do . ellis you do not know what he think . 109 bell yes I do . a beat . ellis I send uncle Mac 's badge and he old thumbbuster to the ranger . for they museum there . you daddy ever tell you how uncle Mac come to he reward ? sheriff Bell shrug . ellis ... shot down on he own porch there in hudspeth County . there be seven or eight of them come to the house . wantin ' this and wantin ' that . Mac go back in and get he shotgun but they be way ahead of he . shot he down in he own doorway . aunt ella run out and try to stop the bleedin' . him tryin to get hold of the shotgun again . they just set there on they horse watchin ' he die . finally one of them say something ' in injun and they all turn and leave out . well Mac know the score even if aunt ella do not . shot through the leave lung and that be that . as they say . bell when do he die ? ellis nineteen zero and nine . bell no , I mean be it right away or in the night or when be it . ellis believe it be that night . she bury he the next mornin ' . diggin ' in that hard caliche . a beat . 110 ellis ... what you get be not nothin ' new . this country be hard on people . hard and crazy . get the devil in it yet folk never seem to hold it to account . bell most do not . ellis you be discourage . bell I be ... discourage . ellis you can not stop what 's comin . ai not all waitin ' on you . the two man look at each other . Ellis shake he head . ellis ... that 's vanity . after a beat , a fast fade . ext . gravesite - odessa - day in black we hear the chink -chink - chink of chain be play out and the hum of a motor . we cut to a dark foreground shape be lower in sync with the clinking sound . as it drop it clear a tombstone progressively revealed : the name , agnes kracik . her date : 1922-1980 . the inscription : belove mother . off that we cut to carla Jean , stand by in a black dress and dark veil . ext . a SMALL suburban house - day a parched square of grass in front of the house . a rusty station wagon pull into the driveway and stop . carla Jean get out . 111 int . kitchen carla Jean enter and put on the kettle . she open the cupboard look for something . kitchen - later carla Jean sit at the kitchen table drink tea . she look out the window . across the street kid be run through a sprinkler that chug in the yard . int . bedroom bedroom door the door open and carla Jean enter hold she hat and veil . she throw the light switch and stop , hand freeze , look into the room . after a beat : carla jean I know this be not do with . chigurh sit at the far end of the room in the late- afternoon shadow . chigurh no . carla jean I be not get the money . chigurh no . carla jean what little I have be long go and they 's bill aplenty to pay yet . I bury my mother today . I be not pay for that neither . chigurh I would not worry about it . carla jean ... I need to sit down . chigurh nod at the bed and carla Jean sit down , hugging she hat and veil . 112 carla jean ... you get no cause to hurt I . chigurh no . but I give my word . carla jean you give you word ? chigurh to you husband . carla jean that do not make sense . you give you word to my husband to kill I ? chigurh you husband have the opportunity to remove you from harm 's way . instead , he use you to try to save himself . carla jean not like that . not like you say . chigurh I do not say anything . except it be foreseen . a beat . carla jean I know you be crazy when I see you settin ' there . I know exactly what be in store for I . chigurh yes . thing fall into place . ext . house Minutes later . a beat . the front door swing open and chigurh emerge . he pause with one hand on the jamb and look at the sole of each boot in turn . he go to the pickup in the driveway . 113 int . pickup / ext . intersection - a minute later he be drive . his point - of-view : come upon a empty intersection , he light green . back to chigurh . he just start to turn he head to the right . a huge crash . ext . intersection chigurh 's pickup have be t-bon by a old crate of a pickup . both vehicle slide to a halt amid break glass in the middle of the intersection . the windshield of the truck that run the light be mostly go . the driver be drape dead on the wheel . after a beat the door of chigurh 's truck be push open . he stagger out , heavily favor one leg where the jeans be shred and bloody at the thigh . one arm be also bloody and hang limp . blood run down he face from a scalp wound . he stagger to a lawn and sit . he look up . two teenage boy have come out of somewhere . they goggle at he . boy 1 mister there 's a bone stickin ' out of you arm . chigurh I be all right . let I just sit here a minute . boy 2 there 's a ambulance comin . man over yonder go to call . chigurh all right . boy 1 be you all right ? you get a bone stickin ' out of you arm . 114 chigurh what will you take for that shirt ? the two boy look at each other . they look back . boy 2 what shirt ? chigurh any damn shirt . I need something to wrap around my head and I need a sling for this arm . Boy 2 unbutton he shirt . boy 2 Hell mister , I will give you my shirt . chigurh use he tooth to clamp the shirt and rip it and wrap a swatch around he head . he twist the rest of the shirt into a sling and put the limp arm in . boy 1 look at that fuckin ' bone . chigurh tie this for I . the two boy look at each other . chigurh ... just tie it . Boy 2 , the one now wear a T-shirt , tie it . chigurh pull a bill clip from he pocket and draw a bill out with he tooth . he hold it out to the boy . boy 2 Hell mister , I do not mind helpin' somebody out . that 's a lot of money . chigurh take it . take it and you do not see I . I be already go . boy 2 yessir . Wide on chigurh limping off . we can just hear the boy , small : 115 boy 1 part of that 's mine . boy 2 you still get you damn shirt . boy 1 that be not what it be for . boy 2 maybe , but I be still out a shirt . int . bell kitchen - day Loretta pour sheriff Bell and then herself morning coffee . bell maybe I will go ridin . loretta okay . bell what do you think . loretta I can not plan you day . bell I mean , would you care to join I . loretta Lord no . I be not retire . a beat . sheriff Bell sip he coffee . bell maybe I will help here then . a beat . Loretta take a sip . loretta better not . they both sip . loretta ... how would you sleep ? 116 bell I do not know . have dream . loretta well you get time for them now . anything interesting ? bell well they always be to the party concerned . loretta Ed Tom , I will be polite . bell okay . two of them . both have my father . it 's peculiar . I be older now and he ever be by twenty year . so in a sense he 's the young man . anyway , first one I do not remember so well but it be about meetin ' he in town somewhere and he give I some money and I think I lose it . the second one , it be like we be both back in older time and I be on horseback goin ' through the mountain of a night . ext . snowy mountain pass - night we cut to night , and snow . it be the image that the movie begin with . continue in voice over : voice over ...goin ' through this pass in the mountain . it be cold and snowin ' , hard ridin ' . hard country . he ride past I and keep on goin ' . never say nothin ' goin ' by . he just ride on past and he have he blanket wrap around he and he head down ... the rider pass as describe , horse ' hoof drum and scatter divot of earth and snow . 117 voice over ... and when he ride past I see he be carryin ' fire in a horn the way people use to do and I could see the horn from the light inside of it . about the color of the moon . and in the dream I know that he be goin ' on ahead and that he be fixin ' to make a fire somewhere out there in all that dark and all that cold , and I know that whenever I get there he would be there . out there up ahead . the rider recede and the image fade , the horn bear fire go last . the end