i ) vane protozoa picture noah by Darren aronofsky and ari handel in the beginning there be nothing . just darkness . from black emerge the apple : in perfect form , velvet skin , burst with juice , it hang precariously from a strain twig in eden invisible ring of pulsing energy emerge from the fruit , tickle we eye . a woman 's hand reach up and pluck the forbidden apple . the twig recoil . behind we , out of sight , we hear crunch . fade to black . return on a man 's hand . a fist grip a rock . his fingertip pale from lack of blood . the man descend on a second man . his brother . the rock rise up . cain strike abel down . the rock drop into the spread puddle of blood . cain walk away into blackness now there be nothing again . just darkness . we hear a woman cry . a man cry too . Children crry . Men shout . woman scream . Children howl . Men fight . woman kill . Children die . horse hoof pound . sword clash . animal squeal . warfare everywhere . army smash into each other . the earth burn . dissonance become deafen white noise . pierce agony . suddenly , smash back to : D silence beat . and this word emerge : Genesis 6:5 the creator see that the wickedness of man be great on the earth , and it grieve his heart . so the creator say , '' I be sorry that I have make they . I will blot out man whom I create from the face of the ground . '' fade in : on noah at 35 , the world already weigh heavy on he shoulder . deep line mark he brow . on hand and knee he scrape lichen and herb from a pock -mark rock . he collect they in a satchel on he hip . he search for more plant on a barren hillside the earth be scorched and gray . all be dead except for the few scraggly plant that fight to stand up straight . the dust fill air diffuse the low-hanging red sun . then , near noah , a single drop of rain slam into the ground . noah look up at the dull sky . not a cloud in sight . he watch the dry earth suck up the moisture . soon only the tiny crater where the drop hit be leave . a strange wind whistle low across the ground . a unintelligible whisper ride the air . noah look around , confuse . his eldest son , shem , collect herb up on top of a nearby ridge . the clear-ey 7 year - old seem not to have hear anything . noah 's 5 - year old middle son , ham , play with a flowering weed . he too seem to have hear nothing . i no one else be around . noah shem ? shem what father ? noah do you feel rain ? shem look up into the sky . he see nothing . shem no father . noah shrug . they both return to work . meanwhile , Ham pluck a white weed flower . he add it to a collection in he palm . he look up mischievously . as noah work , Ham sneak up and drop a flower into the satchel . noah do not notice . Ham drop another blossom in . noah see the weed flower and toss it out . he return to work . Ham drop another flower in . noah catch he . . noah ( sternly ) Ham ! the boy freeze . his father 's word law . he drop the flower and tear up . noah 's heart melt . he descend on he son , load with tickle . the boy 's tear turn into breathless giggle . noah smile . he point to another patch of flower , noah pretty . pick more for mother . Ham waddle off . noah watch he . his smile fade too quickly . then , a second drop of rain hit near he foot . he look down . a thunderous rain instantly muddy the ground . he look up . the rain be go . the dull sky clear . the ground be perfectly dry as if nothing happen . for a moment , strangely , the crater in the dust remain . and then they be blow away . it be the wind again , stronger now , the whisper louder . noah spin , afraid . nothing to see . he look up at shem . his son notice nothing . the boy stare off into a neighbor valley . suspicious , noah scan the horizon through squinted eye . shem ( 0.s. ) Father ! noah rush to he frantically wave son . shem point down from the ridge into the valley . before he see it , noah can hear it . a tribe of hunter corner a large group of giant single - horned bison . thirty human brutally hack the animal apart , fight to slice off the horn . noar no. ( furious ) will ! ( to shem ) mind you brother . shem take hold of Ham . in the valley the poacher pay noah no mind ag he run into the massacre pull tightly - bound packet from he satchel . he toss they at the poacher . on impact the packet explode . thick smoke fill the air . the enemy be confuse . the smoke make they body break out in hive . they panic . most flee . a few pull weapon and attack noah . a master of military art , noah quickly disarm the enemy . he twist arm , crack wrist , snap joint and carve through a half dozen man without break a sweat . a last fierce opponent connect weapon to noah 's flesh . blood pour from he bicep . noah do not blink . he crush the bridge of the man 's nose with the heel of he hand . the poacher collapse . the remainder of the tribe quickly retreat into the surround hill . '' / as the smoke clear , noah whistle for he boy . they stand up from hide spot on the ridge and make they way down the hill . noah dress the wound on he arm . he look down at the bison . they be all dead . shem ( on noah 's arm ) be you all right ? noah fool . such fool . shem why do they do it ? noah I do not know . one beast could feed they all . but they hunt for the only useless part of the body . the horn . they think it have power . but it be just like we hair , we nail - dead flesh . they kill life for this dead thing . they hear a yelp . a lone juvenile bison limp into sight . noah beckon for it with a outstretch hand . the bison be unsure . afraid it consider run . noah calmly look into its eye . it be draw to he . it limp forward harbor a injure foot . noah pick the tiny creature up , calming it instantly . ham can we help it ? noah examine the foot and nod . noah come , let 's take she home . noah stand . he carry the creature up the hill . shem follow , lead he young brother by hand . CUT to : the home camp five small dome hut huddle together around a cooking fire . the sun set over a distant dormant volcano . naameh , noah 's wife , stand to greet she boy . japheth , the couple 's newborn , sleep in she arm . the young boy rush to kiss they mother and young brother . noah hand the bison to shem . noah be gentle . shem and Ham carefully carry the bison away . naameh see noah 's bandage arm and weary brow . he look away , kiss japheth on the head , then he wife 's lip . she put she question on hold and kiss back . cut to : the infirmary hut Ham pet the bison as shem feed it through a cloth nipple . noah prepare a herb salve by firelight . he dress the bison 's wound . shem will she get better ? noah she will . let she rest with the antelope . shem and Ham carefully carry the creature out into the pens a great many animal recover in the makeshift veterinary hospital . noah watch the boy set the bison under a cover shelter . cur to : noah and naameh 's hut at night naameh prepare they bed as noah sit with he thought . naameh what be it ? what happen ? ncah they hunt now in father 's valley . naameh then , we move again . further . noah be there anywhere leave to disappear ? naameh there 's always somewhere , noah do not answer . naameh we will be all right . we will find a place to raise we boy . noah do not answer . instead , he lay down for sleep . the bloodsh of the day linger on he mind until he shut he eye and we fade to black a beat of just he breath . then , they too fade away . the silence end with the sound of a rain drop . a single drop . cur into : noahns dream he stand in the middle of a vast dried -out seabed noah stare at the outline of the raindrop in the parched earth . now , it pour . a thunderous rain . Water gush over and off he nose , he chin . slowly , he look up . this time he see only water . that be because he be underwater he open he mouth . bubbles rush out . he panic . he start to drow . flail he scream awake in he hut naameh grab he . he take a deep panicked breath . naameh noah ? he loosen she grip and push outside he look up into the night sky . not a cloud in sight . just the creator 's star stare down in judgement . fade to : home camp that morning naameh cook for the boy . noah sit on a boulder outside the ring of tent stare at the horizon . she watch he with concern . later : edge of camp naameh sit on the boulder next to she husband . he stare out at the world . naamer the dream ? noah nod . naameh look into he eye . she see something . naameh a vision . she consider this for awhile . naameh then , the creator speak to you . like he do to you great- grandfather , no ? what do he show you ? noah look at he wife . he can not say . naameh you have be choose to hear him . what do he say ? he tear up . his voice choke . noah he 's 's go to destroy the world , sadness and shock fill she heart . 4g use ! naameh what ? why ? noah I do not ... noah look out , unsure . he close he eye and take a stilted breath through clench tooth , he open he eye into a vision he and naameh sit on the same boulder . but the earth around they be no longer scorched and dead . it be a thousand year ago , maybe ten thousand year ago . it might be the day after creation for the unspoil earth look like what eden must have . clear stream fill with healthy fish and ancient forest fill with creature that crawl and fly . noah take a deep breath . the cool moist air fill he lung with life . but then , in a moment , it be all go . noah return to now the contrast be like a punch to the stomach . the air lurch out of he lung . in front of he be the remnant of a tree that moment before be alive . the tree stump stand before he . he touch the ring of the tree . he know the answer now . noah because it be die already . at we hand , all he create be die . naameh what shall he have we do ? noah he must be give we a chance . that be why he speak . ‘( ponder ) if we change . if we work to save it , perhaps he will too . cuUT to : 10 . home camp noah chop and mix herb and plant . shem watch and help he move they into a large basket . CUT to : the FIRE pit on a nearby ridge , noah set the basket next to a raging fire . on the horizon , a tall pillar of rock call the point stick up from the desert floor . he nod to he son . shem dump the content of the basket into the fire . the mixture light up and burn brilliantly . a thin pillar of red smoke shoot out of the fire and spread out high in the sky . soon , a red cloud hang over the Earth . noah now they will come . shem 's smile disappear . at the : home camp Ham spot the pillar of red smoke . ham look mother ! naameh take Ham and hug he tightly . fade to : animal infirmary noah remove the bandage from the young bison 's hoof . the wound be heal . noah help the young creature to its foot . she tenderly test the leg . she get comfortable and limp off join the other antelope . noah 's smile break when he hear shem . shem Father ! Father ! J 11 . shem point . a plume of dust rise in the distance . curt to : home camp noah emerge from he hut wear he priestly robe . naameh be it safe ? noah look at she but do not answer . she see he must do this . naameh be careful . husband and wife kiss . fade to : the point a mesa rise up thin and straight from the ground like a giant column . the red cloud float high above it . noah stand at the base of the hand -hewn stair that spiral up to the mount . he start to climb . from : the mount the dust plume be close . through a scope , noah spot rider carry regal banner of royalty . the base fifty man ride giant mutate horse - beast . the creature resemble horse but have predator jaw and long nail paw . the royal guard part to reveal they leader , akkad . the gruff hulk man motion for they to stay as he take the stair alone . back on : the mount noah wait . he sit on a small stool on a wear rug . behind he be a ancient prayer hut . sweating but not wind , akkad arrive . akkad I be akkad . I speak for all man from sea to sea . ( point all direction ) and from sea to sea . who be it that call I with the sign of we father ? noah stand . noah noah , son of lamech , son of methusaleh , son of enoch before he . I call you as be my right as heir to the line of Adam . akkad methusaleh , enoch . I know this name . but not yours , noah . noah nod back towards he home below the volcano . follow he gaze . noah my family have choose to live alone , in private , study the world , heal it as best we can . but now the creator call upon I to speak . look ! noah motion over the ravage landscape . noah the world squirm beneath we foot , a poison husk . the creator see this , he mourn it , and will tolerate it no longer . he would annihilate all in a instant rather than watch this ereeping rot . akkad stare at noah . akkad strong word . and what would you have I do ? noah we must change . we must treat the world with mercy so that the creator will show we mercy . ) 13. akkad mercy ? how do you mean ? noah we must respect the ground . respect the river and seas . respect the other beast of the Earth . stop the slaughter , the rape , the carnage . akkad start to snicker . the snicker become a outright laugh . noah you laugh at I ? akkad at you creator . he give we a land fill with death . where it be impossible to find game to hunt . where the ground no longer produce life and food . my people go hungry , die by sword and sickness , and you would have I pull the very meat out of they mouth ? if this creator want we fealty let he fill we belly first . akkad move towards the stair . noah grab he . noah wait ! you must listen ... akkad turn and whack noah across the face with he axe handle . smash to : black for a moment . slowly , noah wake with blood on he lip . he move to the edge of the mount . akkad and he man be long go . but then , he spot black smoke rise over the volcano . the volcano near he home . noah no . he rush down the stair . cur to : home camp the hut burn . the field have be trample . the animal massacre . om 14 . akkad and he royal guard be just charge off . they carry whatever spoil they have find . before they be go , akkad look back at noah and smile a gentle satisfied grin from the crest of a distant ridge . and then he be go . naameh noah ! naameh lead the 3 boy out from a hide hole in the ground . they be unharme . noah rush over and hug they . at they foot lie the carcass of the young bison they just heal . its baby horn slice off . blood leak from the open hole . fade to : remains of the camp the heart of night . noah have manage to build a fire to keep warm . naameh hold on to he . the kid sleep nearby . he stoke the fire with a stick . fade to : black a long beat of silence . a rain drop , a single drop crash against the ground . CUT in : noah 's dream - noah stand in the middle of a vast dried -out seabed he stare at the outline of the raindrop in the parched earth . he look around . the horizon stretch forever . in one direction , and only one direction there be a lone mountain shoot out of the earth . noah know this mountain . it be from he childhood . noah ( whisper ) grandfather . sia 15 . he step towards it . just then , it start to pour . a thunderous rain . Water gush over and off he nose , he chin . now he be underwater a corpse float by . noah 's eye go wide . suddenly , he be look down on all of humanity . million upon million of dead . and only he be alive . bubbles rush out of he mouth . he panic . he flail . he scream awake back at he home naameh hug he . his breath short . he look up at the nighttime sky . the star stare down . noah he do not wish they to listen . they be mean to die . naameh all of they ? noah punishment . for what they have do . naameh and what of we ? noah we be to go to ararat . naameh to grandfather ? noah yes . we must go . naamer when ? noah look up . the morning wear upon the edge of night . 16 . a ) noah a now. cut tos : desolate wasteland a mean wind descend upon noah and he family . noah carry Ham on he back . naameh have japheth strapped to she chest . shem follow . everything be dead and sullen around they . fade to : bare rise the wind have die down . shem lead the family up a hill , play a tune on he flute . on the horizon be the mountain from noah 's dream . naameh be that it ? noah mt. ararat . naameh you think he life still ? at the hill 's crest shem stop play . he stare off at a burning village Homes and field drench in flame . naameb let we go around . noah head into the settlement . noah no , let the child see . this be what we have become . } the family follow he into 17 . the central plaza all the inhabitant of the village be here . they have be slaughter and pile in heaps . nothing move . only a lone raven hop from corpse to corpse . the boy look at the horror . naameh it 's enough . noah ( agree ) come . sem ( 0.s. ) mother ! noah and naameh turn . shem hold the hand of a young girl , maybe six . they rush back to have a look . the girl moan in and out of consciousness . noah look : she have a severe belly wound . he pull ed herb and bandage from he pack and start to treat she . noah you name , you have a name . young girl ila . noah ila . you be go to be all right , ila . shem be go to hold you hand and he will not let go . she look gratefully up at shem as he squeeze she hand . something startles the raven . it fly off . a distant rumble . noah hand the bandage to naameh and hurry up a SMALL hill he see a warring army approach . noah rush back and scoops the girl up . J 3 noah bf come we must move . just as they leave the village the army pour in . the family move out into the bush towards mt. ararat . 18. noah hold the girl tight . he look up when he notice that he family have stop . noah what ? naameh and the boy stare up at a giant skull . it would lock human if it be not the size of a beach ball . it rest neatly on a post . in both direction giant skull place on post sit every thirty foot . less a barrier than a warning . naameh what be they ? noah watcher . naameh they exist ? shem like the storey ? noah this must be where the last survivor be banish . shem do they still live ? noah I do not know . they would be ancient if they do . but if they do , they have no love for man . behind they , the approach army spot they . they hear eries . Men mount beast and start to come after they . naameh they have see we . noah look up at grandfather 's mountain . loom so near . yet the skull before he be intimidating . noah look at ila , feverish , in he arm . noah come . follow I . noah guide he family between two large skull into the 19 . interzone the mount soldier arrive moment later . but they stop at the skull . they call for noah to come back . they warn the family of doom . but noah pay they no mind . a hundred yard later they come to a second barrier , this one be make of human skull and face into watcher land . noah warning for they as well . Ham start to cry . naameh scoops he up . they pass the barrier and enter watcher 's land grandfather 's mountain beckon they . fade to black . and this quote : genesis 6:4 Giants walk the Earth in that day , and later too . this be mighty man of ancient time , the man of renown . return to a desolate gorge on watcher 's land the family move silently and quickly . mating beetle fill the air with a pierce whistle . large fissure in the ground reach down to underground cavern . huge remnant of what must have be massive building jut diagonally out of the ground . suddenly , the beetle go quiet . noah stop . gently , he place ila on the ground as he unfasten he blade . then , he be cast in shadow . noah spin . block the sun , tower over he stand 0g , a watcher . '' 20 . 18 foot tall , ageless , sexless and cover with a light dusting of fur . breathe heavily the angry beast have six fully functional arm . Ham and shem wail . wnaamek hug they . the ground shake . ten , then twenty , then thirty more watcher climb out of the crack in the ground . og reach for the family . noah grab he magic packet and toss they at 0g 's foot . but og rip he own packet from he belt . he throw they at noah 's . they collide and be defuse . noah be stunne . og nod to he fellow watcher . Three of they with stick and collar step forward and quickly pin noah to the ground . CUT to : watcher 's roost noah 's hand be cuffed behind he back . his family be bound next to he . samyaza , the scar and grizzle leader of the watcher stare down at noah from a giant throne of human bone . he look at og and speak the language of the ancient . samyaza ( in ancient ; with subtitles ) spy . take they to the hollow and let they rot . og start to act but noah speak . noah ( in ancient ; with subtitles ) we be not spy . the watcher be stunne by noah 's linguistics . noah we only wish to pass through you land . samyaza you speak we tongue ? noah my grandfather teach I . he life on ararat . we cross you land to reach he . og 's eye light up . 21 . og a he be a child of the old one ! samyaza rise up , og cower . samyaza quiet . do not be a fool . this be aman . Men cheat . they steal . they kill . og but samyaza , he travel with child . a injure child . samyaza a trick . remember . in year past , they have use even they baby to enslave we . Men can never be trust . he lean in and glare at the child . they shrink in terror . samyaza they be all traitor . they betrayed we after they betrayed the creator . noah it be he who send I . the watcher gasp as one . samyaza explode in fury . samyaza you lie . I sit next to the creator as he form the first man . would he speak to you , a man , before he speak with I ? no , this be a trick . take they , let they rot alone under the sun . the watcher descend upon the family . as they be drag away , og look deep into noah 's eye . samyaza ( calmer , to og ) the creator do not speak anymore , og , to anyone . you know that . he have leave we alone , here , forever . j samyaza sink into a glum silence . and og ponder . cur to : 22. the hollow at dusk the family be stick in a pit . the last ray of the ruthless sun abandon the sweat family as well . noah search for escape but the wall be steep . fade to : later noah pace unsure what to do . his child sleep in they mother 's arm . somewhere , far away , noah can hear the watcher argue . he listen but can not make out they word . ila , the young girl moan . shem hold she hand . noah carefully look at she wound . she have a severe cut on she stomach . he clean it . the pain wake the little girl , who breathes in sharply . noah shh . you will be all right . I will make sure of it . she believe he voice and stare up into he eye . they connect for a moment . he dress the wound with fresh bandage , but the contact of the new cloth make she cry . so noah start to hum a ancient tune . a lullaby . he lift the girl up and rock she back and forth , back and forth . and now he sing . noah sleep my child . surrender to the wild . find you breath . find you peace . sleep my child . surrender to the wild . find you breath . find you peace ... the girl doze off . noah lay she down next to shem . naameh place a hand on she husband 's shoulder . naamer ( whisper ) how be she ? noah her womanhood be go . she shall never bear child . ed 23. naameh but will she survive ? noah if any of we do . they hear a sound . noah look up . a watcher descend down on the wall . his six arm make it look easy . he drop silently into the pit . it be 0g. noah push naameh behind he . the giant 's tooth glisten in the moonlight . man and watcher stare each other down . og reach out a hand . noah hesitates . og nod . noah reach out . CUT to : watcher 's land move quickly towards mt. ararat in the north , og lead the family through the dark night . naameh why help we ? noah translate . og consider before answer . og the creator form we on the second day , the day he make the heaven . we stand by his side and watch all creation flower . to we , everything he make be beautiful , but man be the most beautiful of all . og wallow in he nostalgia . noah translate to the family . og we watch over Adam and Eve . saw they frailty and they love . and then we see they fall . we see the creator expel they from his Garden . we pity they . one mistake , one forbidden bite and they be send out to scrape a hard existence from the dry soil . ( beat ) samyaza be the great of we then . he love man most of all and decide we should leave the creator 's side and come down to help man . 24 , as og speak we glimpse the dawn of humanity all white winge watcher descend through cloud . they glide to Earth . they pick up speed , faster and faster . they wing start to tear apart . they ignite . 0g , samyaza , and all the watcher plummet as they burn . from the ground , human watch comet shoot out of the sky . the watcher smash into Earth . without wing , slowly they stand in blacken crater . they pure white color now the familiar gray . human arrive to stare at this '' god . '' back to now , in watcher 's land og lead as he tell he story . og we teach man all we know . Magic and Science . knowledge of plant , star , metal , and fire . of all thing that would help they live upon the land . but they surprised we . return to the dawn of humanity Men turn knowledge into tool . the tool soon become weapon . og they turn we gift to war . turned they first against the ground , water , air and beast . and then back upon we . Men attack the watcher . 0g , samyaza , and other fight back but there be too many of they . oc we be hunt . many of we enslave . we be force to fight back to survive . to hide in this forsaken land . back in 25 . watcher 's land Dawn approach . the outline of mt. ararat before they . os we ask the creator to take we home . but he be silent . he have turn he back on we . all this year we have live here forsaken and alone . and now you say you have hear the creator . samyaza can not believe this , he be too angry and bitter . but I look at you and I see the same awe I see in Adam 's eye . the creator speak with you . I do not know why . but I believe it . and I will help you . they arrive at the far end of the watcher 's land . on this side too be the barrier of human skull . og perhaps the creator will open he heart to I again ? noah I do not know . I hope so . but I will accept you help . join we ? noah walk north through the barrier of skull . he stop . og look over he shoulder , unsure . he take a breath and follow . naameh set Ham down . he whine until og scoops he up . Ham panic for a moment but og move he from arm to arm . the boy love it and start to laugh . the family laugh as well . curt to : base of mt . ararat noah pitch the hut while naameh care for ila . with one hand og scoops out the dirt for a fire pit . noah grab some warm clothes . turn to he boy . noah I will be back by morning . he head up the mountain . froma 26 . mountain rest point noah look down on he camp . naameh have start a fire . she 's probably cooking . he look off to the horizon . nothing but empty parched sad earth . he look up the mountain behind he . still a way to go . he continue up to : outside methusaleh 's cave noah reach a modest open in the mountain . he take a moment to catch he breath and contemplate the late sun . he remove he shoe and place they near the entrance of the cave . then , he head inside it be dark . noah advance . soon the light from outside disappear . until everything be pitch black . just footstep . up ahead a single candle flame glow . as noah approach it grow brighter . the side of the cave be reveal , noah sit down and breathes . on the far side of the flame sit he grandfather methusaleh . pray . the oldest man alive , he walk the earth when Adam still live . his uncut 900 year old hair attest to this . two cup of steaming tea sit between they . noah wait for he grandfather to acknowledge he . a long beat . the old man slowly raise he chin . then , he eye creep open . they sparkle with youthful immortality . the old man smile oh so very slightly . 27 . methusaleh grandson . noah grandfather . methusaleh motion to the tea . noah drink . methusaleh what do he show you ? noah Water . flood . methusaleh let out a sad sigh . noae I try to warn they . but they leader ... methusaleh no need . he have judge man . noah yes ! but we ? why do he call I ? methusaleh I do not know . noah but I see ararat . he send I here . methusaleh I have only this . it be from my father . noah enoch . methusaleh the day he go to walk with the creator he give it to I and say one day it be to come to you . he hand noah a cloth wrap package . Inside be a ancient wrinkle seed . noah a seed ? what be it for ? but grandfather do not answer . he close he eye . slowly he lower he chin . noah grandfather ? { we 28. but there be no answer . noah look at the seed in he palm . CUT to : mountain base camp noah sit at the camp 's fire . he churn the red hot coal with a stick . og and the child sleep . naameh hold onto noah . noah nothing . he know nothing . naameh what be we to do ? noah do not have a answer . fade to black . in the darkness the sound of a drop of rain . then more . a storm . now underwater noah be calm . he be alone . he look around . nothing but water . suddenly there be animal everywhere around he . they be underwater and they be drown . he look up . up above be the surface to the ocean of water he be now beneath . he start to swim . he swim for the surface . and then he see it . a rectangle of darkness float on the surface . it isa ship . his eye burst open awake he rush 30 , genesis 6:13 and the creator say unto noah , '' I have determine to make a end of all flesh ; for the Earth be fill with violence through man ; behold I will destroy they with the Earth . make yourself a ark . '' when the word disappear we fade in : MAIN hut everyone sleep . noah hear a noise . he wake . he look around . no one stir . shem hold the young girl 's hand , asleep . the noise be come from beyond the tent . noah rush outside he spot og be drag away . noah stop . a mob of watcher turn to face noah . samyaza spin around . samyaza this be not you business man . noah there be work to be do . help we . samyaza help you !? you kind turn we charity into we torture . you wish to wipe we clean from this world . you anger I man , and now I will show you fury . samyaza rise up . his chest surge . his eye narrow . noah be terrify . 0g not bat 31 . og leap upon samyaza . they wrestle . the other watcher pull og away . samyaza unleash he sword . he raise it , ready to kill . but suddenly , he stop . he hear something -- bubbling water . they look over to the sound . in the same spot where noah plant methusaleh 's seed they watch water push out of the dry earth . a gentle fountain gurgle water . noah approach the fountain . he bend down and taste the water . nothing remarkable . just clean crisp water . then , the earth begin to rumble . a earthquake ? he back away unsure what it be . the watcher look around concerned . the rumbling grow louder . noah spot a plant push out of the ground thirty foot away . the plant quickly grow into a mature fully grow tree . and now , next to it , another tree form . the rumbling grow , something move underground in all direction . naameh rush out follow quickly by the terrify boy . og pick they up protectively . more tree burst from the earth . a spiral of grow forest circle noah , he family and the watcher . we rise high above this miracle and witness a hundred acre of fresh wood emerge . the watcher be stunne . shem take he father 's hand . shem what 's this ? noah a Miracle , son . a miracle to start we on we way . my axe , now . go fetch it . shem run to get it . og look to he fellow watcher . og see ! this man do not lie . we need to help ? unsure , the watcher turn to samyaza . the ancient giant limp over and touch a tree . 32 . samyaza lock up at og . there be tear in he eye . samyaza this be the creator 's work . the creator be here . I see that . we will help this man , noah . maybe the creator will forgive and take we home . shem hand the axe to he father . noah walk to the first tree . he run he hand over the bark . take a silent moment of prayer . noah thank you . he take a deep breath . then swing the axe . it land with a loud thwack . shem look ! noah follow shem 's eye . Earth around the pool of water form by the new fountain crack apart . Water push into the crack form rivulet . noah whacks the tree again . the rivulet get longer , radiating out from the burbling fountain . naameh what be they for ? noah I do not know ! more miracle . unless ... yes ! he start to laugh and then to chop harder . he whacks again and again . the rivulet shoot past the family . the watcher start to help . og grab a high branch and start to pull . samyaza do the same . : we drift higher and higher over the forest . CUT to : deeper in the forest we can still hear noah 's chopping . with each chop the water tendril stretch further and further away along the forest floor . cur to : 33. the edge of the forest we no longer hear noah 's chopping but we sense the rhythm as the rivulet stretch out of the forest . they reach out across the crack dry soil to the end of the earth . fade to black . a dead sea as season change , a single rivulet whip across a dry up ocean bed . it pass a rotting wooden ship ground century ago . the rivulet split in two and then branch off again in every direction . they stretch out like nerve ending . fade to black . rocky landscape fall to winter to spring to summer all in a flash . but still , the water work it 's way up a steep hill defy . gravity . fade to black . in the darkness this word burn : genesis 6:19 '' and of every live thing of all flesh , you shall bring two of every sort into the ark , to keep they alive with you ; they shall be male and female . of the bird accord to they kind , and of the animal accord to theix kind , of every creep thing of the ground accord to its kind , two of every sort shall come in to you , to keep they alive . '' return to : a dusty field a skinny , mangy , dirty female dove peck at the ground , search helplessly for something to eat . oe 34 . the rivulet rush by toss the dove into the air . confused , the dove circle try to get its bearing . it land next to the rivulet . the dove examine the water . peck at it . then , take a long drink . the bird look towards the rivulet 's source . it blink . then it leap into the air and soar , follow the water . fade to black . over a barren landscape nighttime , the dove continue to fly . down below two rivulet reunite into a single one . various animal of all shape and size follow the water . a great migration . the great migration ever . fade to black . desolate landscape the dove fly on , the die world pass beneath she . fade to black . the edge of the forest as the sun rise the dove can just make out the forest . the dove rise up high into the blue sky and we reveal the ark a massive wooden rectangle 450 foot long , 75 foot wide , 45 foot tall , the ark be 80 % complete . the fountain at the center of the forest still bubbles up from the earth , but now a shallow pond have form lap against the great ship 's side . a small army of watcher work on the ship . some log , some perform carpentry , other seal it with tar . noah be in the center of it all . ten year have pass and the foreman be start to gray . 35 . the dove land at he foot . he reach out a hand . japheth , age 10 now , run right at the bird . the bird flutter away . noah Gentle ! noah watch the bird circle the ark . and for the first time he see a cloud in the otherwise clear sky . it seem to be move towards they . cur to : deep in the forest move quickly now with a young woman , no more than 17 , full of life , beauty and innocence . rushing past tree , ducking under branch until exhaust she trip . a moment later a young man descend upon she . a lumberjack 's shoulder , carpenter 's hand , poet 's eye . she yelp as they wrestle on the forest floor , but not from terror . young woman no , please , no . he bite she neck . she giggle . he kiss she lip . she kiss back . the kiss start to roam . she kiss he ear . his neck . he kiss she throat . the dimple above she collarbone . the space between she breast . his hand and lip glide lower . he remove she shirt . she resist . but he insist . he kiss she belly . a thick scar lie across it . we recognize this scar . the woman be ila , the young girl noah save year ago . that make the young man shem . he kiss the scar tenderly . his hand caress it and pass lower . ila tremble and then she wince . ila shem , wait . '' shem press he luck . shem ( teasing ) I be wait . 36 . ila wince again . she grab he head and pull he up to she . she kiss he strongly and between kiss : ila please . I want to . edo . but I can not . you know . shem it still hurt ? tla Father say it always will . shem lower he hand , frustrated . a branch crack . they both look . shem scurries quickly to investigate . through the bush he spot ham , now 15 and very curious , watch they . Ham see shem , blushes and run away . shem frown , then turn back to he love . but she be stare up at the sky . he follow she eye up . a stream of bird cross the sky . the stream soon turn into a river . the river a move sea . the forest darken as the countless wing blot out the sun . the lover grab hand and rush towards the ark noah hear the call first . then he see the bird converge from every direction . he stare up at the great circle diving mass , cackle and caw they song . the family circle around noah as some of the bird touch down before he . he spot a raven . next to it be a second raven . male and female . he stretch out he right hand , the raven leap onto it . he reach out he leave hand . the other raven leap up . he look at both bird . the bird look at he . he bring he hand together . they beak touch . he lower he hand and the raven fly off into the ark . noah spot another pair of bird . he place out two hand . they leap up , touch beak and fly into the ark . noah smile . pair by pair he start load the ship . naameh a miracle . 37 . the boy smile with glee . Ham and japheth rush after a pair of bird into the ark they follow the bird as they soar through the empty ship . they land and perch next to the previous pair of bird . two more bird arrive , then two more . fade to : outside the ark the sun have set . up on the ark , shem oversee he watcher shipbuilder . he wipe he sweaty brow and peer down on he father . noah continue to load the boat . the line of bird look like it will never end . fade to : later at dawn the morning sun wake naameh who sleep by the entrance . noah still stand before she . he be barely conscious . his eye flutter open and close . his pupil be unfocus . the ground be cover with feather , there be only one bird leave . it be we dove . it look up at he . he reach out he hand . the dove do not move . noah ( barely audible ) come , be spare . but the dove do nothing . naameh walk to she husband . naameh it have no mate . so perhaps it can not come ? noah look up at the sky for the dove 's partner . noah then we wait . naameh the bird can wait . you need rest . 38 . she lead he towards the boat . CUT to : black noah wake up inside the noise be deafen . he exit he hut wiping sleep from he eye . the ark be fill with two of every species of bird . japheth pet a bird in he hand . noah japheth ! the boy freeze . noah take the bird away . noah listen , all of you . look . here be two . two and only two of each kind . noah open some herb fill jar store nearby . he mix the content together . noah if they survive the storm they will breed and spread across the world . but if a single creature in we care die then a piece of holy creation will be lose forever . so , we must treat they with the great care . noah light the mixture . it burn . then he douse it with water . smoke pour out . he blow the smoke onto the bird . they fall into a slumber . the boy be amaze . woah hand the dish to Ham . noah they will sleep . this my son will be you job . make sure all the beast that enter this ark sleep . there be only two . two of each . remember that . they will sleep and they will be safe . naameh follow noah 39 . outside the dove still wait . noah look down at it . then up at the sky . no bird . but a pocket of white fluffy cloud float up above over the ark and the surround forest . some patch of the dusk sky still peek through , but not many . Ham come out and stand rext to he mother and father . ham Father . noah yes son . ham all the bird be twos . you have mother . shem have ila . but what of I ? and japheth ? who be there for we ? noah hesitates , worried . then he pick up he son . noah people will come , many people will come , they will follow the beast . and when they do , we can find you a wife . Ham smile . but naameh scream and point . naameh the ground be move . the ground undulate and close in on the ark . noah step forward peer into the darkness . the reptile of the world have arrive . lizard , snake , newt , salamander , turtles and they like approach . they stretch across the open field to the forest in the distance . noah kneel down before they . he reach out he hand . ' two by two they approach and pass by he . naameh watch two snake slither by . naameh the pest as well ? 40 . noah all of the creator 's creation . each after its kind . they all must be save ! cur to : in the forest shem be a master lumberjack and with only a few chop he fell a great tree . the three watcher assist shem . with six arm and great might they be even more efficient than shem . the watcher load the tree onto a sled and start head back towards the ark . shem hear a strange noise . he look over . the watcher stop and look back at shem . shem go ahead . the watcher head off into the bush . shem move to another tree . he notice some blood on the ground . curious he follow the trail and find more blood , a lot of blood . a few more foot and he find the discard remnant of a dead spike warthog . he climb around a bend and see the mammal arrive from every direction : rat , wild dog , the great cat , gazelle , antelope , rhino , oxen , elephant . many of the animal we recognize , many we do not . track they and feed off of they be horde of refugees , beyond number . shem keep move to get a better vantage point when he walk into a tribe of men feast on poach animal . the man stare at shem . shem stare at the man . they reach for they weapon . he rush into the bush . the man chase . running at full speed shem leap for a overhange branch and swing himself up into the canopy . the enemy run by oblivious . CUT back : essai ! 41 . into the ark japheth play with two small fork - to lizard . he look over at Ham who be busy put animal to sleep . japheth secretly slide the tiny lizard into he satchel . cur to : outside the ark noah load the last two reptile into the ark . he sigh , a moment to rest . he look at the dove which still wait . he lower he head and head into the ark when shem rush out of the forest . shem Father ! Father ! just then horde push out of the tree line . the people spot the ark . they point , stunne and amaze . they start to approach . from atop the ship , og put six hand to he mouth and let out a mighty bellow . from all direction , the watcher hear the call and descend on the horde . the human see the mythical monster approach and they quickly retreat in terror . cur to : later at the mouth of the ark og , shem , and noah discuss option . noah they will return . whether through courage or fear . sooner or later they will come . ( to og ) can you hold they when they do ? oG there 's too many . eventually they will overwhelm we . noah look up to the sky . the grey cloud have a touch of angry black in they now . 42. noah shem you must finish as fast as you can . cuUT tos up on the roof shem work furiously . cuut to : japheth nos hut alone , japheth play with he pet lizard . cult to : outside the ark a sea of mammal surround the ark . noah reach out he hand . a pair move forward . he touch they on the forehead and they walk past he onto the ark . back : up on the roof og stop work . he sense something . he look out at the tree line . he scream for noah . down below noah look up . fifty mount man carry white flag approach . they leader be akkad , the same man noah meet at the Point . akkad be grey and scar by year of war . he ride he mount back and forth behind the mass of beast wait to be load onto the ark . akkad noah ! Son of lamech ! noah ! shem join he father 's side . noah how many day till you be finish ? 43. shem Three at best . noah look to og and he fellow watcher . noah come . noah walk towards akkad , the animal parting to let he pass . akkad spot noah and smile . he trot towards he . when they get close akkad dismount . he walk the final distance to face noah . akkad Old friend . noah see a baby bison horn hang from akkad 's neck . it must be the same horn he steal a decade past . noah what do you want ? akkad you tell I once the world would be destroy . such a good friend , I should have believe you . I do not . not till we see the great exodus of beast . not till the scout follow they to a forest that should not exist . a forest cover by rain cloud . akkad look at the dark sky and laugh . akkad well I believe you now . you will be glad to know I have repent , noah . repented deeply , just as you preach . and I think I deserve to be save . do not you ? noah then save yourself . the tree be plentiful . start building . arkkad I think I like you ship . the creator will surely protect it . noah the ark be full . arkkad full ? akkad laugh . it 's preposterous that the immense boat could be full . then he put it all together . 44 , akkad beast ? noah by the creator 's command . akkad well unload they ! look at my people . akkad nod to he flag bearer . he raise the flag . in response thousand of flag rise out of the forest . his soldier hide in the wood let out a deafen cry . akkad on my word , this army shall storm the forest . they shall storm you ship . we will kill you beast and murder you family . noah weigh the threat . he look to shem and the day of work leave on the ark . noah very well . we will help each other . friend . when the time come I will take ten man of you choose . shem steal a incredulous glance at he father . seem Father ! noah stare shem into silence . akkad twenty -five . with woman . noah nod . shem bristle . noah but you must do you part . you people obey you now . there be still order . but if you leave , they allegiance will dissolve . you must give they hope . have they build ship . when the rain come , then come to I with you twenty - five . akxad I will come with the rain , noah . with twenty - five if you keep you word . or if you cross I , I will come with thousand . ( eye noah , until satisfied : ) until the rain , then ! 45 . akkad ride off with he man . shem stare at he father dumbfounded . noah do not you see , I get you you three day . finish as fast as you can . fade to black . roof of the ark shem and the watcher be busy at work . cue to : japhete ‘s hut dapheth play with he two lizard . Ham enter and see what he brother be do . bam japheth . japheth , startle , drop the lizard . ham Father will be furious ! japheth recover one , but the other slip under the side of the hut . japheth quickly run to look for it . Ham follow . he gee it slip out of the hearth into the main animal area . cuUT tos noah 's hut noah study he chart . naameh stand in the doorway . naameh they have come . be not it time now ? for Ham and japheth . he do not respond . naameh noah ? noah I wonder ... 46 . naameh wonder what ? noah if a world without man would be a better world . naameh what do you mean ? noah perhaps the creator do not mean we to find wife for Ham and japheth . naameh ( alarmed ) then there will never be anymore child . no more people . noah look at naameh . that ' 's exactly what he mean . " naameh no . it make no sense . then why would he let we survive . noah to shepherd this beast to safety . maybe that be all . and then mankind disappear . it would be a better world . naameh but this be we child . you son . they be good boy . they shall raise they child right . a world full of good man . surely that 's what the creator want ? noah I do not know . I do not know what he ask . noah bury he face in he hand . naameh touch he shoulder . naameh noah , they be we boy ... noah 's frustration snap into anger . noah leave I , wife . I need to think . case '' 47 . but she do not leave . she look at he with softness . he grunt and storm out . cur to : animal quarter japheth and Ham chase after the lizard . ham get it ! japheth leap for it , but he leap a bit hard , he hand grab the lizard but he body slide and he crush the creature when he smashes into the wall . he look in he hand , the lizard 's neck be bent the wrong way . the boy be stunne . noah have see it all . noah what have you do ?!!! ham Father , he do not mean to . it be a mistake , it be ... noah can not control he rage . he spin . noah a mistake ?!! he slap Ham . Ham fall down . he glare at he father . noah can not believe what he 's do . noah oh. Ham . I be sorry . I be sorry . but Ham run off . naameh arrive have hear the commotion . japheth cry leap into she arm . noah it be ... I ... naamer what do you do ? cuuut to : 48 , outside the ark at dusk in the distant forest the horde chop down tree for boat . in front of the ark , noah dig a hole and bury the lizard . he stare at the grave . naameh arrive . naameh japheth have fall asleep . noah and Ham ? naameh we can not find he . what happen between you ? noah I be not sure . I see the dead creature . the creator 's creature , go forever now . I be furious , ieee naameh they be just boy , noah I know . just boy . and I strike out . I hurt my son . noah 's voice crack . naameh they will forgive you . noah should they ? ( swallow ) I think somehow we be different . I look out at all that lose soul and I sympathize with they . they be no different than we . we be no different than they . the same wickedness be in all of we . naameh try to comfort noah . : naamehr come to bed . noah not now . she let 's he stay and return inside . 49 , in the shadow of the ark hide Ham , watch all . fade to : the next morning Ham wake . he look out . noah keep vigil at the grave . his mother emerge and sit with he father . naameh you have not sleep . what be you -- noah there will be no wife . naamer it be a mistake . a accident . you can not blame they for that . noah I do not blame they , I blame myself . it be not what they do . it be my response . my anger ! ( nod to himself ) Ham and japheth will survive the deluge , but they will survive alone . Ham catch every word . naameh they be innocent boy ! Children . noah and they will be the last . they must be . we have undone creation . and we would do it again . if not we child , then we child 's child . naameh you grandchild ! ncah yes . or great-grandchild . we be man , like all the other , just as wick as the rest . and as long as there be man creation will not be safe . Ham back away from he parent . he sneak past a group of sleep giant , crawl behind the back of the one on guard , and slip into the wood . cut to : 50 . japheth 's hut japheth lie on he mat , all cry out . noah enter and kneel next to he youngest son . japheth Father . I be so sorry . I do not mean to hurt it -- noah quiet now . it 's not you fault . it 's mine . japheth tear up again . japheth but I kill it ! it do nothing wrong and now it be dead . noah yes . that 's what people do to beast . japheth why ? noah we can not help it . it be the way we be . but the animal will be safe from now on . japheth they will ? noah they will . JI will make sure of it . and you can help I . noah carefully hand the live lizard to japheth . noah this one be all alone now . ' the last of its kind . why do not you take care of it ? japheth pet the reptile , smile . noah let they bond . noah have you see you brother ? japheth shake he head no . noah go out into the hearth no one be around , si. noah Ham ? he look into Ham 's hut . empty . ' noah move onto the roof of the ark shem direct the watcher . the ark be nearly finish . up above , the cloud be gray and stormy . shem we be close , father . very close . noah look at the cloud . he take the hammer from shem . noah Ham be not on the ark . I need you to go find he and bring he back . shem grab three watcher . they head towards the wood . noah look down at shem 's work . he start to hammer . CUT to : deep in the forest Ham stare down at the horde . he look back in the direction he come from . he make a decision and head into the mass of humanity . cur to : the forest shem see no one . he look both way unsure where to go . shem tubal take the west . magog , go east . tiras and I will work we way all the way up towards grandfather 's mountain . the watcher nod . tubal and magog split off . shem continue with tiras . cut to : methusaleh 's cave methusaleh meditate , he eye shut . his straight face hint at a smile . 52 . a sound approach . he open he eye , see naameh feel in the darkness . methusaleh naameh . naameh ( still blind ) grandfather ? forgive I . I be sorry I have disturb -- methusaleh quiet now . come in . sit with I . naameh follow he voice . slowly the darkness give way . she sit before he . methusaleh my granddaughter . you be as beautiful as noah say . she blushes . methusaleh the beauty of a mother who come to plea for she son . pleas they father will not hear ? naameh there be no move he ! he have come to believe the death of man be just . methusaleh but it be just . naameh it be ? methusaleh we have destroy this world . so we ourselves will be destroy . justice . naameh and there be no escape it ? methusaleh the creator reach down to we with two hand . in he leave - a sword that shear away wickedness . that be justice . but in he right ~ a canopy . it shelter we from judgement and create a space for grace . that be mercy . which the creator intend for we now - that be a mystery . sae 53. naameh so why will not noah strive for mercy ? methusaleh the vision come to noah . the choice be he . naameh can you do nothing ? methusaleh think . a pause . methusaleh TI could try . but it would cause pain . possibly tragedy . do you wish to take that chance ? methusaleh stare into naameh 's eye . she nod . in : the forest ila on all four collect herb into a satchel . she hear something flap . a pure white dove struggle to take flight with one dislocate wing . ila scamper over . she gently pick it up . tla ah . there you be . with a tender know touch ila palpate the shoulder joint before pop the wing back into the socket . she 's open she hand . the bird fly off towards the ark . then , she spot something special , a juicy berry . she pluck it . it be delicious . then out of the corner of she eye she see another berry impossibly bloom . intrigue , she stare at it . as she eat it , another one bloom nearby . she follow the trail of bloom fruit deeper in the forest ila follow the stream of berry . she be scared and curious at the game time . she watch as the trail bloom up mt. ararat towards she 54 . grandfather 's cave she pause before it . not sure she be suppose to enter . but the berry lead right inside . slowly , afraid , she enter the darkness . cur to : the roof of the ark noah hammer busily . he spot ila 's dove fly overhead . he watch the lonely dove tweet . it leap up and join it 's mate in the air . noah watch they circle as the dark , wet cloud churn above . he stick out he hand . the bird land in he palm . he let they touch beak . then , they fly into the ark . CUT to : deep in the forest shem freeze . a strange noise approach get louder from every direction . White noise everywhere . he run towards a lookout point . he arrive in time to witness the insect of the world descend , ignite the mass horde into chaos . methusaleh 's cave ila hear the noise . she consider turn back but the darkness call she . now : deep in the forest the insect fly past shem , shoot through the forest . we rush with they through the wood , into the clear , and stop when we see noah kd 55 . outside the ark the insect hang in the air before he . they cover the ground at he foot . noah bow . the bug take he invite and rush into the ark the insect squeeze themselves into every unoccupy nook and cranny : under the leg of the crocodile , in the ear of the elephant , between the embrace of the cockatiel . CUT to : methusalehn cave ila move through the darkness . she push deeper in until she see the old man . he smile at she . nervous , she start to back away . mbthusaler May I ? ila do not know what he 's talk about . she follow he eye to the berry in she hand . she hold they out and he take one . he smell it first . then , he pop it in he mouth rather quickly . it send shiver of joy through he ancient body . methusaler mmm. spring fruit . sweet and fresh , I have almost forget . she offer he another . he shake he head no . methusaleh sit , child . she do . methusaleh ten year , you nve live with my own . you love they . shem . she blushes . methusaler noah . 56 . =la he save my life . raise I . methusaleh he do . and you be as he own daughter now . my own great - granddaughter . ten year in the shadow of my home , yet , I have never meet you , nor give you my bless . May I ? she nod . slowly he extend wrinkle finger towards she . the ancient fingertip hover quietly over she belly , over she scar , over she womb . suddenly , the candlelight in the room surge with brightness . but only for a moment . be it the wind ? ila feel something inside . she look at the old man , afraid , unsure . she look back down at she belly . she get up , terrify . she look at methusaleh one more time and run . methusaleh exhales . it be do . CUT tos the horde a refugee camp -- anywhere , anytime . desperate people with nothing to they name . squalor . Hunger . fear. the mass push and pull , surge and retreat . mounted soldier try to keep order . the crowd yank down three soldier . the army counter and the mass scatter . as the crowd separate a familiar face -~- Ham . Fighting for he balance , a gang build a raft . someone catch for steal wood . they beat he . almost smash into Ham . Ham scurries away . a one -eyed woman spy he . something strange about this one she think . Ham catch she one good eye and duck behind a tent to get away . it be dark . he hear cry . follow the tear and slip into a muddy grave corpse all around . Fresh , not rotting yet . in front of he be a startle 13 year - old girl . 57 . girl get away ! ham I be sorry . I will not hurt -- she spin and pick up a rock , ready to kill : girl leave ! Ham retreat . his back against the back of the grave . he look at she . she wipe she nose with the back of she hand . tuck a curl behind she ear . she be small , thin , dirty . and lovely . ham I have food . the girl be tempt for a moment . Ham reach into he satchel . remove some flat - bread and dry fruit . ham here . she move for it , but halt -~ suspicious . girl what do you want ? ham nothing . I will go . he reach forward and hold it out to she . fearfully she reach out and take it . he retreat . the girl stuff herself . she watch he the whole time never blink . he start to climb away . girl be you alone ? ham yes . you ? she motion to the body . Ham swallow . girl I be na ’eltamuk , ham Ham . vo 58. na ‘eltamuk you be kind , Ham . she start to cry . he waik to she and sit down . she lean into he and sob . CUT to : the roof noah hammer busily . the sky be dark and black to the horizon . the cloud be furious . the air be fill with moisture . a slight breeze blow . suddenly , all the noise of work around he stop . he look up . the watcher put away they tool . they climb off the roof and sit down in a circle . og only you work ieft , then the ark be do . og climb down and join he kind face the wood . noah look down . only one nail be miss . one last nail and the ark be finish . he open he palm . the nail be in he hand . he line it up , lift the hammer , and slam it in . the blow echoe . CUT to : deep in the forest shem rush through the wood , call for Ham . he smashes into ila . she smile at he . shem ila . why be you -- ila do not listen , just kiss he . he push she back . shem Ham , we need ~ - she do not stop . she thrust she tongue into he mouth . shem try to pull away . she will not slow down . she rip at he clothes , she clothes . 59 . she take he hand and thrust it down . down where it hurt . . shem but it hurt -- not anymore . ila tell he so with a deep kiss . shem forget Ham , the horde of man , the approach storm . the whole world be ila now . and shem know ila . CUT to : high over the earth we fall quickly . gravity suck on we . overrun now by a cold fat single drop of water . rain . rushing down towards noah 's upturn face . smash into he wait palm . splash ! then , three more drop hit nearby . CUT back to the : grave Ham and na‘eltamuk finish bury she family 's body . exhausted he look at she . she smile at he . he smile and blushes . a rain drop hit she face . the wetness linger . Ham look up . a drop hit he in the forehead . another drop , then another . Ham realize what it mean . he take na ’eltamuk 's hand . ham come ! quickly now . cut to : the forest through a screen of greenery shem and ila move together . 60 . at first only the sound of they rhythmic breathe , then the flutter of rain on leave be everywhere . . as they settle into a climactic kiss , water collapse through the canopy and soak they to the skin . cut to : outside the ark puddle form under the watcher 's bum . og and samyaza sit side by side . rain water pour down they face . samyaza creator 's tear . back with : the horde Ham pull na ’eltamuk into the surging mass . the rain have set-off hysteria . the army shoot projectile blindly into the madden crowd . Ham spot akkad through the madness . ham we must get to my father ! they scream to be hear over the rain and crowd . na 's eltamuk no , there be soldier that way . we should head towards safety , to the mountain . ham there be only one safe place ! the great ship . Father build it ! Ham catch himself . he speak too loud , na ‘eltamuk the ark ? he cover she mouth . but it be too late . one -eyed woman I be right . it 's one of they ! she hit the wrinkle man by she side . one -eyed woman the son ! the son of noah ! 61 . ° her word echo through the crowd . refugee 1 refugee 2 Son of noah ? noah 's son ? where ?! refugee 3 refugee 1 there ! there he be ! and so on . the crowd surge towards Ham and na’eltamuk . cut to : the edge of the forest shem and ila burst out of the wood , run for the ark . naameh spot they through the thick sheet of rain . naamehr shem ! fla ! noah rush past she , out into the rain . shem Father ! noah where be you brother !? shem do not know . cut to : the horde mayhem reign . knee deep in mud and soak to the bone , Ham and na’eltamuk run from the crowd . but they be surround . hand claw for they . refugee 4 ransom they ! Ham hug na’eltamuk . the surging crowd threaten to crush they . the girl scream out in agony and fear . as the end near , Ham close he eye to stop the pain . but then , the crowd break apart . Ham look up . akkad smashes he mount through the horde and grab Ham . the crowd hold onto na ’eltamuk . Ham fight to get to she , but akkad ride away . 62. ham no. no ! let I go ! go back ! the great warrior see the boy 's tear , have mercy . akkad Circle about ! get the girl ! akkad lead a charge back into the mass , he beast and weapon chew a line through the crowd . na ’eltamuk ( 0.8 . ) ham ! Ham spot na ’eltamuk . ham there ! there ! akkad zeroe in on she . he reach down and yank she out of the crowd and into Ham 's arm . the horde surge against akkad 's beast . the creature cry out and smashes onto the ground , its rider throw into the crowd . the mass surge after Ham . akkad try to fight back but there 's too many . his man struggle for they own life . Ham hold na ’eltamuk tight as the horde descend . ham I be sorry . lighting flash , blind everyone . a beat . the rain slow down . everything slow down . the horde turn as something huge bear down and smashes they apart . it be og , noah riding on he shoulder . ten watcher back they up . noah see Ham , scream to the watcher magog : noah take he home ! the crowd look up at og and noah tower above they . refugee 5 refugee 6 it 's he . great mage . refugee 7 refugee 5 noah ! noah ! someone kneel , bow towards noah . the rest of the mass follow suit . they cry and beg for mercy . 63 . as magog grab Ham the boy clutches na ’eltamuk tight . noah , distract by the crowd , do not see the girl . magog and three watcher rush Ham and na’elmatuk away . akkad yank one of he man off a mount . he leap onto the beast , trot through the bow crowd . axkad ( to noah ) quickly . now 's we chance . noah throw akkad a hard stare , then shout down at the mass prostrate before he . noah you have you warning ! you hear the creator 's anger ! you ignore they ! no one will be save . not one of you . noah point at akkad . noah he be warn ! and he do nothing . now ~ it be too late ! akkad scoundrel ! noah now justice shall reign ! part of the crowd beg for mercy as og and the other watcher 's retreat . another part turn angrily to akkad . akkad rear he beast onto its hind leg . akkad fool ! attack I and let he get away ? we have only now ! we can sit here and kill each other ! or we can take the ark ! cur tos : the forest noah hold on tight to 0g . as the watcher sprint through the forest , they hear the horde let out a blood thirsty war cry . og speed up . the horde be come . cur to : vore 64 . entrance to the ark naameh stand just inside the ark . she scan the tree line , wait . the rest of the family -- shem , ila and japheth -- by she side . magog appear and rush he two passenger to the ark . naameh hug Ham . she notice na ’eltamuk stand next to he . the girl stare at the hold fill with animal . ham this be na’eltamuk . she will be my wife . naameh smile widely . naamee thank you , grandfather ! naameh grab the girl , hug she . noah ( 0.s. ) away from she ! noah stand outside in the rain . he board the ark , grab the girl out of he wife 's arm , and toss she out of the ark . Ham reach out to save she but all he get be a piece of shirt . na ’eltamuk land in the mud . instantly , a watcher pick she up and carry she off towards the forest . Ham rush after she . but noah grab he . he lift he up by both arm and stare into he eye . noah she will not come on the ark . join she and die with she . you choice . in or outi ? naameer noah no ! ham please father ! noah swing back - about to throw Ham outside . Ham watch the girl disappear in the wood . the watcher lift up the ark door , ready to seal it shut . on 65 . noah in or out ! Ham bow he head . in. noah nod to the watcher . they seal the ark . noah release Ham to sob in he mother 's arm and then climb up and out onto the roof of the ark noah exit a hatchway and look down into the clear . the watcher stand in the thigh - deep water . they be fan out in a great circle surround the ark . akkad burst into the clear . he meet noah 's gaze . then the army rush in . and the horde behind they . 10,000 soul rush for the safety of the ship . the watcher meet the charge , a different weapon in each of they six arm . it be a epic battle of man versus giant . : the watcher tabul grab two soldier . he use they to smash other attacker away . when the soldier disintegrate , tabul use he mighty fist , squashing he opponent like a man splattering mouse . the horde overwhelm the watcher magog . they pull he to he giant knee and blind he . but he keep swinging and kill until a few soldier fire arrow into he throat . magog fall down on he back into the water dead . the air around he bend . a deafen crackle sound as a single bolt of lightning strike magog 's body . the bolt hang there like a rope of light connect earth to heaven . and inside the bolt , ascend through the light , noah can almost see the watcher writ in flame , a huge set of wing unfold . and then the bolt be go . and so be magog 's body . the watcher witness magog 's redemption . samyaza cry out a unearthly roar of victory . the other watcher join in . it stun the horde . samyaza and the other attack with abandon , know they redemption be secure . the mass be push back . cur to : a 66 . inside the ark naameh try to comfort Ham . nsameh I be so sorry . ham she do not do anything . she be good ! naameh I know . ham ( snap ) how would you know ? you know nothing . naameh if grandfather choose she , then ... ham I choose she . I find she . [ I pick she . : Ham run off . naameh be confuse . ila watch it all . cuT to : outside the ark the tide of the battle have change again . too many human , too few giant . each time a watcher fall a lightning bolt reclaim its soul . the survive watcher slowly retreat keep the circle tight . a large gang jump onto sanyaza . he take a few of they with he , but a man drive a stake into he heart . he look up to the heaven and whisper : samyaza my creator , have mercy on I . og watch the bolt of lightning escort samyaza home . a large group of man break through the open in the watcher 's rank . they reach the scaffold still .attached to the ark and start to climb . on the roof , noah grip he axe tight . ready to fight . 67 . og rush to help . he scamper up the scaffold , toss as many human as he can back down . on the roof of the ark og and noah defend the ship , slice all enemy down . they push the scaffold back , dump climb man back into the pit of humanity . for a moment the deck be clear . the wind be violent . the cloud as black as night . the rain hurt . noah and og stand side by side . they watch the last watcher fall and the mass surge forward . og my end be near . watcher give man all we gift . all but one . the gift of forgetfulness . og hand noah a small wooden box . noah thank you , og. og I thank you noah , for help we go home . then the great giant leap off the ark into the horde . he kill many man . until akkad emerge from the mass . bloody , on foot , limping , but alive . akkad sling a rock at 0g 's head . the projectile slam home and knock the giant to he knee . akkad leap onto 0g 's back and thrust a great sword into the base of the giant 's skull . akkad look up at noah as he pull the sword out . the air bend . lightn crack and connect with 0g 's fall corpse . akkad be throw . noah watch 0g 's soul drift up to heaven . the last watcher be go and nothing protect the ark . smash to : space the planet Earth be cover in hurricane . a half dozen giant Katrina 's rage across the globe . immense pinwheel rip apart we world . 68 . we fall back towards the ground through the cloud . back up on : the roof of the ark the wind pick up . noah tie himself to the thick rope attach to the ship . Men climb the side of the ark . the fountain that first appear over the seed noah plant year ago start to bubble once again . then , it begin to spray as a great force push forth . the earth break open . Water shoot up with unimaginable pressure thousand of foot in the air . other crack release other burst geyser . hundred of they , maybe thousand . soon it be hard to tell if rain be fall or shoot up . Men get shred as pressurize water rip they apart . but more horde approach . the wind nearly lift noah off he foot . he struggle to hold on . planks fly off the roof of the ark . most man be tear from the ship but some continue to climb . twister of wind and twister of water connect cloud and ground . Men drow in drove . but still the horde descend . thousands of people rush through chest high water to get to the ship . suddenly , the ground water suck away . only muddy earth . as the desperate mass rush the ark , a two hundred foot wall of water rear up behind he . noah 's face fill with awe . CUT to : methuslaeh 's cave methusaleh sit quietly , eye shut and breath steady . Water flood he home . he do not stop breathe . bubbles rush out , he take water in , and death cause he no pain . CUT back to : a 69 . the ark the wall of water descend on the ark . the horde that have not make it to the ship be destroy . they half - build ship explode into splinter . just as the wave be about to hit the ark it start to rotate into a huge whirlpool . tower wall of water spin around the ark . akkad run a step ahead of the tsunami , a axe in each hand . he reach the ark just as the tidal wave hit the corner of the boat and the whole ark start to spin . round and round it rise up . akkad leap — bury both hatchet into the side of the ark as the ship be lift up with the flood water . up on deck a dozen man have manage to hold on . they come at noah from all side . he use he long rope tether to swing and dive across the pitching deck . one by one he cut man down or fling they into the depth . until finally noah stand alone . the ship stop spin . it settles on the top of a great endless sea . horror , shock , and sadness on noah 's face as he stare at the few scream survivor sink amongst the thousand of float dead . CUT to : storage room Ham sulk in a corner . he jump when something hit the wall . thwack the tip of a metal blade jut through the wood . Ham back away afraid . just outside on the side of the ship akkad hang on for dear life . he chop he way into the ark Hidden behind some supplies , Ham watch the injure king collapse unconscious in a puddle . his leg be mangle . after a moment , Ham slip away , back to 70 . the hearth naameh hold onto japheth . she spot Ham and reach out ' for he . he go to she but say nothing . nearby , shem hold ila . the hatch above open . everyone look . it be noah . he climb down and look at he family . japheth stare at the axe in he hand . noah look at it . it be cover in blood . noah drag himself into he workshop he drop the axe next to he journal and note . he open og 's box . there be no ease for he pain and sadness there . just a foot long tree branch . a clipping of sort . it look dead . noah drop it as well . he collapse against the wall . alone , he hang he head . slow fade to : black thunderous rain . thunderous storm . cries of the die . and this word : Genesis 7:11 and that day , be all the fountain of the great deep burst forth , and the window of heaven be open . and rain fall upon the earth forty day and forty night . after a moment we return to japheth 's hut japheth cut a fifth line - day five - into the wall . CUT tos 71 . the hearth ila and naameh cook . they hear someone cry for help . maybe a lot of people . Ham and japheth run in , follow the noise . Ham run to the hatch that lead out onto the roof , naameh Ham ! Ham ! but Ham be already outside . naameh look out . horrify , she turn back to ila . naameh ( pex japheth ) keep he away . ila pull japheth into he hut . naameh climb outside . cur to : storage room the scream wake akkad from a feverish nap . his wound be bound . some water and food be set nearby . he look around suspiciously . no one . he reach for the water and devour the food . cur to : up near the roof shem and noah work to patch leak in the roof . sloshes of sea water douse they with every sway of the boat . a desperate cry of human misery float in from the rain . shem look at he father . noah acknowledge nothing . shem go to investigate . noah work for a beat . then throw he tool to the ground and follow . CUT to : roof of the ark noah move out onto the roof of the ark . the rain whistle down on shem , Ham , and naameh . 72 . they stare out at mountain top , the final remnant of land . they still tower over the ark but not by much . survive horde cling to ice cover rock . they scream for help . the bravest swim for the ark , but the water be too cold , too rough . shem if we cut loose the rope , let they drag , some might find safety . noah we can not help they . Ham look at he father with fury . he storm back into the ship . naameh chase after he . shem they be not soldier . just people . noah let some time pass . noah it be time to eat . shem dutifully enter . noah pull the roof hatch close . CUT to : the hearth the family recline on low cushion and rug for dinner . but only noah and japheth , the youngest , eat . everyone else stare at they father they plate untouched . noah finish . he gently place he plate down . noah you stare at I as one stare at a murderer . noah look up at he family . noah you question if this old body have a heart . you wonder how one could be so cruel . noah look directly at Ham . Ham turn and start to leave . 73. noah listen . listen to a story . we family 's oldest story . listen , and then you judge . Ham stop , he come back , sit down and wait for noah to start . noah pick up the candle and blow it out . everything be dark just the sound of the rain and wave . the occasional human cry . then we hear noah 's voice . noah in the beginning , there be nothing . nothing but the silence of a infinite darkness . and now we hear nothing . silence . then : noah but the breath of the creator flutter upon the face of the void , whisper : '' let there be light . '' a pinpoint of light explode into we eye . noah and light be . and it be good . and light separate itself from darkness and darkness from light . and this be the first Day . and in what will be a single shot , the white light start to undulate as darkness emerge and they battle like oil and water . noah and the formless light take on substance and shape ~ and so the glitter arch of the infinite heaven be stretch across the sky . a second Day . the light congeal into nebulae , the nebulae into galaxy . we move forward into one galaxy , the milky way a trillion year ago . we approach a collapse cloud of dust spin around its center . the center ignite into a sun . and the edge clump into planet , 74 . we curve towards the third one , circle the spin molten sphere until the young sun rise over the far side of we home . noah and Earth be bear . we beautiful fragile home . a great warming light nurture it 's day - a sign for season , for day and year . now , a giant asteroid smack into the planet , knock it onto a slant axis . every action create a equal and opposite reaction , so a glob of cool matter be knock off of the other side form the Moon . noah and a lesser light rule the night . and there be even . and Morning . another day . we circle over the Earth until we break the cloud cover , soar lower and lower over a planet that be completely cover with liquid molten rock . noah and the water of the farth gather unto themselves , water unto water . ard in they midst emerge dry land . and it be good ~- for the land be rich and fertile . we see the molten Earth form a dry crust . smaller meteorite crash into the crust and spit up steam and rain . the water collect into great ocean and seas . we continue to soar high above the ground . noah another day pass . and the Earth put forth tender grasses , seed , tree , fruit . all the green and grow thing . and we see forest bloom and die and bloom again as the millennia rip by in second . now , we shoot into a pond . the so-called primordial soup of creation . in the murky water we go microscopic . we see the first protein form . we watch they dance around each other bang into each other , until two of they connect -- a key and lock . they fold into each other create the first amino acid . the chain grow longer and more complex , a helix appear , a double helix , the birth of DNA . and we pull back revealing a nucleus inside of a single cell protozoan , now swinm with other protozoa , hundred of they , no maybe thousand , ten of thousand . 75 . we follow one , eat , divide , become something else , something more complex , more cell , many cell , the first multi-cell invertebrate . noah and the water bring forth swarm of live creature . soon there be vertebrate : fish , eel , all life under the sea . we follow one creature and with each frame it morph into a new creature , a distant descendent , evolve as time shoot by at unimaginable speed . this evolve creature swim underwater dodging other evolve creature . above the surface of the water we catch glimpsis of dinosaur ruling the planet . noah the great monster of the deep that be no more . we dive deep into the coral - rich water and pass by a whale - like behemoth and alien squid from the deep sea vent . then we begin to rise , scatter school of gleam fish . noah and the multitude of fish that still swim beneath the seas . soon , too , the fowl let fly upon the face of the heaven . and it be good , and we burst out of the water to see vast flock of bird swinging across the sky . noah and there be evening . and morning . a fifth Day . and we still follow we direct ancestor as it slowly crawl upon land . the first mammal , live between land and sea . we see the dinosaur bloom and die . bird multiply and fill the sky . noah and the Earth bring forth the live creature , each after its kind . every thing that creepeth . and every thing that crawleth . and every beast that make its way upon the Earth . and still we ancestor evolve . move away from the water . up through the chain of mammal . and soon we distant primate fore - father swing through the tree above the Earth . some form of monkey . still evolve . 76 . and the forest be fill with monkey , cat , sloth , butterfly , snake , beetle , slug , ant , peacock , porcupine and other creature beyond number . a dazzle array of species . a cornucopia of life -form . noah and it be good . it be all good . there be light and air , soil and water . all clean and unspoil . there be plant and fish , beast and fowl . each one after they kind , all a part of the great whole . all have they place and all be in balance . it be paradise . a jewel in the creator 's palm . beat . noah and then come man . and we see now the first man . adam walk the Earth . he glow with light so bright we can barely make out he appearance or he nudity . he walk through a forest . this be eden and by he side be eve . noah and by he side woman . Father and mother of we all . she too glow with light . she leave Adam 's side as she 's pull towards a strange light . through the wood in front of she be two tree glow with a internal magical light . there 's the Tree of good and evil and the Tree of life . Eve be draw to the apple . she stare at it . and once again , it hang before we from a quivering twig . her hand reach up and pluck the forbidden fruit . behind we we hear the crunch . and as this single shot end , all slip into darkness . tt . black with noah 's voice . noah they eat from the forbidden fruit . they innocence extinguish . return to : a hand hold a stone . cain kill abel . noah brother against brother . man against the Earth . back to black and noah fill the silence . noah we murder eack other . we rape the world . the creator have judge we . noah light a match . in the hearth his family stare at he , listen to he tale . noah we be the last man and woman to walk the earth . Children of Adam and eve. inheritor of sin . but we will not pass it on . shem and ila shall bury I and you mother . naameh bow she head . tear in she eye . noah Ham shall bury they . noah 's voice crack . Ham look away , not buy it . noah then japheth will lay he older brother to rest . you , japheth , shall be the last man . ( more ) 78 . noah ( cont 'd ) until in time , you too will return to the dust . no more man and no more woman will ever be . the creature of the Earth , the world itself , shall be safe . shem and ila hold hand tightly . they understand . noah I wish no man harm . no woman . each death grieve my heart . but we must weigh that life against all creation . no matter . how painful , we must carry this out . naameh reach out to touch noah 's arm . japheth stare up at he with wide open eye . noah look to Ham , reach out a hand . dam just stare back . noah I be sorry for she . for you . I am e+ Ham turn away , leave the room . noah Ham ! ila I x11 talk to he . as ila leave , naameh hold she husband tight . naameh it be a hard thing , what you do . all that soul . it 's do now . it 's do . and in the grip of he wife 's forgiveness and understanding noah 's body start to shake . month of icy determination melting into release . cur to : ham move slowly through the storage room it be dark . very dark . the sound of rain thunder down . Ham spot akkad sleep behind some barrel . the homemade bandage around he right thigh be drench with blood . 79 . slowly , so that akkad will not wake , Ham lay some fresh bandage and herb by he side . akkad 's eye snap open . he grab Ham 's wrist . Ham freeze . akkad swallow the pain in he leg . akkad noah ? he 's come for I ? ham he do not know you be here . I do not tell he . akkad why be you help I ? ham you help I . akkad nod . he release Ham . akkad I do . and you woman . Ham grimace . a beat , then akkad get it : akkad he leave she behind , do not he ? Ham turn he face away . akkad and you be famish for justice . Ham look back at akkad . yes . akkad smile slowly . akkad what 's you name ? cur to : black return slowly to outside the ark teeter on a giant wave . fade to : ' 80 . ila 's hut shem and ila sleep entwine . CUT to : japheth 's hut the young boy cut another line . Day thirteen . CUT to : roof of the ark sleet fall instead of rain . sheet of thin ice form on the sea . there be no land in sight . the deck be freeze and precarious . noah and naameh hold onto the brace rope . they breath be short and shallow in the thin cold air . noah why will not it stop ? naameh what do you mean ? noah watch he breath smoke in the cold . noah the water must have rise above the tallest mountain now . they all must be dead . naameh all ? ncah so why do it still rain ? naameh perhaps there be other boat ... noah none could have survive the storm . so what be the creator wait for ? when do the water drain and the new world begin ? naameh have no answer . cur to : — 81 . noah 's workshop shem search the room for something . he can not find it . he take a breath and start over . he line all the tool up in a row . cut tos the hearth shem continue to search . cur to : ilan hut shem enter , still search . ila be inside , but something be wrong . she be nauseous , puke into a bowl . shem be you all right ? CUT to : storage room akkad sharpen a long awl against a hone stone . he hold the blade up . akkad what else ? Ham take out a few more tool out of he bag . akkad grin . ham only for - — akkad I will not harm you family , Ham . only he . or he will surely kill I . and he deserve it , do not he . for all that he leave to die ? CUT to : ila 's hut naameh offer ila a glass of water . shem hold she hand . 82 . noah enter . he look into she eye , down she throat . he feel she pulse , kiss she forehead . noah how long have you feel sick ? ila since yesterday . now , she be sick again . when she be do , naameh wipe she forehead . : noah pull out some herb and grind they into she water . noah the tea will settle you stomach . it be the motion of the wave . hard to get use to , but in a few day , you mind will adjust . tla drink the tea and rest back in shem 's large arm . CUT to : storage room Ham enter with a bag of bread and vegetable . from the doorway he see akkad stab a stripe gazelle in the neck . its sleep partner do not even stir . Ham be stunne . he watch the blood pool on the ground . ham what be you do ? akkad what do you mean ? he cut out some raw meat and bite into it . ham we do not eat flesh . akkad you have never eat meat ? ham the creator put the beast in man 's care - they be precious . akkad how you father delude you ! the creator mean we to eat they . look at we tooth . no. better , taste . taste and tell I it be not mean for eat . 83 . akkad hold out a slice of juicy meat . Ham stare . akkad nod . Ham gingerly nibble at the meat . it be delicious . a revelation . he grab the meat and start to eat . fade to black . return to japheth 's hut japheth mark the thirty second day . he go back and count the line . his pet lizard slip out of he hand . it scurries across the ground and out of . he hut . japheth chase after it into the hearth the lizard scurries away . japheth be quick on its tail . naameh rush past and almost trip over the creature . naameh japheth . but the ten year - old be go . naameh hurry into ila 's hut shem play a tune for ila . he try to calm she but she be still nauseous . naameh bring she some water . CUT to : animal quarter japheth search for he pet . cuUT to : storage room weapon line the fortify room . Ham carefully undress akkad 's wound . mo g4 . almost heal . akkad take a few step . it bear he weight . akkad good enough . it be time . ham you be go to do it now ? akkad not I . us. ham we ? Ham look at akkad . what do he need to do ? cut to : noah 's workshop naameh walk in and see noah sifting through bottle and vial of herb , look for something that might help . naameh two week now , she have be ill . noah it do not make sense . noah absently pull out a vial . he look at it . it will not help . he start to put it back . he hesitates . noah unless ... a idea . but , it can not be . but then again , maybe ... naameh what ? noah could not be -- noah grab the vial , scramble for a few other item . naamer what be it ? noah do not answer . drive now , he rush out into the hearth naameh follow he into tla 's hut 85 . noah pour the content of the vial into a bowl of water . naameh what be you do ? storage room Ham and akkad talk . akkad you father be a strong man . I be injure . we have one advantage - surprise . bring he here . alone , cur to : akkad duck behind a wall . he lift up the sharpen awl . '' akkad one blow and it will be do . ham ( afraid ) I do not know -- akkad flash with anger . akkad decide now , once and for all . be you 4 man ? if you be then you can kill . Ham seem unsure . a lizard scurries through the room . Ham chase after it into the animal quarter he corner the lizard and grab it . he head back . ham it 's my brother 's -- as he enter the storage room akkad hold he hand over japheth 's mouth . Ham drop the lizard . the pet scurries away . 86 . eam let he go . akkad he will give we away . ham he will not . let he go . ( to he brother ) quiet , japheth . he be a friend . akkad lower he hand . but japheth can tell something be wrong . japheth father ! akkad cover the boy mouth . japheth bite into he . akkad lift japheth over he head ready to crush he against the wall of the ark . Ham swing a awl into akkad 's bad leg draw blood . akkad in pain drop japheth . Ham grab he young brother 's hand and rush through the animal quarter Ham look back in terror . no one follow . CUT to : ila 's hut naameh finally get what noah be do . Wide -ey she look at ila , then back at noah . naameh it can not be . noah take out a thin metal blade . he go to ila . ila what be it ? noah do not answer . shem Father ? naameh how could it be ? noah {to ila ) give I you finger . 87 . ila look to she father for a explanation . none come . she give he she hand . mnoah prick she finger . blood bubbles onto she fingertip . he drip blood into the bowl . he watch the blood drop diffuse , turn the water a pale red . noah and naameh stare into the bowl wait , anxiously . japheth ( 0.s. ) father ! noah turn . japheth and Ham rush in . japheth there be a man . he grab I ! noah what ? who be it ? japheth look at Ham . noah ( to Ham ) who be it ? ham akkad . noah 's face harden . noah where be he ? CUT to : noah nos workshop shem and noah arm themselves . ccur to : ila 's hut Ham toy with he scrap of na ’eltamuk 's shirt . he pace , unsure what to do , then rush out . ila watch she mother stare into the bowl of water and herb . ila what do it say ? 88 . naameh a minute , and we will know . cur to : animal quarter noah and shem march past the sleep cargo into the storage room it be abandon . shem spot a blood trail . they follow it a few foot and it stop . a drip hit the ground . they both look up . it 's come from up above , towards the roof . cui to : ila 's hut in the test bowl , the pale red water slowly turn yellow . naameh can not believe she eye . then she figure it out . naameh you see grandfather . ila grasp to understand . naameh what do he do to you ? tla why ? nothing . naameh daughter , you be not sick . you be pregnant . ila 's jaw drop . ila ( stunne ) but it be impossible . then she get it . she start to cry . tear of joy . CUT to : 89 . roof of the ark the deck be cover with a sheen of black ice . hail and sleet thunder down on the dark sea . shem climb out first . akkad be wait . - he smashes he in the head with a plank . the young man go down . noah leap onto akkad . akkad be ready . his dagger cut into noah 's stomach . but , noah 's force smashes both man into the hard deck . weapon be knock free and slip into the sea . noah shoot away nursing he wound . akkad you lie to I . you cheat I . you cheat the human race . I should have kill you a long time ago . noah you be too busy lead you people astray . akkad ( sarcastic ) you be a shine example of paternal leadership . ( firm ) you own son hate you and wish to betray you . noah 's eye tighten . he reach for akkad 's bison - horn medallion and rip it from he neck . akkad leap and tackle noah . the horn slip from he hand . the enemy wrestle on the icy deck . a brutal fight to the finish . at the edge of the roof , akkad break free . he kick noah in the face . noah slip off the side of the ship . but he grab the slippery iedge . he hang for dear life as the ice cold sea lap at he foot . CUT to : ila 's hut naameh dump the yellow liquid out the side of the ark . ke 90 . tla but it be he grandchild . naameh you nve hear he belief . you know he conviction . his stubbornness . ila ( get hysterical ) then what will we do ? naameh : he must not know . we have to hide it . ila on this ark . how ? how can I hide life inside I from father !? naameh start by hide you tear . ( then ) you blood betrayed you . so we will give you mine . naameh reach for the blade noah use to draw blood . CUT to : the edge of the ark 's roof akkad smirk at noah who cling for he life . akkad know this as you die : first I will kill you son . then I will take you wife , you daughter . I will sire a whole new army , with a entire world at we mercy . akkad lift he leg , poise to crush noah 's finger . when suddenly , he stop . blood trickle out of he mouth , he fall forward over noah into the freezing sea . underwater his death complete . back up on : 91 . the roof Ham , now a man , stand over noah with the weapon that murder akkad . it be the bison horn . noah hang from the edge , he strength slip . Ham just watch . ham she be innocent father . she be good . he drop the horn into the sea and turn away . shem rush up , conscious now . shem Ham , father ! help he . Ham do not help . he keep go . shem pull noah up . noah catch he breath as shem notice the blood from he father 's side . shem you nre hurt . shem start to apply pressure . noah push shem away and rush through the rain back into the ark . cuUT to : ila 's hut naameh have fill the bowl with water and herb again . she take the blade and cut she own finger . as she squeeze a drop of she blood into the bowl , noah enter soak and drip . noah what be you do ? ila stand up . she stare at she father . a protective hand slide across she belly . shem enter and notice ila 's hand . tla shem shem come to she . naameh try to change the subject . 92 . naameh you be hurt ! she move to tend noah . he push she away . noah it be true , be not it ? ila can not lie . tla it 's a miracle father . a bless . shem what be go on ? noah nooooo ! noah smashes the bowl and storm out . ila smile through she tear at shem . ila you be to be a father . shem be deeply shocked , worried . but as he walk towards ila , joy bubbles up through he concern . shem it cannot be ... must not be . the creator 's plan ... father 's work ... we must not ... we be the last . no baby . he reach ila , touch she , burst with love . shem we baby . cur to : the hearth noah wreck the room . he stomp around smash all in sight . then he collapse to the ground and start to cry . at first small tear . then deep sob . and as he cry the world shift . the rain start to slow . at first we hear it : the pound of water on wood we have hear since the flood begin start to lighten . then we see it out the hatch : the rain just disappear . CUT to : 93. ila 's hut shem kiss ila 's belly . her tear slow . and then a deafen silence as 40 day of drum rain suddenly cease . they rush into the hearth everyone crowd around the hatchway stare out at the roof of the ark noah stand in the cool dry air , stare at the horizon . shem Father ? noah turn to look at he family . his tear be go . shem the rain have stop . the creator smile on we child . wo not you bless we , too ? a long beat . noah the rain have stop because of you child , yes . and if it be a boy it shall receive my bless . he will take japheth 's place , the last man . noah push past they into the ark . he pause . noah but if it be a girl , a nascent mother , then it must die . shem be you mad !? this be my child ! noah should you bear a girl - in the moment of she birth I will cut she down . ila scream in horror . noah collapse to one knee . then , he crumple to the ground . quickly , everything fade to black . 94 , until a hand carry a stone . brother kill brother . in black once again we hear cry , shout , scream of death , war , and brutality . the cacophony become dissonance . the dissonance become white noise . it bang noah into consciousness for a moment . then , he slide back into the throes of he own personal fever . noah no. please , no . naameh tend he . but even she can not stop he from fading into blackness . and this word emerge : Genesis 7.17 and the water prevaile so mightily upon the Earth that all the high mountain under the whole heaven be cover . all in whose nostril be the breath of life have die . only noah remain alive , and they that be with he in the ark . return to noah 's hut slowly he wake . wnaameh notice . she come to he . naameh there you be . feeling better . noah be . then he remember ila . he sit up quickly . 95 . noah tla. naameh she be fine . upset by what you say . I tell she it be the fever . noah look at he wife . he be completely serious . noah you know it be not . naameh 's face fall . she dare hope , but she know . naameh could you really do this thing ? noah enough !! I do what I must ! noah get up and leave naameh to stare in shock . in the hearth shem watch noah storm to he workshop . naameh scurries into ila 's hut . shem follow . cur to : noah 's workshop noah hold he face against the pain of it all . he open og 's box . he look at the branch inside . he hear tila 's cry as she hear naameh 's news . he close the box and put it away . CUT to : on the roof of the ark ila stare at the horizon . all be cover with sea . shem come up behind she and put a arm on she shoulder . ila what will we do ? '' 96 . shem we father be a monster . I do not know . ila do not lcok at he . she just stare out . ila you hand build this ark . shem nod . tla build another . for we . we three . shem latch onto the idea . he start look around , plan . he yank a plank up off of the ark . ila just stare out . all still cover with sea . fade to black . return to the hearth shem build furicusly . the frame of a twenty foot boat be take shape . shem look over at ila . she be five month pregnant . her eye fill he with strength . she sense someone . shem look . it be noah , watch . his sink eye and protrude cheek retreat into the darkness . fade to black . only this word : Genesis 7.23 and the water prevaile upon the Earth one hundred and fifty day . fade in on : 97 . the hearth shem sand the hull of the finish boat . Ham enter . ham he will not just let you go . shem what else can we do ? shem see the hate in Ham 's eye . shem shake he head . shem no . not that . ham not yet . cur to : ila 's hut ila be seven month pregnant . shem massage she foot , . tila coal let 's go now . get away from he . shem we will not last long in that boat . if we do not find land we will starve . we should wait ' till the last moment , then go . ila I do not know . I want to risk the seas . he hold she . shem let 's eat now . they exit into the hearth naameh serve a meal . the family eat silently . she take a plate a food and walk out onto the roof of the ark noah sit alone . eye shut he think . 98. naameh offer he the food . naameh eat . you need to eat . he do not take it . naameh you have not eat in week . noah how can I ? naameh you could relent . noah it be not my choice . naameh grandfather say it be . noah grandfather ? he 's curse I ! do he know the creator 's will ? naameh do you ? noah laugh to himself . naameh what ? noah do i? look . look out at we world . noah point to edge of the Earth . naameh I do not see anything . noah exactly . and you will not until ila give birth . the rain stop month ago . yet the water remain . why ? because he must be sure the new world will be as he intend . that I will do what I must do . if you love they do not let they go . there be no land . they will die out there . noah toss he plate of food into the sea . naameh how can you be sure ? 99 . noah sure ?! noah look up to the sky . he get a idea . noah I will show you . noah storm into the hearth the family still eat . noah stop to look at he kin . noah japheth . come , help I . japheth look at he father , at ila , at Ham . Ham shrug . noah slip into the darkness . japheth follow . cur to : noah 's workshop japheth help noah chop and mix herb on he work table . noah collect the mixture in a bowl . cur tos animal quarter noah walk swiftly through the great hall of sleep creature . japheth behind he . noah climb up until he find the sleep raven . he peel the male raven from its mate . it sleep in he arm as he pet it . with a stone flint he shoot a spark onto the herbal mix . it smoke as it burn . noah blow a thin stream of smoke into the raven 's nostril . slowly the raven wake . the raven squawks . noah carry it back to the hearth his family look at they . the raven squawks again . 100 . ham what do you want ? noah ( explain ) the raven . perhaps the creator 's most intelligent winge creature . and keen eyesight to match . if there be land out there - he will find it . ila and shem look at each other . noah walk out . everyone but Ham follow he out onto the roof of the ark noah raise the bird out on a outstretch hand . he shoot it off into the air . the raven take flight . it circle the ark once and then flap off to a distant horizon . fade to black . return to the middle of the sea look back at the ark . no rain . no wind . no wave . aix , sea and sky all gray and still and flat . rising up off the water , tne raven shoot past we return home . on the roof of the ark japheth wait . he keep himself busy with a stick . he sense something , look up . the raven approach . japheth the raven ! if 's come back ! everyone rush out . ila carry a huge weight and be extremely tired . noah walk to the edge of the roof and stretch out he hand . the raven land on he forearm . it blink . he examine its foot . 101 . noah no mud . no dirt . nothing . ( to naameh ) the creator wait for the birth . the raven flap down to the roof . noah go inside . tla cry on shem 's shoulder . shem shh now . courage . when it be we child 's time , we will be away from here . tla away ? there 's nowhere for we to go . shem we will find a way . I promise . tla ( tearful , hopeful , desperate ) maybe it will be a boy ? shem maybe . but noah shall never know . after a moment . shem come , inside now . shem lead she inside . she can not stop cry . japheth watch they go . he look over at the raven . he bend to pick it up but the big black bird snap at he . curt to : noah 's workshop japheth sneak inside . he pick up the bowl of herb and a flint stone and head into the animal quarter he look at the different bird . so many to choose from . then he spot the dove . we dove . he spark the incense . he blow smoke toward the dove. 102 . slowly , the bird awake . it ruffle it 's feather . CUT to : ila 's hut ila rest , still ery . japheth ( 0.s. ) sister ? ila japheth . the young boy enter with the dove . tla my dove ? you wake it . japheth yes . ila Father will be angry . japheth angrier than he already be ? ila accept this . japheth the raven be smart , maybe too smart . ila what do you mean ? japheth maybe he see all the water and give up . the dove be more simple . his eye be . not as good as the raven 's but he always fly home . he will never give up until he get there . maybe he will go further and find we land . she do not hold much faith in the idea , but she brother 's love have dry she tear . she hug he . ila thank you , brother . cur to : '' 7 103 . the roof of the ark japheth walk out into the daylight . the raven squawks at he . he ignore it and let 's the dove go , the bird fly straight and true towards the set sun . fade to black . the ark at night , float on a black sea . no star only cloud . inside everyone sleep . the animal sleep . the reptile , the bird , the mammal - everything . noah sleep on the floor in he workshop . naameh sleep alone on a bed make for two . japheth sleep on the roof of the ark wait for the dove . his lizard curl up at he side . Ham sleep . shem sleep too . in all creation , only ila be awake . out in a corner of the hearth she squat in pain . her forehead cover with sweat . she swallow a cry of pain . terror light she eye . in ila nos hut shem suddenly wake . he feel for he mate . nothing . he shoot up in bed and look around . he scurries into the hearth in the darkness he spot she sweat stain face . he rush to she . ila 's eye tell he everything . CUT to : 104 , ham nos hut shem cover Ham 's mouth and shake he awake . whisper : shem it 's time . Ham nod . cur to : the hearth with pulley the brother hoist the raft into the sea . the splash wake japheth up on the roof . the boy lock down and see shem check the small boat for leak . japheth scan the sky for the dove . on shem 's boat everything seem set . Dawn arrive through the cloud . he signal silently to Ham . Ham rush into ila 's hut naameh hold ila 's hand . she cool she brow with a wet cloth . Ham and naameh help ila up . cur to : noah 's workshop sure enough noah be awake . his face be fill with absolute conviction . at the : edge of the hearth shem beckon ila into the boat . naameh start to cry . ila fear not mother . we shall find each other in the new world . 105 , they hug . shem beckon again but something catch he eye . a tiny herring fish leap onto deck . it flap around try to breathe . shem be bewilder . he reach to pick it up when another fish leap on board . CUT to : the roof of the ark japheth spot a speck on the horizon . the dove ? CUT back to : the raft shem stare at the die fish . beat . ten more jump on board . then , a whole school . he panic . shem ( to tla ) get back ! he look over the side of the boat . from the dark purple sea a shape rise towards he . he leap for the pulley rope just as a giant orca smashes through the bow of the escape boat . a pod of whale follow close behind , crest out of the sea everywhere , reduce the raft to splinter . shem safely hang on a rope . he scamper up into the hearth ila hug he . he hug back . scare . the whale cry out as if talk to noah . shem see he father watch . his anger grow but : japheth ( 0.s. ) the dove : the dove ! from 106 . the roof of the ark they hear japheth scream . everyone rush outside . the exhaust bird fight to maintain altitude . it sink , almost hit the water , then fight to get air . as it get closer a wind pick up . jila 's hair blow in the gust . the still water of the sea be push into choppy foam . the dove be buoy the last few yard towards the ark . it collapse onto the deck . japheth rush over . he pick up the bird . it pants , its chest heave . he. examine the foot . clean , no mud . nothing there . ila read she young brother 's body language . tla nothing . satisfied , noah return inside . shem pick up a long wooden pole . Ham see the fury . ham ( whisper ) we do it now ! shem descend upon noah . Ham follow with clench fist . naameh boy , no ! outside of noah 's workshop shem swing for the back of noah 's neck . a inch from impact , noah be ready . he spin around , block the weapon , twist he son 's wrist , toss he to the ground . with shem 's pole , he trip Ham and ping he down . noah plant a knee onto the center of shem 's chest . he stare into he son 's helpless eye . noah tf it be a boy , it can live . but if it be a girl , it must die . noah toss shem aside and disappear into he workshop . 107 . } shem try to go in after he but naameh and ila hold he - back . ila no , shem , no . just , then under the sea the bottom of the ark scrape against a undersea mountaintop . inside the jolt toss everyone around . ila scream as she hit the ground . shem rush to she side . tla what be that ? shem we have run aground . noah leap out of he workshop . he rush off to check the ark . . ila oh my ... Water leak out from between she leg . naameh it 's begin . ila mother . what 's happen ? naameh you water have break . the baby move under the sxin of ila 's belly . ila this can not be , it 's too goon . naameh j calm down daughter . it 's not too a soon . it 's time . shem spring to action . he look to he brother . 108 , shem help I take she down ! naameh where ? CUT to : storage room akkad 's old hideaway have be update by shem and Ham . the room be now a substantial defense . it be stock with supplies . shem and Ham carry ila into a small birthing hut naameh follow they in , surprised by what she see . naameh what 's all this ? ham I know he would not let they go . shem we build it just in case . ( softly to ila ) we will be safe here . we be armed and no one will touch you or we baby . ila let out she first cry of labor . the boy set she down on a mattress . naameh clean she hand . then , she reach under the blanket and into ila . she focus on what she feel . naameh all right . it be time . baby be come . ila no , what do you mean ? please mother . he 's go to take my baby . shem he will not take we child . ila make it stop , make it -- 4 109 . a huge wave of pain come . ila grunt . it pass . ila please mother . please , keep it inside . naameh it 's come , daughter . do not think about anything else . shem will protect we , naameh hand she the blanket . naameh bite down on this . when the pain come , do not scream , try to bite on this . shem ( confident ) she can scream . I be ready . shem go outside to prepare . as another contraction arrive we cur to : the bottom of the ship noah examine the point of impact . Water slowly spray into the ship . cur to : birthing hut ila try to bite the blanket but she can not help herself and she howl . the whole ship hear it . deep in the ark we hear she howl . the cry of childbirth echo past the sleep animal and throughout the great ship . at : the bottom of the ship noah hear the cry . he lower he eye for he know what he may soon have to do . cur to : ilo . birthing hut japheth rush in terrify by the cry . he claw at he mother wishing for comfort . . naameh go outside son , outside . but japheth will not budge . ila , between contraction now , see naameh 's concern and japheth 's fear . she smile at he . ila sweet japheth . will you help I ? japheth ( through tear ) how ? ila bring I you bird . naameh yest go bring you sister what she ask . japheth go . a contraction hit ila . she wrestle with the pain . outside in the storage room shem and Ham lower sharpen spear into a pit trap . CUT to : noah 's workshop noah clean he body , hand , and foot in a basin of cold water . he put on a fresh clean robe . he strap a long sharp dagger to he waist . another of ila 's scream slice through the ship . noah kneel on the ground and clasp he hand , he pray silently . finally , we can just make out the word : noah please , please , let it be a boy . back in the : tit . birthing hut japheth return with the dove . ila , between contraction , look up at she baby brother . ila japheth , sweet brother . take she to the roof and let she fly for home . one more time . beg she to help . and wait for she . do not leave . you have get to stay up there and watch for she to return . can you do that for I ? I know you can . japheth swell with pride . we follow japheth through the ark as he rush past the outside of noahns workshop he almost smashes into he father . japheth ignore he . noah watch he son go . noah carry a huge basket fill with mix herb down into the bowel of the ship . on : the roof of the ark the gray cloud glow with sun . japheth rush outside with the dove . japheth go now . go find a safe place for my sister . he release the bird into the sky . the dove circle high above the ark . then , it fly off straight as a arrow . CUT to : the middle of the sea the ark float in the distance . we rise off of the water and watch the dove shoot past . ila 's cry bring we back to the 112 . birthing hut naameh offer ila some water . Labor be now deep upon the young woman . CUT to : animal quarter noah spark he flint into the basket of herb . they quickly start to smolder . thick smoke rush up inte the ark . CUT to : shem 's fort armed , shem pace back and forth like a cage animal . wait to protect he love . Ham crouch behind a barrel . he wait perfectly focus and still . the awl clench in white - tip finger . shem peek out the door . still no sign of he father . CUT to : roof of the ark japheth stare at the horizon . the dove be long go . naameh ( 0.s. ) it 's come . shem ! CUT to : birthing hut shem rush in . naameh be wild - eye . so be shem . they stare between ila 's leg . naameh careful now . I can feel the top of the head . there you see it ? shem do not know how to answer . ila I can not , I can not do this . '' a 113. naameh you can . you will . when you feel you have to push . you push . shem I love you . ila I love you . and then it happen . ila feel the need to push . she bear down . naameh ( to shem ) go on now . he will be come . shem step out into the storage room and stand ready by the main door . in he hide place , Ham close he eye and tighten he grip . back in the : birthing hut naameh can not help but laugh . naameh I can feel it . I can feel the head . it 's come out . tla be rock by a contraction . naameh push ! and ila do . in the : storage room shem wait , tila 's cry in the background . then he spot he father . noah stand silently on the other side of the wall of spear . noah Son . let I pass . 114 . shem I will not . noah I do not wish to harm you . shem it be my baby ! noah it threaten every creature on this boat . shem it ? you mean you grandchild ? my first bear ? just leave we be ! noah almost grin . and then we hear a newborn cry ! noah get extremely serious . he shut he eye . a moment of reflection . then , he look at he son . noah please . you can not stop we . shem excited by the sound of fatherhood respond by unleash a sword . shem ( unsure ) us? but noah have retreat into the darkness of the ark . ccur to : birthing hut naameh smile broadly as she hand the newborn baby to she mother . ila sob . back in the : storage room shem watch the hallway , not sure where noah go . he nervously scream into the lean -to . shem be it a boy ? what be it ? inside the : a Nice '' oa 115 . birthing hut ila look up at naameh - what be it ? naamer ( to ila ) I do not look . and naameh peek beneath the blanket keep the baby warm . we do not see the sex , but by the look on naameh 's face the news be not good . ila ( gasp ) oh no . naameh try to lie the best she can . naameh ( shouting to shem ) it 's a boy ! shem 's fort shem can barely believe he ear . shem a boy ? a boy ?! naameh ( 0.s. ) yes a boy ! shem see noah approach down the hall . shem it be a boy . stop . it be a boy . but noah stride forward . and now , shem hear the sound of the ark awaken behind he . CUT to : animal quarter we watch the creature rise from they slumber . they stumble to they hoof , they paw , they flipper . eye open , they stretch and yawn and let out they morning cry . back up in : ' 116 . the storage room noah push forward . Ham watch from he hide place . as noah pass , Ham rise up , murderous awl in hand . the blade rush down towards the back of noah 's head . this be not about stop noah . not about save the baby . this be about hatred and revenge . ham ahhhhhh ! but from the darkness of the ark something come . two hulk three - horn rhinos charge Ham . one toss Ham into a wall . he collapse out cold . the rhinos charge on . they smash apart shem 's wall of spear but the trap surprise they . they tumble down into the pit of spike . they species forever extinct . just on the tail of the rhino be a myriad of species two by two . they storm the fortress . the bird and bat and fly insect reach shem first . he swing at they but they teem about , confusing and disorient he . shem 's swinging trap impale one of two giant predator cat . the other one leap onto shem 's chest . shem pull out a new blade and stab the cat in its lung . he toss the carcass aside . noah move forward surround by the swarm of creature attack shem . shem it 's a bo¥ ! a boy !!! stop ! noah keep come . shem pull a trigger unleash dart and arrow at noah . the fly creature sacrifice themselves . many die . noah keep walk . two spotted wolve charge . shem retreat into the birthing hut and he see he beautiful child for the first time . but something be wrong . ila and naameh be both cry . a ad 117 , ila be not she beautiful ? shem she ? for a moment he choke up . as he pull himself together and hoist another weapon the hut be yank apart . two giant ridge - backed primate rip the hut to piece . the morning glow from outside shine on ila and the child . the primate descend on shem and push he to the ground . the wolf growl at and bite shem until all he can do be crawl up into a defensive ball in the corner . noah stop before ila . naameh pound on he chest . naameh it 's a boy for mercy 's sake . a boy ! noah lower he sobbing wife to the floor . two giant fanged hog pin she gently to the ground . and now there 's just noah and ila . ila shiver in the dawn . the pain of childbirth still rattles she inner core . she hold the baby tight . noah be it a girl ? ila can not lie . she tear up . ila please father . noah : . I be sorry . the snake on board hiss in . they grab she limb and tighten spread she down to the ground . shem try to do something but he be beat back by the live breathe animal wander everywhere . ila be pin . ila no. no ! noah take the child . his grandchild . he undress she . it be a girl . tear in he eye . he swallow they down , 118 . noah I be sorry daughter . I be so sorry : he turn he back to ila . he take a deep breath . ila I beg you please , I beg you - — ~ he pull out he dagger . ila ple -- abhhh ! ila scream . noah lift the blade , then stop . something be wrong . ila cry from pain , not anguish . he look back at she . noah what ? naameh realize first . naameh another . a twin ! a twin ! noah look at the baby in he arm . he look at the blade . he do not know what to do . the snake let she loose . noah move towards ila . ila get away from I ! you monster ! away ! she try to back away . a wall of pain hit ila , she nearly pass out . naameh let I help she . noah look at the pig . they release naameh . she crawl to ila . noah a boy . please a grandson . naameh it 's come . and ila push hard . shem cry . noar please . please . please . 119 . naameh pull the baby out . and she start to sob . noah look at naameh , he understand . but he force the tear down . he reach down and take the second newborn child . he hold both baby in one arm . they wail relentlessly . they scream be pierce . he pick they up and walk out of the room . ila reach for he , but she be exhaust , too weak to stand . cur to : the roof of the ark noah walk to the edge of the ark and stare out at the sea . the cloud be dark and gently churn . noah forgive I . he collect himself and pull out the blade . the knife hesitates and vibrate in the air . the baby scream and scream and scream . ila ( 0.8 . ) ( quietly and gently ) Father . he turn and see he daughter . she stand behind he . weak but firm . noah please child . go. you do not need to see this . ila drag herself forward , step by step . noah ( gently ) you can not stop I . ila be close now . she look at the scream wail child in she father 's arm . ila they be cry . do not let they die cry . please . I can not stop you . iwo not . just - let I hold they ? calm they for a moment . please ? let they die calm ? noah look at ila . she be tell the truth . ' the child wail uncontrollably . 120 . ila let they know a moment of peace . noah nod . ila step forward and take the child . she hold the twin tightly . shem and naameh stumble onto deck and stare . with the baby in she arm , ila drop to she knee . she stare down at they , rock slowly back and forth . laugh , cry . and then ila start to hum . her voice rise up from a place of comfort so deep she do not know its source . and she start to sing : ila sleep my child . surrender to the wild . find you breath . find you peace . sleep my child , surrender to the wild . find you breath . find you peace ... noah recognize the song . it be the same tune he sing to he child . the same tune he sing to ila as a little girl when she belly be bleed and full of fear . the song calm ila then and it calm she daughter now . she rock and sing . the infant whimper and soon they fall silent . calm and at peace they stare up at they mother . tear stream down she face , ila hold out she arm to noah . she offer up the quiet baby to he dagger . ila do it now . do it quickly . noah look down at he daughter kneel before he , offer she child , willing to hold they and watch they die in she arm rather than let they suffer . she look up at noah with a plead face . a tear in she eye refract sunlight . a rainbow in a drop of salty water as it bead and fall . noah turn and look at the sky . his eye narrow from the brightness . the cloud have finally separate and blue sky poke through . he watch as a rainbow emerge out from this air . Red , orange , yellow , green , blue , indigo , violet stretch down from the heaven into the shine sea . & 121. the knife drop . it clang against the floor of the ark , ila look up . she see she break father . crying . noah ( to himself , to the creator ) ioca not . I can not do it . I be sorry . I be so sorry . ila hug the baby against she bosom . shem hold tight onto he woman and child . naameh reach out for noah , but he stumble off . and then japheth come run . japheth there ! there ! there she be ! everyone look . it be the dove . he fly straight and strong . japheth hold out he hand . the dove land in he palm . in its beak a olive twig , green leave white flower . japheth land ! he find it ! tla smile at she young brother . ila yes . he find it . behind she , enter the dark ark go noah . he head into the belly of the ship . his family celebrate behind he . cur to : noah 's workshop noah close the door in he workshop . defeat . he sit heavily . he cry out in anguish and punch the air . d 122. og 's box fall by itself to the floor . it smashes open and the old gnarled branch roll to noah 's foot . the branch have new life . Fresh green leave have sproute from the old grey wood . slow fade to : forested mountain the same gnarled branch . now the root of a huge grape vine teeming with fruit . butterfly , bee , and hummingbird buzz around it . a foot step in front . it be Ham 's foot . Ham wear a big pack . it look like he be head off on a long trip . he look around he . there be a grape arbor . and a wine - press . some empty jug . he hold a knife in he hand . cur to : eden or what eden must have be like in its first moment of creation . the water have retreat . the ark lean against a mountain top decaye . the side of the ark have be rip down . animal roam freely . bird fill the sky . a new forest have take seed . the bud of a approach spring burst forth boldly from young tree . a small camp around a small fire . ila and shem hold the young twin . they be wrap warm from the dissipate cold . japheth be fascinate with the girl . naameh be busy work , cooking . she look up concerned . naameh Ham ? CUT to : 123. forested mountain Ham look down in the grass at he father . noah be drunk and naked , surround by empty jug . he shiver , wake . he spot he middle son . he reach out for he . noah Ham ? Ham look down at he father , with anger and bitterness . he grip the knife in he hand . then noah pass out again . a sad and drunken man . Ham 's grip on the knife loosen . he put it away . he drop something on noah 's naked chest . it be the scrap of cloth from na ’elmatuk 's shirt . Ham look around again . he shoulder he pack and walk off . he be not come back . CUT to : the SMALL camp shem and naameh talk . naameh better check up there . shem with father ? it 's the last place Ham would go . naameh still . better look . ila I will go . shem look surprised . ila it 's time I go . saw he . shem nod . he understand . CUT to : a , 124 , forested mountain noah be awake now . sitting up . his naked back to we . ila approach . he sense she but do not look . she cover he with a blanket . she pull it around he . he look 'at she . do not know what to say . ila they nre look for Ham . noah show she the scrap . she know what it mean . noah go . silence for awhile . noah ila , I ... ila there be no need to say anything . I understand . noah I have fail him . all this . I be too weak to save it . ila be that what he tell you ? noah he do not speak to I anymore . silence for a long beat , as father and daughter sit side by side . ila they be beautiful girl . they have like to know they grandfather . I no like they to . noah after what I try to do ? ila yes . I think you have a lot to teach they . about the world around they and how to live in it . maybe if you give they you wisdom they will do better with they world then we do with ours . ( 125 . noah maybe . a moment for father and daughter . the sun hang low in the sky . it will be dark soon . CUT to : the SMALL camp ila and noah stand look down on the camp . mnaameh , japheth , and shem play with the little twin . it be a idyllic scene . tla start down . noah pause . she look back at she old father for a long beat . she hold out she hand to he . he hesitates . then take it . fade to black . and this word to end : genesis 9 and God bless noah and he son , and say to they : '' be fruitful and multiply , and fill the earth . and the fear of you and the dread of you shall be on every beast of the earth and every bird of the air , on all that move on the earth , and all the fish in the sea . unto you hand be they deliver . '' return to darkness and the end .