nocturnal animal by Tom Ford base upon the novel " tony and Susan " by Austin wright fade to black production 9120 sunset Blvd . Los Angeles CA 310-278-9440 September 23rd , 2015 int . morrow gallery , los angele . present day . evening . 1 Red frizzy hair fly across we screen in slow motion . glimpsis of tinsel , and a transparent peignoir momentarily hide a large pair of sagging breast swinging from side to side and bounce up and down . Dead silence as the movement gradually speed up to real time . we slowly pull back to reveal that we image be that of a giant nude woman dress in nothing but tiny bit of glitter , white vinyl boot and a small tulle cape . she be gyrate madly and fling she head around in some sort of windstorm . as we pull back further we come to understand that what we be look at be a art installation : a floor to ceiling lcd screen . the sound of breathe . a close up of a woman 's eye now fill we screen . susan morrow , 42 , handsome . sleek . there be a very slight hint of panic on she face as she stare across the crowded , brightly light room . abruptly we sound snap on at a deafen decibel level as we hear what seem like a thousand voice scream over each other . the screen cover the four wall of the gallery and the effect of wall to wall , floor to ceiling breast and ass jiggling be oddly impressive . the obese woman on the lcd screen be nude but dress in bit and piece of americana : one be play the part of a cheerleader with red tinsel pom pom , one a majorette twirling a baton while another wear a beauty queen 's ribbon and wave small american flag . they taunt we and tease we . on raise plinth scattered around the room be incredibly life like sculpture of seemingly the same corpulent woman on we video screen . this woman appear to be dead and be lie face down . nude except for jewelry , shoe and small bit of tinsel wrap around they ankle and waist . the room be jamme with people laugh and talk . the crowd be a collection of what pass in contemporary Los Angeles culture as the chic and fashionable . photographer track several of the guest as the flash of they camera heighten the excitement in the room . our camera glide high above the room capture the crowd and the women on there plinths . 2 . ext . freeway , los angele - high above the traffic . evening 2 -- continuous . our camera hover high above the crowded freeways of los angele . we CUT back and forth from overhead shot of the nude women on plinths to overhead shot of the crowded freeways of los angle as nightfall slowly overtake the CITY . int . morrow gallery , los angele . night -- later . 3 silence . the gallery be now empty . a small crew of man in white shirt and dark tie clear away the last trace of the party . Susan be sit on one of the plinth deep in think . a nude sculpture lie face down be behind she . the woman on the screen continue to gyrate on all four wall . ext . freeway , los angele - high above the traffic . night 4 -- later . Susan 's car weave it 's way through the night . ext . morrow residence , los angele . night -- minute later . 5 Susan pull up to a pair of large stainless steel gate . the glare of she headlight reflect off of the gate and temporarily blind she as she shield she eye . she hit the remote and the massive gate glide open . she drive in as the gate close behind she . as the gate lock in place , another car pull into the driveway . the glare of the headlight blind we so that we cannot make out anything but the silhouette of the driver . we see clearly however from the large logo on the hubcap that the car be a vintage dark brown mercede . the car door open as the driver lower he foot onto the gravel drive . we cut back to the house to see Susan 's silhouette as she walk towards the front door . the house be dimly light and seemingly empty . ext . los angele . the next day -- morning . 6 3 . several shot of the los angele skyline reveal a foggy grey morning . ext . morrow residence , los angele . morning -- continuous . 7 we camera glide across the surface of a black swim pool litter with leave . we pull back to reveal a vast unkempt lawn and a large Jeff koons '' balloon Dog '' sculpture on a plinth . there be tool , equipment and a small crane next to the sculpture . despite the neglect feel of the grounds the house be impressive . Long , low , and elegant . int . morrow residence , los angele . morning -- continuous . 8 we move into the live room which be a expanse of grey carpet and low velvet sofa . there be several very large art crate lining the hall . the house be beautiful but cold and empty . we camera move down a long corridor towards a door at the end . the hallway seem endless . a large white calder mobile move slowly over a fireplace at the end of the hall as the breeze from the air-conditioner stir it . Susan stand underneath the calder in front of a enormous television with a remote control in she hand . press it over and over . as we approach the door the sound of the television become louder and louder . we can hear two woman 's voice as they shriek with laughter . television voice 1 and all that decolletage of yours should get you more dickoletage than that dude 's get ! and as I can recall , you be the one that tell I that when he come it be as thin as coconut water ! honey , that 's a deal breaker for I ! television voice 2 it be that thin . television voice 1 well I see we be settling for less now ! the woman break into hysterical laughter once again . we cut to Susan 's face . her mouth literally hang open as she stand stare at the television and hold the remote in she hand try to get the television to turn off . susan Beyond . she toss the remote on the bed in disgust and walk out of the room leave the television still on . int . morrow residence - entry hall . morning -- continuous . 9 christopher , 38 , wear a dark suit and tie be place the mail on a small desk . christopher Mrs. morrow , a package arrive for you . I find it in the mailbox this morning . May I ask you who you would like on duty this weekend ? susan actually , why do not you give everyone the weekend off . christopher be you sure ? susan yes . we might go to the beach house and if not it might be nice to have the weekend alone . christopher I ’1ll let everyone know . susan thank you . Susan stare at the package for a moment . it be a simple box wrap in plain brown paper . Susan begin to rip the wrapping off of the box . as she do she cut she finger on the edge of the paper . she wince , look at the blood and then quickly put she finger in she mouth . susan ( cont ’d ) damn it . Christopher , I be sorry but could you help I open this ? I just cut my finger . Paper cut . christopher of course . susan thank you . Christopher rip the paper off of the package . Inside be a neat grey linen archival box and a hand write note . christopher there 's a note . susan it 's okay . you can read it . Christopher read the note aloud . christopher dear Susan , I have write a novel that will be publish in the spring . it 's different than the kind of thing that I be write when we be together . Christopher pause and look up . susan go ahead . christopher in the end you leave I with the inspiration that I need to write from the heart . I want you to be the first to read it so I be send along a proof . ( more ) 10 christopher ( cont 'd ) I will be in LA until Wednesday on business and it would be good to see you after so long . my cell number and e-mail address be below . Edward . Susan stand stunne for a moment . susan thanks . Christopher place the note back on the box and leave the room . Susan 's gaze be transfix as she stare down at the note . she pick up the box and carry it into the kitchen . int . morrow residence - kitchen . morning -- continuous . hutton morrow , 44 year old , tall , athletic and well groom , dress in a crisp white button down shirt , blue blazer and grey pants , enter the room . hutton 's face give away the fact that he have not sleep . Susan be wash the cut on she finger at the sink . hutton good morning . susan good morning . hutton what be that ? susan it 's a manuscript that Edward send I . he write a novel . hutton Edward who ? susan Edward , my first husband . remember he ? hutton be hutton I do not know he could write . susan yes you do . he be write a novel when you and get together , you just do not remember . hutton have you even talk to he in 20 year ? susan 19 . no . I try call hima couple of time a few year ago but he just hang up on I . I think he 's teach English at some prep school in Dallas . it 's sad really . he never remarry . not really listen . he be put a nespresso pod into the coffee machine . she turn susan ( cont ’d ) where be you last night ? you do not come by the gallery . hutton I be sorry . really . by the time I leave the office I be late for my dinner ... susan it would have take you 15 minute . 15 minute and it would have mean a lot to I . ( pause ) never mind . away from he . susan ( cont ’d ) you do not come to bed last night . hutton I do not want to wake you up . susan well , I be not asleep . I be too wound up from the open . hutton toss he newspaper on the counter and begin to read . susan ( cont ’d ) it go well by the way . apparently . hutton good . Susan cross the room to hutton . susan look . why do not you and I go to the beach . we can go tonight and come back on Monday . maybe if we just spend some time , just the two of we ... Susan glance up at he . susan ( cont ’d ) why be you wear this blazer on a Saturday ? hutton because I have to go to the office and then I have to go to the airport and then I have to go back to New York . susan you just come from there . hutton yes , I know . but I have to go if I want to get this deal do . I do not want to have to sell anything else . hutton be rip a packet of sweetener open and he spill it on the counter . hutton ( cont 'd ) shit . Susan begin sweeping it away . susan it 's okay . 11 12 Susan look at crate in the hall . susan ( cont ’d ) you know , the strange thing be that I do not really care about all of this art . hutton that do not sound like you . susan I know . but it 's true . hutton I care . it piss I off . susan I know you do . she pause a moment . susan ( cont ’d ) do not worry , I can fill the wall with some new LA artist and people will think we be ahead of the curve instead of go break . you will not have to be embarrassed . hutton glare at she as she walk away . ext . holt residence , bel AIR california . that night . 11 Susan and hutton get out of they car . a black vintage bentley coupe . there be several impressive and flashy car park in front of the door . int . holt residence , bel AIR california . night -- 12 continuous . we enter the house . it be beautiful and expensive . the art on the wall be staggering and the mix of contemporary art with 18th century furniture and the modern architecture of the house itself be eccentric in the extreme . a butler lead we into a room fill with a small group of people . all know each other well . Susan and hutton be greet with cheek kiss . 10 . Susan stand talk with alessia holt , 38 , dress in a kaftan and cover in gold and turquoise jewelry . she be tall , pale and she eye be darken with heavy liner and even heavier shadow so that she almost have the appearance of a raccoon . she move she hand wildly when she speak . she be flamboyant but there be a kindness and gentle quality about she . the two woman be clearly close as be evident by they easy rapport . alessia be thing a little better ? susan he 's just have a hard time with he business right now . they glance across the room at hutton who be speak with carlo holt early 50' , silver hair , tall and elegant . alessia carlos tell I . susan I be surprised . I think we be hide it pretty well . hutton would be very upset to find out that anyone know . he just hate not to win . she look over at he . alessia be you sleep ? do you call my psychopharmacologist ? she take a sip of she martini . alessia ( cont 'd ) do you call he ? you should because he 's a genius . hutton have pull away from carlos and step into the hall . he be on he phone . Susan watch he . alessia reach out and touch Susan 's arm . alessia ( cont 'd ) Susan , I be worried about you . 11 . Susan be focus on hutton who be still on he phone . alessia ( cont 'd ) seriously , look at I . you scared I the last time that we talk . she look at alessia and she shoulder droop . she feel comfortable enough with alessia to let a certain fragility show . susan I be fine . I be fine . I just can not believe I tell you all of that thing . I feel embarrassed about it . what right do I have to not be happy ? I have everything . I feel ungrateful not to be happy . alessia as much right as anyone Susan . as much right as anyone because it 's all relative . you be just awfully hard on yourself . Susan look across the room at carlos . susan how do you do it ? alessia you mean with carlos ? I be totally cool with it . have a gay husband be not such a bad thing . we be best friend . we love each other completely . I be certainly the only woman in he life . and that last longer than lust do not it ? it 's forever really . alessia glance towards hutton . susan hutton and I do not have that . alessia do you ever ? 13 14 12 . susan I think we just want different thing . or maybe I want different thing . alessia do you still love he ? she look up and hutton catch she eye and motion to she with he head . susan I be be summon . pardon I . he have to catch a plane . I need to say goodbye . Susan cross the room to hutton and lead he to the door . alessia stare after she . ext . holt residence , bel AIR california . night -- 13 continuous . we be on the front step of the house . there be a black mercede and driver wait for hutton . susan I hope that this deal work out for you . I really do . I know that you need it . hutton we need this . susan no , you need this . she lean in to kiss he on the cheek . she watch the car pull out of the driveway and go back into the house . int . holt residence , bel AIR california . night -- later . 14 the flamboyant and eclectic guest be seat around the dining table finish dessert . conversation at the table be lively , and somewhat loud . Susan be seat next to carlos . 13 . at that moment the other end of the table erupt with laughter as chloe , 24 , a beautiful young actress finish a story . she speak with a strong southern accent and have a certain vapid charm . the table be rivete . chloe so I say , '' well my mother always tell I if you massage you pussy with Pam cook spray for a month before the baby come you will not need vaginal rejuvenation ! '' the table burst into hysterical laughter . Susan turn back to carlos . susan I have get to get some Pam . and she be go to get a nomination this year . carlo a nomination ? she be go to win ! they both look towards Chloe . carlo ( cont 'd ) let 's talk about you open . my favorite subject . susan not mine . carlo the open be spectacular last night . susan really ? be that what you think ? carlo you do not ? susan no. carlo I love it . I think the work be incredibly strong . so perfect with all of this junk culture that we live in . 15 16 14 . susan it be junk . total junk . carlo darling , you be a big success . none of we really like what we do . susan so why do we do it ? carlo because we be drive . and maybe a bit insecure . we get into thing when we be young because we think they mean something . susan and then we find out that they do not . carlo Susan , enjoy the absurdity of we world . it 's a lot less painful . and believe I , we world be a lot less painful than the real world . int . morrow residence - susan 's bathroom . night -- later . 15 Susan be dress for bed . she look in the mirror for a moment . she open she medicine cabinet and take two different pill . int . morrow residence - susan 's bedroom . night -- minute 16 later . one wall of the room be all glass . the view across the lawn and down to the city be dramatic and eerie at the same time . as Susan sit down on the bed , she eye catch the cover of '' nocturnal animal '' on she bedside table . she pause , then pick up the manuscript and open it to the first page . she be momentarily take aback by the dedication . the clean white page read simply : '' for Susan '' . she begin to read ... 17 15 . ext . hasting residence , houston TEXAS . present day -— — 17 dusk . we be in the driveway of a modest but well design ranch style house . a large oak tree loom over the lawn and the sound of cicadas can be hear . tony hasting , early 40s , dark brown hair with a full beard , be load bag into the back of a vintage 4 door brown mercede . he be dress in jeans and a red plaid shirt . india hasting , 16 , be help he . she be tall and slim with long red hair . india dad , why be we drive this old thing to marfa ? tony because I just have it completely rebuilt . it 's a classic . india it have a terrible sound system . she throw a bag in the trunk . tony well you will have to suffer through that . he lift a pair of riding boot into the back of the car . tony ( cont 'd ) you have two set of boot India ? india do we really have to stop tonight ? I would rather just get there . tony ask you mother . she 's the boss . LAURA hasting , 40 , shoulder length red hair , slim and pretty like she daughter , come out of the house with a small bag . she get into the car . LAURA I set the alarm . 18 19 16 . the car pull out of the driveway and into the twilight . driving out of the sprawl that be Houston and into the country , until the highway stretch out straight ahead . int . hasting car . night -- later . 18 India be texting in the back seat . tony India , you have be do that for hour . I think you be the one who want to drive all night . india I do . but what be we suppose to do , sing campfire song or something ? the road be even more flat and straight now . the highway be increasingly desert and have narrow to two lane on each side . every few minute a car pass they in the leave lane or the headlight of a oncoming car can be see across the median . LAURA how much longer ? tony about three and a half hour . india well dad , you be go to get you wish . my cell service just go out . Jesus , can you believe that there be no service here ? how be that even be possible ? tony two of the thing I love most about west Texas ; no phone and no people . int . hasting car . night -- later 19 silence in the car . tony be drive and Laura and India be asleep . tony be fumble to find a radio station but none be within range . 17 . tony look over at Laura and touch she cheek . she open she eye for a moment , smile at he and kiss he hand . straight ahead on the highway , tony see two set of tail light block both lane of the road . tony have to slow he speed and he get behind the car on the leave and wait . both car be now slow down even more . tony come on . tony press he horn lightly . Laura and India wake up . the car in the leave lane , a old dark green metallic pontiac gto with a dent fender finally pull ahead and tony follow . he zoom past the first car , a old dark red cadillac convertible , and get back into the right lane as the green gto speed off into the distance . the cadillac fall behind . the gto in front now begin to slow down as well . as tony pass the car the driver lean back into he seat and laugh . there be two other man in the car but we can not see they face . india total jerk . tony be we rid of they ? India give they the finger from the rear window . LAURA India , do not do that ! tony what ? what do she do ? LAURA she just give they the finger . the driver of the green gto now step on the gas and begin to gain on tony . LAURA ( cont 'd ) tony ! speed up . india shit ! 18 . LAURA no . I do not like this . tony it 's alright . LAURA just speed up . tony ! the dark green gto be now honk and roar up beside the family . india shit . LAURA just let they go . let they go . the three man in the car be stare at the family and laugh . tony India , do not look at they . do not give they any reason . the man in the passenger side of the car be look at India with a lascivious grin on he face . the other man in the car be laugh . india why be he smile like that ? suddenly the green gto lunge sideways towards tony 's car , force he to swerve . the gto then pull in front of the mercede and cut they off . tony he 's crazy . LAURA oh my god . tony pull out to pass the car but as he do the car in front swing leave to block he way and tony hit he brake . as tony swerve back to the right the gto cut he off again , prevent he from pass . in a surge of rage tony step on the gas . a loud metallic crash noise . he hit they . 19 . tony fuck . tony , shocked at what have just happen step on the gas , and get around the other car . as he pass the gto the driver be wave madly and scream at he to pull over and stop . LAURA oh god , tony . the light of the gto grow distant as tony speed away . the car be quiet as the family sit stunne at what just happen . tony India , be you phone work yet ? india no , but I take down they license number . as tony check he rear view mirror he see a pair of headlight beginning to gain on he . tony no . Laura look in the side view mirror and see the car approach . LAURA oh no . the gto now roar up beside they on the leave and the guy in the passenger seat be wave he arm violently at they , shouting , shaking he fist and point . the car swerve towards they and try to force tony onto the shoulder . tony keep he foot on the pedal and keep he hand grip firmly on the steering wheel . the green gto suddenly ram into the mercede , pull back and then ram they again and again force tony to move towards the shoulder of the road as he begin to loose control of the car . another crash sound against he leave fender and he feel the damage . the gto push against he continuously and hold steady . the loud raw grate noise of metal rip at metal be deafen . 20 21 20 . tony 's steering wheel begin to rattle and shake as the other car force he off of the road and land in front of he ina cloud of dust and gravel . int . morrow residence - susan 's bedroom . night -- 20 continuous . shaken by what she have just read , Susan try to catch she breath . she turn the page ... ext . highway , west TEXAS . night -- continuous . 21 as the dust settles as we can see clearly that the hasting 's car be block in by the other car . Laura look back to make sure that India be okay as the second car , the convertible that be lag behind , come into sight . we see the wide grin of the shirtless driver as the car slow and then speed away . the family sit in shock try to figure out what to do . the driver 's side of the old buick open and a man , ray marcus late 20 , rough look yet surprisingly handsome , step out . Laura reach for tony 's arm . the other man in the car be look on but we do not make out they face clearly . tony sit still . they have probably get a gun . LAURA please tony . pull out . tony I can not move . he 's block the car . the man walk around to the back of he car to survey the damage . he begin to talk to the man in the front passenger seat . tony ( cont 'd ) what 's he do ? he then walk over to tony 's car . slowly . he be wear a western shirt , jeans and bright green cowboy boot . he look at the front of tony 's car and come to the window . 21 . LAURA do not get out of the car . tony I be not get out of the car sweetheart . Ray motion for tony to roll down he window . tony do this reluctantly . ray good evenin . Ray smile . tony good evening . ray you be suppose to stop when there be a accident . tony I know that . ray then why do not you stop then ? the man lean down and look inside the car at Laura and India . India be try to get a signal with she phone again . ray ( cont 'd ) that will not work . no signal here . he look at tony again . ray ( cont 'd ) you be not suppose to leave the scene of a accident . it 's a crime . LAURA after the way you be drive ? tony Laura ... ray what do you say ? 22 . Ray 's hand be rest on top of the mercede . he be tapping he finger on the roof of the car over and over . we can see clearly the twinkle of a pink diamond heart shape girl 's ring on he little finger . his dirty nail be long and that of someone who play the guitar . he have the swagger of a seventies rock star . LAURA just that the way you be drive be crazy . Ray bang he hand on the roof of the car and spit . ray hey Turk ! the door on the right side of the buick open and the two man get out . turk who be the smallest of the three and lou who be tall and thin with a dead look in he eye . both man wear old baseball hat . Ray put he hand on the half open window and lean in . LAURA do not come any closer . tony alright sweetheart , it 's alright . the other man begin approach the car . LAURA you know what , please just get back in you car . leave we alone . ray Lady , lady , lady ... calm down . we get a accident to report , that 's all . one of the man shine he flashlight at Laura . LAURA leave we alone . tony it 's just a flashlight sweetheart . it 's just a flashlight . it 's alright . 23 . ray Jesus Christ . the other two man be inspect the front of tony 's car put they hand on the hood and lean down under the car . we can not see what they be do . tony okay . all right . let 's exchange information . ray information ? let 's exchange information ? Ray lower himself down on he knee and rest he arm across the car door . he smile . tony yeah . alright . open up the glove compartment sweetheart . ray let 's exchange information . okay . I be a Gemini , my favorite color be petal pink , and I like long walk and kitten . Ray break into hysterical laughter as he claw with he nail at the window imitate a kitten . the family sit dumbstruck , as the other man laugh along with Ray . tony you know what , we should call the police . ray oh ? it 's a great idea . it be you fuckin fault , right ? LAURA it do not matter whose fault it be tony . the two man in front walk around to the side of the car . 24 . turk hey Ray , this guy 's get a flat tire . tony oh come on ! Ray go around to look . the man all start to laugh . ray well what do you know ? well sure thing . tony what ? someone kick the tire and the car rock a bit . india do not believe it , dad . the three man come to the driver 's window . ray yep . you leave tire be flat , sure be . turk flat as a pancake . ray you must have bust it when you be shove we off the road . someone cackle . LAURA we do not shove you off the road ! you shove we off the road ! tony shhh . be quiet . india ( quietly ) it 's a lie . ray you think I be a liar ? tony she 's just a child . 25 . ray you think I be a liar ! tony no . she 's not say that man . she 's just a child . he wave the other guy back . ray you do not get a flat , go on and drive . start the engine and drive . drive on it asshole , drive away . nobody 's stop you . tony start the car and roll it forward . it be evident that the tire be flat . he turn off the engine . tony God damn it ! LAURA oh god ! oh god ! what be we go to do tony ? what be we go to do ? tony it 's alright . it 's okay . LAURA it 's not okay . we be in the middle of nowhere . what be we go to do ? ray tell you what . we will fix it for you . wo not we , guy ? turk yeah . sure . LAURA really ? ray yeah , just to show you we be okay we will fix it for you , you will not have to do a thing , and then we 'il go to the cop together , you and I , and report you accident . 26 . turk you get tool , mister ? LAURA do not get out of the car . please . ray no need . use ours . come on , let 's get go . the three man go to the trunk of they car while tony and he wife and daughter watch with they door lock . they watch while the man bring out they tool , the jack , the tire iron . turk you get a spare tire man ? tony pause . he be not sure . the man start to laugh . all but Ray who be lighting a cigarette . ray you cai not change a tire without a spare . turk you wanna give I the key to the trunk ? LAURA no . india no , dad . Turk look at India for a long time . stare . look she up and down . turk who the fuck do you think you be ? tony just pop the trunk open for I Laura . tony get out of the car and lift out the suitcase and box in the light of the flashlight hold by Turk , until they get at the spare tire . 27 . Ray take a drag off of he cigarette begin dance next to the car . turk get the woman outta the car . ray come on , get they out . tony stare blankly at Ray as he weigh this in he mind . Ray be become irritate . ray ( cont 'd ) come on man ! we gotta lift you car up on a jack so get um out . tony look around surveying the situation . ray ( cont 'd ) dude ! we gotta lift you wife and you child and you car ? get you woman out of the car ! tony look at he wife and daughter . he clock the man with the crowbar and the other with the wrench . tony it 's all right honey . they just want you out while they fix the tire . Laura and India get out and stand near the door of the car . the man begin raise the car and loosen the flat tire . Ray be kick the luggage around at the back of the car inspect it with the toe of he cowboy boot . he look up at tony . ray come over here . tony walk towards he . ray ( cont ’d ) you see what you do to my car ? you think you be fuckin hot shit do not you ? tony what be you talk about ? 28 . ray they definitely think they be fuckin hot shit . tony who ? ray be you serious . you bitch man , who else ? you too . you think you be somthin special , you can bump a guy 's car and then leave the scene of a accident . tony listen , you be play some kind of crazy game with we on the road . ray yeah ? the flash blue light of a police car suddenly appear . the car be move at very high speed , clearly on a call . tony step towards the road and wave he arm . Laura and India run towards the road scream . they be too late and shout frantically into the night as the police car speed off into the distance . Ray hold he breath for a moment and then he and the other two man start laugh . ray ( cont 'd ) there go you cop . you should have try harder to stop they . but that 's okay . we will take good care of you . the man continue to work on the car . they seem to enjoy it and laugh and talk . Ray be not laugh . Ray pace back and forth while the other two man finish change the tire . Ray look periodically over at Laura and India tapping he foot and murmure under he breath . ray ( cont 'd ) ( murmuring ) fuckin bitch . fuckin god damned uppity bitch . fuck you . i’1l teach you a thing or two . fuck you ... 29 . tony be watch Ray pace back and forth . he hear what he be say . ray ( cont ’d ) what be you look at ? hot shot . he be mutter to himself and become more agitate . ray ( cont ’d ) what be you try to do there on the road ? tony we be just try to get to where we be go . ray and where 's that ? tony say nothing . ray ( cont 'd ) I say , where be you go . tony marfa . ray and what exactly be in marfa ? tony look at the ground . the man move closer to tony and bring he face level with he . tony take a step backwards and Ray close the gap . Ray lean forward force tony to lean back . ray ( cont 'd ) I say , what 's in marfa ? hey mother fucker . Ray take hold of tony 's crotch and shove he . tony hey , let go of I . india leave my dad alone , asshole ! LAURA India ... 30 . ray fuck you , baby . LAURA she do not mean that . she 's just a kid . Ray stroll over to where India and Laura be stand . they be terrify . Turk grab tony and push he backwards as Ray shove India up against the car . ray what 's in marfa ? you daddy will not tell I so why do not you . india what be it to you anyway ? tony be now fight to get to India as Turk push he back with a crowbar . ray come on baby , we be nice guy . we be fixin you tire . Ray begin to dance in front of India , trapping she at the door of the car . ray ( cont 'd ) wanna dance ? wanna dance ? Ray look towards tony who be still struggle with Turk to get towards he daughter . tony let she go ! ray look at he . you daddy think he 's so much better than I . what do you think ? India look he straight in the eye . india well he be . 31 . ray look at he . he 's a wimp . a total pussy . tony get you hand off of she ! india you be scum , you know . Ray take a step towards India . Laura step in between but he push she aside . he put he hand on the girl 's shoulder . instantly Laura be on he hit and kick and pull at he from behind until she be flung to the side . ray bitch ! tony move in but before he know it Ray knock he back . tony fall to the ground . his nose be bleed . Ray face all three of they . ray ( cont 'd ) watch it you fuck asshole . you get no fuck right to talk to I like that ! the man by the tire stop to watch . ray ( cont 'd ) Christ sake , we be fixin you god damned tire ! he walk around to the other two man . Laura wrap she arm around India and try to calm she down . tony struggle to get up from the pavement , he nose bleed profusely . ray ( cont 'd ) ( to tony ) you all right over there ? need a tissue ? Ray walk over to tony who be now stand hold onto he nose as the blood run down he face . ray ( cont 'd ) God damn ! that look bad ! he turn towards Laura and India . 32 . ray ( cont 'd ) hey honey ! you get a tampon ? you nose look like shit ! tony I be fine . ray I mean it look like shit . tony I be fine . the man have finish with the car . Ray look over at they . ray be we good ? we be good . we be set . we be good to go . tony alright . how far up the road until we can get a phone signal ? ray and why do you want to get further up the road ? so you can leave the scene of a accident again ? Ray move closer to tony . india leave he alone ! Ray look over at India and stare at she for a moment . he then turn back to tony . ray there 's service up by Bailey . how do you think we be gonna get there though ? tony in we car . ray which car ? 33. tony both car . ray naw , mister . do not try no fuckin shit with I . tony what ? ray you hear I . I know what you be doin . I know what you plan be . tony what be the matter ? ray do not try no fuck shit with I . tony what be the matter ? what the fuck be wrong with you ? ray how do I know that you be not gonna just floor the gas and leave I in the dust . tony alright fine . get in you car and we will follow you there . ray fuck you ! no way ! you go in my car . tony what ? india no! LAURA no . no way . ray you come with we . tony no . I be not go to do that . 34 . ray okay fine . you drive you car and the girl come with we . Ray start to move around the back of the car towards Laura and India . Lou move towards tony to hold he back . Laura try to push Ray away from India but be block by Turk who throw she to the ground . Ray pick India up and begin to carry she to the front of the car . the two woman begin scream as the situation become more violent . tony finally break free from Lou and move in towards the car only to be hold back once again . tony stop ! what be you do ! stop ! get you hand off of they ! India break free and run down the road as Ray stand catch he breath . he call after she as he rub he crotch . ray bye bye sweetheart . I love you ! tony India ! Laura be still struggle with Turk as Lou release tony . tony ( cont 'd ) get you hand off of she ! Laura break free and run towards India . Ray look towards tony who be now slowly wander down the road towards Laura and India . he be daze . ray look what you go and do ! he look towards Laura . ray ( cont 'd ) be she the boss ? be she the boss of you family ? tony Laura ! 35 . as tony move towards he wife and daughter Ray follow and drop down to he knee in front of tony . ray have you get a vagina ? have you get a fuckin vagina there ? Ray flatten himself on the road and begin fuck the pavement . ray ( cont 'd ) hey , vagina boy ! vagina boy ! tony finally snap , move quickly to Ray and scream at the top of he voice . tony stay away ! stay away ! stay the fuck away ! Ray be now right in tony 's face as the two man stand scream at each other . Laura run to the car and shout at tony and India to get in the car . LAURA tony ! tony ! get in the car ! there be a rush of motion , the man be startle , India run to the car and make she way around to the rear door and into the backseat , slamm and lock the door behind she . Laura also jump into the front seat and lock the door . Ray have now move away from tony and towards the mercede . ray hey ! here we go ! go in both car ! hey Lou ! Ray run around to the driver 's side of the mercede and start to jump in just before Laura realize too late what be happen and be not able to reach across and lock the door . he brace the door open with he foot as Laura scratch and claw at he as he try to get in . as tony look up , he see Turk reach around and unlock the back door as India bite he and scream . he fight she off and push he way into the car as Ray slam the driver 's door and start the car . 22 23 36 . india dad ! dad ! tony stare at what be happen in complete disbelief . he freeze and stand for a moment paralyze . India 's scream pierce the silence of the night and finally pull he back to reality . he snap to and move towards the car but immediately Lou be upon he . with a violent roar the car pull onto the highway and speed away . tony no ! no ! tony see the horrify face of he wife and daughter as the car rush away . India 's tear streak face stare back at he from the rear window . the sound of the car fade and the red tail light grow fainter and then disappear all together . tony ( cont 'd ) no! no ! no ! int . morrow residence - susan 's bedroom . night -- 22 continuous . horrify , Susan snap the book close . she be stunne . the deafen silence and the stillness of she bedroom be in sharp contrast to the scene she just read . it take she a moment to calm down . she pick up she phone and dial . int . HOTEL , new york . early morning -- continuous . 23 hutton be in the lobby of the hotel . his cell phone buzze . he look at it and answer . hutton Susan ? susan why do not you call to let I know that you get in safely . hutton I do not want to wake you . it 's 4 o'clock in the morning there . ( more ) 37 . hutton ( cont 'd ) why be you still up ? take one of that pill . susan where be you ? hutton walk in the door of the hotel . we see that hutton be not alone . he be with a beautiful woman in she early 30 . very much like a young version of Susan . hutton put he hand up to he lip to signify to she that she should not speak . they step into the elevator . elevator operator what floor sir ? hutton 31 please . Susan overhear this . susan that 's not we usual floor . hutton we regular room be not available . you should have see the scene that I cause in the lobby . Susan soften . susan I hope you get some sleep on the plane . I do worry about you , even though you think I do not . you must be exhaust . I hate that flight . it 's too short to really ... elevator operator 31 , madam . 24 int . morrow residence - susan 's bedroom . night -- 24 continuous . Susan clock the '' madam '' . 25 38 . hutton at my floor . get to go . i’1l call you later . Long pause as we watch Susan 's face . hutton ( cont 'd ) Susan ? Susan do not answer . hutton ( cont 'd ) Susan ? can you hear I ? susan yes . I hear you . get some sleep . she hang up the phone . Susan sit stare into space , on the edge of she bed . she close she eye . ext . highway , west TEXAS . night . 25 tony and Lou run towards the gto as the dust still linger from the other car . lou you drive . tony get into the dark green car . Lou sit next to he on the passenger side . tony start the car as quickly as he can and speed off after the mercede . he reach a exit . tony be this the exit ? lou the exit for what ? tony for Bailey ? lou keep go . 39 . the car bounce off of the pavement on to a dirt road . as they round a corner they pass a old abandon adobe church . tony slow the car . lou ( cont 'd ) keep go . speed up . they pass through a chain link gate onto a even less travel road . tony what the fuck be you do to we ? lou here . turn down here . tony stop the car . tony look , fuck you . I be not go down that road ! lou listen mister . you wanna see you wife and kid ? then turn down that road . tony hang he head . lou ( cont 'd ) you gonna cry now ? tony slowly raise he head , and step on the gas . as they car make the turn the light illuminate the brush for just a instant . there be a old trailer off of the side of the road . a dark color car be park in a turnout next to the trailer , partially hide behind a cluster of mesquite tree . tony but that 's my car we just pass ! lou it be not you car man . keep goin . tony continue to drive . lou ( cont 'd ) I do not think you need to worry about you wife and kid . like I say you do not need to worry about they . 40 . tony what do you mean I do not need to worry about they ? what the fuck do that mean ? lou calm down . he be not never kill nobody yet . that 's all I mean . at least as far as I know he be not . tony kill ! why be you talk about kill ! lou I say he ain 't kill nobody yet . his voice be very quiet . lou ( cont 'd ) if you have listen to I you would hear what I be say . they come to a clear be the track disappear into the grass . the site be litter with beer bottle and a few shotgun cartridge . tony come to a stop . lou ( cont 'd ) well , look like we run outta road . they be not here . wonder if I make a mistake . it 's time for you to get out now okay ? before he know it , Lou jump out of the door , come around to tony 's side of the car and fling the door open . lou ( cont 'd ) get out ! Lou grab tony by the arm , yank hard and in one motion throw he on the ground . lou ( cont 'd ) you will get kill if you do not watch it . he get into the car , slam the door , jerk forward , and start back up the desert road . tony chase after the car and bang on the door as Lou kick the dust up in tony 's face . 26 41 . tony watch the red light disappear . except for the light of the vast sky and the sound of coyote in the distance the night be completely black . tony sit down on the ground and start to cry . he pound he fist into he leg . ext . desert , west TEXAS . night -- later . 26 tony hear a faint but steady whoosh sound in the distance , and then the far away cry of what could be the horn of a large truck . the sound come from the opposite direction of the dirt road . tony stand up , think and start walk in the direction of the sound . as he do we see light come along down the dirt road . the car stop at the clear where tony be kick out . two man get out . although it be not completely clear , the car look like tony 's mercede . tony see the beam of a flashlight and flatten himself reflexively behind a large boulder and a clump of brush at the edge of the arroyo . ray what do you fuckin leave he out here for ? lou hey mister ! you wife want you ! tony hold still . ray get back in the fuckin car . lou mister ? you wife want you . silence . footstep in the brush very close by . lou ( cont 'd ) mister ! ah shit ! the man get back in the car and slam the door . the light of the car illuminate the top of the grass and brush like a movie stage . after a moment the car turn back down the dusty road . 27 28 29 30 42 . tony stay flat against the ground . silence . the sound of the desert . in the distance the whoosh sound seem louder than before . tony pull himself up and start walk towards the sound . as tony walk through the desert brush the sky begin to lighten a bit to a deep violet . tony climb down a arroyo and crawl under a barb wire fence . as he do he fall to the ground and twist he ankle . the sky be beginning to turn a light pink . ext . highway , west TEXAS . dawn -- later . 27 tony wander along the highway signal and wave he arm to get someone to stop but no one do . he keep walk and put he arm out as every car pass . scream at time for car to stop . finally , on the side of the road , tony see a small adobe house . he rush up to the door and begin bang on the door furiously . a woman in short answer . we hear a baby cry in the background . tony May I use you phone ? int . police station , west TEXAS . later that morning 28 tony sit in a glass in room star into space . int . morrow residence susan 's bedroom . night . 29 Susan lie on she bed deep in think . she be hold onto a small gold cross around she neck . '' nocturnal animal '' lie next to she . int . police station , west TEXAS . morning -- continuous . 30 lieutenant grave , heavy set , 60 , ask tony question . 31 32 33 34 35 43 . lieutenant grave Mr. hastings , there be no town near here call '' Bailey '' . tony I be afraid of that . tony , bleary eye , stare off in the distance . lieutenant grave there 's a motel across the street . have you get any money ? tony I have credit card . lieutenant grave it 's still early Mr. hastings . we will call if we get anything . ext . motel , west TEXAS . dusk . 31 the neon sign in front of the motel flick on . int . motel , west TEXAS . tony's room - bathroom . night . 32 tony be attempt to lie comfortably in the tiny tub of he motel room . he be wash the blood and dirt off of he face . the steam from the water rise . the light be a harsh glow . the tub be dingy with green tile and a plastic shower curtain . he begin to cry softly . int . morrow residence - susan's bathroom . night . 33 Susan lie in she tub with she eye open . think . there be only a dim light in the room come from the open door . int . morrow residence - susan 's bedroom . early morning . 34 Susan lie on she bed motionless , stare at the ceiling . it be another grey foggy LA day . int . motel , west TEXAS . tony 's room . day . 35 tony lie on the bed sprawle out with he shirt off . his hair be wet . the air conditioner be on full blast . 36 44 , the phone ring . tony hello . lieutenant grave this be Lieutenant grave . they find you car over in a wash out arroyo at topping . tony what about my wife and daughter ? lieutenant grave still no news . they be not in the car . tony flinch . lieutenant grave ( cont 'd ) we be turn this case over to Lieutenant ande . can he pick you up in a few minute ? tony I be ready now . ext . motel parking lot , west TEXAS . day -- later . 36 a police car sit in front of the motel office . a tall slim man in a western jacket and a cowboy hat be stand at the back of the car smoking . this be bobby ande , late 40s , weathered face , fade brown hair , with a mustache . he be impose . ande glad to meetcha . I be Bobby ande . I look into thing around here . tony you find my car ? ande they find it in a creek bed . he take a drag of he cigarette as he survey tony . 37 45 . ande ( cont ’d ) tell you what . if we take you back to the house where we pick you up from could you back track from there ? tony I could try . ande okay then , you try . let 's go . int . police car , west TEXAS highway . day -- minute later . 37 the man in uniform drive fast . clearly use to drive like a cop . no one speak . Bobby ande be sit in the passenger seat and tony in the back . the loudspeaker chatter with radio police voice . Bobby turn the sound down . ande it 's my understanding that this fella do not have any gun . tony look down . tony no . ande stare at tony for a moment . ande alright . let 's get some thing straight . you say this fella name Lou drive you into the brush and leave you there ? tony he make I drive . ande and when you start to walk out you see they come in again . tony yes . ande which car be it ? 46 . tony I think it be my car . ande how do you know ? tony the look of it . the sound of it . it sound like my car . ande could you see they in the dark ? tony not very well . ande what do they say ? tony they say , '' mister , you wife want you '' . ande why do not you go to they ? tony look down at he lap . tony I do not know why I do not go . ande do you think they be with they ? they drive by a old red billboard , glow brightly in the harsh sunlight . tony I do not know . I do not think so then . I think if they be she would have call out . I do not know why I do not go . something hold I back . ande well , I think we have better find that road , do not you ? 38 47 . they drive for quite a while and then stop in front of the small adobe house just off the highway where tony be pick up . Bobby ande light a cigarette . ande ( cont ’d ) okay . can you take it from here ? tony I come down the highway . I walk for a long time . no one stop for I . ande sargent , back up slowly down the shoulder . put you signal light on . they move against the traffic for only a few minute . tony stop the car ! stop the car ! I come out of that barb wire fence . right there , next to the reflector . I remember that . the officer stop the car . ande let 's get out and walk . you say you walk out here , right ? ext . highway , west TEXAS . day -- continuous . 38 the man get out of the car and crawl under the barb wire fence . tony survey the desert landscape . Bobby put out he cigarette . tony I come up this way because I walk along in that arroyo over there . ande this be part of the old Valdes place . there 's a cattle station down that way a bit next to where they burn they garbage . this road lead to it . 39 40 48 . int . morrow residence - susan 's bedroom . morning -- 39 continuous . Susan be in she bed read and be clearly engross . she be nervously fondle the gold cross around she neck . ext . garbage dump - old valde place , west TEXAS . day -- 40 later . tony be stand stunne . his eye be wet . in the distance there be a three sided concrete pen fill with what be leave of burn garbage . in the middle of the garbage be a char and_ rip red velvet sofa that someone have throw out . lying on the sofa we see what seem to be a pair of naked lover intertwined . they do not move . they white skin gleam in the hot sun . tony begin to move slowly towards the lover and lower himself to he knee in front of they . the two of they look small . like child . White and naked in the bright daylight . Bobby lift the girl 's head gently in he hand . tony see she face from the side , she long red hair tangle in the blood across she mouth . tony be in shock and can not speak . Bobby lower India 's head carefully back onto the arm of the sofa and climb over slowly to the other side . he push the other body back gently by the shoulder . tony stare at the dark red hair . he see Laura 's mouth open like she be cry out , she cheek and eye contort with pain . Bobby ande hold she head up for he to see . her small gold cross dangle from she neck and catch the sun . bobby be this you wife ? tony be she all right ? the woman 's face be white . the eye fix . Bobby do not answer . 4l 42 43 49 , int . morrow residence - susan 's bedroom . morning -- 41 continuous . Susan gasp as she continue to fondle the gold cross around she neck . she close the book . her breathe be rapid and she slowly collect herself . Susan pick up the phone on she night table and dial . int . boarding school dorm room , ojai california . morning 42 -- continuous . samantha morrow , 16 , pale white skin and long red hair be lie naked on a bed . the white arm of a boy be drape across she . they be still . Sam 's phone ring and she turn to answer it . SAM Mom ? be that you ? be everything all right ? int . morrow residence - susan's bedroom . morning -- 43 continuous . susan I be fine . I just want to hear you voice . I miss you . a rustling sound as Sam drop the phone and then pick it up again . we hear movement in the background and a muffle whisper . SAM you wake I up . I be still in bed . it 's Sunday morning mom . can I call you later ? susan yeah . I be sorry sweetheart . go back to sleep . SAM you sound weird . be you okay ? susan I be fine . it 's nothing . go back to bed sweetheart . ( pause ) I love you . 44 50 . SAM yeah . I too . i’1l call you later . Susan hang up . she stare ahead but can only see the image of tony kneel in front of the body on the sofa . she close she eye . flashback - ext . 5 th avenue , new york . november 1996 -- 44 evening . Susan at 22 be come out of the door of bergdorf 's and turn to walk uptown . there be a young man linger in the next doorway watch she . he step out just ahead of she and walk in the same direction she be walk . he walk slower than she do and they be now only a few foot apart . she realize that she know he , or think she know he . she quicken she pace . susan Edward ? Edward ! Edward turn around . he be handsome , beautiful in a boyish way . it be strike how much Edward look like tony from '' nocturnal animal '' although he have lighter hair , be young and clean shaven . it be beginning to snow and start to get dark . edward Susan ! God it 's good to see someone I know . he look she up and down . edward ( cont 'd ) you look beautiful . as always . they kiss on the cheek . as they do , Edward pull she close . we see he breathe in deeply and close he eye . susan what be you do in New York ? edward I be here for a scholarship interview at Columbia . 45 51 . susan Columbia ? I think that you be at the University of Texas , become a great writer . edward I be . become a great writer ? I do not know . be you still at Yale become a great artist ? susan Columbia graduate school . Art History . they look silently at each other for a moment . susan ( cont ’d ) do you know anyone here ? edward just you . susan would you like to have dinner ? edward absolutely . susan walk I home and I ’11l drop this off . Edward take she shopping bag . susan ( cont ’d ) thank you . I miss Texas man . flashback - int . mr. chow restaurant , new york . later that 45 evening . Susan and Edward be finish with dinner and be have drink . it be clear that they have already have a few as the atmosphere between they be warm and intimate . edward you know , you be my first crush when we be at hastings . I really only spend so much time with you brother to be around you . 52 . susan and you be he first crush . edward what ? I have no idea Cooper be gay . susan I do not think he do either . then . but he be obsessed with you . if I have not catch you look at I all the time I would have think the two of you be sleep together . edward I feel terrible that I have not speak to he in a few year . I have not be a very good friend . I hope that I do not hurt he . susan you be good you know . most guy would be freak out to find out that they best friend have be in love with they . call he , he have like that . my parent have basically disown he . they do not really speak anymore . edward why ? susan be you kid ? you know my parent . Religious , conservative , sexist , racist , materialistic , Republican , narcissistic . edward what do you really think Susan ? susan it 's true . they be pretty narrow . they look at we as just a extension of themselves . they can not accept Cooper for who he be . I be not sure how I will fare . 53 . edward be not you be a little hard on they ? susan no . I do not think so . they have a pretty antiquated idea about how I be suppose to live my life . my mother especially . edward I have always love you mother . she be great with I when my father die . Edward look at she . edward ( cont 'd ) you both have the same kind of sadness in you eye . susan what ? edward you and you mother . susan what a weird thing to say . edward I be sorry . I hope that do not offend you . but she have always seem sad to I . she have sad eye . I have think that since I be a little boy . you have the same eye . they be beautiful . susan please do not say that . I do not want to be like my mother . edward I always envied you family . I feel like a complete imposter at school . susan I think I be the only one that feel that way . 54 . edward you ? susan I try so hard to seem perfect . edward and you do not feel that way ? susan no. Edward look at she . he smile . edward but that 's exactly what make you so perfect . susan you will definitely make a great novelist . you have create a completely fictitious character in you head . edward no . I do not believe that . he look into she eye . edward ( cont 'd ) why do you give up on become a artist ? susan I be too cynical to be a artist . I think to be good , you have to create from some sort of place inside that I be not sure that I have . edward you really underestimate yourself you know . Susan stare directly into Edward 's eye . susan would you come home with I ? 46 55 . edward wow . that 's be a bit forward . not what I have expect from a Texas debutante . susan you know debutante be all slut . ( pause ) and you know , you be my first crush too . Edward smile at this . edward I know . she smile at he . he smile back . Edward 's face slowly morph into that of tony 's as we flashback dissolves . end flashback int . police station , west TEXAS . later that day . 46 as Edward 's smile fade in we flashback , tony 's stunne face become clear as he sit alone in the glass room . Bobby ande walk into the room . ande we get a report from ozona . someone else harass on the highway last night just like you . Bobby hesitates . he put he hand on tony 's shoulder . ande ( cont ’d ) if you do not mind , we ’1ll need you finger print . tony mine ? ande no offense , it 's just that we find some print on the trunk of you car . 56 . Bobby pause . ande ( cont ’d ) there 's something else . tony yes ? ande we get a cause of death . tony slump in he chair . ande ( cont ’d ) you wife have a fracture skull . she appear to have be strike with a hammer , or baseball bat . only once or twice . you daughter have a harder time . she be suffocate . he wait for tony to take this in . ande ( cont ’d ) she also have a break arm . he watch tony . he pause . ande ( cont ’d ) and they have both be rape . tony stare blankly ahead . bobby you be also right about that trailer . tony how ? ande I mean you friend take you folk there just like you think . tony how do you know that ? 47 48 57 . ande we find you wife 's finger print on the bed post . tony whose trailer be it ? ande he 's clear . guy who life in El paso . the place have be break into . someone 's be live in it . we get other print too in the trailer . we will have to check they against the owner 's and see if we can separate they out . but I be hopeful . the owner have not be there since last fall . ( pause ) it look promise . tony look up at ande . tony promise ? int . morrow residence - susan 's bedroom . night -- later . 47 Susan lie in she bed deep in think . flashback - int . highland park grill room , dallas TEXAS . 48 1996 -- evening . Susan and she mother , anne sutton , 48 , be have dinner . the atmosphere at the table be tense . anne why do not you tell I this before ? Susan 's mother sit quietly fume . she speak calmly but there be a edge to she voice . anne ( cont 'd ) you be actually go to leave New York and move to Austin to go to the god damned University of Texas ? I think you love Columbia . ( more ) 58 . anne ( cont 'd ) what happen to they '' great art history department '' ? she pause a moment . Susan , why be you do this ? I mean , where be this go to go ? susan what do you mean where be it go to go ? I be go to marry Edward . that 's where it 's go to go . anne this be a ridiculous conversation . you be too young to get marry . susan oh really ? do not you try to convince I just last summer that I should marry bass ? anne that be different . bass be you equal . susan oh my god , do you just say that ? you really just say that ? that come out of you mouth ? anne why do you always think the worst of I ? that be not what I mean . what I mean be that you be very , very strong will and as sweet as he be , Edward be just too weak for you . susan weak be not the word I would use to describe Edward . sensitive be the word I would use and that 's certainly not a word that I could ever use to describe anyone in this family , except maybe cooper. 59 . anne do not bring Cooper into this . come on Susan . you may not think that we care about the same thing but you be wrong . in a few year , all this '' bourgeois '' thing as you so like to call they will become very important to you . Edward will not be able to give they to you . he have no money . he 's not drive . he 's not ambitious . and if you marry Edward , I can promise you that you father be not go to give they to you either . susan no , he 's not drive in the way that you want he to be , but you be wrong . he 's strong . stronger than I be in a lot of way . he just have a different kind of strength . anne a different kind of strength ? and what kind of strength be that ? susan the strength to believe in himself . to believe in I . Anne collect herself and lean into the table . anne Susan , keep see he if you have to . live with he . I do not care , but do not marry he . I understand what you see in Edward . I get it . Susan start to turn she head away anne ( cont 'd ) no wait . I do . he 's the opposite of you father . he 's a romantic , but he 's also very fragile . I see that when he father die . susan when do you become so compassionate and understanding . 49 60 . Anne glare at she . anne do not do this . you ’1ll regret it and you will only hurt Edward in the end . what you love about he now , you will hate about he in a few year . you may not realize it but you and I be a lot more alike than you think . Anne spot a piece of lint on Susan 's sweater . she reach forward and pull it off . Susan watch she mother do this and recoil slightly . susan you be wrong . you and I be nothing alike . anne really ? just wait . we all eventually turn into we mother . Anne turn away from Susan and take a sip of she martini . end flashback . int . morrow residence - susan 's bedroom . night . 49 Susan be sit on the small sofa in she room , stare out into the LA night . she flick open she computer , look at the note from Edward and type in the e-mail address . she rapidly type out a note to he but then delete it and start again . after a bit of deliberation she write : dear Edward , I be read you book . it 's devastating . I be deeply move . it be beautifully write . I would love to meet on Tuesday evening . let I know if you be still free . much to say . Love , Susan she press '' send '' and then snap the computer close . 50 51 61 . int . hasting residence - tony's study , houston TEXAS . 50 evening . tony be on he computer . he be wear a pair of boxer short and a old tee shirt . there be a bottle of Jack Daniels and a glass next to he . he look rough . he check he e-mail . there be one from Bobby ande . tony open the attachment and take a deep breath . he look at a photo of a clean shaven man . tony look carefully . cover the bottom half of the face with a piece of paper . cover the top half with a piece of paper . tony sit at he desk with he head in he hand . his cell phone ring . he look at the number . he do not recognize it . he answer . tony yes ? ext . ande camp , west TEXAS . evening -- continuous . 51 ande tony hastings ? tony yes . who be this ? ande Roberto ande . I just send you a e- mail . do you get it ? tony yes . I do . ande well , do you recognize the guy ? tony no . ande shit. God damned it . you sure ? 52 53 we see tony 's imagined version of the rape . brutal . he daughter 's scream be piercing . turk look straight toward he and smile . int . hasting residence - tony's study , houston TEXAS . evening -- continuous tony it 's like the whole thing be a blur . ande this guy 's finger print be on you car . they be also find at the trailer . his name be Steve Adams . he have a record in California , a steal car with a acquittal on a rape charge . we have put out a a.p.b. for he . he be we only lead right now . no one have respond to we call for witness . be you sure you do not recognize he ? tony no . ande fuck . what 's wrong with you man ! do not you want this guy put away ? tony of course I do ! it 's all just a blank . 62 . 52 CUT to black . tony sit up in a sweat . int . hasting residence - tony 's bedroom . later that night 53 tony lie in bed asleep , dream . he be toss about and be clearly in distress . it be violent . CUT to black . 54 55 56 63 . ext . countryside , houston TEXAS . winter . dawn . 54 a bleak hillside . Brown grass and bare tree as tony appear over the hill in he run clothes . he have on a light jacket and long tight run pants . he be clean shaven . he look thin . it be remarkable how he now look almost exactly like Edward . Dark circle ring he eye and a certain dead quality be evident in he expression . tony v.o . I know it be he ! ande v.o. well , that may be but nobody 's see he around here lately . now listen , I have get to be honest with you . right now it 's not look good . sometimes this case go for month or even year without a break . you need to prepare yourself for that . tony stop run and catch he breath . CUT to black . int . hasting residence - tony 's bathroom . evening . 55 tony stand still in the shower . just let the hot water run over he . int . morrow residence - susan 's bathroom . evening . 56 Susan be in the shower lean against the wall , just let the water run over she face and body . she be deep in think . CUT away shot of tony . lying in bed . drinking . holding he head between he hand . no SOUND . Susan hold herself tightly while the shower steam up and the water wash over she . susan v.o . why be you so drive to write ? edward v.o. I guess it 's a way of keep thing alive . ( more ) 57 58 64 . edward v.o. ( cont 'd ) save thing that will eventually die . if I write it down , then it will last forever . Susan stand still and stare straight ahead , deep in think . CUT to black . ext . countryside , west TEXAS . day . 57 shot of the sunrise in the desert . the hot landscape nearing noon , and the afternoon landscape as the wind start to howl . ext . police station , west TEXAS . day . 58 Bobby ande be stand outside on the curb smoking . he be thin and he complexion be sallow . tony walk towards he and the two man shake hand . ande you look different . tony no beard . thinner . you look different too . ande yeah . he take a drag off of he cigarette . ande ( cont ’d ) I 'il tell you what we have get . we have a attempt hold up of a supermarket in the mall just before close time . we catch one fella and one get kill but one get away . tony what do you want I to do ? 59 65 . ande see if you recognize the fella we catch . you might also take a look at the dead one too , although it be not really necessary . we know who he be . tony who ? ande Steve Adams , the one that you call '' Turk '' and that I e-mail you about last year . ande take another long drag from he cigarette and gesture towards the door . ande ( cont ’d ) come on in . he flick he cigarette onto the pavement and turn to lead tony into the station . int . police station , west TEXAS . day -- continuous . 59 tony follow ande down the hall . we pass a bathroom with a open door and a prisoner handcuff to the sink . tony and ande be now in the same glass room that tony sit in before . ande be you afraid of look this fella in the eye ? lettin they see you ? tony no. ande good . I think it might help this fella talk . he nod at the officer by the door . four man be send in . tony stare at one of the man . the man 's eye pass over tony without recognition . tony turn to Bobby ande . 66 . tony yes . ( he whisper ) ande yes . yes what ? tony that 's he . the one on the leave . tony ( cont 'd ) that 's Lou . the one who make I drive into the brush and leave I there . ande motion to the officer at the door to lead the other out . he nod at Lou to stay back . Lou begin to sweat . ande this fella ? he do not seem to understand . Lou , hey you . be you name Lou ? lou you know my name . I tell you . what 's go on ? ande you ever see this man before , Lou ? think carefully . you ever see he ? Lou be stare at tony . lou no . I do not know he . who be he ? ande tell he tony , tell he who he be . tony last summer , this man Lou and he friend force we off the road on the interstate . then two of they force they way into my car with my wife and daughter and then this man — ande this man here ? Lou ? 67 . tony yes . Lou make I drive he car and take I into the desert where he make I get out . later my wife and daughter be find dead at the same place . ande now lean up against the wall and get he face very close to Lou 's . ande what do you say to that , Lou ? what do you know about this man 's wife and daughter ? Lou look afraid . lou I do not know what you be talk about . I never see he in my life . ande what do you know about Ray and Turk ? lou who ? ande who ? what be you a owl ? be you a owl Lou ? lou I never hear of they . ande you never hear of they ? lou no sir . ande lean back against the wall and stare intently at Lou . Lou begin to tremble . ande Officer , you can take he out . a officer lead Lou out . tony , relieved , sit down . 68 . ande ( cont ’d ) be you sure this be the man ? tony absolutely . yes . ande would you swear it in a court of law under penalty of perjury ? tony yes . ande good . we have get Lou now . we will charge he with murder . tony you have enough evidence ? ande oh you bet . we get you and he print on both the car and the trailer . tony then he go back to the trailer after leave I ? ande look like it . probably he go back and tell they where he leave you , and that 's why they go back with the body . they be go to kill you . I be betting you friend Ray be the third guy in the holdup . tony now what ? ande you 'il have to come back for the trial . meanwhile , I be gonna find Ray . 60 69 . int . morrow gallery - susan's office . next morning . 60 Susan be sit at she desk go through e-mail . Susan 's assistant alex , 26 , tall and stun enter the room . alex do not forget you have a board meeting at the museum this afternoon at 3:00 . Susan be distract . Alex sit susan what do you say ? alex you do not sleep again do you ? down . susan you know I . I never sleep . my ex husband use to call I a '' nocturnal animal '' . alex you ex husband ? what ex husband ? I do not know that you have a ex husband . since when ? susan when I be in graduate school . it be only for a couple of year . it 's weird , I have be think about he a lot lately and then a few day ago he send I a book he 's write . it 's violent and it 's sad . he call it '' nocturnal animal '' and dedicated it to I . alex do you love he ? susan yes . I love he . he be a writer . I do not have faith in he . I panicked and I do something horrible to he . something unforgivable . really . 61 70 . alex you leave he ? susan I leave he . in a brutal way , for the handsome and dash hutton . alex who be indeed very handsome and dash . susan yes . do you ever feel like you life have turn into something that you never intend ? she look at she and pause a moment . susan ( cont ’d ) no . of course you do not . you just start live you life . she look closely at Susan . alex you really do not get any sleep do you ? susan no. int . museum exhibition space , los angele . that afternoon . 61 we screen be fill with the image of a damien hirst calf float in formaldehyde . the calf have be shot with arrow . we camera pull back and we see that Susan be stand stare quietly at the sculpture . the space be gigantic and white . a show be be install . there be graphic abstract painting on the wall . as Susan turn to walk away , a painting catch she eye and she stop dead in she track . it be a large black and white painting that say revenge . sage ross , 38 , walk over to Susan . she be the museum 's director and be tense and tight in she manner . she be dress in a absurd '' conceptual '' top and flat man 's shoe . 71 . susan where do this come from ? sage what do you mean where do it come from ? you buy it for we . do not you remember . it be part of the series we show about 8 year ago . great be not it ? susan yes . Sage be hold a phone with a black and white image on the screen and the loud sound of breathe come from it . susan ( cont 'd ) what be that ? sage oh my god , it be so cool . it be a app that let 's I watch Willow while she be sleep in she crib ! susan really ? do you not trust you nanny ? sage no , I do , but I hate she . and I like to be more involved with Willow during the day . here , look . there she be in she crib . the sound be amazing . I can hear she breathe and even talk to she if I want to . Sage hand the phone to Susan , who stare at the black and white image of the little girl in she crib . as she watch she see someone move behind the crib , and then for a quick second she see Ray look directly into the camera . Susan gasp and drop the phone to the ground , shatter the screen . susan oh my god , I be so sorry . 62 63 72 . sage be you okay ? susan I think I see someone . sage of course you see someone . it 's Willow . she 's asleep in she crib . Sage bend down to the floor and pick up the phone . it be still work and the little girl be sleep peacefully in she crib . susan I be sorry about the screen . sage it 's all right , the new one come out next week . Susan be still shake . sage ( cont 'd ) shall we ? everyone be wait in the conference room . int . museum conference room . afternoon -- minute later . 62 we be view the scene from behind glass . a group of people sit around a table . they be talk and look over financial statement . Susan stare into space . she sit at the head of the table . she be deep in think . close - up shot of tony / edward . we can't tell which . he be lying in bed distraught . we be intimate with he and can almost feel he breathe . int . museum conference room . afternoon -- continuous . 63 we camera move into the room . sage anyway , I think we have to cut she loose . she 's not what she sell herself as when we hire she . 73. another member of the group linda addison , 50 speak up . her breast be oddly oversize and squeeze into a tiny top . linda I disagree . I think we should keep she for now . sage why ? linda because she 's great . because we all like she . she just need we support . and a bit of time . samantha van helsing , 45 , interrupt Linda . her face fill we screen . she be stretch and pull to the extreme . her lip be swollen and she general appearance be close to that of a burn victim . samantha but it 's not work . we need to fire she . there 's a awesome candidate that we could steal from the Hammer if we move fast . Susan be all of a sudden alert . susan I agree with Linda . we hire she and we need to support she . the room be surprised by Susan 's response . Susan look at samantha . she be take a back and look at she almost as though she have never see she before . susan ( cont ’d ) New doctor ? samantha glare at she . samantha no. New haircut . sage but Susan , you be the one who bring this up last week . you want to make a change . 64 65 74 . susan well , now I think we should keep she . she look at samantha 's swollen lip . susan ( cont ’d ) sometimes maybe it 's not a good idea to change thing quite so much . int . morrow residence , los angele . that evening . 64 Susan walk into the house . Dead silence . she place she bag in the entry hall . she stare out at the lawn . it be dusk and the city light be just become visible through the mist . the large plinth that hold the koons be now empty and the lawn clean up . she walk through the live room which be now immaculate but bare . Susan pour herself a drink . the white calder move in the breeze from the air conditioner . Susan be alone . she walk to the window with she drink in she hand and stare out across the light of Los Angeles . ext . deserted road , west TEXAS . afternoon . 65 Bobby and tony stand outside of tony 's car on a dirt road . Bobby be smoking a cigarette . he look draw and gaunt . his eye be bloodshot and he skin be grey . tony I do not get it . why be we here ? ande shit . ande begin to cough , place he hand over he mouth and then buckle over for a moment . tony be you okay ? ande yeah . I be fine . follow I . 66 75 . ext . ray 's mobile home . afternoon -- continuous . 66 the two man walk through the scruffy tree until they can see a mobile home and a old wooden deck about a hundred foot away . Ray be sit on a toilet that have be install outside on the deck . there be a beer beside he . he be shirtless , he pants be down around he ankle and he be on a cordless phone smoking a cigarette . ande his name be Ray Marcus and someone name he as a frequent companion of Lou bate and Steve Adams . tony stare harder . clearly agitate . ande ( cont ’d ) part time electrician . part time plumber hence the clever toilet facility . not a bad match to both you description and the fella in the holdup . no fingerprint but we know that before . tony I wonder why there be not any finger print . ande his hand be probably on you wife . tony wince . ande ( cont ’d ) his record be clean except for a rape charge that be drop . I get out of the barman at a place call '' line Camp bar '' that he life here with a girl call leila and that he keep another place to pick up woman that she do not know about . probably you murder trailer before it get notorious . do he look like he could be the guy ? 76 . tony yeah . that 's he . ande good . let 's go talk to he . ande walk out of the brush . ande ( cont 'd ) hey , Ray . Ray look at he . ray what the fuck man ! who the hell be you . get off my property . Ray speak into the phone and then hang up . ray ( cont 'd ) I 'il call you back . ande I want to ask you some question . ray fuck you . I be occupy at the moment . Bobby ande hold up a plastic case with a badge in the window . his other hand be in he jacket . Ray squint . ray ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? ande a few question , that 's all . we need you to come with we . ray what for ? I be not do nothin . ande do not say you do . ray ask I here . 67 77 . ande naw . we need you to take a little drive with we . finish what you be doin and let 's go . ray you mind turnin around ? ande believe I I wish I could but I just can not do that . ande toss Ray 's shirt to he from the back of a chair . ande ( cont ’d ) come on . get dress . int . tony 's car , west TEXAS . afternoon -- minute later . 67 ande be in the back seat with Ray . tony be in the driver 's seat . ande direct tony where to drive . ray hey , be you question I ? ande why yes , that 's what we be do be not it ? ray you be not read I my rights . ande you know you rights , Ray . ray you be suppose to read ‘um to I . ande I read you you rights , do not I tony ? tony be stunne at be bring into the game of cat and mouse . ray this be not legal man . I be suppose to have a lawyer . 78 . ande calm down sunshine . this be just informal question . that 's all . you be help I out . I have not charge you with anything yet . if you want a lawyer we will have to take you in and charge you with something . Ray look out the window . ray aw come on man , you do not need to take I in . I be answer question , be not I ? ande well I do not know . seem like I do not know no more about that holdup than I know before . tell you what . there 's somthin else I would like to ask you about . you recognize this car ? ray what car ? ande bang he fist against the headliner of the car . ande this car . the one we be in . tony take a deep breath . close he eye for a second . ray this car ? why should I recognize this fuck car ? ande it be not familiar to you ? it do not remind you of nothin ? take you back ? ray no man . why should it ? it may be take I somewhere but damned if I know where . ande you do not remember drive it ? ray what be this ? ande how about the driver ? tony 's heart begin to pound . ray what ? ande the guy drive . my friend tony here . you remember he ? ray I can not see he . make he turn around . ande stop the car , tony . 79 . tony slow and stop on the dusty road . he feel the heavy thumping of he heart . ande ( cont ’d ) turn around and look at this piece of shit . ray who be this guy ? ande you do not remember he ? ray can not say I do . ande you remember he , tony ? tony yes. 80 . ande refresh he memory . tony last summer on the interstate . Ray look at he , stare . wait . ande tell he what you remember he do . tony look directly at Ray . tony you kill my wife and my daughter . his voice be tremble . Ray 's eye enlarge . ray you be crazy man . I never kill nobody . ande tell he the whole thing . tony you and you buddy on the interstate . you force we off the road . his voice be quivering and he eye be fill with water . ande tell he who he buddy be . tony Lou and Turk . ande remember that Ray ? remember horsing around on the interstate ? , play chicken with other car ? Ray 's voice be very soft . ray you be crazy man . that 's crazy . 81 . tony you make we stop and we have a flat tire . Lou and Turk fix it . then you and Turk get into my car with my wife and daughter and force I into you car with Lou . ande what then tony ? tony Lou take I out into the brush and kick I out . then you come back in my car . you call I and try to lure I into a trap . you go to where Lou have leave I . ande what do you go back there for Ray ? ray you be fuck crazy man . ande tell he what we find there tony . tony you tell he . ande do I need to ? do not you know Ray ? ray you be crazy man . I do not know what the hell you be talk about . tony the body of my wife and child , which you take back there and dumped . a slight smile on Ray 's face . almost imperceptible . tony ( cont 'd ) you be the one . I know you . while this conversation have be go on , ande have slip the gun out of he pocket and be hold it in he lap point toward ray. 82 . ande whaddaya say Ray ? ray you be crazy man . ande point the gun at Ray . ray ( cont 'd ) you be make a big mistake man . ande I do not think so Ray . put you arm out slowly . ande slap a pair of hand cuff around Ray 's wrist . ray you be not get no right . ande speak of rights , I want you to know that I be recording this conversation . he hold up a small recorder . ande ( cont ’d ) there . all clear ? ray great . ande we be go back to a place you may remember . you can help by tell I about it . if you do not remember , tony do . he look towards tony . tony pull back onto the dirt road . ray I be sorry you lose you folk man , it 's a shame . but I do not have nothing to do with it . they pass the old adobe church . they drive until the trailer be in sight just ahead . tony stop the car in the turnout . 68 83. ray ( cont 'd ) what 's this place ? tony you know this place . Ray look at tony with a deep long stare . ray honest to God , I do not . Ray have a slight smile on he face as tony turn and stare at he . ande wanna get out tony ? ande open he door . ande ( cont ’d ) Care to look inside Ray ? ray what for ? ande let 's just take a look . they get out of the car . tony lag behind . int . trailer , west TEXAS . afternoon -- continuous . 68 Bobby ande kick the door open and shove Ray inside . the wall be blank and weathered . there be a small stove and fire tool by the door and a bed with metal bedpost and a trash box full of old newspaper . ande raped they on the bed I presume . ray I never rape nobody . ande come on Ray , we get you record . we know about that girl in lubbock . 69 70 84 . ray fuck that . the charge be drop man . I be not never rape nobody . tony stand in front of Ray next to the bed . tony I want to know Ray , the exact story of what you do to they . ray you 'il have to ask somebody else man . tony I want to know what they say . I want to know what my wife say and what my daughter say . tony stare at Ray in silence . tony ( cont 'd ) I want to know how you kill they . I want to know if they know what be happen to they . I want to know if they hurt . I want to know what they feel . answer I , you fuck bastard ! shot of Ray 's eye , he tooth . a slight grin through the fear . a condescension . tony pull he arm back and before he know it , with all he might punch Ray in the face . int . morrow residence - livingroom . night . 69 Susan be startle away from the book by the sound of the fire flaring up in the fireplace . she be lie on the sofa read and look up and stare at the flame . flashback - int . edward and susan 's apartment , austin 1997 70 -- night . a white brick fireplace hold a die fire . Susan be lie on a red velvet sofa read loose print page . she be concentrate . edward be it better ? Susan look up slowly . she sigh . susan you will take this the wrong way but I think that you need to stop write about yourself . edward but no one ever write about anything but themselves . Edward look down at the ground . susan I know . but I do not know what else to say . my mind start to wander while I be read which be not a good thing . Edward be clearly devastate . edward maybe I need a break from it . susan maybe you do . edward I do not know what to do . maybe I do not have a book in I . susan get some space from it . edward please do not start that again . it make I feel like you do not believe in I . susan I do not say that . edward no , but you face say it . you little '' sigh '' say it . the way you keep tell I that I should go back to school say it . 85 . 86 . susan I do think you should go back to school . I think you need to be realistic . I mean come on , you be really smart . a part time job ina book store and write a novel be a romantic idea but be this really we life ? be this what it 's go to be ? for how long ? edward you sound just like you mother . susan well , you always say I be so like she . that 's why I hate read you work . you always get so fuck defensive about it . edward of course I be defensive . do you know what it 's like to put yourself out on a limb creatively and then to have someone you love read what you have write and not understand it ? susan no , I do not because I be not creative , Edward . edward that 's because you have choose not to be ! she glare at he . edward ( cont ’d ) I do not want to fight . I be tired and I be edgy and I have be write all night . I just want you to like it . end flashback . 71 int . morrow residence - live room . night -- continuous . 71 the book slide from Susan 's lap to the ground . she sit up and collect herself . she bend down to pick the book up . 72 73 87 . flashback - int . graduate art history CLASS , university of 72 TEXAS at austin . 1997 -- day . Susan 's book fall to the ground . she bend to pick it up as she sit in the back of a class listen to a professor . the sound of a slide projector click over and over . the light from the screen flash on Susan 's face . we be aware of someone stare at she . she become aware of it too and turn to see hutton at 24 , very clean cut and preppy stare at she . they eye lock for a moment but she quickly look away . he keep stare . end flashback ext . ande 's camp , west TEXAS . day . 73 Bobby be lean against he truck in the hot mid day sun talk on the phone to tony . ande I have get some news you will not like . they be let Ray Marcus go . tony what ! what do you mean they be let he go ? ande the da say there be not enough hard evidence and that the evidence that there be , be circumstantial . he need corroboration . tony be silent . ande ( cont ’d ) I be real sorry tony . it 's a god damned shame . at least you get to lay a good belt on he . tony no , that 's not enough . what else can we do ? ande take a deep drag from he cigarette . 74 88. ande I nil think of something . get here as fast as you can . he will not stick around long . tony I 'il leave now . int . diner , west TEXAS . early evening . 74 tony and ande sit in a booth by the window directly opposite where they car be park . they dinner be on they plate . tony what ? ande I tell you . I have get lung cancer . it 's metastasize . tony but you smoke all the time . ande yep . that 's how it work . what 's the point of quit now ? I will be dead in a year . tony look at ande . ande ( cont ’d ) it 's this fella call Jenks . he 's the lawyer that the court appoint . smart ass from Dallas . he and the da make a deal and Ray get off . Politics . tony when do you tell I that you be sick ? ande they want to push I out . they have someone else they want to put in the job . 89 . tony I do not understand what you be talk about . would they drop a murder case to do that ? ande give they the reason . they say the case be not well prepare , be a sloppy job , slapdash , no evidence , evidence gather improperly , will not stand up in court . the da be too much of a chicken shit to take on a case that he might loose . tony mull this over . ande ( cont ’d ) they be not drop Lou . tony it 's no fuck good if they do not get Ray . ande good . that 's what I be hope you would say . they think it 's time I retire and enjoy the benefit of my cancer somewhere else . fuck that . tony you never tell I about the cancer . do you have a family ? ande the problem with Ray be he alibi . tony stop it . do you have anyone in you life ? ande no . no wife . I have a daughter in Corpus . tony have she be a help ? 90 . ande she do not know . what can she do about it ? tony look at Bobby for a moment and Bobby look he in the eye , then turn back to he plate . ande ( cont ’d ) anyway Ray claim that he be with leila whatever she name be and she back he up , and she aunt back she up . tony so what be we go to do ? he look at tony for a long time which make tony nervous . ande it 's a question of how serious you be about see justice do . you get I ? Bobby can not eat he food . ande ( cont ’d ) can not eat . might throw up . tony how do you get along if you can not eat ? ande it depend . sometimes I can eat , sometimes I can not . this place suck . tony I need you to eat something . Bobby take a breath and try to keep he food down . ande let I ask you a personal question . between we , okay ? what do you want I to do with Ray Marcus . tony what can you do to he ? 75 76 91 . ande anything you god damn like . tony I think you say - ande cough . ande look , I have get nothin to loose , and I can not let this ass-hole da fuck up my last case . I also can not stand by and watch a murderer go free . I have watch too many sick fuck like Ray Marcus get off over the year . be you willing to go outside of strict procedure on this ? tony yes . ande 's cell phone ring . he answer . ande Ray be at '' line Camp '' . I be go to let that little idiot get nice and liquore up and then I be go to go grab he ass and take he out to my camp . I want you to come too . I want to keep he with we a while . work he over a bit . get a little rough , make he suffer a little . see what he do . would you like that ? tony yes. int . morrow residence - susan 's bedroom . night . 75 Susan look up from the book and lean she head back in think . flashback - ext . STREET , austin TEXAS , 1997 . night . 76 Edward and Susan be walk down the street . they be argue . she look 92 . susan Edward , you have to realize this be not work . we be not right for each other , I wish we be , but we be just not . edward what do you mean , we be not right for each other ? we be perfect for each other . susan no Edward . we be not . we might be perfect for each other if we do not live in the real world . I need a life that be more structure and I need a future that be more structure . I want to be the person that you want I to be but I just can not . edward but you be , you be . just stop . susan I really want to be this person that you think I be . I really do , but I be just not that person . I just do not have you kind of faith in thing . I be cynical , I be pragmatic . I be a realist . edward no , you be just afraid . we have be through this so many time . susan no , I be not scared Edward . I be unhappy . I be just really , really unhappy . at he . Edward be shake . susan ( cont ’d ) we be different and we want different thing . ( more ) 93 . susan ( cont ’d ) you be wonderful and romantic , and sweet and sensitive , and all the thing I be not . life for you be a kind of a dream . edward weak . I be weak . that 's what you want to say . go ahead and say it . you have say it before . weak . susan I do not say that you be weak ! I say sensitive , and romantic . edward do you still love I ? susan that be not the point . he turn and hold she by the shoulder . edward it be the point . you do not answer I . susan yes . I love you . edward well when you love someone you work thing out . you do not just throw it away . you have to be careful with it . you might never get it back . Edward lean in and pull she close . susan I can not do this with you any more Edward . I just can not keep do this . Susan pull away and walk off . Edward stand on the sidewalk . he shout after she . edward you can not just walk away from thing all the time Susan ! 77 78 79 94 , we linger on Edward 's face which be light by a red neon sign above a auto body shop . end flashback . ext . line camp bar , west TEXAS . night . 77 Close up on tony 's face . he be sit in he car outside of the '' line Camp bar '' the red neon sign outside of the place cast a bright light into the car and on he face . a small crowd be gather outside of the entrance . two obese woman in short sit in lawn chair drink beer . one woman have she beer between she breast and she be wear a paper crown from a fast food restaurant . after a while two man come out . Ray and ande . they talk in the glow of the sign . two policeman appear at the door . ande gesture and one of the policeman touch Ray 's shoulder . he recoil then submit as the other policeman put he in handcuffs and lead he over to the police car . Bobby ande come over to tony 's car window . ande we be go to my camp . it 's in White Creek near the trailer where they take you folk . you follow . ext . ande camp , west TEXAS . night . 78 they pull in under a cluster of mesquite tree . they all get out and tony follow they in . the cabin be a simple structure of weathered white clapboard with a front screen - in porch . int . ande camp , west TEXAS . night -- continuous . 79 they enter through the screen door . Bobby ande have a gun in he hand . Ray be handcuff . the room have a table , a cot , and a few old chair . there be a alcove with a sink and a open door to a bedroom . the policeman get into they car and pull away . ande kick Ray onto the cot . 95 . ande sit up . Ray look up at he . ande ( cont ’d ) Jesus , I feel sick . I will be right back . ande look ill . he shove the gun at tony . ande ( cont ’d ) here . use it . shoot he if he get 's out of line . we hear ande throw up . Ray laugh a bit to himself at this . Bobby come back in . ray hey man . this be not legal . if this be legal you have of take I to the station , not this fuck place . Bobby take the gun from tony and cock it . ande it 's all the legal we need boy . ande turn and spit on Ray as he walk around he to sit down . Ray wince and toss he head back in a attempt to get the spit off of he face . ray you lie to I . there be not no new evidence . why do not you take I in if you get new evidence . ande I like it better here . it 's more relaxed . Ray motion to tony . ray seem to I that you try this trick already . ( more ) 96 . ray ( cont 'd ) if you think this guy be go to break I down , you have already see that do not work . ande what would you say Ray , if you friend Lou bate implicate you in the hastings murder ? ray if Lou have do that you would have take I in . ande we will get you to the station . do not worry . just then we hear another car pull up . Light through the window . male voice . Lou come in follow by a officer with he gun . Lou look at the three man . ray Son of a bitch . Bobby gesture to Lou to sit next to Ray on the cot . ray ( cont 'd ) hey Lou . what do you tell this guy . lou I do not tell he anything . ray he say you tell he that I be the one that kill this guy 's wife and kid . lou shit man . that 's what he tell I about you . Lou look at Bobby . outrage . lou ( cont 'd ) you be suppose to be the law man . what kind of bull shit be this ? 97 . ande fuck off . you two get anything to say to each other ? he slump down . tony you okay Bobby ? ande I be think of just kill they now . you see , if I let they go , it will be rough on this poor guy , not know how it will come . the police be all around . Ray could get kill resisting arrest for example . or come home to he house late at night he could get shot by a burglar . ande taunt Ray by hold the gun near he head . Lou be pull at he handcuffs . ande ( cont ’d ) feeling uncomfortable boy ? he go over and press he gun in Lou 's neck . as he do this he pull Lou up by the shirt collar . ande ( cont ’d ) yea , you look like you be feel uncomfortable . ande press the gun harder into Lou 's neck . lou I be sorry . I be sorry . ande what 's that ? do not worry . I be not go to kill you son . I be a police man . Lou begin to break down . ande ( cont ’d ) what ? be you go to cry ? well then , since you be feel so uncomfortable ... 98 . he gesture to tony and hand he he gun . he turn Lou directly to tony . ande ( cont ’d ) come on tony . right here . here he be . while tony be hold the gun on Lou , ande unlock 's he handcuffs . ray what about I ? I might be feel uncomfortable too . ande oh yeah ? okay . come on up . i’1l undo you cuff . ande undoe Ray 's cuff . ande ( cont ’d ) there you go . free as a bird ! okay ? how about it ? he shove they towards tony who be nervously hold the gun . ande ( cont ’d ) what do you say tony ? now what should we do with this two ? he look directly at tony . ande ( cont ’d ) what be you go to do ? what be you go to do son ? come on . come on . Bobby once again buckle over in pain and rush to the back room . we hear he be sick . tony continue to hold the gun nervously . ray fuck this . let 's go Lou . lou what ? he 's get a gun . ray come on you jackass it 's time to go . 80 81 82 99 . tony try to cock the gun and block Ray from the door . in the shadow of the bedroom he see Bobby come back into the room . ande shoot he tony ! Ray move towards he as tony panic , hesitates and move aside . when Lou see this he start off too and both man head for the door . ande rush into the room and grab the gun from tony as the man rush out the door . ande follow . there be a shot . then two more . Lou lie wounded on the path and ande stand with the gun in he hand as Ray escape into the desert . transfix , ande walk over to Lou and shoot he in the head . we hear a loud pop . int . morrow house - susan 's bedroom . night -- continuous . 80 there be a loud pop on the large plate glass window . Susan be startle . as she walk over to the window she see that a bird have fly into the glass and be lie outside flap its wing . Susan stand for a moment watch as the bird die . its wing flap more and more slowly until they stop . flashback : int . travis county medical clinic , austin TEXAS 81 1997 . day . rain pound on the window . hutton help Susan on with she coat . a nurse can be see walk away from they . flashback : int . mercede coup , parking lot , travis county 82 medical clinic , austin TEXAS , 1997 . day -- minute later . it be raining . the windshield wiper be on . both hutton and Susan be wet . hutton be sit in the driver 's seat . Susan be in the passenger seat . 100 . hutton be you okay ? susan I will live to regret this . I regret it now . Susan shake she head . she be stare down at she knee . she be finger the small gold cross at she neck . susan ( cont ’d ) you know , I do not even believe in abortion . I be Catholic . hutton I be so sorry , Susan . I feel useless . susan you be anything but useless . you always seem to know exactly what to do . thank you . hutton reach across and clenches Susan 's hand . susan ( cont ’d ) I do not think I can ever look at Edward again . it would kill he to know that I have do this to he child . it 's kill I . Susan begin to cry . hutton reach across and hold she . hutton he 's never go to know about it . Susan be sobbing now and be tremble . susan what have I do ? hutton lean over and hold Susan tight as she cry . hutton it 's okay . I promise it will be okay . i’1l make it okay . as the windshield wiper flick the water off of the windshield we see that there be a man stand next to he car in the rain across the parking lot . it 's Edward . 83 101 . as Susan look up , she see Edward stare directly at she . susan oh my god no . Edward . we camera linger on Edward 's face . end flashback . ext . ande cabin , west TEXAS . night -- continuous . 83 we camera be on tony 's face as he stare down at Lou 's body . he stand still , seemingly in a trance . ande walk over to he . tony place he hand up to he face as he begin to breathe erratically . the sound come from deep within he body be guttural and animal - like as he cry out . his sobbing become hysterical . out of control . he be gasp for alr . ande tony . you know I have to shoot he . tony I do not give a god damned fuck that you shot he ! I be glad that you shot he ! I be glad that he 's dead ! I should have do it when I have the chance . I should have protect they ! I should have see it come ! I should have stop it ! I should have stop it . tony drop down onto he knee . ande kneel down and put he arm around tony who continue to sob uncontrollably . ande it 's okay , it 's okay . you be okay . tony I should have stop it Bobby ! ande look at I . you be okay . you be a good man . tony sit still and slowly catch he breath . his face be wet with tear . 84 85 102 . ande ( cont ’d ) come on . get up . we have to go . if Ray get to the road he 'il hitchhike . we need to catch he before he get a ride . when you get to the fork in the road turn leave . that go back towards where he take you folk . he might hide there although I doubt it . I suspect he 's head towards the highway . I will go that way . he hand tony a gun . ande ( cont ’d ) here . take this . I have another one in the car . tony be you in trouble for all of this ? ande I do not know . I do not give a shit . I be die , remember ? he watch ande get into he car and start it up . as tony back out he headlight rake across the body lie in the dirt . int . tony 's car , dirt road , west TEXAS . night -- later . 84 tony drive down the dark road . as he light illuminate the brush on either side of the road we see the trailer ahead . tony slow down for a moment and stare at the trailer . it be dark , unlit . after a few minute he stop the car and think . he turn off he light and back the car slowly down the road and ease it into a small clear . ext . dirt road , west TEXAS . night -- continuous . 85 tony quietly get out of the car and slowly start towards the trailer . he silently slip up the step and inside the unlock door . 86 103 . int . trailer , west TEXAS . night -- continuous . 86 in a sudden move he push the door open . there on the bed be Ray , who sit up on he elbow shocked . tony point the gun directly at he . ray Christ . you . where 's you pal ? tony he 's on he way . ray you cop friend ? tony they be around . ray be they here ? Ray sit up and look out of the window . tony flick on the light . tony just I for the moment . ray you and that fuck gun that you do not know how to use . what happen to Lou ? tony he 's dead . ray what ? that son of a bitch kill he ! that 's big trouble for you friend , you know that ? tony I do not think so . ray oh you do not think so ? and so just what do you want . you and that silly gun . I have see how handy you be with that thing . Ray stand up . tony cock the gun . 104 . tony sit the fuck down ! sit down or I will fuck kill you ! Ray be stunne by the tone of tony 's voice and back up to the bed and sit back down . ray listen man . why do a nice guy like you hang out with a guy like ande . he kill people . tony you kill people . Ray look at tony in disgust . ray they have it come to they . you fuckin wife . that kid . tony be livid . he be invigorate . ray ( cont 'd ) but you get I wrong man . it be a accident . tony Accident ! it be a accident ! ray I get a certain pride in how people talk to I and there be certain thing I do not put up with . let I tell you man , when someone accuse I of something , that 's a insult . it give I the right . if my woman accuse I of fuck somebody else , then I go fuck somebody else . if you fuck daughter think I be a rapist , then she get rape . tony be livid . tony nobody get away with what you do . nobody . ray they do not ? 105 . tony be point the gun directly at Ray and close he eye for a moment as he squeeze the handle of the gun . he be almost in a trance . tony nobody . nobody . nobody . ray so why do not you just kill I ? come on man , you do not know nothin . it 's fun to kill people . you of all people ought to try it sometime . Ray be quietly slide he hand under the pillow on the bed . he have hide a metal rod of some kind there and we see he finger slide around the handle . tony fun ! do you have fun kill my wife and daughter ! get up . it 's time for you to go . tony ( cont 'd ) go. go on . Ray survey tony and the room . he stand up slowly . one hand be hold the fire poker behind he back . Ray look tony in the face . he begin to grin . ray you wife . yeah , I remember you fuckin wife . I remember fuckin you wife , but you be too weak . to fuckin weak . you be too weak to do anything about it . tony pull the trigger and the gun go off . it miss Ray . ray ( cont 'd ) Son of a bitch ! tony pull the trigger again . Ray be hit and grab at he chest but be now move towards tony with the fire poker in he hand . he swing it towards tony 's face as we screen go dark . absolute silence . CUT to black . 87 88 89 106 . int . trailer , west TEXAS . day . 87 we sound return as we hear fly buzzing close by . we screen be black but begin to shift to a warm brown as murky daylight start to illuminate the image . tony be lie on the floor of the trailer . his head be cover in blood that have begin to crust over . as a fly crawl across he face he slowly reach up in pain to fan it away . we see that there be a bloody gash across he face . his eye be cover in dry blood and as he claw at they we realize that he have be blind . tony realize this too . he feel around and find the gun . he hold onto it and find a chair and pull himself up . Light be now pour into the room . he manage to get to he foot . as he begin to stumble around the room he walk into something . someone . it be Ray . he be dead and lie in a pool of blood . tony bend down and run he hand over Ray 's face and lift the deadweight of the arm . he still hold the fire poker in one hand . tony find he way out of the trailer . as he do he fall to the ground . ext . trailer , west TEXAS . day -- continuous . 88 he drag himself into the brush and towards the road . he struggle to reach into the air and fire the gun then drop to the ground . he try to lift the gun back up in the air in a attempt to fire it once again . as he rise to he knee he fall back to the ground and onto the gun . a loud gunshot . he have shot himself in the stomach . he be still alive but begin to loose consciousness . int . morrow residence - susan's bathroom . night . 89 Susan be in she tub . her face be completely submerge . her eye be open . she suddenly sit up and gasp for air . 90 91 92 107 . ext . trailer , west TEXAS . day -- continuous . 90 we camera slide up tony 's body to see he grasp at he neck for the small _ gold cross . a breeze cause a loud brush sound of the grass in the wind as the sound of the insect rise . the sound of tony 's heartbeat become louder and louder and overtake all other sound as we camera settles on he face . with each beat we cut back and forth from he face , to that of Susan 's as she begin to cry . the sound of tony 's cry of pain mingle with Susan 's cry . tony 's face . susan's face . tony 's face . susan 's face , until suddenly tony's heartbeat stop . int . morrow residence - susan 's bathroom . night -- 91 continuous . Susan be in tear as she grab at the gold cross around she neck . susan ( softly ) Edward . CUT to black . int . morrow residence - susan 's bedroom . night -- later . 92 the light be out . Susan be lie in bed wide awake think . her eye be still wet . her thought be interrupt by the buzz of a e-mail on she phone . she reach over to the bedside table and open the message . dear Susan , just let I know when and where . Edward . a soft smile come over Susan 's face as she quickly type out a response . 93 94 108 . int . morrow residence - susan's bathroom . next evening . 93 Susan stand in front of she bathroom mirror . she be dress to go out . she raise she face slightly and look at herself intently . she reach for a tissue and wipe the lipstick off of she mouth . she begin to put she wedding ring back on she finger but stop for a moment and look at she hand . she slip the ring back into the tray on she dress table . int . restaurant , los angele . evening -- later . 94 Susan walk into the restaurant . she look especially beautiful and somehow young . Susan follow the hostess to a table overlook the courtyard . it be dusk and the light of the city below be beginning to glisten . it be a beautiful LA night . hostess May I get you a drink while you wait ? she smile at the hostess . susan yes , thank you . scotch on the rock . Susan be seat next to a young couple who be lean in closely to each other . time pass . linger shot of Susan . her hand as she feel the finger where she wedding ring usually rest . her leg as they cross and uncross . Long shot of she sit by herself in a room full of people look back towards the entry door of the restaurant . she have finish she drink . hostess Mrs. morrow , be you all right ? May I get you another drink ? susan yes , thank you . more time pass . she finish she second drink . the couple next to she have now leave and the table be empty . 109 . Long shot of Susan sit alone in the now almost desert room . she sit still look out over the light of the city . Susan morrow stare straight ahead and into the night . the expression on she face bely she realization that Edward be not come . CUT to black .