33gu man Jeff vintar base on the novel by frederik pohl no portion of this script may be perform , reproduce , or use by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium without the prior write consent of Warner bros . warner bros . 4000 Warner boulevard second draft burbank , CA 91522 april 1996 ext --the surface of mar --day the stark landscape of Mars stretch to the horizon where orange dune and red plateaus meet pink sky . breathing . there be mechanized breathing and now the barren vista be distorted in the gently - curve mirror of a space helmet . roger torraway ignore the sweat run down he face . roger' p.o.v . the red horizon seem even more distant through Roger 's fogge helmet visor , heavy droplet of water wind they way down the inside of the protective glass momentarily clear a path . his breathing echoes . Roger 's thick boot raise a cloud of red dust as he step toward a collection of silver gleaming equipment set into the martian sand . like a crazy scientist 's tinker toy . Roger bend over the equipment . reaches out with a thick glove hand and touch a panel here . then a flap there . a distorted roger be reflected in the silver . a spaceman in a red suit against a pink sky bent out of proportion . behind Roger a jagged red outcropping rise above he and be , too , distort in the gleam metal ... and then there be something else . something on top of the jagged rock . it move fast . too fast . not like a man in a spacesuit . Roger step down the row of gleam equipment . and just behind he the distorted reflection follows . move like a animal in leap and bound across the martian terrain . Roger 's mechanized breathing continue as he walk on , stir up brief cloud of dust . a shadow dance across he back . a craze shadow that be like a man but not like a man . follow , a moment later , by a mute thump . Roger stop breathing . freezes . as if try to decide whether or not he just hear something leap down behind he from the outcropping above . Roger slowly turn . and slowly , he curve visor come into view reflect the barren red horizon , and the jag outcropping above , and then something else : something with red glowing eye and enormous bat ear rise up on either side of its head . roger' p.o.v . barely visible through he fogge helmet visor stand what must be a martian . it raise elongated limb into the air and release a shrill inhuman shriek . Roger 's eye open wide as the sweat rush down he face . Roger 's curve helmet visor reflect the alien one moment longer before the martian explode splattering fluid across the face of Roger 's helmet -- block out the view . ( continued ) continued : Roger 's breathing return , but frantic now as he stumble back clumsily inside he suit , like some medieval knight reeling from a joust , landing inside a cloud of red dust . CUT to : AIR vent in the pink martian sky . Air vent that do not seem to be there before . releasing a deafening hissing . mechanical voice pressurize Mars tank . CUT to : Roger struggle , slowly , clumsily , rise onto one knee . mechanical voice entry in three minute . Roger turn toward the distance . nothing there but the barren red horizon stretch as far as the eye can see . Inside he helmet Roger appear to come to some decision : roger don't wait for I ! the barren martian horizon suddenly move . a enormous airlock door blowing OPEN and striking the wall with a resounding dooooom as a deafening rush of AIR blows roger off he feet . like a paper doll . spin end-over-end . Roger hurl toward the distant horizon until he hit a barrier that do not seem to be there . another wall . his visor crack . loose NASA equipment hurl to the wall just miss he . stick there like metal on a magnet . Roger crash to the floor inside a cloud of artificial martian soil . he lie still a moment . then he glove finger grasp at the sand . he fight to raise he head : roger' p.0o.v. through a splintered visor : doctor and nurse in regular everyday white uniform run across Mars . a odd sight . most doctor stop at the remains of the martian but some continue , footstep run closer . the doctor and nurse reach Roger and remove he helmet . Roger just lie there , as if oblivious to they . watch : roger' p.o.v . the doctor be not move as frantically as they be a few moment earlier . the nurse step back and away to reveal a priest kneel in the red dust speak word that make no sense . no. it 's latin . the Priest make the sign of the cross as what 's leave of the martian receive the last sacrament of extreme unction ... int --excessively decorate elevator --day credit roll . roger , wear a expensive suit , ride a elevator and fiddle with he bow tie . stare straight ahead . not look at the dark - haire woman in the long gown on the other side of the cab . they be stand just far enough apart to suggest they be not acquainted . Roger frown . look up and to the center above the door . as if check the elevator 's progress . after a moment , the Dark -haire woman do the same . then they both look down and to the side . the woman gently pat at she hair . slowly , Roger exhales . this be one long elevator ride . at the ding , they both stiffen . and , without a glance or a word , they move next to one another . they clasp hand . int--excessively decorate hallway --day roger and he wife dorrie step off the elevator hold hand . start down a corridor line on either side with secret service personnel . the man be stiff . as if part of the hall . Roger and dorrie step past . smiling wide . two portable curtain be set - up at the end of the hall . one male and one female agent wait patiently for they : two agent ( in unison ) good day , Colonel . Mrs. torraway . Roger and dorrie part . each step behind they intend curtain . this curtain be only shoulder-high , allow either one to look over at the other . but neither do . Roger be frisk by the male agent as a second male agent appear hold a wand . move it over Roger . the first agent snap on surgical glove , loosen Roger 's belt , and deftly reach into he pants . Roger jerk , stare up at the ceiling . try hard to keep a smile . he turn : roger' p.o.v. behind she curtain dorrie be visible from the neck up , look irritate as a second female agent poke through she hair . the first female agent snap on surgical glove and promptly duck down out of view . dorrie look ill . then she drop down out of view , too . the second male agent pull Roger 's handkerchief from he pocket . he shake the handkerchief open and then refold it , even neater than before . Roger jerk as he pants be pull back into place , and he belt buckle for he . the second female agent lift dorrie 's hand , and study ( continued ) 4 continued : she painted nail . she immediately dip dorrie 's finger into a solution and after a fsssh she hand be lift up and out . dorrie 's fingernail polish have be dissolve . the first male and first female agent unsnap they glove and step back , look from Roger to dorrie , in tandem : two agent ( in unison ) thank you , Colonel . Mrs. torraway . two identical door at the end of the hall . one in front of Roger and one in front of dorrie . for the first time , Roger and dorrie glance at each other . like a warning . Roger open he door to reveal a black male psychiatrist . dorrie open hers to reveal a white female psychiatrist . both of they office be identical , to the last detail . the psychiatrist stand . each offer a welcoming smile . int --two identical psychiatry office -~-~-day credit end . roger step in and close the door behind he . the black male psychiatrist gesture at the chair . psychiatrist please have a seat . Roger sit . he look immediately calm . almost too calm . psychiatrist you wife be a very good - look woman . do you mind my say that ? roger not at all . psychiatrist some white people would not like to hear that from I . how do you feel about it ? roger I know my wife be sexy . other man be bound to be attract to she from time to time . psychiatrist you be do a fine job of appear - ing unmove by my question . pause . Roger do not respond . just sit there look calm , pleasant , perfectly at ease ; as if he be practice . ( continued ) continued : psychiatrist would you mind if I take it a bit further , and ask how the screw - ing be ? cur to : dorrie kliks on a portable lighter near the end of she cigarette . watch the white female psychiatrist warily . dorrie thank you for the cigarette . psychiatrist you be welcome . I have get to tell you that I find this screening to be rather pointless . dorrie oh ... I be so glad to hear you say that . I do , too . Long pause . dorrie seem calmer now , as if she have find a fellow conspirator . she look warm and friendly until : psychiatrist so then . be you fuck around on you husband ? CUT to : Roger casually cross he leg . nod a little . thinks . roger well . the " serew . " it 's about like anybody else 's , I guess , after be marry a few year . CUT to : dorrie take a drag on that cigarette . she glare icily at she psychiatrist , who stare back at she , with a grin . CUT to : Roger look calm . watch he psychiatrist watch he . psychiatrist no problem at home , then ? still like a couple of honeymooner , eh ? roger ( with a pleasant chuckle ) something like that . ( continued ) continued : cur to : dorrie watch she psychiatrist coldly . : blow out smoke . dorrie be you here to psychoanalyze , or provoke I ? psychiatrist both . be not that obvious ? Long pause . dorrie take another drag on that cigarette . dorrie ( as if defiant ) yes . I be fuck somebody else . CUT to : Roger watch a panel OPEN in the desk as a lens emerge . psychiatrist I be go to show you a series of image . after the series , I want you to tell I the first thing that come into you mind . all right ? the room darken . roger appear on the wall , a official NASA photo of astronaut Roger torraway stand in front of a phony outer space backdrop , he neck encircle by the metal collar of he spacesuit . he look fit . Young . NASA footage appear . Roger inside the space shuttle , float in Zero-G , and give a enthusiastic thumb up . the earth appear . a russian capsule float above the great blue bail . ' the image quickly replace by the grim face of a news anchor and the word " disaster in space ! " news anchor the Russian craft have lose all maneuver capability , and the cosmonaut could burn up in the outer atmosphere if -- the room be bath in star as more space footage play . Roger watch a astronaut float toward the wounded ship . fuzzier footage now of the astronaut make contact with the damage craft , almost slide past the surface before grab hold with a large hook . hanging on by one arm . his leg float out over the Earth spiraling far below . NASA footage from the interior of the space shuttle take ( continued ) continued : its place . deliriously happy cosmonauts slapping Roger on the back as they all float in front of the tv camera . news anchor ( v.o. ) .++. in the most dare space rescue in history , Roger torraway have .... news footage of Roger wave to crowd . more footage of dorrie step out she front door to rush reporter . the final image show the NASA publicity photo of Roger see earlier . but now on the cover of time . the image be on all four wall and the ceiling , and projected over today' roger sit calmly in the psychiatrist 's chair . the room immediately brightens . the lens retract . the psychiatrist clasp he hand on top of the desk . wait . psychiatrist the first word that pop to mind ? CUT to : dorrie pace now in the confine space behind she chair . dorrie you should have know Roger year ago . he use to drag I outside . every night , like a kid . we would go out and look up at the star . ( short pause ) he would try to tell I what they look like when you be up there -- with they -- and not down here . dorrie stop pace . grind she cigarette in a ashtray . dorrie of course , that be before you all decide Roger be too big a hero to risk send up on any more space mission . now we never .... dorrie trail off . as if she refuse to give any more . she cross she arm in front of she chest . just wait . CUT to : for a moment Roger almost let he expression slip . but it never quite do , and he personable smile take over : roger two word come to mind : " ancient history . " ( continued ) continued : Roger and psychiatrist Colonel , you know just what I want you to say , do not you ? roger what you want I to say ? I be sure I do not know what you mean . psychiatrist I see . be you feel violent or unstable this evening ? roger well I be not until I come in here . the psychiatrist immediately engage in a mutual forced chuckle last so long it 's almost uncomfortable . it stop abruptly . the psychiatrist open a manila file : psychiatrist of course in you case , sir , this screen be a formality . you have have quarterly check for the last twelve year , and profile within anormal range every time . let I ask : do you feel excited about meeting the President ? CUT to : dorrie frown . watch she smile psychiatrist stand . psychiatrist thank you . you be clear to go on . dorrie you know I be cheating on Roger , do not you ? be I be follow ? psychiatrist mre. torraway , I be afraid if you begin to show sign of paranoia , I will have to detain you here for a few more question . . dorrie hesitates . then turn on she heel , and leave . cuT to : Roger finally stand and look down at he psychiatrist . roger do I feel excited about meeting the President ? ( continued ) continued : Long pause . Roger seem to be consider the question . roger no . not particularly . int--excessively decorate ballroom - - day a door open . roger enter a ballroom fill with well - dressed guest and , a moment later , a second door open as dorrie step out . they move close and scan the room . dorrie ( sarcastically ) well . I be sure in the mood for a good time now . . a waiter approach with a tray of drink . Roger take two glass ; and the waiter walk off . Roger hand one to dorrie . she take a quick sip ... immediately make a face with a muffle ugh . look for a place to put it . roger that waiter be secret service , hon . they put something in the drink . to calm you down . if you do not drink it all , they will place a armed guard behind you the entire evening . dorrie look disgust . stare into she glass a moment . in unison , they down the drink , frown with the taste . male voice lady and gentleman ... a reserve presidential aide step onto a small platform : aide ( cont would ) '' +. the President of the United States . curt to : president fitz - jame deshatine smile and nod he way around a large circle form by the well - dress ballroom guest . shake every single hand as if it be he last . Roger and dorrie wait within the circle , stare straight ahead , like they be wait for a bus . after a moment , father donald kayman appear in the background , wear a cassock in light of the occasion . he seem to be look for someone . spot Roger and dorrie , the Priest step up with a quiet ahem . Roger and dorrie turn . make room . ( continued ) 10 continued : kayman ( sounding like a priest ) bless you , my child . ie oe roger . ( with good humor ) oh give it a rest , huh ? dorrie shbhhhh . here he come . the President stop in front of kayman . look he in the eye . the Priest stiffen . the presidential aide offer : aide this be Father Donald kayman , sir , we specialist in the planet Mars . President deshatine look at kayman as if he 's impressed . deshatine I would like to say that I be impressed as all hell , Father , if you will par - don the reference . kayman I will clear it with the almighty , Mr. President . deshatine when you step on Mars , you will be bigger than the Pope . be you ready to spread the Holy Word to the rest of the solar system ? kayman I be only one humble servant , sir . deshatine hmmm . well , that make two of we . they shake . the President move on . take Roger 's hand . deshatine Colonel . we have meet before , after you fine job with that Russians . that must have be ten year ago , when I be chairman of the Senate committee . my word ... have it be that long since you last mission ? roger ( ignore the question ) it 's good to see you again , sir . ( continued ) 11 continued : the President release he hand . look over at dorrie . deshatine Mrs. torraway , I hope they do not make you soak you fingernails be - fore you come in . dorrie 's face animate as the President take she hand . dorrie they certainly do , Mr. President . deshatine well , they just want to make sure you be not wear a bio-chemical poison to scratch I with when we shake hand , my dear . the President and dorrie lean closer , and giggle . as if that be funny . he smoothly segues into a " speech " mode : deshatine they tell I it 's necessary . as long as there be wackos run around . and as long as the ene - mie of democracy be what they be -- and we be the open trust people we be . dorrie watch the President move on . a bit awestruck . dorrie wow . he 's so ... presidential ! Roger look amused by she reaction . about to respond when a hand fall onto he shoulder , and dr . BRADLEY nod a hello . he 's a good - look young scientist . squeeze into line beside dorrie . he nod a hi at Father kayman . camera' p.o.v . all four in view . Father kayman lean close and whisper something to Roger . Roger nodd . whisper something back . dorrie just stand there stare straight ahead . next to she , Bradley be do the same thing . just stare straight ahead . there be sométhing here : something in the way dorrie and Bradley be determine not to acknowledge one another 's presence . camera move , pull back . Bradley look all around , casually . everywhere but at dorrie . and dorrie look all around . casually . so casual , it 's almost painful . camera pull back to reveal more and more of the other guest , mute whisper on top of whisper , a cacophony of excited muttering . dorrie and Dr. Bradley seem to be the only one in line not whisper about the President . ( continued ) 12 ccut to : the President step to a podium . take a dramatic pause . deshatine I do not have to tell any of you what the " man plus " project mean to the free world . there 's Mars up there : the only piece of real estate around worth have , apart from the one we be all live on right now . by the end of the de - cade , Mars be go to belong to someone -- and I want that someone to be we . you folk be the one who be go to make it happen , because you be go to give we the man who will live on Mars . I want to thank you , in the name of every free citizen of we great land , for make a dream possible . pause . deshatine look down a bit . as if self - efface . deshatine I be no John f. Kennedy . no sir . but I know that Mars represent a dream . a dream for the future of America , and for al ] humankind . the President look up to meet the eye of he audience : deshatine humanity will seek its destiny in outer space . we next generation will find they spirit stir not by war -- but by a new frontier . this Mars mission do not signal the end of life on Earth , but the beginning of a future where every man , woman , and child be limited only by what they can dream ! the speech be deliver well . there be no sound in the ballroom as the echo of he voice fade . everyone stare up at the podium , as if witness to a great moment . after a satisfactory pause the President look off to the side . deshatine Dr. Bradley ? if you would .... everyone turn as Dr. Bradley step onto a much smaller elevation in front of a screen . he take a remote and nod respectfully at the President . look a bit stiff . ( continued ) 13 continued : BRADLEY a man on Mars would die from lack of air , but he death would not be from strangulation . he would not live long enough to strangle . in the ten-milli-bar pressure of the surface of Mars , he blood would boil , and he would die in agony of something similar to " the bend . " his delivery improve as he get immerse in he topic : BRADLEY ( cont would ) if he survive that , he would die from a lack of air to breathe . if he survive that , from exposure to solar radiation . if he surviv - ed that , from the extreme of Mar - tian temperature . and , if he sur - vive that , he would die a slow death from thirst and from hunger . Bradley kliks the remote and , behind he , a series of schematics and diagram appear . of metallic limb . what would seem to be artificial organ . plastic and pump . BRADLEY if there be no air on Mars , then we simply need to take the lung out of human being , and replace they with new micro-miniaturized oxygen-regeneration cat-crack system . if human blood would boil , then we eliminate the blood . Father kayman listen . with a slightly disturb look . BRADLEY ( 0.8 . ) build arm and leg service by motor instead of muscle ... next to kayman be Roger . his face betray no expression . BRADLEY ( 0.8 . ) ..- and reserve a supply of blood only for the brain . if all human musculature be replace ... dorrie be stare at Bradley , most intently ; but from she expression she do not seem to be listen to the word . BRADLEY ( 0.s. ) .+. then food requirement drop , and water be no longer necessary . ( continued ) 14 continued : Bradley kliks a new set of sketches for artificial skin and detailed schematics for strange artificial eyeballs . BRADLEY we clothe the body in artificial skin to protect it from the solar radiation . and replace the eye with impervious mechanical struc - ture . Bradley hit the remote , and the image fade . he stare out over the assembly . look move by he recitation : BRADLEY if one do all of this thing to a human be , what 's leave be not precisely a human be . it be a man plus large element of hardware . President deshatine scan the crowd . subdued . serious . deshatine we lose a good man last week . a brave man . William G. hartnett . Major hartnett to some . " willy " to other . a friend to all who give they life to the conquest of space . his courage will take this program to Mars and beyond . the President seem to stand tall suddenly . to perk up . deshatine but we be not here for eulogy . camera move , pan the well - dress guest . astronaut . technician . scientist . bureaucrat . male and female . deshatine ( 0.s. ) we be here to announce the next candidate for the man plus pro - ject . he 's already risk he life for he country . and , God love he , want to do it again . some head be turn , ask mute question , receive only shrug and shaking head in response . in the middle of the crowd stand Roger , dorrie , and Father kayman . kayman and dorrie look as much in the dark as everyone else do . Roger stare ahead . without much expression . deshatine I be proud to simply say he name . ( continued ) 15 continued : Roger display no expression . dorrie 's face move from attentive to blank to confuse to stunne in second , as : deshatine ( 0.s. ) colonel roger torraway . the well - dress guest in the ballroom all turn to look at Roger . Father kayman 's mouth be hang open . dorrie turn just a bit -- and so do Bradley - - and for a moment they catch each other 's eye . the President smile wide . Roger and dorrie turn to face one another . they step into each other 's arm . the crowd shuffles back and away to give they room . Roger and dorrie move in for a kiss : dorrie . ( through a strain smile ) you might have tell you wife . Roger look into she eye . really deeply into she eye . roger be you really that surprised ? dorrie look up at he ... and simply shake she head . no. Roger and dorrie kiss clumsily , and then embrace . dorrie bury most of she face into he shoulder . Roger hold she tight as he look out over the assembly . he smile . the President of the United States start clapping with fury . the presidential aide clap , look around , as if give a silent command to clap . the grim waiter who be really secret service begin clapping , with gusto , though they expression remain grim . and , slowly , the well - dress guest begin to clap . they look generally daze . as if they be not sure what exact expression to wear . Father kayman begin to clap , he face give away he conflict emotion . but soon everyone be clapping . Roger stare past dorrie 's head rest on he shoulder . he lose he smile for a moment , until it come back even wider . the ballroom drown in the sound of clapping . int --the mar - normal tank --day roger stand in street clothes on the red surface of Mars stare at the distant horizon depict on the wall . as if lose in think . that familiar red jag outcropping rise above he . Roger be startle as he hear a thunk . he turn to see a maintenance man in a jumpsuit drop he equipment into the fake red dust . back out toward the ( continued ) 16 continued : open airlock revealing the hallway beyond . the man look like he 's see a ghost , almost stumbling as he back out : maintenance man e-excuse I , I be sorry . Roger open he mouth and begin to gesture , as if to say to he . that he do not have to go ... but he never say it . just watch the nervous man back clumsily from the room . int --small screening room - - day roger sit in a makeshift theater . it be dark . the room bath in a glow . there be no sound , but whatever Roger be watch be throwing craze shadow across the wall . the door open a crack . father kayman see Roger and step inside , quietly move to take a seat a bit behind he , Roger do not turn to see who 's there . kayman watch for just a moment , but do not seem interested with the image on the screen . stare mostly at Roger . kayman ( with force casualness ) what be you watch ? Roger do not turn . just frown a bit . do not respond . kayman look like tape of willy work out in the Mars tank . Long pause . Roger and kayman stare straight ahead at the screen . furious shadow dance across they and the wall . kayman you be the perfect candidate , you know that , do not you ? you , Roger , be just what they be look for . no response . kayman stare at the back of Roger 's head . kayman angry . desperate . reckless . I daresay , it 's the perfect resume . well . you always say you would do anything to get back into space -- roger ( interrupt ) " Roger , do not do it . " it 's four simple word , if that 's what you come here to say , Don . ( continued ) 17 continued ; kayman start to speak but stop himself . look almost guilty . he turn to the screen . there be a long pause . roger you do not know what it 's like to be up there , with the star , and then come back down here . kayman no , I do not know what it 's like . maybe when I do I will understand why the rest of you life seem to hold such little joy for you . Long pause . they watch . frenzied shadow on the wall . kayman this morning the asian launch they Mars lander into orbit . I hear it 's perform beyond even they expectation . roger I know . kayman Word be we timetable be move . up . if true , you will be hit the operate table seven week sooner than expect . roger I know . short pause . for the first time , Roger turn toward he . roger that what you want to tell I ? kayman I can not find Bradley . he have not hear the news -- and no one seem to know where he be . roger I will find he for you . there 's no reason for I to stay around here do nothing . besides ... Roger stand up . but he do not take he eye from that image on the screen . the shadow play across he face . roger ( cont would ) I think I make people nervous . 18 int --sterile complex corridor --day roger step to a door mark " administrative statistics . " he knock . moment pass . nothing happen . Roger knock louder . the door do not move but . a spy - hole slide open wide enough for one eyeball to peek out and all around . roger it 's Colonel torraway . open up . the spy-hole slide shut . Roger wait . nothing happen . he raise he fist again to knock when there be a klik . the door open . the grim man who answer look like FBI . Beyond he be a office fill with rolltop desk . at each desk sit more men and women who look like FBI . all of the desk have they top roll down , conceal the content . everyone in the room just sit there at close desk stare blankly at the door . and at Roger . the grim man who answer the door do not say a word . roger I need to locate Dr. Bradley . the grim man do not respond . do not even move . just stand in the doorway . Roger wait a moment . then take one step closer so that they face be only inch away . roger ( calm and yet forceful ) look . I know you people watch we . and I know that you know where Dr. Bradley be . so why not be a good whatever the hell you be and the -- a grim woman appear in the door . she be matter - of - fact : grim woman Colonel . you might try the chero Strip Hotel . Dr. Bradley do en- tertain there , on occasion ; often during the after lunch hour . you might ask for he under the name beckwith . but I strongly suggest that you telephone . and it might be best if you allow we to -- roger ( interrupt ) no , thanks . I will just go myself . Roger start to go . but hesitates as the grim man in the door drop he concrete facade , look almost plaintive . ( continued ) 19 continued : grim man Colonel . I strongly suggest that you let we handle this ourselves . Roger give they a quizzical look . and go on he way . the grim man and grim woman stand in the doorway a moment longer . watch Roger go . they share a ominous look . stepping back finally and close that nondescript door with the little sign read " administrative statistics . " ext--automotive parking lot --day roger open the door of he sport car . slip behind the wheel . the car look normal , except for the dashboard . roger manual . the engine roar . Roger take the wheel . screech off . ext--driving down the strip --day roger drive down the motel row of tonka , oklahoma . very astronaut - friendly . Signs tell tourist : " home of the mar astronaut ! " Restaurant logo incorporate rocket . int --the chero strip HOTEL --day roger walk through the lobby of a economy hotel . up to the desk . the clerk look up , but before he can speak : roger I be look for a Dr. Brad -- um. beckwith . the clerk move to the computer . Hit a few key . nod . clerk Mr. and Mrs. beckwith . room 324 . ( short pause ) I be sorry , they just check out . ext --the HOTEL parking lot --day roger step out and walk to he car . get in . he sit there , window open , he elbow rest on top of the door . roger Automatic . ( continued ) 20 continued : the engine roar . Roger stare out the open driver 's side window . he look hesitant about something . then : roger Home . take I home . the steering wheel turn by itself and the car pull out of the lot . Roger stare at the pass street . lose in think . his elbow rest on the door . his other hand on he lap . a passenger behind he own steering wheel . ext--driving past residence --day roger ride through a quiet tonka neighborhood . watch the house pass . the brake pedal depress and the wheel turn as the car enter a driveway . the garage open . int --roger and dorrie' home ~--day roger enter a comfortable - look home . not furnish expensively , by any mean , but with some style . he stop there in the kitchen . listen . do not hear anything . roger dorrie ? hon , you home ? nothing . Roger frown . then hear a muffled car engine . Roger step through the kitchen to a hall with a window : roger' p.o.v . a car outside on the drive . not quite as sporty as Roger 's . the door open . dorrie get out . Roger step quickly down the hall to the front door , like he 's anxious to see she . he place he hand on the knob but then wait . as if to calm himself . finally he open the door : dorrie be just on the other side hold out a key . her eyebrow raise in surprise . surprise ? more like shock . she do not move a inch . dorrie look like a snapshot of herself freeze in the middle of the porch . roger I need to speak to you . I just come from the chero Strip look - ing for Bradley . Long pause . dorrie do not move . as if freeze in place . dorrie all right , Roger . let I come in , and sit down . dorrie walk past Roger . her expression still glassy and ( continued ) 21 continued : daze . she stop to look at herself in a mirror on the wall . dorrie rub off a smudge on she face . fluff she hair . she proceed stiffly into the live room . sit . dorrie lift a cigarette from the table , bring it to she mouth . the cigarette stop before it get there as Roger enter the room . dorrie do not look over at he . dorrie please , go ahead . dorrie insert the cigarette between she lip . lift a butane flame toward the tip . the flame quiver . Roger watch she try to light the cigarette , she hand shaking . dorrie frown . as if defeat . pull the cigarette from she mouth . she look like she 's prepare to enter hell . roger we timetable have be move up . dorrie stare at he . not so much concerned , as puzzle . roger the asian be further along than anyone think . they have a work - ing Mars lander in orbit , complet - @ ing its first initial test run . Long pause . the look on dorrie 's face be apprehensive . as if she be prepare for something much worse and still think it 's come . Roger wait for this all to sink in . roger do not you understand , hon ? dorrie yes . I mean , it 's a little hard to take in -- but do not you start out by say something about Brad , and the chero Strip ? roger no one can find he . you know Bradley . he 's probably shack up with one of the nurse . Roger stop . look down at he watch . he consider it . roger I should be get back myself . but I want to break this news e@ to you . in person . dorrie watch he . nod , slowly . as if still confuse . ( continued ) 22 continued : dorrie thank you , honey . ( short pause ) would not it have be easier to phone ? roger phone ... who ? dorrie Brad . at the hotel . roger oh. sure . I guess . Roger 's face slacken . as if something have just occur to he but he 's not quite sure if he perception be true . roger ( cont would ) how do you know that Brad be at the hotel ? short pause . a glint of worry pass over dorrie 's face . dorrie you tell I you just come from the chero Strip . I assume you mean the chero Strip Hotel . Roger digest this . it only take a moment , and then he seem completely satisfied , nodd almost imperceptibly . roger ( as if relieved ) I be proud of you , hon . I tell you we timetable have move up and you take it like a trooper . dorrie look take aback for a moment . as if she almost forget . she step closer and wrap she arm around he . dorrie I have be a astronaut 's wife a long time , Roger . I be prepare for thing like this . roger it will be just like the old day . the magazine call for you latest recipe . dorrie and beauty tip . do not forget the beauty tip . ( continued ) 23 roger oh of course . the read public have to know how you keep yourself look so good when you husband be on another planet . Roger and dorrie both laugh , and it appear to feel good . roger hope I do not scare you too much when you see I at the door . dorrie do not be silly . dorrie look a bit guilty at she response . squeeze he . dorrie I will be so proud , rog , when you land on Mars ; and we will have long happy life when you come home . pause . Roger stare over she shoulder . Rather soberly . roger you know when I get back they will have to re-build I . give I a new body . I might not look the -- dorrie ( interrupt ) you will be the same man . Inside . dorrie pull back . squeeze he arm like a father might . dorrie you better get go . do not you worry about I . I be all right . dorrie step over to the table . retrieve she cigarette . and this time she light it . take a puff . now that she back be turn toward Roger she expression become cold : dorrie I do not want you racing around town look for Brad . if he 's up to something he should not be then that 's he own problem . dorrie turn around to face Roger . her face warm again . dorrie ( cont would ) with everything that 's come up we have to start think of you ! 24 int -- news anchor desk --newscast a nightly news anchor sit in front of a abstract map of the world . individual NASA photo of the member of the mar crew open up behind he . we recognize father kayman and BRADLEY , but the other three will be unknown to we . one of the other three get larger , cover the other : anchor NASA official reveal today that veteran astronaut William hartnett have die . no word as to the cause of death or who will replace Major hartnett aboard the propose first manned mission to Mars . int --man plus surgical cube --day underwater . in some kind of fluid . it 's like look up from the bottom of a pool . suddenly , roger break the surface of the water . he sink closer . closer . bubble obscure the view . slowly revealing he face : Roger be unconscious . a breathing mask over he nose and mouth . int --large conference room -~--day a table line with NASA official and man plus personnel . father kayman and BRADLEY be there . other face that may be recognizable from the ballroom scene . everyone watch as a old coroner slowly stand , with he report . coroner Major hartnett die from a brain hemorrhage . int --man plus surgical cube --day roger float just under the surface of he fluidized bed in a blinding white cube that appear self - illuminate . masked surgeon step up . they look down . after a moment one of they raise a circular saw . a tiny klik and the see rotate with a shrill wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeefe . int --chero strip HOTEL room -~-day dorrie stand at the window . the heavy drape be draw . the room be dark save for the one thin band of sunlight sneaking in between the curtain . half of she face in the sun , half out . dorrie take a drag on she cigarette . 25 int --man plus surgical cube --day float . in some kind of fluid . roger suspend in the fluid . unconscious . limp hand float on either side of he head . he look intact . his head bob . arm bob . until he arm float just far enough away -- and at such a impossible angle -- that it 's clear they have be severe . another moment and one of he legs float past . int --large conference room --day the coroner stop read . he look down the long table : coroner the truth be we be apply new pressure to the brain . think of the human brain as a " radio . " we be all attempt to stick tv signal into it . and the brain simply do not know what to do . short pause . the NASA and man plus staff listen . grim . coroner the same thing that happen to William will , eventually , happen to Roger . now , this be fact . int --man plus complex chapel --day a small dark chapel . undeniably invite if compare to the clinical corridor outside . father kayman step in . take the second in a row of stubby pews . kayman reach into he pocket and remove he rosary . begins to pray . int --the white house bedroom - - day president deshatine wake up . blink . his aide offer : aide time to get up , Mr. President . deshatine before I fall asleep my approval rating be down 17 % , with 61 % of the public judge this admini - stration poor to unsatisfactory . aide yes , sir . I be afraid it do not improve during you nap . 26 int --man plus surgical cube --day roger float just under the surface of he fluidize bed with cable stretch from he limbless body out of the water to artificial arm and legs hold by thick support beside the bed . his surgeon resemble technician now as they operate computer terminal . the arm and leg be silver , like polished steel . finger and toe twitching . int --biological laboratory - - day look up from the p.o.v. of whatever be at the bottom of a SMALL cage : two bio -researcher in white lab coat and thick glass stare down , as if they be entrance . researcher 1 the initial shape be create with a polyester . researcher 2 then you inject human cartilage ? researcher 1 yes . we surgically implant the ear or nose onto the mouse , which nourish the new appendage the same way it nourish the rest of its body . the cartilage grow to gradually replace the polyester . researcher 2 hmmm . so you end up with live tissue you can transplant onto a human subject . intrigue . researcher 1 we will be able to construct a new nose , and a new set of ear , for Colonel torraway when he return from Mars , to he specification . Long pause . the two bio- researcher stare into the cage . researcher 2 ( suddenly reflective ) how do you suppose people will react to this ? researcher ' p.o.v . look down into the cage : mice run around the bottom . each with a human nose or ear on there back . perfect actual -size human nose and ear grow on the back of furry mouse scurrying around and over one another . bizarre . sicken . the mouse scurry . 27 int --chero strip HOTEL room --day dorrie stare out the window . she smoke she cigarette . BRADLEY ( 0.s. ) hey . come back to bed . dorrie make a half -turn . see BRADLEY sit up in the hotel bed . the blanket bunched around he waist reveal he chest . he pat the pillow beside he in invitation . dorrie turn back to the window . she stare out between the heavy drape . Bright outside . dorrie do not move . int -- news anchor desk --newscast a nightly news anchor anile for the public . behind he a screen display the attentive face of roger torraway . anchor we be back with astronaut Roger torraway . for that of you who may be join we late , NASA have announce that Colonel torraway will join the crew of the first manned flight to we neighbor red planet , Mars . the anchor swivel in he chair . on sereen Roger smile . anchor it 's be a while since you have be in space , Colonel . you must feel like a rookie again . int -- NASA broadcast studio --day the room be line with screen . technician work behind elaborate console . a balding middle - aged fat man , who look nothing like Roger , sit at the center of it all . his face be cover with sensor . every movement of he face , from the broadest grin to the slight raise eyebrow , mimick by the . roger face on the video screen . fat man let I tell you , Chet . you feel like a rookie every time you lift - off into space . there be nothing mundane about manned space flight . camera move , down the row of screen . each perfect the movement and SOUND of the roger face until the last one ( continued ) 28 continued : down look and sound perfect : " let I tell you , chet . " int --man plus surgical cube --day masked surgeon be gather around the fluidize bed . one have he hand underneath the water . come up with a internal organ . he drop it into the hand of another surgeon who , in turn , drop it into the hand of another . one of the surgeon hold out the artificial replacement . int --biological laboratory - - day researcher ' p.o.v.. look into the cage : mice run around and over one another . - each with a human nose or ear on there back . perfect actual - size nose and ear . the two bio-researchers in lab coat watch . one frown . researcher 1 uh-oh . researcher 2 what ? researcher 1 I have twelve mouse this morning . researcher 2 I count eleven . researcher 1 yes , I do , too . researcher 2 uh-oh . int --corridor nurse station --day a over -worked nurse lean against a counter scribbling on a clipboard . she flip through the page . write . food crumb on the countertop . the nurse flip through the page . write . suddenly , a mouse with a human ear on its back scurries into view . stop. go . as if afraid of the giant nurse creature . it reach the crumb and begin to eat . tiny hand and mouth work furiously . the nurse frown . as if she sense something . look up . int --biological laboratory -~-day the two bio-researchers stare down into the cage . at the ( continued ) 29 continued : sound of the horrified female scream they both look up . int--a white house corridor --day president deshatine walk down a hallway wear pajamas . he 's hold he stomach . the presidential aide follow . deshatine uh. I do not feel good . aide Dr. strassen do advise you not to eat any more cabbage . deshatine shut-up . I do not want the cab - bage lecture again . the President stop , as if experience a wave of nausea . aide during you nap I be afraid that Australia have declare war . deshatine what ? with who ? aide with itself , sir . the New New australian have attack the Old New australian . the nausea pass , and deshatine continue down the hall . deshatine we official position will be that this affair in Australia be a domestic matter , and not a national concern for the United States , blah blah blah . aide very good , Mr. President . deshatine what 's the latest from the npa ? aide " anti-america " demonstration be still go on in shanghai , saigon , Hiroshima , and a half - dozen other city throughout the New people 's Asia . ( continued ) 30 continued : deshatine anything else ? aide a epidemic of small pox be out of control in botswana . welsh national have blow up Knights - bridge . with a plutonium bomb . the President stop outside a door . he look impatient . aide ( cont would ) would you like to hear about the Middle East , or near East first ? deshatine neither . I be go to the john . deshatine disappear through the door as he aide wait . aide you may want to check the latest computer simulation . int--a white house restroom --day president deshatine sit on the toilet in a small ornate restroom . frown . he reach next to the toilet paper roll and pull OPEN the computer set into the wall . deshatine search the keyboard . Hit a key with a blip . the screen come alive displaying a chart with one broad black line growing diagonally upward toward a red bar that be ominously label : " outbreak of hostility . " from out in the corridor come the aide 's muffled voice : aide ( 0.8 . ) that 's a composite of twenty - two trend and index , range from the international credit balance to the frequency of harassment of american tourist abroad . deshatine look nauseous . he just stare straight ahead . aide ( 0.8 . ) it be a statistical probability of world war . you might notice that we be rapidly approach a " critical mass " ; that be , if you put any faith in such thing . the President frown as he pull down on the toilet roll . 31 ext --chero HOTEL parking lot --day BRADLEY walk from the hotel toward a sport car . open the door and start to slide in ... when he see something . on the hood of he car be a frog . a tiny , everyday frog . Bradley stare at this frog . like it 's really something . int --man plus surgical cube --day masked surgeon huddle around Roger 's fluidize bed . one hold a scalpel . a nurse step up and touch he arm : nurse Word have come down from the Major . Colonel torraway be to retain he face until just prior to lift-off . the surgeon exchange look . one hand over the scalpel . nurse the psych people think it will help he to adjust . camera' p.o.v. look down into the fluid : float just under the surface be roger . hard to see through the thick swirl fluid . but metallic arm and legs be visible ; and a OPEN torso packed with artificial organ . though under the water , Roger be not wear anything over he face . that breathe mask see earlier be gone . int --large conference room --day the long table of NASA official and man plus personnel . BRADLEY stand and clear he throat . he hit a remote : on the wall behind he , footage of a frog begin to play . BRADLEY lady and gentleman . consider the frog . it be a everyday frog . not move . just sit there . BRADLEY if a insect pass in front of a frog , the frog 's eye will per - ceive that insect . nerves will transmit the information to the frog 's brain , and the brain will respond by order the frog to immediately consume the insect . a fly buzy into view , and the frog immediately eat it . 32 int --man plus surgical cube --day the fluidize bed drain out onto a flat surface . murky fluid slosh over the side as roger emerge and slide across the platform come to a stop . below the neck he body be encase in what appear to be miniature red tile . camera' p.o.v. look up at the row of masked surgeon on either side stare down at Roger . almost in unison , the surgeon pull down they mask revealing there face for the first time . now , they look quite human . like individual . each one lose in think . until suddenly : surgeon 1 ( shake by the notion ) Christ . if the public know what we be do to they hero .... the surgeon trail off . as if the think be too scary . the other exchange a glance ; and , almost in unison , the surgeon pull they mask back up , cover they face . int --large conference room --day BRADLEY gesture at the frog . just sit there . now a leaf fall into view landing beside the motionless frog . BRADLEY but , if a leaf drop down beside the frog , we see that it do not eat the leaf . it 's not that the frog decide not to eat the leaf . the frog simply never see it . the NASA and man plus staff watch he . as if he 's nut . BRADLEY the signal from the frog 's eye be drop before it ever reach the brain . the frog 's brain never become aware of what the frog have just see -- because it do not need to be aware . Bradley smile . as if he point be delightfully obvious : BRADLEY it 's simply irrelevant for a frog to know whether or not a leaf have drop down in front of it . Bradley hit the remote , and a schematic for a backpack computer replace the frog . it look as if this backpack ( continued ) 33 continued : would be integrate with Roger . a physical part of he . e@ BRADLEY we can not change the human brain . we be stick with it . but we can influence what information reach the brain . I propose that we use a computer to filter and regulate what Roger feel and see . father kayman be clearly disturb by this . he sit up . kayman you be suggest that we route Roger 's perception through this computer -- before they reach he brain ? BRADLEY yes , that 's what I be suggest . kayman seem offended . look around in search of someone who feel the same . everyone else seem lose in think . kayman but would Roger still be Roger ? @ would he even be human anymore ? pause . Bradley look almost dumbfounded by the question . BRADLEY what do you want I to say ? I do not have the answer to that question . I be simply tell the panel what the next logical step be . this be we best hope of keep Roger 's brain from overload while he 's on Mars . int --chero strip HOTEL room --day dorrie stand at the window . the heavy drape be draw . the room dark save for the thin band of sunlight sneaking between the curtain . half of she face in the sun , half out . dorrie take a drag on she cigarette . she squeeze she eye shut . and , when she open they , tear run out . int --large conference room --day plus personnel stare , solemnly , at the head of the table . the program co-ordinator do not move for a long moment . ( continued ) @ BRADLEY stand there . wait . the NASA official and man 34 continued : co-ordinator if we follow you proposal , Brad , what be the odd of Roger surviv - ing he transformation ? BRADLEY odd ? no worse than even money . int --man plus complex chapel --day father kayman step in . take the second in the row of pews . he reach into he pocket for he rosary . at the SOUND of the falling bead kayman look down . the rosary have snap . dozen of loose bead scatter , come to rest on the hard floor . one tiny gold cross among they . int -- news anchor desk --newscast a strange foreign flag appear as the news anchor begin : anchor with the New people 's Asia have formally announce they intention to land a manned crew on Mars , it would appear we be plunge into a space race , not dissimilar to last century 's " race to the moon . " old black -and-white footage from the " space race " play . replaced by a photograph of mar and a big question MARK . anchor ( cont would ) some analyst be suggest that it will not be much of a race , add that neither the U.S. or the n.p.a. have much hope of lift - off be - fore they propose fall deadline . a window open and a simulation of the planet earth and mar rotating around the SUN play . as the two planet orbit-- each at its own speed and distance from the sun - - it be clear that at time Earth appear to approach Mars and -. the two seem " closer . " a dotted line trace a path . anchor the Earth and the planet Mars be properly align every 26 month . this alignment , utilize the di - rection of the Earth 's rotation to lesson the amount of fuel that be require for the lengthy journey , will end in September . ( continued ) 35 continued : stock footage show a enormous rocket under production . now the same rocket lift - off . not get far before it explode in a ball of flame . replaced by the NASA logo . anchor ( cont would ) test on the Mars are rocket con - tinue , with only vary degree of success . still , NASA official insist they be ahead of schedule ... int --man plus surgical cube --day roger be suspend above the floor inside a maze of tube that seem to pass right through he body . the tube lead to big tank that be fill with a kind of milky fluid . Roger hang limply inside the web of tube . unconscious . anchor ( v.o. ) .+.. and that all equipment will be function and ready in time for lift-off . suddenly Roger open he eye . normal , human eye . he stare ahead , blankly , as if not fully awake yet , when a second inner eyelid close . but it be not make of flesh . this eyelid be metallic and emerge from the side of the eye . there be a whirring as this new eyelid OPEN : Roger look out with large telescopic lense where he human eye use to be . the lid close again to whirring . when they open , a third set of eye be visible . this eye have a eerie red glow . the glow make the tile encase he body illuminate with multiple shade of red . BRADLEY stand with the nurse . all look up at Roger . BRADLEY good morning , Roger . I want you to know you can plan on sleep in a regular bed in a few day . the fluid drain from you be a temporary by - product of you new system . it will pass , I promise . he pause . try to determine whether Roger be alert . BRADLEY I do not want you to talk , not yet . but you speech center be hook up to the speaker in the room so you should be able to communicate without actually move you lip . just " think " what you want to say . ( continued ) 36 continued : Long pause . Bradley and the nurse wait . the speaker set into the corner of the room remain silent . Roger do not move a inch . but then a mechanized voice say : speaker headache . in my chest . Bradley and the nurse wait . listen for more . finally : speaker Inside of mouth itches . BRADLEY you sensation will not make sense for a while ; so do not be alarmed . ( short pause ) any more " general " observation ? what be you emotion ? nothing for a moment . then Roger suddenly jerk . as if try to get loose from the tube . Bradley step close . BRADLEY easy there , rog . take it easy . speaker have bad dream . Roger 's expression be of a man waking from a dream . not realize yet that it be all just a dream ; or , maybe , resolve himself to the fact that this dream be real : speaker not ... a dream , Roger pull he arm out of place just . enough to dislodge a connection as milky fluid spurt from the crack . this seem to upset Roger even more . he jerk more of the tube loose and more milky fluid spurt across the room . one of the tank tumble over slosh fluid across the floor , the nurse scramble out of the way of the tank . Bradley slip on the wet floor and slide . try to get up and fail . cover in milky fluid . he crawl to a computer terminal and slam he fist down onto the panel . immediately the squirting fluid slow to a weak trickle . everyone watch . Roger struggle for a few more moment before go limp . just hang now from the crack and damage tube . he open he mouth , as if to speak , but milky fluid spill over he lip reduce it to a gurgle . close - up of roger . that metallic eyelids close and with a whirring Roger 's human eye return . warm , human eye . ( continued ) 37 continued Roger stare down at they groggily . and , when he finally speak , he voice be fragile , and most definitely human : roger dorrie ? int --dorrie' ceramics shop --day father kayman enter a cluttere little shop pack with ceramics and clay . he wait a moment . then cross to a curtain and peek through to the workshop . dorrie be in the process of close the lid to a enormous oven . she look up . see the Priest . dorrie remove she hand mit and lift the visor from she face . with. a slight frown . dorrie let I guess , Father . you want I to visit my husband . kayman seem throw off by she directness , and do not know what to say . dorrie take a seat at a small table ; and , without a express invitation , kayman do the same . kayman why do not you , dorrie ? dorrie Don , what 's the use ? Roger be out cold . he would not know if I be there or not . kayman he 's conscious now -- for longer period of time . and you know he have ask for you . dorrie he 's leak some kind of fluid . Brad tell I . and you know why I have not see he : because he ask I to stay away . kayman Roger have no lung . no heart . his skin have be peel away , inch - by-inch . Men have be christen saint after be flay alive . Roger at least deserve a visit from he wife . dorrie have you consider mind you own business ? ( continued ) 38 dorrie reach for a pack of cigarettes but kayman place he hand over the box . prevent she from get one . kayman I be aware of what Roger may have say to you before he operation begin . and I know you do not ask for any of this . but I also know that you be make of sterner stuff . will you be able to handle see he ? I think so . dorrie do you know what it 's like , be marry to a man like Roger ? kayman pretty fine , I would guess . he 's a good man . dorrie he ig . sometimes , when we be in bed together , and I be try to sleep , I can hear Roger next to I . not move . not get up to go to the bathroom . be so fuck considerate -- dorrie stop herself before she lose control . kayman look surprised . he take he hand from the cigarettes . dorrie do you know that Roger shave the minute he get up , so I will not see he stubble ? do you know he use deodorant , three time a day ? my husband treat I like I be the Holy virgin mother herself , and have for the last twelve year . ( escalate in emotion ) now you come in here and tell I I ought to go see he -- when they be turn he into something ghastly and ludicrous ? I know I be make Roger miserable by not come to see he . my god . do not you think I know that ? dorrie light up a cigarette . smoke . she calm down . dorrie what you do not seem to understand be that my go to see he would make he feel even worse . 39 int --spacesuit fitting room --day father kayman wriggle into the upper-half of a spacesuit with the name " kayman " stitched onto the front . it look difficult . assistant immediately drop the helmet down over he head , snapping the latch as they scurry about . mission commander goddard be in he own suit next to the Priest . " Goddard " stitched on the front . he look over : goddard do not worry , Father . you just get in that suit , and I will fly you all the way to Mars . deal ? kayman grimace as he force he hand into a glove . he be about to respond when two military policemen step up . military police 1 Sir . you will have to come with we . kayman look confuse . then as angry as we have ever see : rayman I just get into this thing ! the two military Police stare at he . they face stone cold . kayman seem to deflate as the assistant scurry around he , unsnapp latch to a fssssssssshhhhhhhhhh . int --luxurious private jet --day the two military policemen lead father kayman onto a jet and immediately exit back down the step . kayman look around . this be one nice airplane . the curtain spread as the presidential aide step into the rear compartment . aide please do make yourself at home , Father . the President will see you once we be airborne . CUT to : Father kayman sit in a comfortable - look seat manage to look not at all comfortable . he keep lean forward and stare out the window , as if to see what he 's fly over . suddenly , the curtain slide OPEN by themselves . kayman hesitates as if wait for some word . none come so he get up . step into the next compartment . table as well as chair here . at one of they sit president pitz - jame deshatine stare blankly out he tiny window . ( continued ) 40 continued : deshatine thanks for let I kidnap you , Father . sit down . pour yourself some coffee , if you like . kayman sit down , a bit stiff . do not touch the coffee . kayman we be just circle the air base , - be not we , Mr. President ? deshatine yes . just want to give we some privacy while we chatted . Long pause . the President still stare out the window . not move . kayman look uncomfortable finally reach for the coffee on the table as the President turn with : deshatine that trampy little wife of he be go to give we boy a hard time . kayman never do pour he coffee . he stiffen . thinks . kayman Sir ? deshatine dorrie torraway be sleep with Dr. Bradley . I suppose that you be not aware of this . kayman ( surprised ) uh...no . I -- deshatine ( interrupt ) can you straighten she out , Don ? kayman I do not -- dorrie have ... problem . deshatine no , dorrie have one problem : she be screwing up we Mars project . the President look disappointed . turn to the window . kayman watch he stare morosely at the cloud . pause . deshatine let I tell you , Father , what I have be think lately . ( continued ) 41 continued : the President turn toward the Priest . look as if the. fate of the world be weigh down on he two shoulder . deshatine I have be think that Roger will be happier mourn over the death of he wife in a car accident than worry about what she 's do , and who she 's do it with , while he 's on a distant planet . it take kayman a few moment to understand what it be exactly he 's just hear . a look of horror on he face : kayman Sir . why would you tell I this ? deshatine because I want you as my partner in this particular matter . kayman but what can I do ? pray ? deshatine if prayer be all you can offer , then I want you to pray . pray that Mrs. torraway pull herself together long enough to help she husband . pray that Roger never find out about she infidelity . and if that do not work ... then you would better start praying real hard , Father , for the two of we . int--a clinical hospital room --day roger rest on a hospital bed . under crisp new sheet . he watch the ceiling . there be a riiiing . Roger turn toward the bedside table and stare at the telephone , as if surprised . it riiiiiiings again . Roger pick it up : roger hel -1o ? int --roger and dorrie' home --day dorrie hold a phone at she ear . look off to the side . dorrie oh , sweetie . it 's so nice to hear you voice again . you sound great . 42 int--a clinical hospital room --day roger hold the phone at he ear . look a bit shake . dorrie ( v.0 . ) Roger . I be painting you de . I be go to paint it in red and orange , but then I figure you would - probably be sick of Mars color . Roger smile a little . the door to he room swing open and a grim - looking nurse march in . Roger watch she . roger that 's great , honey . just great . the grim nurse unceremoniously pull back the bed sheet . Roger have a hospital gown on , but he leg be expose . encase in that red tile . Roger 's eye widen as the nurse pull out a tiny hammer and chisel from she pocket . Roger watch she move the tip of the chisel to he thigh and begin to hammer away with a tonk tonk tonk tonk tonk . dorrie ( v.0 . ) I want to see you , Roger . I be not afraid . that 's why I call . not to tell you about the de . I want to come see you , okay ? the grim nurse finally chip off a tile . drop it into a bag . Roger watch she like he 's watch a horror film . dorrie ( v.o. ) Roger ? when can I come ? Roger look ... uncertain . suddenly he hang up the phone . int --roger and dorrie' home~-day dorrie look about to cry . hang up the receiver . she stare down at it for a moment . then she eye move over : dorrie he hang up . be you satisfied ? father kayman look just as unhappy against the far wall . do not say anything . a few uncomfortable moment pass . dorrie I have a telephone call from the President of the United States last night tell I how proud he be I be hold up so well . ( continued ) 43 continued : kayman oh , that be considerate of he . dorrie yes . then he tell I not to fuck anyone until my husband lift - off into space . this house be bugge . and I be be follow , be not I ? kayman do not respond . and dorrie just get angrier : dorrie I be be follow . be not I ? kayman I do not know . probably . yes . again dorrie look about to cry . turn away from he . dorrie can I just be leave alone now ? Father kayman watch she , with great sympathy . he nod . kayman I hope so . int--a clinical hospital room --day roger lie there . his arm outstretch . his hand still rest on the telephone after hang it up . he stare at the ceiling . there be a quick knock knock knock and the door immediately fly open . sulie carpenter charge in wear a nurse 's uniform that fit she rather well . she be strike : Dark hair and green eye . hair and eye just like dorrie be . sulie stop beside the bed , and place a hand on Roger 's forehead . he look surprised . sulie you would think I would know better than feel for a fever in you case , sir . I guess I be a old - fashion - ed girl . name 's sulie carpenter . sulie talk in a charming Texas twang . ' place she hand on she hip , and flash Roger with she blind smile : sulie it 's Susan Lee , really , but sulie be what they call I . can I bring you anything , Colonel ? you have get the whole world at you command , sir . include I ! ( continued ) 44 continued : be Roger listen ? hard to say . he 's search every inch of she face , clearly see the resemblance . sulie check the chart at the foot of the bed , look over the top of the chart at Roger , like a teenager . she giggle . sulie I be embarrassed to say I use to have you picture on my wall back when you rescue that Russians . ( as if humiliate ) oh ... I can not believe I say that . roger it 's okay . do not be embarrassed . sulie cover she face but can not help peek over at he . sulie you would not believe the active role you have play in some of my fantasy , Colonel torraway , sir ! Roger look a little shell - shocked . but then he laugh . and a relieved sulie do too . she lower she voice now : sulie Colonel . can I sneak a camera in here later and take you picture ? something to show my future grand - child when they ask about you ? roger ( a bit delighted ) well , sure , but you know if they catch you you will be in hot water . the door swing open -- and secret service personnel march in hold electronic scanning device . immediately they circle the room , scan the wall and furniture . Roger look at sulie , who shrug like she do not know a thing . sulie ( almost a whisper ) guess I will see you later . sulie turn , and exit . Roger watch the secret service personnel move around the hospital room . face stone . they reach the bed . scan both it and Roger 's body . roger something tell I I be get a visit from the President . the secret service personnel stop , and stare at Roger for ( continued ) 45 continued : a moment , as if only now realize Roger be there on the bed . without a word , they turn and continue they work . ext --roger and dorrie' home --day BRADLEY crouch in bushes across the STREET . watch father kayman get into he car . after a moment , kayman drive away . Bradley watch the car round the corner , finally out of sight . the street be free of park car . there be no pedestrian . nothing in either direction . Bradley wait . look both way . finally he emerge from the bush and start across the street . not run but not want to linger , either . he turn at the screech : a dark sedan round the corner and , a moment later , a dark van round the other . both vehicle racing down the street , they darkened window quite ominous , stop in front of Roger and dorrie 's home , trapping the helpless Bradley between they , stick in the middle of the street . the van door immediately slide open and two large grim men in suit emerge . they take Bradley by the arm and pull he inside . Bradley go limp , like a big rag doll . the vehicle immediately drive off in opposite direction and , in just a moment , the street be desert once again . int--a clinical hospital room --day roger watch the secret service personnel complete they round , and immediately exit . Roger watch the door for a moment ; but when nothing happen he let he head fall back onto he pillow . and that 's when he hear the klik : president deshatine be stand outside in the hall , with he head stick through the door . smiling at Roger . deshatine mind if I come in , son ? before Roger can answer the President step right inside , hold up the package in he hand so that Roger can see : deshatine talk to dorrie the other day . TI tell she I be plan to pay you a visit , and she ask I to bring this to you . sweet , sweet woman . deshatine lay it on the table . pull up a chair . sit . deshatine how be you feel , rog ? ( continued ) 46 continued : roger uh. Fine , sir . okay . the President scoot he chair even closer . leans over : deshatine I can be honest with you , Colonel . the asian be close ; but I think we still have the edge on they if we can make that September launch date . if not , we will have to wait another 26 month and by then the asian will be ready too and Mars will be up for grab . we have to get you on Mars now , and you have to function when you get there . the President gently lay a hand on Roger 's arm . Roger look at the hand a moment . then back at the President . deshatine do you understand I , in you gut , son ? do you really feel that you be that one man in a generation -- maybe two -- who find himself in a position so vital to the future of the human race that nothing in he life come close to measure up in importance ? the President grab a pitcher of water . pour a glass . he bring it toward he lip ; but the glass stop on its way there as deshatine instead start gesture with it : deshatine do you know what history will say about I ? " fitz - James deshatine , 54th President -- during he tenure the human race found its first colony on another world . " that 's all I will get , if that much . that be what posterity will remember . not the petty daily bullshit , not the interchangeable little war I ea not even keep straight myself . ( short pause ) human destiny , my boy . that 's my interest here , not keep thing run along the same old status quo . Mars will change the course of history . the universe be just wait for we . and you , Roger , be the one who can give I this . you can give humanity its future . ( continued ) 47 continued : the President never do take a drink of water . stare at the glass in he hand like he forget it be there , and lay it back on the table . he look at Roger and frown . deshatine I know what you be think , rog . here 's the old man , politician to the end , he would say anything to get what he want . he will tell I I be the next Jesus Christ . right ? roger well . maybe a little . yes , sir . deshatine squeeze Roger 's arm one last time . stands up . deshatine . I will tell you what , Colonel . go ahead and subtract 99 % of what I just say as crap . the one per - cent that 's leave still make you the most important person in the world right now . the President move to the door . open it . hesitates . deshatine if you need anything , you call I , night or day -- I will make sure they put you through . so long . the President exit . Roger watch the door swing shut . int --sterile complex corridor --day stunned nurse and doctor stare with open mouth as the president march down the corridor surround by secret service agent . the presidential aide hand he a phone : aide I dial for you , Mr. President . deshatine look irritate . bring the phone to he ear . int --inside the back of a van --day BRADLEY sit between two large grim men . two more grim men across from he . ring . one man pick up the phone . he do not answer hello . just offer it to Bradley with : grim man 1 it 's for you . ( continued ) 48 continued : Bradley bring the receiver to he ear , like he 's hold a gun to he head . it take he a moment to finally ask : BRADLEY h-hello ? int--a clinical hospital room --day the door open again , and sulie step back inside , with a picture frame in she hand . she hold it out so roger can see the autographed photo of the president . sulie read : sulie " for rog , from he pal , President fitz -jame deshatine . " ( short pause ) do you want this , Colonel ? roger why not . can you hang it up ? sulie turn it over revealing a metallic gadget on back . sulie all presidential photo come with this self - hang gizmo . see ? sulie press the frame to a empty spot on the wall , and it stick . then she step back to the door and open it . look up and down the hall , check to see if the coast be clear . sulie turn . pull a camera from she pocket . she hurriedly set the camera on a tabletop at the foot of the bed . fumble with the timer . nervous . like a little girl might get nervous . giggling . the ticking of the timer seem to surprise she , and she expression turn suddenly frantic . sulie run around the side of the bed : sulie hurry up and smile , Colonel ! sulie plant a kiss on a surprised Roger 's cheek in time for the bright flash . she quickly retrieve the camera and stick it back into she uniform . look relieved . roger sulie . you can call I " Roger . " sulie stare at Roger . as if she be genuinely touch . sulie I better go now ... Roger . but I will check on you in the morning , okay ? ( continued ) 49 continued : sulie open the door . look back one last time , almost shyly , and exit . Roger just sit there for a moment . then turn to that package the President bring he . he take the box and lift the lid . Inside be a ceramic cup decorate with a cornucopia of fruit . Roger appear to like it , open the card : " I love you , " sign , Zaezsue . Roger let he head fall onto he pillow . and he smile . int --thru sterile corridor -~-montage roger step from he hospital room . his expression be so tentative this must be he first time , hold on to he metal WALKER like a life preserver . two male nurse walk behind he with sulie at he side mouth encouragement . Roger leave he room again and again . a little surer each time . and now , with a cane in place of the walker . then hold on only to sulie for support . finally Roger walk down the hall unaided as the nurse clap and cheer . int --physical training facility --day roger be lead by a doctor into a gym . Inside be a former paraplegic wear gym short that reveal he artificial legs . he offer Roger a friendly smile and a handshake . doctor Roger , meet Charlie . Charlie be a former paraplegic whose artificial leg be precursor of you own . Roger take he hand . they look over each other 's leg . int --the training facility --montage roger and the former paraplegic work out on treadmills . then run track . the former paraplegic obviously faster and more co-ordinate . egging the frustrated Roger on . they jump rope . perform ballet move as sulie watch with a grin . slowly , Roger get faster on the jump rope . finally he race past the former paraplegic , who seem to be almost stand still in comparison ... and who end up stop and just watch Roger speed around the track . int --optical examination room --day roger be lead by a doctor into a eye examination facility where a former blind man immediately turn revealing he eye socket , and he pair of primitive artificial lense . ( continued ) 50 continued : doctor this be Frederick , Roger . once upon a time he be blind . beneath he mechanical eye , the former blind man smile . CUT to : close - up of Roger 's inner metallic eyelids close over he human eye . there be a whirring and , when they open , Roger be look out with he set of red glowing lense . sulie walk in . she see Roger and the former blind man on the far side of the room . she stop . about to speak . roger' p.0.v.. sulie stand there look good in she white nurse 's uniform . suddenly the uniform fade and sulie be briefly see naked before she skin fade too revealing the red muscle and vein underneath . a moment later she be just a human skeleton stand in front of a unfinished section of wall expose the world outside . Roger jerk . shock . like he have not expect that . he close he eye and , when he open they , they be human again . the former blind man guffaw wildly in amusement . sulie frown like she do not get it . hand on she hip : sulie what ? int --mar normal tank --day roger appear to be run across the barren surface of Mars . dress only in a astronaut 's jumpsuit . leap gracefully over the fake martian boulder . he run past a window . sulie and father kayman be visible , watch . int--observation booth --day sulie and father kayman watch from the other side of the thick glass . roger climb a ladder to a fake mar lander with four spider - like leg plant into the red soil . suddenly , sulie lean forward . like she see something . sulie bolt from the booth , and a curious kayman follow . int --mar tank airlock -~-day sulie rush down the hall to the Mars tank airlock . two technician in environmental suit be about to close the thick round outer door . the technician look surprised ( continued ) 51 continued : as sulie rush up with father kayman right behind she . sulie ( authoritatively ) gentlemen , I think you two go in there wear that suit will only remind the Colonel that he no longer require air to breathe . ( and now , softer ) and we do not need that , do we ? the two technician stare at sulie through they visor . they share a brief glance , and move out of the airlock . sulie step back . look relieved . Father kayman seem a little surprised by sulie . but very pleased . he nod . kayman good think , nurse . int--a clinical hospital room--montage sulie enter Roger 's hospital room . again and again and again . always greeting roger with she bubbly enthusiasm . very endear . she bring flowers to brighten up the room , replace the blind with colorful drapery . they watch television . she open he mail , unfold a kide drawing of a astronaut in a spacesuit . they both laugh . int--cyborg-robotics laboratory --day a lab stuff with robotic part . roger and sulie watch a robotics specialist work a control panel . what look like a tangle tv antenna suddenly open up form a skeletal pair of wing . it look like the sub-structure of what will eventually be a enormous pair of bat wing . Roger and sulie look surprised as the metal framework stretch all the way across the lab . from wall to wall . specialist ( matter - of -factly ) we plan on attach this wing to you shoulder . they will act like a pair of solar panel , and power you internal battery -- the specialist stop when he see the pain expression form on Roger 's face . like that be go to be on I ? the robotics specialist be at a loss . he seem to search for the right word to say ... but be save by sulie , who place a gentle hand on Roger 's shoulder and lean close . ( continued ) 52 continued : sulie ( sounding genuine ) oh , Roger . you be go to be so beautiful . like a bird ! Roger look at she . not quite convinced . but after a few moment of stare at sulie , Roger return she smile . int--observation booth --day father kayman stand in front of the thick glass watch roger inside the Mars normal tank . Roger be balancing on one finger . leg in the air . not sway a inch . just perfectly balanced on one finger . the door open , and sulie walk in . she step beside kayman . watch Roger . sulie Morning , Father . how 's he do ? kayman look at he . I would say he 's do just great -- and this be due in no small part to you , sulie . you have be terrific for he . I mean it . sulie smile gratefully . but it pass rather quickly as she stare through the glass . she look a bit wear out . sulie I really envy you . the reason I join the space program to begin with be to be the first woman to set foot on another world . Father kayman look at sulie , with the proper sympathy . but then he notice something about she face . like he can not tell what it be . when sulie turn , he look away . sulie woman pilot the shuttle , and walk on the moon ; but when it come to Mars -- when it come to the heavy , exploratory mission -- it be still the man who get the glory . kayman I suspect the public need time to get use to the idea of send a woman 250 - million mile away . sulie well . at least I can do my part to help Roger . that 's important . ( continued ) 53 continued : kayman you do not sound too convin - - kayman stop . as if realize what 's be bother he : kayman you eye . they be brown today . roger' voice ( over the speaker ) Balance the lock -- I be come out . sulie and kayman turn . in the Mars tank , Roger rights himself . head toward the airlock . sulie look frantic . sulie shit , I do not have my contact in ! sulie bolt from the room , as if this be tantamount to a emergency . Father kayman stare after she , with a frown . int --mar project PRESS hall --night the crew of the first mar mission stand in front of a backdrop feature the planet mar and mission insignia . roger , father kayman , dr . BRADLEY , commander goddard , and the fifth member of the crew pose for the camera , and look as comfortable as they can inside they spacesuit . flashbulb be in a frenzy as the photographer wrestle for position . reporter attempt to ask they question , and the quick one get most of he sentence out first : reporter 1 be not any of you worried about the effect of long - term weightlessness during a sixth - month space flight ? Goddard gesture to the motorized model of the mar space craft . it look like two Apollo module connect by a tether line . the two capsule rotate around one another . goddard as you can see from the model , the command module and final booster rocket remain connect by a mile - long metal tether . the rotation of the craft create a artificial gravity on either end to alleviate the weightlessness of space . Goddard lean forward in he suit and turn toward Father kayman . the Priest immediately take up the discussion . ( continued ) 54 kayman the artificial gravity inside the ship will be equivalent to around forty - percent of Earth 's gravity , which just happen to approximate the strength of Mars ' own gravity . so , we should be quite acclimate to condition on Mars by the time we arrive on the surface . goddard and with four hour of exercise a day , the trip should offer we no ill effect . next question ? the Mars crew smile earnestly . one voice rise higher : reporter 2 Colonel torraway , have you decide what you will say as you descend to the surface , the first human be to set foot on Mars ? roger yes , sir . I certainly have . Roger grin . clearly not intend to respond further . the Reporters and the rest of the Crew laugh pleasantly . int --crew wive ' PRESS hall --night the wive of the mar crew sit behind a long table in a hall that be quite a bit smaller . the group of reporter interview they be smaller too , but just as . attentive as they counterpart . dorrie seem uneasy , but do she best to look earnest as another wife finish a response : other wife ( almost by rote ) ... and I know I speak for all of we here when I say that we wife be so pleased and proud to be a part of history in the make . dorrie fight to keep she smile as the flashbulb go off . int -- narrow access corridor -- night the mar crew march from the press hall into a narrow access corridor . they look tired but relieved , trudging along one after another , the corridor just wide enough to accommodate they spacesuit . roger bring up the rear . ( continued ) 55 continued : he lay a glove hand on father kayman to make he stop . roger ( whisper ) do you think dorrie 's still here ? kayman wait a moment to allow the other to walk ahead . kayman you want to see she ? roger I think I be ready , Don . I think I can handle it now . kayman stare at Roger a brief moment . then smile wide : kayman I think so , too -- and that 's why I already set up a meeting , rog . up ahead in the line , BRADLEY turn a little . notice that Roger and kayman have stop . he look interested . Roger squeeze kayman 's shoulder , warmly . they walk on . int --cold metallic elevator--night dorrie ride a elevator . nervously . take a cigarette from she purse , but then hesitate , and drop it back inside . put on a determine face . at the sound of the ding , dorrie instinctively move over to make room . sulie step on , offer dorrie a perfunctory nod -- until she realize who this woman actually be . sulie step quickly to the side . turn away . hitting the button . they ride in silence ... with essentially the same hair and the same color eye . they really do look alike . sulie try to stare off to the side , without be too obvious about it . dorrie try to get a good look at she , without seem like she 's do it . moment pass . dorrie lean forward . sulie turn more to the side . there be another ding . sulie squeeze through the door as soon . as they open wide enough , and rush down the hall . dorrie watch she go as the elevator slide shut . int --private dressing room --night roger pull up the zipper to he jumpsuit . underneath he 's wear a turtleneck that stop just under he chin . ( continued ) 56 continued : Roger pull he sleeve down so they hide the red tile on he wrist . with only he face and hand expose , Roger can easily pass as " normal . " he check the mirror . int --nondescript corridor --night father kayman wait . at the end of the hall , a elevator open and dorrie step out . the Priest walk to meet she but neither greet the other . they start down the hall . kayman you will be so proud of Roger when you see he , dorrie . dorrie I have always be proud , Don . kayman give up try to talk . they stop . open a door . int --small conference room --night dorrie step inside , and look around . just a average meeting room with a table and chair . dorrie put she purse down on the table . father kayman hover inside the doorway . as if he do not quite know what to do or say . he start to go . but before the door close all the way : dorrie thank you , Father . kayman look at dorrie a moment . then leave she alone . int --nondescript corridor - - night roger walk down a corridor , and stop at the elevator . he press the button . wait . look nervous . he check he jumpsuit , shifting the position of the zipper a bit . he run he hand through he hair . Roger seem to think about he hair . then he step down the hall to a door . int--nondescript restroom--night roger step in front of the mirror . his hair be in place but he take out a comb , and run it through a few time , anyway . seem satisfied . a bit surprised at the flush . one of the bathroom stall open , and a reporter emerge . the reporter freeze , see Roger , and immediately become animated . he rush forward as Roger head for the door . ( continued ) 57 continued : reporter 3 Colonel ! maybe you remember I from the press conference . Fred Thomas , Associated News . can I ask you a couple more question ? roger I be sorry . I think we answer ever conceivable que -- Roger almost reach the exit . but the reporter quickly squeeze between he and the door with dogge enthusiasm . int --nondescript corridor - - night father kayman round the corner , as if look for Roger . he pass the elevator Roger summon moment ago . there be a ding as the door slide open . kayman stop , stare at the empty elevator . behind he , sulie cross the corridor . she see kayman , and hesitates . stepping up . click on that sweet - nature , Texas school - girl charm : sulie Father . I hear you really wow ‘em tonight ! kayman oh , hello , sulie . I do not know . but thank you , anyway . sulie smile . but seem to give he the once - over , too . sulie I think I just see Roger 's wife a minute ago . kayman I have arrange a meeting between they . but shhhh . no one know . sulie nod . but when kayman turn away she face harden : sulie ( not quite casual ) oh. int --small conference room --night dorrie pace . like this wait be get to she . she pull out a chair , and sit down . just then bright light from the hall fill the room with the shadow of a man sneaking quickly inside . dorrie stand and turn around . ( continued ) 58 continued : dorrie rog -- dorrie stop . BRADLEY stand with he back flat against the door . like he know he 's somewhere he should not be . int --nondescript restroom - - night roger try to get past the dogge reporter . but fail . reporter 3 just one question , Colonel . one . Roger have little choice , unless he want to physically remove the reporter from the door . he resign himself . roger all right . just one . the reporter look like a kid in a candy store ... until he face lose all expression : reporter 3 what 's ... that ? Roger frown . like he do not get the question . what he have not realize yet be that milky fluid have begin to leak from he nose . his ear . from the corner of he mouth . Roger instinctively bring he hand toward he face and see the fluid leaking from he fingertip . Roger look stunne . start to back away when he body jerk with a violent spasm . milky fluid spurt from he mouth and splatter the face of the terrify reporter who scream . int --nondescript corridor -~-night father kayman and sulie turn at the sound of the scream . int --nondescript restroom - - night roger back away from the reporter . fluid rushing down he face , as if spilling out from every pore on he body . reporter 3 what the hell be you ?! int -- nondescript corridor -- night father kayman and sulie start move down the corridor . not know where to go , but move faster . running now . 59 int--nondescript restroom--night roger turn . see a tiny restroom window . Roger run at the wall and leap . he burst through the window -- much too small for he -- and take out most of the wall . the stunne reporter stare at the enormous hole . Wide -ey . ext --over 20 stories high -- night roger burst through the outside wall and keep go after the rubble around he have already arched toward the ground . it almost look like Roger be float . until gravity take over and he body plummet wildly toward the Earth , past the blurred build light behind he . int--nondescript restroom--night the door fly open and sulie rush in follow a moment later by father kayman . they see the jag hole in the wall . the Priest can only stare at the gape hole . but sulie immediately turn toward the frighten reporter as the newsman attempt to run past they into the corridor . reporter 3 let I outta here !!! sulie grab the reporter and throw he across the room . ext--hitting the pavement--night roger tumble and spin and manage to right himself just before he strike the pavement send chunks of concrete and dirt high into the AIR . there be a deafen doooom . int--nondescript restroom--night sulie land a martial art blow to the reporter that leave he daze . she follow with a perfectly - execute spin kick that send the unconscious reporter slide limply across the floor as father kayman look on in amazement . sulie march toward the hole in the wall , step over the body of the reporter like it 's nothing . kayman rush to he side . kneel . feel for a pulse . kayman my god . what have you do ? sulie place she hand on the jag concrete and look . sulie' p.o.v . look down , over twenty storey : it be ( continued ) 60 continued : dark . but the dim light from the building offer enough illumination to see cracked pavement and a deep hole in the ground . but that be all . there be no sign of Roger . sulie turn to consider kayman stand over the body of the reporter as military policemen rush through the door . sulie 's demeanor be different here . we have never see she like this before : her face be heavy with responsibility . and she voice be minus the TEXAS accent . authoritative . sulie take the one lie on the floor into custody . military police 1 yes , Major . the military policeman bend to retrieve the body . kayman frown . he stare acidly at sulie . she hold he gaze . kayman ( as if condemn she ) Nice to meet you , Major . int --small conference room --night BRADLEY try to approach dorrie but she back around the long table . gesture for Bradley to keep he distance : dorrie get out of here , Brad . Roger will be here any minute . BRADLEY it 's be terrible not be able to see you , dorrie . dorrie we do not have a choice . now , go . BRADLEY just tell I that you miss I too . dorrie ( just because she have to ) I miss you . I miss you . now go ! ext --outside the complex --night sulie step up . look down into the hole in the pavement as more military policemen climb on out , cover in dirt . ( continued ) 61 continued : sulie tell I he 's not bury in there . military police 2 not as far as we can tell . sulie ( not at all happy ) get some shovel ... and make sure . int --small conference room --night BRADLEY back dorrie into the corner , try to hold she . she slap first one hand away , then the other , before she simply weaken . Bradley take she , and pull she close . the door swing OPEN . they both turn ... and look relieved as father kayman enter . the Priest see Bradley there , clearly not approve , but do not address he directly : kayman ( to dorrie ) Roger be find out by a reporter . I be afraid he 's fle . dorrie what ? fled to where ? kayman I be hope he come here to see you but thank God that he do not . ( to Bradley now ) you be a damned fool . dorrie what should I do , Don ? kayman if Roger have leave the compound , there 's a good chance he will go home -- and if he do you should be there to meet he . dorrie think it over , and nod . kayman open the door : kayman do not take too long . kayman exit . dorrie offer Bradley a sidelong glance , move past he , toward the table , to retrieve she purse . BRADLEY dorrie -- ( continued ) 62 continued : dorrie ( interrupt ) look , we have fun , Brad . and we be lucky we can end it now before any real damage be do -- before Roger find out . now let 's say good - bye . dorrie turn to face Bradley . extends both of she hand : dorrie just say it . good-bye . Bradley stare into she eye . finally , take she hand . cuT to : dorrie and BRADLEY be skeleton . human skeleton that be somehow upright . holding hand and talk inside a unfinished build next to wall support and conduit . ext -- outside of the complex -- night roger watch they with glowing lense where he human eye should be . one side of he face be rip and the skin hang down but there be no blood . what 's underneath look like plastic . dried milky fluid on he face and on he jumpsuit . he do not move . crouches in the bush . the lense of he artificial eye glow red in the dark . ext --the compound perimeter --night a tall imposing fence surround the building of the man plus facility in the distance . footstep . roger hurdle the fence . just a blur . hitting the ground and run . ext--a crowded super -highway --night row of car . roger hurdle the highway . just a blur . ext --roger and dorrie' home -- night the SOUND of cracking timber . get louder . louder . roger burst through the tree and land in the backyard . int --roger and dorrie' home -- night look out through a glass door onto they yard : roger walk closer . his eye red glowing lense . face torn . his ripped jumpsuit revealing the tile he use for skin . ( continued ) 63 continued : Roger step up to the slide glass door ... and casually walk through it . like he do not even notice it . the door shatter , a shower of break glass fall like snow at he foot . Roger step into the room , and take a seat in a cushion chair . his two lense glow in the dark . ext --roger and dorrie' home -- night a military car pull up , and dorrie get out . she look up and down the block . black sedan litter the street . Rather ominous . dorrie turn and walk toward the house . int --roger and dorrie' home -- night dorrie enter the kitchen . turn on a set of light that illuminate the counter . she set she purse down , rest there a moment . then she lift a tea kettle . fill it with water . turn on the burner . dorrie walk into the family room -- and stop as she see the break glass door . dorrie spin . see roger in that chair and she scream . dorrie stumble back against the wall . grabbing for a handhold . her eye squeeze shut . when she open they : dorrie' p.o.v . Roger stand up . his skin hanging from he ripped face . jumpsuit tear revealing he body . his eye glowing . it be frightening . Roger close he eye with a whirring and , when he open they , they be normal . roger sorry . forget about my eye . the telephone ring . they both turn . look at the phone . roger that will be they , I would think . Roger step casually to the telephone . he do not appear angry , or upset . but in place of lift the receiver Roger instead crush the telephone . dorrie jump as Roger grind part of the phone to powder . then he turn : roger have a seat , dear . I would like to speak with you about something . int --sterile complex corridor --night sulie move quickly down a clinical corridor look like the nurse she always seem to be . flash a big Texas smile at some doctor she pass . sulie stop at a door . ( continued ) 64 continued : it be mark : " administrative statistics . " she knock . the spy - hole slide open , a eye peek out . immediately the spy-hole slide shut and after a klak the door open . int --administrative statistics -- night sulie step in , and she demeanor change . from girlish and pleasant to downright irritate . she carry herself with authority , nodd curtly at the men and women who look like FBI seat at they rolltop desk . they desk be open now revealing video and surveillance equipment . a inner door slide OPEN and sulie step inside a small antechamber . wait . after a moment , a second door open and sulie enter what look like a think tank : the wall on all side be enormous video screen displaying roger and dorrie in they home . Roger crush the phone with : roger ( come over speaker ) have a seat , dear . I would like to speak with you about something . sulie step up in front of a imposing table , and snap to attention . a grim panel of men and women stare at she with less - than -please expression . the CENTER man say : CENTER man Major . take one moment to collect you thought ; then please recount for we the event of the last few hour , add you recommendation for get we out of this mess -- a mess , we might add , that you be bring in to ensure we avoid .... sulie stand at attention . her face harden even more . int --roger and dorrie' home -- night dorrie lower herself stiffly into a high - back chair . roger maneuver himself so that he be behind it , out of she line of sight . for a moment dorrie try to see he . roger do not ... look at I . dorrie stop try to see he . sit back in she chair . dorrie I be sorry I scream like that . it be just that you surprised I . ( continued ) 65 continued : Long pause . Roger just stare at the back of she chair . dorrie the President say you be carry the fate of the human race on you back . half of everything that man say be a lie . but I do not think that be . you be a significant man , rog . you be always a famous one , and maybe that 's why I marry you . it be like be with a rock star . but you could always walk away , if you want to . this I do not think you be go to walk away from . the whistle of a boiling kettle invade the room . Roger do not move . just stare at the high back of she chair . roger ( so subdued it 's spooky ) why do not you go and get you tea . int --administrative statistics -- night sulie stand in front of that panel of grim men and women as the screen cover the wall display dorrie getting up and walking into the kitchen . nervously making tea . this shot be unusual , as if take from hide camera . sulie Father kayman be a friend of he . I suggest we send he in to bring Colonel torraway back . a disagreeing man at the end of the table lean forward : disagreeing man we have over two dozen agent on the street -- why not send they in ? sulie that would not be a particularly good idea . CENTER man you be not too popular with this panel right now , Major . sulie be that as it may , the Colonel be still relatively stable . order in agent will only aggravate the situation . send the Priest . now. 66 ext --outside of the complex --night father kayman rush outside toward a conservative car . not sporty . like a priest might drive . he get inside : kayman manual . kayman put he hand on the wheel ... but nothing happen . there be no roar from the engine . kayman look confuse . suddenly a mechanical voice emanate from the car itself : mechanical voice you voice register a high degree of stress , Father kayman . the Priest sit there for a moment . try to calm down : kayman I be ... fine . I would like to drive manually , please . Long pause . the Priest sit there , as if afraid to move . face strain with the effort of not appear strain . finally , a breathalyzer unit drop down from the ceiling . mechanical voice please breathe into this unit -- to verify that you be not under the influence of alcohol . kayman grab the device , and furiously breathes into it . the engine roar . the Priest grab the wheel , floor the gas pedal , and the car screech through the parking lot . int --roger and dorrie' home -- night roger watch dorrie as she re-enter the room hold a delicate tea cup and saucer . she do not look at Roger . immediately move back to she chair . sitting , stiffly . dorrie so what do you want to talk about ? roger Bradley . the cup in dorrie 's hand begin to clatter on the saucer . she quickly lift the cup from the saucer to stop it , she eye make it clear that dorrie be think furiously : dorrie what about Bradley ? ( continued ) 67 continued : roger you sleep with he . dorrie seem to deflate . she set the cup back onto the saucer , oblivious to the fact that it 's clatter again . she stare straight ahead . look absolutely wretch : dorrie I do not know how to deal with you . be you angry with I ? you do not sound upset . but then again , you never do . I do not think you have raise you voice in the last ten year . a wife should be grateful for have a husband like that ... but the truth be , after you save that stupid Russians , and become a hero , and be tell you would never fly on another mission , something go and die inside of you . and it 's stay dead ever since . short pause . Roger stare at the high back of she chair . roger that be what I do not understand . why would you do this to we now ? when everything 's finally go we way again ? dorrie go we way ? be that what you call let they take you apart and put you back together again ? roger why do you think I be do this ? dorrie laugh . peculiarly . as if face with insanity : dorrie be you go to tell I now that you be somehow do this for I ? i_know why you be do it , Roger . and I hope that you find whatever it be you be look for up there . and I hope it will make you happy . Long pause . Roger look so human , even with a tear face . roger I wonder , when I return from Mars -+- will you still be here , in this house , wait for I ? ( continued ) 68 continued : dorrie hold she tea cup . it look like she 's think . ext--calm residential STREET --night father kayman turn . his car screech around a corner . ext --roger and dorrie' home -- night father kayman drive wildly up onto the front lawn . he get out and run toward the front door . stop to think . then he immediately hurry around the side of the house . int --roger and dorrie' home -- night look through the shattered glass door : father kayman step into the backyard . try to see into the house . he move closer . step through the door look stunne . it be dark inside but clearly the house have be trashed . broken furniture litter the floor . the picture hanging crooked . jagged hole in the wall . it look like a wreck crew be here . one chair be still oddly upright in the center of the room . kayman try to see further : kayman dorrie ? Roger ? the Priest nearly trip . try to see in the dark . he walk past that upright chair without realize dorrie be sit in it . just as she be before . holding that tea cup and saucer . Father kayman turn and finally see she sit there . she bring the cup to she lip . take a sip . dried tear have leave river of mascara run down she face . dorrie return the cup to the saucer and : dorrie Roger ask I a question . and I could not bear lie to he again . ext --plowed field of corn --night roger amble through a plow field . it be pitch black . hard to traverse the swell row . Roger stumble along aimlessly . 's face slack . like he do not care . then headlight suddenly appear on the horizon . Roger stare at they a moment . a spotlight begin sweeping the field and Roger be pull from he trance . he hit the ground . Roger duck low as the light sweep over he . and then it be dark again . headlights receding into the distance . ( continued ) 69 continued : Roger watch the horizon a moment . then he roll over . lying on he back in the middle of a plow field . like a little boy might . stare blankly at the night sky . after a while , he look thoughtful . as if he 's focus on something in the sky . Roger lift he head a little : roger' p.0.v . a panoramic night sky filled with star . Roger 's inner metallic eyelids slide shut to a whirring . when they open , he stare up with he telescopic lense : roger' p.o.v . Roger look at that twinkle night sky . further . further . through the star we could see with the naked eye and beyond to dense constellation and to cloud of brilliant stellar matter . to wondrous astral body not usually see without a high - power telescope . Roger stare up with cold inhuman lense where he human eyeball should be . the lense change there focal point with a series of mute whirs . Roger search the star . below he cold eye , he mouth open in a look of wonder : roger' p.o.v . Roger scan the universe . scrol past brilliant array of star ; and now , come to rest , on a tiny red ball . the planet mar . the way it would look through large orbit telescope . a perfect red globe . Roger lie in the dirt . a look of euphoria on he face . ext--desolate country road -- night father kayman drive . look leave , right . peer into the blackness . there be movement in the sky and suddenly the headlight illuminate roger drop down into the middle of the road . kayman slam on the brake . but far too late . he be throw forward at the SOUND of a crash . the front of the car be dented in . Roger casually walk around to the passenger side , and get in . kayman look at he . Roger stare straight ahead out the windshield . he do not speak a word . kayman frown , and drive off . int --sterile hospital room --night sulie carpenter pace . wearing she nurse 's uniform . she stop when the door open : father kayman step in and move aside for roger . Roger do not make it too far into the room before sulie rush up in she Texas school - girl mode . give Roger a enormous hug . he return it . sulie oh thank heaven you be all right ! ( continued ) 70 continued : sulie look over Roger 's shoulder and exchange a terse look with kayman . but she voice be all warmth and joy : sulie ( cont would ) I be go worried about you ! int --administrative statistics -- night the enormous screen make up the wall be display roger be look over by doctor . one be repair he face . sulie come to attention before the panel of grim men and women . she notice that someone else be here in this room , off to the side , and she can not help but look . it be mission commander goddard stare back at she most intently . sulie seem momentarily surprised that he be there ... but she immediately stiffen again as she hear : CENTER man you report , Major ? sulie Colonel torraway 's fluid expulsion be a somewhat dramatic side - effect of what I be tell be a minor glitch in he system parameter . it will be correct within the next eight hour . the " witness " to the event be currently receive a series of injection which will sufficiently cloud recollection of the evening . Long pause . the panel stare back at she . very creepy . CENTER man and you psychological evaluation of Colonel torraway regard he relationship with he wife ? sulie I can bolster Roger up as long ag he 's here . however , when he 's on Mars , there 's a good chance he will miss she more than he can handle , eventually suffer a emotional collapse as he construct various scenario in he mind involve she probable marital infidelity . Long pause . the panel stare back at she . very creepy . CENTER man then , may we take it that you be suggest extreme measure ? ( continued ) 71 continued : sulie frown . think . as if try to understand he . sulie six ? I do not understa -- CENTER man ( interrupt ) thank you , Major . you may go now . sulie hesitates . then she turn on she heel and leave . int --the sterile corridor -- night the door mark " administrative statistics " open . sulie step out into the hall . lean back against the door . as if she 's glad to be out of there . but disturb , too . she frown . then shrug a bit , and start down the hall . ext --roger and dorrie' home --day dorrie step out of the front door , and walk to she car . get inside . she fumble with a large purse , rummage through to remove make - up . as if talk to she purse : ' dorrie ceramics shop . the engine roar as she car begin to back out the drive . ext--driving down the strip --day dorrie slide over to the passenger seat . she pull down she visor to peer into the mirror . look herself over . dorrie bring she compact to she face , and then lipstick . the brake pedal depress . the car stop at a red light . dorrie do not even look away from the mirror . after a beat , the steering wheel turn , the gas pedal depress , and the car make a successful turn onto a busier street . dorrie seem fairly satisfied by she face . then make a decision . reaching down and come up with she eyeliner . a semi -trailer approach , drive down the strip in the oppose lane . dorrie apply she make -up . she do not notice she steering wheel slowly turning . inching into the oncoming traffic . turn more . a little bit more . the truck blows its horn . dorrie frown and peek around the visor . that 's when the gas pedal drop to the floor . dorrie speed into a head - on collision with the truck and ( continued ) 72 continued : she car be shredd as it disappear under the bumper .... ext~-cemetery burial plot --day a priest read from the bible over the casket . gather around the burial plot be a assemblage of astronaut and there spouse , the man plus personnel , and grim secret service agent stand behind president deshatine . it look like rain . roger stare down at the casket of he wife . he look terrible . sulie stand right beside he . father kayman look up . stare across the casket at the President of the United States . deshatine look grieve , in a control presidential way . he lift he head and meet the Priest 's gaze . just for a moment . and with no visible reaction . kayman look back down at the casket . BRADLEY be stand back from the plot with one secret service man on either side of he . he look like hell . after a moment , the secret service Men take he by the elbow and lead he toward a row of car . Bradley stare back over he shoulder , but follow . reporter and t.v. crews line the perimeter . more agent keep they back . the Priest read from the Bible . and it begins to rain . Roger stand there . like a statue . umbrellas start to come out . sulie open she umbrella , move a step closer to Roger , and raise it to shield they both . but then : roger no. please do not . sulie hesitates . take the umbrella away . look up at Roger with concern . Roger tilt he head back . dust a little . letting the rain strike he face . the droplet burst and run down he cheek . like tear . Roger look back down at the casket . his grief almost overwhelming . roger my eye can do just about every - thing . but they can not cry . this be almost too much for sulie . she look like she 's about to lose it . watch he with true feel . she let the umbrella fall , stand with Roger in the rain . dissolve to : President deshatine be lead toward he car underneath a roof of umbrella hold up by he secret service Agents . Father kayman approach the group . he be immediately motion back by a agent until deshatine see he there . ( continued ) 73 deshatine Father . you be get drench . the Agents allow kayman under the umbrella . they walk . kayman do you think tell I you be plan on kill she be go to absolve you of you sin ? you be greatly mistaken , sir . deshatine dorrie torraway die in a auto accident . let 's not lose sight of that fact , shall we ? the President seem to get angry then . he stop walk . deshatine I be not the least bit interested in you absolution . and I do not have the time to grieve over the death of one silly woman . I have get the entire civilized world to look after -- and a man to land on the planet Mars . kayman listen . face grim . stand partly in the rain . deshatine ( cont would ) do you try talk Roger out of volunteering for this duty ? you be he friend -- how hard do you try and stop he ? do you tell dorrie , " Excuse I , but the pre - ident be go to get rid of you , if you do not play nice ? " do you really think I would want absolution from you ? you be in this up to you stiff white collar , Father . pause . deshatine seem all talk out . until he add : deshatine Donald , I do sympathize . you have work you entire adult life to be a part of this Mars mission . tell I , what 's really bother you : you role in the death of that poor woman we bury today ? or the fact that , if you have the chance to do it all over again ... you know you would still end up here in the cemetery , talk with I . ( continued ) 74 continued : President deshatine walk off , and the mass of umbrella follow he toward a row of dark sedan out on the street . kayman do not move . just stand there . in the rain . ext--sterile hospital room --night there be a knock on the door . but no response . after a moment the door open , and sulie peek in . surprise to find the light off . she strain to see in the dark . roger be at the window balanced impossibly on the top edge of a chair . gazing out the window . sulie step in : sulie Roger ? you all right ? sulie step closer . Roger do not respond . his back to sulie . when she get close enough , sulie can see that Roger be stare out the window at the night sky with he telescopic lense . he slowly turn . look down at she from he unlikely perch , the star reflected in he eye . roger there 's nothing leave for I here . int --large conference room --day man plus personnel line the long table . father kayman . BRADLEY . Mission commander goddard . NASA and technical staff recognizable from earlier scene . sulie stand up . sulie Roger be ready . he will never be readier . the longer he remain on Earth , the great the risk he will lose he current balance and begin a lengthy grieve process . at the head of the table , the co-ordinator seem pleased : co-ordinator well that 's fine news -- we prime launch date be seven week away . sulie I apologize for not make myself clear . Seven week be too long . Seven day be too long . if I have six more month with he I would take it . but seven week ? there be great risk than benefit . Roger be prepare to go to Mars . today . ( continued ) 75 continued : pause . everybody stare at sulie like they do not get it . co-ordinator what be it you propose , Major ? sulie Dr. Bradley 's intention be to route the Colonel 's perception through a computer to guarantee he do not suffer the same type of brain hemorrhage that kill Major hartnett . it should be a simple matter then to eliminate Roger 's sense of time , allow the seven week until launch to pass , from Roger 's perspective , in the span of a instant . BRADLEY whoa . wait a minute . I need the next seven week to fine - tune the balance between the computer , and Roger 's organic brain . I can not -- co-ordinator ( interrupt ) Brad . could not that adjustment be make while en route to Mars ? Bradley stop , and look around . as if a bit confuse . BRADLEY Excuse I , sir . to be honest , I assume that you be just about to inform I that I be no longer a member of the crew . everyone stare at the head of the table . most look a little embarrassed . like they know what this be about . the co-ordinator motion for sulie to sit , and she do . co-ordinator the feel among the higher - up be that since Dr. Bradley be the central drive force behind the man plus perceptual system specs , it be most imperative that he be retain as a member of the crew . sulie no offense intend , sir . but it be clear that Roger have be make aware of Bradley 's ... relationship with he wife . I would not advi-- ( continued ) 76 co-ordinator ( interrupt ) Major , Roger be go to spend the entire voyage to and from Mars sus - pend inside a cocoon . and while the rest of the crew be limited to a five - mile circle around the Mars camp , the man plus will be free to roam the surface with a unlimited radius ; and without need for water , food , or supplies . that be why we . if Roger be operate to capacity , the rest of the crew should have only sporadic physical contact with he , at best . Brad ? BRADLEY as Major carpenter have remind we , Roger 's perception will be route through he computer . so , when he see I , any animosity he may feel will be remove before the signal ean register on he brain . kayman I do not understand . why be that ? BRADLEY because feel animosity toward another member of the crew would run counter to mission objective . sulie look . I be worried about Roger 's mental state if certain type of natural emotion be prevent from even crossing he mind . ( see a opportunity ) you be go to require a train psychiatrist on board . best case scenario , someone with whom Roger have already forge a bond . the co-ordinator nod a little . he hold up a document . co-ordinator apparently someone agree . this be it -- the final crew roster for the Mars flight : Roger torraway ; mission commander , Steve Goddard ; Mars areologist , Father Donald kayman ; cyborg system specialist , Dr. Alexander Bradley ; and Major sulie carpenter . any question ? ( continued ) 77 continued : the co-ordinator wait only briefly . get up . the NASA technical staff rise , hurriedly collect they papers . co-ordinator thank you , and congratulation to one and all . it look like we be really go to Mars . everyone shuffles out of the room . everyone except the member of the Mars crew , sit there to the sound of footstep . and finally , a klunk as the door swing shut . camera move , pan the crew for the first manned mission to Mars : Father kayman sit stare straight ahead into space . he look like he do in the cemetery . his bright collar underline a torture face . next in line , sulie stare up at the ceiling , with a glassy smile . like she can not believe she 's really go . but , after a moment , some other think must pass through she mind , because she smile fade . Bradley be next . stare down at the document open on the table in front of he . he push the papers away , look down and off to the side . the camera move , to the end of the table . Commander Goddard be stare across at the other . as if evaluate they . moment pass . the Mars crew sit there . without a word . goddard well . just one big , happy crew . int --man plus surgical cube --day roger sit at the center of a electronic storm : panel blinking and computer whirring and wire stretching from he back to a portable computer suspend above the floor by thick support . a half -dozen technician hit switch and check the stat cascading up the screen . Roger sit on a chair cover with electronics like a cyborg throne . sulie watch the technician work . she smile at Roger : sulie the next time we speak , Roger , we will be in orbit around Mars ! at the center of the electronics , Roger put on a brave face . a astronaut face . he give sulie a " thumb -up . " sulie 's smile become less calculate , more genuine ... but then she smile fade all together . as if disappointed . Roger 's thumb be in the AIR . mouth stretched in a smile . after a few moment , it become clear that he 's not go to move from that position . he be frozen , like a statue . ( continued ) 78 continued : sulie Jesus . you be not gonna leave he like that , be you ? one of the technician turn . look at sulie . he frown and move over to a different console . turning a lever : close - up of roger' thumb . High in the air , give a big thumb -up . Roger 's hand turn sideways with a tiny whir . slowly . like a machine . then he thumb slowly take its place beside the other finger . after a moment , he fist uncurl and finally , with a whir , he arm slowly lower . the technician seem satisfied . turn another knob now : close - up of roger' smile as he mouth slowly turn down . in stage . like a machine . very soon the smile be go . ext --launch pad at the cape --day the mar rocket roll toward the launch pad on a platform with enormous tank tread . the rocket inch forward , literally at a snail 's pace , accompany by a ruuuuumble . ext --on the chero strip --montage the restaurant , hotel , and business lining the chero Strip display home - make sign read : " good luck , mar astronaut ! " and " mar , or bust ! " and " martian beware ! " tour buse up and down the strip . tourist spilling out . int --inside mission control --day the long rows of terminal that make - up mission control be swarm with controllers in white shirt and tie furiously work to bring they console to readiness . int --mar cockpit simulator --day commander goddard , father kayman , and sulie sit three across inside a command module simulator . they face as focus as if this be real . sulie keep check a control panel , and read off the number . Goddard have he eye focus on kayman work the thruster control . they all look disappointed as a piercing klaxon sound . int --man plus surgical cube --day roger sit absolutely still on he thick chair surround ( continued ) 79 continued : by blink and buzzing electronics . at a terminal off to the side , BRADLEY type away tap tap tap tap tap tap . he stop work . look beat . rubbing he tired face . Bradley stand . stretch for a moment . then he slowly walk from the room , leave the motionless Roger alone . int -- news anchor desk --newscast a nightly news anchor sit in front of a map of the world as the flag of the new people's asia appear with footage of a spacecraft descending from the sky under parachute . anchor what be intend to be the final orbital test flight of they Mars mau - V rocket appear to have end in a set-back for the New people 's Asia . detail be slow in come , but it have be confirm the crew be force to abort the flight be - 1 fore successfully achieve orbit . the NASA and mar mission logo appear beside a calendar . anchor so it would seem that America will again win the space race ... if NASA can pull off a successful launch before the close of the Earth - Mars alignment window in September . ext --launch pad at the cape --day the mar rocket roll toward the launch pad on a platform with enormous tank tread . closer . but not a hell of a lot closer . inching forward with a deep ruuuuuuuuuumble . ext --on the chero strip --montage tourist herd up and down the chero Strip . they pose for photograph next to cardboard CUT - out of the mar crew . the child run around with little GREEN martian mask . a family sit in a booth hold menus look up as the waitress appear wear a silly - looking " space " uniform . int --inside mission control --day the row of terminal that make - up mission control be on -line as controllers watch screen scrolling with data . 80 int --mar cockpit simulator --day commander goddard , father kayman , and sulie sit three across in the command module simulator . as focus as if this be real . they must do something right , because the light brighten , and then they all sit back and grin . int --man plus surgical cube --day roger sit motionless on he electronic chair . the room empty except for Roger , the glow from the blinking panel all around make he look artificial . the door slide OPEN , and sulie step in . stand back in the shadow . when she emerge it be clear that her hair be now blonde . sulie watch Roger a moment . pull up a chair . sit . sulie I do not know if you can hear I , Roger . the technician tell I what you be experience be the cyborg equivalent of sleep . if they know I be here they would probably laugh at I . sulie smile a little . of course , Roger do not move . sulie well . if you could see I , you would be wonder about my hair . this be my real color ; and this be my eye , without the tinted contact . do not think I be naive . if I be fifteen pound heavier , or a couple inch short , well , let 's say it be my resemblance to you wife that land I this job . I guess if I be not a size seven I would not be on my way to Mars right now , huh ? sulie stand up . almost tentative . she reach into the pocket of she jumpsuit and take out a framed photograph . sulie I have that photograph develop . sulie look down at it . grin . step over to Roger , and place the frame down on a tiny surface beside he chair : close - up of the photo . sulie be lean over Roger 's hospital bed kissing he on the cheek . Roger look more than a little stunne . wearing a goofy look on he face . ( continued ) 81 continued : sulie it be not all a lie . everything I tell you that day . you really be the bravest man I know . and I do have you picture on my wall . camera' p.o.v. sulie lean over and gently kiss Roger on the cheek . the photograph be in view , too . and the image be almost the same : sulie lean over . kiss Roger on that same cheek . the difference be that the Roger in the photograph wear a stunne , embarrassed , and very human face . but the Roger that sulie be kissing now stare straight ahead . without the tiniest sign of life . int --sterile complex corridor --day roger be be roll down a corridor . he must be naked under the sheet beca ' the red tile below he neck be visible . Roger stare at the ceiling . do not blink . roger' p.o.v . the ceiling of the corridor roll past . turn now . passing through a swinging door and roll under bright surgical light . after a moment , the masked surgeon who build Roger lean over . stare down at he . one surgeon hold out he hand ... and receive a scalpel . surgeon 1 all right . let 's make a martian . ext --rocket tower and gantry --day a elevator open and the mar crew step off . wearing spacesuits and lug oxygen unit . Goddard first , then Father kayman , sulie and Bradley bring up the rear . march slowly toward the OPEN cockpit atop the rocket . countdown ( v.0 . ) ten . ext --launch spectator stand --day spectator hold binoculars fill the stand . Far in the distance , the mar rocket point toward the heaven . countdown ( v.0 . ) nine . .. EIGHT . int -- normal live room - - montage entire family be cluster around the television set . ( continued ) 82 continued : countdown ( v.0 . ) seven ... six . int -- command module cockpit ~~-day the mar crew recline inside they cockpit . stare out clear helmet visor . nervous . the cockpit ruuuuuumbles . countdown ( v.o. ) five ... four . int --man plus flight cocoon --day a SMALL viewing slot on the face of a electronic cocoon . visible through the narrow open be a red hand . almost like a human hand , but with longer finger . like a claw . countdown ( v.o. ) three ... two . int --mission control facility ~--day the controllers sit absolutely still watch the screen . countdown ( v.o. ) one . we have ignition . lift -off . ext --mar rocket launch pad --day the Mars rocket rise atop a cloud of expanding flame . ext --launch spectator stand --day the spectator lift they head in wonder as the rocket blast toward the sky riding a blinding pillar of FIRE . int -- white house oval office --day president . deshatine sit behind he desk watch the launch on tv . his presidential aide stand beside he . deshatine be enrapture . the face of a child on the man . ext -- orbit around the earth --day the mar ship achieve orbit , the smooth surface of the exraft reflect the bright blue of the Earth below . the booster fire and eject , and the craft hurl into space . 83 int --white house oval office ~--day a reporter with the empty launch pad in the background kliks off as the tv goe blank . president deshatine lay down he remote . look pleased . the presidential aide begin place document in front of deshatine , recite : aide the garbage strike in New York be in its third week . the famine in eastern Europe be get worse . the n.p.a. nuclear submarine , the East be Red , be two mile outside the coast of Melbourne , Australia , and refuse to answer they hail . forty - one country -- so far - - have declare that if we Mars launch damage the ozone layer they will consider it a " hostile act . " the aide reach for a desktop computer and strike one key . immediately that chart see earlier appear , with the broad black line growing upward toward that red bar . aide and , the new trendline forecast predict a third world war by the end of this decade . deshatine watch the aide step around the table . sit. deshatine you think I have be play with my spacemen too much ? the aide do not respond . the President watch hin . he get up . wander over to the window , and stare out . deshatine for the sake of discussion , let 's assume that we be rush toward World War III . let we also agree that human history have be -- and will continue to be -- the record of mankind 's never -end struggle to annihilate he fellow man , and lay waste to - this beautiful world . in thirty year , we could have a Mars colony , with hundred of occupant . and if we succeed in blow each other to smithereen down here , I want that Mars colony up there , do not you ? maybe , on Mars , we will finally get it right . 84 ext --mar craft in space --day the final booster fire a blind burst of white flame . the burn quickly stop . but the booster do not eject : the booster module and command module begin to detach , split into two distinct piece , a metal tether line stretch between the module . the two halve continue to separate . float away from one another . further . and further . soon each one be just a glint of reflected metal one mile away from the other , the tether stretch between they , as if it simply disappear in the distance . thruster FIRE . the ship begins to rotate in a mile - wide arc . the star become a blur . from the command module or the booster the whole universe appear to be spinning . int --command module tour --day sulie stand in the cockpit . the seat and control panel appear to " face down " -- where the floor should be -- and sulie have to step carefully along the ledge so as to not tumble into the nose of the craft . she reach a set of rung , and climb , emerging onto level one [ the live quarter } and continue on past father kayman at a table eat colored paste . goddard riding a exercise bike . sulie emerge onto level two [ the science level ] which hold a cosmic ray shelter that resemble a bank vault , and the man plus electronic cocoon . BRADLEY type at a terminal set in the side of the cocoon . sulie climb on past , and reach a airlock door . she touch a pad and the door open with a whooosh . sulie enter the airlock : the airlock be line with spacesuits . the tether line actually extend into the ship here , like a thick pillar in the center of the room . at the base of this " pillar " rest a futuristic - look tether-rider . like a sort of two - seat space motorcycle . but in place of wheel , the vider feature a cylindrical base that hug the tether . sulie step onto the floor . look around . and then up : sulie' p.o.v . the ceiling of the airlock be actually the outer airlock door , the tether line visible through the porthole stretching into the distance ... and finally disappear into a dizzying universe of spiraling star . int --command module --montage the mar crew sit at the compact kitchen table spoon colored pastes and freeze -dried food onto they plate . eat this unappetize meal with surprising enthusiasm . ( continued ) 85 continued ;: dissolve to : the Mars crew enjoy a evening in they live quarter . father kayman and BRADLEY play chess . stare at the board . sulie read a book . goddard with he foot up , listen to a headset . moment pass . no one move a inch . finally , something happen : sulie turn a page . dissolve to : goddard step up beside a curtain in the wall . he look around once before knocking on the frame . the curtain slide OPEN , and sulie peek out , wear a undershirt , lie inside a sleeping chamber set in the wall . sulie blink , as if wake from a deep sleep . Goddard inquiry : : goddard would you like ...uh... company ? sulie look confuse for a moment . but then understand . she smile , shake she head , and slide the curtain shut . dissolve to : BRADLEY step up beside that same square curtain set in the wall . look around , he knock . wait . the curtain open -- and sulie stare out . look tired and piss . her expression immediately give Bradley he answer . he turn on he heel , and leave . sulie watch he go . then she grab the curtain , and roughly slide it shut . dissolve to : BRADLEY and goddard run side - by-side on treadmills with great passion and gusto . both man sweat up a storm . dissolve to : close - up of a control panel . quiet . suddenly , the panel come alive . a klaxon sound and the screen flash red with the word : '' incoming radiation . " a timer appear and immediately begin ticking down from fifteen minute . father kayman and sulie be hold food trays . frozen in they track . they frown . share a disappointed look . kayman ( call to the other ) we get a income solar flare in fifteen - - everybody in the shelter . dissolve to : the mar crew climb the rung to the cosmic ray shelter . ( continued ) 86 continued : they march in . the last in line swinging the door shut . dissolve to : inside the shelter . kayman , sulie , BRADLEY , and goddard look like too many people cramme into a tiny elevator . they stare at the ceiling . sigh . Bradley shift he position , and bump into Goddard , who bump into kayman , who bump into sulie . they all shoot he a dirty look . dissolve to : BRADLEY stand at the terminal set into the outside of the man plus cocoon . data scroll up the screen . after a moment , Bradley stop . he step to the SMALL viewing slot on the face of the cocoon . lean over to see in . camera' p.o.v. look from the inside of the cocoon out . the interior appear to be bathed in a red glow . the inside wall more blinking electronics . the only relief be Bradley 's face in the window . stare inside . dissolve to : close - up of a red hand inside the cocoon . almost a claw . dissolve to : sulie walk up to the cocoon . look around a bit , as if make sure she 's alone . sulie lean toward the slot . camera' p.o.v. look from the inside of the cocoon out . sulie peek in . take a moment to focus she eye . dissolve to : close - up of what could be part of a wing in the cocoon . dissolve to : father kayman step to the cocoon . hesitates . he look . camera' p.o.v. look from the inside of the cocoon out . Father kayman stare in . search the interior . focus on something . and make the sign of the cross . dissolve to : close - up of a red glowing eye . not human . not blink . dissolve to : close - up of a wide camera lens set in a computer console . a red light on the side of the camera indicate it be on . ( continued ) 87 continued : goddard be crouch down in front of the camera , father kayman and sulie beside he . BRADLEY be in the rear , but off to one side , as if keep space open for someone who be not there yet . they be taking off there wristwatch and replace they with new wristwatch . and do this rather ceremoniously . each raise they arm to display this new watch for the camera . holding this position . int -- NASA broadcast studio --day the room be line with screen displaying the image from outer space . the technician work at they console : camera move , down a row of screen . one screen seem to isolate that empty space next to BRADLEY . the next one in line add the dark outline of a human shape there . the next screen begin to fill in the shape with color . int -- news anchor desk -~-newscast a nightly news anchor pause as a window open over he shoulder show the mar crew exchanging wristwatch . Goddard crouch down in front . Father kayman and sulie beside he . Bradley be in the rear -- next to a image of roger torraway look as human as the rest of the crew . anchor aboard the command module Mariner this morning , the Mars crew cele - brate reach the halfway point in they journey -- by switch to watch that be design for the martian day . a day on Mars be 37 minute longer than here on Earth . the image be replace by fuzzy jerky footage that show something descending wildly down to the surface of mar . anchor although they arrival on Mars be still month away , the first wave of robotic lander -- send ahead of the crew -- have already begin they descent to the surface of the red planet . among the equipment be a land rover and a fuel synthesizer to generate oxygen and methane as xvequire to power they base camp . a simulation take the place of the live footage , show a robotic lander open up release a cable that begins to extend toward the sky , like some mechanical beanstalk . ( continued ) anchor one device be design to deploy a single cable from the surface through the atmosphere -- and into orbit above the planet . another simulation show the gentle curve of mar break suddenly by the cable as it rise all the way into space . anchor ( cont would ) the so-called " elevator to space " be only possible due to the weak martian gravity ; and be intend for the transfer of supplies and equipment between the orbit command module and the Mars camp . int --command module - - montage the mar crew gather together . they have never seem quite so familiar . kayman carefully position a camera . mar crew's p.o.v. a SMALL round porthole reveal star . spin . the universe be spinning . and then , there be something else : a tiny red ball move into view . about the size of a SMALL button . the bright red planet mar . dissolve to : the planet Mars move into view . the size of a golfball . dissolve to : the planet Mars move into view . the size of a baseball . dissolve to : the planet Mars move into view . the size of a softball . dissolve to : the planet Mars move into view . for the very first time it be bigger than the porthole . for a moment it block out the star . as if the entire universe outside be red . the mar crew be huddle together by the porthole , amaze by the view . stare in silence . Father kayman with he eye at he camera clicking frame after frame after frame . int --the man plus cocoon --day roger be suspend inside he cocoon . that red hand more ( continued ) 89 continued : like a claw . his red glowing eye stare straight ahead . the tip of a wing . suddenly , he finger twitches . the eye move . for the first time he entire body can be see but it be hidden in shadow . just the suggestion of a shape that be human , but not human . pulling against the strap keeping he in place . then again . violently . int --the live quarter --day the mar crew be huddle in front of they tiny porthole . stare out . after a moment , there be a mute thud . the Mars Crew frown . look confuse . then , another thud . int --outside the cocoon - - day the man plus electronic cocoon be alive with activity : the surface blinking . whirring . screen scrolling with data . father kayman , sulie , BRADLEY , and goddard stare . all just stand there , like they do not know what to do . without warning the cocoon goe dead . the light flicker off . the noise stop . the screen go gray . suddenly , they could hear a pin drop . what they hear be the latch slowly turning . there be a tiny klak as the door open . the door slowly swing away until it hit the side of the cocoon with a kunk . but nothing happen . the interior be dead . pitch black . then a red hand grab for a hold . more like a claw . two red glowing eye appear , point of angry light from somewhere in the dark . roger emerge . he be unclothed . his body cover in red tile , without human skin . Roger 's face be there , clearly recognizable , but he face be red -- and there be nothing to off - set the effect of he glowing red lense . Roger say nothing . not look at the crew . sulie be about to speak , when : Roger 's bat wing unfurl on either side of he . Red and translucent . the wing unfold . further . and still further . take the width of the capsule and , when they run out of room , curving around the perimeter . the wing move , expand and contracting , like the wing of a bat . Roger slowly turn he head toward the rest of the crew . his face lack any emotion . Roger look like a demon . ext --deep in outer space --day nothing but star . a glint of metal appear . it be the command module rotate at the end of its tether line . the module sweep past , disappear back into the star . 90 int --the live quarter --day the Mars crew sit around the table : roger at one end , perch impossibly on the top edge of a chair , he great wing gather around and above he , like some housebound gargoyle . kayman , sulie , and BRADLEY line the table with commander goddard at the far end . they can not take they eye off Roger , although they seem as if they would like to . sulie we be all happy you can finally join we , Roger . even though it be a bit of a surprise . everyone wait for Roger to respond , but he say nothing . Roger be absolutely still . only he wing rustle gently . goddard Bradley ? feel free to comment . BRADLEY either he do not want to talk or he can not . it 's as simple as that . goddard let 's assume for the moment that he can not . why would that be ? sulie can something be wrong with the interface between he brain and he computer ? BRADLEY I would not say that anything be " wrong . " that 's overstate it . kayman ( a bit too loudly ) you do not think there 's something a little wrong here ?! short pause . everyone give kayman a look . they notice that the Priest seem rather deeply unsettle by Roger . BRADLEY look . I realize this be not what we expect , but just because he be not engage in small talk -- sulie ( interrupt ) reger . do you know why the com - puter wake you up early ? ( continued ) 91 continued : pause . Roger do not respond . his wing rustle gently . sulie Commander , you ask he . he may respond to a inquiry from you . goddard rog . do we have a problem ? the answer be immediate . almost before Goddard finish : roger ( a inhuman voice ) yessssssss8sssss . pause . the quality of Roger 's voice seem to stun they . goddard . what kind of problem ? Roger touch a spot on the tabletop . a keyboard rise , and he begin tapping furiously , not even look at the key . the table turn into a screen and everyone watch the table scroll with ship blueprint and diagram . the graphic work they way down the course of the tether line to the booster module , highlight a inside panel . everyone shift in they seat to see a graphic of what look like a simple computer circuit . the screen blink . goddard when we disengage the tether , this circuit will blow . kayman I do not understand . how can Roger even know about this ? BRADLEY with Roger in stasis , he computer would not have a lot to do . so , it be design to act as a watch - dog to detect problem that the ship 's own navigate system would be too busy to detect . look like it do . sulie yes , it do . two hour from orbit . can we fix this in time ? goddard that 's a good question . how about it , rog ? do you think you can be - route this entire panel ? ( continued ) 92 continued : roger yesssssss8sss888s . goddard and can you complete the procedure before the orbital burn ? roger yessssss8sss8 ssss . goddard all right then . let 's go to work . they all start to go . but Father kayman stop they with : kayman be not anybody worried about Roger ? pause . everybody turn . look at Roger atop the chair . goddard he seem fine , for the time be . kayman be about to protest . but Goddard see it come : goddard ( cont would ) if something go wrong with that burn , we could bounce off Mars on we way out of the solar system -- or burn up in the atmosphere . do either of this sound appeal ? we first priority be this ship . sulie look . maybe I can have some time with Roger . a few minute , alone . Goddard look into sulie 's eye , and decide not to put up a argument . he nod he approval . turn to Roger : goddard rog. Major carpenter be go to speak with you . maybe , ask you a question or two . you understand ? Roger be balanced on the chair . his wing rustle gently . roger yesssssssssssss . ccut to : roger be still perch impossibly on the top edge of that chair . his great wing gather around and above he . ( continued ) 93 continued : like a gargoyle . sulie sit directly across from he in the oppose chair . posture casual . her expression not : sulie how be you feel ? Long pause . Roger do not respond . but , for the first time , he wing clearly stop there rustling . absolutely still . the silence be acute without that gentle rustle . sulie well . maybe we can come back to that one , later , huh ? Roger do not respond . but he wing rustle once more . int --inside the airlock --day BRADLEY wiggle inside the top half of he spacesuit hold in place on the wall . once inside , he lift the suit off the support , with a grimace . father kayman immediately go to work snapping latch and connect tube and hit switch to a fssssssssh . kayman be work like @ man possess . hitting a clasp here . pull velcro taut there . faster . and faster . and rougher . Bradley look irritate . kayman slam a latch down on the chest plate and , just as Bradley be about to complain , kayman grab the spacesuit and shove Bradley against the wall : kayman ( border on a threat ) what the hell be wrong with Roger ? Bradley frown . latch the mechanism at the base of he helmet with a klak , stare at kayman through the visor . BRADLEY I calibrate Roger 's system use figure transmit to I directly from the super - computer in Houston , double - check by a second locate at Los alamos , New Mexico . I know you may not think much of I , on a personal level . but I know my job . ( short pause ) can you let I go , please , Father ? kayman realize he be still hold he pin . let go . kayman ( control , but angry ) how can the figure they have be send you be so wrong ? ( continued ) 94 continued : BRADLEY I do not suppose they can be wrong . kayman but he personality be completely submerge , you see Roger . BRADLEY Don . I do not want to lie to you . we do what we believe we have to do to keep Roger alive . Truth be , no one know if he human identity would ever survive the procedure . ( short pause ) now we know , do not we ? int --the live quarter -- day roger be perch impossibly on the top edge of he chair . sulie sit across from he . Roger 's wing rustle gently . sulie be this mission important to you ? roger yessssssssssssss . sulie can you tell I why ? roger nnnnnnnnnnnnnno . sulie be the first man on Mars be a dream of yours , be not it , Roger ? the happiest moment of you life be that spend hang in orbit above the Earth , and on the moon . pause . Roger do not respond . his wing rustle gently . sulie could that be some reason why the mission be important to you ? roger yesssssssssssss . sulie how be you feel ? Roger 's wing stop there rustling . and again the silence ( continued ) 95 continued ; seem acute . sulie 's demeanor begin to visibly crack . like this be break she up . a difficult pause before : sulie I be honore to be here with you , Colonel , to witness the culmina - tion of all you dream . Roger be perch on the chair like a gargoyle . his face emotionless . great wing gather around and above he . int --inside the cockpit --day goddard wear a headset . he speak into the mouthpiece : goddard '' Colonel torraway will traverse the tether and re-route the panel . Dr. Bradley be the logical choice to accompany he in the case that Roger experience some difficulty . Houston , this message will take 20 minute to reach Earth . figure ten minute for you folk to come up with a response , and 20 - minute for you reply to arrive , I expect we will have this problem lick by then . it 's time like this when we realize how far away we really be . this be Mariner . out . int --on the science level --day father kayman position a headset into place . look up . kayman Bradley ? can you hear I ? bradley' voice yes . I can hear you . sulie step up . wearing she headset . she look up , too . int --inside the airlock --day roger sit in the first position on the tether-rider with the spacesuited BRADLEY in the second seat . both mount on a motorcycle that point up like a rocket . beneath ( continued ) 96 continued : they , set into the floor , rest the inner airlock door . through the porthole father kayman and sulie be visible stare up inside the airlock , with worried expression . there be a deep rumble . a bright sliver of light strike Roger and Bradley . grow wider . wider . Bradley look awed for a brief moment before he visor darken and he face be replace by the reflection of the star outside . roger and bradley' p.o.v . the outer door open to the void of space . the tether line stretch off toward the star , disappear into the distance , as if endless . outside the ship the whole universe seem to be spinning . ext --deep in outer space --day the tether-rider emerge from the airlock and start out across the enormous cable . roger and BRADLEY be bath in the bright harsh light of space . Roger 's wing expand to there full length . shimmer in the light . the ship abruptly recede behind they as they sail down the cable . inside bradley' helmet . Bradley make a sucking SOUND . int --on the science level --day father kayman and sulie share a look . goddard step up . kayman everything okay , Brad ? ext --deep in outer space --day look down at the tether from above : roger and BRADLEY sail across the cable as , below they , the universe spin . BRADLEY yeah . this be just ... one hell of aride . that 's all . Bradley turn stiffly . the command module be just barely visible . a glint of reflected light . then go . right now , they seem to be riding a cable stretch from one side of the universe to the other . there be some static : kayman' voice how 's Roger do ? bradley' p.0.v. look out through he fogging helmet visor : pan across spiraling star . turn toward Roger now . his wing seem to grow right out of he back . ( continued ) 97 continued : BRADLEY Fine . kayman' voice you be near the mid-point . can you see that on you tracker ? Bradley twist he body . tilting down , and to the side : close - up of a screen on the tether - rider 's console . the diagram of the ship there have a dot mark the mid-point of the cable . a blinking dot be quickly approach it . Bradley 's glove hand wipe away a layer of space dust . BRADLEY yes . it 's work . I can see it . Bradley lean over the console . the distorted reflection in the corner of he helmet visor show Roger sit in the front seat . suddenly , the reflection move . Roger retract he wing , and turn around . Bradley 's visor reflect a distorted image of roger perched menacingly on the cycle . like a gargoyle . Bradley turn back around : BRADLEY rog ? a distorted image in he visor of a fist rushing closer . BRADLEY AAA -- Roger 's fist burst bradley' helmet and jagged shard of shiny visor spiral away beside perfect sphere of blood . int -- on the science level --day father kayman , sulie , and goddard stiffen . step closer . kayman Brad , what be it ? what 's wrong ? nothing but static . the Priest touch he mouthpiece : kayman ( weaker ) Brad ? int --inside the airlock --day dark . then a panel slide OPEN . sulie and goddard be look down through the visor of they spacesuits . for ( continued ) 98 continued : a moment there be nothing but echoed breathing from they suit . then a hum as something rise . Goddard and sulie step back as a second tether -rider emerge from storage . they exchange a look across the top of the rider . grim . ext --deep in outer space --day the airlock open revealing sulie and goddard atop the tether-rider . Goddard in the first position and sulie in the second . they face be visible for a moment before they visor darken leave only the reflection of the enormous tether disappear into a spiraling universe . they ride out into the void on a cable across the star . int --on the science level --day father kayman pace back - and -forth . finally , can not wait : kayman Major ? you see anything ? ext --deep in outer space~-day sulie and goddard ride the tether . Goddard lift a thick glove and point . suliie slowly lean to look around he : sulie and goddard be p.o.v . the tether stretch on into the distance . but there be something above it . whatever it be flash like a lighthouse . as if it be rotate . sulie yes . something up ahead now . the object in the distance take shape , no longer a glint ef light without clear boundary . it have arm and legs . become a spacesuit float above the cable . rotating . sulie oh , god . it 's Brad . Goddard manipulate the control and they pull to a stop underneath the spacesuit . as what 's leave of the suit rotate around , they can see that the visor be shatter , and there be nothing in the helmet but blood splatter on the interior . as if Bradley 's head explode in there . sulie 's breathing suddenly come faster . still faster . sulie shit . I be gonna be sick in here . ( continued ) 99 continued : sulie and Goddard lean back , a distorted reflection of the spinning spacesuit on there helmet visor as Brad 's dead body rotate around again , the burst faceplate like some sick , twisted caricature of a wild laugh mouth . sulie 's breathing begin to slow . they stare up at what remain of Bradley . in contrast to the cold artificial look of they spacesuit , and the universe around they reflect in they visor , they voice sound very human : goddard Major . you all right ? sulie I think so . why be he spin around like that ? goddard he be not . we be . sulie oh ... yeah . right . sulie lean over . look at the console see earlier : a diagram of the ship show they be at the exact center of the tether . the blinking dot mark the location be the only point on the ship that appear to remain stationary . sulie we be exactly half - way across the tether . the ship rotate around this central point . int --on the science level --day father kayman be listen . his eye move . confused . kayman so , what be you say ? sulie' voice I be say that Roger kill Brad at the only point along the cable where we could retrieve he body . ext --deep in outer space~-day sulie and goddard watch the dead body rotate above they . sulie ( cont would ) could be a coincidence , or maybe Roger want we to find he . ( continued ) 100 continued : kayman' voice what be we go to do ? there be no response . sulie shift she position a bit . sulie Commander ? inside goddard helmet . Goddard stare out through he helmet visor . look grim . sweat run down he face . it take he a moment to realize he have be address . goddard let 's bring Bradley 's body down . sulie reach to the waist of she suit . pull out a hook and line from the belt . attaches the hook to the rider . sulie stand up , and push off . floating up toward the body spin above she . like a skin diver rise to the surface of the water . her breathing come a bit faster . Goddard watch . sulie above he reflected in he visor . close - up of sulie' glove hand approach a hook set in the chest plate of Brad 's suit . no sound but breathing . sulie float closer . the thick tip of she finger about to make contact ... when suddenly her hand be pulled away . sulie be spun around . Goddard be manipulate the rider control . hurling down the tether pulling sulie behind he . she begin to spin at the end of she safety line . helpless . arm and leg outstretch . breathing rapid . sulie Commander ? there be no response . Goddard 's face hide behind a visor reflecting the star . he reach a glove hand to the console flipping a series of toggles to great static . int --on the science level --day father kayman jerk as static rip through he headset . kayman Major ? what 's the matter ? sulie ? ext --deep in outer space --day sulie spin helplessly at the end of the safety line , she breathing come in furious wave . below she , goddard be ( continued ) 101 continued : press the tether - rider forward , he face hide behind he visor . pull sulie along like a water skier in the sky . Goddard lean over stiffly . look at the console : close - up of that screen . the diagram of the ship show they current location with a blinking dot . Far now from the center , the dot be clearly rotate in a wide circle . Goddard stop the rider ... but sulie keep go , float over he to the front of the cycle , until the safety wire go taut and she stop . spin wildly now . breathing frantically . reflected in the visor of Goddard 's helmet . inside goddard helmet . Goddard watch sulie float above he . he be drench with sweat . look like he would rather be someplace else but know that 's not possible : goddard I be truly sorry , Major . Goddard 's thick glove hand take hold of the safety line anchore sulie to the tether-rider . then he unhook it . inside sulie' helmet . sulie watch Goddard wide -ey . sulie' p.o.v. sulie 's breathing be deafening inside the helmet . through she fogged visor Goddard and the tether line begin to move away . rotating on its mile - wide arc . sulie release a torture scream as the universe suddenly stop spinning around she . the tether line receding into the distance . Goddard and the tether - rider already too small to make out . sulie hang alone in the empty void of space . spin slowly . finally she scream stop . and then there be only the lonely sound of she breathing . int --on the science level --day father kayman stand helpless . tapping he microphone : kayman Major ? Commander ? come in . the Priest stand there look worried . his expression deepen as a familiar klaxon sound . kayman turn to see a computer panel coming alive . the screen flash red with the word : nincoming radiation . " a timer appear and immediately begin ticking down from thirty minute . kayman oh , Lord . be anybody receive I ? please respond . hello ? ( continued ) 102 continued : camera' p.o.v. looking in from the outside : the open airlock reveal the inner airlock door and , through the porthole set in the door , kayman be visible stare up and out into space . look helpless . and quite alone . ext --deep in outer space --day goddard sail across the tether toward a glint of light that become the booster module . soon it dwarf he . Goddard ride the tether inside and disappear from view . int --the booster module --day a inner airlock door open and goddard climb down into a module that 's all pipe and tank . Goddard reach the bottom . look around . as if search for someone . he open the mechanism at he neck and remove he helmet . not easy . he look exhaust . Hair matte to he head . Goddard step down a row of tank give off steam that hang in the air like a thick wet fog . he see a panel with a tangle of jury -rigged wire protrude . he stop . Goddard look over the work . behind he , the dense steam suddenly clear ... and roger be visible stand between two large tank . his red eye glowing . the steam around he seem to catch the red . his face cold . no emotion . goddard good work , rog . we will be able to disengage the tether , and perform the orbital burn , without blow the booster . pause . Roger seem to want to speak . but it look like it 's a struggle . finally , he manage to open he mouth : roger this sssssship izz2z2z2z2z wrrrrrong . Goddard turn . look Roger over , as if surprised . nod . goddard that 's correct , Colonel . you work here be a band -aid . four day prior to launch , we boy at the cape find a design flaw . this ship will lose 60 % of its power twenty - seven hour after achieve orbit around Mars . I be afraid this mission be doom to £ail ... before it ever begin . ( continued ) 103 continued : Roger take one step from the steam . Goddard move back . goddard it 's a goddamn shame . but we do have to go before the launch win - dow close -- if we want to get a two - year head start on the asian . Roger take a second step forward . Goddard move back . goddard ( cont would ) unfortunately , the ship will not have enough power to support four human crew member during the five month trip back to Earth . Roger move forward , he wing conform to the space between the tank . Goddard back away . look nervous . goddard I assume some part of you realize you have be program to dispose of the rest of the crew . in case you be wonder , my order be to get you down to Mars . at any cost . Roger reach Goddard . lift he off the floor , and pin he against a tank . hard . Goddard grimace with pain : - goddard the one thing I be not sure of yet be whether you have be program to kill I too ... Roger raise he fist into the air as if about to strike . Goddard flinch before the blow . but he keep talk : goddard ( cont would ) ... or if you be just suppose to frighten I into obey order . Goddard close he eye . but nothing happen . he open they . Roger have unclench he fist . after a moment , he lower he to the floor . Goddard fall back against the tank . bent over a little at the waist . breathing hard . goddard yeah . of course . keep the pilot . close - up of roger . for the first time there be a hint of expression there . pain . he fight to get out the word : roger hhehhhhhhhhhhhhelp meeereeeeeeeeeee . ( continued ) 104 continued : Goddard stare up at Roger . as if they be both damned . goddard I be sorry , Colonel . but there 's nothing I can do for you . we have get a burn come up . you need to take care of the priest . now . Roger stand there for a moment . his wing rustling . then he abruptly turn ... and disappear into the steam . ext --deep in outer space ~--day a open appear on the booster module spew bright light into space . roger climb out . just a demon shadow in the middle of the light . perched on the side of the booster with he wing gather around he . Roger leap . Roger float in space and he wing unfurl to they full length . like a enormous space bat . immediately the star stop spinning and behind he the booster recede into the distance . Roger hang in space . his eye glow . nothing . and then , a glint of metal appear . become the command module make its sweep through space . Roger float directly in its path . suddenly , he look tiny . the command module sweep past taking roger with it . on the outside of the ship , Roger slide across the surface claw for a grip -- the metal crumpling as he grab hold . the ship continue on . a winge passenger on its back . ext --deep in outer space --day sulie float alone in space . no sound but she breathing . spin a little . she stare out she visor . with the vacant stare of the dead . then , she eye seem to focus . in the distance something be blocking out the star . it get larger . larger . the tether line . move through space without a apparent beginning or end . the cable grow thicker . barrel toward the defenseless sulie . the tether pass under her disappear in the distance as quickly as it appear . sulie hang in space . alone . but it be clear from she expression that she be think . int --on the science level --day father kayman pace back - and -forth look helpless . he turn as he notice a GREEN light flashing . kayman step ( continued ) 105 continued : over to the console and hit a switch . immediately the screen come alive : a NASA technician obviously sit inside mission control . he be pleasant and professional . technician Mariner , Houston here . received you transmission and we confirm you eva to the booster - - glad to see Colonel torraway be work out . best of luck . Houston out . and the image blip off . kayman stare at the screen , like he do not know whether to laugh or cry . behind he the porthole be visible . nothing but spiraling star on the other side . then roger appear . crawl across the outside of the ship . Roger stop and stare through the porthole at kayman . red eye glowing . after a moment he crawl away . kayman turn toward the porthole just as Roger disappear from view . the Priest never see he . ext --deep in outer space --day sulie be snap into place a flimsy - look device that geem to semble from she belt . arm , handgrips , and what appear to be tiny jet : a emergency thruster pack . sulie lock the grip into position ... and look surprised as she hear a ridiculously - pleasant female voice begin : female voice hello ! you have assemble you emergency thruster pack . you now have 15 second of maneuver thruster available ! sulie hesitates , as if nervous . then she thumb depress one of the grip and a flash of white heat from the jet send she into a vicious spin . her breathing get faster and faster as she spin . her other thumb depress its grip , and a opposing burst slow she . stop the spin . female voice hello ! you now have 8 second of maneuver thruster available ! sulie look terrify . breathing . she steady herself . Hit one grip , and then the other . manage to turn herself completely around and to steady herself in place : female voice hello ! you now have 4 second of maneuver thruster available ! sulie look close to pass out . sweat pour down she ( continued ) 106 continued : face . she shake she head . strain she eye to see : sulie' p.o.v . her visor be fogged . breathing deafen inside she helmet . something be come now : the tether . sulie hit the thruster and drop down into the path of the cable hurl closer . for a moment it look like she will reach it , but then it become clear that sulie have time she maneuver incorrectly and be floating too low . female voice hello ! you be out of maneuver thruster . sorry ! Inside she helmet , sulie look frantic . the tether about to pass above she . she reach for a device strapped to she leg . it snap free and immediately expands into the shape of a hook . sulie stretch she arm . the hook catch the cable and the universe start spinning wildly around she as sulie be drag along behind the tether . int --the command module --day father kayman frown at the manual open in front of he as he move switch on a computer terminal . wiping the sweat from he face . he lose he place in one book , and furiously flip page to find it . hitting more switch . the screen run a diagram of the ship highlighting spot along the tether . " tether disconnect " flash . then a graphic of a orbital approach play show the command module entering orbit around mar with : " orbital lock . " a panel slide OPEN and a large red button emerge from the terminal cover by a protective shield . the Priest read the manual . use a key to unlock and pull it down . kayman step back . as if away from that big red button . kayman ( into he headset ) hello ? be anybody read I ? roger' voice yesssssssssssss . kayman turn to see roger in the shadow . his red eye be visible . the tip of he wing extend into the light . kayman Roger . what 's go on ? roger rrrrrrrrrrrrrrun awayyyyyyyyyyyy . ( continued ) 107 continued : Roger step from the shadow . his face show emotion . a look of great pain and anguish beneath he glow eye . roger ( more human than before ) rrrun away . before I kill yyyyou . Father kayman look too terrify to move . then he take one step to the side and drop through the hole to the level below . the Priest hit the floor hard and grunt . roll . he rise to he foot as roger drop down behind he . his wing follow he like a great predator bird . kayman scramble to a hole , and drop into the cockpit . he fall past the seat , landing brutally on top of the control panel directly between two porthole revealing the spiraling star . kayman be at the tip of the ship , with nowhere else to go . he look up . nothing . then roger appear . hanging over the cockpit open like a animal . get ready to leap . kayman look terrify . his finger frantically search the console for a switch . find it . kayman slam he fist down . Roger make a move to swoop down but the bulkhead slide close . Roger hit it with a deafening doom . kayman watch the metal crumple as Roger punch from the other side . doooqooom . ext --deep in outer space --day sulie rest on top of the tether line . hanging onto the thick cable , like a child to a inner tube . no sound but she breathing . all around she the universe be spinning . sulie begin to crawl . the tether seem endless , and she breathing be strain . sulie stop at a hatch set in the cable with a inset knob . she wipe the thick dust away . sulie lean close to read the instruction . she reach a glove hand into the recess and try to turn the knob . no sound but she heavy breathing . the knob will not budge . sulie pause to rest , and then she body seem to stiffen : sulie' p.o.v . the visor be so badly fogge it be almost impenetrable . her breathing deafening . but , through the fog , there be movement : goddard riding the tether line . sulie read the instruction again , she breathing get frantic . use both hand on the knob . it turn . the panel open revealing the hollow interior of the tether . sulie clumsily scramble to maneuver she thick spacesuit through the small open and down into the hollow cable . 108 int --thru the tether line --day sulie find herself inside a long , dark , metal tunnel . no light except that come from the open panel above she and the illumination from her spacesuit . her visor turn clear and , through the fogge glass , she face be visible . sulie 's expression harden . she begin to pull herself through the cable . like a combination of crawl and float . not much room . it look incredibly difficult . her torture breathing come in between she movement . sulie pull herself along . the dim yellow light on the spacesuit illuminate only a few foot in front of she . ext --deep in outer space --day goddard ride the tether . his glove hand grip the control . he stop the rider , and lean over . reflected in he visor be the distort image of the OPEN panel in the cable . his thick glove squeeze the control and the tether speed over the open . further . still further . suddenly , Goddard stop the rider . dismount . drop to he knee onto the tether and bend over something : a second access panel lead to the inside of the cable . int --the command module --day dooom . the bulkhead bend as Roger strike it again from the other side . wo not last much longer . father kayman look around , frantically . he spot a AIR vent in what from he point- of - view be the ceiling . Big enough for a person ? kayman hurry to the grill , and pull it loose . int --inside a AIR vent --day kayman put he foot on a chair , and hoist himself into the vent . tight. incredibly tight . the Priest grimace as he hug the wall of the shaft to pull himself inside . there be a incredible wrenching SOUND and roger appear . stare up into the vent after kayman with inhuman eye . kayman pull himself through . pass a grill open : kayman' p.o.v. look through the grill out onto the live quarter . suddenly , Roger leap through the hole in the floor up from the cockpit . crouch for a moment like a predator . then run for the vent and kayman . the Priest frantically pull himself up the shaft just as Roger make contact and the metal below he crumple . ( continued ) 109 continued : part of roger' arm and wing have broken through . they look stick . Roger struggle to get free and release a deafening inhuman shriek . kayman keep crawl , faster . int --the live quarter --day roger be stick . he claw at the metal ... until suddenly he hand stop in mid-air , shaking , as if Roger 's try to stop he arm . Roger stumble loose from the wall . jerk wildly like he can not control he body . he stop himself in the center of the room . stand there like a man with the shake . suddenly , he sping crazily and he wing expand slicing and scraping the wall . again Roger manage to stop himself . his face show the struggle : roger sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssstop . Roger fall to he knee . his expression suddenly quite human . he look frantic . like he know he do not have much time . Roger reach over he shoulder and try to get at the rectangular shape in he lower back . he can not reach it . seem to get angry . Roger stand and hurl himself backwards crashing into the bulkhead . again and again and again . as if attempt to smash he computer . close -up of the computer on he back . be bent a bit . some of the red tile come loose revealing silver metal underneath . another crash , and electronics be visible . int -- on the science level --day father kayman appear behind the grill on the wall . he grab the grate , push , and tumble out onto the floor . int -- the live quarter --day at the sound of the mute thud from above , roger freeze . like a animal that 's just detect prey . his expression become lifeless again as he immediately rush forward . int -- on the science level --day father kayman extend he hand toward the big red button . kayman ( as if in prayer ) forgive I .... kayman press the button . immediately five round light ( continued ) 110 continued : activate beside the switch . the fifth light goe dark accompany by a beeeep . like a timer . or , a countdown . roger leap up through the floor . Father kayman turn , look terrify . Roger grab he by he flight suit and throws he across the room like a rag doll . kayman hit the bulkhead , and crumple lifelessly to the floor . int --thru the tether line --day exhausted breathing . sulie crawl through the cable , the dim light illuminate only a few foot in front of she . int --on the science level --day father kayman lie motionless . roger move toward he . close -up of that five light . the fifth be out and now so be the fourth . the third light goe out to a beeeeep . int --thru the tether line --day sulie crawl . her helmet light illuminate nothing but the same endless metal wall . she crawl . breathing . suddenly , the dim yellow light reveal goddard two foot in front of she . his grim face visible through he helmet bubble . look forebode in the sickly light . int --on the science level -~-day roger crouch before father kayman . his wing stretch around and above he . like a gargoyle . he move ever so slightly . as if Roger be get ready to jump . kayman begin to stir , face grimace in pain . he see Roger . kayman raise he arm up over he face as Roger leap . close -up of the terminal . four light dim . the last light blink out with a beep and the entire ship rumble . the craft violently tilt and Father kayman slide across the floor . Roger 's jump be throw off and he crash into a control panel , smash it , as ship alarm go off . int --thru the tether line --day goddard reach for sulie as the tether line crack OPEN beneath he . the harsh light of outer space illuminate Goddard 's terrify face before he visor darken and reflect the star . the open in the tether widen and ( continued ) 111 continued : Goddard almost tumble out . he grab for a hold . his leg stick inside one half of the tether -- and he arm hold on to the other half . like a Saturday cartoon . sulie see she opportunity and frantically crawl across goddard back . use he body as a bridge across open space . sulie pull herself inside the other half of the severe tether line as goddard spiral out into the void . sulie breathes faster . faster . crawl away from the endless spinning universe at the end of the gape hole . ext --deep in outer space --day the maneuvering thruster on the command module engage release short burst of white heat . the module roll . int --thru the tether line --day sulie grab for a handhold as the interior of the cable rush furiously past her . behind sulie the OPEN end of the tether race closer . closer . just as she be about to be hurl into space sulie raise that metal hook , drag the tip along the inside of the cable to SPARKS . there do not seem to be anything for it to grab onto . OPEN space rush closer . suddenly the hook catch on a joint -- and stop -- but so quickly that sulie can not keep a grip . her thick glove slide down the handle . and off . sulie release a terrified scream as she tumble out into space . for a moment , all look lose ... until she suddenly jerk to a stop . there be a thin safety wire connect the handle of the hook to its compartment on sulie 's thigh . she dangle helplessly , trail behind the ship . int --the command module --day the module be dark . the light furiously blinking on the face of the computer create the illusion of a wild strobe . roger be tangle inside the remain of the panel he collide with . he rip the metal like paper . father kayman be crumpled in the far corner . he begin to stir . the computer screen display some graphic of the command module . separate from the booster module , and clearly trail a section of the tether . the word " tether disconnect complete " appear , and then " orbital approach . " Roger pull a twisted chunk of metal free and toss it aside . his glowing eye scan the interior . Spot kayman . ( continued ) 112 continued : close - up of a speaker set into the face of the computer : artificial voice Zero-gravity in three second . Father kayman open he eye . see Roger move toward he . the strobe effect from the blink computer bathes the entire capsule alternately in deep darkness follow by a moment of harsh light . Roger be nothing but two red eye in the darkness . a demon come to life in the light . with each burst of the light Roger be closer , and closer . kayman lay there . daze . then he expression change : kayman' p.o.v . the capsule go dark again . Roger be nothing but a set of eye . when the light come back , kayman do not see Roger : in he delirium the Priest see satan -- the Devil himself -- with exaggerated feature and two red horn . the Devil 's hideous mouth open in a grotesque grin . gesture . as if beckone the priest . kayman look terrify . eye wide . then he face twist in defiance . in anger and disgust . the Priest scream : kayman no0000000000000000000000000000000 ! close - up of the speaker set in the face of the computer : artificial voice Zero-gravity . every loose item in the capsule suddenly rise into the AIR . spoons and paper . chunks of metal Roger tore off . roger be lifted off of the floor . his wing flap wildly send floating object hurling across the capsule . he flail in mid-air . helpless . kayman rise off the floor too , but manage to steady himself against the bulkhead behind he . the Priest be still wear a craze face as he suddenly push off from the bulkhead float through the debris and plucking a spiraling fork out of the AIR . kayman strike Roger in the back and they both tumble off through the compartment . end-over - end . Roger 's wing looking wild . like a bat 's wing . the Priest hold on for dear life as he plunge the fork into Roger 's back again and again scream like a madman . his blow land fruitlessly against Roger 's hard red tile . but every so often the Priest manage to hit the exposed electronics . Roger and kayman strike a wall tumbling off the other way through the debris , the Priest plunging the fork into the ( continued ) 113 continued : expose computer to SPARKS , again and again and again and roger thank you , Father . kayman stop . holding onto Roger 's shoulder , like a boy get a piggy - back ride from he father . they tumble , gently , through the different level of the ship . that great wing under control . roger' face have expression : roger ( cont would ) I think that will do , very nicely . Roger extend he wing . make contact with the wall to stop they tumble . Father kayman look stunne , but relieved . the inner metallic eyelids close over Roger 's eye to a whirring . and when they open , the red glow lense have be replace by Roger 's regular human eye . suddenly the silence be break - - as a klaxon sound . they both turn to look at the cosmic storm terminal . the word " incoming radiation " still flash , as before , but now that timer read : 00:00:30 . thirty second to go . roger solar flare come in -- we better get you into the shelter , Father . Roger begin to make a move ... and that 's when they hear it . over the radio . it be so faint , and bury in the middle of so much static , the sound can almost be miss : sulie' voice 22Z... any ... ZZZ ...one ... Z22Z...ere ? kayman Roger . she will cook out there . ext --deep in outer space --day sulie dangle at the end of she safety line . Inside she helmet , she be barely alert , sweat rush down she face . int -- the command module --day roger float up toward the airlock . use the wall and the outcropping to propel himself further . and faster . int -- inside the airlock --day roger grab a bulkhead to steady himself . make a fist . ( continued ) 114 continued : Roger crush a control panel revealing wire underneath . int -- on the science level - - day kayman float into the shelter and swing the door shut . ext~--deep in outer space --day sulie hang in open space . helpless . spin a little . int --the command module --day close - up of the timer as the counter scroll to 00:00:15 . int --inside the airlock --day roger grab a handful of wire , turn toward the outer door . his inner metallic eyelids close and , when they open , Roger be stare out with telescopic lense . he jerk the wire loose . the outer door blows OPEN with a deafening rush of AIR as Roger be blown out into space . ext --deep in outer space --day the command module recede into the distance behind roger as he be blow down the length of the tether . his wing expanding to they full size . eye reflecting the star . inside sulie' helmet . sulie open she eye just barely : sulie be p.o.v . through she fogge helmet visor , Roger be visible . like some great winge creature out of myth , emerge from the heavy mist . Flying closer and closer . Roger reach sulie , and take she into he arm . pulis she close . engulf she . enormous wing folding around her . encase sulie . wrapping around they both with a precision and a gentleness of touch not see before now . int --the command module --day close - up of the timer as the counter scroll to 00:00:00 . ext --deep in outer space --day roger float in space . sulie safe in he wing . there 's nothing there ... but Roger seem to be watch something . ( continued ) 115 continued : roger' p.o.v . the empty void be something else entirely to Roger . the radiation arrive in a swirl of shape and color . a dazzle display no human be will ever see . int --inside the shelter --day father kayman wait inside the cosmic ray shelter . seem to pray as he do . suddenly , the door automatically open . the Priest look relieved , and start out , when the shelter porthole slide OPEN . kayman rush to the porthole . he wipe the perspiration away , and peer out . camera' p.o.v. looking in from outside the spaceship : through the small perspire porthole , Father kayman be visible , wiping the glass , and try to see through . he squint . and then he see they . the Priest stare into space , with a expression of surprise , and profound joy : kayman' p.o.v . through the sweat porthole the tiny figure of roger be visible . look like some beautiful , strange thing . his gossamer wing wrap around sulie . int --inside of he wings~-day Roger 's wing look soft and comfortable when press up against the bubble of she helmet . sulie look around , as if only now realize where exactly this be . she smile . sulie hey . do we make it ...to Mars ? ext - - deep in outer space --day two tiny planet be reflected in roger' lense . one mar in each lens . right where he human eye should be . different angle reveal the enormous planet mar . Roger and sulie make for a tiny shadow in the foreground . the red mountain of Mars seem almost close enough to touch . ext --in orbit above mar --day the command module orbit Mars . the smooth surface of the craft reflect the bright red of the planet below . int -- inside the cockpit --day roger be crouch on the command chair . his great wing gather around and above he . look out the porthole ( continued ) 116 continued : at the curve horizon of mar . behind he , father kayman and sulie float into view . they both look very relieved : kayman look like we will have enough power for the two of we , rog . of course you do not breathe ... so that help . Roger do not respond . just crouch on the chair , with he back toward they . not move . his wing rustling . kayman and sulie share a nervous look . wait a moment . sulie ( as if afraid to know ) you be come home with we , right ? Roger turn around and flash they with a cocky smile . the face of a test pilot . explorer . a Roger do not say a single word ... but he do not need to . int --inside the airlock ~-day the outer airlock door open above the surface of mar far below . roger crouch at the edge of the airlock . reflective light from the surface bathes the airlock and Roger seem to glow . his skin , . eye , and wing catch the red , look truly luminescent . we have never see he like this . above the world the " man plus " be make for . int --inside the cockpit --day father kayman and sulie be strapped in the pilot seat . through the cockpit porthole , a cable be visible rise up from the planet , like a enormous pillar to the star . sulie and kayman share a glance . sulie touch she mike : sulie on my mark , Roger .... go ! ext --in orbit above mar --day roger leap from the airlock and float out over the planet like a skydiver from space , he wing unfolding to they full length . beneath Roger the barren landscape rush past in a furious red blur . Roger have he arm outstretch and , suddenly , the cable appear under he . Roger grab the top of the cable , and the planet stop moving . Roger hang in a stationary position above Mars , the earth ship receding into the distance as it continue ( continued ) 117 continued : on its orbit . Roger be a red winge man hang above a red world on a cable that stretch all the way down to the surface , disappear from view long before it ever reach the martian soil it 's plant in . Roger 's tile body shimmer with red . his eye reflecting the surface . Roger pull himself up beside the cable . rest he foot on a platform . immediately , it begins to descend . Roger perch on the cable , he wing gather around and above he . like a gargoyle overlook he own personal world . descend to the barren surface a hundred mile below . int --inside the cockpit --day father kayman and sulie huddle by the porthole watch Roger descend as kayman recite the ordinary of the mass : kayman laudamas the , benedictimus the , adoramus the , glorificamus the . ext --the descent to mar --day roger ride the cable through a pink sky down toward the surface . a beautiful stark planet stretch below hin . kayman ( v.0o . ) gloria in excelsis deo , et in terra pax hominibus bonae voluntatis . et in_martis . int -- news anchor desk -- newscast the nightly news anchor sit in front of a photo of mar . anchor in a few moment you will be witness to a historic moment : humanity 's first step on another world ! int -- the world watch --montage bar patron watch the tv . office worker gather inside of lunch room . family huddle together in they home . ext --crowded urban STREET --day pedestrian walk the street stop to gather across from a large electronic sign scrolling : " roger torraway about ( continued ) 118 continued : to set foot on mar !!! " and the crowd release a cheer . ext--mars--broadcast footage mar footage plays . a bit fuzzy . the barren landscape stretch off toward a alien horizon . in the middle of this picture be a spacecraft . like the old conventional Apollo lunar module . the door open and a astronaut in a spacesuit slowly emerge . descend to the surface . two commentator begin to speak in hushed , excited tone : commentator 1 ( v.0o . ) lady and gentleman , you be about to witness the first step take on another planet . what do you think col . torraway be go to say , Bob ? commentator 2 ( v.o. ) I do not know , Chet . but there have be talk that he will echo the word speak by astronaut Neil armstrong when he first step onto the moon . the commentator hush as the astronaut descend down to the surface . the spacesuite figure that 's suppose to be Roger landing on Mars reach the bottom of the ladder and wait for what be suppose to be a dramatic moment . he set one boot onto the martian soil . then the other . ext --the surface of mar --day roger ride the enormous cable down toward the surface of Mars . eye red . wing gather around and above he . his skin luminescent . Roger look joyous . smiling wide . televised roger ( v.0o . ) that 's one small step for a man ... Roger near the surface and leap off the platform . he glide through the pink martian AIR with he wing outstretched . Roger hit the ground , but raise only a tiny cloud of red dust as he bound off toward the horizon , move steadily away with sudden enormous leap . televised roger ( v.o. ) .«.. one giant leap for mankind . Roger continue on toward the horizon . if he look like anything , it would be a indigenous martian life - form . his wing balance he as he land atop a misshapen red boulder before leaping off and drop down out of view . ( continued ) 119 continued : CUT to : television on earth . t.v. screen in home and office and storefront be all show the first footprint ever made in the red martian soil . it be a simple boot print , with thick horizontal ridge on the bottom of the sole . the same type of print the astronaut leave on the moon . CUT to : the barren martian landscape stretch on toward a jag red horizon . there be no movement now . Roger be go . camera move , down . to the actual first footprint ever make in the virgin red soil . it resemble nothing like the boot print the world be watch on television . nothing like any boot print at all . three large inhuman toe -- Roger 's toe -- protrude from the front of what look like a alien foot , the heel dug so deep . like a claw . a martian footprint in the red dust . fade out