oa te ) " norma rae " by Irving ravetch and harriet Frank , Jr. oo i | } t revised | ! March i3 , 1978 | ' '' o } " norma rae " fade in under title : series of photograph 1 they succeed one another with the SOUND of a camera clicking sharply . this be a composite of norma rae webster 's life , glimpsis of she early day , a burgeon and a metamorphosis : she be see as a infant , sit in she bath ina galvanize tub , hair twisted into a kewpie-doll peak , beribbone . Norma at seven , front tooth out , a large grin split she face . at twelve in a bathing suit , a pigeon - to stance , arm fold self - consciously across she chest . at fifteen , face front , arrogant now , breast jutting out , hip cocked . at eighteen , she arm around a sailor 's shoulder , wear he hat at a rakish angle . at twenty on a front porch with a cluster of girl , Norma at the center , mouth black with too much lipstick , hold a ukulele . at twenty - two , hold a bridal bouquet , wear a floppy hat , perplex , faintly forlorn , on the edge of the unknown . at twenty -four , defiant , thumbing she nose at a sign read " Simpson 's secretarial School . " at twenty -six , sit with she back against a tree , twe young child tumble in she lap , look fond and frazzle . at twenty -eight , in a monkey - pert waitress !' outfit , balance a tray , ground lose . at thirty , a photographer 's formal portrait , unguard , beautiful , unfathomable . at thirty - two , mature , strong , with humor , without illusion . i norma 2 , she move -- and the photograph become film . cont . i pr 2 2 cont. camera pull back . in the noise , amid the fly lint , oq she be in a aisle tight with machine , monitoring loom . the mill 3 the place burst on the screen like a battlefield , full of a jolting , nerve-shatter din . in the enormous space , row and row of old wooden loom roar like waterfall and shake the floor with ceaseless tremble vibration . the sound be deafen , the constant punish , racketing motion disorient . there be no window , no sunlight , only blank , brick wall ; it be a seasonless , timeless world in | which man and woman can not hear themselves think , do not i think . they be bound and shackle to the work . I steam vent spew mist into every corner to keep the yarn hot and wet . mosquito netting rise from the floor and disappear overhead in the high dark reach toward the ceiling . there be a permanent haze everywhere make by lint come off the roll of terry cloth , roll as high as a man . another angle 4 the work begin in " the raw " where the cotton bale be bring in and man with surgical mask cover they nose and mouth rip apart the bale of cotton , feed they into 1 the mouth of hopper that shred the cotton fiber and rip so they apart . cotton dust and lint fill the air like snow , coating everyone from head to toe . another angle | 5 carder be next on the line , then spinner and doffer . almost all the work can be see in this vast room , the size of a enormous pasture , without interior wall . the roll of terry cloth slowly unwind behind the back of the side henmer '' pass yard by yard through the woman 's sewing machine . leona witchard 6 grey-streake , trace of beauty still visible . she work with she face close to a spider web of thread , she hand rapidly guide they . it be work of intense concentration , demand , exhaust . vernon witchard . 7 Norma 's father , a large , handsome man , fractious , expansive , stand at a row of bobbin , do back - break stoop labor . '' cont . bes o 7 cont . a shrill whistle sound . it be the break for lunch . Vernon witchard straighten , clutching he back , punish by the morning 's work . int , lunchroom 8 a narrow space with a long window look out on the work floor . Signs be post : " give you chair to a spinner ; they only have 15 minute . " the mill hand make quick work of they meal . there be little conversation ; they be already too tired to talk . Norma munch on a apple . bonnie mae , a cheerful sparrow of a woman from the fold table , speak to she . bonnie mae you just eat a apple for lunch ? norma I be dieting . bonnie mae well , I gotta keep my strength up . ( eat heartily , bite into a thick sandwich ) I put this jelly up myself . on Sunday , roscoe and I put up over sixty quart of peach . what would you do over the weekend , Norma ? norma soak my foot . bonnie mae saw you downtown . you friend drive a big car . norma if you would look on the motel register , you would a see my name there , too . bonnie mae it 's none of my business ... Norma turn to look at she mother beside she . the woman 's eye be close , she head rest back against the tile . cont . o 558 8 cont . norma momma , you have not open you sack . leona remain motionless . norma momma , do not you want you lunch ? still the woman do not answer . norma momma ! still leona remain with she eye close . alarm , Norma shake she and leona finally open she eye , look at she daughter blankly . norma what be it , momma ? do not you feel good ? leona what ? norma do not you hear I ? momma ! ( bend close to she , bawling ) momma , momma , momma ! leona do not respond . Norma be on she foot instantly . she haul she mother up , grab she by the arm , and , pull after she , she run . the weaving room 9 it be a headlong race across the length of the mill , Norma ahead and frantic , she mother in tow . int . doctor' office 10 dr . watson be confront by a agitate , flaring Norma , while leona sit with she hand calmly fold in she lap . norma she do not hear I } she do not hear one word I say ! she do not hear you now ! dr . watson you know this happen , Norma rae . it happen all the time . cont . C 558 10 cont . norma well , not to my momma ! dr . watson it will pass off . it 's just temporary . norma that make it all right , huh ? she 's only deaf for a hour , she 's only deaf for two hour , she 's only deaf all day ! dr . watson ( mildly ) she can get herseif another job . norma what other job in this town ? " he be the only job . dr . watson I will give she a note . they will send she home . no ( bitterly ) come on , momma . you be nothing to any of them . she take she mother 's arm and shepherd she out . ext , the yard of the witchard house 11 the back of the shotgun house sit in a almost grassless plot . in one corner of the yard a shade tree struggle to live . it be still daylight , and underneath , on a straight - back kitchen chair , leona witchard sit quietly . she sit very still , she face tilt toward the meager green above she ; she be in a reverie , on the wing of a dream . int . kitchen : 12 Norma be at the sink , wash the dish , she father Vernon , towel in hand , dry . Norma , as she work , watch she mother through the open window . she finally call out to she . norma you all right out there ? without turn , leona respond in she quiet , patient voice . cont . 12 cont. leona oq yes . I be all right . norma you will get all bitten up . leona I be come in soon . Norma return to the job at hand . she suddenly wipe she hand briskly on a towel . norma I be gonna let this pot soak . rnon ( mildly ) there 's one soaking from breakfast . norma well , now it 's get company . she go out . int , live room / 13 sg in the sparsely furnish room , two child , craig and millie , sit raptly watch television . Norma enter . norma ten more minute of that junk and then you . do you homework . craig I do it . norma '¢ ' in write , ' C 's in spelling , ' D ! in read -~ you have not peen do too much homework . millie sssshhh . I wanna hear . norma I will ssshhh you . she go into she bedroom , strip off she blouse , sniff ! the armpit , grimace and toss it aside . she take one from the closet and put it on . o 558 '' wider angle 14 as Vernon loom in the doorway . vernon what be you get fix up for ? norma I be go into town . vernon what do you need in town ? norma thing . vernon well ... I will drive you in . norma you get ' bonanzat on next . vernon I will miss it . same every week anyhow . norma I be go to j.c. penney 's to buy myself some panty and a white cotton brassiere , size 32c . you wanna come sit on a little stool outside the dress room and have all the lady look at you , come on . vernon well , I do not think I care to do that ... ( then ) »ee you comin ! straight back ? norma no. next I be go to the drugstore to buy myself some kotex pad and a. cosmopolitan Magazine . vernon well ... then you come home ? norma yeah . by. then I will be so tired out from all the excitement , I will be come home . the front doorbell ring . Vernon go to answer it . 558 D C 558 8 the front door 15 reuben warshovsky stand on the stoop . he have two large suitcase and be dress in tennis shoe , blue jeans and a T-shirt . reuben be lean , sharp , full of nervous and intellectual energy ; he view of life waver between the jaundice and the merry . he be a master of finagle and accommodation ; he be purposeful and principle . he be fully mobilize always , however calm and easy he manner may be . reuben Mr. witchard ? vernon that 's right . Vernon witchard , who be you ? reuben my name be reuben warshovsky . vernon warshovsky ? what kind of name be that ? , reuben it 's the kind you have to spell for telephone operator and headwaiter . vernon what do you want ? reuben I would like to get I a room with a mill family . vernon what for ? we get a hotel with 12 room and a motel with 24 room . reuben I want to get to know some mill hand . Close up . vernon why be that ? cont . 558 15 cont . reuben Mr. witchard ... I get into town about a hour ago , park my rent car , get out , and , before I could adjust my crotch , the Chief of Police be on I , say ' who be you , I do not know you ! and ' what the hell be you do here ?! I tell he I be a labor organizer , come to put a union in the 0.p. Henley textile mill , and he say , ' the fuck you be !! give I a ticket and tell I to get my ass elsewhere right quick . Norma have appear behind she father and listen curiously . vernon he 's dead right . as far as I be concerned , you be all Communists or agitator or crook or Jews or all four together . any town you show up , folk get throw out of work and get they head bust . reuben what .do you make a hour , Mr. witchard ? vernon two dollar and eighteen cent ! reuben when do you have you last cost - of-live raise ? vernon I never have that . reuben with all due respect , Mr. witchard , with today 's inflation , that make you a shlemiel , . vernon you call I some kind of name or other ?! reuben you be underpaid . you be overworked . they be shafting you , right up to you tonsils . you need I . cont . 558 10 15 cont . 1 vernon if you hurry , you can get to the fence before my dog bite you . norma what be you tell he that for ? we do not have a dog . reuben ( look at she father ) you do not need one . he heft the heavy suitcase , turn and go . int . golden cherry motel 16 the place have never see better day . it be always none too clean , familiar with the hot-pillow trade and other transient . the room have a view of a blacktop parking area and a scummy swim pool . Norma sit in the small lobby , flipping through the page of a magazine , ignore by alston purvis , the desk clerk . she look up with some surprise as reuben enter , by now footsore and weary . he recognize she . reuben this be one friendly little town you get here . I have be tell to shove off , to piss off , and to git off . norma ( mildly ) this place be okay . just make sure they spray the room for roach . reuben I be familiar with roach . go to the esk ) I would like a room with a view . alston you get the back alley or the parking lot . which ? cont . '' C 7 558 11 16 cont . norma ( intervene ) give he 207 , alston . you can not hear the drunk in there . . GEORGE benson enter . he be a large man , floridly handsome , commanding , with a edge of violence just conceal . he walk straight past Norma for the stair , make only a peremptory beckone gesture . she toss aside the magazine and rise to follow . int . motel room . 17 the shower be heard running from the open bathroom . Norma sit on the edge of the tear - apart bed , fasten she bra ; she get up and pull on she jeans . her face be impassive ; whatever have transpire in the past hour have leave she unmove . George come in , a towel wrap around he middie , he hair still stream . he comb he hair at the mirror , drop of water spraying . GEORGE I will be back this way next Wednesday . after dinner . I be have dinner with my wife 's folk . norma tonight be the last time , George . he do not turn . the. comb simply move a little more slowly . GEORGE you do not say , Norma rae . be not that a surprising turn . norma no . it 's be come for some time . GEORGE well , be not that funny , I do not notice it . do not you get you steak dinner ? do not you get you box of praline ? do not you get you french red wine ? do not you come three time in a row in that bed over there ? cont . o 12 17 cont. norma I be not count . GEORGE now turn to ace she ) look like I do not know what it take to satisfy you this day . norma it just do not sit well with I anymore , George . you get you wife , you get you two kid in high school , there 's a lot of gossip , I get my two kid ... ~ ( shrug ) «ee do not know ... it just do not make I feel good . GEORGE ( flatly ) you be here to make I feel good . ~ he advance on she . norma I be not trot down here anymore . GEORGE why , you hick . you get dirt under you fingernails , you leave hair in the sink , you pick you tooth with a matchbook -- I have see you ! why , shit , what be you good for -- to come out of the factory , wash under you armpit , spread you leg for a poke and go home . and you be dump I ! he hit she hard across the mouth ; the impact send she hurtle across the room , slamm against the opposite wall . cont . eae a nnec eere eae ee = 22 a 13 17 cont .1 she end up crumpled on the floor , wiping she bloody nos 2 = with the back of she hand , pause to look at it . then she get up . she reach for she bag . oq norma ( at the door ) you know something ? you be absolutely right about I . she go out . walkway 18 she stumble once or twice in the walkway , pause to shove she blouse inside she pants . reuben be stand at the open door to he room as she pass it . he speak coolly . reuben I hear a hell of a thump . norma that be I , get throw across the room . = ) reuben you better come in . she follow he into he room . int , reuben' room 19 he go into the bathroom , return with a washcloth , dumo ice cube out of he Coke , hand she the icepack . she put it gingerly against she face . reuben sit down . you look a little shake up . she sit . he note the condition she 's in . reuben I think everyone down South be Ashley wilk . cont . 558 C 558 14 19 cont norma you lie down with dog , you get fleas ( remove rag and show he she nose ) do this look like it 's break to you ? reuben no , I do not think so . want a aspirin ? 's norma no , thanks . reuben band-aic¢ norma no . reuben valium . norma you be a whole drugstore . reuben mild hypochondriac . keep the ice on it . norma I and man . I ought to learn to say no from the start . but if it be not man , i. do not know what it would be . another angle 20 she get up and begin to wander around . he have already establish himself ; book be stack and pile everywher . . papers litter the desk , clothes be dumped on the bed and hang from the back of chair . norma you get a lot of book . reuben yeah , I be afraid I will wake up in a motel room someday with nothing to read but the phone book . cont . 558 15 20 cont. she stop at the picture of a girl that have be propped up on the bureau . she study it . norma she 's get big eye . . reuben she 's also get a big brain . norma what 's she name ? reuben dorothy Finkelstein . she 's a hotshot labor lawyer out of Harvard . norma she must be you girl friend if you haul she picture around with you . reuben well , we sleep together on Sunday morning and then we read the New York Times . I guess that make she my girl friend , norma 's ( hold out she hand ) I be Norma rae Wilson . reuben ( shaking ) reuben warshovsky . norma please to meet you . reuben my pleasure . norma ( pause I be sorry about my daddy . he 's get a short fuse . reuben my credential keep I out of a lot of place . but every once in a while , somebody will open a door and put I in the best bedroom and treat I like I be a@ cousin . cont . o 16 20 cont . norma that would not be my daddy . ( then , abruptly ) you a Jew ? reuben bear and breed . norma I never meet a Jew before . I hear they have horn . he push he hair back to show she . reuben circumcise , yes . horn , no . norma Far as I can see , you do not look any different from we . reuben we be . norma yeah ? what make you different ? reuben History . norma hmmmmm ... she look at he thoughtfully a moment . he be a strange bird . - norma well , thanks for the ice . she hand back the washcloth . reuben any time . norma Christ , I hope not . she go out . o 17 in front of the motel | a 1 Vernon sit park at the wheel of he batter blue dodge . as Norma come out into the night , he wave he hand and call to she . vernon over here , honey , she stop short on the pavement , turn and stare a moment , exasperation visible . then she come to he . vernon think I would come down and give you a ride home . she merely look at he . vernon ( slyly ) you be not get any package . no ( flatly ) I be not get any explanation , either . vernon come on , sweetheart . get in . int . the car 22 she slide in beside he , but she be angry and show he a stony profile . - vernon you want a strawberry ice cream cone ? it be useless to hold out against he . norma sure . you treat I like I be twelve anyhow . why not ? vernon that 's my girl . beam , he pull away and drive off . 18 ext , mill 23 Norma and she parent and a throng of mill worker surge through the chain link fence toward the loom , dirt - streak , windowless red brick building which will swallow they all for the day . it be a spiritless mass of people , silently set for they labor , carry with they the weariness of season after season . there be no swap greeting ; this work exact a toll in mind and muscle . norma and reuben a 4 as she go through the fence , she come face to face with reuben again ; he energy be up . he thrust a leaflet from a large stack under he arm at each man and woman who pass . suddenly , he find he be hand one to Norma . she scan it quickly . norma there 's too many big word in here . if I do not understand it , they be not gonna understand it . she shove it back at he and be immediately lose in the crowd . he stop he activity and stand there in some puzzlement , read he own flyer once again . norma 25 a bossman , jimmy jerome davis , stand in front of she as she be about to enter the building . norma Morning , Jimmy Jerome . the man gesture back toward the fence with he head . jimmy that fellow a friend of yours , Norma ? norma ( shrugging ) look like he 's get to be . jimmy better hotfoot it or you will be late . norma I do not care if I do not get there ' till tomorrow . but she go in . pee o on -; 558 sect we pee aaceeeree : 19 at the fence 26 the last of the mill hand have enter . reuben be finaly alone and prepare to go . but as he turn , he find Jimmy Jerome in he path . jimmy well ...one of you guy show up about every four year -- about the same time we get the locust . reuben ( flat ) what 's you name ? jimmy ' my name ? my name 's timmy Jerome Davis . reuben well , Jimmy Jerome , we already get six of you bossmen in civil contempt . maybe we can make it seven . ' jimmy ( genial ) why , hell , we plaster the toilet with they thing . he turn and go . the gate in the fence close and reuben be on the outside . norma 27 in the weaving room , the back of she shirt already wet . teddy bob keeler , a fellow worker , tap she on the shoulder ; she look around ; he indicate a bossman beckone to she from he office . norma I already tell he I would not go out to dinner with he . what 's he want now ? teddy bob maybe he want to make it breakfast , Norma rae . she make a deprecate gesture and march off to the summon . int , office 28 it be quiet in here behind the large plateglass window through which the entire activity in the weaving room can cont . 0 '' 20 28 cont . be survey . tommy gardner wait for Norma behind a d he have the hard look of a hard - live man , use to deal with hunt dog and menial . Norma enter and go on the attack . norma whatever it be , I do not do it . gardner Norma , you get the biggest mouth in this mill . give we longer break , give we more smoking time , give we a kotex machine -- norma do it and I will shut up . gardner well , we be gonna do better and that . we figure the only way to close that mouth be to hand you a promotion . you be rise in the world , honey . norma yeah ? how far and for how much ? gardner we be gonna put you on as a spot-checker . norma it be not gonna make I any friend . gardner it 's gonna make you another dollar and a half a hour . she chew it over . it seem hard to digest . norma . 29 she be on the floor , clipboard in one hand , stopwatch in the other . she have pause behind lucius white , a black man , and be timing he as he rethread a loom . when he finish , she click she watch , enter a notation on the board , move on . another angle 30 she be behind GEORGE hubbard , watch as he unstop a spindle . again , she click she watch , mark he time . el another angle 31 she time ray buck complete a run of towel , record he speed . another angle 32 finally , she stand behind she father . Vernon work at the bobbin , do the job he have do ali he life . he pause only a instant to rub the back of he neck , hurry to recover the tempo . he grin at he daughter over he shoulder , Norma be troubled and unhappy . vernon how be I doin ! little girl ? norma you better speed it up , daddy -- if you can . vernon ( protest ) I be goin ' as fast as I can . norma they be watch I and they be watch you ... the old man grimly bend forward and he hand fly as he pull bobbin and thread they . ext , vernon' yard 33 Craig and millie in the b.g. , climb in and out of a batter cardboard carton , which for they be a train ; the sound of they shouting and laugh rise in the early evening air . vernon 34 he. stand on the open back porch at a galvanize tub , scrubbing he hand and face . as he dry off , he use the towel to whack some of the cling lint from he shirt and he pants . Norma come out on the porch ; she go to brush the lint which mat he hair , make he look like a white - haire man of eighty . Vernon stiffly pull away from she . norma well , I suppose you be sore at I . vernon I do not think you should push you own daddy . cont . 558 22 34 cont . norma ( wrestle with it ) it 's more money . I need it for my kid . vernon well , I do not need it from my kid . and he walk into the house , he back stiff . Norma stand troubled . she call out to she child , almost absently . norma Craig ... millie ... get out of grandma 's marigold . she sit on the top step , hug she knee , brood . ext . baseball field - night 35 a game be in progress on the pokey little baseball diamond with weak night light and a splinter , fade green two - tiere set of bleacher . bug wheel endlessly around the light , tree frog croak , there be nothing so grand as uniform -- the two team play in they work clothes . the scoreboard , break and sagging , read : millageville 15 , piston 12 , : there be a sudden thunderclap of wild excitement , bring everyone to they foot , as the batter power one far into the darkness of right field , bring in the two man already on base and tie the score . in the stand 36 Norma rae and bonnie mae sit down again with flushed face . norma want something ? bonnie mae bring I a hot dog , lotsa relish . Norma climb over some people and go down the step . behind the stand 37 a hot dog wagon steam ; the bug have concentrate here as well . ' Norma run into reuben at the counter , slather mustard and relish on he dog . cont . 23 37 cont. norma . ( to the vendor ) qo two dog , lotsa relish and no relish . she turn to reuben . norma enjoy the game ? reuben I like that shortstop . he go into the hole . norma that 's j.c , mcallister . scout have be look at he . reuben take a first big bite out of he hot dog and instantly spit it out , spraying dog and bun everywhere . norma what 's the matter ? do not you like it ? reuben ( well , it 's not Nathan 's . in fact , oo I be not even sure it 's a hot dog . chuck the remainder away in a trash barrel ) what do they put in this thing ? norma a lot of red dye -- and other thing you do not want to know about . the crowd yell . apparently , something interesting have happen . another angle 38 ellis harper come up to the wagon . he be tall , good - look , fine - bone , educate . when he see Norma , he stop ; there be a sense of constraint between they . | ellis hello , Norma . norma hello , Ellis . os ellis i '' you be look fine . cont. a4 38 cont. norma I be always fine . I be a horse . ellis you change you hair . norma I let it grow . ellis ( after a moment 's silence ) how 's Craig ? norma lose he front tooth ... ( voice flatten ) »»e it would not hurt if you come by to see he once in a while . ellis I do not think I should do that , Norma . norma suit yourself -- you always have . the man stand uncomfortably a moment , then quickly turn and walk away . reuben plunk down a quarter on the counter . reuben I will have a rc cola. ( then to she ) want one ? norma yeah . reuben . ( with another coin ) make it two . moving shot 39 drink in hand , they wander around the perimeter of the ball field . Cars be park face the game , spectator sitve in they , drink beer ; kid sit or lie atop sedan , watch the action . Young kid on bike stand , one foot on the pedal , one on the ground . a few young couple sit in the grass , infant crawl not too far from they . cont. 25 39 con : as usual , Norma say what she be think , without preanbie . qo out loud , directly . norma I climb in the backseat of he ' cadillac on a rainy night six year ago , stick my foot out the window , and get I my little Craig off that Southern gentleman . ( dismissively ) he 's never do anything worthwhile since . reuben be you marry ? norma he do not bother and I do not bother . : reuben my first affair , as I recollect it , be with my hungarian piano teacher . I be play smetana and she put she head in my lap . I play the hell out of it . we end up in the ' bedroom under a Russian icon , and C she husband come home and find we and burst into tear . I go and put my arm around he and say ' I be sorry , I be sorry , ' and then we all go into the kitchen and have 4 glass of tea . she look at he oddly . norma seem like every time you run into I , I be hassling with some other guy . reuben that 's what it seem like . norma what do you think of I , I wonder ? reuben I think you be too smart for what 's happen to you . he let she think that over -- and she do . they keep walk in silence . 558 int . the roving room Norma , with clipboard and st stop to time sonny webster , unfathomable young man ; the ~ be just beneath it . as she do a extraordinary thing run to another , start it , taunting she : o 26 ho opwatch , make she round . si. a intense , hide , surface be calm but frustra zion click she watch to start , he -- he leap away from the loor , call to she over he shoulder , sonny come on , lady ! I be over here now ! moving shot she start to follow he , be loom . al 4 wilder ; he dart to a third sonny I be right over here now ! I get the jump on you now ! he weave in and out among the loom , call , mock she with a crazy challenge . sonny I be behind you now . yoo-hoo , lady ! why do not you clock I be 9 another angle ' over here ? I be over here now ! he she pelt after he at a dead run , finally grab he by the arm , stop he . " norma you damn fool , you better cut this out !l the faster you work , the more work they ' 11 put on youl sonny what do I care ? all I get to do be work ! he pull free and rush to yet another loom and get i» go . Norma stop , throw up she hand . int . witchard live room 43 Vernon have the child on he 's lap , watch the television screen . leona be across from he in a splint chair , a photc album in she lap . from a cardboard box she select snapshot and slide they into place . the doorbell ring , 558 cont . of o 43 cont . 27 norma I will get it . she go through the room toward the door . at the door 4 b sonny webster be there when she open it . she close it : in he face immediately . then , bethink herself , she slowly open it again . sonny be quite different now , subdued , chasten . sonny I will not trouble you . I just come to apologize . I know I could have lose you you job today . norma you sure go crazy on I . sonny I know . I get hand divorce papers this morning . I guess I go off my head . norma thing can get to you . sonny would you come and have a drink with I , to make up for the ruckus and all the bother I put you to ? she hesitates a moment , consider it . sonny I be sonny webster . you use to come in my momma 's bakery . norma yeah , I remember you now , on the cash register after school . you never make the right change . sonny I never do too good in math . norma ( ruminate ) sonny webster ... sonny how about that drink ? no okay . wait here . en re peaxmsee o 558 in the hall 45 she close the door on he , go to get she purse and a sweater off a hook in the hall . her father be right at she heel . vernon who 's that ? I hear a man 's voice . norma yeah , you do , and I be go out with he . vernon where would you meet he ? norma just now on the front porch ! vernon some Tom , Dick or Harry come to the door and you get you hat on ? no , sir ! norma I be over twenty - one -- way over . vernon lemme say some name to you , Norma . buddy Wilson , Ellis harper , George benson , a U.S. sailor , a trailways bus driver -- none of which be lookin ' after you , as far as I can see . I get that spot . it 's my food , it 's my roof , norma there 's something wrong with all this . something wrong with the way you try to keep man off I . vernon there be nothing wrong with a daddy 's love for he little girl . you oughta accept you daddy 's love , you oughta rest in it , you oughta shelter in it , you oughta be grateful for it . norma you be loving I to death . she slam out of the house . o od 558 2 ' oo int , live room 46 Vernon charge in , stand look blind , like a enraged bull . he go suddenly to grab the snapshot from he wife 's hand ; wildly he begin to rip they in half , one after another fling they into the air , two jag halve of Norma 's face as a teenager , piece of Norma on the back of a pony . leona ( in horror ) daddy , that be we precious family picture ... vernon they be just scrap now ! the child be wide - eye . int . a tavern 47 Men line at the bar still grimy from the job , get the taste of work out of they mouth ; drink end almost every day and it be not boisterous -- it be serious and dogge , a anodyne . at the back , Norma and sonny sit in a wooden booth , mark with cigarette burn . Soft drink , a bucket of ice , and a pottle of bourbon in a brown paper bag stand on the scar linoleum - top table ; they have make considerable inroad in the liquor . a dolly parton record be playing on the jukebox . norma that woman sure can sing ... and that word be true , too . sonny I like elvis , myself ... norma ( high ) I would like to get rich by just open my mouth and wail ... sonny it do not necessarily make they happy . norma ( the philosopher ) what do , what do , what do ? cont. 30 47 cont. sonny a man and a woman be about you best chance . norma you be a fine one to talk . , do not you tell I you take a gun , go slinking along on 1 you belly in the bush , draw | a@ bead on you wife , aim to ' blow she head off ? sonny yeah , I be gonna burn them both '' down ..- she and she boyfriend ... put I could not ... ( pause ) she be a good person when we go together in school and all . she be a real nice person ... put the change that come about in she ... it still really amaze I ... norma listen , I be different than what I be , too . you go through thing . she tip herself another consol glassful . in the process , she look up and see someone . reuben 48 he be at the bar , turn on the stool face to face with ora pursley , in close conference , exhort he , proselytize , another angle 4g Norma wave at he from the booth . norma hey ! you ! New York ! reuben , a bit startle , turn and see she . norma ( gesture be expansive ) come on over . sit with we . cont . o 31 49 cont. sonny ( thwart ) do we need anybody else ? norma ( high ) the more the merrier . at the booth 50 as reuben approach and stand at the booth . norma reuben , this be sonny . sonny , that 's reuben . the two man shake hand . norma get off you foot . what be you do here ? reuben work . norma this be a drink place . reuben drunk or sober , I want ‘em . sonny can I pour you out one ? he brandish the paper bag . reuben I will have some plain seltzer . : sonny you just drink soda water ? reuben that 's all . sonny pour he a glass . sonny you will feel better and I will tomorrow morning . cont . 558 32 50 cont. norma reuben 's a union man . thinks o . he can put a union in the mill . sonny ai not ever be one . reuben then its hour 's come , have not it ? sonny there better be more and one of you . ' Cause there 's more and one of they . reuben ' there will be . sonny this big company get everything they want . everything go to the rich man . reuben get tired of it ? : sonny i when ido , I just wash it down a ) with beer ... he drink . a boozy melancholy enfold they , heighten by a@ ballad sung by johnny Cash on the jukebox . it plunge Norma into deeper gloom . norma that record be play on the record player the night they call I up to tell I my husband be kill in a fight in a beer joint . sonny I know buddy Wilson in high school . we have wood shop together . norma he get drunk and break a beer bottle and get into a fight . somebody else have a break beer bottle , too ... I remember go to the funeral home . this man come to the door . I want to go in and see buddy but he C , say he do not have he prepare , po and he do not think it would be | 558 a good idea for I to see he . | cont. 558 33 50 cont . 1 norma ( cont . ) I really want to see he , but daddy would not let I go in ... ( shrug ) and that be the end of buddy , as far as that go ... each , in he own way , sit quietly consider mortality . on the STREET 51 the three have come out on the desert sidewalk . the tavern light go off behind they . Norma and sonny be carry a full load . norma I be gonna drive . sonny no , I will drive . norma you be drunk . sonny so be you . reuben I will drive . he herd they toward he car . moving shot ~- car 52 reuben be at the wheel , Norma in the middle , sonny on the side . norma well , I go out with one man and I be come home with two . that oughta surprise my daddy . some . sonny he sure watch you close . norma we be close . lot of time when I be a kid , he would give in a excuse at the mill so he could stay home and play with I in the snow . he use to drive 250 mile to Crescent Beach to buy I a chicken dinner , take I swim , tell I joke . we would sleep in the back of the car park on the beach and walk on the sand in the morning . cont. o 558 34 52 cont. norma ( cont . ) ( waggle she finger ) he buy I this ring on my finger ... she suddenly turn to address reuben politely . norma could you stop the car ? I be gonna be sick . reuben pull over and stop instantly , get out and help she out the door . sonny , ( apologetically , helpless ) I can not help , Norma , or I would give it up , too . by the side of the road 53 Norma be crouch in the bush , reuben bent over he :r , nold she waist with one hand , she forehead with the other . she straighten at last , want but recover . norma well , that 's real ladylike of I ... reuben do not worry . I do bedpan one summer at stuyvesant Hospital . norma one of this day I be gonna put myself all together . reuben make it soon . because one of this day , I be go to start in on you . her look say it can not be now . he help she back to the car . front of the mill 54 another work day , the mill hand stream through the gate . reuben be once again station at he post , hand out leaflet . cont . o 558 35 54 cont. Norma fall behind she father and mother to take one from he . she read it . reuben I take you advice . I be down to two syllable . norma one 's better . she hand it back to he and go jauntily into the mill . on the floor 55 as she enter the tremendous weaving room floor , stopwatch and clipboard at the ready , she come face to face with mavis pruitt and give she a cheery greeting . norma hi , mavis . mavis give she a long , cold look , then deliberately turn she back . Norma stare after she , surprised ; then turn and go on . another angle 56 linette odum be head for the loom . Norma hail she . norma ' Morning , linette . the woman deliberately stop , look she up and down , from head to toe , and then without a word move to she place . another angle 57 Norma , disturb now , go up to billy stettin , take he place at a loom , and tap he on the shoulder . norma hiya , billy . the man do not answer . norma hey , billy ! he busy himself with the spindle , he face grim . norma what be this ! what the hell be this ! cont . mrrrrrrss 36 57 cont . norma ( cont . ) ( grab he by the shirt ) billy ! billy ! I be talk to you . billy turn to she , fling she hand off he shirt , and spit out one word . billy ' fink ! b he turn away from she . she stand slone , in a steaming rage . norma well , shit ! } and without a pause she wheel around and march toward Tommy gardner 's office . office 58 she bang open the door and , without ceremony , burst in . gardner look up from he desk . norma nobody out there 's talk to . mee gardner less talk , more work . norma they be my friend and they be gonna stay my friend ! I be quit ! I be quit right here , I be quit right now . you be speed ‘em up and then you be gonna weed them out ! gardner you know all that . norma well , I be greedy and I be dumb and now I be sorry . you can fire mee gardner . no , we will not do that . we will just put you back in the weaving room , Norma . you family 's be in this mill for a long time . cont . 38 37 58 cont . she plunk the instrument of she now-hate trade down on he desk , turn and leave . another angle 59 as Norma come to take a spot beside she friend bonnie mae buffum on the shudder floor . the inexorable work go on , without end , without pause . ext . witchard house 60 sonny drive up in he old Ford and give one discreet beep on he horn . Norma emerge on the front step ; hold each hand be millie and Craig . she march they down to the car . norma ( firmly ) we be all ready . sonny ( it 's a bit more than he bargain for ) all of you ? norma all three of we . scnny ( with good grace ) well , then , everybody hop in . moving shot - sonny'' car 61 norma Roll the window down if you be hot . millie I wanna sit up front . norma well , you can not . craig be we there yet ? norma no , we just start off . ( to sonny ) I think we be go to the beach . sonny we be . I gotta make a stop first . ) ol 158 38 ext . bungalow . 62 sonny 's car be at the curb in front of another house , norna and she child wait impatiently . after a moment , sonny emerge , a small girl 's hand in he . he introduce she . sonny this be Alice . she 's mine . norma ( laugh ) like I always say -- the more the merrier . Alice hop into the back with the boy and . the girl . off they go . ext . riverbank 63 the kid play along the bank , clamber over a tree that span the water . Norma and sonny sit on a blanket , remnant of they picnic before they , hugging they knee , at ease with each other . sonny you be real easy with you kid . norma oh ... I yell . I swat ‘em . sonny youtre a pretty woman . norma I be not bad at eighteen . but thing have sly and slip ... sonny you look fine to I . norma keep the light low and i'm all right . sonny well . I will take you where it 's dark . norma ( make a weary wave with she hand ) I have be there . cont . eesve re 39 63 cont. sonny be silent a moment . sonny I do not owe a nickel in this town . I will eat anything that 's put down in front of I . I can fix anything electrical . I be all right after I have have my first cup of coffee -- I want that bad , though . I get meat new job at the gas station . I would turn over my paycheck the minute I get it -- that 's Friday noon . and I come straight home from work and stay there . 's ( finally turn to look at she ) I get I Alice and I be alone . you get two kid and you be alone . if you could help I maybe I could help you . o she stare out at the bright set sun , debate it . after a moment , she say : norma ... it 's be a long time between a offer . C she turn and look at he for the first time . norma well , kiss I . and , if that 's all right , the rest will be . he take she in he arm . weaving room : 64 Norma and bonnie work side by side in the hellish din . bonnie pass she a flyer . Norma unfold it and read it : twua meeting tonight , chockoyotte baptist church . in you interest , come hear : reuben warshovsky , speaker Norma shove the flyer in she pocket and continue work . bonnie roscoe say I should not go -- but I be go . na ! norma 18 I be not ask anybody . CO 4o ext . chockoyotte church 65 as Norma and bonnie walk up the rickety wooden step and enter . int . the church 66 there be plain wooden wall , plain wooden pews , and a totally black assembly . as the only white people , they be at first a little tentative , as if they be intrude , and they halt in the entrance . a large , impressive man , jame brown , wave they on in with he straw hat . they walk all the way down to the front and sit in front of the altar , with its cross , a brightly color picture of Jesus , a jelly glass fill with wild flower . the people wait in silence , patiently . moving shot - car 67 reuben drive down a wind dirt country road , past dry pine forest , field of tobacco plant , row after row of cotton . now and again there be a bleach wooden shack with a tin roof off which the sun glint . it be a dry , somnolent , empty landscape , hard to unlock , hard to invade . a turn in the road show reuben the church up ahead -- and , at that instant , he car go out of control . the car , 68 he spin the wheel , which be suddenly loose in he hand , slam he foot against the brake again and again , but the car be out of control and hurtle wildly in a careen slide , leave the road , bump across a field , while he continue vainly fight the steering wheel . the car crash into a pine tree , burst into flame . the car 69 the door be jamme and , as he scuttle across to the other side , the windshield heat and crack and explode . reuben haul himself through the open window , fall to the ground , rise quickly and back away from the heat . figure come run from the church in the distance . near the car 70 reuben lean panting against a tree as some of the black approach . for a moment , everyone stand silently watch the car burn with great gout of black smoke . reuben {to the man ) the steering wheel go . the brake go . everything go . jame look like they be startin’ in 58 on you . cont . i 70 cont . reuben | i | | | | on it 's either they or General Motors . ( | al int . church 71 as reuben step up to the altar to deliver he speech , he glance at Norma and bonnie just beneath he . if he be surprised , he make no sign . reuben 72 he stand in front of the quiet , hopeful , needful people who have risk something to be here . he speak very simply . reuben : on October 4 , 1970 , my grandfather , Isaac abraham warshovsky , age 87 , die in he sleep in New York City . on the follow Friday morning , he funeral be hold . my mother and father attend , my two . uncle from Brooklyn attend , my aunt minnie come up from Florida . also present be 862 member of the amalgamate clothing worker and the Cloth , hat and cap maker ' Union . also member of he family . C in death as in life , they stand CO at he side . they have fight battle with he , bound the wound of battle with he , have earn bread together and have break it together . when they speak , they speak in one voice , and they be hear . they be black , they be white , they be irish , they be Polish , they be Catholic , they be Jews , they be one . that 's what a union be : one . ! ( pause ) lady and gentleman , the textile industry , in which you be spend you life and you substance , and in which you child and they child will spend they life and substance , be the only industry in the whole length and breadth of the United States of America that be not unionize . therefore , they be free to exploit you , to cheat you , to lie to you , and to take away what be rightfully yours -- val . cont. 4e 72 cont. reuben ( cont . ) '' ) you health , a decent wage , a fit place to work . I would urge you to stop they by come down to room 207 at the Golden cherry Motel , '' to pick up a union card and sign '' it . ! ( pause again ) ! it come from the Bible -- accord to the tribe of you father , ye shall inherit . it come from reuben warshovsky -- ' not unless you make it happen . i é he stop talk . the people have listen . in front of the church 73 people be come up to reuben to shake he hand , to murmur word of appreciation . bonnie mae approach . bonnie roscoe should have come . he should have hear you . reuben bring he next time . os bonnie ( agree ) if I have to drag he . it be Norma 's turn next . she stand in front of he with a slight grin . norma you preach pretty good . reuben when be you go to join up ? norma I ? who 's get the time ? I get my hand full as be . reuben ( flat ) make the time . sleep less . if I do not get some help , it 's kaput , finish , I be out of town -- and you get nothing . 358 43 another angle 74 he turn away from she - and shake hand with James Brown . reuben I would appreciate any help you can give I . that 's lick stamp , stuff envelope , type with two finger -- anything . jame I will show up . Norma stand to the side , a little baffle , frustrated , | uncertain . int , live room 75 belong to the justice of the peace , stuff with batter mohair furniture and family picture . the wedding in progress , be not overly festive : Norma hold a rather bedraggle little bouquet , but she be still a bird of plumage in she bright print dress . once she mind be make up , she sweep everything before she . the other , sonny beside she , bonnie mae and roscoe as witness , be slightly uncomfortable in unaccustom finery . justice of the peace .«.. and , with the power that the State of Georgia vest in I , I now pronounce you man and wife . and mother over there have a glass of homemade wine for we -- pick the berry myself last summer . another angle 76 they all turn to the little table on which he wife have prepare six tumbler and a bottle of red wine . sonny raise he glass in a toast . sonny to my wife , Norma -- and I sure hope I can keep up with she . roscoe laugh loudly and clap he on the back . pitcher tt the wedding bouquet have be stick in a pitcher stand on @ bureau . , 358 se ee 558 ay int . bedroom - sonny'' house 78 sonny sit on the edge of the bed in he pajama bottom , remove the price tag from the top . he then pull it over he head , smooth back he hair , sit wait . Norma emerge from the bathroom in a nightgown . norma | hot water tap 's leak in there . sonny 1 need a washer . , ( then ) that sure be a pretty nightgown . norma look at it quick , ' cause I be go to take it off . she come and sit beside he on the bed . norma you happy ? sonny well , I get another chance to be . they be interrupt by a hideous SOUND , the loud blasting of a car horn . it be no mere tapping of a horn ; it be a continuous , insistent , nerve-scrape blare , beginning very close , as though the car be right under they window , then gradually recede as the car drive away ; finally cease altogether . another angle 79 as Norma . lean to she husband . they go into each other 's arm ' for a long embrace . the racket resume , more emphatic than before , sever the intimacy . the car horn be a raucous , jarring howl , continue for a long , long moment directly under they window . Norma sit back tensely , alert . again , the assault begin to diminish , as the car cruise slowly away . it become a wail in the distance and again disappear . another angle 80 sonny draw she fiercely into he arm , pull she down onto the bed , throw the cover over then . cont . ) 558 45 80 cont . they begin to make love . the horn start again . the maniacal shivaree fill the night ; it be a relentless intrusion , a relentless invasion . Norma suddenly fling back the cover , snatch up a robe , fling it around she and run out . ext . the STREET 81 she stand on the porch , yell at the top of she voice at the car that be slowly cruise away , horn still blatant . norma daddy , I know it 's youl I know it 's youl quit itl leave I alonel quit mess with mee go homel there 's only room for two in that bed in there ! the car go around a corner and the SOUND of the horn ebb . the street be suddenly very quiet . int . bedroom 82 Norma return to sonny , throw the robe aside . she be defiant , angry , agitate . she snap off the light , get back into bed . but they lie still , tense , wait for the inexorable return . the moment pass . the night be peaceful . slowly Norma relax . norma it 's all right now . she turn to she husband , go into he arm . a long moment pass , then the light . go on . sonny sit up in bed , defeat . sonny I be sorry , honey , I can not do nothing . Norma turn out the light again . in the dark , she voice be heard , determine . norma yes , you canl the other presence in the room be to be fend off . of o 558 46 three bossmen 83 Three very grim , hard - face man stand at the gate as the morning shift pass they : rick lujan , dan peter , woodrow bowzer . the mood be one of confrontation , testy , edgy , muscular . another angle 84 they do not have long to wait . reuben appear , dress in ' tennis shoe , jeans and a golf slicker , a large twua button ' on he chest . he be gulp he breakfast en route , a : doughnut and a paper cup of coffee . ' he step up to the three man with a manner that be cool , firm , | and peremptory . reuben okay , I be here , and I be ready to look at you plant . the three man just stand immobile , present a formidable barrier . reuben the federal government of the United States , brother , in Federal Court order number 7778 , state the follow : the union have the right to inspect every bulletin board in the mill at least once a week , to verify in person that its notice be not be stripped off . he be finish with the coffee and look around . reuben you get a trash can ? bowzer indicate one nearby with he granite jaw . reuben . toss the empty cup into it . reuben keep America beautiful . they flank he and escort he inside . in the mill 85 '' the din be at full pitch , as always . leroy mason be wait for they . he dispense with greeting and hand reuben a pair of earmuff . cont . 558 85 cont . reuben look around , note that they be not standard issue , hand they back . reuben I think I will just keep my ear open , friend . it be necessary for voice to be raise in order to be hear above the noise ; mason hear he . he turn abruptly and begin the progress . they march , prison -style , mason in front , reuben in the center , the three bossmen bring up the rear . moving shot 86 mason go at quick -step , take off like a stripe ape . reuben let he go . after fifty foot , a hundred , mason stop , turn , see that reuben be not with he , and storm back . mason be I go too quick for you or something ? reuben look , man , I do not do high port . I do my run when il be in the Marine Corps . I be not in the Marine Corps now . mason well , if you be not in shape , we will slow down ... reuben yeah . I would appreciate that . let 's just saunter . another angle 87 the line of march begin again and reuben swerve right out cf it . he approach jed buffum at a loom , take a pad and pencil out of he shirt pocket . reuben good morning . I be reuben warshovsky of the textile worker ! Union of America . what 's you name , brother ? cont . buffum ( uneasily ) o buffun . reuben how long you work here , Mr. buffum ? buffum 1 twelve year . reuben like you job ? buffum like to keep it . another angle 88 the cohort of bossmen surround he again . bowzer warshovsky , you be interfere with the work , and the court order say you can not do that . ! reuben oc well , then , brother , let 's SF both keep to the letter of the law . bowzer ( mildly ) I do not have no kike brother . reuben I do not think you mean to use that word . bowzer yeah , I do . reuben shit , now I gotta stop and get into a fight . mason step between they . mason the bulletin board be right over there . the word separate the two antagonist . reuben turn and 4 stride directly to it . 558 at the bulletin board 89 he stand with he hand in he back pocket , rock back and forth on he heel , look at 's the board . the other come up behind he . reuben somebody 's look to get into a carpool ... somebody want to sell a bassett pup +-. and you can pick pecan at forty cent a bushel at selma landing ... pause ) only thing miss be my notice . lujan it 's there . reuben I do not see it . the man point up high , to the very top of the board . reuben 's eye follow he gesture . reuben wilt Chamberlain on stilt could read it , maybe . ( voice harden ) put it at eye level , fucker , where everybody can read it . one or two of the bossmen bridle at the epithet but mason maintain order . mason we will take note of you request . reuben ( spread he hand ) why do you guy try this horseshit ? now I get to go to the phone and call my lawyer and get them on you ass . it 's childish . ( turn to they ) where 's the pay phone and who 's get two nickel ? cont . 558 mason ( to the other , quietly ) bring it down . another angle as lujan scrape a chair over , heave he bulk up on it , pries out the thumbtack while the other man stand watch , and put it in a lower and more prominent position . reuben step forward to read the notice carefully . another angle SAM bolen hurry over , wheeze hard and full of self - importance . bolen you be not suppose to read the damn thing ! reuben no union organizer , not even a@ known union member , have be inside the fence or wall of this factory in more than ten year . I be read it . bolen read fast . reuben while I be read this , tell you what -- you go read the court order that say any agent of this company can be hold in contempt . you be mess with a contempt citation , and if you be hot for jail just keep it up . bolen ( back off ) I do not violate no law . reuben baby , you be violate the law now . mason can we finish this ? cont . 90 gl wee ee . ct nooeeeese 51 91 cont. reuben where 's the other board ? oq : mason at the other entrance . reuben show I . moving shot 92 the contingent turn and march across the length of the weaving room , over the buck floor , through the snowstorm of lint , past worker who be alert to he presence there , who turn over they shoulder to watch he , who exchange a furtive word . reuben take it all in ; more than that , he draw attention to himself : reuben hello , there ... how be you this morning ?... warshovsky of the twua ... morning , mar 'am , reuben warshovsky , twua ... hello there , sir . I 'ma union organizer , Dixie Motel downtown , door 's always open ... oo norma 93 among that he pass be Norma . they exchange a especially significant look . the MARCH gl the company phalanx grow larger as they go , with each addition taller and broad than reuben . second bulletin board 95 there be box and bolt of cloth arrange and stack in such a way as to completely block the board . confronte with the contempt the company have for its work force , the obvious manipulation he see , he stand thoughtfully a moment . it be beyond anger or outburst . reuben you know , gentleman , you average work man be not stupid -- he just get tired . ( pause ) - move that shit out of there . lg cont. | | o 52 95 cont . no one speak . the bossmen form a semicircle behind reuben , he be back up to the bulletin board . another angle 96 James Brown and two other black mill hand walk out between the row of box . they stop and look . mason look at the black man , then at he assistant . mason move the stuff . i the black man wrestle the box and bolt away , clear the board . : norma ot watch . interested , engross , make up she mind . reuben' motel room 98 it be a shamble of abandon meal , carton , filing cabinet , empty Coke bottle , dirty towel , shuck clothes , union application , batter typewriter , just - wash t-shirt hang , drip , on the floor from chair and light fixture . reuben be forking cole slaw out of a carton as he study a brief . ' there be a knock . he open the door to Norma . norma you busy ? reuben eat my dinner . norma can I come in ? reuben come on . in the room 99 she make a slow turn , take in the disorder . norma do not they ever clean up in here ? cont . 558 558 reuben ( impatiently ) I do not want them mess with my papers . I know where everything be . she seem unready to state she purpose . she amble around the room , come to rest before dorothy again . norma you hear from dorothy Finkelstein ? reuben yeah . she send I a box of onion bagel . they be ina drawer somewhere . norma I smell them . she pick up the picture idly , turn it this way and that . norma I go to beauty school once . I could fix that hair for she . reuben she 's get it under a babushka most of the time . norma ( muse ) I could sit on my hair when I be fifteen . , reuben ( pointedly ) now you sit on you hand . she give he a long , level look . norma if I join up with you , would I lose my job ? reuben no way ! you can wear a union button as big as a frisbee when you go to work . you can talk union to any mill hand who want to listen , as long as it 's during a break . you can take union pamphlet to the mill and pass ‘em along -- and there 's not 2 goddam thing they can do to touch you . cont . 54 99 cont.2 norma CO well ... I be never even in LA the girl scout -- but I will go along with you . ' reuben ' ' ( pleased ) ' you be the fish I want ' to hook . norma | ( pause ) well ... now you get I , what be you gonna do with I ? he be busy at the desk , scrabbling for application papers . ' reuben ' , make a mensch out of you . norma ) there 's that lingo again . reuben it mean somebody who go to visit the Old people 's Home { instead of play golf on Saturday morning . somebody who pay the rent for a widow . '' somebody who put a dollar in a@ blind man 's cup for a pencil . norma ( confident of she worth ) I would do that . o reuben but would you take the pencil ? norma surel I pay for it , do not I ? he waggle he finger . reuben between logic and charity fall a shadow . we could debate it all night . ( shove a blue card toward she ) sign . ( 3 cont. i 558 558 ct ee ee oe be crna ET tw 55 99 cont . 2 she sign she name with a flourish . he pick up the card and study it . reuben Norma rae webster . why do everybody around here have three name ? he put she card on top of the pile . front hall 100 Norma enter , burden with two large bag of grocery and , as she wrestle with the bag at the door and try to get the door shut with she foot , one split and potato tumble out and roll across the floor . norma damn ! I tell them to double bag itl another angle 101 as she be on the floor , try to retrieve the spill grocery , sonny come hastily to kneel beside she ; over he shoulder , in the live room , she see a strange woman . norma who 's that ? sonny ( in a whisper ) just listen . if you do not make the bed this morning , go do itl he push the bag back in she arm and return to the live room . Norma start for the kitchen , can not contain herself , follow he into the live room . int . live room 102 she plunk down the bag and face the lady firmly . norma sonny can not say no . I do not want no tupperware , no magazine subscription , no calf-bound Bible ! cont . o 558 56 102 sonny this be missus Johnson . mrs . johnson how do you do , Mrs. webster . I be from the state adoption agency . norma ( in alarm ) I get no kid up for adoption herel mrs . johnson no , no , no . Mr. webster have petition to adopt you son , Craig . another angle 103 Norma sink back into a chair . she be move . norma you sure keep it to yourself . sonny I be gonna surprise you . norma well , I be . ghe be astonished into quiet and sit listen to the wo . mrs . johnson shall we go on ? you have a child of you own ? sonny yes , that 's Alice . mrs . johnson do you feel you would be closer to you own child than to Craig ? sonny no , mar 'am , I do not . they would be treat the same in everything . mrs . johnson do you think that you might at any time come to resent the fact that the boy be illegitimate . sonny no , I would not . cont . cont . other | c™ wd 558 57 103 cont . mrs . johnson wny do you want to do this , Mr. webster ? yi sonny think about it a moment . word do not come easily to he , but he know why he want to do it . sonny if I be gonna pay for the boy 's education , and feed he and buy he he clothes , I be gonna have @ say - so in what he do . I want better for my kid than what a . he suddenly raise he head and sniff the air . then he leap up and out of he chair and bolt from the room . ext . yard 104 millie be double over in gleeful laughter as Craig run from place to place in the yard , strike large kitchen match and ignite the weed . already a patch or two be burn very nicely . sonny run up to Craig , scoops he up and give he a healthy whack across the buttock . the child wail in outrage . sonny raise he hand again -- and then hold it . another angle 105 the two woman have come out on the porch . sonny shout across the yard at Mrs. Johnson . sonny you might as well see it , ' cause it 's gonna happen when he deserve it ! and he 's get it come , right this minutet he give the boy another whack , drop he , run for the garden hose and begin to spray the flame : lunchroom . 106 Norma , wear a huge twua button , attempt to enlist wayne billing over they coffee break . booze and extra poundage be fast blur he boyish good look . norma ( hold a button out ) come on , Wayne , lemme pin it on you . ataae cover that gravy spot on you shirt . wayne what do I get if I do ? cont . 58 106 cont . norma you get nothing if you do not . have not you enough of that ? wayne you and I use to heat up that n.c.o . Club down at the base . remember ? norma bygone day . wayne well , pin it on I for bygone day , then . norma stand still . she pin the large button on hin . wayne think we will ever see that club again , Norma , honey ? : norma take you wife -- she do not get out much . she walk out quickly . on the floor 107 lujan , the bossman , bar she way . lujan : look like you stray off the reservation , Norma . norma be that right ? lujan you get you own coffee machine at you end . ' norma yeah , but I be not get a water fountain at my end , and I gotta cool my coffee down before I drink it . lujan ( flatly ) you cool everything down . she swing she hip as she walk away from he . 558 558 59 int , church 108 the white church be a bit larger , in somewhat better repair than chockoyotte . the reverend wayne hubbard , ' though minister to this flock , do its menial as well as its spiritual work , and with hammer and nail be busy mend the lectern as Norma come in . . hubbard you catch I in my shirtsleeve , Norma , norma reverend . hubbard maybe we could have some flower out of you yard for Sunday , Norma . I get spider mite eat up everything . can I help you with something ? norma how long have I be come to this church , reverend ? hubbard since you be a little girl . norma that 's right . I accept Christ when I be six year old . would you call I a good Christian ? hubbard with a lapse or two , I would say so . norma would you call yourself a good Christian ? hubbard that 's for the Lord to say . norma I want this church for a union meeting next Saturday afternoon . that 's black and white , sit together . he stop he work and put down he hammer , hubbard this be a house of God . cont . 558 60 108 cont . norma that 's what I be wait to see -- if it be or it be not . hubbard you be come close to blasphemy , Norma . norma I have come here and I have say that I have sin and I have do wrong and I be sorry and I want God to forgive I . now I want to see what this church stand for . I want to see if you will stand up in that pulpit and say there should be justice , there should be union , if you be oppress , fight back , if you be smitten , rise up -- and the Lord will be on you side . if you do not do that , I say there 's nothing in this church that 's any good to I and I will leave it flat . hubbard we will miss you voice in the choir , Norma . norma you will hear it raise up someplace else . and she turn on she heel and walk out on he . sonny'' house 109 Norma pull up to the curb behind reuben 's car , park and get out , four black man and one white emerge with she . she say to they : norma you all go in and sit down . I will be right there . then she turn purposefully and walk directly across the street . norma and dan peter lio Peters stand on the walk to he house , make a elaborate ritual of fill a pipe , tamping it down , suck on it , as he study the activity in front of he , cont . | 558 61 110 cont . his small boy tyler rock on a swing on the porch behind he , Norma come up to the man , norma we be hold a meeting at my house , dane Union business and then lemonade and cookie . gingersnap . i'11 roll up the front shade so you can see right in . washed . my window Saturday so you should not have ' any trouble . Norma sail back across the street to she house . at her door lil sonny be wait for she , perturb . sonny you be go too far now , Norma . this here be where we live . norma ' how be I go too far ? sonny bunch of black man in there ... you be gonna get we in a lot of trouble . : norma I never have any trouble with black man , only trouble I ever have in my life be with white man . she go inside . int , live room 112 reuben be already present , together . with another handful of mill hand , black and white . among that who have come be James Brown , lucius White , bonnie mae and roscoe , mavis pruitt . they be seat on the sofa and on wooden chair line around in a circle . < a few man stand against the wall , hold they cap in they hand . cont. hoy 558 62 112 cont . there be no sense of be ill at ease ; only of gravity , fatigue , need . reuben speak . reuben I remember some of you from the chockoyotte Church ... I do all the talk that day , I would like you to talk now . there be silence for a moment , henry prouty , a old man , look around the circle , clear he throat , . abner sack a man 's work should be a man 's work -- not a term in jail . woodrow thompson I get a cousin on the chain gang , say I do not work as hard as you do . a work - wear woman smooth the fold in she lap , reluctant to speak , but she do so , velma stackhouse Excuse I for say this with man folk here , but if I get my menstrual cramp , which come pretty hard , they will not lemme sit down on my job . louise picken they say you gotta keep to you foot unless you bring a note from the doctor . we would not say we be sick if we be not . jame brown I look at a brick wall all day . use to be a window there but they come and brick it up to give we the feel we be shut in . we control you soul , brother and sister , for all this period -- and beware ! that 's what they be say with that wall . a couch spring twang and a coil of wire poke up , cause Louise picken to jump to she foot . Norma be apologetic . cont . o 558 '' norma the kid be jump on it all the time . ( bring a chair ) sit here . ray towner all through the mill they get this cotton dust and lint that fill up the air . ( pause slightly ) I get brown lung . cough all night and my wife do not sleep . linette odum my husband averill die of brown lung two month ago . his children're go to grow up without know he . I get all he clothes if someone could use them . int . kitchen 113 later . Norma and reuben be alone , she have brew a pot of coffee . he be . hunch over he cup , dissatisfied . reuben I be not get the message across . Fifteen people out of eleven hundred . norma you be a outsider . down here thing take time . this be not no New York , where you grab a taxi and grab you hat -- another angle 114 they be interrupt by the appearance of a very sleepy millie in the doorway . millie momma , Craig be wetting the bed . norma ( as she go ) I tell he not to drink Coke before he go to sleep . reuben sit @ moment , then rise to foliow she . o 64 hallway 115 he wander after she , still sip from he cup . he continue talk to she through the open door to the bathroom , where she kneel and support a still sleep Craig on the toilet . a little tinkling SOUND accompany they talk . reuben we have get to get this thing move . it 's bogging down on I . norma buy a jug of corn whiskey and pick I up on Saturday . we will hit the back road . ( look down ) finish , honey ? Craig nod once and he head fall to he chest . she hoist he off the toilet , pull up he pajamas , lift he in she arm . montage : . 116 - . 120 a . a country store on the outskirt of town , Saturday leisure for half a dozen man in work clothes from . the mill consist of sit or squatting on the gallery of the store with pocketknive and chunks of wood . reuben put he foot up on the porch while Norma take a rc cola out of the ice chest and cool down . '' in a gesture calculate to make he one of they , reuben take out a penknife , pries open a blade and begin to whittle as he address the man in dumb-show . chip fly off he stick as he become evermore impassion , the man listen impassively . before he know it , he have whittle he stick down to a toothpick , which snap in he hand . Norma laugh . B. a creek a baptism be take place , people stand knee-high in a little creek . a virginal girl in a white robe , frighten and transport , be tip backward and submerge . she be lift , hair stream , gasp , drench . a hand reach into the shot -- c. another angle -- as Norma lean forward to press a blue union card into the girl 's outflung hand . cont. o tb 65 116 - cont. 120 D. a eating stand a crude , misspel , hand - lettere sign read : " pig pete' bar -b-q... pork rib , pork chop , pig' nuckle , pig' feet . " reuben set himself a little grimly , reach around he neck to remove the chain with the large mogen navid on it , and tuck in manfully as Norma distribute leaflet to the man cluster around . E . a yard a mill worker keep chicken in a roost and a single dairy cowe as reuben stand in close and serious talk with the man , the cow wander up . reuben put a hand on its rump and shove it -- the cow bellow , wheel and shit as it lumber away -- and reuben be splatter from chin to boot . Norma offer a laconic comment . norma it 's only grass and water , reuben ... at a swimming hole lea a little river run through sand and clay , the grass spot with blue and white daisy , shelter by a row of sedge . the sun be high , the air still , and reuben be in the water , roll and snort , naked , content . another angle . 122 Norma be downstream a little on the bank , vigorously scrubbing he soile clothes . she look up at he . norma this be where we use to swim when we be kid . we would hookey off from school , come down here , shuck we clothes and jump in , reuben the only water I ever see when I be a kid be when we open a fire hydrant on 110th Street with a monkey wrench , he float on he back , very much at peace with the world . reuben ahh ... this be the life , cont . o o 66 122 cont. norma it 's just a mudhole . reuben it 's cool off my mosquito bite . norma , 123 she wring out the wet jeans and then spread they on a rock , norma that 's as clean as they be gonna get . . then she lean back on she heel , wipe the sweat from she face . norma God , it 's hot ... I be come in . she get up and begin to shed she clothes matter - of - factly . reuben 124 he swim about lazily , enjoy himself , when he turn again , Norma be in the water near he . reuben and norma 125 they tread water in place , hardly rippling the surface , quiet , cool down . norma there use to be a farmer around here with a B - B gun . I hope he 's move . reuben there 's something flick around my toe . norma minnow , they will not hurt you , ( grin a little ) you be sure a fish out of water down here , be not you ? cont . 558 67 125 cont. reuben it 's not exactly my native habitat . norma what would you do at home on a day like this ? reuben play handball at the ymha . go ' see aida at the met. eat chinese . get in a poker game . hit the sack . norma I have be two place in my life . millageville and piston . reuben New York 's a great town . get a great zoo , jazz joint , terrific food , theater , beautiful woman ... norma you be homesick , reuben . reuben yeah . ( pause ) you get up on @ fall morning , look out over the park , the top of the tree be red . you see a pretty girl with a long scarf tie around she neck , long leg , long hair , you know before the day 's over , you be go to meet that girl . about five o'clock , when everybody start rush for home , when the street be jamme , you be turn into a irish bar , and she will be there . you will sit ata little table with you knee touch , drink a over - priced martini , loquacious , tumescent , terrific . then you eat a garlicky italian dinner , get hustle on madison Avenue for a buck , kiss she good night and lose she phone number , .- eNew York , what a townec . cont . 68 125 cent norma I will never get there , reuben why not ? norma I be bear poor , I will stay poor , I will probably die poor . she submerges , reappear , she hair stream ; she brushes it back from she eye . norma you get a skinny build . reuben yeah . norma sonny work out with weight . reuben I try that . dropped them and break my foot . norma well , you do not have to worry . you get a head on you , and you use it . she turn and climb out of the water , pick up she shirt acd begin toweling off . he follow . they stand since ty side , naked , back to the camera , drying themselves . int , sonny'' bedroom 126 sonny , in bed , groan and wake to the SOUND of he wif voice , come from the kitchen . he rear up on a elbow , squint with one eye at the bedside clock -~ it be past eleven . he be irritate at not find she beside he -- suddenly he throw back the cover and head for she . int , kitchen 127 Norma be at the phone , a long checklist of name on aj , 4a beside , most of they already cross off . she be wear glass , a baggy old . sweater , a pencil in she disorder hair . cont . 558 69 127 cont . / norma «eesure , I know why we get @ bad connection -- they probably get a tap on my phone . hey , youl you listen ? this be - Norma rae webster , talk union to Henry Willis . sonny , rumple , aggrieve , wear short , appear in the doorway and stand , watch he wife . norma I be on tonight and every night , no commercial , same old story , union , union , union , tell you bossman to tape I and you can go on home to you wife and kid . ( then ) Henry , you still there ? the line buzy in she ear , the connection break . norma damn ! she hang up angrily , sit fume a moment , then yank out the pencil , put a question mark after Henry 's name , finally become aware of she husband : in the doorway . another angle 128 as sonny speak shortly . sonny you be not get any sleep and I be not get any sleep and we both gotta go ‘to work in the morning . norma I get a hundred name to call here . sonny that gonna go on we phone pill ? norma it will come out of my paycheck , how 's that ? o 558 70 another angle 129 he do not answer , pad past she to the refrigerator , pour a glass of cold milk , take a mouthful , make a face , sloshes the rest into the sink , sonny this milk 's sour . norma I do not get to the market . sonny ( goad ) . you do not get to the market and you do not get to the wash and you do not get to the kid and you do not get to I . norma ( with icy calm ) be that right ? sonny ( raging on ) we be eat they freeze tv dinner , the kid be go around in dirty jeans , and I be go without altogether ! another angle 130 Norma push back from the table , make a very large show of it , norma okay . you want cooking ? you get cooking . there be a tremendous clatter as she yank open cupboard door and pot tumble out in every direction , strewn by the fury of she gesture . she slam one on the stove , grab a hunk of meat and some cabbage from the refrigerator , throw the meat into the pot , add water , whacks the cabbage in half , toss that in as well , bang the lid on top of cont . o o 558 71 130 cont . she whirl on sonny again . norma you want laundry ? you get laundry . another angle 131 she open a bin stuff to the brim with dirty clothes . she haul out a huge armload , dump it in the sink , run the tap water , pour liquid soap over it . she face sonny . once more , norma you want irone ? you get irone ! she snatch up a shirt out of a basket of unironed clothes , pull open a cupboard door , wrestle out the irone board , kick it vehemently into a upright position , grab a iron , jam it into a plug . she spread out the shirt , spit on she finger and test the iron 's heat , begin make furious swipe . over she shoulder she hurl a final question at sonny : norma you wanna make love ? get behind I and lift my skirt and we will make lovel another angle 132 as sonny stand look at she , half - admire , certainly defeat . sonny Norma , Norma ... bobbin room 133 during break time , Norma pass among the mill hand with a sheaf of leaflet , hand they out . she come suddenly face - to- face with she father . cont . o 72 133 cont . vernon well , I do not bump into you much this day . norma be you all right , daddy ? vernon about the same . norma you color 's bad . have you be drink ? vernon oh , I take a-thimbleful or so . norma it 's not good for you . vernon what 's the difference , honey ? I be beginning to wonder when I lie down if I be gonna get up . norma do not talk old to I , I do not like it . she embrace he fiercely , touch by a strange forebode . vernon one of this night I be gonna come by and take you to a grand dinner ... she nod and leave he , weaving through the crowd of mill hand until she be out of sight . 558 73 int , motel room 134 it be late . reuben sit with he leg on the desk , study brief ; Norma be at a typewriter at another desk , peck away with two finger . she pause to erase , peck again , make another mistake , erase again , pull the paper out , crumple it up and throw it down . she yawn widely . reuben ( without look up ) James , norma he go home a hour ago . he grunt , go back to he read . norma I oughta be go home . she get up , rub she back , go to the open window , get a deep breath of air . another angle 135 as she turn back , she note that a new picture of dorothy Finkelstein have arrive . she go to it idly . norma how 's dorothy ? . reuben ( absorb in he read ) Fine . norma I see you get another picture . reuben my mother send it . norma I bet she get along with you mother . he finally look up . reuben be you kid ? my mother love she . she 's a lawyer , she 's jewish , she 's a lefto , and she 's a great cook . what the hell else could she want ? cont . revised - " norma rae " - 3/27/78 of 135 cont . she put the picture down , stare at it a moment longer . she seem a little wistful . norma how would she get to be so smart ? reuben book . xx he rummages in one of half a dozen brown paper bag , look for food , come up with a banana , peel it , eat it voraciously . x another bag yield a final can of beer . he pull the tab , hold it out while it foam , drink deeply . reuben dinner . a banana and beer . ( go back to the subject ) book ! you read them under the cover with a flashlight , you read them down in the subway , you put ‘em in you lunch pail , you take them to the bathroom and read them on the toilet . ' it 's the only way up -- it 's the only way out . ( burp and thump he chest ) Excuse I . another angle 136 she wander past the row of book he have strewn about , pick one up at random . norma who 's Dylan Thomas ? reuben a poet , a drunk , a genius . cont . / 558 revised - " norma rae " - 3/27/78 75 ~136 cont. norma what do he write about ? reuben Love , sex , death , and other matter of consequence . norma be he hard to read ? reuben yeah . norma then why should I bother ? reuben ' Cause he 's get something to say . xx norma I will try he . Hell , there 's nothing but rerun on television . reuben do not eat while you read I can not stand egg yolk on my pook . she stand riffling through the page . bobbin room 137 in the thunder weave section , amidst the din and the fly lint , a spot-checker stop behind Vernon , work down a row of pump bobbin . the man shake he shoulder , shout in he ear , indicate that he should speed up . Vernon 's hand fly , he work at top speed ; sweat with the exertion . the church 138 reuben open the door to the chockoyotte Church and enter . int , church 139 it be empty . a kitten have get in and pick its way along the altar , pause to lift its head and stare at the intruder . baffle , reuben sit down in a pew at the back and wait . a cause , a man , and a cat . 76 latting house 140 reuben pull up in front of a ramshackle home , its paint wear down to grey board , a step or two break , the porch list , a abandon mattress fall apart in the yard . he knock . another angle 141 as Warren latting open the door , the man be still work stain from he day at the mill , hollow - eye , exhaust . reuben nobody show at the meeting today . what 's go on ? warren they get we on a stretch -out . put we on a three - day week . twice as much work and half the pay . on accout of you . you just stand there a minute . another angle 14e he disappear , leave reuben to cool he heel on the perch . in a moment he be back with a steaming pot in he hand . he lift the lid . warren there 's six turnip and two quart of water in there , Supper for seven people . go sell you union someplace else , he kick the door shut in reuben 's face , reuben explode ; the street fighter in he come out . he pound on the decor with he fist until it threaten to give away on its rotting hinge and shout at the top of he voice , reuben goddamn it , Warren , do not slam the fuck door on I ! I be try to get you power ! another angle 143 in the house on either side , startle face appear at the window to glimpse the disturber of the peace . in the office 144 reuben be paw through a large stack of the blue card so hard win . Norma , James Brown and lucius White watch he . he be still on the nervous edge of energy , tense , temperish , combative . cont . '' 77 . 144 cont . reuben somebody get the measle , everybody get the measle . jame maybe they be too tired to come , everybody 's pretty beat out , work so hard . reuben you can include I ! lucius while we be plan , they be plan . this stretch - out 's just the first of what they can hit we with . jame they get away from we , we gotta get them back , walk in a bunch . show them we be solid . ( gently ) come on , reuben , but reuben sit with he head in he hand . Norma needle he , norma what 's the matter , reuben ? you run out of gas ? reuben I need to go to a concert , I need a italian movie . I need some chop herring . norma I could try make you some of that chicken soup and matza dumpling ... reuben ( crossly ) ball ! ball ! another angle , 145 he spread the card out . reuben all right . let 's get a count on how many we get . everybody grab a handful . '' 558 cont . 558 78 145 cont . they each pick up a group of card . Norma look at the first one strangely . norma who 's this billy Joe hawkins ? I never hear of he . James have find one that puzzle he . jame I get Lindsay Perkins here . he die last year . ' ' ' lucius have discover a odd one . lucius ) blayden . he move he family 1 to Jackson ... jame josh Little , Jr. there be not no josh ' ittle , Jr. in that 5 factory ... reuben begin flipping card , bark out name . reuben ab Harris , herman burk , ardean Miller , Frank dorn , Dan decker , wiley bain ... he look up at the other . James Brown shake he head emphatically . jame no , sir . that fellow do not work at we plant . norma that name be dummy . ( pause ) somebody want you to think you get more member than you get . another angle 146 a stressful moment follow , in which reuben look around thoughtfully at he three helper , ' now he have to face the possibility that he have be infiltrate . outside there be a squeal of brake , a car skid to a hait . 0 558 79 in front of the motel 147 Wayne billing swing jauntily out of a station wagon that have be turn into a union float : it be plaster with banner and pennant '' U.S. flag front and back and a large sign on top say , " I 'm for twua . " int , motel 148 as Wayne enter , he find four impassive face regard he coolly . he drop a impressive - look batch of card down on the desk . : wayne here 's some more body for you . reuben flip one over to James , who glance at it briefly . jame body be right , this one 's be in the boneyard for ten year . another angle 149 reuben rise . there be suddenly a impending sense of violence in the closely - pack little room , reuben I do not want to make a mess of you here , because I eat and sleep here . he throw the false card into he face . Wayne 's mouth cpen and close , open and close again . he look from one tc the other ; all four be clench against he . he suddenly gc beserk , he stomp out . ext , motel 150 he run to the station wagon , a bull on a rampage , strip the huge sign off the’ top and start tear it violently to piece . he rip off the banner , the pennant , the sign , the flag , fling they onto the blacktop , stomping on they , grind they under he heel , flail the wooden pole that hold they against the side of the car until they splinter . then he reach through the window into the glove compartment , snatch up something , and come run back , another angle 151 reuben and the other have step into the open doorway to watch he . hysterical , the man charge up at he , scrabble through a box of cartridge , grab a bullet and ram it into reuben 's belly . o 558 80 another angle 152 reuben look down at the gleam copper cartridge , then back up at Wayne 's face , tremble with the ague of uncontrolled lage . reuben man , you can not do it that way . what you have get to do be get a gun , put that thing in a chamber , point it at a guy , and pull the trigger . that 's how you do it . ) Wayne 's head be shaking from side to side ; otherwise , he seem paralyze . reuben take the bullet from he hand , lift the hand , open the palm , hold the bullet suspend above it , then drop it in . bobbin room 153 Vernon work at a accelerate clip , the bobbin reeling off yarn . he be like a man at stoop labor , bend , rise , bend , rise . another angle 154 he suddenly sit down on the floor , he eye close . the bobbin keep jerk up and down before he , . Jimmy Jerome Davis come over , put he face down close so he can hear , vernon I do not feel too good . like to go lie down . jimmy jerome you get a break come up in fifteen minute , Vernon . . : vernon I need to go now , jimmy jerome you hold on , Vernon . you preak 's come up . he pat Vernon on the back and walk on , vernon 155 he try to resume work and then fall into the bobbin . they continue to pump up and down around he inert body . o 558 81 graveyard 156 like everything else in millageville , the graveyard be hard , harsh , grave wrest out of rocky soil . people who have spend they life in unremitte work come to a stony rest place here , Norma , leona , the child , sonny , uncomfortable in a dark suit , stand by the open grave as the pine box be lower . reuben and a group of mill hand , friend of Vernon 's , stand at a respectful distance . another angle 157 a truck lumber past the mourner , back up to the open grave . the grave digger step out of the way . the tailgate drop down ; white sand sift down onto the pine box in a steady stream , slowly cover it . Norma turn to she mother . . norma I just could not stand the think of dirt go over he like that . the white sand now completely cover the coffin . another angle 158 there be a sudden movement among the factory worker . as the grave be close , a few of they move toward Norma . they pay they last respects to Vernon witchard by place in Norma 's hand a sign blue union card . norma 159 she hold three or four card in she hand and turn to look at reuben , norma ( harshly ) - somebody 's gotta die to get ‘em , . int , motel 160 two man enter the tiny lobby . al london and SAM dakin be both middle - age , matter - of - fact , tough , seasoned . they go past the desk clerk without a word , turn down the hall , int , hall 161 they stride through the dark corridor , look at room number , they find the number they want , knock . there be no answer . they throw the door open and move in , oo 558 int , reuben' office 82 162 it be late and Norma , exhaust , have throw clutter off the bed , curl up on it and fall into a deep sleep . another angle 163 she awaken with a start to find two stranger stand in the doorway and look down at she . Norma stand . norma who be you look for ? the two man be present on business and have no time for amenity . london warshovsky around ? norma he 's at the printer 's , london pretty late for the printer 's ... norma reuben keep he work late . dakin we will talk to you ' till he get back . you be Norma rae , be not you ? : norma ( sense hostility ) I be missus webster . dakin we be from the union . National headquarters , ( point to the other man ) Al London , and I be Sam dakin . norma as long as you be here , I will give you my shopping list . we need envelope , we need type paper , we need stamp , we. need a loudspeaker , we could use a couple more typewriter that do not stick . cont . 83 163 cont . london yo we be not in office supplies , cy missus webster . Sat norma you be not around much , either . another angle 164 as reuben walk in . if he be surprised to see the man , he do not show it . they shake hand all around . reuben how be you , Sam ? you have get fat . dakin yeah , I put on a couple of pound . reuben how be you , Al ? london lousy , I get a cold , there be a awkward pause , ) reuben what bring you ? london you be not get up much of @ head of steam , reuben . reuben you have have my report , you know what I be up against . dakin we be worried , reuben that make three of we . dakin this be a small Baptist Southern town . we have to keep we nose very clean . 2 cont . 558 558 84 164 cont . reuben ( reacting to the pressure ) you see any snot on mine ? dakin maybe missus webster would like to leave ? another angle 165 as Norma turn to go , reuben raise a hand . she stop in she track . reuben why should she leave ? dakin this concern she , I be try to make it easy for she . reuben ( irritably ) come on , come on , it 's late . what be it ? dakin the company want we to look bad . they be go to use everything they can to make we look bad . you know , this mill hand go to church every Sunday , and she 's talk union to them , ( pause slightly ) they say she be in a porno movie , with a member of the local police department , very explicit . reuben show it to I . run it for I , dakin there do not have to be a movie if there 's talk that there be one . this lady have have a illegitimate child . she 's sleep around . she take nap on you bed late at night . cont . 558 85 165 cont . reuben what the fuck be this ? be we in the character assassination business or be we in the union business ? all of a sudden , after I have put in a eighteen hour day , I get the legion of decency on my hand ! she 's be break she ass for this organization . she do not see she kid , she do not have time to take a bath ! what the fuck - do I care if she 's get round heel ? be this the Catholic Church ?... be we go to canonize she ? what the shit be this ! dakin this be you show , reuben ... but maybe she ought to go . reuben make it stick . if you can not , get out of here . ( throw open the door ) get out of here anyway . dakin ( to Norma ) I be sorry about this , Mrs. webster , it 's part of my job -- but I could do without it . he motion to London . the two man leave . ancther angle 166 Norma and reuben be alone in the room . she be grateful for he defense but aware of the gravity of the situation . neither speak a moment . norma I would not hurt the union , if you want I to quit , I will . reuben ( irritably ) how come you be sleep ? I ask you to type that letter , she go to the typewriter , rub a sore spot in she back . he jam a cigar in he mouth and go back to he work . o 558 86 ext . witchard house 167 Norma get out of she car , haul a bag of grocery with she . her mother be in a chair on the front porch , solitary , motionless , the evening paper unread across she lap . a garden hose drip water on she plant in coffee can lining the porch . Norma hail she as she cross the lawn , norma I bring you laundry soap , I bring you bread , I bring you some ground chuck -- it be on sale , leona sit down , you look perspire . with a groan , Norma put the bag down , sit on the top step at she mother 's foot . : norma I do not know why that housewive have to shop just when we get off we shift . leona I have tell you , you do not have to market for I . I can go over to the store after supper , when it 's cool , and get my few little thing . norma if I do not market , you would not eat anything . you would eat cracker and drink coffee . anyway -- it give I a chance to come and sit down and talk to you . ( look up at she ) momma , you be cry ? leona I be think of you daddy . ( pause ) I be think how short a person 's life be . you gotta hurry to catch you goal , do not let the day pass ... you daddy be a young man , then he be a old one . I wonder -- do he leave thing undone ? do he leave thing unsaid ? cont . ! 87 167 cont. leona ( cont . ) ( look at she daughter ) child , if there 's something you want , do not wait all the way down the line to get it . norma be there something you want you do not get ? leona if there be , I have forget it . norma momma , would not you like to come and stay with I ? the kid be around , they make a lot of noise , it 's cheerful . leona I be use to this house , norma ( worried ) what if you fall down the step ? what if you fall in the bathtub ? what if something happen to you ? leona then it will . Norma suddenly reach for she mother 's hand and kiss it , leona now what be that for ? norma for you -- and for I , ( rise ) I be go in and boil you a ‘egg . leona no , let 's just sit out here and rest a while , Norma sit again , lean back against she mother 's knee , leona stroke she hair . 558 ry o 558 88 int . bathroom of reuben' motel 168 every inch of space be now in full use ; even the bathtub be cramme with carton and papers . pull back . somehow a card table have be wedge into the bathroom and two girl sit face each other at typewriter , hard at it . int , motel room 169 a dozen people fill the single motel room , stuff envelope , address they , check off list , on the telephone . peter gallat come through the door and Norma , look up from she work table , attack he immediately . norma you get off you shift . at three , you be suppose to be here at three - fifteen , and it 's four-fifteen ! where the hell you be ? you work for this union or be not you ? peter I be get my tooth fill . norma you be get you beer gut fill ! peter chew you old man out at home and get off I , Norma . norma I be just start on you . I be give , nine , ten , eleven , twelve hour . and that 's every day ! there 's a pile of work around here . we be do we piece of it , you do you piece of it -- or do not call yourself a union member ! another angle 170 reuben unwind himself from he crowded desk , rise slowly and walk over , Norma find herself face to face with he . reuben ( coldly ) shut you cake-hole , Norma . her face mirror she astonishment at he sudden , brusque attack . cont . 558 ee eee ae 89 170 cont. reuben in fact , get the hell out of the office . - norma what do I do ? I just say what be so . from its cacophony of SOUND , the room have suddenly become very still . reuben show she he thumb , jabbing it toward the door . reuben out . for a moment , she do nothing . then , quite simply , she turn to look for she purse , pick it up and walk out . the silence in . thé room persist . int , coffee shop 171 in the shop attach to the motel , look out on the scummy pool , Norma sit alone over a cup of coffee and a wedge of pie . but the food remain untouched before she . she be think . the door swing open and reuben . enter , look around . he see she and amble over , slide into the booth across from she . he look at she for a long , level moment . reuben mouth . she say nothing . he take she fork , sample she pie , like it , pull it toward he and begin to eat it . reuben you be too muscular . you can not come down that hard on a man and leave he he ball . easy , Norma . easy do it . Jesus . if you be in the State Department , we would be at war . norma you be right . I get a big mouth . ( pause ) you know , cotton mill worker be know as trash by some , and I know this union be the only way we can have we own voice and make ourselves better . I guess that 's why I push . cont. a a a a ieee ses 558 90 171 cont . reuben we own mother Jones , norma who 's she ? reuben she be a considerable lady . she make it happen for coal miner in West Virginia . norma then you be not sore at I ? reuben if the situation call for a smart , loud , profane , sloppy , hard - work woman , I would pick you every time out . norma ( after a moment ) how come sloppy ? nobody wear a girdle anymore . but she be pleased . and placate . another angle 172 the waitress be at they table , hold a check . reuben ( rise ) give it to she . I do not order anything . norma well , hell , you eat it . but he be already stride out the door , go back to work . Norma rummages in she purse for some change . close shot 173 Jimmy Davis be tack up a notice on the bulletin board in the weaving room . very large black letter command the reader : all employees attention phone booth 174 a agitate Norma be on the phone , impatiently listen to the ring . at last the other end be pick up . cont . _ 91 174 cont . norma it 's I , Norma . all right , it be I , Norma . forget the grammar -- T gotta see you right away . meet I on my break . she hang up , step out , come face to face with Tommy gardner . she speak to he airily . norma Calling my kid to see if they get home from school . tommy ( nail the lie ) you kid be in the grocery store with my kid , buy candy . they do it every day . norma maybe that 's why my dentist 's bill be busting I . and she walk back to work . a yard 175 a fight break out , one of the white worker round on a black , send he daze to he knee with a violent blow . the black be up instantly and at the white : a close - in , savage fight . in the next moment , the confrontation expands ; four white join in , half a dozen black meet they , more white advance . there be now a general melee in the yard . there be a uproar as each side champion its own . company man come on the run to quell it . at the fence - moving shot 176 Norma and reuben meet . they prowl the fence between they . reuben what start it ? norma they put up a letter . they be tell the white that the black _ @re gonna run the union , take it - over and push them around . you tell a white man that a black man be gonna sit on he head -- ( gesture ) -- and this be what you get . cont . g2 | 176 cont . { reuben | I like it when that prick get | mean . we can take legal action . get I the letter . norma I can not just waltz in and take it off the board . they be watch . reuben how good 's you memory ? t norma | well -- I still do not know the whole salute to the flag . i reuben get somebody to help you . learn , a line at a time . write it down . norma ( hesitates a moment ) it remind I of the time I pinch a lipstick out of the five and dime . reuben do you get catch ? norma no . I go back the next week for curler . reuben then you ought to know how . they separate , each go quickly . int . shear hall 177 sipping from a paper cup on she coffee break , Norma saunter toward the bulletin board and past it . she turn with elaborate nonchalance , come back and stop in front of it . she read quickly , then shut she eye tight , she mouth move . she hit she head with the palm of she hand , as if to drive the information home . then she hurry to the lady room . another angle 178 as bonnie amble by the bulletin board , pause , look at it intently for a long moment , then hurry after Norma , int , lady ' room 179 as bonnie enter . Norma be busy lean on the sink , write on a piece of toilet paper with a eyebrow pencil . cont . revised - " norma rae " - 3/27/78 93 i | i79 cont. | iy norma i ( mutter o ' , .. you black employee be be tell that by go into the union in mass you can dominate it and control it in this plant as you may : see fit . if now ...! : ( hesitates ) : oe ' if now ...! ( lose it ) damn ! what 's next ? I can not ; ' remember . : ! t ' another angle 180 ' bonnie have in the meantime get pencil and paper ready , have lick the point of the pencil , but have draw a total blank . bonnie ( wail ) Norma , I can not remember the first word . my God , I forget it . from out there to in here . norma think of it like a song . if it ( be a dolly parton song , you would cb remember it . sing it if you gotta . bonnie do you get some ? norma I get a piece of it . she fold the toilet paper and put it down she bra . bonnie now view it as a conspiratorial romp . bonnie : hey , Norma . do you suppose they get x a@ microphone in here . Norma be overcome with the same giddy mood . norma I would not put it past ‘em . x she tiptoe to the towel dispenser and whisper : norma ( be I talk loud enough ? be xx . you listen , 0.p .? cont . —¥ sy 558 94 180 cont . bonnie go to the mirror and waggle she hand at it , as if _ it conceal a viewer on the other side . bonnie yoo-hoo , yoo-hoo . Norma go to the trash can and bend over to it . norma hey ! this be I . correction . it be i. both woman break up in gale of laughter . close shot 181 a long strip of toilet paper with a black scrawl from one end to the other . pull back . it be night . reuben be hold Norma 's transcription at arm 's length , read it . he put it down and turn to she . reuben where 's the rest ? norma that 's the most I could get . reuben mata hari . norma they be watch we every minute . he see the futility of it and he voice harden . reuben it 's the best chance we have get to nail this bastard , to get them with they pants down . they get they butt in a icy wind this time . do not tell I you can not remember it , you can not get it . walk up to it , stand there , copy it down , word for word , line for line . get the date , get the signature , get it all -- and get it back to I ! norma I will get fire . cont . 181 cont . reuben 0 I will run you a benefit . she give he a odd look . she have have a hard line from man before . : | | norma thanks a lot . ' he be excited , goad , tired , tense . thing be come to a head . reuben if you want to get massage , go to @ massage parlor . you either get lick or you do not get lick . norma listen . I get three kid . I get a drawer full of bill . I get a husband do not like what I be do . I will do it . but I do not need you boot on my backside , mister warshovsky . another angle 182 cs he pour himself a cup of coffee from the plug - in coffee a maker , stand look down into it . reuben goddamn sludge have be stand here for three day ... there be a silence . she look at he calmly , cooliy . norma I be go to tell you something , reuben , reuben what be you go to tell I , Norma ? norma you be away from home a long time . you be all business . you be get crabby . you need @ woman . reuben funny you should mention it . tonight 's the night . '' 558 cont . o o 558 revised - '' norma rae " - 3/27/78 96 182 cont . he put down the cup , yank he jacket off the back of a chair , struggle into it . he start for the door . she can not resist a parting shot . norma I wonder what dorothy would say . reuben wear a rubber . he slam out . norma 183 clipboard in hand , she go straight to the bulletin board . she write briskly , snatching a phrase off the letter with a glance , then look down as she hand scrawl quickly . in order to transcribe accurately , she prounounce each phrase aloud . norma ( quote ) ' , .. that where union be strike occur , strike : mean loss of work , loss of pay , and often loss of job ... Strike and trouble , which often end up in serious violence ... ' another angle 184 Rick iujan be beside she . he mean business . lujan you can not take down that letter . x norma it 's up here on the bulletin x° board -- and I be gonna copy it . Dan Peters join they . peter Norma , you better not . x norma ( dogge ) Dan , I be gonna take down every x word of this letter . it 's my break time , and I be gonna take down every word of this letter . he reach out as if to take she arm and stop she , but she pull away fiercely . cont . ! revised - " norma rae " - 3/27/78 of | 184 cont . | ' | i , norma | on just keep out of my way ! I be | cu gonna take down this letter ! | now leroy mason approach . : mason 1 ) hello , Norma . | | norma | why , Mr. mason , you know who ' I be . ) } 4 , mason ' , Norma , you just put you pencil , and paper away . 1 ' ' she ignore he and continue to write as rapidly as she can . I i mason you just stop what you be do '' -- right now -- ' cause you be | . about to leave . ' she whirl around . ' | norma : aan you better not put a hand on I . qw another angle 185 as the three man take a step back , two of they look at mason to see what to do next . mason the law 's come and it 's gonna take you right out of this plant . norma Mr. mason , I start this and -- I be gonna finish this -- the three man be stunne into silence and inactivity . she turn back to the board and calmly finish she task . then she fold she note , shove they in she pocket . another angle 186 peter let 's go to the office , Norma . she go with the two man , back across the long hall , people ( turn to watch . 558 revised - " norma rae " - 3/27/78 98 x int , mason's office 187 a number of man be array in force against she : lujan , Peters , moody , alston , mason . mason descend on she sternly . mason why do you make personal phone call on company time ? by way of reply she suddenly whip out pencil and paper . norma I would like you to spell out you name for I . mason ( interrupt ) now you be be foolish , Norma rae . she drop the pencil and paper in she lap , put she hand over she ear and close she eye , embattle . norma look , Mr. mason , nobody 's on my side around here , and I be not gonna leave until I set down all you name on this piece of paper . mason ( explode ) I do not want you on the premise . you make a phone call to you husband and tell he to come fetch you . I want you out of here right quick . she stay plant in she chair , eye close , hand over she ear . she be beginning to show the strain . norma you be gonna have to call the law to get rid of I . and you better make it the sheriff , too . it better be sheriff lamar Miller to come get I , it better be he , it better not be any policeman , ' cause he be a friend of my daddy 's . I get a jealous husband and he know lamar and I will not just go with anybody . lamar Miller 's the sheriff.of millageville so he better be the one . she get up without another word and walk out of the office . 558 ce ENE see a SE revised - " norma rae " - 3/27/78 99 on the floor 188 she go back to the loom but she do no work ! she merely stand there . everyone on the floor stand in silence , attentive . the room be charge with tension . another angle 189 a pinkerton man in uniform come toward she . when he be about ten foot away , she raise she hand . he stop . norma ( sing it out ) forget it . I be stay put -- x right where I be . the man shrug , turn and leave . she look around the floor . all eye be on she . she stand rigid . another , angle , 190 there be a SOUND of a door slamming , a great metallic clang . now a CITY policeman be warily approach she . she wait until he be close and then she shout , so that the man be halt in he track . norma it 's gonna take you and the x police department and the fire department and the National Guard to get I out of here . the policeman hesitates , vacillate , then take another rather uncertain step or two forward . Norma , concerned , back away . norma I be wait on the sheriff to x come drive I home and I be not budging until he arrive . but the policeman continue to shuffle toward she . another angle 191 at bay , surround , alone , the pressure intense , she suddenly reach around behind she and fumble for a sheet of stiff cardboard . she grab lipstick , and with one eye X on the policeman , she strike off some heavy block letter on the cardboard . then with one thrust , she hoist herself up on top of a radiator and stand on it . reverse shot 192 everyone on the floor be watch she , bonnie close to tear , leona shake and tense , James Brown , George Hubbard , Ray Buck , frustrated , immobilize , await the outcome . pee ss ee . will ee ee a | revised - " norma rae " - 3/27/78 100 norma 193 ! she hold she sign high over she head with both hand and | rn slowly turn in a circle so that everyone on the open floor , | lo all focus entirely on she , can read what she have write : i " union " the mill hand : 194 it be as if she upraise sign be a ignite torch to the blaze that follow . the first hand to rise , signal response , be she mother 's . slowly , the old woman 's arm : rise above she head and stay there . the man next to i she follow suit . James Brown raise he . lucius White ! be next . George Hubbard follow . another angle 195 the mill hand follow suit ; one by one they join . Norma look down to see the pinkerton , the policeman , and a forelady , agnes roy . the woman call up to she : agnes roy Norma , just climb on down . it 's xx i no good you stand there . a another angle 196 ss ss Norma do not answer . she continue to turn slowly , show the word . each time she turn , another batch of hand shoot up , hold they arm in the air , black and white , respond to she exhortation . finally , the entire floor be a forest of upraise hand , which seem to be puoy she up and carry she with they silent support . norma 197 finish , she climb down . walk toward she be lamar miller , Chief of Police , unbuttone coat show he pistol . miller ( reluctantly ) come on , now , Norma , come on . norma ( fix he ) lamar , before I budge from here , x you be gonna put into write that sheriff lamar Miller , will take Norma rae webster straight home , you sign it and give I that piece of paper . se cont. 558 al 558 revised - " norma rae " - 3/27/78 101 197 cont . the bossmen look on in amazement as lamar begin to comply . then he suddenly balis up the paper and fling it on the floor . miller do not tell I what to do , young x lady . you be not gonna get anything in write off of I . turn to mason ) you want she remove from the premise ? mason get she out of here . x Miller turn back to Norma . miller I do not know that I want to get x into that automobile with you and nobody else . norma ( laugh ) lamar , I be not gonna bite you . xx another angle 198 she turn to take she purse , put it under she arm , and lead the way , Miller , the policeman , and the pinkerton in a line behind she . ext , mill 199 as they emerge , Norma see two car in front of she , a unmark car and a police car . she stop short . norma that 's a police car ! you be take I to jail ! behind she she hear the chain link fence beginning to close . she spin around , drop the rug and the purse , and rece for the fence , grip the gate , hook she finger through the link , hang on fiercely , swinging with it as it be bang shut and lock . the policeman and the pinkerton be after she . policeman now quit that scrapping . you be x X go where I take you -- and that 's to jail . cont . _ ey 103 moving shot 204 as she be lead past the drunk tank , past a row of empty cell to she own . it be ten foot long , five foot wide , a dim light burn in it , bunk bed , a toilet , a wash basin . the cell 205 she step inside . matron you might as well sit down . but she remain stand . Miller appear in the doorway . miller you get one phone call , Norma . you better call sonny . norma I be call my union organizer . miller here 's you dime . he hand she a coin . int . car - moving shot 206 reuben be drive . no emotion be visible on Norma 's face . she stare directly ahead of she . reuben look at she once or twice . they be silent . he speak at last , gently . reuben the first time you be in be bad . the plane of she face begin to break up . she fight against it , succeed for a moment , then give way . she begin to weep , bitter tear -- she have be outrage and demean . tear come hard to she and only a experience like this could bring they . reuben give she time to release it all before he speak . reuben it come with the job . I have see a pregnant woman on a picket line hit in the stomach with a elub . I have see a boy of sixteen shot in the back . I have see a man blow to hell and go when he start he car one morning . ( quietly ) you just get you foot wet on this one . she stop cry instantly . o '' 558 ee revised - '' norma rae " - 3/27/78 102 199 cont . they grab she arm , pry she finger loose , wrench she away . holding she by the arm they rush she to the police cruiser , shove she head down , stuff she into the backseat , slam the door . int . car 200 she look around , feel trap . there be no door handle , no window crank . a thick wire mesh separate she from the front seat . Miller and the policeman get in the front , the latter breathe heavily from he exertion . the car pull away , the dark bulk of the mill loom behind they . int , jail 201 Norma go straight to the magistrate 's couch and lie down flat on it , disdainful and remove herself from the proceedings . norma 202 her face be impassive as she listen to Miller dictating the warrant for she arrest . miller' voice ( o.s. ) webster , Norma rae , 305 Jackson x Street , millageville . female . White . thirty -two . occupation -- textile , Light complexion . Brown hair . Brown eye . arrest number : 2416 - 3 . charge -- disorderly conduct . int . jail 203 a heavyset matron appear . Miller turn away from the desk sergeant to Norma . miller you go with she , Norma . wordlessly , she rise from . the couch , a 104 int . house 207 sonny get up hurriedly as he hear they come , concern on he face . Norma enter with reuben behind she . husband and wife be face to face . sonny you all right , Norma ? she nod . sonny I put the kid to bed . she nod again , then go past he into the other room . int . bedroom 208 in the darken room , Norma go to a shelf in the closet and haul down a metal box . then she go from cot to cot and gently wake the three child , all asleep in the same room . norma Craig , honey , wake up ... millie , honey , it 's momma , get up ... Alice , sweetheart , come in the other room . the child get up slowly , rub they eye . she help they out of bed , shepherd they with she back into the other room . int , live room 209 Norma sit with she child on either side of she , lean against she , still half - asleep , Alice sprawle in she lap . the two man sit across the room and watch , not intrude . norma I love you child , that 's first . and sonny love you . you get both of we . the second thing be , I be a jjailbird . you be gonna hear that and a lot of other thing , but you be gonna hear ‘em from I first . the child look up at she , awake now , alert . cont . o 558 she hug 105 209 cont . norma millie , you real daddy be name buddy Wilson and he die four month after you be bear . Craig , I never be marry to you daddy , and you daddy be not sonny and not buddy , but another man . and there be some other in my life and they will be tell you about they , too . ( reach into the box , take out papers and photograph ) I get picture of Craig 's father in here . for he , and picture of millie 's father for she . Craig , I get settlement papers in here make between I and you daddy ; this be you stuff . it 's not mine , it 's yours . it 's you life . ( put the papers in he lap ) I want you to feel there 's nothing you can not come to I and talk to I about . if you go into the mill , I want life to be better for you than it be for I ; that 's why I join up with the union and get '' fire for it . I be not make excuse for myself -- like everybody else , I be not perfect and I make this mistake . but I hope you will learn from my experience that life have a meaning ; there be a moral reason for why you should do this and why you should not do this . ( pause ) now you kid know that I have clean out my closet . you know what I be and you know that I believe in stand up for my rights . they , each in turn , and they hug she back . ' norma ' go to the bathroom before you go back to bed . cont. 558 106 209 cont.1 the child turn and go out of the room , hold they picture and they papers carefully , as if they be thing of value . another angle 210 Norma rise . norma I be gonna go take a bath now . they have lice in that jail . she walk out of the room , leave the two man alone . sonny look across the room at reuben try to assay what position he have in Norma 's life . sonny she have one call and she call you . reuben ( shrug ) she know I could make bail . sonny you come in here , you mix she up , you turn she head all around . she 's all change . I do not want she to be a front-runner -- I do not want that . what 's gonna happen to we now ? reuben she stand up on a table . she 's a free woman . maybe you can live with it -- maybe you can not . he turn and walk out of the house . int . bedroom 211 Norma be in bed , she hand behind she head , awake , silent , turn inward . sonny enter from the bathroom , ready for bed . his shoe be in he way ; he bend to pick they up and move they . sonny get a break shoelace ... norma there 's another pair in the drawer . cont . a reese S sessa ss 107 ! 211 cont. | sonny busted that last week . al he get into bed with she . they lie side by side . there i | | j be something on he mind , hard to bring forth , hard to | articulate , he finally do so , slowly . . sonny do you ever sleep with he ? no. ( pause ) but he 's 's in my ' head . | norma sonny be silent for a long moment . sonny I will see you through get tired , get sick , get old . i'11 see you through anything that come up . ' Cause there 's nobody else in my head . just you . he turn out the light , turn he back to she . ' she lie ( in the darken room a moment , then place she hand on he oo back in a gesture of response . ext , STREET 212 dense with a crowd of mill hand , a pervasive silence hang over they as they throng the street from curb to curb , restless , charge , wait , simmer in the heat of the late afternoon . norma 213 she pace outside the gate , alone in the crowd , she hand thrust in she pocket , intent on the iron balcony high in the side of the plant , wait to see a figure , to hear a sound , to receive word . this be the moment of promise , the moment of fulfillment . int . mill 214 the place be jamme , man sweat in the close confines of the room . there be a dozen man with tag across they shirt front . a dozen newspaper and television reporter observe and record , flashbulb go off now and then . 558 108 ' at the long table 215 the man here be divide into two group , half of they bossmen from the company , the other half union men . huge stack of paper ballot be be tabulate from the " no " and " yes " pile . the tension be palpable , each piece of paper a victory or a@loss . management be freeze - face and silent . there be no smile , no talk . men-stand up on chair to crane and watch the.count . another angle 216 James Brown hoist bonnie up on he chair , share it with she so that she too can see . they share hope as the ballot be shuffle , as the two pile diminish , as the silent mark be make , for and against . in the rear 217 a old man , press against the wall by the crowd , begin to weep , unable any longer to withstand the suspense , be ashamed , reach for a soile handkerchief , surreptitiously wipe he eye . linette odum 218 mashed among the people , she hold a snapshot against she chest , turn it to look down at it -- it be the visage of a middle - age man , gaunt , waste . she look from the snapshot to the tabulator , back and forth , back and forth , wait to be avenge . a young woman 219 blonde , frail , in the stifling heat and the crush , she suddenly faint . the pack be so great that she do not fall , be hold up by the body around she , merely sag against a man beside she . he hold she , '' také a knotted kerchief from he neck and mop she brow , look around . for a way to get she out . but there be no way , so he support she in he arm . full shot 220 there be a stir , a final shuffle of foot , then absolute silence as a labor board agent raise he hand at the table . cont . pe ee a a ene 109 220 cont . agent ballot tabulate for the C ) o.p. Henley company against the Union -- one thousand four hundred and forty - eight vote . ( pause , look at another slip in kis hand ) ballot tabulate for the Union -- one thousand six hundred and eighty - five . in the hall 221 there be a tumultuous , roaring shout from the assemble mill hand , a hosanna of triumph . the open-throate outery go on and on and on . reuben 222 at the back of the room , near the door , he spin on he heel and walk out . ext , gate - full shot 223 Norma , outside the gate , stop she pace as reuben emerge and stand 's a moment on the balcony . they stand motionless , so look at each other , across the distance that separate they . then he start down toward she , norma and reuben 22h as he come up to she . he say only one word . reuben done . norma do we trounce them ? reuben we do good enough . they walk along together , push through the crowd . behind they , up on the balcony , a man come out and shout to the crowd below : cont . ws 558 : 110 : | 224 cont . | i oo we beat ‘em ! | the roar go up in the street , man and woman clap i one another on the back , hugging one another , man hugging , man , woman , woman . moving shot - norma and reuben 225 they turn a corner and be alone . they walk toward he car park at the curb , front seat sagging under book , suitcase and carton jamme in the back , obscure the rear window . norma you gonna drive straight through ? reuben yeah . norma better stop for coffee . stay awake . reuben , I get a thermos in the car . 1 cy norma well . reuben well . they have reach the car . norma and reuben 226 ; reuben what be you go to do with yourself ? norma live . what else ? reuben this town go to be big enough for you ? norma if it be not , I will spread out . reuben Drop I a line once in awhile . ~ cont. o o rm Le 558 there be 111 226 cont. norma '' do anybody read you mail ? reuben just my mother . a pause . reuben I will send you a copy of Dylan Thomas . norma I already buy one for myself . reuben nobody can do anything for you , huh ? norma you have do something for I . lots. reuben you do something for we . a mitzvah . norma what 's that ? reuben a good work . ( pause ) : I never say good - bye . I have be know to cry . norma what do you say , . then ? reuben be well . be happy . norma you , too , reuben under the circumstance , best wish hardly seem enough . thanks be in order . thank you for you companionship , for you stamina , you horse sense , and a hundred and one laugh . I also enjoy look at you shine hair and you shine face . cont . ( CC 558 norma reuben , I think you like I . reuben I do . : norma I be gonna get you a tie clip or some shave lotion , but 1 do not know what you would like . : reuben Norma , what I have have from you have be sumptuous . 112 226 cont.1 he hold out he hand , she hold out hers , they shake . it be ho mere ritual of farewell ; the touch hold and hold and hold . but it must end . they be comrade - in - arm , be hold and they be battle - weary , they be triumphant . whatever else they might be remain unspoken . another angle @s reuben get into he car and drive away . there . she be all there . the end 227 Norma stand fade out