normal adolescent behavior by Beth schacter director 's note teenager have sex . this be a movie about teenager who have sex , but that do not mean there 's sex in the movie . some of the best teen film have be about sex and love and nobody ever get naked . this film will look beautiful and everyone will look sexy , but there 's absolutely no reason anyone have to get naked . Max Roman 11/4/05 innovative artist 310.656.5145 max@iala.com 11/4/05 1. ext . high school : parking lot - night credit roll over ' girl on the STREET 's interview do on a cheap video camera in various location around chagrin Falls , Ohio ( population 6,500 , a hour south of Cleveland ) : a teen girl # 1 speak into the camera , play with she hair as she try not to giggle . teen girl # 1 mostly , girl just hook up with guy at party , but usually it 's with someone they know , like a friend . I mean , it 's not like I hear people say I be save myself for marriage or anything . she giggle and we cut to a teen girl # 2 , this one scrunching she face into she turtleneck , to hide she identity . her friend mill in the background . teen girl # 2 the point of be young be to experience a bunch of people so you know what you want . in a few more year I 'il be able to tell a good one from a bad one . crowd girl # 1 ( yell out ) and the big one from the little one . another teen laugh , revealing she face and we cut to a teen girl # 3 who have she hair cropped close . she speak directly at the camera , dangerously close to the lens . teen girl # 3 they be nasty slut . and slutty girl become slutty woman and then they marry nasty guy , who drive gross car and smell like cheap beer . a teen girl # 4 push the Teen girl # 3 aside and scream : teen girl # 4 be this like that Girls go Wild ? be you from MTV ? she raise her shirt and flash her breast , scream : teen girl # 4 ( cont ’d ) whoooo ! the screen freeze . the title 11/4/05 2. normal adolescent behavior appear over she breast . ext . chagrin coop school : quad - day music : Gary glitter sing he raunchy '' do you wanna touch I '' late summer in chagrin Falls , Ohio about forty minute south of Cleveland . wendy bergman ( senior , 17 , beautiful but not ready to accept it ) walk through the '' coop '' private school grounds ; she lead we under banner that say '' welcome new CLASS '' and '' don ’t dis the orientation -- have fun and welcome ! '' it all feel like it could be the summer of Love except for the girl be wear Seven jeans and the guy be wear vintage and everyone 's hair be do , even the ' alternative 's kid . Wendy pass by as a group of fifty student do a ' lap sit 's -- they stand in a circle and then sit down at the same time . eventually they fall amid general hysterical laughter . if Wendy be not roll she eye before , she certainly be now . across the quad we meet billie ( 17 , short blond hair and vintage clothes , hot girl in school accord to current web poll ) . she be walk towards Wendy ; she be blond to Wendy 's brunette , intelligent enthusiasm to Wendy 's brilliant sarcasm . they be a perfect match for each other . a car pull up quickly between they as they near the parking lot . it squeal to a stop and sean mayer ( 17 , tall with good look that skew slightly pretty ) get out of the car . the car squeal away . if it look like the open of the Breakfast Club , well , all the better . he skulk towards the orientation festivity but he also steal a glance at Wendy . billie yell out to Wendy : billie woman ! Wendy jog the last few foot to she best friend and then they join the rest of the group . besides billie there be ann , chinese with a defiant red streak in she hair ; jonah a stoner read a mile Davis biography ; 11/4/05 3 . ROBERT , tall and the most conventionally good look of the unconventional group and price who have blond hair and blue eye and want desperately to fit in . which be why he pull out , and place on he head , a trucker 's cap . the group groans . price what ? billie you should burn that hat . ann it 's plastic . toxic fume ? billie he could burn a little of it symbolically . she jump up , fishing a lighter from she bag . she hand the hat and the lighter to price . billie ( cont 'd ) do it . show we you be better than the hat . the group look at Wendy , ask for permission . wendy burn a little . it ’1ll be good for you . price burn a little of the hat , sheepishly , and the group all cheer . price lean over to hug the girl and it quickly turn into a wrestle / play fight . Wendy look up and see a freshmen girl and guy whisper and look at the group 's antic . Wendy stand up , brush herself off . wendy ( cont ’d ) sorry . jonah ( to the freshmen ) can we help you ? the rest of the group get up as well , look slightly sheepish , except for billie . the freshmen stand there , wait . billie what ?! 11/4/05 4. freshmen girl point to Wendy 's necklace , which read '' hoochie '' . freshman girl I like you necklace . the two laugh and walk away . Wendy touch she necklace , stung . ROBERT okay ! I think we have successfully orient ourselves . billie ? billie stand up , and the group gather they thing . price ( to Wendy ) be you leave ? wendy ( motion out to the field ) can not . my brother 's here . billie ( to Wendy ) you okay ? wendy yep . billie call I later ? wendy frigging right . all six hug , with real warmth . somebody yell out to they from a pass car . student in car kiss . kiss . kiss ! Wendy and billie roll they eye . wendy seriously , when do be a lesbian become cooler than blow a rock star ? billie you have never blow a rock star . wendy neither have you . 11/4/05 5 . they laugh . the other four be a little way away , but billie hang on to Wendy for a second . billie what if you could blow a rock star ? wendy and ruin what we have ? billie slap Wendy 's ass . billie that 's my girl . Wendy wave at billie as she join the other and walk off . Wendy be all alone outside the school . she wander around , kick a few pebble , she pick a leaf froma tree and start hum the theme to '' the a - team . '' Wendy go back inside the school . int . chagrin coop school : hangar - day the school be empty , a little eerie . still hum , Wendy head towards the classroom , which be all ina large hangar type building -- each classroom be divide with partition into a '' bay '' . in the center be a library and at the far corner , a science classroom . int . chagrin coop school : lab - day Inside the science area , Wendy open a door remove ethanol . pour the ethanol into a wide - mouth beaker she place the leaf in the ethanol , light a bunsen burner and let the leaf start to boil in the solution . Sean watch , unseen by Wendy . sean blow up the school ? Wendy try to act cool . wendy do you follow I in here ? sean I want to get the lay of the land . plus I hate that song . 11/4/05 6 . Sean hum the '' a- team '' theme back . Wendy be catch for a second , then come right back at he . wendy the '' lay of the land '' . sean I be new . I figure I could , I dunno , memorize where everything be . wendy there 's not much to memorize . she turn he around and point out the '' landmark '' of school . wendy ( cont 'd ) this be the classroom . no wall , so you have to have respect for everyone . that 's a big word around here -- respect . make sure you use it inappropriately . sean like irony . wendy that would be '' incorrectly . '' Wendy point out some more place in the school . wendy ( cont 'd ) that 's the library . we gather in the lounge for announcement every Thursday for Community meeting ; better know as '' where people bitch about the lack of respect in the public bathroom '' . sean you be not blow anything up , be you ? Wendy turn back to she leaf . wendy get the light . she gesture to the other side of the room . Sean run to the switch , hit it . the sun have start to set , so the room be relatively dark . Wendy turn the bunsen burner off . the leaf glow bright red . 11/4/05 7. wendy ( cont ’d ) I just read about it and I want to try it . the electron in the leaf be ' excited 's . they have this name that be so ... human . excite . lazy . aggressive . do you know they can be '' impure '' ? sean you could not try it during school ? wendy I hate chemistry . sean but she put she finger to she lip . wendy shhh . sean ( smile ) you secret 's safe . I swear . wendy who would you tell ? he 's stung , but hide it . sean my mom 's a chemist . I would never make fun of you for like this stuff . wendy ( indignant , he 's hit close to home ) if you do I have kick you ass . sean if I do it would be ironic . wendy that 's incorrect . sean kick my ass would be inappropriate . wendy no , but it would be disrespectful . 11/4/05 8 . a pause as she look at Sean . he smile at she . she try not to smile back but she do . voice ( 0.s. ) Wendy ! the light blaze on , and the leaf stop shine red . Sean and Wendy move apart , quickly . at the other end of the room be nathan bergman ( 15 , he recently grow about six inch , now he 's a taller version of he gawky old self ) . wendy my brother , Nathan . nathan can we go home already ? Wendy dump out the ethanol and leaf , and walk away from Sean , who quickly follow she . ext . bergman house : driveway - day Wendy 's car pull into a driveway , on the leave , a large tudor house , on the right , a similarly size brick home with a much less well - tend yard . int . wendy 's car - day Sean sit in the passenger seat , Nathan 's in the backseat . sean ( point leave ) this be I . wendy ( point right ) that 's I . sean I know . wendy you know ? nathan have you read '' the Watchmen '' ? wendy you know who I be ? 11/4/05 9 . Sean keep he eye on Wendy . sean yeah . I mean , I see you , you know , around . I do not know who you be . nathan so you read it ? because I have all of they . if you wanna , you know , read they or whatever . sean yeah , I 'il read they . wendy I be go in , okay ? sean you could come over ... ask my mom about impure electrode or whatever . wendy I be good . thanks . nathan ( super eager ) or you could come over to we house tomorrow ? you can read they then . sean yeah , sure . Nathan grin , thrilled . Wendy watch Sean as he get out and go into he house . Nathan be already at they front door . nathan you have the key ! Wendy sigh and get out of the car . wendy why have you ask he over for Saturday ? nathan why not ? Wendy do not answer . fade to black . legend : this be Saturday 10 14 12 13 11/4/05 10 . int . jonah 's house : room - day 7 Zippy , happy pop music play as we see we group get ready for Saturday night in they own home on a Saturday afternoon . jonah fix he hair , take a long pull on a bong , refix he hair and then put on a Cleveland Indians baseball hat . int . ann 's house : room - day 8 Ann sit on she bed , which be surround by poster that have inspirational say , like '' hang in there , baby , '' and '' God will provide , but it help to Study '' . Ann brushes she hair , try out pigtail , then a ponytail , then scrunches it around so it cover she face . int . price 's house : room - day 9 price read a copy of raygun while he be lift weight . int . billie 's house : room - day 10 billie apply lip liner , fill it in and then blot . she do it again . and again . int . ROBERT 's house : bathroom - day 11 Robert shower , sing loudly along to the pop song we hear . int . bergman house : wendy 's bathroom - day 12 and finally Wendy , who be in she bathroom , sit in the tub though there be no water in it , as she absentmindedly drum she finger . int . bergman house : nathan 's room - evening 13 Nathan sit poise in he room , when the doorbell ring and he spring to life and run out 14 15 11/4/05 11 . int . bergman house : live room - evening 14 Nathan sprint down the stair and run to answer it . downstair , Sean be wait for Nathan . sean hey . nathan hi! ( try to be cool ) hey . sean ( he hold the comic up ) I bring this . if you want to read they . nathan great . cool . sean so thanks for invite I . nathan we be neighbor . int . bergman house : kitchen - evening 15 Nathan have carefully prepare a tray of food , which be wait for they . a pause . sean Holy shit . my mom can barely make pop tart . nathan oh I make it . sean for I ? nathan yeah , I mean , I do not get many guy , I mean people , you know ... sean yeah . no . that 's cool . 16 11/4/05 12. Sean take a involuntary step back . nathan no ... I mean , I like to cook , so it be not like . I mean , like I do not plan everything , it 's not a trap . here . look , see this , this be really easy to make - - Nathan grab a cookie off the tray and hand it to Sean but as he do , he trip on he own foot , he tumble towards Sean and he hand end up on sean 's crotch . there be a moment where Nathan do not know what to do . his hand actually stay there he 's so confuse . Sean move away and Nathan stand up and do what anyone would do ; he run out . Sean go after he . int . bergman 's house : wendy 's room - night 16 the girl be hang out , talk about Sean . wendy he 's from Chicago . ann so he transfer as a senior ? wendy I guess . people transfer . ann in third grade people transfer . we have have the same people in we class forever . wendy so ? billie he seem a little too queer Eye and not enough straight guy . wendy ( a little too quickly ) he 's not . he 's nice . billie he 's nice ? 11/4/05 13. wendy he be nice to Nathan . billie you brother be easy to be nice to . like puppy dog and homeless people . ann billie ! billie I be not the one make he out like Sean the Saint . ann ( the peacekeeper ) if we be normal girl , we have be fight over he . Fresh meat . wendy thank god we be not normal . Wendy go to the door . wendy ( cont 'd ) I be get a pop . billie for I too . ann yeah . Wendy shut the door . 17 int . bergman house : kitchen - night 17 Wendy be get three diet coke from the fridge . sean ( 0.s. ) dammit . 18 int . bergman house : back foyer - night 18 Wendy walk toward the voice , see Sean in the back foyer , stand in front of a open garbage can . he have a apple core , which he can not throw away because the garbage be overflow . wendy yeah . I be suppose to take that out . 19 11/4/05 14 . sean hey . Wendy take glance quickly above she , as if billie and Ann could see she right now . but they can not , so : wendy I 'il get it . Wendy take the garbage bag out of the garbage and tie it shut . sean you need help ? wendy sure . he take the bag and follow she to the backyard . ext . bergman house : backyard - night 19 they walk to the six trashcan that line up on the property line between they house . Sean 's backyard be litter with box . Wendy open a trashcan and Sean place the bag inside . as he do , he hand touch hers for a moment , and she catch he eye . wendy you be sweet to come by . sean Nathan 's weird . but potentially very cool . wendy he 's temporarily weird . proof that phase be real . Wendy absently wipe she hand on she pants . sean be you hand okay ? wendy huh ? yeah . you know when you touch something gross ? Sean look down at he own hand . 11/4/05 15 . wendy ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) oh god , no -- not you . I be sorry . I mean the garbage . sean oh . a pause . wendy I should go in . they do not move , just stand there for another moment . sean you be kinda weird , too . wendy amazing line . brilliant . sean and how do you know it 's a line ? he step closer to she , think about kissing she wendy well , if you be call I weird in earnest , that 's pretty mean . sean ( quiet ) so you be hopeful I be try to pick you up . wendy pick I up ? what be you from , 1976 ? sean you be funny . wendy no I be not . sean yeah . clever . funny . smart . you like science . wendy that be all word that mean ugly . 20 21 22 11/4/05 16 . sean you be definitely not ugly . you be just pretty and smart . Wendy have nothing to say to this . they move closer to each other so that they be almost kissing , but they do not touch . wendy I can not -- I mean , I be not ... sean okay . wendy ( not move ) I be not available . if you do not find that out at orientation , you 'il definitely find it out soon . from in front of the house the sound of a horn honk interrupt they ; Sean and Wendy stay still for one moment longer , but then Sean realize who it be . sean I be sorry . Sean leave Wendy stand there . she wait until he be go and then sprint inside . int . bergman house : kitchen - night 20 Wendy grab the three diet coke , frantic , almost drop they . she run upstairs . int . bergman house : wendy 's room - night 21 billie and Ann be look out the window at the car ; Wendy rush in and look over they shoulder to see Sean . ext . mayer house : driveway - night 22 wendy 's Pov : outside Sean 's house , allyson , another senior , not as pretty , but very put together , sit in she convertible . 23 24 25 26 11/4/05 17 . int . bergman house : wendy 's room - night 23 billie no shit . wendy allyson ? what do she want ? ext . mayer house : driveway - night 24 and a second later , they get they answer . Sean run out of the house and get in the car . int . bergman house : wendy 's room - night 25 billie no. ann apparently so . wendy ( try to remain aloof ) that be fast . ann that poor boy . he have no idea what he 's get himself into . the girl watch the car pull away , past a Brown sedan that be gently rock . wendy ( change the subject ) that car have be there every night this week . a foot stick out of the passenger window . the girl laugh . billie go back to the bed , but Wendy keep look out the window . billie be we get ready or what ? int . bergman house : wendy 's bathroom - night 26 later that night , the three girl be in Wendy 's bathroom . 27 11/4/05 18. they have do they makeup and hair for a Saturday night , not too slutty , not too conservative . they look average , all - american , midwestern . the girl look into the mirror into each other 's eye smile . n.e.r.d. 's song '' Truth or dare '' start play . the SOUND of a loud party . allyson ( 0.s. ) ( yell to be hear ) they be complete magno-slut . int . house party : live room - night 27 Music continue . looking around the room , we see that everyone be treat to television set run non-stop porn . everyone drink . bong hit in the corner . in the background , girl disappear with guy into a variety of room . basically , a average teen party . Sean stand with allyson . ryan ( a girl , also a senior ) be sit on a kitchen counter nearby but out of earshot , with she boyfriend , aaron who be strumm a guitar . Alex , another senior , hand out beer to Sean and allyson . allyson I mean , I understand why the guy do it but the girl ? it be total depravity . the door that sean be leaning on open , and a sexy girl come out of the bedroom , wiping she mouth . Sean let she pass , and she look at he , smile seductively . a moment later a guy come out , buttone he pants . allyson ( cont 'd ) ( point ) you should ask Ryan and Aaron . they get out . sean ( laugh ) get out ? what , it 's a cult ? allyson ( serious ) I guess . I mean , I do not know what else you would call it . do not you have to kill yourself to be in a cult ? 11/4/05 19 . sean and they all have sex with each other ? allyson it 's pathetic , I know . Sean look around at all the sex and drink go on at this party . sean so , why be what you be do different than what they be do ? allyson ( defensive ) it just be . see , we invite they every week and they never show . obviously they think they be better than we . allyson notice something across the room . allyson ( cont 'd ) oh my god ! they put in a pole ? that be so cool . allyson go towards the stripper pole someone have install in the rec room . allyson ( cont ’d ) I wanna turn ! Sean move through the party , head for the kitchen where he last see Ryan . two guy play playstation in one room , while a girl give another guy a lap dance , a blank stare on she face . Sean walk by two tank - top girl go to the bathroom wear almost identical tank - top . tank -top girl # 1 be you go to Brian 's thing tomorrow night ? tank -top girl # 2 yeah . I just wish it be not a BJ party . tank -top girl # 1 seriously . they should hand out bib . Sean look at Ryan . 28 11/4/05 20 . int . house party : live room - night 28 later on , Sean hold two beer as Ryan fix she shoe , shaking a pebble out of it . she stumble a little , then get the shoe back on . ryan I be not use to this . Aaron like they . sean you boyfriend ? she shrug , as if to say , '' what can you do '' . sean ( cont ’d ) so you know Wendy ? ryan do not . really . sean I just want to -- she 's my next door neighbor , you know ? ryan yeah . there 's a pause as Ryan and Sean watch a bunch of girl play spin the bottle for a group of very rowdy guy . ryan ( cont ’d ) look , we just have a ... arrangement , the eight of we . and when Aaron and I do not want to be with they anymore , we stop . it 's not like I have to be de-programmed . everyone want it to be this big deal . sean so it 's more like a club ? ryan no ! sean what be it then ? Ryan can not really answer . the girl play spin the bottle kiss and everyone cheer . sean ( cont ’d ) I can not talk to she ? 29 11/4/05 21. ryan no . I mean , you might be able to talk to she , and maybe hang out at school . you should join Student Council . we be , I mean they be all on it . I be not anymore . sean seriously ? ryan yeah . what , you figure we hang out and smoke crack ? sean no . I do not know . ryan Amnesty , and model Congress and the Green Party . last year we work on two local campaign . Sean look shocked . ryan ( cont ’d ) ( kind of annoyed ) yeah , good student who have sex . it happen . they watch another group of girl kiss in the spin the bottle game and then get douse with beer . ryan ( cont ’d ) I gotta find Aaron . she leave Sean alone . he see the sexy girl who come out of the room . she smile at he and reach out . he smile shyly but let she lead he back inside to a bedroom . as they enter , tank - top Girls look on . tank -top girl # 2 what be she go for , a world 's record ? they laugh . int . ROBERT 's house : live room - night 29 in contrast to the party , Robert 's house be quiet , and serene . marathon man play on the television . we six be sit on the floor of Robert 's sink live room , despite the overstuff and expensive furniture . they be all drape over each other , so that you can not tell whose leg be whose . 11/4/05 22 . during the scene they throw individually wrap condom at each other , wing they hard , like frisbee . in front of they be six shoe box , each one with a name on it , one for each of they . ROBERT I would definitely want to torture Jack Black . billie he 's funny ! ROBERT he 's perfect torture material . he think he 's funny , so he have be laugh . until he cry . why , who would you torture ? wendy billie Lindsay lohan . Lindsay lohan . they laugh . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) obvious and tired . something original . billie stick out she tongue . billie ( to Ann , of the box ) you put in or take out ? ann take out . billie you always take out . I be surprised that box be not empty . jonah I have torture eminem . without a doubt . billie why ? jonah he 's so smug , ya know . and he think he 's black . so I would tie he up and shock he with stuff . you know , foot in a tub of water . Ann reach into she box and pull out a small black marble . 11/4/05 23. ann the marble that I steal in fifth grade . jonah why ? ann because I be go to give it back . bad karma . billie like you know anything about karma . you should be worried about the yin and yang of that box . price besides , I steal that marble . you just hold onto it for I . Ann stick she tongue out at price . billie you steal that marble because someone - - wendy -- Lisa nishi-- billie right , Lisa nishi , tell you that you could sit with she if you do . price I do not remember that . ROBERT I do . she let you sit with she and she little fifth grade posse for one second because you only steal one marble . billie who the hell play with marble anyway ? it 's so dipshitty 1957 . price shrug . wendy I have torture at least one Olsen . ann ( clearly one of she fave ) 11/4/05 24 . wendy I would . she would be so spunky and then she would break ... it would be totally delicious . ( to Ann ) why ? with who have you torture ? ann I dunno . that Harry Potter kid probably . ROBERT Wendy ? it 's you turn . wendy yeah . in. put in . jonah thank god . I be sick of everyone take stuff out . first you put it in the box and cry about whatever dumbass memory it stand for . and then you fish it out , say you want it back . wendy crying ? jonah you know what I mean . ROBERT ( pick up price 's box ) yeah , and how many thing be leave in senorita price 's ? jonah fake cry as he and Robert dip into the box . jonah ohhh , this be the black nail polish I wear when I want to be goth . price screw you . ann I can do whatever I want . it 's my box . billie yes baby , it be . ROBERT what 's go in ? 11/4/05 25 . Wendy hold up she '' hoochie '' necklace , that the freshmen point out earlier . billie that be a gift . wendy you be always say you do not want we to apologize . well , I do not want we to bea joke . it 's not funny . everyone think about that for a second . jonah I be funny . billie you be freaking hysterical . price ( still hang up on the game ) you know the torture ? well , what would we torture they for ? ROBERT to torture they . price usually there 's a... end result . like information or because you need to send a message to the other side . Robert start laugh . ROBERT the other side ? there be not another side . we be just say -- if we be gonna break someone 's will , who would it be ? price um . I dunno . do they have to be alive ? ROBERT no . you be not gonna do it anyway , so no . anyone . price either abraham lincoln or I at twelve year old . jonah fuck . that be such a good answer 11/4/05 26 . billie take stock of the box . jonah ( cont ’d ) ( re. the box ) I go . we all go . Robert stand up and stretch . ROBERT you guy gonna help clean up ? jonah you have a fuck may . ROBERT who report back to my dad . come on . price , jonah and Robert go out to start clean , Wendy and Ann start clean halfheartedly the area around they , what they can reach . wendy price get really cute this summer . billie lay back , she head in Ann 's lap . billie we have to stop use that word , '' cute . '' bunny be cute . Men be sexy . wendy this be not man . billie they will be . she roll over so she be look at Wendy . billie ( cont 'd ) they 's 11 be we man . ten year from now they 'il be the strongest , smartest man anyone know . and they 's 1l be ours . wendy in ten year , I be not gonna be here . billie why not ? after all you invest ? this be almost 17 year of training , of learn . you want to start from scratch ? 11/4/05 27 . wendy ( upset ) you be kid right ? what , we be gonna buy a big house in Utah ? billie ( nonpluss ) you 'il see . we be all go to college together . and then get house next door as if to prove she point , billie grab price by the knee as he walk by ; he fall on the floor . then she straddle he . he try to get up . price ( to Ann and Wendy ) a little help , here ? instead the girl all sit on price , and it turn into more of a wrestle match / tickle fight . price be outnumber so Robert and jonah come to he '' rescue . '' Robert grab billie and jonah grab Wendy , leave Ann on top of price . billie ( teasing ) sorry , kid . it 's Saturday night and rule be rule . without rule we would die . ROBERT ( mock she ) that 's a little dramatic . ann billie be drama . Nonetheless they re-order , and not without some giggle . now Robert be with Wendy , price be with billie , and jonah be with Ann . the three couple start make out at various speed , but each one be fully engage with whomever they be with . as the camera pull up and move over the three couple they each end up on the floor , Robert on top of Wendy , he start to take off he shirt ; billie straddle price , he hand go underneath she pants ; Ann hold jonah 's hand down and slowly kiss he , move down he chest condom litter the floor . we hold above they . 30 31 11/4/05 28. ext . ROBERT 's house : entrance - night 30 billie and Wendy sit on the front step of Robert 's house . Wendy have she head in billie 's lap , and they share a bottle of beer . billie be look at Wendy 's hair . billie you have , like , sixteen split end . wendy shut up . they sit in silence , look out on the suburban street everyone asleep , the gray hazy light of pre-dawn . wendy ( cont 'd ) when we get to college -- billie shhh . this be the best time . this be the time I do not think about thing like college . just -- Wendy get it , and they return to the silence . billie ( cont 'd ) ( look at she watch ) it 's Sunday . wendy yeah , you be a freaking genius . shut up we be suppose to be have quiet Zen time . billie thwacks Wendy lightly , and the girl giggle , and return to silence . ext . club : parking lot - night 31 as in the beginning , the video of girl , this time just after a football game outside a local denny 's . this girl look down the whole time , she 's distract as she text message someone . teen girl # 5 why should guy have all the fun ? TI mean , if I have to lay there anyway , at least I could be have fun , right ? 32 33 11/4/05 29 . she get distract by she text message , and wander away . teen girl # 6 walk up and fix she hair , then fish a condom out of she back pocket teen girl # 6 I be like a boyscout -- yelling guy ( 0.s . ) ( yell ) flat as all hell ! teen girl # 6 ( she flip they off ) I be prepare . I do not wanna have to have a baby at the prom . that 's just ghetto . she look at the condom , and then put it back in she pocket . she smile , knowingly . ext . bergman & mayer house - morning 32 bergman & mayer home see from overhead . it 's Monday morning , german - engineered car be be drive to various workplace . int . bergman house : kitchen - morning 33 Wendy come into the kitchen . wearing low -slung jeans and a sweater , she look relatively tame . Wendy grab some orange juice . ABBY bergman ( 40 's , dress mostly in caftan and wear a lot of ethnic jewelry ) drink coffee . ABBY I would kill for you body . Wendy kiss she mom on the cheek ABBY ( cont 'd ) the best thing I can tell you be do not get pregnant . I have have a flat stomach today if I have stay a person and not become a mom . wendy mommm . ABBY see ? Nathan come into the kitchen in he baggy jeans and long T-shirt , he 's half asleep . 34 11/4/05 30 . nathan ( open the refrigerator ) nobody eat the coffee cake I make ? wendy I can not eat that stuff . Abby do not say anything . Nathan take a piece for himself , eat it quickly and wash it down with milk from the container . wendy ( cont 'd ) now can we go ? nathan I gotta get my bag . Nathan leave Abby and Wendy alone for a moment . a pause . ensemble . ABBY you ready for you college interview ? wendy you worried I will not clean up okay ? that I 'il embarrass you ? ABBY ( cow ) it 's just a question . Wendy reach over and finger she mother 's wendy ( earnest ) Mom , honestly . you could do so much better . Nathan and Wendy leave , Abby sit alone in the kitchen for a moment , she shoulder sagging . ext . bergman house : driveway - morning 34 Wendy and Nathan get into Wendy 's car ; she sit for a moment , stare at the mayer house . nathan ( mock Wendy a little ) can we go ? wendy hold on . 35 11/4/05 31 . Wendy get half out of the car and then sit down again . wendy ( cont ’d ) you go . nathan where ? wendy ask he if he need a ride . nathan shut up . he 'il think I be gay . wendy so ? nathan I be not gay . wendy so then what do you care ? nathan I care . I completely care . wendy be you go to ask any girl out today ? nathan no . wendy so why not be a little gay ? for I . nathan ( lamest comeback ever ) you be a little gay . Wendy reach over and open the passenger door ext . mayer house : front door - morning 35 Nathan ring the bell and wait , back up a little . from the side of the house , a stream of water , follow by helen mayer , 40 , sexy even in she sweat , she hold the garden hose in front of she , water everything she see , turn most of it to mud . helen ( give a little wave ) so I guess you be we new neighbor . 36 37 11/4/05 32. Nathan be freeze . nathan ( whisper ) yeah . uhh. I be you next -door Nathan . helen put down the hose and walk over , she hand extend . Nathan shake it , stare at he hand touch hers . helen sorry ? nathan you next - door neighbor , Nathan . helen helen . nathan okay . Nathan back up and head back to the car . int . wendy 's car - morning 36 wendy well ? nathan I forget . she stop I , and ... he 's deject . Wendy roll she eye , go out to helen as Nathan watch . ext . mayer house : front door - morning 37 wendy hi . my brother be suppose to ask you if Sean need a ride . to school . helen what happen ? wendy I think he be drop on he head a lot . my brother . not you son . helen laugh . 11/4/05 33. helen that would be great . the ride . not the head drop . helen go back to the hose and spray a upstairs window . bill mayer , ( movie star handsome with 10 extra pound ) open it after a second . bill ( out the window ) you ring ? helen sorry , I think that be Sean 's room . tell he he have a ride wait . ( to Wendy ) we have to get he acar . actually we have to get I a car , too . we be city people , I guess . wendy it 's not a problem . a awkward pause . helen thanks . wendy Sean say you be a scientist ? helen try to be . I be ina bit of a hold pattern . but yes . be you interested in -- before she can answer , Sean run out of the house and smile at Wendy . helen ( cont ’d ) ( to Sean ) have fun . Sean give she a wave ; he and Wendy walk towards the car . sean ( annoyed ) what ? wendy nothing . you nervous ? sean well , now I be . 38 11/4/05 34 . they get in the car . ext . chagrin coop school : parking lot - day 38 the car pull into the school parking lot . Nathan get out of the car and head inside but Sean do not move . Wendy be about to say something when she see Robert and jonah pull up and she panic . wendy ( cold ) okay kid . you taxi ride be over . sean what ? wendy unless you plan on pay I . the ride be over . sean oh . ( embarrassed ) oh , yeah . ( he get he stuff , fumble ) sorry . Wendy feel terrible but there be nothing she can do , so she let Sean leave . sean ( cont ’d ) sorry . Wendy do not say anything . wendy 's Pov : she watch Sean go into school in the rearview mirror , and she see Robert and jonah walk by , completely oblivious to the fact that Sean be in she car a few moment ago . Wendy lose sight of Robert and jonah until there be a loud bang on the roof of she car . Wendy throw the door open . wendy dammit ! Robert put he face on the passenger window blow fishy face . wendy ( cont 'd ) you be a jackass . 39 11/4/05 35 . Robert grab he crotch and Wendy laugh . she get out of the car , Robert and jonah hug she hello . ROBERT you friend do not say hi . wendy he be in a hurry , I guess . jonah you new neighbor ? Wendy be about to answer when price come out of the school and run up to they . price ( to Wendy ) we need you . Wendy follow he into the school . int . chagrin coop school : lounge - day 39 Wendy , price and Robert find billie eat a big bag of dorito . billie sit opposite Ryan and Aaron in the lounge , a wordless face - off . a small crowd be gather , though they try to be casual . Ryan be not say anything , she 's try to focus on Aaron . and she look like she might cry . billie ( to Ryan ) dorito ? wendy you ready ? billie we be leave ? wendy senior class meeting ? and then some other thing . billie ( nonchalant ) okay . we can go to a '' thing '' . wendy actually , '' some other thing '' . 11/4/05 36 . billie that too . billie finally look away from Ryan and smile she cheshire cat grin . Wendy pull she away . wendy do not be a instigator . billie ( loud enough for Ryan to hear ) I be just make sure we little housewife be be a good girl . Wendy look back at Ryan , who be clearly upset by the almost - confrontation . billie ( cont 'd ) what do I always say to you ? wendy ( play along ) it 's because they name she Ryan . billie after a soap opera . do not name child after soap opera . how many time do I have to tell you people ? Wendy and billie laugh . price and Robert come back up to the two of they , now that the moment have pass . ROBERT ( to Wendy ) do you have to wrestle she ? be it really ugly ? billie she do not have to do anything . I be as harmless as a kitten . Robert nuzzle billie 's neck while '' meow into it , '' price take Wendy 's hand and kiss it gently . they find Ann and jonah wait for they and walk outside . 40 int . mayer house : master bedroom - day 40 Bill be lie in bed , eye open , not sleep but not get up , he 's in he work clothes . we hear the sound of pee , and then helen come to the bathroom sink 11/4/05 37 . bill Sean 's at school ? helen yeah . bill that girl come over for he ? helen Wendy . I like she . funny . helen watch Bill , who roll over and face she neither say anything as she hold a pregnancy test strip in she hand . she look down and then look at he . her look say it all . bill really ? helen unless by '' error proof test '' they mean full of error , take three test and all three will be wrong . she sit on the bed next to he . bill what do we do ? helen look at he , touch . helen thanks for that . bill what ? helen the '' we . '' thanks for the '' we . '' bill it 's always '' we , '' dummy . Bill take helen in he arm and hold she for a moment . helen I can not wait another eighteen year . wait three week feel like a death sentence . she look at Bill . 11/4/05 38. helen ( cont ’d ) bad choice of word . sorry . bill what be you sorry for ? helen shrug . helen it 's a constant war . ( he do not understand ) I can not be boss around by a internal organ . she turn and look at he . helen ( cont ’d ) be that alright ? Bill kiss she , and nod . helen ( cont ’d ) you be go to be late . bill you be right . she watch he leave , he dash back in and give she a quick peck on the forehead . bill ( cont 'd ) tonight ? with we ’1ll talk . helen nod . 41 int . chagrin coop school : hangar - day 41 billie be sit by herself wait for Ann and Wendy . the two tank - top Girls sit nearby . tank -top girl # 1 his name be Sam . tank -top girl # 2 Sean . his name be Sean . tank -top girl # 1 he be cute . 42 11/4/05 39 . tank -top girl # 2 I do not remember . but he be ... ( indicate size ) I mean seriously ! the girl laugh . billie look over at they , all smile . tank -top girl # 1 ( try to be cool ) hey . billie I like how you two dress alike . I be think of get some work girl for my brother 's bachelor party and you two could be like a twin act . they have love it . you guy be what , ten buck a hour ? or do you just take food stamp ? a pause . tank -top girl # 2 ( whisper it ) bitch . tank - top girl # 1 pull tank - top girl # 2 away . billie alright fine ! I x11 pay in crack . God hooker be so picky this day . the girl be go , and billie smile to herself . int . chagrin coop school : classroom - day 42 Sean sit in a bay -- the student , include Wendy and jonah be seat around large table arrange in a circle . as a student speak , Wendy scrunches down in she chair and watch Sean carefully , over the top of she book . student I think what aristotle be say be that man , well people , you know , like man and woman , well they be in a battle that can not be win . but they have to fight , cause , you know , they have this nature this whaddya call it ? nature ? likea sicilian . 43 11/4/05 40 . there 's a pause as the class digest this insight . Wendy raise she eye to Sean , see what he ’1ll do -- Sean raise he hand . the philosophy teacher gesture at he to lower he hand . philosophy teacher I be just the guide , I be not the boss . Sean do not know what to do . philosophy teacher ( cont 'd ) ( to Sean , condescending ) you can participate . sean I think you mean sisyphus . sisyphian . philosophy teacher ( annoyed ) we do not correct . we add and we contribute . but everything say at the table have merit . ( pointedly ) do you have something to contribute ? Sean look down . Wendy smile to herself . wendy it 's promethean . philosophy teacher Wendy ? wendy ( to Sean ) if you be go to help he out , you might as well really help he out . ( to the class ) promethean . not sisyphian . ( a pause ) not everything say here have merit . the teacher do not know what to say . Wendy smile at Sean . then she look at jonah , who have not glance up from the book he be read . int . chagrin coop school : classroom - day 43 Robert find a seat in the classroom . allyson suddenly lean over he , she hair and she breast very much in he personal space . 44 11/4/05 41 . allyson hey , Robert . ROBERT yeah . hi. allyson why be not you Rob ? or Robbie ? ROBERT dunno. allyson so this Saturday we be have a party . to celebrate ... well I guess , the weekend . ROBERT I be busy . allyson yeah . I know . but you could come , right ? I mean , if you want to . ROBERT sure . but I do not want to . allyson flip she hair and make sure Robert can see all the way down she shirt . allyson you sure ? Cause we have killer party . Robert open he book , not respond right away . ROBERT allyson , I be not interested last year . I be not interested this year . and no amount of you cleavage be gonna change my mind . she stand up straight and harrumph away . ext . bergman house : roof - day 44 Nathan watch helen change . he look down and see that there be no car in the driveway . 45 46 11/4/05 42. int . mayer house : live room - day 45 ' off the Wall 's by Michael Jackson blare . helen dance around . the front doorbell ring . helen answer it : it be Nathan with comic book . nathan hi! helen hi . nathan be Sean here ? helen track practice , I think . nathan oh. ( a long pause ) he leat I this . there 's a pause as helen wait for he to say something more . nathan ( cont ’d ) you need any help unpack ? int . mayer house : kitchen - day 46 Michael Jackson be still sing . Nathan be cooking at the stove , helen be unpack box as Nathan cook , keep one eye on the strange young man . nathan do you have a strainer ? helen I be sure we do -- I just can not find it . Nathan keep cooking . nathan ( about the music ) be this Michael Jackson ? helen God , you be not even bear when this come out ... 11/4/05 43 . nathan ( bristle ) I know it be Michael Jackson . there 's a pause . nathan ( cont ’d ) so , do you get to stay home all day ? helen you mean , like a housewife ? God no . I work for a drug company . Research and development . I use to teach but now that Sean be old enough , I get to have a real job . nathan you do not go to work today ? helen I take a couple of week to get settle . but there do not seem to be that much to do . another awkward pause , that Nathan struggle to fill . nathan what do you , I mean Sean 's father , you know ... helen Bill ? he 's in finance . bank . the funny thing be that he be terrible with money unless it be in the million . that be not funny at all , be it ? nathan no , I guess not . they smile at each other . he pour the chocolate sauce onto the cake , let 's it harden and then start to garnish . it be a beautiful pastry . helen you know he as the decaye King of pop . a pervert with a alien face . I think this be the last of the pure Michael Jackson . the song end , and '' she 's out of my life '' start . helen ( cont ’d ) Bill love this song . 47 11/4/05 44 . Nathan smirk , but hide it as he turn to serve the cake . helen ( cont ’d ) ( look at the cake ) Jesus . you make that from my cupboard ? nathan it would be better if you have fresh hazelnut . and powder sugar . but it 's still really good . helen be eat , Nathan do not try it . helen you cook a lot ? nathan at home . at first I could only make steak , rice and green bean . not that my mom or sister even notice . but I teach myself a lot of stuff . pastries , and fresh bread , that be easy . I be work on a glaze salmon with risotto . do you know you have to drive 90 minute to get frisee lettuce ? helen try not to choke with laughter but Nathan do not see she , since he be still cooking . helen I have love to try anything you make . nathan ( already formulate a plan ) really ? helen smile . helen absolutely . Nathan smile to himself . int . bergman house : wendy 's room - night 47 Wendy , billie and Ann be do homework 48 11/4/05 45 . ann ( to Wendy ) it take I twice as long to do you English paper as it do for you to do my physics homework . why be that ? wendy ( teasing ) Cause word be hard . billie and we be stupid . wendy I think asian people love physics . ann who 's asian ? I be full - blooded scandinavian . this crack the girl up . billie ( look at the clock ) shit. I gotta go . ( to Wendy ) you 'il drive I ? Wendy roll she eye and billie spanks she playfully . int . wendy 's car : drive - night 48 Wendy drive billie home , billie be still work on she homework in the passenger seat wendy how many school do we have in common ? billie for next year ? I do not know , five maybe . wendy out of ? billie six or seven . wendy that be good odd , then . that we 'il all be in school together . 49 50 11/4/05 46 . billie yeah . jonah 'il get in wherever he want . but he 'il go where we go . wendy huh . billie why ? the car cruise by the Brown sedan , rock , fogge up window . wendy if a guy can not find a bed for you , then he should not be allow to get any . billie agreed . Wendy watch the car out she back window . int . mayer house : sean be room - night 49 Sean be work on a draw when he pen fade . Sean shake it to get more ink . it fade again and then run out . Sean start look through the book and clothes . he pick up a book , throw it in the corner . there be a thud and then a second lighter thud . Sean 's confuse . he pick up another book , do it again . a thud , and then another thud , softer . Sean pick up a book , and do not throw it down . a small , soft thud . Sean look around , another thud , come from the window . he open the window shade . Wendy be outside , slowly dribble the basketball purposefully in he backyard . ext . mayer house : backyard - night 50 Wendy try to make a shot , and miss . sean ( 0.s. ) and you be hope for a basketball scholarship . 11/4/05 47 . Wendy ignore he . she retrieve the basketball and make the shot . Sean sit on the ground . Wendy play for a few more moment . Sean wait she out hope that she will speak . she keep play , but finally talk . wendy it 's not possible . to be with I . really . she hold the ball . wendy ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly nervous ) you do want to be with I , right ? Sean steal the ball and then dribble slowly , try to get the slowest dribble possible , concentrate to control he frustration . sean I want to kiss you . pretty much every time I see you I want to kiss you . wendy that girl , Ryan ? she be one of my best friend . and now I do not talk to she ever . sean and Aaron . wendy yeah . well , yeah . I mean , I see he naked a whole lot . but that 's different . I mean , he could just be a ex-boyfriend , right ? you have ex-girlfriend , do not you ? sean I do not know if that 's the same . wendy yeah , I know you do not . you do not really know anything about I , do you ? Wendy steal the ball back , dribble , do a lay - up and miss . sean it do not make sense . 11/4/05 48. wendy ( re. miss basket ) you mean , since I be so naturally athletic ? ( Sean roll he eye , Wendy dribble again , not look at he ) you have not even ask if it be true . sean well be it ? Sean roll he eye , Wendy dribble again , not look at he . sean ( cont ’d ) it 's a Greek tragedy wait to happen . Wendy wing the ball at he , hard . wendy I do not live in that world -- sean -- what ? you do not live in what ? the world of boyfriend ? of first date ? of hold hand ? wendy no . you , jackass . of disposable girlfriend . of blowjob for bracelet . of mack and hook up and go down and text - message some asshole who will cum all over my shirt . that world . Sean retrieve the ball , and start he slow meticulous dribble . sean ( sarcastic ) you do not know what you be miss . wendy I have a pretty good idea . sean what about the other world . of boyfriend , and one girl , and one guy , and you know , we just go out . with each other . nobody else . 11/4/05 49 . wendy ahh yes . fairytale land . the land of make believe . sean what if it be real ? Wendy march up to Sean and kiss he hard , mostly to stop he from talk . wendy ( sarcastic ) you be go to rescue I ? you and I against the world ? sean ( earnest ) if you want I to . they kiss again . this time it be passionate and real , and Sean sigh , despite try to be cool and manly . wendy ( teasing he ) what be that ? sean ( embarrassed ) nothing . wendy do you just sigh ? sean no . I make a noise . people make noise . wendy you sigh . like a girl in a romance novel . sean I just make a noise . Sean start to walk back to he house . Wendy let out a huge sigh . Sean start to laugh . Sean let out a louder sigh . Wendy reciprocate . Sean let out a little moan . Wendy do the same . a loud moan , and Wendy do it louder . Wendy howl . Sean bay . 51 52 53 11/4/05 50 . a dog , somewhere nearby , howl back . they crack up . the moment be real and intimate for Wendy and she pull away . sean ( cont ’d ) just leave they . be with I . wendy I -- sean say maybe . wendy maybe . sean maybe what ? she kiss he once more and then run inside . ext . parking lot - night 51 this parking lot be outside a all age dance club . the eighth teen girl teeter on too high heel . teen girl # 8 ( in the middle of a statement ) -- so tv be totally give you all this message about you booty . and mine be so ... white . I do not want a white -- ext . price 's house : front door - evening 52 Wendy knock on the front door of price 's large house which be a little shabbier than everyone else 's . int . price 's house : bedroom - evening 53 Wendy knock on the door of price 's bathroom . wendy price ? price ( 0.s. ) thank god . one second . Wendy sit on price 's bed , flipping through the magazine . she notice that on some page there be write . 11/4/05 51 . on one page it say '' I be four inch taller '' above a picture of a famous actor . on another page it say , '' get that abs '' . Wendy put the magazine down . the bathroom door open but price do not come out . wendy what ? price you be go to laugh . wendy I be not . price come out of the bathroom . he have dyed he formerly surfer blond hair black and possibly get extension so that he have a forelock of hair in front of he eye . he have one a smallish vintage t-shirt and cord instead of he normal clothes ( which be not so super trendy ) . he look like a emo boy from a Bright eye concert . wendy ( cont 'd ) you hair . price I show he some picture . this guy in Cleveland . and he be really cool . he have tattoo on he finger . wendy I just -- price be it really bad ? price look in the mirror , pull the lock of hair over he eye and pout . price ( cont ’d ) it 's nice . ( he look at Wendy ) you think people will notice . wendy yes . price it would be worse if they do not . 11/4/05 52 . wendy be ignore be not the high school revenge you think it be . she come up behind price and hug he from behind . he turn around and they embrace . price ( still hugging she ) I hear you think I get hotter over the summer . Wendy move away a tiny bit . wendy I think I say cuter . price there 's a difference ? wendy ( look at he ) you do . you lose weight or get in shape or something . price I get a nose job . wendy what ? price yeah . and I do crunch every day . a hundred , sometimes five hundred . I lay in bed at night and if I do some of they half - ass , I get out and do they again . wendy I do not understand . you get a nose job ? price just smile at she , and go back to the mirror . Wendy stand on tiptoe and look at he face carefully , come kissing close , then kiss price on the lip . he pull away . price it be not night yet . wendy right . price last year , billie make some comment 54 55 11/4/05 53. wendy ( shocked ) about you nose ? Nice . price I just want to look good for you guy . it 's worth it to I . to have all of you , each of you . I have get ten more surgeries and do a thousand more sit-up for you . would not you ? for all of we ? his passion be frightening . she back up a little . wendy you wanna walk over to Robert 's with I ? price yeah . in a minute . Wendy watch he look in the mirror again . int . ROBERT 's house : live room - night 54 Robert sleep with ann. price , he hair still black , be with Wendy . billie be with jonah . Wendy touch price 's hair and pull she hand away . she look into he eye , but he will not look at she . she push price away , and he do not pursue she . after a minute price stand up and walk to another room where we hear a tv turn on . Wendy stand up and go outside . ext . ROBERT 's house : front door - night 55 Wendy and billie get comfortable on the step , this time billie wrapping she arm around Wendy , who sit a step below she . wendy beer ? billie pass it to she . billie I miss you . wendy I just do not have any -- I do not want to . billie listen , do not ever fake it . right ? 56 11/4/05 54 . wendy right . billie Cause fake it be for dumbass girl who hook - up with the first guy in baggy jeans and a earth -fuck suv . wendy seriously . billie we be not that girl . you be not that girl . wendy yeah . there 's a pause . wendy ( cont 'd ) what kind of girl be I ? billie you be ...ummmm . you be ( she can not say whatever it be she want to say , so she make a joke ) a very bad girl . wendy seriously ... what kind ? billie take a lock of Wendy 's hair and make a curl on she forehead . billie ... and when she be good she be very very good and when she be bad she be horrid . billie leave she hand on Wendy 's face . then Wendy lean on billie 's knee and hold on . int . mayer house : sean 's room - night 56 Sean be sound asleep in he bed when the window open . Wendy pull herself in , fall and make a loud thud . Sean wake up . sean be you lose ? 57 11/4/05 55 . Wendy take he hand and slowly put it to she face . sean ( cont ’d ) you okay ? wendy ( softly ) I do not know what I be do here . Sean kiss she and Wendy immediately go for he pants . he take she hand , kiss each finger and then stop there . sean ( gently ) go to sleep . Sean bury he face in she hair , and Wendy close she eye as they spoon . sean ( cont ’d ) just so you know , I may jump you in the middle of the night . Wendy giggle . wendy good . she drift off to sleep . int . mayer house : sean 's room - night 57 Sean and Wendy be naked , they body close , they eye open , look at each other . Wendy look away for a second and Sean immediately get she gaze back . Sean be careful but passionate and Wendy be take it all in . her gaze wander again . sean what be you look at ? Wendy look back at Sean -- catch . wendy nothing . we be all alone . Wendy can see that Sean do not understand . she bury she face in he shoulder . 58 59 11/4/05 56 . ext . bergman & mayer house - dawn 58 Sun rise over the two house . int . mayer house : sean 's room - dawn 59 Bill , dress for work stand in the doorway of Sean 's room . helen whatcha do ? bill shhh. helen ( whisper ) whatcha do ? bill I want to see Sean before I go to work . Inside Sean 's room we see Wendy be hide next to the bed . Bill look at helen , a little mournful . intercut wendy listening to bill / helen . helen no. bill I do not say anything . helen I see it . the '' good night Moon '' look . bill what ? helen that look you use to get when you would be read to Sean . that '' I be a dad '' look . bill I can not help it . helen you be already a dad . 11/4/05 57 . bill I be not argue . helen I start next week . and we have pay off all we credit card bill . all of they . and the car ? bill yeah -- so that make it okay , a BMW ? helen a beemer . which you want . bill please stop say that . helen ( teasing he ) a blue beemer . Bill sigh . helen ( cont ’d ) I do not want to be mommy for another seventeen year . bill that 's fine . just do not say we be trading a bmw for a baby . helen sorry . bill it 's just , if thing be different -- helen -- hey , I say I be sorry . Bill say nothing . helen head back to they bedroom . helen ( cont ’d ) I be go back to bed . Bill watch she , then grab he briefcase . 60 61 11/4/05 58. int . chagrin coop school : lounge - morning 60 it be between class , student chat in the hallway girl hold hand with other girl , guy wrestle each other . it all seem chaotic , but no more so than any other school . Wendy be near the lounge area when Sean jog up and start walk next to she wendy do not . sean I be walk next to you . Wendy walk faster . Sean walk with she . wendy stop it . Wendy pull Sean into a nearby storage closet , unaware that across the hall billie sees her go in there with sean . billie stop , Ann do not notice that she have stop and keep walk -- billie be not confuse . she 's angry . int . chagrin coop school : closet - day 61 Sean try to kiss she , but Wendy stop he . wendy I can not . sean you can not and then you can . you will not and then you do . how much more of this be I suppose to stick around for ? wendy until graduation ? Sean let this sink in , then he start to open the door . wendy ( cont 'd ) wait . sean now you want I ? Wendy kiss he , try to convince he . 62 11/4/05 59 . wendy come on . Seven month . you can not wait for I ? sean if you be in the army or something , yeah , I could wait for you . you be go to hook - up with three guy for seven month . so no , I do not think so . Wendy take he hand and put it on she breast . wendy you want what you parent have , do not you ? sean I guess . they seem pretty happy . wendy I guess . Wendy do not respond right away . wendy ( cont 'd ) meet I this afternoon ? sean ( try not to give in ) I do not know . she run he hand over she breast . wendy please . sean maybe . maybe . Wendy kiss he . wendy wait in here . Wendy open the door and close Sean in ; Sean stand in the dark closet , confuse . int . chagrin coop school : lab - day 62 as Wendy get into the room she see billie and Ann and sit between they . 11/4/05 60 . billie reach out and grab the skin on Wendy 's elbow . it do not really hurt , but it quietly get Wendy 's attention . wendy what the hell ? billie you have something you want to tell I ? wendy ( play it off ) I steal some french fries from you yesterday at lunch . billie pull , harder and be about to retort when : allyson ( in she bitchiest tone ) what 's wrong girl ? do someone forget to feed the lesbian ? a gay girl with a buzz cut and another gay girl with tattoo on she neck laugh . allyson ( cont 'd ) see , even the lesbian do not want you . billie they be laugh at you , allyson . you need to learn how it work , Al . that little man in the canoe down there will not help himself , you know . at least the guy I sleep with know what to do . allyson you be like completely pervert . billie Jesus . you give new meaning to the word '' meaningless sex '' you know ? I do not mean the act . I mean the gender . without meaning . allyson ( barely able to breathe ) and yet , you be the one who be still skank . the science teacher have walk in . science teacher Excuse I ? 11/4/05 61 . billie I believe allyson just refer to we as skank . at least that 's what I hear . science teacher allyson ? the teacher leave it at that and then start write on the board , back turn . allyson flip off the girl . billie , Wendy and Ann all put they finger up to they mouth in a V shape and stick out they tongue . science teacher ( cont ’d ) ( without turn around ) be there a problem girl ? billie woman . we want to be refer to as woman . the teacher turn around but the girl be sit , quietly . Ann wink at allyson . billie ( cont 'd ) ( whisper to Wendy ) I better not have see what I just see . do I see that ? wendy no . billie grab Wendy 's arm a little to hard , a moment that be part violent , part desperate . billie we 'il die without you . you know that . wendy I have to go to the bathroom . ( try a joke ) you can live without I for a minute , right ? Wendy slip from billie 's grasp and walk out of the classroom . ann ( real worry ) what 's go on ? billie do not worry about it . 63 11/4/05 62. billie give allyson a last glare and then look down , contemplate she plan . int . bergman house : wendy 's room - day 63 Wendy and Sean be kissing , half undress . Wendy move toward Sean but misjudge the distance on the narrow bed and start to slip off . Sean try to grab at she , but she fall . Wendy be laugh hysterically . Sean go to help she up and she pull he off the bed . sean ow ! wendy you do not land on you butt sean it be just my head . they laugh . wendy it be not that bad . she reach over and slap Sean on the ass . sean ow ! wendy shut up , that do not hurt . sean you ring ? wendy oh. sorry . sean it 's okay . she hit he again . he slap she lightly back . wendy no . hit I for real . sean what ? 11/4/05 63. wendy hit I for real . I want to feel what it 's like to be spanke for real . sean I be not gonna hit you . Wendy get on the bed , Sean follow , dubious . wendy I be tell you it 's okay . you be not gonna hurt I if I tell you it 's okay . sean ( he be upset at the idea ) no . wendy nobody ever spanke I . not once . sean I get spanke for steal once . it hurt a lot . and it 's cruel . I be never spanking my kid . wendy ( half play ) you have to . sometimes they be bad and they have to learn . I never learn . hit I . Sean will not do it so Wendy hit he on the arm . and then the leg . she smack he face . Sean do nothing . then he pounce on she , turn she over and spanks she he stop . sean this be really weird . wendy do it again . with why have you stop ? sean Cause I think this be ... ( search for word ) ... abnormal . Wendy get up . wendy ( piss off ) I be not abnormal . 11/4/05 64 . sean I do not say you be . I say that this be just ... wendy no fine , I be totally abnormal and you just want the girl next door . sean you be the girl next door . wendy you know what I mean . sean come back . Wendy sit on the side of the bed . wendy I have calculus to do . sean so do I . wendy so get to work . sean do not you want I to take you out on date ? wendy should not you have do that before we have sex ? ( Sean do not laugh ) I do not know how to be a girlfriend . I be not sure I want to know . sean come here . Wendy do not move . wendy what do you want ? sean World fuck peace . wendy hey look , it 's sarcastic man . able to be a jerk in a single bound . 11/4/05 65 . sean bite I . she do . he laugh . Sean flip Wendy over and spanks she lightly , once . wendy it do not feel like much . Sean hit she again , testing he strength . sean you guy never do this before ? on you Saturday night ? wendy no . sean I do not believe you . wendy be we talk or spanking ? Sean hit Wendy hard , harder than he have before . wendy ( cont 'd ) shit. ow . everyone have to be into it . we all have to agree and some people do not like to get spanke , I guess . sean do you ? he hit she again . she reach back and hit he . sean ( cont ’d ) you can not hit I . wendy we have rule now ? sean ( get nasty ) I think you have like it if we have rule . do not you guy have rule in you club . wendy do not call it a club ! sean what else would you call it ? 11/4/05 66 . wendy we be friend . we have know each other since we be in elementary school . I love they . Sean smack she , three time . Wendy finally lose she temper and pull herself up and away from he . sean ( shrugging ) it 's you game . Wendy think for a moment . wendy you make it sound pervert . Calling it a club . sean you do not think it 's pervert ? Sean look at she , still pout a little . wendy I never worry . like about if I be pretty , or sexy . I never worry about party or be alone -- cause we love each other . and I know you think it 's weird , or whorish . but my friend be cool people . sean who you like to fuck . wendy so ? I like sleep with you too . and you be never gonna make I feel like they do . a pause and then Sean move towards she , but she back away . sean be that the only rule ? wendy be honest . that 's the only other one . sean ( soften ) I guess you be break that one with I ? wendy yeah . 11/4/05 67 . Wendy look in he eye . sean be you lie ? wendy when ? sean when you say you love I ? wendy I never say that . sean but you do . a beat . wendy yeah . sean say it then . wendy I love you . sean yeah . she hit he . wendy say it back ! sean maybe . a pause as she look at he . wendy you do not have to -- sean I love you . wendy we kiss now , right ? they move to kiss . 64 65 66 11/4/05 68. ext . house : STREET - night 64 this parking lot be in front of a large house , where the house party rage inside . teen girl # 9 ( sit on a car ) there 's two type of lesbian . Girls who actually wanna do it with other girl , and girl who just wanna make guy go crazy . teen girl # 10 ( stand nearby , smirk ) or , not popular , and popular . teen girl # 9 it 's stupid . like I have to kiss a girl to get a guy . what moron think that up ? her boyfriend come up and scoops she into he arm , kissing she and carry she away . she wave a sweet '' bye - bye '' to the camera . ext . mayer house : front door - day 65 helen sit on the front stair with a cordless phone call someone . she get no answer , then she chuck the phone into the bush . it make a beep , and she scramble after it . helen hello ? nothing . she throw the phone back on the ground . ext . bergman house : driveway - day 66 Wendy 's car pull into the driveway . Nathan notice helen be sleep on the front step , the phone in she hand . Wendy look as well . Nathan open the door nathan I 'il be right back . wendy do not . it 's not we business . 67 11/4/05 69 . nathan what if she 's hurt ? Wendy have no answer to that , so she let Nathan go to the house then after a beat she follow he . ext . mayer house : front door - day 67 Wendy and Nathan slowly approach the front step . nathan ummm . there be a small twitch from helen , so he try again . nathan ( cont ’d ) ummmm . hi. helen open she eye , look at Nathan ; she hair be stick to the side of she face . Nathan be , as always overwhelm by she beauty . Wendy be more shocked . helen oh. God this must seem ... I mean , you must think -- nathan you be lock out , huh ? helen not exactly . Bill 's late and I do not have a car . I have somewhere to be . Nathan take a step back . but Wendy stay still , something about helen make she want to stay and help . wendy do you need a ride ? helen it 's fine . I can call a taxi or something . wendy no . that 's crazy . seriously , we want to take you . Nathan nod . 11/4/05 70 . 68 int . wendy 's car : drive - day 68 helen sit in the front seat while Wendy drive ; everyone be quiet for a beat . wendy my mom 's prom date never show . helen ( mean ) that 's not the same thing . ( after a beat ) actually it 's exactly the same thing . that jackass . we might as well be in high school . ( suddenly yell ) dammit ! ( and then back to '' normal '' ) we should go back . you should not be drive I place . this be completely through the look glass . wendy you want to go back ? helen if by back you mean Chicago , then yes . I wanna go back . ( pause ) no. keep go . it 's on duane . about three block away I guess . wendy oh . helen wonder what Wendy know about what be on duane . helen ( suddenly very much a mother ) it 's not ... you should not worry about I , okay ? I be fine . okay ? ( glance at Nathan ) and you can not come in . ( she sit back ) Sean say you want to be a scientist . wendy he do ? helen do you ? 69 11/4/05 71 . wendy yeah . I guess I do . maybe a physicist or something in engineering . it 's not exactly something they teach at school . helen I take chemistry in college because Bill , Sean 's dad , be in it . and I just be so smitten with he . and then when it turn out I be better at it -- more gift I guess -- he be incredibly sweet about it . wendy I be just in the regular class . helen this summer , maybe we can find you a internship or something . 1I x11 look into it for you . it ’1ll be good for college some practical education . ext . doctor 's office - day 69 the car pull to a stop . nathan I remember this place . we get we vaccination near here . wendy we 'il wait . helen look at Wendy in a quick thank you and then get out of the car ; Wendy turn the car around and park then look at the entrance to the doctor 's office and sigh deeply . nathan what ? wendy nothing . it just suck , watch someone be alone . Nathan look at Wendy and then there 's a long pause as they both sit in the car . they both stretch out they leg , so they be face each other , Nathan in back Wendy in front . 11/4/05 72 . nathan I think I might have farted in gym yesterday . wendy ( try not to laugh ) okay . you think so ? nathan well we be run lap . and there be a noise . and I think it be my shoe . but then Andy say , '' whew , stop with the bean , bergman . '' and then nobody would run behind I . and run be the only thing I can do in gym other than wrestle . but it probably be not I -- I mean gym be pretty smelly already , you know ? wendy he 's a jackass . his brother be a jackass and he father be a huge ass . he have a genetic predisposition to asshole . Nathan smile a thank you to Wendy and then there be another long silence . nathan ( pick up Wendy 's comment from before ) but when do you see people when they be not alone ? wendy huh ? nathan before , you say it suck watch someone be alone . like you never see that . when do you watch people and they be not alone ? wendy be you serious ? all the time . people be always around other people . with we be social , you know , as animal . nathan I guess . wendy like right now , we be together , and not alone . 11/4/05 73. nathan ( dubious ) okay . wendy you be here with I , right ? I mean , you be not a figment of my imagination be you ? nathan no . wendy so I be not alone , and you be not alone . nathan I do not think that 's what it mean . wendy what ? nathan alone . I do not think that 's the definition of alone . Wendy look at Nathan and laugh . wendy you be so weird . nathan ( proudly ) I know . Wendy smile at he and then resume look out the window at the building . Nathan start to say something to Wendy . nathan ( cont ’d ) I go to school with you , you know . wendy ( not look at he ) yeah ? nathan so I know -- Wendy sit up . wendy do not. okay ? 70 11/4/05 74 . int . ROBERT 's house : live room - night 70 the couple be now Wendy and jonah , Robert and billie , and Ann and price . all three guy be sit , shirt off . the girl be in shirt and underwear , the guy be in boxer . the six box be stack nearby , close . billie watch Wendy closely as each couple be make out . Wendy be try to focus on jonah but she feel awkward , she keep sit , pull she hair off she face . jonah be try to keep in the moment , but something be off , he know it . she put she hand down on he and then pull it away . she sit up , then re-settle . billie she will not do it , will she ? everyone stop . Wendy stand up but do not leave . billie ( cont 'd ) you think of run away ? maybe we should try that whole fantasy thing jonah be talk about . hold you down , make you scream . ROBERT shut up , billie . billie you have no idea what it mean if she leave right now . ann ( confuse ) it do not mean anything . ( to Wendy ) right ? Wendy can not speak . jonah ( to billie ) we be fine . stop be such a brat . now Ann sit up and pull away from price . everything be break down . ann you can not force she . that 's a rule . 11/4/05 75 . price ( to Wendy ) we can stop if you want to . ann yeah , we can stop . billie we can not fuck stop . billie stand up . billie ( cont 'd ) we do not stop , we do not turn back ROBERT ( to billie ) hey , psycho , let I know when billie return . billie fuck you . billie advance on Wendy , she be not wear she underwear and that seem to make she bolder . billie ( cont 'd ) look at I . look at you . we be seventeen . we will never look like this again . we body want it , we want it . wendy I do not want it . billie storm over to Wendy and hit she hard with a close fist . suddenly the guy be pull they apart , not before Wendy hit back , just as viciously . wendy ( cont 'd ) you bitch . billie original . the guy keep they separate but billie be still fight . price ( try for a joke ) break out the mud . or the jello . nobody laugh . 11/4/05 76 . billie you either do jonah right now , or you be so completely go . wendy Excuse I ? jonah hold on . wendy I '' do '' he ? we do not '' do '' each other . billie break free and grab Wendy by the back of the neck and force she towards jonah . billie I be not kid you . jonah back away and Robert grab billie , give Wendy a chance to break free . ann let 's just stop . we ’1ll have some food . or watch a dvd . billie shut up Ann . ROBERT billie ! billie you all shut up . Wendy break free and move towards billie . billie ( cont 'd ) you gonna go home and cry to you boyfriend about how you almost cheat on he ? wendy shut up . price hold on . ann what 's she talk about ? the guy and Ann look at Wendy . 71 72 11/4/05 77 . ann ( cont 'd ) Wendy ? price she 's cheating on we ? there 's a beat as Wendy do not say anything . she be not deny it and one by one the group get it -- she be cheating on they . ext . ROBERT 's house : front door - night 71 Wendy stumble out of the house , cry . as the door shut we see billie stand , Ann behind she , the guy behind Ann - all watch Wendy go . ext . suburban STREET - night 72 Wendy get to she street , the Brown sedan , park as it always be on the side of the road with two people in it the window fogging up . Wendy stop and look at it , then knock on the window . no answer . she knock louder and then open the door revealing a 18 - year - old couple . her shirt be unbuttone , he be off . wendy hey there ! make -out guy what the hell -- guy go to shut the door , but Wendy be stand in the way . wendy ( to girl ) that 's you boyfriend , right ? ( the girl say '' yes . '' Wendy keep go ) you be dating and all couply and you love he and he love you and you be think about baby and marriage or maybe Marriage and then baby or like a house and some furniture , right ? make -out girl ( to guy ) shut the door . 73 11/4/05 78. but he can not . wendy ( to girl ) you know what 's totally fuck up ? that you never hear anybody say that they be a girlfriend . they be '' my girlfriend . '' that 's my dog , or that 's my car . make -out guy it be my car . wendy ( to girl ) you be pathetic . you be like this barely conscious amoeba willing to give away you identity for a penis to call you own . Wendy suddenly slam the door in the guy 's face . wendy ( cont 'd ) ( into the window ) I have rather never have sex again than be you . she turn on she heel and stumble toward home . int . mayer house : sean 's room - night 73 Wendy watch Sean sleep . she do not wake he up , but sit on the floor near he bed , look at Sean 's hand . he open he eye . wendy hi. Sean , still half asleep , open the cover but Wendy do not move . Sean slide down and get on the floor next to she . sean it 's over ? wendy no . but I be all yours . Wendy smile at he . dissolve to black : 74 75 11/4/05 79 . ext . bergman & mayer house - morning 74 a Monday morning -- see from above : Sean , Wendy and Nathan get into Wendy 's car and drive away . helen come out of the house and look around , Abby be get in she car and give helen a wave . helen be leave all alone . int . chagrin coop school : hangar - morning 75 Sean and Wendy walk into school , hold hand . Wendy look down at they hand entwine . wendy this be okay ? sean you tell I . wendy it 's not too cute ? Sean look around . wendy ( cont ’d ) what ? sean I be just wonder who you be worried about see we hold hand . Wendy stop . wendy this be hard for I . be nice . sean I be ! a pause . wendy be nice . sean Fine . I be be nice . he skip around she , still hold she hand . Wendy laugh until she see Robert and jonah walk into school behind they . she pull Sean into the school , but he be still goof off . 76 77 11/4/05 80 . int . chagrin coop school : lounge - morning 76 Sean follow Wendy into the school , then throw he arm around she . across the lounge , Wendy see billie and Ann , fight . billie grab Ann 's arm , almost shaking she , she 's furious . Ann pull away , and walk towards Wendy , who separate from Sean . Wendy and Ann face each other , but instead of talk to Wendy , Ann just stand in front of she , cry . there be a long pause as Wendy and Ann look at each other . ann ( softly ) I hate you . Ann walk past Wendy . int . chagrin coop school : bathroom - morning 77 Wendy stand in the bathroom , try to catch she breath and calm down . she look in the mirror , push she hair forward so she can hide behind it . she give herself a moment and then turn to go but stand in she way be Ryan . wendy what ? ryan you leave . wendy where 's Aaron ? Wendy take a step forward but Ryan do not move and Wendy stop . there 's a pause and then Ryan throw she arm dramatically around Wendy . wendy ( cont ’d ) Jesus . Ryan pull away violently and hold Wendy at arm length . ryan you leave . so now 's not the time to push people away . 11/4/05 81. wendy ( still snide ) yeah ? what 's it time for , Ryan ? ryan you be lucky . with I , Aaron be all I have once I leave . but you have I , Aaron and Sean . wendy ( she attitude fade ) how lucky for I . ryan I know you would leave . wendy you do not know shit . Ryan laugh . wendy ( cont ’d ) what ? ryan you just sound ridiculous when you swear . you always do . Wendy laugh , relax a little . ryan ( cont ’d ) you be here . you be out . wendy what 's up with that shoe ? Ryan look down at the heel . ryan Aaron like they . wendy so ? ryan I like do nice thing for he . wendy why have you quit Amnesty ? and Student government ? 11/4/05 82 . . ryan _.._ ( lie ) billie . I want my afternoon free . wendy you quit for Aaron , do not you ? Ryan sigh . ryan you know how he hate wait around for we every afternoon ? wendy so you quit ? a beat . ryan Sean 's great . wendy we be compare boyfriend ? ryan come out with we . wendy I do not know . ryan come on . it 'il be fun . Wendy push past Ryan , and go back out into the school . Sean be wait for she , and they walk off , arm in arm . 78 ext . mayer house : backyard - day 78 Nathan be stand at the back door , hold a cruset pan that be steaming . pull back a little we can see Bill be look down at he , a strange and confuse look on he face . nathan be helen here ? bill ummm . 11/4/05 83. nathan ( persistent ) can you tell she Nathan be here ? bill this be not a good -- ( of the dish ) what be that ? nathan glaze salmon and a risotto . I promise when I get it right , she could have it so ... Bill be see that the kid be smitten . bill listen , Nathan ? with we be kind of in the middle of something here so if you could uh ... I guess leave that here ? ora message . nathan maybe you could just tell she -- bill I have to get back inside . he reach for the pan , and Nathan reluctantly give it up . Bill be almost inside . nathan ( after a beat ) you be welcome . bill Excuse I ? nathan you be welcome . for the salmon . bill ( dismissive ) yeah . 79 int . mayer house : pantry - day 79 Bill kick the door shut hard and then see that helen have be stand there the whole time . 80 11/4/05 84 . bill a overgrown hobbit just deliver a salmon to we door . helen you be such a shit . bill what ? helen he 's a nice kid . bill we be in the middle of you hat I . so I be sorry if we marriage take precedence over Iron chef . helen he 's my friend . bill ( whining ) he 's fourteen year old ! helen he 's very helpful . Bill look at she , he be try to decide what she mean , but helen be head out the door . bill where be you go ? helen to do what I always do , fix what you break . helen go out the back door , turn around so she can see Bill 's reaction as she slam the door in he face . ext . mayer house : backyard - day 80 helen turn and Nathan be right there , still in she backyard , wait for she . he have be listen to helen and Bill fight . helen I be sorry . nathan I , too . 81 82 11/4/05 85 . helen ( completely maternal ) you have nothing to be sorry for . nathan I be sorry you be marry to he . helen laugh and then Nathan join in . her laughter die down and so do he -- be they age closer together or this a different world , they would kiss now . but instead . nathan ( cont ’d ) I should go inside . I be glad you be feel better . helen be silent , overwhelm by Nathan 's grace and maturity ; even Nathan be a little overwhelm by the moment . he walk in he own back door helen turn to go back into she own house . int . bergman house : wendy 's room - night 81 Wendy stand in the middle of she room hold a phone in she hand . she start to dial and then put the phone down . she try again , but then stop . she put the phone away and sit on she bed , open a book . she lie on she stomach , then on she back , then she kick off she shoe , she scooches around on she bed . she close the book , then open it up again , but do not read . then she just sit there . alone . and do not know what to do . she stand and we follow she to Nathan 's room , but he door be lock . Wendy stand , alone , in the hallway . she look lose in she own home -- which of course she be . Wendy hear something downstairs . int . bergman house : kitchen - night 82 Wendy come into the kitchen , try to act nonchalant and take out some ice cream and a spoon and absently eat . Abby be unpack a tote bag full of work and carry a briefcase ; she have a laptop set up in the kitchen . Wendy watch , just relieved for the company . ABBY hey . wendy hey . 11/4/05 86. Wendy offer she mom some ice cream . ABBY thanks . they eat in silence . ABBY ( cont 'd ) ( try ) work be good . I think I have try be here for awhile . wendy we be fine . you be not miss much . ABBY I be a terrible cook anyhow . good thing you brother learn . though he charge eight hundred dollar worth of salmon this week . salmon be not the new dope , be it ? wendy dope ? ABBY ( she finish the ice cream and take it to the garbage ) do you see we new neighbor ? wendy ( carefully ) yeah . we meet they , like week ago . ABBY how many of '' they '' be there ? wendy Mom , dad and son . they seem nice . Sean -- he 's in my ethic and my Greek light class . ( pause ) I think school trip he out ABBY be he cute ? wendy yeah . ABBY every mother dream she son will fall in love with the girl next door . 11/4/05 87 . wendy ( try to keep control ) I be not the girl next door ABBY you be not a traditional girl next door true . you still have something special . she go to push Wendy 's hair off she face . Wendy duck away from she touch . wendy Mom ! ABBY sorry . I get lose in the moment . it will not happen again . wendy you be so needy . ABBY ( hurt ) thanks . Wendy get up and go . she turn and look at she mom sit alone . she feel bad . ABBY ( cont 'd ) do not you look at I like that . I be not to be pity . wendy I be not . ABBY every time you look at I I think you be tally up all the thing I do not have . wendy I be not -- ABBY it 's okay . I be just a lot happier than you give I credit for . ( she smile ) where be the girl tonight ? Wendy do not answer so Abby go back to work , and after a moment , Wendy leave . 11/4/05 88. 83 int . bergman house : front door - night 83 Wendy come out of she house , breathes deeply and sit on the front step . 84 ext . bergman house : front door - night 84 Wendy open the door to find jonah stand there . wendy hi. jonah hey . you look nice . wendy thanks . a awkward moment , and then he hug she . jonah you be okay , right ? wendy yeah . jonah he do not put some sort of voodoo spell on you , do he ? Wendy laugh . wendy no. jonah good . a beat . jonah ( cont ’d ) I want to leave once . before Ryan and Aaron even . wendy what happen ? jonah too chicken , I guess . 85 86 11/4/05 89 . wendy ( choose she word carefully ) for a... guy ? jonah yeah . wendy you can go anywhere next year . or you could leave now . jonah be you have fun ? wendy no . not really . jonah anyway , I just want to tell you I be proud of you . it be brave . stupid , but brave . I wish I could have do it , but ... whatever . ( he smile at she ) I make a choice . nobody 's fault , right ? jonah hug she again , hold she close . wendy I miss you . Wendy watch jonah walk away . ext . ROBERT 's house : front door - night 85 Match cut to Robert 's front step , where billie and wendy usually sit . int . billie 's car - night 86 billie and Ann sit in billie 's car outside Robert 's house . billie be look at the front stair . Ann start to cry softly . billie what be you do ? ann I miss she . 87 88 11/4/05 90 . billie fuck she . Ann keep cry . billie ( cont 'd ) what be wrong with you ? Ann open the car door and try to leave . her seatbelt be still on . she remove it and then run from the car , leave the door open . billie reach over and slam the door shut . billie ( cont 'd ) fuck you , too . billie sit there , watch Robert 's house . ext . bergman & mayer house - day 87 everyone have already leave for the day . sprinkler start up and spray the lawn . int . chagrin coop school : lounge - day 88 Wendy get to she locker , then realize that billie be stand nearby . Wendy do not look at she right away . billie you friend , all of we , we do not want to let you go . and we will not do it . wendy ( quietly ) what if I want to ? billie shrug . billie if you be a mom , and you kid be about to lose a limb , would not you , I do not know , fight to keep it ? wendy I do not think this be the same thing . billie but we feel it be . 11/4/05 91 . wendy ( start to get angry ) you be speak for everyone now ? billie yeah . wendy I do not believe you . I think this be you , be lose and frighten and you do not know what else to do . billie do not respond , she just reach into the bag and pull out wendy 's BOX from Robert 's house . she drop it on the ground in front of Wendy . billie I think you queer ass boyfriend would really dig this , huh ? I be think of put it in he locker . a little after - track - practice surprise . Wendy go for it but billie be faster and she hold onto the box . wendy ( calmly as possible ) you know what ? go ahead . it do not work like that with we . even better , why do not you give it to he in class . because even if you post it on the internet and take out billboard , he would not care . billie I think he 's gonna like the picture from this summer especially . billie open she mouth very wide and do a pretty good oral sex simulation . Wendy remain calm . wendy do it then . do not talk about it . billie and the one of you on all four . I mean , it probably make more sense in context , you know , with the picture of all of we , but still -- 89 90 11/4/05 92 . Wendy grab the box from billie 's unsuspecting hand march over to Sean 's locker , take she car key and easily pries open the weak metal . the locker open and she shove the box in . then she close it again . wendy he want I and that kill you . billie not so far . wendy I be not the box , billie . and you be . you be a pathetically limited little bitch , be not you ? billie reach over and open Sean 's locker again . then she shut it hard so it lock . billie I be think of teach you brother how to kiss . you know , train he up right . for future generation of coop chick . Wendy lunge at she but billie move away quickly and Wendy let she go . int . chagrin coop school : lounge - day 89 Sean be stand in front of he locker , which be open . he have wendy 's BOX in one hand , the lid on the ground . we still do not see into the box , but we see the Polaroid , just corner of they , some of they look like porn and some of they look like regular high school candid . int . mayer house : live room - evening 90 Wendy open the door and look around for Sean . wendy Sean ? she do not hear anything , then she hear a basketball be bounce in the backyard . 91 11/4/05 93. ext . mayer house : backyard - night 91 helen be try to shoot some basket , she miss completely and Wendy retrieve the ball for she helen hi. Wendy hold the basketball for a second . helen ( cont ’d ) I think he 's upstairs . wendy --okay . Wendy shoot a basket , it bounce back to she , and she hand the ball to helen who make a wobbly attempt . instead of leave she alone , Wendy decide to help . wendy ( cont 'd ) stand here . helen oblige , and ready she shot wendy ( cont 'd ) do not bend so much . aim the finger of you bottom hand toward the back of the rim . helen try it , and make basket . wendy ( cont 'd ) that be not bad . helen you know that girl in school who always say she have she period so she do not have to go to gym ? that be I . Wendy smile at she . helen and Wendy trade off shoot basket . helen ( cont ’d ) in school , I figure I would always be that girl -- the smart one , the one who be bad at sport . but it do not last . that person today , the person you see , it be not really I either . or it be I and I be not that person anymore . it be I for a moment . that be the I who get a abortion . and now she 's go . ( more ) 11/4/05 94 . helen ( cont 'd ) I just do not know I would be be - invent myself so much when I grow up . you figure that when you be young be when you re-invent yourself -- but it turn out that it be forever . you be forever be a new you , in a new life , with new consequence . wendy I guess . maybe you only think you be new . maybe you be the same , only you do not know it . helen that 's depress . wendy ( laugh ) yeah . but probably true . helen push forward . helen ( struggle ) if he ... I mean if you ... I know you guy have a.. closeness . and that maybe you tell he thing or want to tell he thing -- wendy I be not lie to he . helen be surprised , but try to hold it back helen it 's not a lie if you do not tell he about something that happen . wendy how be it not a lie ? a pause . helen ( exhaust ) I do not know . she sit down on the pavement . wendy be you husband sorry ? helen he apologize , if that 's what you mean . 11/4/05 95 . wendy yeah . helen he do it on purpose though . he want to talk about it more . wendy do you tell he he can talk about it when he get pregnant ? helen laugh . helen it do not work like that when you be married . you do not always get to say the meanest , most clever thing . Wendy throw a couple more basket , not look at helen . wendy what 's it like ? helen be marry ? it 's like ... I do not know if I can say it the right way , I mean , what 's it like to have a family ? try and explain it to I . wendy custom make pants . helen ( laugh , not expect a answer ) what ? wendy it 's like custom make pants . they fit you perfectly but you can not change . not even a little . helen ( sweetly ) only sometimes . honestly . it be not always like that . be Sean push for ... wendy no . no , it 's not Sean . it 's the whole '' girlfriend '' thing . helen the name ? 92 11/4/05 96 . wendy the identity . be someone 's '' girlfriend '' . helen you have to be something else first . the only way to be with someone be to be someone . Wendy hand the ball to she . wendy Sean 's inside ? helen nod . int . mayer house : sean 's bedroom - night 92 Wendy walk into Sean 's bedroom which be empty . she hear water run in the bathroom . wendy hello ? Inside the bathroom , Sean be get out of the shower Wendy open the door and knock he down . Sean try to get up and Wendy go to help he when she see her BOX on the floor , the content clearly rifle through , water drip over it from the shower . her first instinct be to save the valuable content from get wet so she grab the stuff . sean yeah . God forbid the kiddie porn get wet . wendy that 's not what 's in here . sean yeah , this be all puppy and '' I love unicorn '' and tapioca pudding . wendy it 's not porn . it 's just -- sean they make you do it , right ? wendy screw you . 11/4/05 97 . Sean do not say anything , he just sit on the lip of the tub . wendy ( cont ’d ) do you want I to go ? Sean shrug . Wendy reach out and take he hand to get he to stand . he pull it away so she get down on the floor and take he wet hand and put in to she lip . then she kiss each finger . she kiss he palm , and then he wrist . Sean do not pull away . wendy ( cont 'd ) look , I do not know how this work . I mean , do we fight now ? tell I what we do . sean we do not do anything . Wendy pause . wendy ( try to make a joke ) so this be what be dumped feel like , huh ? sean ( sarcastic ) you have have to be mine for I to dump you huh ? wendy what ? what do I do ? you wanna yell at I ? I be lose -- sean that 's enough . you do not get to play the little innocent girl right now . not after -- ( gesture to the box ) no way . wendy you know what ? it happen . you want it to go away , like magic ? poof , and now I be all different ? I be magically a virgin ? sean yeah . Wendy laugh , but Sean do not 11/4/05 98 . wendy you be kid , right ? sean no. burn the box . burn it all . wendy you be delusional . why do not you burn all the stuff from you old girlfriend . sean I do not have stuff . that 's the point . wendy you be insane . sean why ? do you need this stuff ? I mean do it have any value ? wendy I be not say it have value . but it 's what ? letter ? a couple of trinket ? she hold up the '' hoochie '' necklace . wendy ( cont 'd ) this ? some picture of I naked ? you be act like you be pure and virginal . sean compare to this ? wendy really ? what be the name of the blowjob girl ? sean who ? wendy from the party ? billie tell I . the girl who go down on you ? sean you believe what billie say ? besides that be completely -- wendy please . do not be average . it be not different . either you agree to be in this with I , or you do not . 93 11/4/05 99 . Sean pull he hand away . sean ( piss off ) -- fine . wendy you could just forget it ? if I burn it , you would just forget that I be ever someone else . she be not sure what she be , so she just stop . sean I could stop be remind , could not I ? Wendy look at he for a beat . he put he hand out for she to kiss again , to seal the deal . she kiss it . int . chagrin coop school : lounge - day 93 School be over , and everyone mill around , grab book , scream at each other . it 's chaos . the door be open , it 's a warm fall afternoon and student have start throw / chuck buckey ( like large acorn ) at each other . Sean and Wendy walk with Ryan and Aaron as they get they thing from they locker . sean so you x11 come on Saturday ? wendy huh ? sean a double date . with Ryan and Aaron . wendy ( focus on Sean ) yeah , of course . Wendy do not see billie walk by . sean it 'il be fun . ( lower he voice ) and tonight we do it , right ? you 'il burn the box tonight ? Wendy notice billie . 11/4/05 100 . wendy ( not listen ) yeah , okay . billie look lose without Ann or Wendy , but straighten she back and walk to the soda machine , feed in she dollar . some buckey be throw at she . she do not flinch . more be throw . still , billie do not move . finally a barrage of buckey be raining down on billie . she flinch when one hit she in the face . Wendy watch , unable to move . wendy ( cont 'd ) ( it be kill she ) say something . do something . sean what ? wendy not you . her . billie finally turn and leave , never look at Wendy , never reacting . as she leave , the other senior clap . ryan that be insane . Wendy do not say anything , and Sean go back to he locker . Wendy wait a moment and then walk away . sean where be you go ? wendy I have to see if she 's okay . Sean grab she wrist . sean everyone will see you . ryan she 's fine . aaron billie can take it . Wendy pull she arm away , and then stand , look out at the sea of student , want to run after billie , but not sure if she should . 94 11/4/05 101. wendy I be not go to burn it . I be not go to say I be sorry for what happen . sean keep you voice down . Wendy 's suddenly past the '' voice dow n '' / decorum place . wendy and I be not go to apologize . you either love I , or you do not . I just give up five of the best people in the world for you . sean who you sleep with . wendy so what ? so what if I sleep with they ? they matter to I . and I just walk away and destroy my life because you walk up with all this ... sean Love . it 's call love . you do not want to say it , fine . but that 's what I offer you . wendy you offer I a role in you fairy tale . that 's all . Sean do not know what to say . so Wendy make a decision for both of they . wendy ( cont 'd ) you do not want I to be you girlfriend . int . billie 's car - day 94 billie see Wendy in the rearview mirror . billie smile , she can not help it . and she reach over and unlock the passenger car door . Wendy get in . billie you remember miss hise 's class ? Wendy smile , carefully . 11/4/05 102. wendy we torture she daughter , greer . billie she carry that bookbag . wendy she smell terrible . billie and then in third grade , when my parent split up , and I decide , I do not know why , to do a dance , from that movie , flashdance . you remember ? wendy ( start to laugh ) we see it on cable . billie ( laugh with she ) I can see the third grade I , and she 's get up to do that dance , and I want to tell she to stop . I be embarrassed right now , just talk about it . they laughter fade but the moment be real . billie ( cont 'd ) you friend , all of we , we do not want to let you go . Wendy do not respond right away . wendy it can not be like before . I need to know it x11 be -- billie that I will not be so evil ? wendy I be ask for small change , not miracle . they laugh . wendy ( cont 'd ) I love you . billie yeah . I too . 95 96 11/4/05 103. wendy you wanna hug I , bitch ? billie laugh , and do . Wendy notice the well from the buckey , and touch it . billie pull away . billie you gotta do one thing though . ext . chagrin coop school : entrance - day 95 no sound . billie and Wendy walk toward the school , Wendy be look ahead of she , billie be look at Wendy . at first we see they close up and then we be inside the school , watch they as they walk towards the front glass door , and when they finally get there , and they open they , we hear the chatter and background of the school again . int . chagrin coop school : lounge - day 96 billie and Wendy stand in front of Ryan , Aaron and Sean . the milling stop . everyone stare . there 's a long incredibly uncomfortable pause . billie hi! Wendy do not say anything . billie ( cont 'd ) wwe be scare you ? ryan you be disturbing we . billie . billie well , gosh , we be sorry . ( to Wendy ) do it . wendy ( slowly ) do she tell you where the scar come from ? billie ( to Wendy ) do it . Ryan look stricken . 11/4/05 104. wendy all the girl know . we never tell the guy about dear old uncle Rob -- billie it be uncle Bob . wendy uncle Bob who smell like aqua velva and taste like dorito . billie ( can not resist ) that dear old uncle Bob like to touch she . and that one time he actually have she for a whole weekend . ryan shut up . shut up you bitch . you can not stop I . I do not care what you say . ( she ace ) Aaron know everything . Ryan be look at Wendy , implore she . ryan ( cont ’d ) ( to Wendy ) do not . wendy ( to billie ) let 's go , okay ? billie ? billie everything ? ( smile broadly ) Aaron , do you know that Ryan here . she like it . she like the pain . she like to be hold down and force . make she all -- billie turn to Wendy . wendy no. billie what do it make she ? Wendy ? Wendy take a deep breath , then turn to billie . wendy ( small ) hot. 11/4/05 105 . billie smile triumphantly . there 's a beat . Pov wendy : she see Sean , Ryan , Aaron , billie . a crowd of people . everyone in the school . back to scene wendy ( cont 'd ) like when you use to make we play gang rape . where we have to be the firemen . ryan that be not I . Wendy be look at billie . everyone be look at they . wendy or how you keep cut yourself with exacto knife during art class . how you think you be a vampire for most of eighth grade . billie ( almost a growl ) stop . wendy or how jonah and Robert have be sleep together for three year . or how Ann 's mom tie she hand together so she would not touch herself when she be six . ( Wendy start get giddy ) or how I peed during a spelling bee in third grade . or how Aaron throw up when you get you period in fifth . or the time we all get crab because price fool around with some girl over Christmas break . yeah , we be one big happy family -- billie have leave the lounge . Wendy turn to Sean . wendy ( cont 'd ) burn the box yourself . I do not need it anymore . Wendy walk out of the school . 97 98 99 100 11/4/05 106 . ext . chagrin coop school : entrance - day 97 Wendy smile as she walk . for the first time , there be no hesitation . dissolve to black ext . mall : parking lot - night 98 floodlight make everyone look kind of greenish as they leave they mall job . teen girl # 11 ( wear a '' gap '' name tag ) I fall in love with this guy once and it be complete torture . he keep want to hug I all the time . I be like , be you nine year old ? what the hell be that ? hugging and stuff bear . like he read about it at the hallmark store . you know how many successful actress be marry ? ( make zero with she finger and then smile ) he do give I this though -- she walk up to the camera and shove she hand in the dens , so we catch a distort glimpse of exactly what a mall job will buy at Zale . teen girl # 11 ( cont ’d ) I get to keep this . Nice huh ? legend : this be Saturday ext . ROBERT 's house : front door - day 99 a series of shot , as in the beginning of the film . Robert carefully place four box on the front step take he own , pass one to jonah and the two go back inside . ext . mayer house : backyard - day 100 Sean , stand in front of a weber grill in he backyard , burn the content of the box . he put the '' hoochie '' necklace in he pocket . 101 102 103 11/4/05 107 . int . house party : live room - night 101 the House Party , with the porn , the drink , the girl make out with other girl . Ann be give a guy a pole dance with a blank look on she face . we track through the same party , and the tank - top girl # 1 from the first party pull price into a bedroom . int . billie 's house : room - night 102 billie have the box open in front of she but we do not see she face , as she sit on the floor of she room . laid out on the floor , encircle she , be various memento . she lay each one out carefully , in some order we be not privy to . she smooth a few picture , she carefully place a lighter next to a old license plate . as we circle the item , we catch a pass glimpse of billie , who might be cry . int . bergman house : kitchen - night 103 Wendy sit on the kitchen counter watch Nathan cook she be hold a wooden spoon and Nathan hand she a mixing bowl , so Wendy mix . she kick she leg absently against the wooden cabinet and then kick she shoe off . the camera pull back , leave the room , so we see Wendy frame in the doorway , Nathan walk out and it be just Wendy alone and happy , a dopey half smile on she face , as the credit start to roll . the end