norman the moderate rise and tragic fall of a new york fixer by Joseph Cedar ext . central park - early morning 2 it be still dark outside . the CNN clock over Columbus Circle show : 5:25 be . norman oppenheimer ( 60 ) be stand next to a_bench Central Park . he have earphone in both ear . in he hand we notice a metal business card holder . at this hour it be either fitness fanatics or true workaholics who need to be in the office by 7 be , exercise in the park . norman be watch this fanatics pass by . int . starbucks - day 3 a shot of a pen write on a_| paper napkin : it be a diagram with line and circle that loosely follow the name , number and institution as we hear they : norman ( 0.s. ) this be the idea , the israeli government be withhold about three hundred million dollar of tax receivable from the palestinian Authority . my idea be to find someone here , someone like jo wilf , or a Arthur Taub , who would buy that debt . pay the Palestinians eighty or ninety cent on_the dollar , assume that the Palestinians will take what they can get at this point , and that the israeli government would have no choice but to honor they debt to a american financial institution . we see philip cohen ( 40 ) listen to norman in a crowded Starbucks with a polite but very skeptical look on he face . norman ( cont 'd ) ( pass the napkin to Philip ) everybody win . the Palestinians get they money . Israel be not make any political concession , and let say it be wilf - he collect thirty or forty million or worst case scenario - just the interest for that debt . philip why would the Palestinians agree to get less than the full amount ? norman because it be better than get nothing . Philip think about this for a moment . ( continued ) continued : ext . central park - early morning philip that be actually a pretty good idea . norman it be . I have think it through . I just need someone who can do it . ( point at wilf 's name on the napkin be not this the scale of the kind of deal wilf be look for ? a tight shot of norman in Central Park , smile , recalling this conversation with Philip . there be a strange excitement in he expression . he pull the earphone out of he ear . then back to : int . starbucks - day philip yes , but I do not know if he would get involved in a political situation like this ... I mean , I know he would not . norman all i_want_to do be present it to he . I really think it serve everyone . when something be good , it 's good . this be good . philip I do not have direct contact with wilf . you know that , right ? norman but you have friend there . do not you ? this be you circle ... Philip have to consider this for a moment . norman cour 's D ) if you be not comfortable do this , I 'il understand . I can ask a few other people I know ... but I want to show it to you first . philip Bill kavish . do you know he ? he work for wilf . he be a friend . have you hear he name ? norman yeah . maybe . why do I know that name ? ext . central park - early morning 6 back to norman . one of the runner he see be bill kavish ( 35 ) . we follow Bill , from norman 's Pov , as he finish he run and stop by a tree to stretch he muscle . we focus in on Bill 's energize face as we continue to hear : philip ( v.o. ) you know he family . his father be Henry kavish . you remember he ? he be a fund -raiser for ort in the eighties . he get into some kind of trouble . they catch he shactly some money . I do not know exact what happen there , but . they fi fire he , he wife leave he , he kid : turn they back on he . he die alone and penniless . Bill be he youngest son . norman be fixate on Bill 's face , he movement , study he with genuine human interest , as if look for the emotional scar he father leave on he . norman have take out one of he business card , hold it between he finger . int . starbucks - day 7 back to Philip and norman . norman can you introduce I to Bill ? philip I have not speak to he in a long time ... norman there be nothing to lose . if he be not interested , he will say he be not interested ... but if he be ... you never know ... philip I can give you Bill 's e-mail , but I would prefer not to send a formal introduction . we represent client who do business with they ... I do not want to be in a position where I be ask he for a favor . norman you be do he a favor ... but okay . that 's Fine . can I say we be related ? can I say I be you uncle ? ( continued ) continued : 7 philip no . do not make it a family thing . it do not sound good ... it might not be a good idea to mention my name . norman clearly need more than that . and Philip have to give he something . philip ( cont 'd ) you can say you know I . but please do not tell he you get he address from I . norman nod he head with polite gratitude . Philip sense he distress as he get up to leave . philip ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I can not be more helpful . it 's tough . you be like a drown man wave at a ocean-liner . how do you get it to see you ? jo wilf be a ocean-liner . he do not see any of we ... norman but I be a good swimmer . do not forget that . as long as my head be above water , I know how to tread . with a pat on norman 's back , Philip leave . ext . central park - early morning 8 we be back at the park where Bill , still stretch , notice norman stare at he . norman raise he hand in a innocent , friendly gesture . Bill have no idea who he be . he nod he head and continue stretch , a bit suspicious of the friendly stranger . norman approach he , hand he he business card . norman good morning , Bill . norman oppenheimer . bill what the fuck ? you be stalking I now ?? norman I only need a few minute of you time . I know you be busy . Philip Cohen might have mention I ... bill no. Excuse I . this be my private time ... please respect that . call the office . ( continued ) continued : norman I be in touch with you secretary twice a day . very nice lady , but you do not return my call . what be I suppose to do ? bill let it go ! give up . do Philip know you be here ? how do you even find I ? norman it 's a good business opportunity , why should I let it go ? I would not be here if it be not time sensitive . just give I a minute to explain . a very igh official , I can not mention he name right now , come to I with a offer to sell he country 's tax receivable to a third party ... Bill can not believe he 's in this situation . he look at norman as if he be a crazy man . norman ( cont 'd ) eighty cent on the dollar ... bill I be sorry . I have to leave ... Excuse I . this be unacceptable . norman ( as Bill walk awa Bill , I would not be do this if I do not think it be worth 's jo 's time . do not trust I , trust Philip . sometimes good thing come in surprising way ... you never know ... you never know , right ? worse come to worse , he kick I out the door ... bill ( turn around ) no - worse come to worse , he kick I out the door . it 's my job to keep peopie like you away . do not you get that ? please , respect my position . stop : just stop . I be sorry . but I do not know what else to say . Bill wait to see if norman be internalize the finality of he response . norman so I will tell my partner we have a good conversation ... and we will see what happen . okay ? Bill shake he head with disbelief and walk away . ( continued ) 10 11 continued : 8 norman ( cont ’d ) thank you , Bill . ext . 57th ST . and 7th ave - day 9 norman be stand across the street from a diner call brooklyn diner at the floor of a huge office building . he be look through the window of the diner at Bill kavish , now dress in he business suit , sit with a few other businessman in one of the booth . the man in the center of this Breakfast gather be jo wilf ( 70 ) , authoritative , calm , allow the young man around he to do all the talk . norman pull out he phone and dial . norman I get a meeting ! int . philip 's office - same time 10 philip with jo wilf ?? right before norman answer , Bill kavish raise he eye and catch norman 's glance , stand outside . Bill give hima viciously protective look . norman better . with Arthur Taub . we sense that Philip do not believe norman . philip if jo wilf be a ocean-liner , Arthur be a nuclear submarine ... how do you manage that ? norman ( walk away ) I tell you , I be a good swimmer . we view expands to see norman walk away and blend into the Midtown bustle . this image gradually go out of focus . title : norman the moderate rise and tragic fall of a new york fixer omitted 11 12 13 int . barclays manhattan headquarters - morning 12 norman walk into this vast , intimidating lobby . he approach a reception desk underneath a sign that read : '' Barclays oil and Gas Exploration Conference '' norman causally stand in line with a few other business people wait to register . int . conference auditorium - day - moment later 13 norman have a name - tag over he chest pocket . it read : norman oppenheimer he wander into a medium size auditorium in the middle of a panel discussion , quietly find a seat in the back of the room . the room be full of banker and finance executive . from a distance norman blend in , but a closer look at how he be dress , expose that he clearly do not belong . on stage , with a backdrop of image of massive oil drilling rig , there be a moderator and a guest speaker -- ron maor ( 65 ) a minister in the israeli parliament . they be discuss geopolitics and the energy market , but we focus be norman 's Pov , scan the room . he be hunt for something , focus on different individual , man and woman , they name - tag , they japtop ps , gadget , briefcase , shoe , different item that catch he attention . while in the b.g . ron maor ( heavy israeli accent ) I tell the american leadership , at a very high level , probably more than half a year ago . go to the Russians . they hold the key . they know the commander of this unit of chemical warfare on a first name basis . some of they be marry to Russian woman . the most effective way to protect this potentially dangerous arsenal , be by get into contact with the Russians . but it should be a real contact without a drop of arrogance . understand in advance that , okay , America lead in Iraq , Europe lead in Libya , now ask the Russians to lead and acce ) the fact that they will have a cote in resolve this conflict . moderator suppose someone say you can not trust they . ( more ) ( continued ) 13 14 8 . continued : 13 moderator ( cont 'd ) you would say it be not a matter of trust but of national interest ... norman have fished a mike and ike candy out of he coat pocket . he suck on it without call attention to himself . maor there be clearly a problem , it relate to the chinese and the Far East as well . it be a major question in the next decade for all the other ally around the Pacific rim . be America push Russia away from the West and into the arm of China ? some natural gas expert in this room will say that be exactly what _they be do by encourage a pipeline between Israel and Turkey . inevitably you will have a symbiotic relationship with China , base on currency trade , whatever ... but as I always say , when deal with global interest , we should not be play backgammon , shesh - besh , you know . where you roll the dice and hope for the best . we should be play chess . as this be go on , norman have lock he glance on : micha eshel . he be in he mid 40s , handsome , well dress . he be sit in the front row near the door , with a expression that be say that he have hear all this before and that he be not very impressed with Mr. maor on stage . int . outside the auditorium - later 14 a buffet lunch be be serve . the attendee be mingling . maor be the center of the room , everyone be try to get a word with he . but there be a smaller group of people greeting eshel as well on the other side of the room . it_is as if this two important man , eshel and maor , while polite to each other and perfectly pleasant , be actually on appose team . norman be follow this dynamic very carefully , notice how they elegantly avoid eye contact with each other . at a certain point maor be escort out of the room by he security guard and entourage . eshel watch maor leave . while norman be watch eshel . 15 16 17 18 int . auditorium - later 15 the room be now three - quarter empty . in this panel , micha eshel be the main attraction . he speak with much less pathos and with considerable humor and ease . the few people that stay to hear he , seem to enjoy he sarcasm . norman be sit in the back , listen . eshel the distinguished minister speak before I , who I have a great deal of respect for , seem to know a lot about everything , and it be hard to argue with he ... god forbid , I be not say he be wrong ... China , Russia , America ... he must know what he be talk about . he be my boss , after all . and a very good chess player . ( slight smile . audience laugh ) but you know , George Bernard Shaw once say - some people see the way thing be and ask why . I see how thing should be and ask - why not ?! Mr. maor be very good at describe the world as it be . if you ask I , I think we job be to discuss how the world should be . int . barclays manhattan headquarters - lobby - later 16 eshel be acceptin compliment | from the few people who be walk with he toward the exit . norman be tailing behind . he follow eshel out the door , watch he as he say goodbye to all the people around he - ' surprisingly remain all alone on the Midtown sidewalk , without any entourage or security . eshel put on he sunglass take in the busy street as if decide where to go , then head uptown . nozman peel off he name - tag from he jacket and follow eshel . ext . outside barclays headquarters - continuous 17 eshel stop at a traffic light . norman be close behind he . ext . chocolatier on madison ave . - day 18 eshel have enter a gourmet chocolate store . ( continued ) 18 19 10 . continued : 18 norman carefully peek into the store window to see eshel casually sampling chocolate . norman consider go inside , but there be something intimate in the way eshel be savore the chocolate that norman know would embarrass eshel if interrupt . so norman wait outside as eshel move over to the cashier with a bag of milk chocolate cover cashew . norman quickly duck out of eshel 's eye-line int . men' clothing boutique , NYC - day 19 from inside the shop and its exquisitely design display window , we see out toward madison Ave . different Upper East side type cross the window . then eshel stop by the window . he look inside at a pair of beautiful calfskin shoe set on a pedestal . the shoe be the centerpiece of the window display . he be munch out of a he bag of chocolate . then we see norman walk by the shop . norman look at eshel for a moment , make believe he be recognize he for the first time . eshel turn around . norman introduce himself . they shake hand . they talk for a bit . they be refer to something in the display window . norman be laugh . so be eshel . they stop laugh and continue converse about something both of they seem to agree on . eshel offer norman a chocolate from he bag . norman firmly decline . then norman open the door to the shop and allow eshel to enter before he . only now do we hear they , mid conversation : norman -.- I have be hap ppy to introduce you to he . let I tell Arthur you be in town . I be go to he dinner tonight . you can join I . eshel how do you know Arthur Taub ? norman wy wife use to baby - sit he . then e end up work for he , year later . they be very close . ( pull out he cell phone ) ( more ) ( continued ) 19 11 . continued : 19 norman ( cont 'd ) let I tell he you be here , I be sure he would be happy if you come tonight . eshel examine norman 's face . his ghoth - his hair . there be something about he appearance that make eshel want to think this over . eshel hold on a second . put the phone back ... norman put the phone back in he pocket . the sale person , who have be wait for a open in they conversation , greet the two gentleman . sale person good Morning . welcome to lanvin . my name be Jacques . eshel we be just look around for now . thank you . jacque I be very happy to assist you today ... come inside . norman Mr. eshel be speak at a very special event later this week and have a series of meeting with business leader and diplomat . he would like to try on the shoe in the window . Jacques put he hand under he chin and look at eshel , take in the clothing he be currently wear and he general style . eshel humor he by pose with he hand fold under he chest . jacque May I ask what line of business you be in ? eshel I do not want to ruin my good first impression , but I be a politician . norman this be Mr. micha eshel . he be the minister of trade and labor in Israel and deputy to the prime minister . eshel no . I be the deputy minister of trade and labor . ( more ) ( continued ) 19 continued : 12 . 19 eshel ( cont 'd ) my boss , the minister , be a deputy to the prime minister , but there be three other deputy , just to put thing in context . jacque it be a honor to meet you , Sir . I be sorry , but you look too young to be ... so important . eshel thank you for the very flatter lie , you have a future in politics ... which be more than I can say for myself . I might be young , but I be already wash up . I be just kid . very nice to meet you , Jacques . ____ jacque §gincerely you do not look wash up . eshel thank you . that 's because I be in New York now . New York make I feel good . back home , I look tired . norman no you do not . I have see you appearance on tv . you look great . eshel that be because I be very photogenic ... norman no , you be one of the few israeli politician who radiate optimism . eshel optimism ... the shoe I buy today will last longer than the government I serve in . norman Change be good . that 's what I be tell . jacque the fashion world rely on change . eshel and the Middle East rely on - how do you say stagnatzia ? norman stagnation . ( continued ) 19 continued : 13 . 19 eshel stagnation . once you be in power , you do not want anything to change . you can ask my boss about that ... orman , do you think he will become prime minister ? eshel maor ? if he do , it ’1ll be a joke . norman what about you ? would you ever consider run ? eshel I ? ( eat a chocolate ) you know what the problem with modern leadership be ? to be a real leader , you need to have a firm idealogy , you have to really know what be right , and never look to the side ... ( illustrate with he hand ) straight . but in order to get elect , you need to be the opposite of all that . that 's the tricky part . orman something tell I that you can do both hink you would be a great candidate . eshel only magician can do two thing at the same time . ( to Jacques ) so what do you say ? jacque the event you be attend ... it be in the evening , yes ? eshel yes . but I think people will be come straight from work . I do not think they be get dress up especially for this . norman of course they be . it 's not black tie , but this be go to be a classy crowd . it 's at the waldorf astoria . ( continued ) 14 . continued : 19 eshel have casually pick up a shoe to see the price . we see it as well : $ 1045 ! norman ( cont ’d ) ( to Jacques ) the press will be there too ... eshel ( return the shoe ) forget the shoe . nobody be go to be look at my shoe . maybe , can I see you tie ... he walk over to the tie display . norman what size shoe be you ? a ten ? eleven ? just try they on . we be already here . eshel no . I be not get shoe now . ( pick up a beautiful tie ) norman ( hand the shoe to Jacques ) we will try this on for Mr. eshel . Jacques walk over to one of the rack , look for something . jacque I think I have a better idea . take some measurement , Mr. she > eshel no . really , I do not want to take up you time . thank you . how much be this tie ? norman move in closer to eshel , take the tie from he hand . norman let 's see what he come up with . do not say no before you try it on . ( reassure he with eye contact ) do not worry . trust I . enjoy it . let he do he job . jacque a young minister should not feel wash up . Excuse I for say . please ... I can help with this . let I try something . eshel think about this for a brief moment , then playfully submit himself to Jacques 's tape measure . ( continued ) 19 20 15 . continued : 19 norman , in the meantime , sneak a peek at the price tag on the tie : $ 195 !! int . men' clothing boutique , NYC - day - later 20 eshel be now stand with he back to a set of three mirror . he be dress in a new elegant suit , shirt and tie . he look , and more importantly - feel amazing . it be not too flashy , it do not call too much attention to itself , but it do give he a uniqueness that eshel can feel even without see himself . norman be reflect in all 3 mirror , smile . Jacques be kneel by eshel 's foot , fix he cuff . eshel ( to norman ) so you say you wife work for Arthur Taub ? norman use to work for he , yes . she pass away . eshel I be sorry . norman this be year ago . but she be very close to Arthur and I would be more than happy if you join I tonight . he be someone you should meet ... eshel I have be hearing he name from a few different people recently . he 's young , right ? what 's he like ? norman ( expertly ) there be two kind of mogul . one kind be like a big ocean-liner ship , they make a lot of wave , and noise , everybody can see they from mile away ... like jo wilf . I think Minister maor be in he close circle of friend . eshel take note of that last point . norman ( cont ’d ) and then there be Arthur , who be more like a nuclear submarine . quiet . fast. Young . and extremely sophisticated . ( continued ) 20 16 . continued : 20 eshel interesting ... norman he 's a interesting fellow . he like to surround rimselt with consultant who be in influential political position but with a eye on the future . he have good instinct about this thing . and he be very good about compensate he consultant . you have enjoy meeting he . eshel take this in . shel maybe I x11 have my office contact he . we will see ... I be not a private person , you know ... not yet , anyway . norman of course . but if you need ny help reach he , I be happy to do it . even if it be just to plant a seed ... eshel thank you . norman where be you stay while you be here ? how can I reach you ? we sense eshel do not want to answer that question . he look over at norman , again try to evaluate he . Jacques at this point have help he slip on a pair of surprisingly simple look shoe with a metallic brown tone to they and ordinary lace . eshel can I look at myself yet ? jacque please , Mr. eshel , you can turn around now . eshel turn around to look at himself . he be speechless . the 3 mirror create a triptych with the reflection of eshel and norman in he background . eshel , look carefully at he reflect image , try a facial expression that 1s contemplative and serious . then he fill he lung with air , create a more authoritative impression . norman and Jacques be watch eshel transform into what he always imagine he could be . ( continued ) 20 17 . continued : 20 but then eshel look down at the price tag on the suit jacket . we see it as well : $ 6750 !! then at the shirt price tag : $ 635 !! eshel take off the jacket as if it be on fire and hand it to the surprised Jacques . he then take off the shoe and pull off he pants . eshel please , take all this away from I before I get use to it . you be right , it do make I feel fabulous , but there be one rule every israeli politician learn in the beginning of he career : you can not wear a suit that cost more than a ordinary man 's car . Israelis do not want to see they representative enjoy themselves . that be a fact . I be sorry for waste you time . norman but what if you do not know how much it cost ? eshel I do . it be too late . norman to Jacques ) could Mr. eshel perhaps borrow the suit for he event ? jacque I can ask . we do that occasionally with celebrity and red carpet . eshel no ! I be not borrow it . I do not want to feel like cinderella for one night . I be not a model , I 'ma member of parliament . norman then keep the shoe . eshel ( hand the shoe to Jacques ) no. enough ... I do not want they . norman take the shoe from Jacques . norman please . let I buy you this shoe . it would be my privilege to buy they for you . if it make a israeli leader feel good , that be the least I can do . ( continued ) 18 . 20 continued : 20 eshel no . thank you . but no . I can not . norman ( kneel by eshel with the shoe ) would you at least put they on one more time . go ahead . just put you foot inside , before you say no . eshel look at Jacques , then at norman , and finally slip he foot back into the shoe . eshel be now in he shirt , tie , underwear , sock and - metallic brown dress shoe . he love this shoe ! norman pull out he credit card and give it to Jacques . norman ( cont ’d ) we be take they . I do not want you walk out of here empty hand ... eshel ( intercept the card ) I can not let you pay . if I take the shoe , I have to pay for they . norman it 's a expense for I . I write it off . do not argue ... I want to do it . eshel the truth be , I can not put that kind of expense on my credit card . norman you do not have to . I get it . norman push eshel 's hand away , nod to Jacques , who take a moment to confirm the transaction before he step into a side room with the credit card . eshel yeah ? you sure ? _. norman yes. positive . do not worry . I be happy to do it . eshel be look down at norman 's wear - out $ 40 shoe . eshel what about you ? why do not you buy a pair for yourself ? they really be magical shoe norman I ? no . I need special orthopedic shoe , I have a very wide foot . Don ! t ask . I have get problematic eet ... ( continued ) 20 19 . continued : 20 Jacques return with the card and pen on a tray together with the receipt . norman blushes with surprise when he look at the receipt before he sign it . we see the amount : $ 1137 ( include tax ) norman pick up the pen to sign , but right before he do , he stop to look at eshel who be put on he old cloth . eshel be everything okay ? norman sign the receipt . place the pen down with a dramatic effect . norman everything be perfect ! enjoy ! jacque would you like to wear they out , Mr. eshel , or should I put they in a box for you . eshel please put they in a box . thank you . I will save they for the right occasion . he hand the shoe to norman as if norman be he assistant . norman hand the shoe over to Jacques to wrap in a box . eshel ( cont 'd ) Jesus . I just realize I be terribly late . I must run now . thank you very much . ( then to norman ) I do not know what to say . thank you for this . I be glad I bump into you ! norman my pleasure . eshel ( joke ) I should have take the tie too ... norman next time ... eshel next time . ( then ... ) here , take the chocolate . they be delicious . norman I have severe nut allergy . one wrong bite and I can drop dead . ( continued ) 20 20 . continued : 20 1li no thi bi ( pull the bag away ) oh. sorry . specifically cashews ? norman no. peanut . but this be the one area I do not take any risk . thank you for offer . eshel ( hold up a chocolate ) this can really kill you ? what happen if you take a bite ? norman if it have even the smallest trace of a peanut , my body mistake it for a dangerous substance and immediately shut itself down . my skin react , my eye tear . my nose start run , and my throa swell so that I can not breathe . norman pull out a epipen injector from he pocket . norman ( cont 'd ) if I do not inject myself with one of this , I can be dead in less than fifteen minute . eshel be impressed by this description . he pop the chocolate he be hold into he mouth and carefully place the bag of chocolate on the counter next to Jacques , away from norman . Jacques nod with gratitude . eshel walk toward the exit of the fitting room . norman ( cont 'd ) what about Arthur ? would you like to meet he ? can I tell he you 'il be come with I tonight ? eshel think about this for a moment . finally -- eshel sure . why not . it would be great to meet he . I just need to check my schedule . I be stay at the Warwick . leave a message for I there with the detail . thank you , norman ... norman norman oppenheimer . eshel walk back in , hand norman he business card , and tap he on he shoulder in a friendly way . ( continued ) 20 21 21 . continued : 20 eshel here . take this . it have my private number in back . no matter what , when you be in Israel , norman oppenheimer , if you ever peed anything , feel free to call . norman pull out he card holder and take out he own business card and hand it to eshel . norman and this be I . when you be in New York , if there be anything I can help " with , anything at all , please let I know . and i711 call you later . eshel ( read off norman 's card oppenheimer strategies ... eshel put the card inside the shoe box . on he way out with he shopping bag , he grab a few final chocolate from the bag he leave on the counter . norman and Jacques watch he as he blend into madison Ave . norman look down at the card in he hand . we see it have the official symbol of the state of Israel . it read : '' ministry of industry , trade and labor . micha eshel , deputy minister '' . and on the other side , handwritten , eshel 's private cell phone number . ext . madison ave - evening 21 norman be walk and talk on the phone . norman -.- I understand it be a sit-down dinner . I do not need a seat . just one seat for Mr. eshel . i’11 stand . I have to be somewhere anyway . norman stop walk . distress . norman ( cont ’d please , do not give I a final answer until you speak with Arthur . - - micha eshel . -- E. S. H. E. L. tell he he be the guy in charge of regulate the energy industry ... -- my name ? norman oppenheimer . -- m eshel be a close friend of mine . -- micha_is in town for a few day and he tell I he would really love to meet Arthur ... -- just please ask Arthur . ( more ) ( continued ) 21 22 23 24 25 22 . continued : 21 norman ( cont ’d ) and if there be two seat , that be obviously better ... -- one seat be enough . more than enough . see what you can do . thank you . call I ack ...-- thank you . norman hang up , pull out eshel 's business card and dial . int . eshel 's HOTEL suite bathroom - same time 22 eshel 's phone ring just as_he enter he suite . he look at the number on the screen , place the phone on a table by the door and head toward the luxurious tub in the bathroom . we stay on the phone while it continue to ring and eshel get the water run in the tub . ext . on norman , madison ave . - same time 23 norman give up , dial another number . after a moment . norman yes . hi. can you connect I _to Mr. eshel 's room ... -- so can I leave he a message ? int . eshel 's HOTEL suite - night - later 24 eshel , in a robe , and wearing he new shoe , be speak on the phone . with : int . bedroom . jerusalem apartment - night - israel 25 it be seven hour ahead and duby ( 60 ) , eshel 's lawyer , a small man with intense eye and a no - nonsense demeanor , be in bed , pick up a pen and note- pad from he night - table . they speak hebrew . duby ( as he write down the name norman oppenheimer ) do he say what he do ? eshel he 's a businessman . he have some kind of investment fund . not sure I understand exactly ... a warm Jew . duby be quietly step out of he bedroom so not to wake he wife , take the pad with he . duby you want to meet Arthur Taub , but not through this guy norman . ( continued ) 25 23 . continued : 25 eshel I have nothing better to do tonight , why not join he ? duby you can not walk in there with someone you just meet and know nothing about . this thing be important . if you want to meet Arthur , let I set up a proper meeting . eshel be you sure ? it seem harmless ... duby by now be by he laptop , search for norman oppenheimer . random face come up , but none of they be norman . the further down he scrolis , the more picture of ROBERT oppenheimer and image of atomic explosion fill the screen . duby I be sure . one hundred percent sure . eshel have walk out onto the terrace of the suite . eshel I hear Taub be like some kind of - nuclear submarine ... duby listen to I . we do not even know what this event be all about ... I do not want you walk into a uncomfortable situation . go see a movie . go have a good meal . should i_ reserve a table for you at a nice place ? eshel I will find something to do . forget it . any press on my visit here so far ? duby be now look at a news website on he computer screen with a picture of ron maor in a photo - opp in NY with important U.S. official . duby no. nothing special . it 's better this way ... eshel it 's crazy to see how they suck up everything maor say . I be tell ou , he be a dangerous man . he iterally believe he own bullshit ... as if he be run the entire world . duby be sense the poison spread in eshel 's vein and know he need to change the subject . ( continued ) 25 26 27 28 24 . continued : 25 duby ( search the web for entertainment option ) do you want to see a show tonight ? what do you feel like do ? eshel ... I do not understand how people take he seriously ? can not they see he be as dumb as a shoe ? duby I be get you ticket for a show ! eshel no show . I be not in the mood for a show . I will go get something to eat . do not worry about I ... duby okay . put it on you hotel bill . they be pay for it . and do I a favor - stay away from the norman . I be serious . duby disappear , we stay on eshel . he sit down on the sofa in he suite . he be restless . his phone ring . he realize it be norman . he be tempt to answer , but as per duby 's instruction - he do not . instead , he pick up the remote control and turn on the tv as the phone continue to ring . int . / ext . upper east side townhouse - night - same time 26 norman hang up he phone . he be wait by the entrance as invitees pass he on they way into a grand Upper East side townhouse . he step out to the street corner , but no sign of eshel . he take out he phone again . we see the screen . he be call - '' eshel private cell . '' it ring and ring . int . restaurant - night 27 eshel be sit alone in a booth in a very expensive gourmet restaurant , sip wine and enjoy a beautifully display dish of oyster . his phone be buz . he ignore it . int . upper east side townhouse - night 28 norman have now blend into the mingling guest . ( continued ) 28 29 30 25 . continued : 28 we see arthur taub ( 45 ) , the nuclear submarine . he be greeting he guest . Arthur notice norman from the corner of he eye . norman casually pick up a hor d'oeuvre from a pass waiter , while he nod he head toward Arthur . int . townhouse , dine area - night 29 norman have walk up to the second level of the house . he examine the hor d'oeuvre in he hand - it look like a stuff fig with a unidentified nut topping - norman smell it . know he can not eat it , he place it on a mantel behind a decorative statue . then he peek through the large door lead into the formal dining room . from norman 's Pov we see a long , fancy dinner table with approximately 20 setting . next to each set there be a name card . norman walk in , go over the name card until he locate the card that say micah eshel . it be a proud moment for he -— to have literally secure ( by proxy ) a seat at the table . he pull out he phone and dial again . '' eshel private cell . '' he take a deep , troubled breath as he realize that eshel be not pick up . int . townhouse . dine area - later 30 the guest be now enter the dining area , find they seat around the table . norman be already sit comfortably by the table , on the seat mark for micha eshel . he smile nonchalantly at the guest as they take they seat around he . Arthur , who be talk to a few people on the other side of the room , notice norman sit by the table . he whisper something into the ear of a woman stand next to he . she be Arthur 's assistant . the smile assistant approach norman . she lean down so that she be very close to he ear . arthur' assistant ( very quietly ) Mr. Taub would like to speak with you . do you mind join I ? ( continued ) 30 31 32 26 . continued : 30 norman of course . thank you ( to the couple sit next to he ) Excuse I ... norman and Arthur 's ( smile ) assistant step out and disappear into a corridor . omitted 31 int . indoor basketball court , townhouse - night - continugus the assistant leave norman wait in this indoor basketball court which apparently serve as Arthur 's kid own all purpose playroom . norman look around , take in the extravagant set . he have he business card ready in he hand . Arthur enter . arthur Mr. oppenheimer ? norman norman . we meet at the stern auction . m onute be friendly with lili . by t I can not thank you enough for ' the ast_minute invitation for eshel . arthur where be he ? Mr. eshel . norman he 's on he way . I just speak to he . he apologize . he be hold wu in a meeting at the U.N. , but he be on this way ... arthur you just speak to he now ? norman yes . a few minute ago . Arthur be evaluate norman . he seem amused , rather than angry . arthur how do you know Mr. eshel ? norman I have be help he out with some of he american alliance . there be some very interesting idea he be try to promote ... for instance , I be sure you have hear of the tax money Israel be withhold now ... ( more ) ( continued ) 32 return wit 27 . continued : 32 norman ( cont'd he have this genius idea for a third party to buy that tax receivable ... arthur ( cut he off ) and , just so that I understand , Mr. eshel ask you to ask I if he can come tonight ? norman I tell he about some of the work you have be do with the cancer research fund in Israel and other initiative you support and he be very excited to meet you ... yes . arthur you realize that this be a intimate dinner for a group of people who get together for a very specific purpose , right ?... and t at this be my house . my private ome ... norman it be a beautiful home ... arthur you can not just walk in and sit at my table . I be happy to include Mr. eshel , even though I find it a bit odd that he would invite himself to a dinner through someone I do not actually know , but if he be not here , the invitation be not up for grab . you understand that , right ? be speak , norman notice Arthur 's assistant norman 's coat and hat over she arm . norman he should be here any moment ... arthur well then why do not you wait for he outside and when he arrive I promise you we will make he feel very comfortable . norman you want I to wait outside ? arthur please . norman okay '' that 's fine . I be sure he will ere any minute . thank you , Arthur . ( continued ) 32 33 34 35 36 37 28 . continued : 32 Arthur be not sure what to make of norman . he give he one last look before he turn around and leave . once alone with norman , Arthur 's assistant 's smile disappear . she open a service door lead to the back yard . norman take he coat and hat , thanks the assistant with a head gesture , then leave . ext . upper east side townhouse - night 33 norman , deflate , be sit on a bench opposite the townhouse . he be empty the last candy out of he box of Mike and pke , chew on they obsessively , and scratch he collar one . from he Pov , through the large window of the townhouse , we see Arthur and he guest enjoy they privileged dinner . norman rip apart the gandy box to make sure it be really , empty , then get up and walk away into the dark park . ext . a synagogue on the upper west side - night - later 34 this be a old Upper West side building . norman come walk down the block . he stop by the synagogue and press he face against the glass door . he try the door . it be open . int . synagogue - continuous 35 we hear a choir and a cantor echoing in the foyer . norman step into the main sanctuary , follow the music . int . synagogue - MAIN sanctuary - continuous 36 a cantor and he choir be rehearse a cantorial piece in this modest in size , but beautiful old New York synagogue . the cantor acknowledge norman with a slight head - nod , as he continue the rehearsal . norman step out and enter a small kitchenette off the main sanctuary . int . kitchenette - continuous 37 norman , hungry , find a box of ritz cracker on the counter and a bottle of ginger ale . ( continued ) 37 29 . continued : 37 he take a fist - full of cracker and pour himself a paper cup full of ginger ale . he open the refrigerator and pull out a jar of pickled herring . just as he be about to place a piece of herring on a cracker , he hear rapid footstep descend down a staircase . norman quickly return the cracker box and the jar to where they be . rabbi blumenthal , a 50 year - old beardless rabbi , emerge from the stairwell , notice norman on he way out . he have the energy of someone on speed . rabbi blumenthal norman oppenheimer ! if you come to hear my class , you be a little late ... norman if I have the time ... if I only have the time . rabbi blumenthal you be busy . that 's good . someone have to make sure the world out there be still spin ... what 's new ? who 's win ? who 's lose ? tell I something exciting . norman I just get back from a very special evening . fascinating people ... ( casually ) at Arthur Taub 's house . rabbi blumenthal you be in Arthur Taub 's house ? norman I bring micha eshel with I . I should introduce you to he . you know who he be , right ? rabbi blumenthal say the name again ... norman micha eshel . he 's in the israeli parliament . young. charismatic . sharp - very sharp . I be help he out a bit ... show he the rope . I be go to help he raise some money . we sense rabbi blumenthal be skeptical of norman 's name - drop , but he play along so not to offend he . rabbi blumenthal good for you . he be a lucky man to have you on he side . ( continued ) 37 38 39 30 . continued : 37 norman I be the lucky one . believe I , this guy - he 's the real thing . he 's a incredible human be . __ rabbi blumenthal maybe bring he to we as a guest lecturer . if you say he 's good ... norman next time he be here . we will make a evening out of it ... _ , rabbi blumenthal sound like a plan , norman . rabbi blumenthal look at norman . he do not believe a word e just hear , but go along with it be easier than Ben ronting norman . rabbi blumenthal ( cont ’d ) I be go to head home . you stay ? norman ( refer to the cantor in the background ) zt relax I . i’1l listen for a it . rabbi blumenthal nod he head and leave norman alone in the kitchenette . norman take a handful of cracker before he exit -- int . MAIN sanctuary - night 38 norman quietly sit down on one of the bench and listen to the choir and cantor rehearse . the entire wall in front of he be cover with memorial plaque . hundred of name engrave in bronze sheet on the wall . norman pull out he phone and look down at the screen , scrolling down he contact list , wait , hope , he phone will ring . but it do not . he look up . one name plaque in particular catch norman 's attention . we close in on it : henry kavish int . eshel 's HOTEL suite - night 39 with the cantorial harmony still under the scene . eshel be alone in he hotel room . he be drunk after a whole bottle of wine all to himself . ( continued ) 39 40 4l 42 31 . continued : 39 he collapse onto he bed and see the shoebox from lanvin . he open the box . pull out a shoe . he stare at it with admiration . he notice norman 's business card . ext . outside the synagogue - night - same time 40 norman 's phone ring . he look at the screen , he face light up : '' eshel private cell . '' norman have just step out of the 's nagoque , but when he try to reenter , door be now er before norman answer the call , he walk around the building into a narrow service alley where there be decorative window into the main sanctuary and row of garbage can . ext . alley - night - continuous 41 norman find a spot , take a deep breath -- norman hello Sir . int . / ext . alley - share with - eshel 's HOTEL suite 42 the two man be now superimposed on the screen : eshel , lie on he back , hold the shoe up in front of he face , norman in the alley , by the garbage can . the choir can still be heard . it annotate the scene . eshel be it too late to call ? norman no . not at all . I just get back from Arthur 's dinner . eshel I be sorry I could not make it . it be a crazy day . I be really sorry . norman that 's okay . no need to apologize . we will find another opportunity . I tell Arthur all about you . eshel I feel terrible . do you forgive I ? norman pause on this . as if it be the first time in he life anyone ask he that question . ( continued ) 32 . 42 continued : 42 norman please , do not give it another think . eshel yeah ? you sure ? norman positive . eshel I want you to know how much I appreciate what you do for I today . I really do . it be ... nice . norman I be glad . eshel I too . thank you , norman . norman no , thank you . eshel 's head drop back , he be about to pass out . norman ( cont ’d ) Mr. eshel ? eshel how _do you say galgal_ anak in English ? the big wheel in the amusement park . like in London ... norman a ferris wheel ? eshel yes . a ferris wheel . sometimes you be up and sometimes you be down . I just want to say that to you . norman yes . I know what you mean .. eshel I have taste it on my tongue . be on top of everything . once you taste it , you can not settle for anything less . do you know that , norman ? do you understand what I be say ? norman be confuse by eshel 's slur speech , but he respond with he utmost sincerity . norman I do . eshel I do too . I do too ... ( continued ) 42 43 44 33 . continued : 42 eshel pass out . the choir fade out . norman Mr. eshel ? norman stay on the line , listen to eshel 's heavy breathe . fade to black . title : three year later over _the black screen we hear : 43 announcer it be my great honor to welcome the prime minister of the state of Israel -- micha eshel ... a roar of applause and ecstatic cheering , take we into - int . WASHINGTON convention CENTER - night 44 this be a ballroom the size of a football field . thousand of men and woman be on they foot , applaud and cheer . we see the stage . it be the annual aipac convention in Washington . a single , official speak podium be set in the center of the vast , somewhat futuristically design stage . a musical introduction ( with pathos at the level of the Star Wars theme ) be play on the PA , accompany the entrance of micha eshel , wave , smile , overwhelm by this imperial welcoming . eshel thank you . thank you . thank you . thank you very much . thank you . thank you . thank you Michael . thank you . thank you all ... thank you . thank you ... but the applause will not stop . eshel absorb it in . allow the love to flow . we camera close in on he unavoidable smirk , then slowly move down he body and stop on he - metallic brown shoe . Way , way back , far from the stage , norman oppenheimer be in the audience , appiaudin with the mass , he name tag dangle around he neck . ( continued ) 44 45 34 . continued : 44 he be stand so far away from the stage , eshel be too small for norman to see he face . so norman have he head direct at one of the large screen in the ballroom , project eshel 's exuberant face . norman be in tear . tear of genuine excitement . int . hall in convention CENTER - later 45 a long line of men and women have form around a highly guard reception area where eshel and other vip be shaking and and greeting each other . norman be look at eshel from a distance . from he Pov we see duby , eshel 's lawyer who be now he chief of staff . and hanna ( 38 ) curly hair , nice smile and energetic eye . they be stand behind eshel with cell phone in they hand , whisper to each other and occasionally into eshel 's ear , monitoring the people who get to approach the new prime minister . Philip Cohen approach norman . he have a plate of pecan pie with ipped cream in he hand . together they continue to look at eshel from a distance . norman for once I bet on the right horse . what be the odd ? it be a miracle . philip have you speak to he yet ? I mean since he win ? norman we nve be exchange message . it 's not that simple to reach he anymore . he 's get a lot on he plate . philip and ... from now on , I mean , how do it work ? be you friend ? how close be you ? do you get to visit he in he office ? when he come to the States do he invite you to have breakfast with he at Blair House ? norman to tell you the truth , I do not know . from my side , I " want he to know that I be here for he if he need I . ( continued ) 45 46 35 . continued : 45 Philip look at norman , try to evaluate how sincere he be . norman appear to be not only sincere - but truly move by the magnitude of this event . philip can you introduce I to he ? norman look at the long line of people wait for they turn with eshel . norman of course ! but let 's wait for the right moment . I do not want to push myself on he . philip if you do not go up to he , he will not know you be here . norman be hesitant . philip ( cont 's D ) look at he . he be seal off , very few people have access to he 's now that he be King . for all you_ know he may never return you call , or worse - he may never even receive you message . norman nonsense . micha be a friend . philip micha ? there be no more micha . there be prime minister eshel , and he have million of friend . you need to get on that line . norman know Philip be right . int . hall in convention CENTER - later 46 with at least twenty people ahead of they , norman and Philip be stand on line to meet eshel . from norman 's Pov we hear bit and piece of the conversation around eshel and see visual fragment of this very quick and awkward encounter . we jump cut from one encounter to the next , emphasize the repetitiveness . one of the people introduce be -- duby jo wilf , need no introduction . eshel Mr. wilf ! it be good to finally meet you . ( continued ) 46 36 . continued : 46 jo wilf ( 70 ) , the ocean-liner , receive a warm hand shake from eshel but then he be ushere away just like the rest . norman follow he as he be push out of the inner circle , notice how protective duby be of eshel 's space . as norman and Philip move up in line , we also get a sense for how this work : hanna spot the person next in line , together with another aide she verify they identity , then she whisper the info into duby 's ear . hanna be the friendly one . duby be protective and suspicious . we close in on norman . he be only 4 or 5 people away from meeting eshel and he be suddenly very nervous about what might happen . duby ( 0.s. ) pastor Kermit Little , founder of Christians Assembly for Israel . eshel ( 0.s. ) pastor . I be honore you be here . we will be see each other tomorrow night , right ? norman catch hanna 's glance . she smile at he but it do not seem like she have any idea who he be . she look down at she list . turn a few page . nothing . duby 's suspicious , intimidating eye also fall on norman for a brief second . norman fix he name tag so that it be in clear view . Philip look over at norman . norman be do he best to project ease . but Philip sense he distress . | philip everything okay ? norman yes . Fine . I might be reacting to something in the room . but I be okay ... the aide stand next to hanna be go through she list as well , finally find what she be look for . norman see she whisper something into hanna 's ear , who whisper something into duby 's ear , who look up directly at norman . on the sound - track - background ambiance disappear . norman be as helpless and pale as a condemn man about to hear he verdict . then he hear -- ( continued ) 46 37 . continued : 46 duby norman oppenheimer , from New York ... eshel turn to face norman . a beat . there be definite favorable recognition . eshel 's face break into a huge and warm smile . sound -track back to normal . eshel norman !! my friend ! where have you be ? I have be try to reach you . norman finally can breathe again , allow eshel to pull he in for a warm and meaningful embrace . secret service agent , aide , photographer , all seem to close in on norman , but not in a threaten way - they be all smile at he . include jo wilf , who be watch norman with a curious look on he face . all but duby - who be not smile and still seem very suspicious of norman . eshel ( cont 'd ) ( to duby and hanna you know norman , right ? they all shake hand . eshel ( cont 'd ) naomi . come meet norman oppenheimer . norman , this be my wife naomi . they shake hand . eshel ( cont 'd ) norman be go to be my special honorary ambassador to New York jewry . my personal , special advisor . duby he be ? norman I be ? eshel yes . of course . look around you . look around ... ( continued ) 46 38 . continued : 46 we look around - the room have ENERGY . hundred of face , name - tag , business card changing hand , men and women in vibrant , loud , pressing social encounters . eshel ( cont ’d there be over five hundred organization represent in this room . it be a tremendous force of nature . tremendous . unprecedent in we history . we need to understand how this incredible force unite around the issue that be important for the jewish people ... and the world ! duby can relax . another empty , meaningless promise . but it be enough to impress Philip . and confuse norman . edash ! they picture be take against the backdrop of the two ag . the next people in line be ushere up to eshel , and norman be prepare to move aside , but eshel will not let go of norman 's arm . duby Congressman Bob Love from Georgia . eshel Tom , good to see you . do you know norman oppenheimer ? bob love no , I do not . Nice to meet you , norman . this be my wife , Joyce . norman finally shake off he initial daze . norman Nice to meet you , Congressman . Mrs. Love . Philip lean in , remind norman of he presence . norman ( cont ’d ) this be my nephew , Philip Cohen , I think he be the youngest partner at frankle , Zell , gould and rudoff in New York . right ? philip very nice to meet you . one of the youngest ... norman ( pull he in closer ) I be sorry 1 T do not introduce you . ilip , meet prime minister eshel . ( continued ) 39 . 46 continued : 46 eshel Nice to meet you , Philip . duby , why do I know that firm ? philip eshel ( cont ' dy we represent Toby sure , Toby ... I know Toby . tabatchnik , I think he be .. norman Toby be marry to a Solomon . Beth . she be Charlie Solomon 's daughter ... duby more important L y Sir gavin Solomon 's granddaughter ... I mention he to you the other day . eshel ( to Bob Love ) this Toby , you hear of smile bar ? the candy bar . amazing story ... as this conversation continue -- we camera gradually move up and away from the commotion around eshel . norman be in the center of it , shaking hand , laugh , talk , accept business card . from a high angle , it all appear like a busy beehive . hundred of people , buzzing around the room , maneuver toward the center . the camera stop high above the room with this intricate , dynamic , human pattern fill we entire frame , illustrate the elaborate network that be be form in front of we eye ... -- freeze ! within the freeze : on norman : look around he - he see a forest of human encounter freeze in time . just as great composer create perfect harmony in they mind , as world - class chess player can plan 50 move ahead - so norman 's genius come into play in this room , at this moment . he see how it all connect ! norman examine the different freeze interaction . -- he see Arthur ( nuclear submarine ) Taub . he examine he cocky face without_any spite or resentment , only a satisfied smile that say - I have arrive ! he also see Arthur 's ( still smile ) assistant . -- then he look over at bill kavish , stand next to jo wile . Bill have a strain smile and drop of sweat on he orehea ( continued ) 46 47 48 continued : 40 . 46 -- then norman see rabbi blumenthal try to push he way into a cluster of people , but seem to be bloc aggressive socialite . ed out by more -- and Philip , right behind norman , next to eshel , in he element , mid-conversation , radiant with charisma . norman pull out of he pocket he business card holder . he extract one and feel it with he finger like one feel quality silk . int . / ext . taxi - night 47 norman be in the back seat of a cab , look out the window with a big smile on he face on he way to Union Station . we see various DC landmark and memorial ( Capitol Hill , Washington monument , jefferson Memorial , etc ) from norman 's Pov , intercut with : int . convention CENTER - night 48 flash of people introducing themselves to norman earlier in the evening . men , women , old and young , name , organization , affiliation in staccato . each introduce the next . all from norman 's Pov , realistic 1 and gritty , in lior ( israeli accent my job be basically to help israeli business communicate with the World Bank here in Washington . my wife , rita ... lior ( whisper ) her brother be the chief rabbi of Rome . lior Luis be a Spanish parliament member . he head the nuclear energy commission there ... izzy collage of face , name and accent . rita ( heavy italian accent ) I '' with the jdc , joint distribution committee . my brother , rabbi Ariel De La pelgula . ariel do LA pelgula ( italian ) Nice to meet you Mr. oppenheimer . meet Luis pascual . luis pascual ( Spanish ) very pleased to meet you , Mr. oppenheimer . you know m friend , and lawyer , Philip ... ( continued ) 48 continued : philip they all _come together through jo wilf who be very close _to rabbi De La pelgula 's family , and of course through he to the Pope ... philip jo , I want you to meet a relative of mine , norman oppenheimer . norman , this be jo wilf . norman be close with eshel ... amos chertoff it be not till my_late teens that_ god personally touch I . it be after the war in 67 . ten of thousand be connect that historic event to a tremendous release of the spirit . most of they have a supernatural experience . when the lord touch I . when he manifest himself to I ... jo wilf how come I do not know you ? I know every oppenheimer in the world ... agnes Nice to meet you , norman . ( hand over he card ) we nre the only organization that be do what James , the lord 's brother , say to do in act 15 . we be restorin David 's fall tabernacte 41 . 48 amos chertoff ( Southern accent ) amo chertoff . messianic jewish Alliance of America . very nice to meet you . jo wilf how close is_ close ? Close close ? or '' close '' ? rabbi blumenthal ( in confidence ) when can we talk ? do you have time next week ? we be lose we building , that 's what 's oing on . see what you can of . i’1l see you at the board meeting . yes ? get move , norman . get move . we be depend on you ... dick weaver there be a lot of idea out there that be not biblical , so keep it sound and ground in good doctrine be hard . that be one of the reason we do what we do at mia . meet sister agnes . agnes , this be norman , a very ose friend of prime minister eshel . jo wilf that 's pretty close . good to know . eshel , he be still a mystery to I ... tell I something about he ... ( continued ) 48 continued : lior wait , do you know Bruce Parish ? gil ( israeli_accent ) 42 . 48 bruce parish look , for we at the nuf it be pretty simple and straightforward . the rule of law . free and fair election . independent judiciary . independent control of the military . Gay rights ... Israel Inc . it be actually a sale agency for Israel . the goal be to encourage positive view of Israel . we even aim further . we get people on a plane , get they to Israel . introduce they to the most inspiring people in the world . Israel as a must see experience . have you meet Barbara klein ? startup State ... let I introduce you ... barbara klein I work with Peter Black at a hedge fund call stanely . agnes I have never see two people come out of a smorgasbord with the same plate ... but we all_can still sit at the same table , can not we ? gil it 's all about what be in it for you . we give you what you want and we get what we need . by not include politics or religion in we agenda simply because it do not sell . amos chertoff we cast we demon out of everything alive or dead . under the power of God descend like that - ( rake a sound of ierce wind ) - you can not remain still ... it literally blow I out the door . peter black we mission be to make sure New York do not turn into New Havana .. rabbi blumenthal norman , introduce I to Ariel De La pelgula . I see you talk to he . next time the Pope be in New York , there be no reason the only tabbi he meet be Alan schweitzer ! agnes my brother and sister in e African american group , the latino group the chinese group , the inilippino group . we work together to share the gospel with the jewish people . do you know Fred Stokes ? ( continued ) 48 continued : fred stoke all of you family go to hell , but you get to be save ?! that 's not good news ! we have to find a way to talk to_the jewish man and woman . deliver the good news ! jo wilf ( pull Bill kavish into the frame ) look , there might be something for we to talk about . call my office . Bill , make sure we get in touch with Mr. oppenheimer . eshel 43 . 48 barbara klein ..- attract emerge nation , business leader , academic , ngos , entrepreneur and teach the tool , the special sauce , the magic dust that Israel have to offer in respect to innovation . the brand be creativity . bill ( look at the card , then into norman 's eye ) this be a cell phone . do you have a office ? a address ? ( pull norman aside ) my son , davidy , he want to go to Harvard Business School , he do not have the grade , but he have a good instinct , believe I , like he mother . do you know somebody who can help he with he , application ? I do not want any specia treatment ... just a few tip . to understand what they be look for . naomi his grade be very good . but he miss some of he exam because he have to go to miluim , you know what miluim be ? Army service . what can you do ? we live in a tough neighborhood ... but he be a excellent student . hanna duby please , do not speak to anyone on behalf of the prime minister . if he ask you for something , it be important that you speak to I or with hanna first . okay ? ( hand over she card ) feel free to call I . that 's what I be here for . any time . do not worry , all he call so do not use any of t ge though I , e old number . I be so happy to finally meet you in person ... ( continued ) 48 49 50 continued : bruce parish ( candidly ) if the goal be achieve by speak privately , we will speak privately . not everything have to be public . be there not a certain humility or restraint the jewish leader should exercise when real life hang in the balance ? rabbi blumenthal without a building , without that four wall a floor and a ceiling , we be like a old wine in a break bottle . something physical have to hold we together ... 44 , 48 barbara klein we be work on a documentary that be fully fund . but only so many people see documentary . so we be also cooking up a feature film . apparently there have not be a feature film that 's be seductive about Israel since exodus , so we be work on a romantic comedy set in Israel ... philip that rabbi you speak with , blumenthal , be he friendly ? do you think he can help I with Nicole 's conversion ? barbara klein start up State do not have a address . that be the point . it 's in people 's mind . it 's abstract . and together with Barbara klein , everyone in the room join in - everyone here , take my card ... call I ! norman take it_all in . he be drunk , but not from alcohol . he have never feel this safe , or at home , in he life . the last image in this series of flash from norman 's Pov , be a shot of eshel be escort out of the room by a dense herd of aide and security . eshel turn he head and give norman one last look . there be long in norman 's eye as he watch eshel disappear . int . taxi - night 49 back in the cab , the nigerian driver look back at norman with a friendly smile . norman be go over the ten of business card he collect over the evening . ext . union station WASHINGTON DC - night 50 norman 's cab stop my the main entrance . norman get out of the cab and enter the station . 51 45 . int . train - night 51 alexandra ( alex ) GREEN ( 30 ) be enter the train car still at the platform of Union Station . she take off she coat as she find a seat by the aisle . there be a aipac name tag still hang around she neck under she coat . once she sit down , we notice norman enter the car . he see she name tag and smile at she , sit across the aisle from she . norman norman oppenheimer . Nice to meet you . ( read off she name tag ) Alex Green . alex Nice to meet you too . I guess we can take this off now . they both remove they name tag . Alex pull out she iPad , but before she can turn it on -- norman what bring you to aipal ? alex I represent one of the organization . norman which one ? which organization ? alex I work in the israeli consulate in New York . norman really ? you be israeli ? you do not sound israeli . alex I be not . _. norman where be you family from ? alex Excuse I ? norman where be you from ? where be you bear ? how do you end up here ? alex I be from geneva . originally . ( continued ) 51 46 . continued : 51 norman really ? geneva ! then you must know a close friend of mine ... Leo reiss . Alex shake she head , no , she do not know he . norman ( cont 'd ) no ? very famous family , a big supporter of the Israel museum . his wife Sophia ... no ? Alex shake she head . norman sense she coldness , so he let go . as passenger continue to enter the train , walk through the isle between they -- norman ( cont ’d ) wait ... Green ... any connection to Julian Green ? from Basel ... Alex shake she head again . the last passenger have enter the car . he stop rie ht between they and indicate to Alex that he would e the seat next to she . Alex get up to allow he to get in . norman ( cont 'd ) ( move over in he seat ) you be welcome to sit here ... if you be busy , I will not bother you . do not worry ... Alex look up at the seat situation in the car . the last traveler be find they seat , fill up most of the car . she do not really have a civil way to refuse , so she collect she stuff and sit next to norman . alex thank you . as she turn on she iPad -- norman what do you do in the consulate ? alex I be in the legal department . I ’ma lawyer . norman I have have dinner with you boss a few time . yuval . the consul general . interesting fellow ... you can send he my regards . Alex nod she head with a blank smile . ( continued ) 51 52 47 . continued : 51 announcer welcome aboard amtrak acela express . for you safety please take a moment to review the safet instruction card in the seat - bac in front of you ... the train begins to move . the announcement continue -- announcer ( cont ’d ) at this time the conductor will be come by to inspect you ticket . please have they ready . if you be seat in the quiet car , pease refrain from use cell phone and please speak in subdued tone . thank you for choose amtrak . norman _ ( smilin . 4 this be not the quiet car , be it ? int . blair house - night 52 eshel , duby , hanna , naomi and other aide and staff together with the regular group of secret service men , enter one of the large draw room , still swarm with journalist , embassy staff and other guest . the official / ceremonial part of the day be over and eshel be in a playful , jet-lagged mood . eshel everybody ! go home . go to sleep ! leave I alone ! the historical bond between the United States and Israel have never be stronger , you can all relax . at least tilt tomorrow morning . right duby ? duby nsmile the '' specia relationship '' be intact ! eshel that 's right . the '' special , relationship '' . and ... eshel lift he hand as if he be conduct a choir . eshel , duby and everybody else the '' unwaver ' commitment to Israel 's security ... '' eshel yafe . the unwaver commitment . now , please , leave I alone ... get some sleep . if I have to shake one more hand tonight , my finger will fall off . ( continued ) 52 48 . continued : 52 eshel allow himself to fall into one of the sofa in the room . he loosen he tie and kick off he shoe . with hanna 's encouragement , most of the people exit the room . but there be one tall , slim man in he 60 wait patiently in the corner of the room who be not leave . his name be bruce schwartz . duby ( to eshel ) one more hand to shake , I be afraid . you have meet Bruce schwartz before , have not you ? special Middle East coordinator Bruce come over and sit in one of the chair opposite eshel . bruce just over the phone . good to finally meet in person , rime minister . we do not have to shake hand ... eshel that be very considerate of you . they shake hand anyway . eshel ( cont 'd ) you be not go to make I put on my shoe , be you ? bruce no . this be as informal as could be . eshel good . the formal I need a rest ... duby Bruce would like to go over some point before tomorrow 's meeting with the president . Bruce lean in . duby and hanna lean in too , to Bruce 's surprise . bruce it be less about you meeting with the president and more about the statement you will deliver elsewhere in town . as somebody who occupy a fairly tough job himself the president be always ympathetic to foreign leader dea ing with complicated internal politics ... ( continued ) 49 , 52 continued : 52 eshel let I stop you . Excuse I . Ani lo tzarich et hahartzaah hazot . duby , on instinct , be about to interfere , but eshel signal he to remain out of it . eshel ( cont 'd ) please tell the president that I be here to say ' yes 's to peace . I be sorry - '' state of peace '' as we agree to call it . I fully accept he vision . I understand it and I believe in it . no internal politics will change my commitment to the wye document . duby , hanna and Bruce be all surprised by how firm eshel sound . surprise and relieved . eshel get up to grab a handful of chocolate cover nut out of a bowl on one of the table -- eshel ( cont 'd ) this evening I have to ... duby , how do you say mas sefataim ? duby to pay lip service . eshel I have to pay lip service to a few organization on a few minor issue , but I promise you it have no substance . bruce | ; I be sure the president will ... eshel ( cut Bruce off , sit across from he ) you know what I have find out in the last couple of week since I be elect ? it be very strange , because it be the opposite of what I think I would feel . maybe the president can identify with I ... for the first time in my professional life , I have no political worry . this be true . I do not care if I be reelected . somehow God put I in this job . it be not that I do not work very hard to get here , I do , but hundred of other potential leader work and campaign just as hard as I do , and for some reason I be the one sit in this chair today . the top spot . I have reach the top of the ladder . ( continued ) 50 . 52 continued : 52 eshel pick up a SMALL flag that be place on the table , get up for more chocolate . eshel ( cont 'd ) why I ? and not someone else ? who know . believe I , I be as surprised as everyone else . but this be the interesting thing - instead of feel the burden of that great responsibility , I be feel ... duby , iech omrim goral ? duby fate. eshel I feel ... fate , which weigh nothing at all . if God put I here , he must have have a good reason . I be not free to run away from this job , but to be honest - no single human be can really claim to be big enough for this job either . hanna and duby exchange a glance . duby ( to Bruce ) I would be nappy to go over we itinerary with you so that we can discuss the sensitivity of each group ... eshel ( to Bruce , cut duby ) what be it that really worry the president ? tell I . I want to know . what do not he want I to say ? bruce well , you have be say different thing in different forum . I think we be try to get a better understanding of the singular message you wish to deliver . eshel you be there tonight , right ? hanna '' how many completely oppose organization 1 leader come up to I say - we be behind yous you have we support to stan we ground . how many ? 50 ? 100 ? yeach with a completely different agenda . there be no such thing as a felis yo message . and anyone who Tel you he have a singular message be probably teach at a university or write a blog . ( continued ) 52 53 51 . continued : 52 bruce I do not mean it that way , I be sorry if ... eshel ( cut Bruce ) I ' 1l tell you what my singular message be . I be go to end this conflict . how ? I be go to say ' yes 's to compromise , to everybody ! because the opposite of compromise be not idealism . the opposite of compromise be not integrity . the opposite of compromise be fanaticism and death . life be compromise . I not only believe in that . that be who I be . that be why I be here , in this position , if it work , I will go down in history as the leader who end this epic conflict . if I be wrong , and by compromise lead to another bloody war - I will blame God for give I a role I be incapable of : perform . eshel 's confuse monologue , ( only a notch below Dr. strangelove level ) be a result of extreme fatigue and the high level of adrenaline he body have be release all night . but now he be do . eshel pop the last chocolate cover nut into he mouth , pick up he shoe and walk ou Bruce , duby and hanna have go from pleasant surprise in the beginning of he monologue , to complete shock at the end . int . train - night 53 back to norman and Alex . the train be in motion . the light have be dimme . norman so can I ask you , what kind of stuff do you deal with ? alex ( cover she iPad ) there be what 's call a mutual legal assistance treaty between Israel and the United States . we have we hand full ... norman I can imagine . like what kind of thing ? commerce agreement ? alex no , that be a different department . we be a arm of the tsracli justice ministry in the United States . ( more ) ( continued ) 53 continued : 52 . 53 alex ( cont 'd ) we coordinate criminal investigation , judicial procedure , extradition . norman so if a israeli criminal flee to America , you be in charge of bring he back ? alex we would be involved in that , yes . norman or if a american criminal try to hide out in Israel ... alex yes , that too . norman wow . so do you have any interesting storey for I ? like with all that Russian oligarch who be want all_over the world and ask for asylum in Israel . tell I how that work from the inside ... Alex shake she head . her lip be seal . alex sorry . norman do you know Carol raskin ? if I be not mistaken , she write some of this international treaty . she 's a good friend of mine . do you know Carol ? alex not personally , no , but I know who she be ... norman I would be happy to introduce you ... alex that 's not necessary . I would not want to bother she . but thank you . she be a solid brick wall , leave norman no entrance point . Alex look at she watch . then at norman , who have no read material , and do not seem like he plan on sleep . she pull out a pair of earphone from she bag . as she insert one into she ear - norman catch a quick glimpse at a simple gold wedding band on Alex 's finger . norman family ? kid ? ( continued ) 53 53 . continued : 53 she pull out the earphone . alex I be sorry . what ? norman do you have a family ? kid ? alex a partner . norman you be a lesbian ?? Alex laugh . finally . alex yes . I be . norman good for you . that 's terrific . alex what be ? norman I like it when people know what they want . it 's a good thing . to be focus . you know , I have a close friend , a fascinating man name rabbi , professor Nathaniel Lewis , he teach at jts . he have a daughter who start a_ jewish lesbian organization . abigail Lewis . do you know she ? Alex shake she head . norman ( cont ’d ) you should meet she . you 'il love she . I can get you two together ... alex that be the third time in five minute that you offer to introduce I to someone . why be you try to_get I to meet people ? do I 180 k lonely ? norman look at she for a long moment . norman what do you mean ? alex why do you feel that _ I need this roduction ? have I give you that impression ? that I be look for connection ? norman shake he head . ( continued ) 53 continued : 54 . 53 norman I be sorry - I do not mean to offend you . zr just think it make sense . and maybe it be good for abigail too , to meet someone at the israeli consulate . but maybe I be wrong ... he turn away to face the window . alex I do not mean that as criticism . I apologize if it come out that way . norman ; then what be you say ? I do not understand . alex never mind . I appreciate you try to help connect I , it be just that I do not need connection right now . norman so what do you need ? alex what do I need ?? norman yeah . I be sit next to you on the train , we be both at the convention together , how can I help you ? I be offer my assistance . I be a good person to know . take advantage of that . what do you need ? i’1l help you get it . Alex sincerely think this over for a moment , but come up with -- alex I do not need anything . norman impossible . everybody need something . even tough lesbian lawyer . alex I need many thing , but not necessarily thing you can help wit ! norman try I . alex I need the satisfaction of know that I be do good in the world . ( continued ) 53 continued : 55 . 53 norman ( scratch he ear ) that 's a big one . they both smile . norman ( cont 'd ) you parent - they be proud of you ? alex I think so . I hope so ... norman they should be . Alex see that norman mean it and accept he complement . alex what about you ? family ? kid ? norman a daughter just finish graduate school . her mother die when she be three . alex sorry to hear that . you raise you daughter alone ? norman I do my best , yes . alex that must have be difficult . norman you_know what_they say - small child , small problem ... alex and why be you at the convention ? I notice you be speak with the prime minister . you know he well ? norman hesitates for a brief moment before he respond . then -- norman yes . I do . micah be a close friend . alex how do you meet he ? norman I buy he a pair of shoe . alex you buy he a pair of shoe ? ( continued ) 56 . 53 continued : 53 norman ( in a sweet folkie melody ) you never know ... you never know ... you never know . miraculously , Alex be now completely captivate by norman . alex what do you mean you buy he a pair of shoe ? norman you never know . a pair of shoe . the most expensive shoe in all of New York , but the best investment I make in my life . norman pause . from here on the scene be shot in extreme close -up , accentuate every tiny , careful , move they make , like bomb disposal expert pick a path through a minefield . alex May I ask what you do for a live ? norman I be a businessman . alex what sort of business ? norman consult . mostly . alex you work in a consulting firm ? norman firm ? no . it be basically only I this day . alex who do you consult ? norman business . organization . individual . it vary . sometimes I consult other consultant . norman smile . so do Alex . alex do you have a specific area of expertise ? can you explain to I how you business work ? if it be not too complicated ... I be curious . norman examine she face . maybe there be something she '' need '' after all . 54 55 56 57 57 . ext . train - night 54 a wide shot of we train zoom by in the night , en route to Manhattan . over various image of the train in movement : norman 's and Alex 's face be superimposed . superimposed montage . train - night 55 we do not hear they dialogue , but we see a heighten version of they conversation . -- norman be explain something to Alex . at first subtly , with a modesty in he facial expression , then with more and more enthusiasm . -- Alex be nodd she head , smile , raise she eyebrow with surprise . -- norman draw a diagram on a piece of paper with name and number and arrow connect the different name , as he do in the first scene with Philip . for this part , Alex have put on she reading glass . ext . train - penn station - night 56 the superimpose face fade out , dgave we with a image of the train enter the final tunnel lead into Penn Station , stop only a inch from the buffer stop at the end of the track . int . / ext . penn station - night 57 norman and Alex exit the train onto the platform . we sense the three hour ride have create a bond between they . norman take a business card out of he wallet and hand it to Alex . it be he last . norman I know you do not need anything , and I be not offer anything , I definitely will not introduce you to anyone . but , take this card , please ... take it . you never know . you never know ... Alex accept norman 's business card . alex ( look at the card ) thank you , norman . we ride together be very interesting . norman that 's it ?? come here . ( continued ) 57 58 59 58 . continued : 57 he pull she in for a hug . it make Alex laugh . she do not reciprocate , but she do not resist he either . norman ( cont 'd ) take care , Alex . good luck . she smile and take off toward one of the escalator . as she disappear up the escalator , she wave he business card , indicate that she will be in touch . norman , alone on the platform , wave back to she , satisfied . CUT to alex be face : once out of norman 's sight , she smile disappear . she place norman 's card in she purse and take a deep , troubled breath . int . penn station , dunkin donut - night 58 Alex be sit by a table alone in the only shop that be open at this hour . she be look at she yellow legal pad on which norman scribble the messy diagram with name and arrow , specify next to each name what he or she '' need '' or '' can give '' . Alex be copying down the name to a new sheet of paper . then she look up . from she Pov we see : int . penn station - night - same time 59 on the other side of the station , enter the close - off wait area , norman be wander through the empty seat , finally sit down . he take off he shoe . he pull out of he pocket a box of mike and ikes , chew on they 3 at a time . Alex be watch he from a distance . she pick up he business card and decide to dial he number . we see norman look at he phone and answer the call . norman hello ... alex hi. it 's Alex . from the train ... just now . norman Alex ! I be so glad you call . I be just get into a cab . should I pick you up ? where be you ? alex I be still at Penn Station . ( continued ) 59 60 61 59 . continued : 59 we see norman look around , wonder if he be catch . he can not see Alex through the glass barrier and across the hall , but Alex be not hide from he . it feel as if she actually want he to see she . norman on the street ? alex no . I be still inside . norman be silent for a second . alex ( cont 'd ) be everything okay , norman ? norman yes , of course . everything be perfect . could not be better . this whole evening ... it 's like I be float on a cloud . what about you - be you okay ? why do you call ? Alex look down at the diagram on she pad . then -- alex I realize just now that I do not give you my number and I want you to have it . you never know ... fade to black . title : four month later int . stairwell 60 we be look down from the third floor of a creaky stairwell in rabbi blumenthal 's synagogue . we hear heavy footstep climbing up the step . a phone ring . norman ( 0.c. ) ( out - of -breath , try to whisper Philip , I be in a meeting , can I call you back in about twenty minute ? -- yes . I 'il call you . bye - weeny ening | be perfect . -- no . not ye I need to find the right moment . trust I , okay ? -- please do not say that . I ask you to trust I . give I a few more minute . bye . -- yes. bye . thank you ... int . stairwell , third floor - continuous 61 norman gradually ascend , step after heavy step , revealing himself to we . ( continued ) 61 62 63 64 60 . continued : 61 he do not look like everything be perfect . he be fatigue from the walk - up , carry he coat , scarf , glove , hat , umbrella and phone in he hand . norman look at he phone for a moment , deliberate whether or not to make a call . finally , he decide to press call . int . hanna 's office - evening - israel 62 hanna be by she desk in the prime minister 's office in Jerusalem . her phone be ringing , but she be let it ring . there be a tremendous bouquet of rose on she desk . hanna look tired and upset , hold she head , look down at_a card . we close in on the card . it read : I ’m so sorry . please , please forgive I . norman oppenheimer . int . stairwell , third floor - at the same time 63 with dilate nostril , norman inhale and exhales twice before he give up and hang up . norman close he eye , as if to restart he mood . when he open he eye , he have resolve himself for whatever lie ahead . he exit the frame . int . banquet hall - day 64 this be a medium size hall on the third floor of the synagogue . a group of 9 men and 3 women be conven around a table in the center of this elegant but outdated room , conduct what we will soon find out be a synagogue board meeting . norman appear at the entrance to this hall . rabbi blumenthal look who show up ... we savior have finally arrive . norman sorry I be late . norman walk in and see that the table be scattered with little paper plate with different nut - almond , walnut , pistachio and peanut . norman ( cont ’d ) ( move a plate of nut ) but that 's no reason to kill I . can you get rid of the nut please ? 65 66 61 . int . banquet hall - continuous 65 the nut be go . while we focus on norman 's face , he breathe , he eye move around the room as he sit by this table , we hear rabbi blumenthal - rabbi blumenthal the situation be very simple . the National Council have decide to sell the building . they be willing to try they best to keep we lease as part of whatever agreement they sign with the new owner , but as we all understand , they can not guarantee anything . to be practica we need to raise ap ) roximately fourteen million dollar , to save we from the wreck ball and insure we future ere ... we see rabbi blumenthal 's lip move , but we no longer hear he . instead we focus on norman 's agitate face . this take we into the follow frenetic , fast moving sequence recapping the event that lead to this board meeting . int . jo wilf 's office - share with - int . staples store - 66 day on one side of the frame we see jo wilf , in he grand midtown office . on the other side of the frame we see norman in a staples store , speak on he cell phone . jo wilf norman , Philip tell I you can help I . norman you will have my best effort , yes . jo wilf here , talk to Bill . jo put the call on speaker - Bill kavish step up to the phone . bill norman , this be Bill . norman ? norman be jo still there ? can he hear I ? ( continued ) 66 67 62 . continued : 66 we see jo signal to Bill to say no . bill jo have to_ step out . let I tell you what we need . you with I ? norman ( disappointed he have to deal with Bill ) I be all yours . go ahead ... bill we have a colleague who could use a friendly introduction at the State Department ... norman the state department ? bill yes . you do that for we , open the door for he at the state department , get he in a room with Douglas Gordon - that thing Philip discuss with jo - we will see what we can do . jo wilf look over at the group of people in he office with a expression that say - '' it 's worth a try '' . norman pass a pen testing pad . he write down - douglas gordon , and take the page with he . then - jo wilf 's side of the frame be replace with the interior of a bullet proof limousine in Israel . int / ext - limo in israel - share with - int . staples storbe7 hanna and duby be in the back seat of a limo that be part of eshel 's motorcade pass through the street of Jerusalem . norman be still in the staples store , look over a variety of envelope on display . norman hanna , please , just give I a minute with he on the phone . one minute . less than a minute . this be something he want to hear ... hanna look at duby who be shaking he head decisively - absolutely not . hanna I be really sorry , norman . the prime minister be not available to speak right now . ( continued ) 67 continued : 63 . 67 norman then can I speak with duby ? put duby on the phone ? ( whisperin it have to do with a special request the prime minister ask I to look in to . hanna look at duby - duby be shaking he head - no ! hanna I be afraid duby be also unavailable . I be sorry norman . this be busy day for we . unfortunately I can not be more specific , but I be sure you understand . norman be visibly distress by this . by now he have walk over to the office furniture section . he sit down on one of the office chair behind one of the desk on display , as if this be he natural work area . norman I understand . of course . alright . please let the prime minister know that I have a answer for he and if he have a free moment , at any hour , day or night , it would be great if we can have a very , very short phone conversation about a certain individual on the board of the dean 's adviser at Harvard business school . hanna ( check with duby ... ) I will , norman . thanks for call . duby be signal with he hand to ask who the '' certain individual '' be . hanna ( cont 'd ) can you tell I who this person be ? norman -- I x11 tell the prime minister ali about he when we speak . duby smile , shaking he head . he know how norman function . hanna okay , norman . thank you ... norman no — thank you , hanna ! go back to do you important work . I be sorry for interrupt ... you be do a great job and I know the prime minister appreciate it ... just do not forget I hanna , okay ? ( continued ) 67 68 69 70 64 . continued : 67 but hanna have already hang up . int . limo - at the same time - israel 68 hanna ( to duby , in Hebrew ) what do I do with he ? that 's the fifth time I have blow he off . duby do not say it as if you 's have do something wrong . that 's you job . keeping the norman away . hanna do you know what the prime minister want from he ? be not David apply to Harvard ? duby I do not care . norman do not get pass you . no matter what he say . if he become obsessive , you can take a call from he once every few day so that he do not get paranoid , and to keep the connection alive , but never , never put he through . understood ? never . hanna accept this , but she do not like it . duby ( cont 'd ) do not worry about norman . gettin you on the phone be enough for he . more than enough . in he head , he just have a conversion with the prime minister of Israel . int . staples store - day 69 norman be by the cashier , pay for a package of envelope and a cartridge of black printer ink . he be pay with a few crumpled single dollar bill and a handful of quarter , dime and nickel . right before he check out , he place a box of mike and ikes on the counter as well . ext . manhattan STREET - share with - int . rabbi blumenthal office - day norman be dial a new number . R. blumenthal have a young couple sit in he office . he apologize to they for have to take the call . norman rabbi ! it 's norman . ( continued ) 70 71 65 . continued : 70 rabbi blumenthal why do not you answer you phone ? I have be call all morning . norman I be answer now . do you want to hear what I have to say ? rabbi blumenthal you speak to he ?? what do he say ? norman I do not have a final answer yet , but it look good . i’1l be at the board meeting with all the detail but let 's just say - get ready for a surprise . rabbi blumenthal what kind of surprise be we talk about ? how many zero do this surprise have ? can you tell I that at least ? norman ( hail a taxi ) if I tell you , where 's the surprise ? it 's a considerable surprise . believe I . I gotta go , rabbi . i’1l see you tomorrow ... blumenthal 's study apparently also serve as a cleaning supplies storage place . the rabbi pick up a window cleaning spray because he need to wrap he fist round something . rabbi . blumenthal norman , you realize how important this be , right ? they be go to kick we out of here ... you need to give we a firm answer . no game ... norman !?-- norman ! ! norman have hang up . rabbi blumenthal face the sweet couple wait for he , do he best to erase the anxiety on he face . he be then replace with jo wilf and he team in wilf 's office . and norman be now sit in a bus-stop . int . / ext . bus - stop - share with - int . wilf 's office - day / 1 norman have the box of mike and ike on the bench next to he . he be eat 3 at a time . norman I have a call with eshel this evening , but I bring it up with he main man , duby . I think it will be okay . ( more ) ( continued ) 71 72 73 74 66 . continued : 71 norman ( cont 'd ) he be very practical about it , say he would take care of it , he just need the exact information . can_you send I a e-mail with you colleague 's name ? jo wilf shake he head toward Bill kavish . bill no e-mail , norman . his name be matthias kone , he be a official in the treasury department in_the ivory Coast . eshel 's office will need to reach out to he . we be not involved . it have to come from they . maybe he can join they delegation in davos ... on norman 's face : the ivory Coast - that do not sound good to he . jo wilf 's office be replace with hanna and duby now part of the prime minister 's entourage at a honorary doctorate ceremony in a unidentified University . int . university auditorium - night - israel 72 we enter during a musical interlude . a verdi aria be be perform on stage . on hanna , off stage , surround by security guard : she cell phone be blink . her screen read - '' norman '' . she show it to duby . duby smile , signal with he fist that she need to be firm . opera singer tra la la la la la laaaaa ! int . bus - stop - day 73 norman hang up . he rub he eye . shit ! ( he either say or think to himself ) as he empty the box of mike and ike into he palm . he dial a new number . int . / ext . philip cohen 's office - share with - ext . fifth 74 ave . - day Philip be on the phone with norman who be exite a office building . it be noisy outside and norman can hardly hear Philip . philip ( lose he patience ) ..- anyone who apply to Harvard fill out the same standard form . ( more ) ( continued ) 74 75 67 . continued : 74 philip ( cont 'd ) when they see he father 's name on the form it will immediately be bring to the dean 's attention that the son of the prime minister of Israel be apply for the business schoo you do not need I for this . norman hold on a second . I can not hear a word you be say ... norman see the entrance to bergdorf goodman across the street . he cross over . int . / ext . bergdorf goodman - share with - int . philip 's 75 office - day first floor - jewelry and handbags . norman be already on the escalator lead up to the second floor . norman ( try to keep he voice down , if it be that easy would I be ask you for neh he do not have the grade , p ilip . he will not get in without serious pressure and you personal intervention . Philip take a deep breath . he do not like this . norman have arrive at the 2nd floor . woman 's shoe . it be beautiful and colorful and glamorous , buzzing with assertive woman shopping for shoe . norman find a relatively quiet spot . Philip and norman , each in they separate surroundings , be scratch they head nervously . norman ( cont 's D ) Philip , it 's just a call . philip how be this connect to the rabbi again , norman ? remind I ... why be I do this ? norman you be do this because he be the prime minster of Israel and he be ask you for a favor . ( continued ) 75 continued : 68 . 75 philip no . he be ask you for a favor . correct I if I be wrong - you be get the credit for this favor . not I . norman what be you talk about - credit ? what do this have to do with credit ? philip I be go to hang up on you ... norman we be share the credit , Philip . he know you be my contact . philip do he ? norman he will . i’1l make sure of it . philip why do I have a feel he be go to think jo wilf be the magician who get he son into Harvard . norman why be you give I a hard time ? you want rabbi blumenthal to per orm this wedding or not ? all you have to do be pick up the phone and talk to one of you buddy at Harvard on behalf of the prime minister of Israel . be that really so difficult for you ? silence . we sense it be extremely difficult for Philip ... philip I will make the call . I can not promise anything though ... norman thank you . philip do not belittle what I be do . in the world of Harvard admission , this be the biggest no no in the book . it 's like incest . it 's taboo . norman that 's funny , because rabbi blumenthal 1s go to think the exact same thing when he find out I be ask he to marry a Cohen and a convert , who have not even officially convert . ( continued ) 75 76 77 78 69 . continued : 75 Philip 's side of the frame be replace with hanna , now at a formal reception for a chinese diplomatic delegation meeting with eshel . int . bergdorf goodman - split with - int . reception hall - 76 israel hanna 's phone be blink . it be norman . hanna take a deep breath then focus she attention on eshel and a chinese official as they applaud the end of a israeli folk dance number perform by a children' dance group . int . bergdorf goodman - day 77 norman hang up and put he phone down . he look around . where be he ?? somehow he wander deeper in this designer maze , into the area between the fendi collection and the tom ford collection without realize . and he have a woman 's shoe in he hand ! two saleswomen , dress in gothic gowns , be stare at he . norman carefully places_the shoe back on one of the display , smile at the scary saleswoman as he dial a new number . int . bergdorf goodman - split with - int . jo wilf 's office 78 day norman be by the dress room , whisper into he phone . norman something big be go on , I can not be more specific , but if you see the papers t this morning , you will know what I be talk about . Bill look at jo who look at the rest of he team . nobody have any idea what norman be talk about . one of the assistant be even go through today 's Times look for clue , but can not seem of find anything of special interest . bill I be not follow you . do you speak to he or not ? norman here , let I read to you the last message I receive from hanna . bill who 's hanna ? norman hanna be duby 's assistant . ( continued ) 78 79 70 . continued : 78 bill who the hell be duby ?? norman that be what I be try to explain to you . eshel and duby be sit with the national security committee as we speak . there be no way for I to get through to they right now , but hanna , of be on the other side of that close door salad ... jo be lose he patience , he pick up the phone . jo norman , cut the bullshit ! when you get eshel on the phone and he say yes to you , call I back . until that happen , do not waste anymore of my time . norman but Joy this be time sensitive . if I can not tell rabbi blumenthal that you be put up the money , someone else be go to buy the building . he need a answer ... jo norman ( cont 'd ) scream ) jo . -- jo . -— jo . -- jo . -- they rabbi blumenthal be not my be about to launch a war in fuck problem ! there 's a Syria that might escalate billion dollar on the line into world war three , what do here ! fix this , norman , or you want I to do about it ? this be the last time you be he have a country to run . he 's speak to anyone in this busy ! building . I do not care who start world war three ... think about that ... jo yeah . I too . Goodbye norman ! jo hang up . jo ( cont 'd ) ( to he team ) Fucking windbag ! why be I dizzy ? norman look at he phone with a desire to smash it into a million piece on the floor , but instead ... he dial again . - share with - int . hanna 's apartment build - night - 79 israel hanna be walk up to she apartment in the middle of the night , carry a large BOX full of chinese souvenirs and official gift . she be tired and humorless . ( continued ) 79 80 81 71 . continued : 79 the ringing echoes in her hallway . she place the box on the floor and see it be norman on she phone screen . hanna ( with tear ) stop ... stop ... stop ... please , stop on norman , wait , hope , she will pick up : norman why ?... why ?... why be it so hard to pick pp the goddamn hone ... this be the prime minister 's office , be not there someone whose job it be to answer the phone ??? hanna be sit on she step , in one hand a chinese kettle , in the other - she phone . hanna stop . go away . you be suck all ny energy out . I have important thing to deal with . Real problem to solve . please , stop ... norman finally hang up . on hanna , look at the chinese kettle with endless gratitude : hanna ( cont 'd ) thank you . int . bergdorf goodman - later 80 norman be asleep on a recline chair by the dress room . his coat and hat be on he lap . his phone be plugge into a outlet on the wall . they be both recharging . shopping tourist walk by look down at norman , as if he be one of the ( less ) meticulously design mannequin in the store . norman 's phone ring ! it wake norman . he take into one of the SMALL dressing room . - share with - int . philip 's office : 81 Philip have enter a small , private phone booth in the reception area of he office . ( continued ) 81 82 72 . continued : 81 philip it 's do . eshel 's son be on the list . you do not want to know what this cost I . but he be on the list , now , please deliver that rabbi , norman . if I decide I want to marry a camel with three hump , this rabbi still better be there with he talis . norman thank you , Philip . you will have you rabbi tomorrow . philip please do not make I wait . I want to be able to tell my parent by tomorrow that this be settle . norman by tomorrow evening he 'il be expect you call . philip Morning . not evening . norman it 's delicate . trust I . there be a process here . five pm I will call you . okay ? they both hang up . norman dial hanna again . int . hanna 's bedroom - early morning - israel 82 hanna have just_woken up ( she be seven hour ahead ) . she take the phone and lock herself in she bathroom , push she three year -old daughter out the door - once alone , she compose herself and answer : hanna good morning , norman . norman ( whisper ) do you sleep okay ? family sleep okay ? everybody happy over there , hanna ? hanna we be fine ... yes ... norman yeah , it be nice to be right there in the inner circle with the prime minister . ( more ) ( continued ) 82 83 84 85 86 73 . continued : 82 norman ( cont 'd ) to be the person whisper in he ear , decide who get to speak with he and who do not . it feel ood , do not it ? comfy . everybody issing you ass ... but you remember that it have nothing to do with you , right ? you be the smallest cog in the system . in case you forget , hanna . the smallest mistake and you_are go , it can all disappear . you can disappear . you be nothing hanna . just like I ... hanna be listen in silence , as she daughter be bang on she door , cry ... int . bergdorf goodman - dusk 83 norman hang up . he look down at he phone . we see hi screen . he scroll down he contact list , stop at : '' rshel private cell '' norman deliberate for a brief moment , then , impulsively , press call . he hold he breath while he wait . int . micha eshel 's closet - night - israel - same time 84 we be in a walk - in closet in micha eshel 's private residence . in a BOX with other unused item from before he be elect , we see a outdated cellphone vibrate and come to life . we see the screen : '' norman '' we view move back to reveal naomi , eshel 's wife , sleep alone in she bed . int . bergdorf goodman - dusk 85 norman , look out one of the window gverjook Central Park at dusk , be hold he phone carelessly in he hand as it continue buzzing in eshel 's closet . we close in on norman 's face . he be exhaust , consume by frustration . it lead we back to -- int . banquet hall - day 86 back in the hall , rabbi blumenthal be still speak . ( continued ) 86 74 . continued : 86 rabbi blumenthal or ... we leave here and start look for a new location , wander from one temporary arrangement to another . which in my humble opinion would mean the end of this community . there be a collective sigh and groan around the table . rabbi blumenthal ( cont 'd ) yeah . but ... let 's not despair - this be where we friend norman oppenheimer come in . norman ... all eye shift to norman . norman look up , take a sip from he plastic cup of orange juice , wipe he mouth with a napkin , and - norman I might have a donor who will match you pledge up to seven million . in other word , ou raise half the amount , the bail our , I mean . ding be yours . board member 1 who 's the donor ? norman can not say . he will remain anonymous . board member 2 who donate seven million dollar and want to stay anonymous ?? that do not make sense . board member 3 board member 1 what do you care ? he 's a it 's a legitimate question . modest man . as long as he 's it 's a lot of money , we good for it . should know who he be . board member 2 do we know this person ? be he , or she , a member of the community ? be he sit here in the room right now ? we cut to see the member of the board around the table , look at each other , then back at norman . board member 2 ( cont 'd ) what ? maybe this be a money launder scheme ... do he want anything in return this anonymous donor ? norman be shaking he head with a polite smile on he face . his lip be seale ( continued ) 86 75 . continued : 86 female board member board member 1 I have a feel I know who be we play a guess we be talk about . do game now ? he last name start with a r? board member 2 if he can say goodbye to seven million , why will not he just pay for the whole t ing ? it 's just a number for this people , it 's not real money . we view move down norman 's body , follow he arm to he hand to he finger , scratching he swollen and inflamed calf . it be a obsessive scratch that leave blood stain on norman 's fingernails when we see he bring he hand back up to the table .. board member 1 Seven million be real . when you get into the hundred of million , that 's another story . rabbi blumenthal let 's not get greedy . this be a very generous gift ... and it should motivate we entire community to become involved . ( place he hand on norman 's shoulder ) thanks to norman , we be only seven million dollar away from finally own we home . we close in on norman , with the rabbi 's hand weigh on he shoulder . board member 2 ( 0.s. ) but we need some kind of letter . how do we know he even exit ? with all due respect ... female board member ( 0o.s. board member 1 ( 0.s. ) a letter of intent . you nee some kind of write a letter . commitment . rabbi blumenthal you can give we a letter , right ? a formal letter . norman_notice he blood-stain fingernails and immediately conceal they in he fist . board member 2 ( 0.s. ) female board member ( 0.s. ) notarize . it should be legally bind . notarize . board member 1 the money should be in escrow ... ( continued ) 86 87 76 . continued : 86 just as the picture fade out , we see norman 's face reveal the slight sign of discomfort . fade out . int . MAIN sanctuary - later 87 norman be sit alone on one of the bench , he have he swollen leg up , rest on the seat next to he . he be look at the memorial plaque - hundred of name engrave in bronze sheet on the wall . cut to a new angle , we realize we be see norman from the Pov of rabbi blumenthal who be stand by the door . feeling he presence , norman put he leg down . they exchange a smile . rabbi blumenthal it 's worth save ... whoever you guy be , he be do a great thing . thank you . norman accept the acknowledgment with a nod . just as R. blumenthal be about to leave -- rabbi blumenthal ( cont 'd ) you sure you can not tell I who it be ? I probably should know . I would like to thank he ... just between you and I . be it Arthur Taub ? norman he be very clear about stay anonymous . rabbi blumenthal maybe just ... can you tell I why he be do this ? norman think about this for a moment . norman he can afford it . he know I . I tell he about the community and the history of the building , and he say sure , why not . it be money he give away anyway ... if not to we , then to some other charity . the rabbi accept that answer , although we sense there be a trace of skepticism still there . rabbi blumenthal and why do he insist on remain anonymous ? ( continued ) 77 . continued : 87 there be a fraction of a second before norman respond that indicate he might _ not have a good answer . but then he be back on the bal because ify copie find out he do this kind of thing , there will be hundred of other request . it be not he usual type of charity . he be do this as a favor to I . and I promise he I will not reveal he name . the rabbi be nodd he head , examine norman 's face . rabbi blumenthal well . it be a good thing . that 's all I can say . please thank he , on behalf of all of we . not that raise the other half be go to be easy ... but the challenge - it 's good . it 's good . we should all open up we heart ... and wallet . goad know there be some big wailet in this community . ( he pause ) if there be any way you think it would be appropriate to honer this mysterious : man , or woman , some kind dedication ... or if there be something you would like I to lo ... norman have be wait for this open from the beginning of the scene . norman now that you mention it , the person who introduce I to mr! anonymous be my nephew , a very successful young lawyer , maybe I mention he to you - Philip Cohen . he just get engage to a very sweet girl ... rabbi blumenthal mazaltov . norman ..- from a Korean background . he could use some help with she conversion and officiate the wedding . R. blumenthal be nodd he head , understanding that he be cornere . rabbi blumenthal Philip Cohen ? norman if it be simple , he would not need you help ... ( continued ) 87 88 78 . continued : 87 a beat . then : rabbi blumenthal have he give I a call . i’1l see what I can do . a transaction have be make . norman thank you , rabbi . R. blumenthal place he hat on he head , take a moment to himself , then he exit the building . once alone in the sanctuary , after he hear the main door shut , norman lift he swollen leg back up . e pull at the cuff of he pants enough to reveal the bleeding hive on he calf and around the swollen ankle - but norman do not want to look at it so he immediately cover it back up . he take out he phone we see he screen : he go to contact . he scroll through the name on he screen - hundred of name zoom by . they mesh with : the memorial plaque on the wall - the name fill the frame - Zoltan and sigmund and isadoras and miklo , Weinbergers , mandelbaums , rolat and lefkowitz - dissolve into each other , create a blurry collage of contact on norman 's phone and the dead sounding jewish name on the wall . we hear norman on the phone : norman ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) Philip . it 's you uncle norman . you be all set . call rabbi blumenthal . he 's expect you call . fade to black . int . eshel 's official residence - night - israel 88 duby and eshel be stand outside a door lead into a official reception area . there be 2 secret service men stand near they , but duby and eshel be speak as if they be alone . eshel I do not like this . it smell like something maor would do ... duby we can learn a thing or two from maor . sometimes you have to hold you nose and smile politely . ( more ) ( continued ) 88 a89 79 . continued : 88 duby ( cont'd it be all a question of balance . the Russians need to see that you be aware of they interest . eshel just so that we both understand what we be talk about . a Russian gas teerany be jeopardize we peace talk and get between we and the Turks because reconciliation in this area be a threat to they monopoly in Europe . duby nod he head . eshel do not like this ... duby even if it seem dirty to you , it be important and necessary , . the Americans be back we talk for the exact same reason - to break the Russian monopoly in the european gas market . no difference . for we it be just a question of keep the right balance between all this interest . eshel so now we be call it ' balance 's ? duby I like the word balance more than I like compromise ... dub open the door and with a slight touch on eshel 's lower bac e push he into the reception . we hear camera click from the other side of the door . int . reception room - night a89 eshel have a freeze smile on he face as a delegation of russian businessmen be be introduce to he in procession . duby be stand next to he , both impressed and a bit worried by eshel 's grin . there be a simultaneous interpreter translate the Russian to English . interpreter yury golubev deputy energy minister of the Russian federation . handshakes and head nod . ( continued ) a89 89 80 . continued : a89 interpreter £conr 's D ) valery spektor , head of the general agency for legal protection of military , special and dual - use intellectual property at the ministry of justice of the Russian federation . handshakes and head nod . interpreter ( cont 'd ) oleg dubik , previous president of ufa State Petroleum technological University and current head of the directorate of legal support for international business . and igor seleznev , deputy head of booster compressor station no. 2 from eshel 's Pov we notice ron maor be also in the room , mingling with Russian delegation member in a way that be much too friendly . the fake smile on eshel 's face go sour right before the cut to : int . eshel 's bedroom - night - israel 89 eshel , in he underwear , be pace the room . eshel something do not feel right . I do not know what it be . but there be a lump in my chest when there should not be . my intention be pure . they be . I be pretty sure they be . he pause , as if to check within himself for any contaminate intention . eshel ( cont 'd ) a decent , moral , good human be can not function in * this circle of power , money , national pride . it 's impossible . he enter he walk - in closet and be draw to look in the box contain he old , private cell phone . he pick up the phone and he charge cable . eshel ( cont 'd ) the internal moral compass that a private person navigate with , be completely useless for a leader of a country . right ? ( continued ) 89 continued : 81 . 89 we now see that all this time he have be talk to naomi , he wife , who be lie in bed with a book in she hand , half listen to he without lose she place on the page . eshel plug he phone cable into a outlet . it come to life . eshel smile . eshel ( cont 'd ) look at that , my private life still have a signal . naomi I mean to ask you - do you want I to continue pay the bill for ing we about that phone ? it 's cos four hundred shekel a month ... eshel ( go through miss call ) yeah , let keep it . but we should try to get on a better plan . they must have a cheaper plan than that . why be it four hundred shekel ? I have not use it in month . do they know it 's mine ? naomi . i’1l call customer service tomorrow . from he Pov , we see he screen as he scroll pass the miss call from norman . eshel norman oppenheimer be look for I . I should call he . he have always help that lump in my chest disappear . naomi and I never understand why - if anything , he should make that lump feel worse . eshel why do you say that ? he 's a good friend . I have never meet anyone as generous as he be ... eshel climb into bed . naomi generous be a strange way to describe he . eshel he be ! he have a tremendous heart . she put she book down . ( continued ) 89 continued : 82 . 89 naomi okay , without say anything negative about norman oppenheimer , he 's not you '' friend . '' he 's someone that you take advantage of when it 's convenient for you . eshel I doubt he feel that way . that 's actually pretty insulting . naomi no it 's not . it 's just the reality . when you need he in New York you allow he to enter you life , now that you do not need he anymore , you completely ignore he . but I be not complain about that because I think he 's a embarrassing human be and he should not have be in you life in the first place . eshel ( place he hand over he chest ) now you be make that . lump feel worse . you really think I deceive he in some way ? naomi maybe not consciously . and I believe you that you consider he a friend . but I think the right thing to do , at least at this point , be pot to take anymore favor from im . eshel think about this for a second . he seem to agree with at naomi . what naomi be say . he put he phone down and look over then ... switch tone : eshel I do not remember you protest when norman offer to help connect we to that Harvard guy for davidy ... naomi no , but I do not feel comfortable with it and it still bother I . eshel but you go along with it ... we take the favor . naomi honestly - what go through my mind be that norman probably can not deliver on this anyway , that it 's just another empty promise , so I do not see the point in make a fuss over it . ( continued ) 89 90 91 92 93 83 . continued : 89 eshel and you also really want davidy to get into Harvard ... so you figure you will let this one go . if it do not help , it wont 's hurt either ... right ? naomt no . in fact , for yo must know - I do think it nig ! t hurt davidy . the last person in the world he want a referral from , especially at Harvard , be norman oppenheimer . but I do not want to hurt norman 's feeling and since I do not think anything would come of it anyway , yes , et it go . they remain in silence for a beat . eshel I be glad you do not hurt he feeling . that be very nice of you . naomi ( turn around and shutting off the light you be in no position to judge I , Mr. Prime Minister . int . eshel 's bedroom - later - israel 90 eshel in he bed . he can not sleep . it be that lump in he chest . we close in on he worried face . fade out . omitted 91 a_ newspaper headline 92 '' unname New York businessman be central figure in a investigation into payment make to Israel 's prime minister '' with a picture of eshel , and duby on the edge of the frame whisper something in " the prime minister 's ear . int . / ext . starbucks - day 93 the Starbucks be extremely crowded . norman be by the window bar with he paper . to he leave and right , people and they elaborate coffee and muffins be push against he , while he read : ( continued ) 93 94 95 96 84 . continued : 93 '' israeli prosecutor ask a Jerusalem court on Tuesday for permission to take testimony from a foreign man ... norman 's brain be work . out the window , across the street , we notice a man who look as if he just step out of a East european shtetl , look directly at norman . int . eshel 's residence - morning - israel 94 eshel , by he breakfast table , eat a croissant with jam together with he 2 body guard ook at the front page of a israeli paper where this mysterious {nvestigation be the big story of the day with a bold headline that read : '' it T. and a caricature of eshel as a proud peacock on top of a pile of rotten egg . int . bruce schwartz’s office in the white house - day 95 Bruce be on the phone , while he scan the newspaper on he desk . we see another piece of the item ( or hear Bruce read it ) : '' speculation about eshel 's future have weaken he politically even as he undertake delicate negotiation with Israel 's neighbor ... '' bruce be this serious ? do we need to be worried ? int . duby 's office - day - israel 96 duby be on the other side of the line , look down at a pile of israeli newspaper , all with variation of the word corruption in they headline . duby ( clearly very worried ) I do not know yet . bruce can we help ? duby maybe . I do not know who this buSinessman be yet , but if he be a american citizen , he can not testify without you justice department be part of the procedure . bruce let I look into this . 97 98 99 85 . int . / ext . starbucks - day 97 norman look down at he phone scrolling down he contact , stroking he face , scratch he ear . he dial - philip cohen . int . office build - day - at the same time 98 Philip be get out of a elevator , wave good morning to he co-worker as he make he way to he office and speak to norman . philip do not look good for you guy . do ou know who he be , the New York usinessman ? norman if I do , be there any way we can help eshel ? philip careful . do not put you nose into this if you do not have to ... this kind of investigation bring the worst out of everyone . as norman speak , he look out the window . from norman 's Pov , we see the shtetl man pace the sidewalk right outside the Starbucks , unapologetically ook at norman , as if he be wait for he . norman but what do you think ? do it sound serious ? Philip enter a room full of people wait for he . philip oh , it 's serious . bribery be tricky . especially in Israel where you have the mideastern mentality of give baksheesh and cut corner and a legal system run by tight - ass german yekke . if they can prove he accept a gift , he 's do . he could end up in jail ... gotta go . he hang up . int . / ext starbucks - at the same time 99 so do norman . he be confuse . outside , we still see the shtetl man . norman be contemplate something . he look at the contact list on he phone . 100 86 . int . carol raskin 's office - day 100 we be in the United States Attorney 's office in lower Manhattan . there be 5 lawyer in this room , one of they , the person in charge , be carol raskin , who be speak directly to -- Alex Green , sit across she desk . Carol be hold a copy of the New York Times in she hand as she discipline Alex . carol you have the president of the United States inquire about a investigation that I do not even know about ! this be not the Middle East , Ms. Green ! in this part of the world , there be rule . there be regulation . there be agreement between country on how to obtain evidence in a criminal case ... ecially if it have to do with a lester of a foreign country ! how could I not know this investigation be go on ?? alex because it 's not go on . yet . it be a newspaper headline , not a investigation . carol so where be they get this from ? be the israeli police question a american citizen or not ? alex as far as I understand , they be still figure out if they have enough information to make a proper request . the witness do not even know he be a witness at this point . carol ( confuse ) wait . you do not speak to this guy yet ? Alex hesitates before she answer . carol ( cont 'd ) it 's a simple question . do you speak to he ? alex I do . ona train . a casual conversation that lead I to make some inquiry and file a report . that be all it be right now . ( more ) ( continued ) 100 101 102 87 . continued : 100 alex ( cont 'd ) a report . the israeli prosecution be still consider whether or not to submit a request for legal assistance . but someone there leak this to the israeli press before I even have a chance rg speak to the witness . carol who be he ? what 's he name ? you witness ... alex he claim he be a friend of yours . do you still want to know he name ? carol I will find out sooner or later ... who be he ? his name in norman oppenheimer . ext . outside the starbucks - day 101 norman be exite the Starbucks with he paper under he arm and he coffee in he hand . but then he stop in he step . he think for a moment . he have a idea ... int . carol raskin 's office - day 102 carol norman oppenheimer ? Alex nod she head . Carol place the newspaper on she desk , lean back in she chair , and smile . carol ( cont 'd ) norman oppenheimer ? alex yes . carol be you kid I ? Alex shake she head . Carol lose she smile . carol ( cont 'd ) unbelievable . ( take a moment ) ( more ) ( continued ) 102 103 104 88 . continued : 102 carol ( cont 'd you be go to topple down a democratically elect , act prime minister and jeopardize America 's long term foreign policy because of something norman oppenheimer tell you on a train ?? Alex remain silent . int . starbucks —- day 103 norman be back in the Starbucks , wait for the restroom . as he wait , he be restless . he seem excited about something . perhaps he be rehearse a conversation in he head . int . carol raskin 's office - day 104 carol ( deep breath alright . I be glad we have this meeting . no harm do . m go to call Bruce schwartz sad ter he there be no investigation involve a american citizen go on . end of story . false alarm . we can all relax . Carol look up at Alex to see if she be understanding she . but Alex 's expression be anything but relax . carol ( cont 'd ) do not give I that look . norman oppenheimer be not a friend of mine . I know he like I know four million other people . I do not even remember what the connection be . he know a cousin of mine ... he send I e-mail ... I do not think I have ever respond to he . if he turn out to be a crook , I could not care less . but trust I - norman oppenheimer might be a royal nudge , but he be not you villain . he 's a poor , jonely shmo try to survive . and he be a pathological liar , in case you do not notice . alex I do not think he be a villain either , but over the past three year he have be unusually generous toward the prime minister of Israel and have create a intricate network of people who benefit from the access he provide for they . in my part of the world - that kind of behavior warrant a investigation , especially if he be a pathological liar ... ( continued ) 104 105 106 89 . continued : 104 Carol take she point , but before she have a chance to respond , Alex 's phone ring . alex ( cont ’d sorry . I will shut it of as she reach to shut off she phone , she see the name on the screen : norman oppenheimer she show the screen to Carol as it continue to ring . carol why be he call you ? alex I do not know . carol I think you say he do not know about this . alex he do not . not from I ... int . starbucks restroom - at the same time 105 norman be now in the restroom , anxiously wait for Alex to pick up . he have balanced he coffee on the rim of the sink . int . carol raskin 's office - at the same time 106 carol go ahead . take the call . put he on speaker . Alex place she phone on the desk and put norman on speaker . alex hello . we intercut between the restroom and carol' office : norman Alex Green !! this be norman from the train . norman oppenheimer - I have be meaning to call ... how be you ? how have you be ? alex ( she eye lock on Carol 's ) I be fine , norman . how be you ? norman Fine , Fine . can not complain . I just get in from Chicago actually ... ( more ) ( continued ) 106 90 . continued : 106 norman ( cont 'd ) listen , do you have a minute ? you probably know why I be call . alex I can guess , yes . norman do not worry . I know how discrete ou be , so if I be impose , feel ree to tell I it 's none of my business . I be not go to ask you for the guy 's name , either ... unless you can tell I . can you 's Alex look at Carol for guidance . she seem just as clueless . norman ( cont ’d forget it . forget it . I do not ask . I respect you professionalism . but good tell I one thing ... you be he one deal with this investigation , right ? this be you department , be not it ? alex norman ... Carol be signal with she hand to Alex to let norman go on . norman alex ( cont 'd ) yes ... I be sorry . please continue ... norman I will tell you why I be call . I hope it 's okay . I know this be delicate but I feel it be my duty . I think I can help you out . a pause for quizzical look between Alex and Carol . norman , who be hyper , inadvertently knock he coffee over . it be on he pants , the floor , everywhere . there be a industrial mop in the room . norman try to detach the mop from the bucket and wringer as he speak , but it be stick -- norman ( cont 'd ) it be no secret that I be on eshel 's team . I support he . I love he . I think he be do amazing thing ... but I be just think - whoever this person be , this unnamed businessman , I probably know he . right ? maybe I can shed some light on whatever it be that happen and help you make sense of it . another point of view for you to consider , that 's all I be offer here . if it help eshel too , it be the least I can do ... ( continued ) 106 107 108 109 91 . continued : 106 Carol be completely bewilder by norman 's tactic . Alex seem too shocked to say anything . and norman , in the restroom , have finally detach the mop , splash soap - water all over himself and the room and toppling over the bucket . norman ( cont ’d ) what do you say , Alex ? meet I for coffee . there be a reason why we meet on that train . you never know ... right ? you never know ... Alex look up at Carol for_her verdict . reluctantly , Carol nod she head with approval . alex how be today at four ? come to my office in the consulate . norman smile at he reflection in the restroom mirror . he do it ! he get he foot in . norman perfect . as he grab a bunch of paper towel out of the dispenser ... int . starbucks - continuous 107 norman , wet and dishevel , with he wet newspaper still under he arm , casually exit the restroom , ong he 's over the puddle that have form around the door , noddin be head apologetically to the 3 annoyed customer wait outside . we catch a glimpse of shtetl man , now stand on line for coffee . but norman be too preoccupy to notice he . norman be on he phone as he exit the Starbucks . int . philip 's office - day 108 philip ( whisper ) I can not talk to you right now . ext . madison ave - day 109 norman walk down the avenue . norman yes you can . meet I downstairs . I be right around the corner from you . ( continued ) 109 92 . continued : 109 philip do you find out who it be ? norman better . I be meeting the investigator who be in charge of the whole thing . come downstairs . give I five minute . philip norman , I can not ... but norman have hang up . ext . entrance to philip 's office build - day 110 madison Ave . - busy , crowded mid-town sidewalk , and norman , wait anxiously by the entrance to Philip 's office building . norman see Philip rush out . norman thanks for come down ... philip what be you do ? you be act like a maniac . look at you ... why be you get involved ? this thing be bad for Israel , bad for America , bad for Jews , bad for everybody . step away ... norman it be bad for everybody , that 's why I want to help ... philip how can you help ? it 's a political war go on seven thousand mile from here . eshel 's rival find this cockamamie story and they be go to use it to take he down . there be nothing you can_do about it , do not get involved . it be too 1g . Philip look at norman to see if he reason be enter he head . it be not -- norman just tell I one thing . hypothetically , if this guy , this businessman , come to you for advice . if he want you to represent he . what would you tell im ? ( continued ) 93. continued : 110 philip why ? you want to approach he ? it 's ad idea ... norman maybe if we give he a gption that be not so harmful to eshel . Philip look at norman , try to figure out what he real interest here be . norman be look back at he , wait for a answer . philip I would throw he out of my office . that 's what I have do . I would not want anything to do with he . he be a threat to a act prime minister . even if it do not end up have any criminal implication , apparently he dealing with eshel be embarrassing enough so that he olitical rival thin they can _ use im to hurt eshel . eshel 's people can not ignore that . they have too much to lose ... they be go to strike back . dig up everything they can find on this guy . the FBI will get involved ... no matter how you ook at it , this guy be fuck . and you want to avoid he like the plague . norman what if you know he and he be ask you for help ? Philip take this in . suddenly it dawns on he - norman may be the unnamed businessman . he carefully consider he next word . philip be you say something I do not want to hear ? what be you say ? norman ; I be not say anything . I be just ask . philip norman , listen to I . whoever this unnamed businessman be , he be in very serious trouble . and he need e@ very careful about what he say now and who he speak to . norman think this over for a moment . norman I be only ask if there be a legal way to defuse this ? ( more ) ( continued ) 94 . continued : 110 norman ( cont 'd ) if I be meeting the investigator , and I find out who this man be , I want to be able to offer he something . let 's think creatively . Philip can not conceal he panic . he take a step back . philip I be not sure I can offer he anything . this man need a very good criminal lawyer . do not be creative . and do not meet this investigator . they look at each other . philip ( cont 'd ) can you do that ? norman seem confuse . but he nod he head . Philip back away , verify with he eye that norman have internalized he instruction . he disappear into the building . norman be pace the street with he phone in he hand . it be bigger than he . and he can not resist it ... across the street , we see the shtetl man , but norman do not notice he . int . israeli parliament - day - israel 111 eshel be in he seat on the parliament floor , listen to , absorb - a scathing speech deliver with much pathos by ron maor . we focus on eshel 's face , on duby 's face , on hanna 's face , as they be force to hear sentence like : ron maor . we nve see politician with no backbone gain power before - that be not new ... we have see political opportunist who grossly distort e@ will of the citizen who vote they into office , only to shamefully gain favor in the eye of foreign ruler in service of interest that be not we own - that be not new either . but never in we nation 's history have a man of such low moral stand , so spiritually empty , so unapologetical y hedonistic , selfish I dare say - be ina position to do so much damage to we people and we nation , as the man I be point to right now . ( continued ) 95 . continued : 111 hanna 's phone be blink . she look at she screen . it be norman . she show it to duby , who be stand next to she by the side door to the parliament hall . duby shake he head . duby no . not today . I can not deal with norman . hanna but if I do not answer he will drive I crazy all day . he 'll call ever three minute . it 's easier to jus answer . duby alright , but keep it short . do not let he get involved in anything . hanna step out as she answer she phone . int . israeli parliament corridor - day - israel - continuous hanna norman . how be you ? ext . manhattan STREET - day 113 norman be walk and talk on he phone . hyper and excited . norman forget I . how be you ?? hanna busy as usual . norman any chance you can connect I to the prime minister or to duby ? hanna I be afraid they be ... norman wait , before you say no . listen to what I have to sa they 's be go to want to hear t be . m meeting with the woman who be in charge of this investigation that be go on . her name be Alex Green . she 's a good friend of mine and she agree to meet I today at four . ( more ) ( continued ) 113 114 96 . continued : 113 norman ( cont 'd ) I be go to try and get as much information as I can , but if duby want to brief I before this meeting , that might make the meeting more productive ... hanna do not know what to say . hanna norman , I do not think it be such a good idea for you ... norman will you give they this message ? tell they I be meeting with Alex Green today . they can use I however they want . I be like a puppet in they hand . it 's a riendly conversation , off the record ... she 's a good friend . I have know she for year . my wife use to babysit she ... hanna norman . hold on a second . just wait on the line . int / ext . chocolatier - day - continuous 114 norman stop by the chocolatier where he see eshel in the beginning of the film while he wait . we see he Pov look into the shop : beautiful , colorful chocolate treat . Rich chocolate and direct access to power - he heart be palpitate with excitement . finally : norman ( to he phone ) duby ! I be so happy to hear you voice . how be you ? what 's go on ? can you tell I who ... int . israeli parliament corridor - day - israel 115 we see duby walk out of the parliament hall with hanna 's 's phone , fume . he enter a smoking area close off with glass wall , where he can finally raise he voice . duby shut up , norman . norman what ? duby shut up and listen to what I be say to you . I do not want you meeting anybody on we behalf . ( more ) ( continued ) 115 97 . continued : 115 duby ( cont 'd ) creating the impression that in someway you be connect to we office be a severe punishable crime . do you understand I ? silence . hanna be watch duby on the other side of the glass . duby ( cont 'd ) I want to make sure I be clear about this . stop use the prime minister 's name . just stop . do not do it anymore . he be not you friend and you do not have a relationship with he . I forbid you to meet with this woman . do you understand what I be say ? answer I . norman 's eye be focus on a tray with beautiful nut coated truffles . then the focus change - reflect in the shop window , norman notice the the shtetl man stand across the street . he realize that this man have be follow he around since he first see he through the Starbucks window . after a pause . norman yes . I understand . duby good. Goodbye norman . duby hang up , exit the smoking area and hand the phone back to hanna as if the phone itself be contaminate . duby ( cont 'd ) enough . do not answer he call anymore . he be cut off . no more . just the think of he talk to a investigator make I want to vomit . and find out who Alex Green be ... something be bother hanna . duby ( cont 'd ) what be it ? hanna I be not sure it be such a good idea to insult norman that way ... ( continued ) 115 98 . continued : 115 uby that 's the '' problem with this norman - they be a double edge sword - if you keep they in the loop , you become more and more dependant on they until they gradually own you . - if you cut they off , they blackmail you for the rest of you life . hanna I think he be just try to help . if you would have tell he nicely that he would be help we if he do not speak to anyone , I think that would have be more effective . duby I do not want to talk about norman anymore . let find out who this businessman be . I need a name ! in a day every newspaper in the world ill want to know who this man be and we need to be prepare ... he walk back into the parliament hall . int . israeli parliament - day - israel 116 with ron maor 's speech still in the background , we see duby hand a SMALL fold note to a usher who bring it to eshel . ron maor ( 0.s. ) how will we explain this tragicy historical accident to we child and grandchild ? how , I ask you ? by. prevent it . by voting against this dangerous agreement , masquerade as a peace treaty . eshel receive the note . he open it . it read : '' who be he ? '' eshel look over_at duby , signal with he hand and sincere eye - '' I have no idea '' . ron maor ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) give in to we enemy 's / every , la last demand be not peace !! it 's calle losing ! heckle and uproar in the room ! duby exchange a final concerned glance with eshel before he leave the parliament hall , pull hanna with he . 117 99 . int . outside parliament hall - israel - continuous 117 a tight shot on duby and hanna . duby call norman . tell he you want to apologize for how I speak to he . then tell he we know who the guy be and we be not worried . this unnamed businessman have so many skeleton in he closet , sex offense , tax fraud , money launder , the man be a total mess = no prosecutor in the world would dare put he on the witness stand . hanna be confuse . hanna you know who he be ? who be he ?? duby just do what I say . and make it sound as if you be tell this to he in confidence , behind my back . make he swear not to repeat what he just hear . hanna get it . hanna you think he will repeat it all to the investigator . duby he 'il be try to prove to she that he know what 's go on . and not only to she . he 's " ut spread the word all over the place and he 'il probably exaggerate it so that it sound even worse . call he . make he believe there be nothing to worry about . his beloved prime minister be perfectly fine . go. make the call . but how do you a now he be go to meet with that investigator ? you tell he not to . duby smile . duby just call he . ext . int . subway station - day 118 norman be go down the escalator towards the Subway in Grand Central Station . he be on he phone -- ( continued ) 118 119-121 122 100 . continued : 118 norman he do ? -- you know who he be , the businessman ?? --... I can not tell you how relieved I be to hear you say this . thank you , hanna . please tell duby that I understand he situation completely . and if there be anything he need I to do , he know I be here for he and for the rime minister . -- that 's what I ike to_ hear . the prime minister be a very lucky man to have you on he side , hanna . you know that , right ? really , this kind of loyalty be so rare . it 's sacred . I hope you know that ... -- of course . say no more . my lip be seal . good luck , hanna . by now norman have step off the escalator and pull out he metro card . but instead of go through the turnstile , he stop in he step . invigorate with a new sense of purpose , norman change he mind about take the subway . he turn back to get on the escalator go back up to Street level . as he head up , he see the shtetl man on the downward escalator . there eye meet as they pass each other . the shtetl man immediately turn around and head up against the direction of the escalator , so not to lose norman . at this point norman understand that he be be follow . he quickly cut through the crowd towards the exit . omitted 119-121 ext . STREET , near grand central station - day 122 norman exit Grand Central into the busy street , startle . we see norman 's Pov - New yorker of all age , color , class and ethnicity - but no shtetl man . then he see he exit the station , casually walk away . norman run after he . norman Hay . you . hold on a second . shtetl man me? norman yes . you . why be you follow I ? what do you want ? ( continued ) 122 101 . continued : 122 shtetl man first of all , nice to meet you . srul katz . srul pull out of he pocket a pack of business card wrap in a rubber band . he want to give one to norman , but norman step back . norman no. Excuse I . do not give I that . I do not want it . stop follow I around . okay ? srul why be you angry ? do not be angry . I be not ollowing you around . by sheer coincidence I happen to be go where you be goin what do you want I to do ? I apo ogize . I be sorry ... norman look at the man , evaluate he . he be unkempt , on the heavy side , with some stain on he shirt and a old , wear - out hat on he head . norman nod he head in disbelief and be about to turn away . srul ( cont 'd ) but if we be alread taik , if I can take a few minute of you time , I be glad to finally foot you in person . you be the eshel guy , right ? oppenheimer . maybe Zvi fink mention I to you . norman how do you know Zvi ? srul Zvi and I be very close . my wife ractically grow up in he parent ouse . I be help he out with a few thing . actually I be see he later tonight . you should come say hello . I know he have be very happy to see you . norman seem confuse . he just look at srul , not say a word . srul ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? you look shake up . how can I help you ? what do you need ? norman what do I need ?? srul yeah . give I the honor of help you out . you be a choshuv e’man . ( more ) ( continued ) 122 123 102 . continued : 122 srul ( cont 'd ) let I walk with you . where be you go ? norman to the israeli consulate on second Ave . srul put he arm in norman 's and begin to walk with he . norman be too surprised by this strange gesture to resist it . they walk together . ext . STREET - day 123 norman and srul turn the corner together . srul katz so , who 's the guy ? do you know who he be , the New York businessman ? norman if I know , would I tell you ? srul katz I hear a rumor . but I be swear to secrecy . norman do not believe what you hear . srul katz you obviously know more than I , but whoever it be , one thing be for sure . it 's a conspiracy . they find a way to assassinate eshel , without actually kill he . norman think about this for a second . norman do not bury eshel yet . trust I . he 's not go anywhere . srul katz why , what do you know ? norman I can not go into detail , but let 's just say this unnamed | businessman be ... he 's a nobody , a parasite , try to extort the prime minister . he be the ewest of the low ... he make up a story . the whole thing be make up . eshel do not even know the man . norman stop . he be suddenly have a hard time stabilize he breathe . srul notice norman 's stress and wait patiently for norman to recompose . ( continued ) 123 124 125 103 . continued : 123 norman ( cont ’d ) i_really should not say anything else . srul face norman with a sympathetic look . they continue walk in silence . ext . STREET , corner of consulate - day 124 they arrive at the consulate . norman I think I be okay from here on . thank you . I appreciate it . srul katz oo , you sure ? I be happy to go in with you . norman no . that 's okay . srul katz I can wait for you outside ... norman no . thank you . I be good from here . really , thank you very much . I appreciate it . srul pull out he business card and hand one to norman . norman look at it . it read : '' katz strategies , inc . '' srul katz call I , if you ever need anything . anything at all . I be happy to help . Zel gezunt . norman nod he head , perplex by the whole encounter . as norman walk into the consulate , he turn back to see that srul katz be still stand there , smile , wave . int . israeli consulate - day 125 all we see be the back of norman 's head and he somewhat distort reflection in the one way mirror that separate he from the security guard behind the window . norman ( to the intercom ) my name be norman oppenheimer . I have a appointment with Alex Green . ( continued ) 125 126 104 . continued : 125 security guard voice please empty you pocket into the tray . a tray be push out from the bottom of the window . norman pull out he wallet , key change srul katz 's business card , and he epipen . he plac he item on the tray . security guard voice ( cont ’d ) do you have a cell phone ? norman I do . security guard voice please shut it off and put it in the tray as well . norman will you give it back to I ? security guard voice when you leave . norman place he phone on the tray . the phone and the rest of the item be swallow into the one - way mirror divider . security guard voice ( cont ’d ) please enter , collect you possession on the tray , and follow the yellow line to the third door on you right . a loud buzzer be heard , unlocking the door . int . consulate security booth - continuous 126 this be a two door system . the second door will not open until the first door be close . but norman be afraid to have both door close at the same time , so he keep he foot in the first door . the wall of this small , isolate security booth be all dark , one - way mirror . security guard voice Mr. oppenheimer , you need to close the first door for the second door to open . before he remove he foot from the door - norman look back outside - the glare of daylight be strong and blind , but norman be pretty sure srul katz be still stand there , smile . we sense that norman be recognize something in srul 's face - as if he have see this smile before . ( continued ) 126 a127 127 105 . continued : 126 but the door close . and lock . before norman can put he finger on why and where srul be familiar to he . norman press he face against the one - way mirror to try and see what be behind it , but all he see be he own distort reflection . norman panic and try to reopen the door . norman ( to the one - way mirror ) you know what , I forget something . I be cancel 's my meeting . can I have my phone back ? no response . norman ( cont ’d ) ( knock on the window ) hello ? anybody there ? I be not go in . can I have my stuff back ? hello ... hello ... please , open the door ! open the door ! a loud buzzer be heard . the second door unlock . norman open the second door and go through . the door shut on we lens , create a black screen . we hear over black : alex' voice it 's okay . come . norman' voice they tell I not to meet with you . ext . street of new york - night a127 it be the end of the work day , Manhattan at its most crowded hour . everything be a blur , except for norman , walk the street , lose in a daze , with he phone in one hand , and a envelope in the other . we close in on norman 's face . his eye be bloodshot and swollen . int . israeli consulate corridor 127 we_see the yellow line on the floor , as norman 's foot be walk down the corridor . at the end of the yellow line , we see Alex wait at the far end of this naked , fluorescent light corridor . alex' voice who ? ( continued ) 127 128 a129 129 130 106 . continued : 127 norman' voice the prime minister 's office . duby . I do not want to upset they . this be a mistake . he ’1ll know I be here . we cut to a closer shot of Alex 's grim face . norman' voice ( cont ’d ) please , I should really go . I apologize , I respect you very much , but i° - can not do this . this be serious . I should not have call you . alex it be good that you call . and I be lad you be here . please , sit own . I want this conversation to be straightforward and honest . do you think you can do that ? cut to a shot of : endless , silky , desert mountain at sunset . 128 norman' voice I do not want to make thing worse for eshel . we see a flash of alex sit behind a desk in she office . ext . street of new york - night a129 on norman 's face . he stop walk . he can hardly breathe . rushed New yorker walk around he pay no attention to he . then a shot of : a camel and old CITY jerusalem in the back ground : 129 alex' voice I have spend the last few month try to find out more about you . where you come from , what you do , who you friend be . you family ... you financial situation . a flash of Alex offer a glass of water toward the camera . then a shot of : happy farmer harvesting rich land , picking perfect oranges.0 alex' voice but what I have discover be very strange . ( more ) ( continued ) 130 131 132 a133 133 107 . continued : 130 alex' voice ( cont 'd ) everybody seem to know who you be . but nobody know anything about you . even people who say they have know you for year . a flash of Alex in the office pull out a folder full of document . then a shot of : underwater photography of exotic fish and colorful coral . 131 alex' voice for instance , I be not able to verify that you have a daughter , or that you be ever marry . be you ? do you have a daughter ? norman' voice why be you collect information about I ? int . alex 's office 132 and now finally we see Alex in she office , in sync , speak directly to norman . over she head , on the office wall , we see framed picture , with image of the israeli Tourism Ministry 's version of Middle Eastern bliss : -- the fish , -- the dead sea , -- the farmer , --_the camel -— they be all frame picture hang on the wall behind Alex . we focus change to Alex 's face . alex because I think the kind of relationship you ’‘ve establish with the prime minister of Israel be illegal . I think it be corrupt . int . men 's clothing boutique - day a133 a shot of eshel reflect in the mirror of the fitting room from the scene in the beginning of the film , as he try on the suit . eshel exchange a glance with norman . norman be smile , but by now we know he well enough to sense a nervousness in he eye and the itch around he neck . we hear the SOUND of a moving train , take we to : int . / ext . train - night 133 we flash back to the scene on the train from Washington to New York . Alex and norman be reflect in the train window . they face be light by a pass dight from outside the move train create a strobing effect . ( continued ) 133 134 108 . continued : 133 alex do you have a specific area of expertise ? can you explain to I how you business work ? if it be not too complicated ... I be curious . norman have you ever play rummikub ? alex sure . norman my mother use to_hate play with I , because I would mess up the board , break up exist set and try to create new one with whatever lousy piece I have on my rack . sometimes I would mess it up so bad , there be no way to put everything back . my mother would go crazy . she have say , if you do not have a specific , simple move , just pick up a tile and let the game continue to_the next player . but usually , all I need to finish my turn , be one little joker . that 's all you need . if you have the joker , you can afford to take some risk . somehow , with a joker in you hand , all the tile fall into place . alex | I be sorry . I still do not understand ... norman that 's what I do . I be the joker . as soon as you put I in the game , thing work out . here , let I show you . norman refer to the yellow legal pad with the diagram he have draw for she . it take we back to : int . alex 's office - day 134 we see Alex 's legal pad on the table with the diagram and name that norman write down on that train ride . we view tilt up from the diagram to Alex 's face . alex the unnamed New York businessman - you be that man , norman . you be we witness . norman no , I be not . a135 b135 c135 109 . ext . street of new york - night a135 flash to norman walk in the busy street . he close he eye and shake he head , as if to block away what Alex be say . int . aipac convention hall b135 norman be look around at the forest of human encounter freeze in time . at once , everyone in the room turn to look directly a he . we see norman , in a panic , clutch he epipen . int . alex 's office - day c135 alex we can subpoena you . you have no choice . this do not come naturally for Alex , but she reach out and touch norman 's tremble hand . norman need this gesture . he allow she to keep she finger over he hand for afew gccond . by now , he face , he eye , be extremely I ed . norman I have to leave now . I be sorry . alex you need to hear what I have to say . we be arrange a early deposition for you tomorrow . I gan 's t force you to stay here now ut ... Alex have a envelope in she free hand . she place it on the table in front of norman . norman pull he hand away and get up to leave . alex ( cont 'd ) this be you official notice ... norman do they know it be I ? alex who ? norman duby , hanna ... eshel . do they know it 1s I ? alex if they do not already , they will soon . norman what will they do to I ? ( continued ) c135 d135 135 136 110 . continued : c135 alex if you cooperate with we tomorrow . if you testify and speak truthfully about ssverythang '' you have experience we will protect you from self incrimination . it will be about he . not about you . there be a itch that norman feel around he collar bone , he scratch it violently , without any awareness that he be do this . norman but what will eshel do to I ? alex they will try to convince the court and the public that you be a unreliable witness . that will most likely be they defense . norman nod he head . Alex hand he the notice . norman hesitates for a brief moment , then he take the envelope . right before he exit the room -- alex ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . norman turn around and leave . ext . park ave . - night d135 norman be stand on the median of Park Ave. in Midtown , look down at the envelope . he be freeze stiff in the middle of one of the busy spot in the world . int . prime minister' office , cabinet room - night - israhg5 on eshel 's shocked face . the camera pull back to reveal duby whisper into eshel 's ear , while eshel be sit at the center of a room , wait for a cabinet meeting to begin . we see hanna stand near by , hold she phone in she fist . eshel want to say something , but in this set he can not say a word . he look over at duby duby step back , out of the light . a shadow fall over duby 's 's face . became scene a127 136 137 138 111 . a series of sketch - superimposed : 137 cartoon , caricature - of norman in relation to the prime minister , under the sound of duby 's voice . duby ( v.o. ) right now , very few people know who norman oppenheimer be , but in a few day everyone will want to . we have a opportunity to brand he ... first caricature : norman be a rich uncle offer a lollipop to a innocent , child - like prime minister on a street corner . duby ( v.0 . ) ...- to introduce he to the world in a way that will disqualify he as witness and at the same time paint the prime minister as a innocent victim . second caricature : norman as a stray mutt latching onto the prime minister 's leg as he try to shake he off with a olive branch on he way up to receive the Nobel peace prize . duby , ( v.0 . ) if we leader be a victim ... we be all victim ... third caricature : norman be the sore toe on the foot of a aching prime minister portray as atlas with a globe weigh heavily on he shoulder . eshel how be I victim ? we be too powerful to be victim ... duby ( v.o. ) never say that ... it be not true . fourth caricature : a cinderella- like situation . norman , with a devious smirk on he face , try to fit a shoe on eshel 's foot . eshel appear as a delicate , beautiful princess . int . prime minister 's office - night - israel 138 on eshel 's face sit behind he desk . he look devastate . duby you be Mr. peace right now . the press will be on you side - nobody want to see we peace effort go down the drain because of the fantasy of some jewish macher . we need to portray he as a delusional name - dropper who have be suck you blood for year . ( more ) ( continued ) 138 139 140 112 . continued : 138 duby ( cont 'd ) you need to say this in a clear way , not only because it be necessary , but because it be true . eshel exchange a look with hanna . eshel there must be another way . norman be a friend . a very generous friend . I can not hurt he . duby it be not about you and he . it be much bigger than whatever personal feeling you might have right now . and bigger than the pain it bring on any one person . eshel be shaking he head , he need more ... duby ( cont 'd ) norman oppenheimer be a threat to we national interest . you_need to treat he like you would any other threat . this be not you choice . it be you duty . it sink in . slow dissolve from eshel 's face to norman , stand at : ext . park ave . - night 139 norman be stand on the median of Park Ave. , wait for the light to change . he take a deep breath . he_ see a man on a bike in the middle of the street , balance himself on he bike with both foot on the pedal as he wait for the light to change . the biker be in he 40s , wear a business suit , tie anda helmet on he head . he be determine to stay on he bike for the duration of the light without put he foot down . norman 's phone ring . he look at the screen . it be philip cohen . int . philip 's office - night 140 Philip be on the phone . they be silent for a moment . finally . norman I take you advice . I do not g° to the meeting . I be step bac like you say . ( continued ) 140 141 113 . continued : 140 Philip do not know how to respond . across from he desk , on a shelf , one of the many frame picture we see of Philip with different sport celebrity and politician , be a picture of eshel , philip and norman , take at the aipac convention . finally — - philip I be proud of you . good move . another beat of silence . philip ( cont 'd ) be you there , norman ? norman 's eye be fix on the biker as he skillfully maneuver he body on the bike to keep from fall , without advance into the busy intersection . norman I be here . philip you okay ? norman I be fine . I think my body be reacting to something I eat . I will take a benadryl . i’1l be fine ... philip good. good. ... I wish _ I could be more helpful ... but , I do not ... norman ( cut he off ) I be a good swimmer , Philip . do not worry . as long as my head be above water ... philip you be a good swimmer . that 's for sure . norman you have be a very big help , Philip . thank you . I appreciate it . thank you . Philip be silent . he can hardly breathe . his face be red . norman hang up . finally the light change and the biker pedal forward with the rest of the traffic . norman hail a cab . ext . rabbi blumenthal 's synagogue - night 141 norman exit the cab in front of the synagogue . he try to open the door to the synagogue but it be lock . ( continued ) 141 142 114 . continued : 141 he ring the buzzer . there be no response . ext . synagogue alley - night - continuous 142 norman walk around the building into the narrow alley where there be a decorative window into the main sanctuary . norman climb on a garbage can and peek through . the sight of the dimly light empty sanctuary be comforting for norman , so he just stand there with he face press against the window . then : man 's voice can I help you ? norman turn around . it be rabbi blumenthal . norman rabbi! rabbi blumenthal you ! what be you do here ?? norman I need to talk to you . rabbi blumenthal you need to sign that escrow papers , that 's what you need . do you realize we be go to lose all we pledge if this anonymous donor do not come through , not to mention this building , and my job ! why aren 's t you answer my phone 's ?? norman , still stand on the garbage can , say nothing . rabbi blumenthal understand what norman 's silence mean . k rabbi blumenthal ( cont ’d ) fuck ! norman I be work on it . rabbi blumenthal fuck !! he kick the garbage can . norman fall to the ground ! rabbi blumenthal kick one of the garbage bag right into norman 's face . rabbi blumenthal ( cont ’d ) I should have know . I should have know not to trust you . I should have know . it 's my fault . what do I do now ?? ( continued ) 142 143 115 . continued : 142 norman , on the ground , cover in garbage , just look at he with nothing to say . rabbi blumenthal ( cont 'd ) be there a donor ? at any point ? ever ? or do you just make he up ? norman I think I have someone . and I might still have he . but it be not a sure thing ... they look at each other . when norman finally tell the truth , there be something disarming about he demeanor . rabbi blumenthal then why do you tell we you have a donor ? why would you do that ? norman I do not know . the rabbi shake he head in despair and walk away . norman sit himself up and lean against the wall , remove piece of pickled herring from he coat and face . then -- he phone ring ! norman locate he phone and look at he screen : eshel private cell norman take a deep breath . intercut with : ext . eshel 's private residence - sunrise - israel 143 eshel , with he phone to he ear , be in he private garden . the sun be come up . norman finally answer , but do not say a word . eshel be that you , norman ? silence . eshel ( cont 'd ) norman , be you there ? norman be it safe for we to talk ? eshel it probably be not . but there be something I need to tell you before the lawyer and pr people take over . ( more ) ( continued ) 143 continued : eshel ( cont 'd ) and I be speak to you now as micha eshe not as the prime minister of Israel . ( he pause ) I be sorry . I be sorry for what be about to happen to you . in the next couple of day you be go to hear I say thing that I do not really believe . thing about you . and it will hurt . it will hurt both of we . but the only reason I will be say this thing be because there be hundred of thousand of life at stake . the enemy of peace have decide to step all over you on they way to behead I . it be a terrible price to pay , but norman , I can not let they win . we can not let they win . silence . eshel ( cont 'd ) do you accept my apology , norman ? do you forgive I ? 116 . 143 norman look up to the sliver of sky that can be see through the two building on either side of the eshel ( cont 'd ) History be full of anonymous heroes who help bring | civilization to its great achievement . while I , micha eshel , be ask you for forgiveness from the bottom of my heart , the prime minister of Israel be eternally grateful to you for be one of that heroes . the day I walk up to that podium to sign the peace treaty , you will see a very specific expression on my face . know that I will be think of you ... norman oppenheimer . narrow alley . there be a tense silence on both side of the line . finally : norman I will never betray you . eshel I love you , norman . thank you . eshel hang up . he turn to face -- duby who have be stand on the other side of all along . they exchange a look that say - '' it 's do '' . the garden ( continued ) 143 144 145 146 117 . continued : 143 then eshel take he private phone and throw it into a small decorative fish pond on he way back into the residence . ext . alley next to synagogue - night 144 norman get up and clean himself from the garbage that be still stick to he clothing . lace the garbage can back where they belong , before he walk away . fade out . ext . manhattan - early morning 145 a dramatic view of dense Manhattan rooftop before dawn . the street be still empty . norman cross a desert and freezing street into Central Park . ext . central park - before dawn 146 as in the first sequence of the film , this be the hour of the fanatics . norman be sit on the same bench , watch they pass by in they futuristic winter sportswear . he see Bill kavish finish he run and find a spot for he stretch . Bill see norman . norman approach . norman good morning , Bill . bill Way do you do this ? why do you ave this way ? why can not anything ever be simple with you ? norman who say simple be good ? Bill look at norman . strangely , norman 's answer be actually quite - simple . norman ( cont ’d ) I have a business opportunity that will interest jo . bill no , you do not . whatever it be , it be too small . ( continued ) 146 118 . continued : 146 norman but it 's you job to listen to I anyway , be not it ? bill jo wilf do not want to_hear you name or see you face . listen to you be not part of my job . no. definitely not now , with you friend in trouble ... norman nod he head , look at Bill stretch he groin . he turn around and walk away . then : bill ( cont 'd ) wait . norman stop . bill ( cont 'd ) I be listen . out of respect , to my father . you know he , do not you ? norman nod he head . but before any sentimentality settles in -- bill ( cont 'd ) what have you get ? norman if you know with one hundred percent certainty that the witness who be threaten to topple down . prime minister eshel will never testify , would you know how to make money with that information ? Bill be intrigue . bill Del epend where and how I get the ormation and if I can verify it ... you_realize that you be not a very reliable source , right ? norman put I in a room with jo wilf . I will give he the certainty he need . Bill be hesitate . norman ( cont ’d ) think about it . do the number . come up with something . you have till eight am to call I . otherwise , I take it to Arthur Taub . bill what 's you fee ? ( continued ) 146 147 148 149 150 119 . continued : 146 norman if this work out , I want jo wilf to donate seven million anonymously to a charity of my choice . norman walk away . ext . 7th ave . early morning 147 New York be waking up . commuter be exite the subway station , flooding the street . shop be open . Street vendor be set up for the day . norman be strolling on the sidewalk , in a pace and world of he own . for the first time in this film , he seem - tranquil . a innocent look , perfectly standard NYC , ( nut 4 nut ) nut vendor enter norman 's Pov . it be a cold morning , the owner of the nut-stand , wrap in he puffy winter coat , engulf in the roasting smoke , acknowledge norman who be look down into the different type of sugar coat nut . ext . 57th ST . and 7th ave - day 148 we be outside the Brooklyn diner on 57th St. through one of the window we see norman and jo wilf sit across from each other in a booth . we can not hear they , but we see that while norman be explain he idea , he be write he usual diagram on a napkin , name , number and a scheme of line connect they all . at a certain point , he hand the napkin to jo . jo look at it . he seem impressed . they and shake hand . ext . nut stand - day 149 norman point at the sugar coat , roast peanut . phe vendor scoops a bagful and hand norman the warm paper ag . vendor two dollar . ext . near bryant park - day 150 norman be walk with the bag of nut in he hand . before he enter Bryant Park , he pull he epipen out of he pocket . ( continued ) 150 151 152 153 154 120 . continued : 150 he look at the epipen for a brief moment before he - throw it into a water drain by the entrance to the park ext . bryant park - day 151 norman enter the park . he be look for the perfect spot to sit . we be close on he face , he eye . norman find a lone chair in one of the corner of this beautiful urban miracle - the close thing Manhattan have to a town square . he be surround by massive office building , the monumental geandeur of the Public Library , anda horde of busy New orker all around he , pay absolutely no attention to the lonely man hold a bag of peanut . norman open the bag , pull out a nut , put it in he mouth . fade to black . over black : we hear the SOUND of a organ . gradually a choir join in with harmony and beat ... int . wedding hall - night 152 rabbi blumenthal be officiate the marriage of Philip and a dolled up korean girl . Philip 's emotional parent be stand next to he new confuse Korean in - law as rabbi a . blumenthal place a glass buy Philip 's foot . Philip smashes the glass . wedding crowd mazaltov ! ext . harvard campus - day 153 a young man be crossing the campus , enter one of the building . int . harvard build - day 154 the young man approach the registration desk , hand over he id . a woman go over she list to locate he name . then ... woman welcome to Harvard , davidy eshel ! ( continued ) 154 155 156 a157 157 121 . continued : 154 davidy eshel thank you very much . ( with a wide smile ) it be good to be here . ext . white house , cross hall - day 155 the hall be set up with american , palestinian and israeli flag . Bruce schwartz be look down at a beautiful ceremonial table set up for a peace treaty signing with a satisfied expression on he face . . tv_ coverage of jo wilf 's deal : 156 over footage of image of massive gas drilling rig in the Arctic Ocean , and picture of jo wilf - the host be explain how jo wilf have over a billion dollar in a_short position against the stock price of the Russian Gas company which plummete after it turn out Israel and Turkey sign a agreement to build a pipeline between the two country even though all the expert be predict eshel would be mmpeach . jo wilf be describe as a geop political genius with a prophet - like ability to predict political trend . int. / ext . build lobby - day a157 Alex be watch this report . connect all the dot , almost positive she understand norman 's role in wilf 's ability to predict the future ... int . white house - day 157 stepping onto the long Cross Hall red carpet in the White House be - a pair of brand - new shiny black dress shoe . after a few step on the carpet , the shoe stop . a reverse angle reveal a marine ceremonial guard and a festive crowd of diplomate , dignitaries and journalist wait for a ceremony to begin . duby and hanna be stand to the side of the frame , smile anxiously . on cue everyone begin to applaud . we cut to a extreme close - up of micha eshel 's face . he take a deep breath , absorb this rare , historic moment . 158 159 122. int . rabbi blumenthal 's synagogue - day 158 the camera be scan the beautiful wood panele synagogue . it be full of congregant , some we recognize as member of the board . and one Bill kavish , sit in the corner of the room . the camera movement reveal the cantorial choir harmonizing a very sweet voice cantor singing this prayer : cantor all that who faithfully occup 's themselves with the need of phe community , may the holy one grant they they reward , remove from they all sickness , preserve they in good health , and forgive all they sin , may he bless and prosper they work , together with all Israel heir brethren , and let we say , en . ext . bryant park - day 159 with the cantor and choir still in the background . norman be now alone in the park , on he chair . across from he , on the other side of the park , there be a organist accompany the cantorial piece . norman recognize the man play the organ - it be srul katz , totally immerse in he music . norman gradually vanish . back to : rabbi blumenthal 's synagogue 160 the camera leave the cantor and close in on the memorial plaque until it finally focus on one specific , rather small plaque that read : '' anonymous '' -- the end --