norte by northwest screenplay by exnest lehman directed by Alfred sitchesck cary grant , Eva Marie Saint , James mason , Leo G. carrell , Martin landau , jessie royce landis pic raa IL on ( pve ) a chgs . 8-12-58 NORTH by northwest fade in : ( before title ) ext . new york CITY - day a visually beautiful high angle shot of midtown Manhattan towards the end of a early October afternoon . narration would it not be strange , in a city eof seven million people , if one man be never mistaken for another ... if , with seven million pair of foot wander through the canyon and corridor of the city , one pair of foot never by chance stray into the wrong footstep ? {a pause ) strange , indeed . MAIN title and music come up over shot . CUT to : a series of STREET scene over they , the credit . this scene should capture the tempo of madison Avenue and fifth Avenue to she fifty . street swarm with smartly dress people . revolving door of sleek new glass - and - steel office building spew out stream of super - charge New yorker , hurry for cab and buss and subways and cocktail bar . ' two bundle - laden woman fight over a cab . a pack bus close its door in the face of a irate would - be passenger . a newsboy in front of the independent sudway entrance . " trouble in the Middle East ! even papers ! get you trouble in the Middle easti " int . lobby of office build - madison avenue four elevator in action . a starter keep thing hum . Doors close on a elevator . tt start up . another elevator arrive at street oe . 'w 2-10 11 North by Northwest chgs. 9-22-56 level . the last credit fade . the elevator door open . crowd pour out , and we hear a voice at the rear of the car even before the man be reveal to we by the off-going passenger . he be roger thornhill , tall , lean , faultlessly dress ( and far too eriginal to be wear the gray - flannel uniform of he kind ) . he have be dictating to he secretary , maggie , a aging , unbdeautiful woman who have accompany he down in the ele - vator with pad and pencil to hand . she will have to scurry to keep up with he impatient stride when they leave the elevator and cross the lobby to the entrance . thornhill ( dictating ) «-- even if you accept the belief that a high trendex automatically mean a rise sale curve , which incidentally ido not accept ... '' ( to elevator starter ) inight , Eddie starter Mr. thornhill . thornhile say hello the the missus . starter ( sourly ) we be not talk . thornhill ( to maggie , continue dictation as they cross lobby ) my recommendation be still . the same . dash . spread the good word in as many small time segment as we can grab ... ( as he pause at the newsstand , busy a paper ) +ee and let the opposition have they high rating , while we ery about it ali the way to the bank . ( move on ) why do not we colonize at the colony one day next week for lunch ? let I hear from you , Sam . happy thought . etcetera ... ( they be at the entrance now ) better walk I to the Plaza . p.2 11 cont 'd ( 2 ) . North by Northwest chgs . '' 9-4-5838 maggie ( a weary moan ) walk ? thornhill use you blood sugar . come on . ee ease she through the door , follow she to the sidewalk . ext , STREET ~ trucking shot they start to walk west , thornhill glance at the newspaper as he go . thornhill next ? maggie ( consulting she pad ) gretchen sabinson . thornhill ( grimace ) send she a box of candy from . blum 's . ter dollar . the kind ... you know ... each piece wrap in gold paper ? she will like that . she will think she 's eat money . say : ' darling , I count the day , the hour , the minute --! ' maggie ( interrupt ) you send that one last time . thornhill do I ? then just say : ' something for you sweet tooth , honey ... anc all you other sweet part . ' ( maggie give he a look and he wince ) I know , I know . maggie could we take a cab , Mr. thornhill ? thornhill a couple of block ? " maggie you be late and I be tired . p.3 il cont 'd ( 3 ) 12 North ry Northwest chgs . 8-12-58 pe thornhill 12 I keep tell you , maggie , . cont 'd you do not eat properly . ( 2 ) ( step off the curb , try to flag a cab ) taxii ... taxi ! he be get nowhere . just then , a taxi pull up before a man who have also be seek one . quickly thornhill dart over and open the door . thornhill ( to the man ) I have a sick woman here . would you mind terribly ? man ( 2 little bewilder ) why no ... I meane - thornhill ( quicicrly ) thank you very much . he quickly bundle maggie into the cab , follow she in and slam the door shut . man ( still befuddle ) perfectly all right ... the cab pull away . int . cab - ( process ) thornhill ( to driver ) first stop , the plata . do not throw the flag . maggie ( look back ) poor man . thornhill poor man nothing , I make hima good samaritan . maggie he know you be lie . ono '' North by Northwest ° chgs . 10- 16-58 p , '' thornhill ( open up . 13 the newspaper again ) cont 'd in the world of advertising there ( 2 ) be no such thing as a lie , maggie , - there be only the expedient exaggeration . do I look a little heavyish to you ? maggie what ? thornaill I feel heavyish . put a note on my desk in the mrne , ' think thin , ' maggie ( write ) think thin , ° thornhill . ( to the driver ) make it the fifty-ninth Street entrance , driver . driver okay . thornhill ( to maggie , as he continue to peruse the newspaper ) soon as you get back to the office , call my mother , tell she about the theatre ticket for tonight . dinner at twenty one , seven o'clock , I will have have two martinis at the dak bar , so she need not bother to sniff I . maggie she do not do shat , thornhill like a bloodhound . as the cab pull up before the 59th St. entrance to the Plaza : maggie ( read from note ) bigelow at ten-thirty be you first for tomorrow . you be due at the skin glow rehearsal at noon . then lunch with falcon and he wife -- North by Northwest chgs . 9-22-58 =p. thornhill ( hand she 13 some money ) cont'd oh , yes . where be that ? - ( 3 ) maggie Larry and Arnold 's . one o'clock . thornhill have drop he newspaper on the seat and be on he way out of the cab . maggie will you check in later ? ext . plaza HOTEL : 14 thorneill ( now out of the cab ) absolutely not. {to driver ) take this lady back where she belong . driver right . thornhill ( to maggie ) do not forget the call my mother right away . maggie I will not , goodnight , Mr. thornhill . thornhill slam the door and the cab start away . suddenly he remember something , snap he finger , point after the cab . thornhill wait a minute ! you can not call she ! she 's at Mrs , == he stop . the cab be already on its way . he stand there for a moment look after it . then he go up the step into the hotel . int . lobby plaza HOTEL 15 thornhill glance at he wristwatch as he cross the lobby to the oak bar. North by ners chgs . ? gr int . oak bar thornhill pause in the entrance , look about impatiently . the captain come up to he . - captain even , Mr. thornhill . thorneill hello , Victor . I be look for herman weltner and two gentleman -- captain ( point ) yes . right over there . thornhill oh yes . thornhill walk to a far corner of the room to the table where weltner , a ivy -league costume executive , be seat with a mr . nelson and a mr . WADE , both of whom look like out - of- town sponsor , which they be . weltner ( rise to he foot ) Roger . : thornhill ( shaking he hand ) herman , sorry I be so late . weltner ( make introduction ) this be Roger thornhill . fanning Nelson «- Nelson cup a hand to he ear , thorneill ( shi he other hand ) icing delighted . weltner and Larry Wade . fhornetle ( shaking 3 how do you do , Mr. Wade ? WADE ( indicate he drink ) we have get a little head start here , Mr. thornhill . . hwe st 12-58 ?.7 16 North by Northwest ~ chgs. y quiare p.8 thornhill 16 wo not last for long . ‘> he sit down , look about nervously . . weltner iwas just tell Larry and fanning here that you may be slow in start but there 's nobedy faster down the homestretch . ( note thornhili 's nervousness ) what 's the matter , Roger ? you have get the fidget . during the follow , a bellboy will enter the room . and move among the table call out : " page mz. George Kaplan ! " stand in the entrance watch the et tboy 's progress ( and observe by we if we happen to be look off into big . ) be two rather unobtrusive - look man : thornhill something very siliy . I tell my secretary to call my mother , and I just remember , she 's not go to be able to reach she in time . weltner * why not ? thornhill because she 's play bridge et the apartment of one of she croney ... weltner you secretary ? thornhill no . my mother . and it 's one of that trand new apartment - all wet paint and no telephone yet . nelson ( cupping he ear ) what be that ? thornhill look at he with astonishment . bellboy ( approach ) - page Mr , George Kaplan ! ' orth by Northwest chas . 8-12-58 thornhill ( sus ing ) I think maybe if I send she a telegram ... belleoy ( closer ) Mr. George Kaplan ! thornhill ( signal the boy ) : Boy - would you come here please ? cut to : close angle ~ the two men stand in entrance to room they react with sudden interest , glance at each other , then look orf again and see : point of view — from rance the bellboy move up to thornhill , whese table be well out of earshot of the entrance , close angle - the table thornhill take a pen and a long envelope from he inside pocket as he address the bellboy : thornhill look , I have get : to get a wire off immediately , can you send it for I if I write it out for you ? - bellbo I be not permit to do that , sir , but if you will follow I -- thornhill ( to the other at the table ) will you excuse I for a moment ? : WADE go right ahead . nelson ( cupping he ear ) what be that ? . p.9 16 cont 'd ( 3 ) 17 18 19 nerth br Northwest chgs . 6-12-58 p.1 '' thornhill give he a quick iook . 19 . cont'd thornhill . ( to weltner , ( 2 ) as he get up ) herman , if you can scare up a double martini ... sure thing . thornhill walk off with the bellboy , nelson ( turn to Wade ) where 's he go ? : WADE . there 's no telephone where he mother be play bridge . nelson nstare at he a moment why not ? now Wade give he a icok . 20 out outside the oak bar . 2 l thornhill and the bellboy emerge from the rocm . bellboy ( point ) right there , sir , thornhill ( give he a tip ) thanks . bellboy | thank you , sir . thornhill start toward the western Union office , as the beliboy go off in another direction . suddenly the two " unobtrusive " man walk swiftly into the shot directly behind thornhill . one of they , who we now see have a scar on the corner of he right e € , tap he on the shoulaer . he paise and turn , thornhill yes ? : North by Northwest chgs. 8-13-55 p first man ( with a 2 faint foreign accent ) c the car be wait outside ( you will walk between we say - nothing nor cs I vo thornhill what be you talk about ? second man ( take thornhill 's arm ) let 's go thornhill go where ? who be you ? first man mere errand boy , carry conceal weapon . his be point at you heart , so please , no error of judgement , I beg of you . . thornhill ( pull free ) what 1s this - a joke or something ? second man yes . a joke . he remove he hand from he pocket , shove a gum into thernhill 's rip ) we will laugh in the car . thornhill stare at the man for @ moment . thornhill this be ridiculous . the man nod toward the side entrance and thornhill start awey , slanked on either side . ext , STREET ' 22 thornhill emerge from the hotel to the sidewalk . the man take he arm and ease he inconspicuously past unnotice passersby to a langosine - park et the curb . they open the rear door , push thornhill into the back seat and follow he in . a third man sit behind the wheel immediately start the car and pull aw : North by Northwest chgs. 9-22-58 p.12 int . car - process : 23 as the car move east , thornhill glance at the stony - face man on either side of he . he be anxious , but do not want to show it , thornhill do not tell I where we be go . surprise I . the man stare straight ahead , say nothing . thornhill y'lmow , I leave some people wait for I back there in the oak bar , and they be go to think I be awfully rude , go off like this . ( he wait = no response ) imean , if you could let I off at a drugstore for a moment , I could call they and explain that I be ... . ( he glance at the man inquiringly ) +. be ... kidnap ? '' ( no yesponse ) that be what 's happen , be not it ? . no answer . his glance go to the door handle . the car have stop for a red light . suddenly he lunge for the door and struggle to open it , as the two man watch he calmly . apparent - ly the door have special lock . it will not budge . thornhill take he seat again and point sheepishly the the door . thorneill lock . : dissolve to : ext . glen cove estate ~ pusx . 24 the car approach the entrance to a magnificent estate . on the open Gate , a nameplate : townsend . the car turn into the driveway . int . car aba thornhill , flanke by the two man , be lock over he shoulder at the recede gate . he turn forward , look at one of the man , North by Northwest chgs . 9-22-58 p.13 thornaill 24x2 who 's townsend ? rei no answer . he glance at the other man question= - ingly . more stony silence . thornhill oh , really ? interesting . then he look out ahead . moving point of view . 2 hxe a curving , tree -line driveway . through the tree , a red-brick mansion . : 25 ouT int . car . 26 thornhill be still look out . ext . MAIN hcuse 27 a impressive though considerably fade mansion of the early twenties . the car swing around the circular driveway , pull up before the entrance . thornhill and the two man get out . one of the man ( he of the scar eye - he hame be valerian ) accompany thornhill up the step to the front door . the other man ( licht ) Zollow they and wait until the door open before he move away and follow a path to the rear of she house . after a moment , a stocky , gray- haire woman wear the uniform of a housekeeper open the front door . valerian walk thornhill right in ' past she . int . house 28 Beyond the oval foyer , a curving marble staircase lead to a balcony , off which be many room . above the balcony , a stain glass window . every - where , a kind of seedy grandeur . valerian ( to housekeeper ) where be he ? housekeeper upstair , dress . North . by Northwest chgs. 8-12-58 = =p.14 valerian 28 tell he I be here . ay housekeeper - the dinner guest be expect , valerian ( impatiently ) never mind . say to he " Kaplan . " at this , the woman glance at tharnhill . thornhill by the way - what be we have for dessert ? valerian ( to housekeeper ) be anyone in the library ? housekeeper no. . : valerian ( to thornhill , brusquely ) this way . he walk thornhill to the library door , as the housekeeper go upstairs . int ... library 29 book , from floor to ceiling . and window over - look the rear lawn . in the distance , Long Island sound . valerian open the door , gesture to thornhill , who enter . valerian ( he hand on the key ) you will wait here . thornhill ( indicate the shelf of book ) do not hurry , I will catch up on my read . : valerian close the door behing he , immediately , thornhill go to the door to open it . just as he hand reach the imob , he hear the door be locked from the outside . he try it anyway , then turn , glance around , waik to the desk , see several magazine there : field and stream . newsweek ... fortune ... .etc '' in a insert , he and we see that the addressee on all of they be : " mr . lester townsend baywood , Glen cove , n.y . " thornhill step to a window , peer out , North by Northwest chgs . 9-22-58 p15 back lawn - thornhill's point of view 30 a man be play croquet all by himself in the fade light . his name be leonard . later , we - will see he at closer range and perhaps be slightly repell . he be about thirty , but took much young , for he have a soft baby= - face , large eye and hair that fall down over he forehead . his attitude be unmistakably effeminate . hurrying towards he be licht , the other abductor . in a brief pantomime , licht apparently give Leonard tiding , and they quickly go off together towards the house . int . library 32 see the back lawn now desert , thornhill try to open the window the escape .. it be lock . he unfasten the catch , raise the window , be about to climb out when he draw back and turn at the SOUND of the door open behind he . in walk a distinguished look man of about forty , profe - sorial in manner but definitely sexually attractive ( to woman ) , and only slightly sinister . man ( 2 ffably ) good evening ... | he hold out he hand . thornhill take it uncertainiy . thornhill not a moment too soon . . man ( scrutinize he ) well + so ... thorneill thank you . that explain everything . man ( still peer at he ) eee not what I expect - a little talier , @ little more polished than the other ... thornhill ( with bite ) I be se glad you be please , Mr. townsend . . man ( react , then smile ) o+ - but i'm afraid just as obvious . thornhill forgive I for be obvious , but what the devil be this all about ? why be I bring here ? man ( wearily ) came ?... must we ? thornhill nerth by Northwest chgs. 9-22-58 p.16 thornhill 31 not that I mind a slight case of cont 'd abduction now and then , but I do 2 have ticket to the theatre tonight and it be a show I be look forward to and I get , well , kind of unreasonable about thing like that . man with such expert play -act , you make this very room a theatre . ( the man of the croquet wicket enter ) ah - Leonard . have you meet we distinguished guest ? leonard ( stare at thornhill ) . he 's a well - tailore one , be not he ? give he a look of distaste . man . my secretary be a great admirer of you method , Mr. Kaplan . elusiveness , however misguided -- thornhill ( interrupt ) wait a minute . do you call I " Kaplan " ? man oh , I know you be a man of many name , but I be perfectly willing to accept you current choice . thornhill current choice ? my name be thornhill - Roger thornhill - and it 's never be anything elise . of course ... Leonard start to chuckle . thornhill ( smile ) obviously you friend pick up the wrong package ' when they bundle I out here in the car . : man ( tired of all this ) sit down , Mr. Kaplan , will not you ? thorneill ( the smile fade ) I tell you : I be not Kaplan , whoever he be . I be Roger thornhill of the wadley and rapp Agency , and . unless you gentleman happen to be ( continue ) North by Northwest chgs. 9-19-58 p.17 thornhill ( cont would ) 31 interested in advertising something , cont 'd this meeting 43 ° go tc turn out ( 3 ) to be a enormous bust for all concerned . there be a knock on the door . it open 's and a handsome woman in she forty peer in . she give man , then woman Excuse I ++ man ( politely ) yes ? woman . the guest be here . man look after they . I will be with you in a few minute . thornhill ( turn on she with sarcasm ) do not bother to set a place for I , Mrs. townsend . I will not be stay for dinner . a. flustered glance in the direction of the hurriedly withdraw , and close the door . man ( to thornhil1 ) now - shall we get down to business ? thornhill I be all for that , : man quite simply , I would like you to tell I how much you know of we arrangement and - of course = how you have come by this information . naturally , 1 do not expect to get this for nothing . thornhill ( with a sarcastic bow of the head ) of course not . man do not misunderstand I . I do not really expect you to fall in with my suggestion , but the least I can do be afford you the opportunity of survive the evening -- thornhill ( frown ) survive the evening . ..? nortn by Northwest : ( chgs. 9-19-58 . p.18 man 31 now why do not you surprise I , cont'd Mr. Kaplan , and say " yes " ? ( 4 ) thornhill . . I already tell you -- . leonard ( interrupt ) we know where you be head for ... thornhill ( turn on he ) I be head for the Winter Garden theatre in New York , and I think I better get go . he go to the door , fling it open , see valerian stand there block the entrance . he turn . thornhill townsend - you be make a serious mistake ... Leonard ease over and close the door again as the man , walk to the desk , say : man this be not go to lead toa | very happy conclusion , Mr. Kaplan -- thornhill - I be not Kaplan ! man I do wish you would reconsider . leonard we also kmow you contact in Pittsburgh since Jason commit suicide . thornhill ( angrily ) what contact ? I have never even be in Pittsburgh . the other man be at the desk , look down at a piece of paper as he speak quickly : man on June sixteenth , you check into the sherwyn Hotel in Pittsburgh as Mr. George Kaplan of Berkeley , California . a week later you register at the Benjamin Franklin Hotel in Philadelphia as Mr. George Kaplan of Pittsburgh . on August eleventh you stay at the statler in Boston . on August twenty -ninth - George Kaplan of Boston register at the whittier in Detroit . at present , you be register in room seven ninety - six at the Plaza Hotel in New York as Mr. George Kaplan of Detroit -- a ) North by Northwest . chgs. 9-19-58 p.19 thornhill ( tersely ) 31 whav else ? cont 'd ( 5 ) man e - in two day , you be due at the ambassador East in Chicago -- thornhill oh ? man : -- and then at the sheratorn -johnson Hotel in rapid City , South dakota . thornhill ( shaking he head ) not I . man -- so you see , there 13 little sense in maintain this fiction that you ere deceive we , any more than we be deceive you , Mr. Kaplan . thornhill stare at he for a log , manent , neiplessly frustrated . thorneill I do not suppose it would do any good to show you a wallet full of identification card , a driver 's license , thing like that ? leonard ( shake he head ) they provide you with such good one . man ( quietly ) it 's get late . do you intend to cooperate with we ? I would like a simple yes or no . thornhill ( completely exasperate ) all right . a simple no . for the simple reason that I simply do not know what you be talk about . man ( turn to he secretary ) give Mr. Kaplan a drink , Leonard . ( he turn to thornhili ) a pleasant journey , sir . the man go to the door , open it , hold it open for a fraction . valerian and licht enter . the man leave , ulose the door behind he . Leonard open a cabinet . liquor boitle be see . he .turn to thornhill . North by Northwest chgs. 9-22-58 p.20 leonard 31 scotch ? rye? bourbon ? vodka ? the ) 'd thorneill nothing . t'1l just take a quick ride back to town . leonard that have be arrange .... thornhill glance ut the deadpan face of valerian and licht with grow apprehension . leonard but first , a libation . Leonard reach into the cabinet , take out a large bottle of whiskey . he hold it up . leonard bourbon . he move toward thornhill with the bottle . thornhill you have some . I have have enough stimulation for one day . . leonard . ( gently ) it will be easter if you take this yourself . otherwise , it will be necessary for we to insist . thornhill 's eye widen . he point at the bottle . trorneill the whole quart ? leonard not a quart , Mr. Kaplan . it 's only a fifth . thornhill make a sudden move , try to go past he to the door , but valerian and licht grab he , pin he arm behind he . as they do so , camera dolly in to a full head and shoulder shot of thornhill , who stare off screen . we hear the pop of the cork be draw from the bottle . then Leonard 's hand come up into the shot hold a empty tumbler . leonard voice ( 0.s. ) cheer . now the bottle come into shot and begin to f111 the tumbler with bourten before thornhill 's stare face . . dissolve to : 32-34 out '' ~~ North by Northwest ° chgs . 10+10-58 p.21 ext , hill road = night two car be make they way along a wind , precipitous road . the lead car be a light color open mercede benz , behind it be the limousine which bring thornhill from the Plaza botel to Glen cove , we hear thornhill's voice come from the lead car in drunken song : " some - where I will find you ... sneak up behind you ... " the two car come to a stop at the top of the hill . the driver of the limusine get out quickly and we see that it be licht . he cross over swiftly to the mercede benz . close angle - the mercede benz the driver of the mercede benz ~ valerian - be just get out as licht arrive . sitting in the mercede benz , mmble and sing drunken - ly , be thornhill , thornhill ( with gesture ) g'night Mr. townsend ... mizz townsend ... ' night ... parting such sweet sorrow ... ( sing ) " I have grow accustom to you ... bourbon ... " during this , the two man have hold a brief sharp exchange in a foreign tongue . valerian take a quick step toward the edge and see : point of view the wind , descend , precipitous road ahead , close angle - the mercede benz valerian turn back and with the help of licht hurriedly pull thornhill into the driver 's seat . then , as licht run to the limousine , valerian get into the mercede benz beside thornhill , reach across and start the motor . thorneill ( mmble ) do not worry about I , fella . I will take the bus from here . 35 35x . 35k2 35x3 36-37 ouf North by Northwest chgs. 8-15-58 int . nercede benz valerian release the handbralre , push thornhill back , take the wheel and apply he leave foot to the accelerator . as the car start to move , valerian glance ahead tensely . point of view the car be approach a precipice . int , mercede benz valerian open the door at he side and get ready to jump . just then , thornhill , open a bleary eye , begin to sense what be happen . he turn , put both hand on valerian and give he a violent shove , say thickly : thorneill you tale the bus too . valerian fall out ef the car . thornhill erab the wheel and turn 4t sharply . ext . mercede benz the outside wheel travel along the edge of the precipice . thorneill at wheel look ahead , only slightly aware of he danger . he give the wheel another wrench . closeup - mercede benz the rear outside wheel be over the edge , spin in mid-air for a moment . then the inner wheel get a grip on the crumble edge , and the car shoot forward . p.22 38 38x21 38x2 38x ? 38x4 os North by Northwest chgs. 8-25-58 closeup - thornhill at wheel he turn , glance back , see : point of view valerian in the act of get into the already move limousine . : ext . mercede benz it pick up speed and go careen down the wind , precipitous road . the limousine - valerian and licht in hot and angry pursuit . '' the chase sequence the mercede benz can take the sharp curve with more ease than the limousine . also , thornhill be too far go to know that he should not @rive that fast . consequently , he get to the foot of the hill and down to a main thoroughfare still in the lead . naturally , we film this ride , and that which follow , from many different angle , include thornhill 's delirious double-vision Point of view . ee will be kill if he be catch , and he will - be kill if he keep drive this way . there be very little choice really , and on the highway now , he be do eighty , weaving wildly through traffic , swerving suicidally over double lane and bive heart failure to oncoming truck driver . but he be leave the limousine behind . a police car - two officer in front seat the car be travel along at a normal speed . suddenly thornhill 's car come dash by . the officer react immediately , start in pursuit . p.23 38x6 39 39x1 40 out al he . 43 North by Northwest . chgs. 8-25-58 p.24/25 int . limousine 4a valerian and licht see the police car , which be almost directly in front of they , take off after thornhill . valerian signal to licht to slow down . licht do so , and start to make a U -turn . the mercede benz . 45 thornhill try desperately to keep he eye in focus , he foot on the floorboard and he hand on the wheel . horn blare warningly as he come perilously close to several headon crash . in he rear-view mirror , he see the headlight of the police car follow and do not realize that it be no longer the limousine . the headlight be come closer . suddenly , almost too late , he see ahead of he a elderly gentleman on a bicycle emerge from a side road . he slam on the brake and the car come to a scream , wobble stop . the bicyclist , oblivious , continue across . side angle . 46 as thornhill 's car come to a final , jerk halt , the police car , with scream brake , nit thornhill 's rear . there be a crunching SOUND as the bonnet of the police car crumple iike tin . there be a momentary silence and shen the sudden scream of more brake , and a third car smashes into the back of the police car , give it a crumpled - ear as well . thornhill drunkenly lean out and look behind to see what all the fuss be about . the two Police , after force a door open , emerge , flowering . at - the same time , the third driver ds see get out of he car , somewhat bee wiider , and start forward . dissolve to : : 47-00t int . glen cove police station - ( night ) 48 a ly . hagerman be behind the desk . to he right be a radiophone transmitter - receiver , over which we hear the faint communication of eruise police car and they patrol station . a commotion north by nortnwe :. chgs. 10-10-58 p.26 be reard outside , and then one of the police - car 48 officer , a gentieman know as sergeant klinger , cond ' D escort a wobbly thornhill into the building . ( 2 ) thornhill ( thickly ) - thanks for the lift , fella . klinger Lieutenant - I want this man examine for drive while intoxicate . . lieutenant ( look : at the sway thornhill ) really ? thornhill ( to the lieutenant ) they try to kill I ... he with not listen ... Big house ... they try to kill I . klinger ( during above ) all right . let 's just go inside ... he ) thorneill ( move with do not wanna go inside . somebody call the police . the sergeant lead thornhill by the arm into the courtroom . : int . courtroom 4g a bleak room at this late hour of night . klinger ( indicate a chair ) sit down . thorneill do not wanna sit . perfectly all right . ( he fall into the seat ) we will throw the book at ‘em . kidnap . assault with gum ... and - bourbon . . sand sport car . we will get ‘em . . klinger you will . be all right after a good night 's sleep . we get a nice cell . all make - up and wait . the other enter . North by Northwest chgs. 10 - 10 - 58 p,27 thornhill kg do not wanna cell . I want a cont 'd policeman . - ( 2 ) arrest officer , patrolman waggoner , waggoner . the car be just report steal . klinger ub huh . waggoner a Mrs. babson up on twine Road . thornhill ( gott : unsteadily to he foot gotta call someone . where 's the phone ? klinger , you be allow one call . right over here , ( lead thornhill to a nearby phone ) better make it you lawyer . thornhill ( to klinger ) . . butterfield eight - one~oh-nine-eight . . klinger what be I -~ a telephone operator ? thorneill ( nodd ) oe yeah . butterfield eight-one-oh-nine-eight . reluctantly , klinger put the call through . after | a few moment : klinger ( to phone ) just a minute please .... here . Ze hand the phone to thornhill . thornhill ( to phone ) hello , mother ? this be you son , Roger thornhill , ( listen ) wait a minute . ( to klinger ) where be 17 klinger Glen cove Police Station , North by northwest chgs. 10- 10-58 p.28 thornhill ( to phone ) eg Glen cove Police Station ... cont 'd ( listen ) ( 3 ) now be that a nice thing to say , - mother ? I have not be drink again . but this two fellow pour @ bottle of bourbon down my throat == ( listen , shake he head ) no . they do not give I a chaser ... ( during above , dr . cross have enter . klinger come over , . interrupt thornhill ) wait a minute , mother . ( to klinger ) not finish yet . klinger yes you be . c'mon . thornhill ( to phone ) gotta hang up now , mother . you better get my lawyer right away and bail I out . klinger tomorrow morning , tell she . thornhill ( to phone ) he say ' tomorrow morning ' , ( listen ) I do not know . I will ask hin ( to klinger ) she want to know who say . klinger sergeant emil klinger thornhill ( to phone ) sergeant enil -- 3 ? double take at the sergeant ) 5 ite bree a ane ergean 's er. ( listen ) no . I do not believe it either . ( listen ) do not worry . I be all right , mother . ' nightie night . {he hang up ) that be mother . klinger lead he over to a table where Dr. Cross , by pleasent young physician , be wait with medical . North by Northwest chgs. 10-10-58 pp.29 klinger ( to Dr. Cross ) 4 g '' here 's you man , doctor. coun '> Cross glance at thornhill , indicate a chair . thornhill collapse into it . klinger and patrolman waggoner move into b.g. as silent observer Cross take out a questionnaire and a fountain pen , begin to fill out the form , quickly and perfunctorily , dr . cross what 's you name ? thornhill Roger thornhill . do not believe we have meet . dr . cross address ? thorneill eighty -four sutton place . Doctor , you listen to I -- . dr . cross be you operate the mtor vehicle in question ? . thornhill admirably . dr . cross where be you go ? thornhill no place , just try to get away - from some fella who be t : to kill I , I have be try to tell this -- dr . cross where do you start from ? thorneill Big house . I do not know where . Big house . dnd this fella -- dr . cross ( interrupt ) stand up please , Mr. thornh ' file ... thornhill ( struggle to he foot ) . sure. North by nortawest chgs , 10-10-58 p.30 dr . cross ( throw some 4g coin on the floor ) cont 'd «+e and pick up that coin . - ( 5 ) thornhill ( look right at the money ) what coin ? dr . cross ( point to a white line on the floor ) never mind . now I want you to walk that line . thornhill ( as he try wpsuccessfully to negotiate the 6 at first I think they be gonna hold I for ransom , they bring I to this house . can not remember the guy 's name right now . think it be Kaplan . yeah , George Kaplan -- he stop abruptly as he fall to the floor . then , as he start to get to he foot again : dr . cross ever have diabete ? thornhill never touch the stuff . dr . cross they you be not take insulin . thornhill never touch the stuff , dr . cross . have you use a mouthwash recently ? thorneill never stuch the tuff . dr . cross stick out you tongue and say " ah " , thornhill better move back ... ah-h -h ! dr . cross have you be drink ? thornhill Doctor - I be gass . on , North by Northwest chgs. 10 - 10 - 58 P. 31 dr . cross what be you drink ? thornhill bourbon . they hold I down and another guy - — dr . cross how much would you say you drank ? thornhill ( hold he palm about a foot apart ) about this much . he start toward a long table as : dr . cross Mr. thornhill -- it be my opinion that you be definitely intoxicate ... ( as thornhill lie down on the table ) and I be now go to have to ask you permission to draw blood . thornhill ( a sleepy murmur ) how disgusting . dr . cross ( read very quickly from he questionnaire ) " you may refuse to permit a blood test to be make , but if you do refuse , you license will be revoke . you have the right to notify a physician of you own choose to ad [ minister this chemical test if you so prefer . " { look up ) be that understand , Mr. thornhill ? ( no response ) Mr. thornhill ? sergeant klinger step forward , put a finger to he lip . klinger shhh ... he look down at thornhill with mock tenderness . now we see thornhill . he be sleep like a baby , with a little smile on he face . dissolve to : interior , courtroom -- next Morning the judge , anson B. flynn , be stare coldly down at thornhill , who , look plenty the worse for a night in jail , stand between he attorney , victor larrabee , and sergeant klinger . seat behind mn ) North by Northwest chgs , 10- 10-58 f.32 they be thornhill 's mother , clara thornhill , a woman 50 who have play so much bridge she be get to cont 'd look like the Queen of heart . during the follow - ( 2 ) ing , thornhill turn , smile at she feebly . she - do not smile back : larrabee ( speak with ill - conceal distaste ) -- it be at this point that Mr , thornhill succeed in escape 7 from he would - be assassin , and when they give . chase , he , naturally , have to drive as best he could under the , uh , circumstance , but. umfortunately the , uh , circumstance be a little more than he could handle , and so , well , here we be . thornhill ( half aloud ) but where be they ? the judge give thornhill a hard - eye look , then turn to larrabee . . . judge counsellor , how long have you know you elient ? larrabee Seven year , you honor . judge . do you know he to be a reasonable man ? larrabee absolutely , in bog , mes. thornhill give a audible sniff of scorn . thornhill quickly turn and give she a angry whisper . thornhill mother ! _ judge and do you believe there be some . eredence to this ... story ? thornhill ( bridl ) credence ! . larrabee well ... yes , you honor . I mean if my client say that this be what happen , I be certain it must have ... ( he shrug ) «+ shappen , . pa North by Northwest chgs . 8-25-58 p.33 klinger ( to Dr. Cross ) 49 shhh ... cont 'd ( he turn to the patrolman ) ( 7 ) shhh ... . ( he 2ook down at thornhill with mock tenderness ) he 's sleep like a baby . now we see thornhill -- and indeed he be . dissolve to : int . courtroom - next morning 50 the judge , anson B. flynn , be stare coldly down at thornhill , who , lock plenty the worse for a night in jail , stand between he attorney , victor larrabee , and sergeant klinger . seat behind they be thornhill 's mother , clara thornhill , a woman who have play so much bridge she be get to look like the Queen of heart . during ' the follow , thornhill turn , - smile at she feebly . she do not smile back : larrabee ( speak with ill - conceal distaste ) ee . and then take he up in the ; hill in the mercede benz for the purpose of kill he and make it appear to be a drunk -drive accident . it be at this point that Mr. thornhill succeed in escape from he would - be assassin , and when they give chase , he , naturally , have to drive as best he could under the , uh , circumstance , and unfortunately the , uh , circumstance be a little more than he could handle , and so , well , here we be . the judge give thornhill a hard - eye look , then turn to larrabee . judge counsellor , do you believe there be some credence to this .... story ? in b.g. , Mrs. thornhill give a sniff of disbelier . thornhill turn and bive she a angry look , North by northwes + chgs . 8-25-58 p.34 larrabee 50 well ... yes , you honor . I cont 'd mean , if my client say that : ( 2 ) this be what happen , I be . certain it must have ... {he shrug ) «+» happen . judge mm hom ( he turn to klinger ) sergeant - I want this turn over to the County detective for investigation . I suggest you call they up and have they come over here immediately . 8- 13 - 58 = p.35 klinger ( start 50 away ) cont'd right , you henor . - ( 3 ) judge counsellor , I be go to set this over for final disposition tomorrow night at seven-thirty , at which time I expect you and . the defendant to be here and ready to go to trial . in the meantime the County detective will determine whether he story have any basis in fact «= thornhill ( indignantly ) basis in fact ? I suppose if I be bring in here dead , you honor , you still would not believe -- ! larrabee ( interrupt ) now , Roger , wait a minute ! thornhill I mean , after ell , would I make ub such a story ? judge that be precisely . what we intend to find out , Mr. thornhill . - dissolve to : ext . glen cove road - day , 51 the County detective car , a plain black sedan , be cruise in the tree-line " estate " area of Glen cove . int . car 52 . two detective be up front -- lt , harding and cart . '' in the back seat , thornhill be quietly argue with he mother while Victor larrabee listen in strain silence . thornhill +es because any drink I do to excess , mother dear , can be attribute only to the bad example set by my immediate ancestor . you be not exactly , may I remind you , addict to homogenize milk . nwest ° sheen gcane S ** e 33/35 judge 50 mm hom . cont 'd ( he turn to klinger ) - ( 3 ) sergeant ~ I want this turn over to the County detective for investigation . T suggest you call they up and have then come over here immediately , klinger ( start away ) right , you honor , judge counsellor , I be go to set this over . for final disposition tomorrow night at seven-thirty , at which time I expect you and the defendant to be here and ready to go to trial . in the neantime , the County detective will determine whether he story have any basis in fact -- thornetll ( indtgnantty ) 's in fact ? suppose . I be pacis , inf here dead , you still . would not believe -- } larrabee ( interrupt ) now , Roger , wait a minutal . thorneill I mean , after all , you honor , wuld I make up such a story ? judge that 1s precisely what we intend to find out , Mr. thornhill , dissolve to : ext . glen cove road - day 52 the County detective car , a plain black sedan , be cruise in the tree-line " estate " area of Glen cove . int . car . 52 two detective be up front - lt , harding and capt . junket . in the back seat , thornhill be quietly argue with he mother while Victor larrabee listen in strain silence . thorneill ee sbecause any drink I do to excess , mother dear , can be attribute only to the bad example set by my immediate ancestor , you be not exactly , my I remind you , addict to homogenize milk . North by Northwest ches - 10 - 10 - 58 | mrs . thornhill sometimes I wonder why I stand for you impertinence , thornhill you would not have to if you could learn to cheat at bridge , ( a aside to larrabee ) tz support all she girl friend , = now , now , Roger ... mrs . thornhill ( scoffing ) not " Roger . " you forget . it 's George . ? she chuckle ) George Kaplan . capt . junket ( turn ) here 's the townsend estate . look familiar ? . : thornhill ( look out ) yeah . that 's it . travelling shot - the car . . as it enter the estate through the open gate , proceed along the curving driveway and finally come to a stop before the entrance to the main use. : ext . MAIN house everyone in the car get out .. the detective ' lead the way to the front ' door and ring the bell . tesently the door be open by the housekeeper , who seem not at all perturb to see the group stand before she , housekeeper ( pleasantly ) yes ? thorneill remember I ? housekeeper yes , sir , thorneill - ( satisfied , but grin ) good . p.36 52 cont'd ( 2 ) North by Northwest ches. 8-25-58 p37 capt . junket be Mr. townsend at home ? housekeeper , . no , I be sorry , sir , he 's leave for the day . oe 4 'd capt . junket Mrs. townsend ? housekeeper ( after a pause ) who shall I tell she be call ? capt . County detective . housereeper ( unperturb ) come in please . she open the door wider . int . house 55 they all enter , housereefer this way please , . she lead they to the library , open the door for they and they enter . : '' int , library , 56 thornhill this be the room . housekeeper T will call madan , . capt . junket you do that . the housekeeper withdraw . thornhill point to the settee . thorneill there 's the sofa , ( go to the sofa ) they spill bourbon all over it , T will show you the stain . 8-13-58 p.38 he examine the seat cushion , frown , turn the 56 cushion over , frown even more deeply . he look cont 'd up . everyone be stare at he . he turn , look ( 2 ) about , spy the liquor cabinet . thornhill there 's where they keep the liquor ! scotch and gin and vodka -- | mrs . thornhill and bourbon . thornhill go over , whip open the cabinet . it be fill with book . no liquor . just book . mrs . thornhill I remember when it use to come - in bottle . just then the handsome woman of the night before enter , beam graciously and talk very fast as she go over to thornhill , woman Roger ! dear ! ( he srgeignten up , astound we be so worried about youl do you get home all right ? ( she embrace he ) of course you do . let I look at you . a little pink -ey and fuzzy around the cheek . but then , be not we all ? it be a dull party really , and you do not miss a thing . . but lester be furious with hinsel ? for not see you home ersonally . ( to Clara thornhii2 ) let 's see . you mst be Roger 's mother . I be so delighted to meet you . Roger 's tell we so much about you . ( to larrabee ) and you must be a policeman . you iook like a policeman . larrabee iam Mr. thornhill 's attorney . thornhill I want everybody here to imow that I never even see this woman before last night ! @ sotth by Northwest . 8-13-58 p39 . the woman laugh good - naturedly at " Roger 's charming 56 joke . " the detective step forward . cout capt , junket Mrs. townsend - I be Captain junket . - of the nassau County detective , and this be Lieutenant harding , woman how do you de ? lt . harding matam . . woman ( to thornhill ) oh , dear . you have not get into trouble , Roger ...? mrs . thornhill thornhill have he get into stop call I trouble . " Roger " ! capt . junket Mrs. townsend - Mr. thornhiil be pick up last night drive while under the influence of alcohol , and incidentally , in a steal car = < woman stolen carl . : capt . junket -~ belong to a Mrs. babson of twine Road <= . woman Roger , you say you be go to call a cab . you do n'+ borrow Laura 's mercede ? thorneill ( hopelessly ) . no , I do not ... borrow ... laurat ... mercede . capt , junket Mr. thornhill have tell we that he be bring to this house against he will last night and forcibly intoxicate by some friend of you husband and then set out on the road . do you know anything about this ? the woman give thornhill a look of deep sympathy , then face the detective . 7 - 13 - 58 = pho woman : 56 well , now , Captain -- Roger be a cont 'd bit tipsy when he arrive here by ( 4 ) cab for dinner -- thornhill she 's lie ! woman : s7 and I be afraid he become even worse as the evening wear on , and finally he tell we he have to bo home to sleep it off . I know I should have serve dinner earlie : ° otherwise I can assure you the harmless little escapade with Mrs , babson 's car would never have happen . thornhill ( with sardonic admiration ) what a performance ! woman poor dear ... capt , junket Mrs. townsénd -= do the name George Kaplan mean anything to you ? woman ( blanicly ) George Kaplan ? no , capt . I do not think so . the detective already have he eye on the door and @ quick departure . thornhill ( desperate now ) what about she husband ? he 's the one you should be question } capt . junket ( to the woman be there any place he can be reach ? woman why yes - the United Nations . capt . junket ( impressed ) the ... United ... Nations ... ? .. North by Northwest chges . 9- 29 - 58 = pll woman : 56 he 's address the General Assembly cont 'd this afternoon , ( 5 ) the detective lock at thornhill and he mouth tighten . thornhill ( at bay ) all right - so he 's address the General Assembly . capt , junket ( to the. woman ) sorry we have to bother you , woman no bother at all , she lead the group toward the door , thornhill wait a minute now .... they go out to the ' foyer . the foyer ' 5 ? _ as thornhill be hurried by he mother out of the library across the foyer , he hear woman' voice will you be want to get in touch with ny husband , Captain ? capt . junket no , Mrs. townsend = that will not be necessary , thorneill .d' you mean to say you be not go to do anything more about this ? mrs . thornhill ( turn , fix he with a look ) Roger ... ( she shake she head slowly ) pay the two dollar , thornhill give she a look , then go out the front door with she and the other , px ) North by Northwest chgs. 8-25-58 = p.4e ext . MAIN house 58 as the group go down the step and into the car , the woman stand at the door watch . she even wave once to thornhill , who be in no mood to wave back . on the lawn near the entrance , a gardener in overall be on he kmee work over a flower bed . his back be to the entrance , and he do not turn to see the group leave the house . but now , as the car drive off , he get to he foot , look after the car , then turn into camera . beneath the overall and the dirty face , we see valerian . dissolve to : ext . plaza HOTEL - new york CITY - a few : 59 hour : later a cab pull up before the hotel . thornhill and he mother get out and cross the sidewalk . to the entrance as : mrs . thornhill I do not see what you need I - along for . thornhill ( savagely ) you lend I a certain air of respectability . '' mrs . thornhill do not be sarcastic , Roger . they enter the hotel . int . lobby 60 thornhill go to the row of house phone say : tho ! well , here go . ( he pick up a phone ) do you have a George Kaplan stay here . ( a pause - then excitedly ) that 's right . room seven ninety six . would you ring he please ? ( to he mother it 's true . he be register here ... py North by Northwest chgs . _ 8-26-58 =p. 43 mrs . thornhill ( bored ) 60 that 's nice . fr thornhill . eee and he 's just the one to clear up this little ballet . ( the phone ) what ?....0h. I see . he do not leave any word when he would be back , do he ?.. , .. really ? all right . thank you . ( he hang up ) that 's funny . he have not answer he phone in two day . mrs . thornhill maybe he get lock in the bathroom . - thornhill have be peer thoughtfully towards the desk , where people be get they key , mail , etc . thornhill se mother - I want you to go over to the desk , put on that sweet innocent look you do so well , and ask for the key to seven ninety - six . mrs . thornhill do not be ridiculous . I would not do a thing like that . thornhill ( take out a wad of bilis ) ten dollar ? mas . thornhill not for all the money in the world . thorneill fifty ? mrs . thornhill ( take the proffer money ) you be disgraceful . she start toward the desk as thornhill watch . dissolve to : int . HOTEL corridor 62 thornhill and he mother be walk toward the door to 796 , mrs . thornhill car theft ... drunk drive ... assault a officer ... die to a judge .... and now , house - reaking ... North ey Northwest shy . 8-15-58 p44 thornhill 61 not house - break , mother . Hotel - cont 'd break . there 's a difference . 2 mrs . thornhill ( gloomtly ) of five to ten year . they arrive at 79 % ; he take the key from she hand and look about furtively . then he insert it in the lock . just then , a chambermaid emerge from another room , see he and call out : maid just a minute please ! thornhill nervously pull the key from the lock , turn and wait tensely as she walk over to he . maid will you be wantin ' I to change you beddin ' , sir ? thornhill ( relieved ) well ...yes ... but not right now ... I be oney askin' , sir , because the bed do not seem like it be sleep in and I be just wonderin ! if I still oughta ' keep changin ' the linen , y'know ? thornhill thank you very much for you interest . maid ( smile ) you be welcome , sir . she go off down the corrider . quickly thornhill insert the key in the lock , open the door and lead he mother into the room . int . HOTEL room 62 thornhill you see that ? she think I be Kaplan . I wonder if I look like Kaplan . he glance about . there be twin bed , neatly make up , but the rest of the room look live - in . there be a open suitcase on the floor with ay North by Northwest . chgs. 9-22-58 =p. 45 a few shirt and some soile sock init . ona 62 chair be a three - day stack of well - read New York cont 'd newspaper . the dresser top be strewn with ( 2 ) masculine odd and end -- a electric shaver , -a pair of military brushes monogramm " g.k. " , a halfeempty pint of canadian Club , several seribble peminder : " call Wilson , '' " Laundry Friday , " " Wire ambassador East confirm reservation , * " mahdi of Pakistan . " also , there be a group picture tear from a newspaper . the caption be miss , but one of the face have be ringed with red pencil . it be the face of the man of Glen cove . thorneill . homm . look who 's here . mrs . thorneill ( glance about ) where ? who ? thornhill we friend who 's assemble the General Assembly this afternoon . he put the picture down . mrs . thornhill Roger - I think we should go . as he go to the nightetable and press a button mark " chambermaia " : thornhill do not be nervous , mother . mrs . thornhill I be not nervous . I will be late for the bridge club . tho ! neill good . you will lose less than usual . he go to the bathroom and enter . the bathroom 63 there be toilet article on the sink , on the Glass shelf above it , and in the medicine cabinet , thornhill take the comb from the hairbrush on the shelf , inspect it , then replace it . he return the : ps 8-13-58 = p.46 the bedroom 64 thornhill bulletin . Mr. Kaplan have dandruff , - mrs . thornhill in that case , I think we would better leave . . just then , the door buzzer sound . mrs . thornhill too late . thornhill go to the door , open it . the chambermaid stand there . * maid you ring for I ? thornhill come in a moment . ( the may enter ) what 's you name ? maid elsie , sir . * thornhill elsie - do you know who I be ? maid ( giggle ) sure . you be Mr. Kaplan . : thornhill . when do we ... when do you first see I , elsie ? maid outside the door , out there in the hall , just a couple minute ago . do n'tcha remember ? thornhill you mean that 's the first time you ever laid eye on I ? maid can I help it you be never be , Mr. Kaplan ? thornhill how do you know I sm Mr. Kaplan ? North by Northwest — chgs . 8-25-58 p47 maid ( puzzle ) 64 huh ? cont 'd : ( 2 ) thornhill how do you know I be Mr. Kaplan ? maid ( giggle ) well , of course ya be . this be room seven ninety - six , be not it ? so - you be the gentleman in room seven ninety - six , be not ya ? thornhill all right , elsie . maid will that be all , sir ? thornhill for the time be . yes . as the may start away , the door buzzer sound again . the may open the door and go out past the valet , who be see stand there with @ suit on a hanger . : valet valet . thornhill come in . valet ( enter ) hang it in the closet , Mr. Kaplan ? thornhill please . thornhill exchange a look with he mother as the valet open the closet door , hang the suit on the rack . valet there we be . ( thornhill give he a tip ) thank you , mz. Kaplan . thornhill , by the way - when do I give you that suit ? valet last night . around six . . 8-13-58 =p. thornetll 6h do I give it to you personally ? cont 'd : ( 3 ) ' valet ( smile ) personally ? no , Mr. Kaplan . you call down on the phone and describe the suit to I and say it would be hang in the closet . like you always do . anything wrong ? thornhill no , no . just curious . valet ( leave ) okay . Nice meeting you , Mr. kaplen . he go cut . thornhill step to the closet , open the door . thorneill I be beginning to think nobody in this hotel have actually ever see Kaplan . mrs . thornhill maybe he have he suit mend by invisible weaver . there be several suit on the rack . thornhill take one out , toss it on a chair , whip off he jacket , throw it on the bed , then take the other jacket off the hanger and put it on . he extend he arm . the sleeve be eight inch too short . mrs . thornhill ( look he over speculatively ) I do not think that one do anything for you . thornhill take the trousers from the hanger , hold they up in front of he . they be ludi - crously short . . thornhill look at this . they have mistaken I for a man who be only five foot tall . mrs . thornhill I have always tell you to stand up straight . sorth by Northwest ches. 9-15-58 just then , the telephone on the night - table ring . thornhill staree at it uncertainly . the phone ring again , . thorneill . should i7 mrs . thornhill certainly not . so thornhill go over and pick up the receiver , thornhill hello ? valerian 's voice ( through phone ) it be good to fing you in , Mr. Kaplan . thornhill who be this ? valerian' voice we meet only last night ana still you do not recognize my votve. , TI should feel offended — thorneill yeah = now I know who you be and I be not Mr. Kaplan , valerian 's voice of course not . you answer he telephone and you live in he hotei toom , and yet you be not Mr , Kaplan , nevertheless , we be pleased to find you in , he click off , thornhill ( jtgesing receiver frantically ) operator' voice thorneill Operator , this be Mr , thorn <= Mr , kaplen in Seven -ninety - six , that call that just come through . be that a outside cali or from the lobby ? operator' voice just a minute , sir , I will see B ' thornhill hurry 's mrs . thornhill who be it ? pkg '' 6h cont'd ch ) North by Northwest chgs , 9-22-28 = P. 50 thornhill : 64 only one of the man who try to kill cont 'd I last night . ( 5 ) mrs . thornhill . oh ~ we be back to that one , be we ? thornhill ( jiggling the phone ) . hello - operator ! operator' voice Mr. Kaplan ... thornhill yes ... operator' voice that call be make from the lobby , sir . thornhill it be ... | ( he hang up , look about desperately ) the lobby . they be probably on they way up right now , come on , we have get to get out of here . he struggle into he jacket , pick up the newspaper elinp an¢ stuff it°in hig nocket , mrs . thornhill ( not at all excited ) I think I would like to reet one of this killer . he take she by the arm , hurry she to the door . the corridor . 65 as they emerge from the toom , thornhill look about , see no one , move he mther swiftly to the nearby srevator '' I press the soo button , wait anxiously , suddenly two elevator arrive simul tane - gush one from above , the other from below . Gus as thornhill and he mother enter they elevator , valerian and licht step out of the other one , in time to see they quarry . before the door can close , they quickly follow thornhill in . int . elevator 66 there be six passenger in the car , all of they of obvious refinement and sophistication : a elderly gentleman and he elderly wife ; two fitty - ish woman ; and another couple . valerian and licht be crowded close to thornhill and he mother as the door close and the elevator start down . thornhill tap she and indicate that this 8- 15-58 p51 be the man who be after he . she glance at 66 they and see two man whose attitude seem to cont 'd be quite innocuous . she turn back to thornhii1 ( 2 ) and smile she disbelief . he frown and nod he insistence . she turn to they again and smile . mrs . thornhill you gentleman be not really try to kill oy son , be you ? the man look at she blankly , as the other passenger turn they head in surprise . valerian start to smile , as he turn to licht , who take the cue and also begin to smile . valerian turn toward the other occupant of the car and start the chuckle . relieved , they start to chuckle too . for a split second , Mrs. thornhill be astonished at the effect of she be : + then she too join in the laughter . by now the laughter have build to a crescendo and the ' Whole car be laugh , even the operator . in the center of all this stand a glowering thornhill . the elevator come to a stor . operator lobby , please . watch you step . thornhill 's expression immediately change to one of furtive calculation . we hear the SOUND of the elevator door open and the outside jobby light appear on he face . valerian and licht start to move out . thorneill ( to both of they , politely ) Excuse I . lady firss , if you do not mind , int . lobby 66x1 camera be shoot into the elevator . thornhill turn and start back out of the car as he usher the lady out . the lady , in push they way out , ease valerian and licht toward the rear . as thornhill back away , the camera also retreat with he , but go faster than he do . thornhill be now far enough out to turn toward the camera ang start run toward the 59th Street entrance , the camera panning with he — — North by Northwest ches . 8-28-58 p52 another angle - int . lobby €6x2 thornhill be now run toward the camera . behind he we see valerian and licht push - they way between the woman , and just in front of they , Mrs. thornhill , who be call out : mrs . thornhill Roger - will you be home for dinner ? thornhill dash out of the shot . ext . plaza HOTEL 66x3 a man and woman be wait for a taxi , which be just pull up . as the doorman open the door far they , thornhill come dash out of the hotel , run down the step and jump into the cab , past the astonished people . he slam the door shut and the cab start to move off . 67-70 out int . cab 71 driver . where to ? . thornhill zi do not know . just keep go . the driver shrug . thornhill turn , look out of the back window . over he shoulder we see valerian and licht dash across the sidewalk and past the same startle couple and doorman into the next cab , which have just pull up . thornhill turn away , realize he be sti11 be follow , ponder the situation , then reach into he pocket , take out the tear news - paper photograph he have find in the hotel room and glance down at it thoughtfully . he look up at the cab-driver . . thornhill take I to the United Nations . driver right . thornhill the General Assembly Building . driver right . North by Northwest ches. 10-10-58 = p.53 thornhill 71 I be be follow . can you do cont 'd something about it ? . ( 2 ) driver yes . I can . thornhill do it . the cab surge forward with a burst of speed . dissolve to : ext . UNITED nation headquarters - pay 72 as see from the north , a long high angle shot show - ing the General Assembly building in the foreground , the 39 - story marble and glass secretariat building beyond it , and in the background , the East River and the Brook ? : skyline . at the extreme tight , a taxi- . cab be see pull up at the curb near the main entrance to the General Assembly building . close angle - the entrance . 73 thornhill get out of the cab , go into the building . int . lobby of assembly bldc . ~ 24 thornhill cross to the information desk , there be two girl station behind she desk , one of they a lovely indian . she smile at thornhill girl May I help you , sir ? thornhill yes . where would I find me. lester townsend ? girl ( write on a pad ) Mr. townsend of unipo . and do you have a appointment , sir ? thorneill , i...uh...y ...uh... he expect I . girl you name , sir ? thornhill ( hesitates ) my name ? ya North by Northwest chgs. 8-28-58 =p. 54 girl . 74 yes , please . a thornhill Kaplan . George Kaplan . girl one moment please . shw pick up a phone , start to dial . thornhill glance back toward the entrance door nervously . ext . STREET near MAIN entrance another cab be see pull up to the curb . valerian get out and , address licht inside , — gesture as though tell he to have the cab wait across the street . as the cab pull away valerian start up the step to the main entrance of the General Assembly building . . int . lobby 75x1 thornhill be now receive a slip of paper fren : the girl at the information desk , who be say : girl +se if you will give this to one of the attendant in the Public Lounge she will page he for you . thornhill thank you very much . girl you be welcome , Mr. Kaplan . thornhill start past the desk . ext , MAIN entrance 75x2 valerian cross the courtyard and start through the main door . int . lobby 75x3 valerian enter and glance about . ' then he walk in the direction of the information desk . % North by Northwest . chgs. 6-28-58 p55 int . public lounge 76 thornhill be just approach the lounge . we enter with he , see the vast , high - ceiling room with its high window along the north wall look out on the East River and the queensboro Bridge in the distance . the lounge be crowded with delegate of ail nation ; there be many race , many adifferent mode of dress . they sit on leather chetss and sofa sip tea , or stand in small conversational group with cocktail in hand . other congregate at the bar at the east end of the room . everywhere 1s the buzz of many different tongue . and over it , the continuing SOUND of the public address system as three pretty attendant seat behind microphone near the telephone switchboard send out they call : " miss knox of ceylon ... United States Secretary please ... Mr. delegation of Pakistan , please call the Public Lounge ... Mr. Craig of the secretariat , kindly call you office ... Mr. bernatti of the swiss observer Office ... Mr. bernatti of the swiss observer Office ... '' thornhill go up to one of the attendant ( a 26 - year - old american girl ) , hand she the slip of paper . . thornhill will you page Mr. lester townsend please ? attendant ( consulting the slip ) certainly , Mr. Kaplan . she pick up the microphone . we hear she voice over the p.a. system . : attendant Mr. townsend of unipo ... Mr. townsend of unipo .... please call at the communication desk of the Public Lounge . thornhill stand gaze about the crowded room waite ing for townsend to appear . deep in b.g. we see valerian enter . . he stop as he see thornhill . there 1s a constant stream of activity at the commumication desk . several different people se14-58 p56 emerge from the throng to walk over to the desk . 76 thornhill pay no attention to they , for none of cont 'd they be the man he be seek . finally one { 2 ) caller - a distinguished look gentleman of ~ about sixty - lean over and speak to the attendant , who then glance at thornhill . attendant Mr. Kaplan ... thornhill ‘( turn ) yes ? attendant you wish to see Mr. townsend . thornhill yes . attendant ( point ) this be Mr. townsend . thornhill look at the strange man , blink with puzzlement . townsend | how do you do , Mr. Kaplan ? he extend he hand . thornhill ( to attendant ) this be not Mr. townsend . townsend ( smile ) yes it be , he hold out he hand again . thornhill shake it dumbly . thornhill there mist the ...some ... mistake . hester townsend ? townsend ( cheerfully ) that 's I . . ( as they stroll towards the window ) what can I do for you ? thornhill ( still utterly bewilder ) you be the townsend who life in Glen cove ? North by Northwest chgs. 9-22-58 townsend that 's right . be we neighbor ? thornhill a large red-brick house with a curving tree-line driveway ? townsend ( smile ) that 's the one . ' as they walk across the room , they pass a press photographer take flashbulb shot of a West African group . : thornhill Mr. townsend , be you at home last night ? townsend you mean in Glen cove ? : thorneill yes. : townsend no . I have be stay in ty apartment in town for the past month . always do when we be in session here , thorneill what about Mrs. townsend ? townsend ( frown ) my wife have be dead for many year . . ( thornhill stare at he ) look here , Mr. Kaplan , what 's this all about ? who this le 12 : be ose people live in you house ? townsend what people ? the house be completely close up . there 's just a gardener and he wife live on the grounds . now , Mr. Kaplan - suppose you tell I who you be and what you want . p.57 .. 76 cont ' D ( 3 ) ys North sy Northwest - shgs . 3-18-58 p.58 thornhill take the newspaper photograph from he 76 pocket , start to show it to townsend . cont 'd thornhill . do you know this man ? townsend glance at the picture , then suddenly gasp and utter a strangle cry . his eye widen and he sag against thornhill , who put hiz arm around he automatically to support he . thornhill here . what 's wrong ? townsend groan . his eye flutter . thornhill 's right hand close on the handle of a knife pro - trude from townsend 's back . instinctively he gresp the knife , pull it out . townsend slump to the floor , dead . thornhill stands there in horror stare down at he , the bloody knife upraise in he hand . it have ali happen so swiftly that nobody have actually see the slay . valerian be see h ing away . a woman 's voice be hear cry out : " look ! " a man 's voice shout : " what happen ? " thornhill lock up , see a circle of horrify , angry face stare at he . a woman point at he accusingly : " he do it ! I see he ! " the group move toward he slowly , threateningly . another voice cry out : " look out ! he 's get a knife ! '' thornhill back away slowly , daze and confuse , thornhill wait a minute now ... listen to I ... I have nothing to do with this ... voice somebedy do something !... I see himi ... call the ppolicel.. , grab hin !... thornhill ( frighten ) do not come any nearer ! get back ! there ts a click and 2 flash of light . the press photographer have whipped he camera around and catch a perfect shot of the stunne thornhill North by jorthwest ' chges . 10-15-58 p.59 back away from the fall body with the bloody 76 knife still clench threateningly in he hand . cont'd panic on he face , he drop the knife and flee _ ( 5 ) from the room before the startle onlooker can take @ move , dissolve to : xt . conference room = central intelligence agency 27 ~ WASHINGTON , d.c . - early evening start close on front page of a Washington evening paper feature the incriminate photo of thornhill in he " killer 's " pose ; above it , screamer head - line : " diplomat slain at u.n.3 assassin elude police . " a man' voice be heard over the shot read aloud what be obviously part of the news story .- during this we pull rack to reveal a group of four man and one woman seat around a confer - ence table . as the camera leave the insert of the newspaper and start its rise , we also catch a glimpse of official document on which we see the word : " top secret . " man' voice ( read ) '' -- the photograph have be tentatively identify as that of Roger thornhill , a Manhattan advertising executive , indicate that the name George Kaplan , which he give to a attendant in the General Assembly Building , wes false . 4 possible mtive for the slay be suggest by the discovery that earlier today , thornhill appear in a Glen cove , Long Island police court on a charge of drumk drive with a steal car , and in he defense charge that the murder victin , . m>. townsend , have attempt to kill hin the night before ... the man put the newspaper down on the table , look up at the other people . they age vary fron thirty - five to fifty ; there be nothing about a Intelligence agent 's appearance that cistinguish he from , say , a college professor or a stock broker or a reporter or a housewife . this people . happen to be all of that , too . the gentleman who have be read the newspaper , for example , be , among other thing , a limer of comic cartoon for the national magazine . . cartoonist brother ... North by Northwest chgs . y torreees p.60 stock broker 77 what about that ? . a housewife do anybody kmow this thornhill ? * cartoonist not I . 's stock broker never hear of hin , Professor ? the Professor shake he head negatively . reporter apparently the poor sucker get mistaken for George Kaplan . cartoonist how could he be mistaken for George Kaplan when George Kaplan do not even exist ? repopter do not ask I how it happen , but obviously it happen . vandamm 's man must have grab he and try to put he away , use lester townsend 's house . stock broker ( nodd ) and the unsuspecting townsend wind up with a stray knife in he back . reporter ( shrug ) crest la guerre . cartoonist ( shaking he head ) it 's so horribly sad . why be ¢t I feel like laugh ? housewife Rover mind that . what be we go cartoonist do ? housewife about Mr. thornhill ... stock broker good question , ° North by northvest , ches. 10-15-58 p.61 .. . they look at each other uncertainly . finally the 77 ~ mildest mannered of they all , the college professor , cont 'd speak up quietly , enunciate with elaborate . ( 3 ) preciseness , professor we do .. nothing . housewifs nothing ? professor ( get up ) that 's right .. mothing . ( with a gesture ) oh , we could congratulate ourselves on a marvelous stroke of good fortune ... ( he meet they puzzle stare with a delighted annowncement : ) we non - existent decoy , George Kaplan - create to divert suspicion from we own number one - have fortuitously become a jive decoy . housewife yes ; Professor . and how long do you -~ , think he 's go to stay live ? professor that 's he problem . stock broker what Mrs. Finley mean -- professor ( amused ) I know what she mean . stock broker will we can not just sit back calnly and wait to see who kill he first ... vandamz and company cr the police . professor ( forcefully ) there 's nothing we can do to save he without endangering number one ! ml , housewife : be not we be just a wee bit callous ? the Professor 's tolerant attitude vanish . North by Northwest chgs , 10-15-58 p.62 professor 27 no , my dear woman , we be not be cont 'd callous . we do net invent ow ( 4 ) noneexistent man , and establish elaborate behaviour pattern for . hin , and move he prop belonging in and out of hotel room , tor we of private amusement , @ create George Kaplan and labor to convince vandamm that this phantom be we own number one , hot on he trail , for a desverately important reason . reporter check , stock broker nobody 's deny that . professor ( passionately ) all right then . if we make the slight move to suggest that there 4g no such agent as George Kaplan ... give any hint to vandamm that 's he 's pursue a decoy instead of we real number one ... then number one , work right under vandacn 's nose , will immediately face suspicion , exposure and assassination , like the two other who go before . there be a moment of embarrassed silence aroud the table as they all realize the unpleasant truth of what the Professor have just say . housewife ( softly , sadly ) Goodbye , Mr. thornhill ... wherever you be . dissolve to : int . grand central station - NYC - early evening 78 shoot from a high vantage point , we disclose the vast , bustling main lobby of the terminal , Police be see enter from the 42nd Street side o- two lieutenant in uniform and two plainclothes detective . they look about come to a stop confer and then disperse . bra pan slightly to a phone booth . we see thornhill inside , talk on the phone , . 79 : o0 m North by Northwest chgs. 10-15-58 p63 int . phone booth 80 . thornhill ( exasperate ) but , mother , I call the Plaza . Kaplan check out and go to the . ambassador East in Chicago . that 's why I be -- ( he listen impatiently ) | I can not go to the police . no yet . you saw the newspaper . my fingerprint be on the knife ; I 'ma drunk driver , a car thief and I murder a man for revenge . I would not have a chance , and I will not have until I find deorge Kaplan , who obviously know what this be all about . ( listen again ) no , the train . it 's safer . ( another interruption ) because there 's no room to hide on a@ plane if someone should recognize I . you want I to jump off a move plane ? ( nod , then with angry sarcasm ) you so much , mother . there be a loud clatter as Mrs , thornhill hang up on he . thornhill stare at the receiver a moment , then hang up and push out of the booth . int . terminal él as he emerge from the booth , he come face to face with a large man who could be a detective . for a brief , tense mment they stare at each other , and tnen the man step past he into the booth . thornhill look about cautiously , then start walk across the lobby towards the sicket window , camera moving with he . near the information Booth , a man stand read the center page of the n.y. post . thornhill - see the front page headline : " manhunt on for U.N. killer . '' this remind he to take out dark glass and put they or , which he do as he continue across the lobby and step up to a pullman ticket window . a ticket agent move up to he , peer at the dark glass , agent yes ? North by Northwest chgs . 8-25-58 =p. 64 thornhill 81 give I a bedroom or whatever cont 'd you get on the twentieth century . . ( 2 ) agent ( slowly ) leave in five minute . thornhill ( impatientiy ) I know . come on . agent I think they be all sell out . thorneill sold out ? agent you can always go coach . thornhill no , I ... I can not . when 's the next train ? agent nothing till ten . ( peer at he ) you be in a hurry , huh ? thornhill ( sharply ) call they and see what you can do . agent ( still peer ) something wrong with you eye ? thornhill yes . they be sensitive to question . will you call they ? agent ( still stering at he ) sure ... sure ... reverse angle - ticket office 82 we be behind the agent , shoot through the window open on thornhill . what we see ( and thornhill cannot ) 1s that the agent be now look dewn at a glossy photograph of thornhill . with knife in hand , obviously a police department copy of the original . he glance up at thornhill again . } ' ao ! North by Northwest . . chgs. 9-9-58 p.65 agent . 82 do not go away . a the agent walk away from the window , camera moving with he . out of tnornhill 's line of sight in the rear of the ticket office , he pick up a phone , etal three time , wait , then - agent ( softly , to phone ) he 's at window Fifteen , upper level . rurry . he hang up , swallow nervously , compose himself , step to the ticket rack , take down a ticket , be - turn to the window say airily : agent you be in luck , mister -- he stop , stare . nobody be at the window . he lean through , peer about . thornhill ts go . long shot - the terminal 83 thornhill have withdraw to a vantage point across the lobby . in distant b.g. the agent be see pull he head back in . in close f.g. , thornhill stand watch he , hidderr by the intervene crowd . now he see two man = the police lieutenant - hurry up to the ticket window , confer with the agent , then turn , look about . another angle thornhill turn away , move swiftly toward the trein-platform entrance , camera dollying with hin . he sees the sign above track 29 : twentiet century prete . he start through the gate . a Guard stop guard ticket ? . thornhill i...uh ... I be just see some friend off . he start through . ' the guard grab he . os North by Northwest . correction 3.15.52 p.66 , guard 84 sorry . I will have to kecw they cont 'd name and space before I can let ( 2 ) you through . - thornhill isok pack , see the police run across the lobby toware the gute . he yank he arm free , push the Guard asiue , go through the gate and run past the desi where train official be verify passenger space . the platform 85 guard voice ( o.s . ) wait a minute : come back here } thornhill continue to run , camera moving with he . in b.g. , tne police reach the gate , confer with the guard . as thornhill reach the rear car of the wait train , he turn , look back . the police be come arter he . tp end down the platform , porter be call out : '' all aboaras " ' thornhill quickly board tne train . int .. train 86 thornhill hurry through a car , look out of the window , take he dari glass off and see the Police run along the platform to enter the car up ahead . fe turn , start back . another passenger be approach . it be a lovely , smartly - q@ress gial of twenty - six . thernhill try to . Bet past she . tne aisle be narrow . she step to one side , but he step to she same side . he move to the other siue - just as she do , girl sorry , thornhill my fauit . they move to the center - but in unison . again a impasse . thornhill sorry . 8-18 -58 = b67 girl 86 my fauit . . a 2 meanwhile , the police have board the train . ~ thornhill and tne girl be get nowhere , just block eazn other . the police come into view at the other end of the car . moman - tarily distract by a outgo redcap , they have not spot thornhill yet . the girl see the man , notice they uniform , sense . thornhill 's urgency . thornhill catch she look , duck into a open compartment fill with luggage tut no passenger as yet , and pull the door partially close . the police come run through the car , girl ( point ) he go that way . I think he get off . they follow har direction , continue on . the compartment dcor cper , thornhill step out , see the ccast be clear . thornhill thenk you very mucn . girl quite all righs . thornhill ( lamely ) Seven parking ticket . girl oh , she walk away . he look after she . the view be quite attractive . the train start move . he peer out cf the window . the platform , 87 the police have be search the platform , they turn , watch helpiessly as the train pull away . : dissolve to : ext . NY central taack - night be somewhere along tne : huason River , the twentieth century Limited core around a bend , speed toward camera and race .by , 8-18-58 p.68 '' int . club car ag a pullman conductor anu nie asulisiant be finish - ing up the ovsinecs of coliesieng ticket and verify puiiman space . ' iney move through the car . stuaying the passenger : who sit there read magazine and new pers , pecognice most of they as nave hanjed over thelr ticnet earlier . there ds douct avout : oie passenger , a eiderly woman . constictor will to huve you tickel , madam ? woman why yes . I give lot to you a how : ago . conductor and that space be .... 7 woman bedroom F , in var eignteen - on-one . conductor oconsult nos chaz . ) thank you . womaw ( 4 littse nutty ) youtre welsome . the conavicter and ris assistant continue on until they come to a dow inbelled : " washroom . " the assistant trice the handie , find the door uniocked , open it slightly and peer in . satisfied that tne washroom be unccccuple , he . close the door , and the two man continue on . fter a moment , the washrcom usor oven , thornhill peer cut , then emerge ard move off in the opposite giressisn through the club car . as he pass a tabie , he ss a evening paper lie there with he own picture on the front page , fuse ap . he step , casually turn the paper over , and contimy on towards the @ine car . 90-91 out int . dine car 92 as thornniil enter frum the next car , the steward approach he . 0 8-18-52 p.69 steward g2 good evening , sir . one ? er thornrile please . . the steward lead he into the dining area . it be fairly crowicd . ' the girl be there , seat alone at a table for tno . she 1s on dessert and coffee . witnout 4 word , tne steward lead thernhlii directiy to she table and pull out the chai : for he , the girl look up at . thornhili , omlle flectingiy . he return ' the smile amu sit down . steward cocktail before dinner ? " thornhill how atout a glison ? steward right away . he gcse cfr . tiornniil take up the menu , Studies 14 . the girl raise she eye , study he . he jock up , catch n glance . she quickly task a he glance aonn at the menu again , sher lol ae nei . she glance up , catchis he , and I less ay . New she lock away . then they both lock up at each '' cther at the save time ond et meas cn . they smile . thofnhilg well '' here ae be again . otk yes . thornhill ( look aoxn at menu} recenmend anything ? girl tne brock trout . a little '' trouty " but quite good . thornhill sela . he write out the crder . a waiter bring he Gibson , take the order and ieuve . thernhill blance about the dinirg car nervously , see ( or perhaps imagine he see ) several people stare at he . when he look back at the girl , he find that she be scrutinize he thornhill I know . I look vaguely familiar to you . girl yes . thornhill you feel you have see I somewhere before . girl yes . thornhill funny how I have that effect on people wherever I go . something about my face ... girl it 's a nice face . thornhill you reaily think s0 ? girl ~ I would never say it if I do not , thornhill oh = you be that type . oire what type ? thornhill honest . girl not really . thornhill good . honest woman frighten I . girl why ? 8-18-58 p.70 92 cont 'd ( 3 ) North by Northwest ~ chgs. 10-10-58 p.71 thornhill 92 I feel at a disadvantage with cont 'd then . or ) be my t honest with ecause you be no ne they , : thornhill exactiy . girl , like that business about the seven parking ticket ... thornhill ( step delicately past it ) what I mean be : the moment I meet a attractive girl , I have to start pretend that I have no desire to make love to she . girl what make you think you have to conceal 127 thornhill she might find the idea objectionable . girl ( provocatively ) . and then again , she might not . . thornhill think . how lucky I be to have be seat here , girl luck have nothing to do with it . fate ? thorneill eat ? norta by Northwest chgs 7 ae ngs . 16-1 p.72 girl 92 I tip the steward five cont 'd dollar to seat you here if ( 5 ) you should come in . - thornhill look at she for a long moment . thornhill be that a proposition ? she look right back at he fer a equally long moment . girl it never make love on a empty stomach . trorneill you have already eat . . girl but you have not . they contimie to gaze at each other , and then the waiter bring dinner and set it on the table . thornhill go the work on ite thornhill do not you think it 's time we be introduce ? girl I be Eve kendall . twenty -six . and unmarried . mow you imow everything . . thornhill what do you do besides lure man to they doom on the New York Central ? eve Tim a industrial designer . thornhill Jack Phillips . western sale manager of kingby electronica . eve ( easily ) no you be not . youtre Roger thornhill of madison Avenue and you be want . for murder on every front page in America . do not be so modest . thornhill oops . North by nerthwest correction 8-18-58 ».73 .. eve : 92 do not worry . I will not say a word . er thornhill . eow come ? eve I tell you - it 's a nice face . thornhill be that the only reason ? eve ( shrug ) it 's go to i a fone night ... thornhill ( nod ) eve and I do not particularly like the book I have start ... thornhill an. eve you know what I mean ? trorneill " oh = exactly . Eve put a cigarette between she lip , look quite voldly inte thornhill 's eye as he take a folder of match from kis pocket . she notice the match folder , take it from he and examine it . ( we will see it in a insert ) . on each side of the . folder , three large letter : ro tt. thornhill ( explain ) my trademark << rot , eve Roger 0 . thornhill . what 's the 0. for ? thorneill nothing . he strike a match to light she cigarette . ( mean - while , the train have be slow down as it a station . ) she take he hand in hers and guide the flame to she cigarette , she hand linger on he with a unmistakable intimacy that he find downright delightful . she look norta by Northwest ches . 10-10..58 9 p.qe thornhill 92 I would invite you to my bedroom cont 'd if I have a bedroom . ( 7 ) roomette ? : trorneill . nothing - not even a ticket . I have deen play hide - and -seek with the pullman conductor ever since we leave New York . . eve how awkward for you . ' tho ! no place to sleep . eve I have get a large draw - room all to myself . thornhill that 's not fair , 1s 1t ? eve drawing -room E , car thirty - nine-ch-one . thornel 4 nice number , eve easy to remember , thornhill thirty-nine-ch-one . eve . see ? eo ! I have no luggage . eve ( lock out of the window ) thorneill you would not happen to have a extra pair of pajamas , would you ? he right in the eye . . eve would not I ? ~~ North by Northwest chgs. 10-10-58 p.75 then she put money on she tab and get to she | foot , as thornhill stare up at she , slightly awed . the train come to a stop , eve incidentally , I would not order any dessert le I be you . thornhill ( pat he stomach ) I get the message , eve that be not quite what I mean . the train seem to be maling a unschedule stop , and I just see two man get out of a police car as we pull into the station . they be not smile . . . she walk away , and thornhill look out of the window . two berscrive eat see hurry along the platform to board the train . thornhill put some money on the table , get to he foot and saunter out of the car in the direction Eve have take . camera pan quickly to the other end of the ear , pick up the two detective enter the dining area and look about . the steward walk =p to they , as the train start move again . dissolve to : int . eve' drawing}room ( later ) Eve be seat by the window with a book in she lap , apparently alone . thornhill be nowhere to be see . sometime during the eer eet the camera will indicate | to we that he muffled voice be come from behind she close upper berth , where he be lock in , Eve continue to glance at she book as she speak . thorneill's voice I think you better go out and tell that police to hurry . eve patience be a virtue , ' thorneill's voice so be breathe . eve just lie still . 92 cont 'd ( 8 ) 93 =~ North by Northwest chgs . '' 9-958 p.76 thornhill's voice $ 3 do you have any olive of 11 ? ay 2 a olive of 11 ? thorneill's voice I want to be pack in olive o1l if I be go tc be a sardine . the door buzzer sound . Eve remain seat , call out in a loud voice : eve come in . the door open . the dining - car steward be see in the corridor . he look in at Eve , speak apologetically . steward I be sorry to disturb you . seme gentleman here would like to have a word with you . man' voice ( o.s. ) okay . thanks . the steward go off , and the two detective enter . first detective you name please ? eve Eve kendall . who be you ? . first detective ( show identification ) tate Police . eve be anything wrong ? meanwhile , the second detective be open the closet deer and the lavatory door and peer into every nook and cranny of the araw - reom . first detective there be a man seat at you table tomight in the dining car . eve yes . the 8-18-58 = p.77 first detective 93 friend of yours ? eg ) . 3 eve I never see he before . first detective this the man ? he hand she a photograph . she take it , study it . eve why yes . I think so . it 's not a very clear picture . first detective it 's a wirephote . we just get it from the New York police , . eve Police ? . first detective he 's want for murder . eve ( get we ) good heaven . no. ° first detective we think maybe he be in here with you . eve with I ? I tell you , I do not + even know the man , first detective the steward say you leave the dining car together . eve we might have happen to eave at the same time but not together . first detective what do you two talk about ? talk about ? first detective yeah . you waiter sald you be get along pretty gocd with this thornhill fellow . North by_ Northwest : ches. 10-10-58 p.78 , eve 93 be that he name - thornhill ? a first detective do not he tell you ? eve no . do not tell I anything . all we do be chat ... about different kind of food ... train travel versus plane travel ... that sort of thing ... rather innocuous , I must say , consider that he be a itive from justice . who do he ? first detective he do not say where he be go , do he ? eve no = I assume Chicago . you think perhaps he get off when you get on ? first detective ( rather grimiy ) look - if you happen to catch sight of he again , miss ... wh -~ kendall . first detective see will you let we know ? eve I be go to bed soon , .and I intend to lock my door , so I doubt if T will be see he or anybody else tonight . — : first detective well just in case you do = we will be in the observation car at the rear of the train . it 's comforting to kmow that . disgruntle , the two man walk out . eve goodnight , she close the door , go quickly to she handbag as she say : North by Northwest chgs. 10-10-58 p.79 .. eve , 93 still breathe ? cont 'd ( 3 ) thornhill's voice ( plead weakly ) either hurry , or bring I a snorkel . eve ( fumble in she bag ) I be look for that can opener I steal from the porter . she take out the key-like device which porter use to open pullman bed . she insert it in the lock . turn i and the upper berth crash open , bounce Tho into view , eve hello there . he sit up , heave a sigh of relief , remove he sun-glass from he pocket and stare sourly at they . they be smashed . he drop the piece on the bed , then look down at Eve and smile with friendly puzzlement . mo , eve ( during abeve ) all clear . - thornhill why be you so gqod to I ? she gaze up at he and smile . eve shall I climb up and tell you why ? ext . train - long shot , oe as it speed through the darkness . close shot - the diesel locomotive 95 as its horn blast four time . es dissolve to : int , eve' drawing - room - later 96 the upper berth be close now . Eve and thornhill be stand close together in the dark murmure to each other between frequent kiss . we hear then more than see then , for they be reveal to we only by the pass light outside the window . her back be against the wall near the light switch . he be stand directly in front of she , he hand at she waist . her hand be at he shoulder , not help not resisting . North by Northwest chgs. 10-10-58 p.80 eve 96 you know , I have be think - cont'd it 's not safe for you to roam ( 2 ) around Chicago look for this . George Kaplan you have be tell I about . you will be pick up by the police the moment you show . you face ... thornhill . ( kissing she ) and it 's such a nice face , too . eve ( kissing he back ) do not you think it would be better it ao stay in my hotel room while I locate Mr. Kaplan end bring he to you ? ornhill th a ' can not let you get invelved . too dangerous . eve I 'ma big girl . thornhill ( nibble away ) in all the right place , too . eve ( respond with grow excitement ) this be ridiculous . you know that , do not you ? thornhill ( kissing she lip ) yes . . eve zt mean , we have hardly meet . thornhill that 's right . eve how do I know you be not a murderer ? thornhill ( to she neck ) you do not . ba wie ay awe wsiWest ches. 10-10-58 p.81 . , mayb Te Li ing to a go ' D ybe you be plan murder 7 cl an I , right here , tonight , ( 3 ) thornhill ( work on - she ear ) shall I ? , . eve ( whisper ) yes , .. please do ... this time she hand do help he , and it be a long kiss indeed . thorneill what 's happen to we ? - eve we be just stranger on a train . thorneill beat fly , do not it ? eve we should stop , . thornhill ( continue ) ~ . inmedtately . eve zt ought to know more about you . thorneill ( kissing she ) the rest be unimportant , eve you be a advertising man , that 's 1 all I know . you have get taste in clothes ... taste in food ~~ thorneill taste in woman . - ; taste she ) I like you flavor . eve and you be have : clever with word . ° you can probably make they do . anything for you ... sell people thing they do not need , .. make woman who do not know you fall in love with you ... thormhtll oo I be beginning to think I be ao underpaid , os 8-18-58 p.82 and then they come together slowly in a long kiss 96 that might never have end if the docr buzzer cont 'd have not sounded . they break apart , look towards ( 4 ) the doer . thornhill quiskly step inside the lavatory and close the door , as Eve snap on . the overhead light , go to the other door , unlock it and open it . a porter be stand there . eve ( for thornhill 's ear ) oh - the porter . I suppose you want to make up my bed . porter ( enter ) yes , matam . eve ( hold up the key ) be this yours ? I find it on the floor . porter why yes , mar 'am . I have be look all over for tt . as the porter open a lower berth and start make up the bed , Eve take up she handbag and say , for thornhill 's benefit . eve ifill wait outside . she start to open she handbag as she go out to the corridor . 97-98 we int . lavatory 99 thornhill be leok at he face in the mirror and feel he chin . he look around at Eve 's toiletry , see a tiny lady ! safety razor and a tiny shave brush . he pick the rezor up and look from it to himself in the mirror with blank expression . he give a casual half tum as he hear the voice of Eve and the porter . eve' voice thank you , porter . porter' voice thank you , matam . good night now . eve' voice good night . of N North by Northwest chgs. 9-15-58 p.83 then he hear the compartment door be close 99 and lock , and a knock on the lavatory door . a - 2 eve' voice come out , come out , wherever you be . thornhill open the door and step out . 100 out int . drawing room 101 eve ( by way of explanation ) the porter ... thornhill ( notice the open bed ) {he snap off the overhead light ) now where be we ? eve ( move close ) here ? a thornhill ( hold she ) they kiss . thornhill ( murmur ) I see he open the ded . eve yes ... thornhill only one bed . eve yes ... thornhill I think it 's a good omen . do not you ? eve ( sigh ) wonderful . thornhill know what it mean ? eve ( dreamily ) thornhill ( softiy ) tell not . eve it mean ... that you ... ( she look up at he ) uerth by northvest chgs , 10 - 10 - 58 p ,8 % . 101 cont 'd ( 2 ) he give she a look . * thornhill here . take you omen back . Eve kiss he gently on the lip , and as she press she cheek against he , she expression sober for a moment and she eye turn to the door thoughtfully . int . train - another car ' 102 shoot down the corridor , we see the porter move away from we . in he right hand be a fold piece of white paper . a 103 out closer angle - side view of porter 103x1 the camera be now travel with he . when he come to a stop before the door of a draw - room , the camera continue to travel a bit while he press the buzzer , camera be now face the porter . the door open , we do not see the occupant . : . porter ( hold out the plece of paper ) a message from the lady in car thirty -nine-ch-one , a man 's hand emerge and take the note . the porter turn and move away . int . drawing -room 103x2 the man 's hand unfold the note and it fill the screen . it say : '' what do I do with he in the morning ? " ( sign ) . " Eve . ' . full shot of drawing -room 103x3 , Leonard , the secretary of Glen cove , be close the door , turn and hand the note to he master , phillip vandamm , the man whom thornhill have mistakenly assume at Glen cove to be lester townsend , over this , the SOUND of the deisel horn blasting four time . fade out : ~ 8-18-58 = p . 85 fade in : train platform - int . LA salle STREET station - 104 chicago - morning the twentieth century Limited have come to the - end of its run . moving camera reveal passenger get off , luggage heing unload by pullman porter , redcaps swarm over the platform , some of they board the srain , other get off with luggage in hand . and now camera pick up the two detective who board the train the night before . they be confer with other plain - clothesmen and uniform police who have come to meet the train . the man disperse , eyeing the off-going passenger as they take up position . another angle 105 Eve be see get off the train . behind she come a redcap carry she luggage . as we dolly with they along the long , crowded platform towards the terminal , we see that , beneath the red hat and the uniform , the bagrage - smasher , 8 y or " . close shot - the two detective 106 as they see Eve . point of view - from detective 107 Eve epproach , follow by she " redcap . " moving shot - thornhill and eve 108 Eve see the detective up ahead . she slow down , let thornhill draw abreast of she as they walk . . eve ( sotto voce ) keep walk . I will catch up . thorneill yes , mar 'am . the two detective step into she path . she stop . thornhill continue on . 8-18-58 = p . 86 first detective 108 anything to report , miss kendall ? a eve ( with enthusiasm ) why yes . I have a fine night 's sleep . - first detective ( shaking he head with annoyance ) I mean do you happen to see the man we be look for ? eve Mr. thornycroft ? first detective thornhill . eve oh ... no .... I be awfully sorry . ( she smile ) but good luck the you both . she walk away . the two detective look after she with sour expression . . moving shot - with eve and thornhill 109 Eve catch up with she " redcap " , move abreast of he as he struggle with the heavy luggage . eve how're we do ? thornhill ( exhaust ) I may collapse any minute . eve not yet . first we have to run the gauntlet . look. moving point of view - from eve and thornhill 110 Police be line up along the platform up ahead , eyeing everyone who pass . moving shot - with eve and thornhill 112 they move right along under the very eye of the police , talk to each other with a technique that would arouse the approval of any ventriloquist : North by Northwest chgs. 10-10-58 p.87 thornhill ( sweat ) lu I be accustom to have a load cont 'd on ... what have you get in this bag ? ( 2 ) eve bowl ball - naturally . tehorneill which one of this have ny suit in it ? eve . the small zippere affair underneath you right arm . . thornhill that ought to do it a lot of good . eve I be sure Mr. Kaplan will not mind a 's few wrinkle . thornetll if he 's still there . what time be 1t ? eve nine-thirty . thornhill he may have leave he hotel room by now . eve I will call he for you as soon as we get inside the station . th no. I will do it . eve redcap in a phone booth ? slightly suspicious . thorneill all right . you know what to tell he ? : eve you want to see he right away . terribly urgent . matter of life and death . no explanation . thornhill good. North by northvest chgs. 10-10-58 p.88 eve ' no and while I be call , you change cont 'd you clothes . : ( 3 ) thornhill where do you propose I do. that ~- in Marshall field 's window ? eve I sort of have the Men 's room in mind . * thornhill ( give she a look ) '' you now . ( pause ) you be the smartest girl I ever spend the night with on a train . she glance at he with a slight smile . he give she a sour look . closeup = eve : noo as she look ' straight ' ahead again , she expression become thoughtful with a trace of aistress . she turn she head slightly . ext . platform i1ixe in a medium shot , we now see the subject of Eve 's troubled thought : vandamm and Leonard , who be get off they pullman car . they start to walk toward the camera . closeup - eve : 112x3 she glance at thornhill with a trace of sadness in she eye . closeup - thorneill ( from eve' point of view ) 11x4 with a cheerful eye cocked for any sign of danger ahead . ~~ 8-18-58 p.89 the platform up ahead ( from thornhill's point of 111x5 view ) = moving shot there be no police in sight . two shot - thornhill and eve 111x6 thornhill look like we have make it . semi - long shot - the platform - lilx7 there be a commotion around the step of the car from which Eve and thornhill alighted . on the top of the step appear a hatless , middle - age - man in he underwear , sock and shoe . behind he be two uniform policeman push he down the step to the platform . we two detective quickly step forward to question he . at the same time , the two uniform police alight to the platform and complete the smail knot of man surround the uniformless redcap . for a moment we see the hapless redcap gesticulate as he describe how he come to be in this state of undress . then suddenly the police and detective dash away and down the platform toward the main lobby , leave the man stand there in he underwear . close shot - the redcap 1211x6 he watch the depart police , then fish out a few dollar bill frem inside he underwear and count they over . int . MAIN lobby - high angle shot ile . much activity , many people , a profusion of redcaps . if one of they be thornhill , it be difficult to tell . now we see the four minion of the law arrive in the lobby . they dash about , round up redcaps , who submit to examination with much bewilderment . one detective whip off a redcap 's hat . angrily the man snatch it back . another detective spot a redcap who be hurry away , he back to camera . he look very much like thornhill from the rear . the detective grab he , whirl he 8- 18-58 p.90 around , and find himself stare . into a stunne , 112 open mouthful of tooth that definitely do not cont 'd answer to the description of thornhill 's . int . men' room llexl there be considerable activity here . at the row of wash basin stand three man . one be wash he hand , the other be scraping away at he chin with a straight razor , and the third man - thornhill - be busily rub in a foamy lather which cover the lower half of he face . he be in he regular trousers by now , and he jacket hang nearby . at he foot stand Eve 's small zippere bag . the redcap uniform be nowhere to be see . suddenly the door burst ' open and we two detective enter . thornhill and the other man turn at the commotion , casually watch the detective glance about in search - of they quarry . as thornhill turn back to the mirror and continue to lather he face , we hear the SOUND of stall door open and banging close . they mission unaccomplish , the detective go out . thornhill nonchalantly finish he lather , then look down and pick up he razor , which , up to now , we have not see . it be the tiny one belong to Eve . he start to draw it down he cheek , leave the narrowest of line down the lather . then in the mirror he catch sight of the man with the straight razer stare at he in bewilderment . North by Northwest correction 9-16-58 p.91 ext . phone booth in MAIN lobby we see Eve through the Glass door , listen to someone on the phone , write on a memo pad and say a few word of agreement . the camera now begin to TRAVEL along the row of booth , we see various people at telephone . ' the camera comé to a stop outside another booth . thr the glass we see Leonard pbeak : he seem to be issue specific instruction , glance at he wristwatch once . after a pause , he hang up . ext . row of booths a raking shot of the line of booth , sh Eve in the f.g. booth through the glass in the act of hang up . she fold the piece of paper as she rise and emerge from the docth , she head turn away from we . simultaneously , the door of Leonard 's booth open and he step out . without look at Eve , he cross over to vandamm , who be idly glance at a ' Magazine at the newsstand . Leonard murmur something to he , and the two man move ofr . now Eve turn , look about , and react as she see : long shot - point of view thornhill , carry Eve 's small zippere bag , be walk with assume nonchalance across the station . he give a deliberate side glance in Eve 's direction , meaning : " foliow I . " 112x2 out 112ax2 112x3 out 112x4 112x5 North by Northwest chges. 10-10-58 p.92 semi -long shot iexé Eve start to mve across the lobby after thornhill . close shot - thornhill 233 he be . just come to a stop at a secluded spot be - hind a colum . he turn and wait . after a few moment , Eve come into the shot . she have assume a much lighter air . he hand she the zippere bag and several baggage ticket . eve what tock you so long ? thornhill small razor . Big face . ( glance about warily ) do you get Kaplan ? eve yes . thorneill good . what do he say ? . eve re will see you , but not at the hotel under any circumstance . he will meet you on the outside . thornhill where ? when ? : eve : I have get it all write out for a ( she hand he the slip of paper . he study it as she . talk ) you be to take the Greyhound Bus that leave Chicago for Indianapolis at two and ask the driver to let you ert at the prairie stop on High - way 4i , . thornhill ( read ) prairie stop ... highway 41 ... eve about a hour-and - a-half 's drive from Chicago . North by Northwest chgs. 10 - 10 - 58 P. 93 thornhill I can rent a car . eve no car . Mr. Kaplan say bus . he want to be sure you be alone . thornhill all right . what do I do when I get there ? eve just stand beside the road and wait . he will be there at 3:30 . thornhill how will I know he ? eve he will know you . you make the Chicago papers , too . thornhill ah . eve have you get you watch set to Central time ? thornhill I do that . thanks . ( look at she ) what 's the matter . eve matter ? thornhill you . you seem ... I do not know ... tense . eve ( turn away ) you better go . before the police run out of redcaps . thornhill we will see each other again , will not we ? eve ( strain ) sometime ... I be sure ... thornhill ( with tenderness ) I never find a moment to thank you properly . ms North by Northwest chgs. 10-10-58 p.ob eve ( disturb ) 113 please go . . . cg 'd thornhill . but where will I find you ? eve ( evasively ) . I have to pick up my bag now ... he take hold of she , turn she to hin . thornhill please wait a minute ... she look past he . eve _ they be come . thornhill , wmable to see over he shoulder because of the column behind he , give hale e glance and dash off out of the shot . the camera ease over ' and shoot past Eve 's shoulder into the main dobby . there be no police , just a few desultory traveller , Eve turn into the camera and look after the depart thornhill with a unhappy expression . dissolve to : icopter shot ~ ext . highway 4i - ( afternoon ) 11 we start close on a Greyhound bus , shoot down on it and travelling along with it as it speed in a easterly direction at 70 m.p.h . gradually , camera draw away from the bus , go higher but never dosing sight of the vehicle , which recede into the distance below and become a toy-like object on a endless ribbon of desert highway that stretch across mile of flat prairie . now the bus be slow down . it be hearing a junction where a sma 's dirt road come from nowhere cross the highway and continue on to nowhere . the bus stop . a man get out . it be thornhill . but to we he be only a tiny figure . the bus start away , move on out of sight . and now thornhill stand alone beside the road -a tiny figure in the middle of nowhere , North by Northwest add . 8-25-58 p.95 on the ground - with thornhill - ( master scene ) 115-115x1 : he glance about , study he surroundings . the terrain be flat and treeless , even more desolate from this vantage point than it seem from the air . here and there patch of low - grow farm crop add some contour to the land . a hot sun beat down . utter silence hang heavily in the air . ogra glance at he wristwatch . it be 3:25 . in the distance , the faint hum of a motor vehicle be heard . thornhill look off to the west . the hum grow louder as the car draw nearer . thorn - hill step closer to the edge of the highway . a Black sedan loom up , travel at high speed , for a moment we be not sure it 1s not hurtle vight at thornhill . and then it zoom past hin , recede into the distance , become a faint hum , a tiny speck , and then silence again . thornhill take out a handkerchief , mop he face . he be beginning to sweat now . it could be from nervousness , .as well as the heat . another faint hum , come from the east , growing louder as he glance off and see ' another distant speck be - come a speed car , this one a close conver - tible . again , anticipation en thornhill 's face . again , the vague umeasiness of indefinable danger approach at high speed . and again , zoom - a cloud of dust - a car recede into the distance - & paint hum - and silence , his lip tighten . he glance at he watch again . he step out into the middie of the highway , look pirst in one direction , then the other . nothing in sight . he loosen he tie , open he shirt collar , look up at the sun . behind he , in the distance , another vehicle be heard approach . he turn , look off to the west . this one 1s a huge transcontinental move van , roaring toward -him at high speed . with quick apprehension he move off the highway to the dusty side of the road as the van thunder past and disappear . its fading SOUND 1s replace with a new SOUND , the chugging of a old plivver . , thermhill look off in the direction of the approach - ing SOUND , see a flivver near the highway from the intersect dirt road . when the car reach the. highway , it come to a stop . a middle - age woman be behind the wheel . her passenger be a nondescript man of about fifty . he could certainly be a farmer . he get out of the car . it make a 8-25-58 p.96 u-turn and drive off in the direction from which it 115 - 115x1 '' come . thornhill watch the man take up a position cont 'd across the highway from he . the man glance at ( 2 ) thornhill without visible interest , then look off up the highway towards the east as though wait for something to come along . thormhil1 stare at the man , wonder if this be George Kaplan . the man look idly across the highway at thornhill , he face expressionless . thornhill wipe he face with he handkerchief , never take he eye off the man across the highway . the faint SOUND of a approaching plane have gradually come up over the scene . as the SOUND grow louder , thornhill lock up to he leave and see a low - fly biplane approach from the northwest . he watch it with mount interest as it head straight for the spot where he and the stranger face each other across the highway . suddenly it be upon they , only a hundred foot above the ground , and then , like a giant bird , as thornhill turn with the plane 's passage , it fly over they and continue on . thornhill stare after the plane , he back to the highway . when the plane have go several hundred yard beyond the highway , it lose altitude , level off only a few foot above the ground and begin to fly back and forth in straight line parallel to she highway , let loose a trail of powder dust from beneath its fuselage as it go . any farmer would recognize the operation as simple crop - dusting . thornhill leok across the highway , see that the stranger be watch the plane with idle interest . thornhill 's lip set with determination . he cross over and go up to the man . . thorneill hot day . - man see worse . thornhill ' be you ...uh ... by any chance suppose to be meeting someone here ? man ( still watch the plane ) waitin 's for the bus . due any minute . — ore 8-25-58 p.97 thorneill 115-115xx oh ... cont 'd - ( 3 ) man ( idly ) some of they crop-duster pilot get rich , if they live long enough ... ' thornhill then you name be not ... Kaplan . man ( glance at he ) can not say 1t be , ' cause it be not . ( he look off up the highway ) well - here she come , right on time . . thornhill look off to the east , see a Greyhound bus approach . the man peer off at the plane again , and frown . man that 's funny . what thornhill a man that plane 's dustin’ crop where there be not no crop . thornhill look across at the dron plane with grow suspicion as the stranger step out onto the highway and flag the bus to ea step . thornhill turn toward the stranger as though to say some - thing to he . but it be too late . ' the man have board the bus , its door be close and it be pull away . thornhill be alone again . almost immediately , he hear the plane engine be gunned to a higher speed . he glance off sharply , see the plane veer off its parallel course and head towards he . he stand there wide - eye , roote to the spot . the plane roar on , a few foot off the ground . there be two man in the twin cockpit , goggle , unrecognizable , menace . he yell out to they , but he voice 1s lose in the noise of the plane . in a moment it will be upon he and decapitate he . desperately he drop to the ground and press himself flat as the plane zoom over he with a great noise , almost comb he hair with a landing wheel . ' flat and motionle 8-25-58 p.98 thornhill scramble to he foot , see the plane 125 - 115x00 no and turn . he lock about wildly , see cont 'd a telephone pole and dash for it as the plane ( 4 ) come at he again . he duck behind the pole . ~ the plane head straight for he , veer to the right at the last moment . we hear two sharp crack of gunfire mix with the SOUND of the engine , as two bullet slam into the pole just above thornhill 's head . thernhill react to this new peril , see the plane . banking for another run at he . a car be speed along the highway from the west . thornhill dash out onte the read , try to flag the car down but the driver ignore he and race by , leave he expose and vulnerable as the plane roar in on he . he dive into a ditch and roll away as another series of shot be heard and bullet rake the ground that he have just occupy . he get to he foot , look about , see a cornfield about fifty yard from the highway , glance up at the plane make its turn , and decide to make a dash for the cover of the tall - grow corn . shoot down from a ' helicopter about one hundred foot above the ground , we see thornhill towards the cornfield and . the plane in pursuit , shocting from within the cornfield , we see thornhill come crash in , scuttling to the right and lie S as we hear the plane zoom over kim with a burst of gunfire and bullet rip into the corn , but at a safe distance from thornh111 . he raise he head cautiously , gasp for breath , as he hear the plane move off and into its turn , shoot down from the helicopter , we see the plane levelling off and start a run over the corn - field , which betray no sign of the hide thorn - hill . skim over the top of the cornstalk , the plane give forth no burst of gunfire now . instead , it let loose thick cloud of poisonous dust which settle down into the corn . witein the cornfield , thornhill , still lie flat , begin to gasp and choke as the poisonous dust envelop he . tear stream from he eye but he do not dare move as he hear the plane coming over the field again , when the plane zoom by and another cloud of dust hit he , he jump to he foot and crash out into the open , half blind and gasp for breath . Far off down the highway to the right , he sees a huge diesel gasoline - tanker @pproach . he start run towards the highway to intercept it . ty 8-25-58 p.99 shoot from the helicopter , we see thornhill 115-11520c dash for the highway , the plane levelling off cont 'd for another run at he , and the diesel tanker ~ ( 5 ) speed closer . shoot across the highway , we see thornhill run - ning end stumbling toward camera , the plane close in behind he , and the diesel tanker approach from the leave . he dash out into the middie of the highway and wave he arm wildly . the diesel tanker thunder down the highway towards thornhill , klaxon blasting impatiently . the plane speed relentlessly towards thornhill from the field border the highway . '' - thornhill stand alone and helpless in the middle of the highway , wave he arm . the plane draw closer . the tanker be almest upon he , it be not go the stop . he can hear the klaxon blasting he out of the way . there be nothing he can do . the plane have catch up with he . ' the tanker ' will not stop . it 's get to step . he hurl himself to the pavement directly in its path . there be a scream of brake and skidding tire , the roar of the plane engine and then a tremendous boom as the diesel truck grind to a stop inch from thorn - hill 's body just as the plane , hopelessly commit and catch unprepare by the sudden stop , slam into the travel gasoline tanker and plane and gasoline explode into a great sheet of flame . in the next few moment , all be confusion . thorn= hill , unhurt , roll out from under the wheel of the diesel truck . the driver clamber out of the front seat and drop to the highway . Black cloud of smoke billow up from the funeral pyre of the plane and its cremate occupant . we recognize the flame body of one of the man in the jane . it be licht , one or thornhill 's original abductor . ' in elderly open pick - up truck with e second-hand refrigerator stand in it , which have be approach - ing from the east , pull up at the side of the road . its driver , a farmer , jump out and hurry toward the wreckage . farmer what happen ? what happen ? 8-25-58 the diesel truck driver be too daze to answer . plame and smoke drive they all back . thornhill , unnotice , head toward the unoccupy pick - up truck . another car come up from the west , stop , and lts driver run toward the other man . they stare , transfix , at the holocaust . suddenly , from behind they , they hear the pick - up truck's motor starting , the farmer who own the truck turn , and be startle to see he truck be drive away by a utter stranger . . farmer heyi he run after the truck . but the stranger - who be thornhill = step harder on the accelerator and speed off in the direction of Chicago . dissolve to : ext . michigan avenue , chicago - ( night ) . the abandon pick - up truck , with its ponely refrigerator , stand incongruously park among some new and elegant car . a patrolman have open the door and be peer inside . ext . STREET near HOTEL ambassador east a police squaa car be cruise slowly past the entrance tothe ambassador East and ambassador West , which face each other on opposite side of the street . Inside the car , two Police lieu - tenant glance about , eye search the area . camera whip to thornhill , stand in a attitude of concealment inside the doorway of a darken store as he watch the police car drive on . he look quite dishevel , and he suit would not pass muster at , say , twenty one . now he step to . the sidewalk and start walk in the direction of the ambassador East . ext . entrance HOTEL ambassador east thornhill approach the hotel and enter . int . lobby HOTEL ambassador east thornhill cross the lobby to the desk and wait for a clerk to come over . - p.100 125-115xi¢ cont 'd ( 6 ) 115x411 116 117 118 North by Northwest chgs. 10-10-58 p.101 clerk ( eyeing he with 118 . distaste ) : cont'd yes ? - ( 2 ) thornhill could you let I have Mr. George Kaplan 's room number , please ? ~ clerk ( thoughtfully ) _ Kaplan ... ( as he start to one side to consult file : ) I think he check out ... thornhill checked out ? clerk ( return with a file card ) that 's right . checked out at seven-ten this morning . thornhill seven-ten ? be you sure ? clerk yes . Left a forward address ~« Hotel Sheraton - Johnson , rapid City , South dakota . thomhill have take out the slip of paper on which Eve have give he direction to meet Kaplan . thornhill ( talk half to himself ) seven-ten ? then how come I get & message from he at nine- thir ---? clerk what be that ? thornhill nothing , nothing . his eye narrow and he jaw tighten with realization . he erumple the piece of paper into a ball and hurl it away in anger . just then he look up and see Eve , who have come through the entrance to the lobby . she do not see he as she go directly to the news - stand and busy a evening paper . thornhill draw pack , watch she unobserve as she glance quickly at the front page while hurry to a North by Northwest chgs. 10- 10-58 p.102 wait elevator . she step in , the door close 118 and the elevator start up . thornhill watch cont'd the floor indicator until the elevator stop . — ( 3 ) then he turn back to the clerk . thorneill sorry to bother you again . clerk uh huh . thornhill miss Eve kendall be expect I . room four-something - or - other . I have forget the number . would you mind ? the clerk step to one side , examine he listing , then return to thornhill . clerk : she 's in four-sixty - three . . . thornhill thanks . . he hurry toward the elevator as the clerk look after he . quick dissolve to : HOTEL corridor - FOURTH floor igo thornhill approach the door to 463 , look up and down the corridor if for no other reason than to indicate to we that he have now become suspicious , cautious and surreptitious in matter pertain to Eve . he put a ear to she door , listen , hear nothing . he press the buzzer and wait . presently the door open and she see he stand before she . her eye widen . she be too stunne to say anything . thornhill ( pleasantly ) hello . he go right past she into the room . North by Northwest chgs. 10-10-58 p.103 int . eve' HOTEL room 120 Eve tum , stare st thornhill as she close . the door behind he . if he back be not to she , he would see the mix emotion on she face = not just surprise , but overwhelming relief , too . but relief be not something she ean afford to reveal too strongly , because that woule indicate that there be something to Le relieved about . she be almost completely control by the time thornhill turn to she , after a very brief moment in which he darting glance have take in the room , and the open door tc the bathroom , and notice nothing - worthy of apprehension . : thornhill surprise ? eve yes . she stare at he , still shake . thornhill no get rid of I , be there ? . suddenly Eve go up to he , put she arm around hin , hold he close and press she face to he breast . be it tenderness and relief , or merely the need to hide from the double - edge meaning of he last remark ? thornhill put he hend on she , but without be ee he know he be on to something now , and he intend play it cool , occasionally he deep down anger will make he say incautious thing he ought not to say if he intend : to disarm the girl = and just as occasionally , he will be even warner than he intend to be . he can not help like this female a little bit , even while would like to slug she . it 's because he remember last night . it 's because , also , she happen to be of the opposite sex . North by Northwest chgs. 6-27-58 p.10 b thorneill 120 T need a drink . ‘ay 2 eve : T have some scotch . thorneill with water . no ice . Eve disengage herself trom he and go over to a table where drink thing be set up . thorne hill take the opportunity to saunter over to a chair where the newspaper have be throw . the front - page story be plainly visible : two die as crof duster plane crash low-fly craft hit of 41 tanker . ariver escape holocaust . during this , and while Eve be m drink , they be taukinas mixing , eve ( too casually ) how do it go today ? thornhill the meeting with Kaplan ? eve uh-huh . thornaill ( just as casually ) he do not show up. eve oh ? thornhill ( stare at she back ) funny , be not it ? eve ( after e slight pause ) why funny ? thornhill after all that very involved and very explicit direction he give you on the phone . eve : . maybe I copy they dom wrong . thornhill I do not think you get they wrong I think you send I to the right place all right .. 8- 25 - 58 = p.105 he could not resist that one . portunately for Eve , 120 she face be not turn to he , and she can always cont 'd fumble with glass and stir rod , . ( 3 ) eve why not call he again and see what happen ? thorneill I do , he check out , go to South dakota . eve South dakota ? tho ! rapid City . eve ( after a moment ) what be you go to do next ? thorneill . I have not make up my mind yet . it may depend on you . on this , Eve turn , with the drink in she hand . on I ? she walk up to he . thornhill you be my little helper , be not you ? he take a glass from she , all the while stare into she eye . thorneill to we . ( he touch he glass to hers ) to a long and last friendship ... ( he take a sip meaning , from now on , I be not go to let you cut of my sight , sweetheart . eve ohide in she glass I be afraid you be go to have to , thornhill . thornhill ( shake he head ) North by nerthwest add 8-26-58 p.106 . eve ( turn away ) 120 I do have plan of my own , you . cont 'd know = and you do have problem . ( 4 ) thornhill take a long drag on he drink before he speak , and once again he engrave each word on a gillette Blue blade . thorneill would not it be nice if oy problem and you plan be somehow ... connect ? ( ner Quick glance find he face smile softly , nay lov : ) then we could stay close to each other from here on in and not have to go off in separate direction . togetherness . know what I mean ? Eve stare at he for a moment say nothing , and be save by the bell as the phone ring . she glance at 1t , but make no move to answer it . thornhill go ahead . it can not be for I , she hesitates uncertainly . the phone ring again . * he make a move as though he will answer it . quickly Eve walk over to the night - table between the bed and pick up the phone , while thornhill ssaunter around the room just as though he be not utterly alert and keenly interested in every monosyllable of she tightly - control conversation . eve ( to phone ) eello ? ( listen ) yes. ( listen ) no , do not . I be not dress yet . ( listen ) what time ? ( listen ) I will meet you . ( listen ) what 's the address ? ( she take up a pencil , write something down on a memo pad as she listen . thornhill observe this out of the corner of he glance ) all right. ( iisten ) ( listen ) Goodbye . North by Northwest chgs. 10-10-58 p.107 she hang up , tear off the page on which she hes 120 write something , walk over to she handbag on cont'd the gresser and put the slip of paper inside , - ( 5 ) I see a gun in she handbag . thornhill Business ? . eve yes. thornhill industrial design business ? eve mm hmmm . he go up behind she , put he hand about she waist . ( the nice thing about this kind of cate andemouse work be that you can enjoy yourself while you be do it , because it 's part of the game . ) Eve be disturb by the nearness of he , and he hand on she . thornhill all work and ' no play . girl like you should be enjoy herself tonight instead of take phone call from client . how about dinner with I just for opener ? eve you can not afford to be see anywhere . - thornhill what 's wrong with up here ? we own little Pump room for two . Eve pull out of he grasp , move away from hin . eve no ...1 ... I can not . thorneill ( easily ) I insist . : Eve be in a spot . she get control of herself be - fore she tum to he . but a little desperation go creep through in she voice . eve I want you to do I a favor , thornhill - a big , big favor . thornhill name it . North by Northwest chgs. 10-10-58 p.108 eve 120 I want you to leave , right now . cont'd stay far away from I and do not ( 4 ) come near I again . we be no : . go to get involved , last night be last night and that 's all there be , that 's all there be , there be not go to be anything nore a between we . so please - goodbye good luck , no conversation . jus¢ leave . thornhill ( utterly unperturb ) right away ? eve yes. thornhill no question ask ? eve yes . thornhill look at she . a moment . she want to get rid of he . she 's Zot to get rid of nim . that 's for sure . he shake he head . thorneill unh-uh . . eve please ... thornhill 4tter dinner , eve now . thornhill ( firmly ) after dinner . Fair be fair . Eve 's lip tighten , but she be careful not to betray the urgency of she situation . the wheel go round for a moment as she look at he . then , she make &@ decision , soften she expression , and smile . eve all right . on one condition . ( she go up to he , touch he rumple , dirty suit ) you have get to let the hotel valet ge someth with that suit first , ou belong e stockvard look like that . 8-26-58 p.109 thornhill ( shrug ) 120 I be very large with pig this cont 'd year . - ( 7 ) eve ( point ) there 's the phone . she turn to the mirror and start to fix she hair . thornhill go over to the bed , sit down and put he hand on the phone but do not pick it up . he be think fast . with a cautious glance over he shoulder , he slide he hand to the memo pad beside the phone and tilt it slightly . he see something there on the pad but we do not see what it 1s . now he pick up the phone . thornhill ( to phone ) valet service please ... valet ? ' this be ...uh , .. eve four sixty - three . thornhill ( to phene ) this be room four sixty - three . how long would it take to get a suit sponge and press real fast ?... twenty minute ? pine ... four sixty - three : ) he hang up he will be right up . eve better take you thing off . ner ) thornhill ( go up to er ) . what be I go to do with my ? clothes off for twenty minute ? ( a afterthought , as he gaze at she reflection in the mirror ) could not he take a hour ? eve ( turn , practically in he arm ) you could always take a cold shower . she start to help he off with he jacket as he take he thing out of he pocket and place they on the dresser . both of they be play it just 8-26-58 p.110 as though they be up to nothing but good , clean , 120 healthy love -play . > thornhill when I be a little boy , I never even let my mother undress I . eve ( peel off the jacket ) well , you be a big boy now . she toss the jacket on the bed , turn back to he , put she hand on he belt buckle , start to unfasten it . he take she hand in he . thornhill how do a girl like you ever get to be a girl like you ? eve lucky , I guess . thornhill not lucky - wick ... naughty .... up to no good .... ever kill anyone ? ( instantly Eve 's expression change . he have go too gangerousiy far : quickly he take the curse off the remark ) Bet you could tease a man to death without even try . jhe pat she cheek ) so stop try , hn ? he start toward the bathroom , undoing the belt buckle himself as he go . the door buzzer sound . Eve go to the door , open it , let the valet in . eve ( to the valet ) be righk with you . tshe go to the half open tathroom door ) trousers , please , thornhill 's hand come out with the trousers , Eve take they , pick up the jacket on the bed , give the suit to the valet and clese the door . behind he . from the bathroon she hear thornhill's voice call out to she : thornhill's voice think I will take that cold shower after all . 8-26-58 eve good . next she hear the shower be turned on , then tho be voice raise in a loud , shower -stall pendition of " the night they invent Champagne . " immediately , and with urgent haste , Eve prepare to leave . " she go to the closet , get the jacket of she suit , put it on . then from a dresser drawer she take some paper and stuff then into she handbag , darting occasional glance toward her glance falis on thornhili 's belonging , which he have remove from he pocket . a chosen ving matchbook . Eve 's hand set the match aside , pick up the tear newspaper photograph , hold it long enough for quick study and put 4 % down again . in a wider angle she turn , and , with a@ final glance around , start out of the room . int . bathroom thornhill be not in the shower after all , in shirt , tie , short , sock and shoe , he have be stand at the crack in the door peer out at Eve 's furtive activity while sing lustily , the shower spraying away busily behing he . now he hear the outer door close as Eve make she close shot ~ thornhill . as he open the bathroom door wider , step out into the room . it 4s clear from he expression that he have not really be dupe , but rather have be ahead of this little game all along . he gee to the night - table , pick up the memo pad on which Eve have make &@ notation and remove the top sheet . he pick up @ pene ] and in a ser angle we see he trace in the indentation leat by Eve 's pencil . t+ read : " 1212 N , michigan . " dissolve to : p.112 120 cont 'd ( 9 ) 121 122 i ext . michigan ave . , chicago = ( night ) North by Northwest ches. 10-27-58 p.112 122x1 a taxi pull up and thornhill step out . ( ris . suit be in fine shape now . ) he glance about , see that he have the right address , and move across the sidewalk , closer angle - ext , shaw & oppenheim galleriz 123 the light windoy ef a rather elegant art gallery . a sign in the window announce : " auction tonight ~ 8:00 pm . furniture and objet d'art from the collection of dr . orlando mendoza " over the door , the buile number : " 1212 , " thorn= — hill frown , puzzle , take out the slip of paper , look up at the number again , then decide to go inside , int . shaw & oppenheim galleries auctioneer thank you , sir , four 124 close shot - vandamn 's finger hundred fifty dollar gently nove over the soft be bid for the pair , flesh of Eve 's neck , camera can I hear five hundred , will you say five hundred , can I say the five hundred , fair warning and last call -- sell to you , Stone second row , dangle . on the stage the chair draw back to include Eve seat , vandann stand behind she and Leonard beyond then seat ona low table , he leg at th the room be a raise platfora on which a auctioneer and he assistant , with the aid of portable microphone , be e far end of be remove as lot 103 , a go about the business of aubusson settee be bring unload verious objet d'art . onto the stage . elderly man dn black dust - jacket pass the item from the wing onto the stage , one piece at a time , where each object be then auction off at the leisurely pace which distinguish the sale of 19th century french painting from the sale of 20th century american tobacco . most of the hundred - odd spectator at the auct fold ch ' don be seat on air in the center of the room , move along the tsornsibe zt can rent a car , . eve no car . Mr , Kaplan say bus , he want to be sure you be alone , thornhill " all right . what do T do when I get there ? eve just stand beside the road and wait . he will be there at three - thirty , thornhill how will I know he ? eve : ee will kmow you . you make the Chicago paper too , teorneill ah . ' eve have you get you watch set to Central .time ? thorneill yes . ( look at she ) what 's the matter ? eve matter ? thornhill you . you seem ... I do not know ... tense . . eve ( turn away ) you better go . before the police tun out of redcaps . thornhill we will see each other again , will not we ? . eve ( strain ) sometime ... I be sure ... thornhill ( with tenderness ) I never find a moment to thank you properly . auctioneer ( continue ) the three hundred , say three hundred , three hundred be bid , thank you , do I hear three - hundrea and fifty ? Three hundred and fifty , may I have three hundred and fifty , three hundred , three hundred twice , third and last call do I hear three - hundred and fifty ? sold ! Mr. echart three hundred , the barometer be remove and dot 105 4s bring . auctioneer now , lady and gentlemen - number 105 , a excellent example of pre-columbian art . it date from about 1000 a.d , a tarascan warrior from the State of kolemia , in Mexico . May I hear a start bid worthy of this fine art piece ? ‘ho will say one thousand dollar to start ? the gentleman here suggest five hundred , North by Northwest ches. 10-27-58 ' thornhill ( bitterly at Eve ) I be just go to say that to she , Eve stare straight ahead . vandamm gaze off at the auctioneer . . ~ vandamm , I have always understand you to be a pretty shrewd fellow at you job . what possess you to come blunder in here like this ? could it be a ore ppower ing interest in be - thornhill * yes . the art of survival . ( a quick shaft at * Leonard ) 3 pour any good drunk lately ?. - eve ( in a hollow voice , to vandarm ) he follow I here fron the hotel . leonard ( to Eve ) he be 4n you room ? she nod . vandamm react with displeasure , thornhill ( with contempt ) sure . be not everybody ? at this time , the auctioneer' voice be heard announce item number 105 . he proceed to describe it . it 4s a pre- columbian figure of a tarascan warrior from the State of kolemia , Mexico , approximate date , 1000 a.d. 's during this , a attendant have be walk about show the figure to the spectator . Leonard tap the monentarily distract vandamm on the shoulder and point to the figure . vandamn glance at it quickly , look up at Leonard and say : polly 124 cont'd q ) auctioneer ( continue ) all right , that 's a start . now say one thousand . I have five hundred dollar , may I say - the thousand . seven-hund and fifty - be offer . thank you , now say the thousand . one thousand be bid , make it twelve hundred and fifty . eleven hundred you say ? all right I have eleven hundred bid , make it twelve hundred - twelve hundred dollar there . now thirteen be here , fourteen hundred be - auctioneer ( o.8 . ) Fifteen hundred I and bid , who will say seventeen fifty - do I hear seventeen fifty ? auctioneer ( o.s. ) seventeen fifty be bid . say two thousand -- two thousand anyone - do I hear two thousand -= seventeen fifty be bid . seventeen fifty , be you all through at seventeen fifty -- sold then to hr. vandamm at seventeen titty . the tarascan piece be remove and lot 106 , the Louis XV curio cabinet be bring in . North by Northwest : ches. 10-27-58 p15 vandamm 124 yes . . cont 'd ( 4 ) thornhill ( to vandamm ) . I do not realize you be a art collector . think you just .. collect corpse . : the bid have start . vandamh ( to Leonard , quietly ) Fifteen hundred . .- Leonard make a silent signal to the auctioneer . thornhill ( leok down at Eve ) I will bet you pay plenty : for this little piece of en-sculpture < -- vandamh ( to Leonard ) seventeen fifty . Eve be visibly suffer . thorneill ( continue ) she 's worth every dollar , take it from I . she really put she heart into she work . in fact she whole body . {a quick glance at Leonard ) and where 's do he keep Zou - in a curio cabinet ? thornhill react to the auction - eer 's mention of vandamn 's name . thornhill ( hearing the name ) vandamm , huh ? auctioneer number 106 -- for you pleasure be this Louis XV curio cabinet of gold and bronze dore with vernis Martin figure decoration and landscape painting . who will say five hundred dollar to start the bid , five hundred dollar for it . five hundred dollar . for 4t . all right I 'l accept you start of '' two hundred dollar , two hundred be bid , go three , two fifty I have , say three , two fifty I have say three hundred , three hundred now go four , three go four , three go four , three go four , three twenty - five be bid say fifty , three fifty I have , say ' four , three hundred and fifty go four hundred , three hundred and fifty say three seventy - five , three hundred fifty say seventy - five . do not lese it for twenty - five dollar ; thank you three hundred and seven - ty-five be bid . I have three hundred and seventy - five dollar go the four hundred . Three seventy - five go four . four hundred dollar be bid . say four hundred and twenty - five . four hundred twenty five once , four hundred twenty - five twice , ast call at four hundred twenty - five , sold to the lady in the fourth row for four hundred dollar . the Louis XV cabinet be be - move and lot # 107 be ' bring in . North by Northwest hes . 10-27-58 p.116 vandama ( turn to '' 126 thornhill ) cont ' D have anyone ever tell you ( 5 ) that you overplay you various role rather severely , Mr. Kaplan ? first you be the outrage madison Avenue man who claim he have be mistaken for someone else . then you play a fugitive from justice , supposedly try to clear he name of a crime he know he do not commit . and now , you play the peevish lover , stung by jealousy and betrayal . ( a chilly smile ) seem to I you fellow could stand a little less training from the f.8.i. and a little more from the actor ' studito . thornhill apparently the only per - formance that 's go to satisfy you be when I play dead , vandamm ( gently ) you very next role , you will be quite con - vincing , I assure you , Leonard have already stare out of the room the arrange that . thorneill ( watch he go ) I wonder what subtle forn of manslaughter be next on the program . a I go to be drop into a vat of miten steel and become pert of some new skyscraper ? ( look at Eve ) or be you go to ask this . , , female to kiss I again and poison I to death ? auctioneer and new lady and gentleman we offer catalogue number 107 - this rare marcolini meissen compote , acquire by Dr , mendoza from the estate of the comtesse de chivre . how much to start the bid on this collector 's porcelain ? five hundred , madam ? that 's a extremely low start and should prompt spirite bid - ding . six ? six - hundred I have , now the seven , sever hundred I have thank you say eight . May I direct you attention to the mag - nificent repousse flower on this out - stand example . eight hundred dollar there nine hunére in . the front . one thousand be bid on the far side . eleven hundred dollar be here now , say the twelve , twelve hundére doliar there . twelve hundred be bid say thirteen hundred nay i_hear thirteen hundred please , fair sell at twelve hundred , do I hear thirteen hundred . last call , sell twelve hundred dollar . thank you . the marcolini meissen com - pote be remove and lot 108 , the Vienna plates , be display . auctioneer number 108 - we offer you now tweive Royal Vienna plates , mag - nificently hand - decorate with por - trait of Court North by Northwest 10-27-58 chges , Eve get to she foot , turn and slap he in the face . he grab she wrist and they stare at each other for a moment . - thornhill ( with contempt ) who be you kid ? you 's rave no feeling to hurt . he firmly press she back down into she seat . during this , a man in the audience nearby be half turn , as though he have be observe the entire altercation . zy 4s the Professor of the c.l . vandamm ( angrily ) Mr. Kaplan -- thornhill ( turn on he ) look , vandamm , I do not know why you want I dead , but this I -- vandam ! ( interrupt ) -+ we have have just about enough of you .. thornhill then why do not you call the police ? no - that 's the last thing you want - I in the hand of the porice . there 's something might tell then , huh ? that 's why you have this one here hustle I on the train last night , like the good little in designer that she be . well , something telis I I have get a much better chance of survival if T '' to the police . and the nere fact that you do not want I to be enough for I . ( to Eve ) goodnight , sweetheart . do not think it have not be nice . dustrial p17 124 cont 'd ( 6 ) a '' auctioneer ( continue ) beauty . how much a piece and take the lot . thirty a piece be bid all over the house . thirty - five , say forty , forty go forty - five , forty - five I have go fifty - fifty go five fifty go five , firty be here say fifty - five , fifty dollar a piece say fiftyr five , anymore , Sir ? sold then for fifty dollar a piece . the plate be take out as a painting be bring auctioneer catalogue number 109 . a superb example of thia early 19th cen - 's < ury master , it will enhance any collection of fine art . what be your. pleasure ? how much to start ? one thousand be bid , twelve - fifty I have , fifteen hundred , fifteen hundred be . bid , say seventeen fifty , I have seven - teen - fifty , two thousand be bid -- North by Northwest chgs. 10-27-58 p,1174 he walk away from they and - 124 go toward the entrance in cont 'd the rear . but he do not ( 6a ) get very far before he stop . stand inside the doorway wait for he be valerian the U.N. assassin , thornhill turn , look about , and sees , down the aisle , the step to the auctioneer 's stage where man be bring on a piece of furniture for auction , he start down the aisle with the intention of make he way out through the back , then he slow down as he sees Leonard step out of the " wing " of the stage . Leonard look at he steadily , and then withdraw signif - ieantly . thornhill look about he with desperation , then quickly slip into a nearby seat among the spectator , at this moment , vandamm and Eve depart . thornhill turn he attention to the platform , wiere the auctioneer have a painting on the block , ( note : pick up dialogue in script . ) auctioneer I have two thousand . do I hear twenty - five ? . , . twenty - five hundred please bt twenty -two-fifty . thank you . I hear twenty - five ? wes . twenty-two-fifty once . twenty -twor ) fifty twice . last call ... thornhill ( shout ) Fifteen hundred ! North by Northwest chgs. 10-27-58 auctioneer ( startle ) the bid be already up to twenty - two -fifty , sir , thornhill T still say fifteen hundred ! head turn toward he angrily . but thornhill be _ concerned only about escape the fate valerian and Leonard have reserve for he . auctioneer ( recover ) I have twenty - two-fifty . do I hear twenty - five hundred ?.... twenty - two -fifty once , twenty -two -fifty twicescee thornhill twelve hundred ! auctioneer 's ( quickly ) sold for twenty - two-fifty . and row ~= p.1178 224 cont'd ( 6b ) 8- 27 - 58 = p.118 thornhill ( loudly ) 126 twenty -two -fifty for that chromo ? cont 'd ( 7 ) auctioneer ( ignore he ) with - number one hundred sixteen in the catalogue ... -( as attendant bring out a chaise longue ) " a Louis xiv carve and paint light de os . " kindly observe the mould 's '' the carve , freee stand column at each corner and the flute , taper leg . will somebody start the bid at seven - hundred - and -fifty dollar please ? thornhill how do we know it 's not a fake ? it look like a fake ! a elderly woman seat directly in front of thornhill turn and glare at he . . woman qne thing we know : sour no fake . you be a genuine idiot . thornhill thank you . auctioneer : I wonder if I could respectfully ask the gentleman to get into ime spirit of the proceedings ere . thornhill all right . I will start it at eight . auctioneer ' eight hundred dollar . thank you . nine hundred ... one. thousand I have . do twelve . thorneill eleven ! auctioneer eleven be bid . go twelve . who will ' say twelve ? eleven once . who will say twelve ? eleven twice . twelve . thank you . twelve be bid . I have twelve . go thirteen . who will say thirteen ? 8-27-58 p.119 thornhill 124 thirteen dollar ! > auctioneer you mean thirteen hundred , sir ? I there doll which mean een dollar ic be more than it 's worth ! the auctioneer will continue he work , but he assistant will now reach for the phone on he desk and make a hurried call , which will not go une notice by thornhill . auctioneer twelve hundred I have . go thirteen . _ who will say thirteen ? twelve -fifty ? twelve hundred once . ' twelve hundred twice . last call . twelve hundred . . . thorneill two thousand ! auctioneer ( a little stumn ) two thousand ? thornhill twenty-oneehundred ! auctioneer I be sorry , sir , but we can not -- thornhill make it twenty - five hundred ! by this time a angry mocmur be rise from the spectator . someone shout : " ask he to leave ! '' a wmiferm male attendant be move down the aisle toward thornhill . valerian and Leonard , in they separate position , be glance about uncertainly . * auctioneer would the gentleman please cooperate ? assistant auctioneer try to restore order ) the last bid be twelve-hundred . | thornaill twenty - five hundred ! my money be as good as anybody 's ! North by Northwest chgs. 924-58 f.120 auctioneer 124 1 have twelve hundred once ... cont 'd twelve hundred twice ... ( 9 ) thornhill . Three thousand ! auctioneer last call . sold for twelve hundred . thornhill ( leaping to he foot ) you be not go to get away with shis ! by this time the unifcrme attendant have reach thornhill 's rew of seat , push into the row and grab he by the arm . teornhill let go of I ! get you hand off I or I will sue ! now the place be really in a uproar . spectator push thornhill into the aisle . ee grapples with the attendant eas woman ' cry out in alarm . two police efficer come run in through the entrance . thornhill notice this with a pleased expression , haul back and let the attendant have a good one on the jaw . the man go reele - ing back into the crowd , bounce back and let fly a swing at thornhill , who duck , move in and wrestle he to the floor . during this , just after the police arrive , the Professor ud and guickly walk out . tne police now reacn tne eertart seize th hormhill and pull he to he foot . first officer all right now ... thorneill what take you so long ? second officer ( pull hin toward the door ) let 's take a little walk ... thorneill wait a minute ... second officer get move . thornhill zi have not finish bid yet ... North by Northwest ches. 9 - 11 - 58 = plisd . first officer ( drag iu ' ~ he along ) cont 'd yo yeah , yeah . - ( 10 ) ' . thornhill ( struggle ) ry Three thousand ! it 's ming for three thousand ! near the entrance they approach valerian , stand . ' iag there completely frustrated . thornhill flash qn epclogetic smile as he be drag by . thorneill ; sorry , old man , but keep try . ' valerian watch without expression as thornhill , be escort safely past he , another angle 124x2 ' thornhill and the two policeman continue through the lobby . behind they be a telephone booth . we ' see the Professor stand beside it watch : thor be take out , after they have pass he , the Professor sldnce after they briefly , then '' ~ go into the booth and close the door , . ' ext . shaw & oppeneeim galleries 125 : the police emerge from the building with thornhill ' and hurry he toward a patrol car park at the curb , } , thorneill 1 randle with care , fella .. , ' first officer ( open rear door ) ' in there , thornhill '' eool be valuable property , , first officer in . he push thornhill into the car . , int . patrol car 126 's thornhill land on the rear seat and the first officer p join he , while the other cop get behind the wheel . '' ~~ thorneill T want to thanie you boy for save my life -. 8-27-58 p1202 pirst officer ( grurriy ) 126 save it for the station-house . a 2 the car start away . . - thornhill ( buoyantly ) come on . let 's see some smile and good cheer . you be about to become herce . know whe I be ? first officer ( disinterested ) we will find out as soon as we book ya for bein ' drunk and disorderly . thornhill . drunk and disorderly ? that 's chicken feed . you have hit the jackpot , sergeant . . a ' as the sergeant give he a bored look ) " Chicago police capture United Nations slayer . '' row the look be net so bored . thornhili hand batt - believe - sergeant ) he wallet : say : thornhill Roger thornhill be the name . take I to you leader . while the sergeant be quickly look over thernhill 's identification card , the officer behind the wheel ick up a newspaper , glance at it , turn back to loci at thornhill and second officer it 's him} . in the back seat , the sergeant lean forward , stare off screen at the paper , then turn and look at thornhill . trornaill congratulation , man . first officer ( awed ) yeah .... . the man behind the wheel have take up the tele - teceiver on the dashboard and put ina call to headquarters . ( the phone be similar to household instrument . we can ear only one end of the conversation . ) during this , thornhill sit back , with smug expression . 8-27-58 =p. 123 second officer ( to phone ) 126 this be one oh five five . sergeant cont'd flamm . we get a man here answer - ( 3 to the description of thornhill , Roger . code seventy six . want by nypd . positive i.d , ( listen ) absolutely . no question . ( listen ) Michigan Avenue . proceed west to forty - second precinct . ( listen ) what ? - ( listen ) come again ? ( listen ) ya sure ? ( listen ) * ( 1asten } right. ( listen ) yeah . I get it . ( listen ) one oh five five off end clear , he hang up , make a swift u-turn and speed off in the opposite direction , first officer ( startle ) where we goin ' ? second officer ( deject ) the airport . . first officer for what ? second officer ( disgust ) order . thorneill just a second here . I be not go to any airport . I want to be take to police headquarters . second officer ya do , huh ? North by Northwest chgs. = 1o -14=58 p.12h thorneill ( lean forward ) 126 why do you think I send for you cont ' D fellow ? . & sv ajess eds ste , with about this guy ley ? he send for we . , first officer ( thornhill back ) maine sit back . thorneill do you hear what I say ? I want to be take to police headquarters ! I be a dangerous ' @ $ sassin ! I 'ma mad er on the loose ! . second officer you oughta be ashamed of yoursel , dissolve to : * ext . midway airport , ceicago - night 127 the police car prlis up ; stop . the two police get out . thornhill get out . they walk he into the terminal . in the background , the SOUND of plane taking off , int . northwest airline termtnal 127xl they enter , and the police escort thornhill to the information counter . . second officer they say right here . thorneill ( grumble ) do anybody mind if T sit down ? i have be rume all day . just then , the police see a mn push through the door towards then . it be the Professor . he be breathless as he go up to the information desk , give thornhill and the police a quickie glance as he go . we see the Professor lean over the desk and moraur something to the clerk , who nod , acknowledge he and imediately hand he a envelope of plane ticket . the clerk lean over he desk and point down the terminal 6-28-58 building . the Professor turn and approach the group , still cut of breath . ' the camera move into @ closer angle . the Professor fumble in bis pocket , bring out a identifteation , - fering he show to the Police , all the while sey : - . professor of never think I would make it . get too old for this kind of work . ( he glance at thornhill ) all right . thank you , man . ( take thornhill by the arm ) let 's go , Mr. thornhill . we have not much time . this way be more private . the following scene will be played in a fast - moving dolly shot as the professor escort thorneill away from the police through the terminal , along a ramp , through a gate and across the field toward a waiting passenger plane . movement will come to a halt only where indicate . : thorneill I do not think I catch you name . professor I do not think I pitch it . thornalll you be police , be not you ? or 4s it f.b.i .? professor f.b.1 ...C.1.A....0. nol ... we be &ll in the same alphabet Soup . thorneill well , put this in you alphabet soup : TI bad nothing to do with that United Nations killinge . : professor we know that . - teornelll ( slow down ) you do ? professor ( bump a passerby ) sorry . p.125 - 1277 cont'd ( 2 ) ga28-98 7.126 thornaill 127 % then what 's the idea of the cont 'd police chase I all over the . ( 3 ) map ? . professor we never interfere with the police unless absolutely necessary . it have become necessary . thorneill I take its then , I be to be clear . professor ( take he arn I do wish you would walk faster , Mr. thornhill . wetll miss the plane thorneill ( walk faster ) : where be we go == New York or Washington ? fessor pro ! rapid City , South dakota . throrneill ( suspicious ) rapid City ? what for ? professor . it 's near mt. rushmore . . thornelll I have already see mt. rushmore . : professor so have you friend Mr. vanden . thorneill ( slow down again ) vandanm ? professor ( wrily ) & rather formidable gentleman , eh ? thornaill ( with venom ) and what about that treacherous tramp with he ... professor miss kendall ? North by Northwest . chgs. 9-22-58 p.127 thorneill 127 % yeah . cont 'd ( 4 ) professor his mistress . we kmow all about she . thornhill ( bridl at this ) what 's vandamm up to ? professor ( evasively } let 's say he 's a kind of ... importer -exporter . thornhill of what ? professor oh ... you could say ... government secret perhaps ? thornhill why do not you grab he ? professor . too much we still do not know about he organization . thornhill uh-huh . well what 's mt. rushmore get to do with all this ? frofessor vandamm have a place near there . we think it 's he jump off point to leave the country tomorrow night . thornhill and you be go to stop he ... professor no. thornhill ( puzzle ) then ... what be we go there for ? professor to set he mind at ease about George Kaplan . thornhill glance sharply at the Professor and peer at he for a moment . thornhill you , huh ? professor eh ? thornhill ( a statement ) you be George Kaplan , be not you ... - North by Northwest chgs . 9-5=58 p.128 professor ( blandly ) 12772 oh no , Mr. thornhill . there be cont 'd mo such person as George Kaplan . ( 5 ) thornhill come to a dead stop . . thornhill 28 no such person ? professor come . we will talk on the plane . thornhill but I have be in he hotel room ! I have try on he clothes ! he 's get short sleeve and ... and dandruff ! professor believe I , Mr. thornhill , he do not exist . which be why I be go to have to ask xe to go on deing he for another twenty - four se . thornhill point a protest finger at the Professor . just as he mouth open , there be the sudden roar of engine as a plane revs up and prepare to taxt away from the nearby ramp . thornhill lock across at the plane with annoyance . . the plane 128 as it start to taxi away , its four engine create a@ storm of noise and wind . oo mo . long shot - thornhill and the professor 129 the two man be talk at each other , the Professor calmly , thornhill gesticulate , argue , deny , insist , protest . the Professor keep tug gently on thornhill 's arm , try to move he along as he explain . as they start walk again , toward camera , they continue to talk to each other . we have heard none of this conversation , because distance from camera and the noise of the plane taxiing away have intervened .... long enough for the Professor to give thornhill a brief outline of the George Kaplan plan which we learn about in Washington . as the two man approach camera and walk through the gate onto the field , where another passenger plane stand wait , the frofessor appear to be make a appeal , and ) , North by Northwest chgs. 9-23-58 p.129 thornhill be shaking he head vigorously . they have 129 walk into a tighter two - shot and the SOUND of the cont'd taxiing plane have fade away . we can hear they now . ( 2 ) thornhill look ~ you start this crazy decoy business without I ! finish it without I !... professor . and well we might have if you have not stumble into it ... thornhill «eet think you should give I a medal and a v long vacation stead of as . I to go on - be a target just so that you number one , or whatever you call he , do not get shot at ! professor not shot at , Mr. thornhill - found out . once he 's find out , he 's as good as dead . and thanic to you cloud of suspicion be form =e thornhill thanks to I --! professor if you will get on the plane -- thornhill I be a advertising man , not a red herring ! I have get a job , a secretary , a mother , two ex - wife and several bartender wait for I , and I do not intend to disappoint they all and get myself slightly kill by play the man in the gray~ flannel cloak - and - dagger . ' the answer be no ! professor be that final ? thornhill yes ! the Professor look at he for a moment , then hold out . he hand . - professor Goodbye then. {as thornhill take the hand uncertainiy ) cn mm teva North by Northwest chgs . 10=+13-58 professor ( cont would ) if I think there be any chance of change you mind , I would talk about - miss kendall , whom you obviously disapprove of for good reason ... ' thornhill ( savagely ) yeah - far use sex like some people use a fly-swatter ... for try to have I exterminate ... - professor I do not suppose it would matter to you that she be probably of to do whatever she do ... in order to protect herself . thorneill ( almost a sneer ) protect herself from what ? . professor ( slowly ) suspicion ... exposure , . assassination . ( thornhill ) stare at he ) forgive I for refer to we number one as a man , Mr. thornhill . it 's about all j.can do to help keep she safe while she 's in all this terrible danger ... close shot - thornhill turn to camera , eye fill with emotion as he shake he head slowly , try to throw off the pain of he confuse feeling . professor's voice ( o.s. ) I imow you do not mean to , but I be afraid you have put she in a mst delicate situation - and much more than she life be at stake ... during this , another plane have be arrive , its landing light slowly increase the illumination on thornhill 's stricken face and the background behind he . the SOUND of the engine RI p.130 129 cont 'd ( 3 ) 130 as though illustrate the munt determination within thornhill , and he ultimate decision . dissolve to : long shot - the plane in flight - night 131 we be shoot up at the plane from a elevation on the ground as it approach camera in a slightly de - scending path . as the plane come nearer and zoom past , camera pan with it slightly and discover : North by Northwest ches. 9-23 -58 = p.131 the face of the president - mt. rushmore = night 132 the monument glow against the night sky , light by several bank of unseen searchlight . we hold on this shot , and then the pading SOUND of the disappearing plane slowly become the SOUND of laughter and many voice . slowly , night turn to day .. the pace of the president - mt. rushmore - day 133 same angle as above . ' the searchlight have be replace by sunlight . the black sky have turn blue . camera pull back slowly , until a circular border appear at the edge of the screen . we be in : effect shot - the face of the president - as . 134 see through binoculars as soon as we have establish the binocular effect . . cur to : close shot - thornhill - mi. rushmore observation 135 do we be on thornhill 's back as he stand peer through binocular mount on a pedestal ( there be similar glass locate at many vantage point throughout the park ) . . thornhill suppose they do not come . professor's voice ( o.s . ) they will come . during this we have pulled back to reveal the Professor sit nearby read a rapid ci newspaper , he back half - turn away on ernhill . thornhill ( uneasily ) it do not like the way teddy Roosevelt be look at I ... professor he 's try to give you one last word of caution , Mr. Kaplan : speak softly , and carry a big stick . thornhill leave the binocular , start restlessly past the Professor to the corner of the terrace , say : thornhill i think he 's try to tell I not to go seer ete ent bt bee date tend aahame y wortn by northwest chgs. 9-23-58 p.132 professor 135 perhaps he do not know to what extent cont 'd ou be the cause of we present . ( 2 ) ticulties== thornhill ( turn to he ) I be not so sure I accept that charge , Professor . professor ( miidiy ) my dear fellow = if you have not make yourself so dammably attractive to miss kendall that she fall for you ( momentarily delighted ) and vice versa , faith in she loyalty now . it be quite thorneill . be you try to tell I '' tv Roosevelt + that I be trresiscible ? professor ( sterniy ) I be try to remind you that it 's Zou responsibility to help we restore ner to vandamn 's good grace ... ( he see thornhill 's face cloud over ) eesRight up to the moment he leave the country tonight . . thorneill ( annoyed ) all right . all bh , ( 's ( he point a finger to remind the Professor of a previcus bargain ) but after tonight ... sor ( locice ny blessing '' on yon geek ony ) thornhiii neds . ' then he lock off - sersen and react tensely . trornelll here they be . the Professor 's nonchalance vanish instantly . he get up and walk awiftly away . thornhill look off . '' gape . point of view - the parking area 139 a white lincoln convertible be pull into a space , come to a stop . the driver be vandamn . Eve and sit beside he . they get cut of the car , glance about , and start towards the cafeteria building . 9-8-58 p.133 thorneill 140 watch they for a moment , then turn purposefully and hurry toward the cafeteria from he level . '' we move with he either with a dolly shot or a series of cut , depend on the location of he svarting point . ext . mt. rushmore capeteria & gift shop build 242 thornhill approach the building and enter . int . build - ( master scene ) . 142 thornhill walk across the lobby to the cafeteria , & vast room with many table and enormous window through which can be see the face of the president in the distance . it be after the lunch hour , and only half of the table be occupy . thornhill go over to the steametable and ask for a cup of coffee . while wait for it , he turn and look toward the parking area entrance to the cafeteria . no one be come througn there yet . he receive the cup of coffee and start toward a unoccupy table . just as he arrive at the table , he see vandamm , Leonard and Eve enter the cafeteria . he remain stand until they see he . then he sit down , .as vandamm and Eve wall towards he . Leonard sit down at a table near the entrance , as though he be a sentry stand guard in case of trouble . at the table 143 vandamm and Eve arrive at the table . Eve have a strain look . thornhill contemptucusly deign even to glance at she . his ignore of she presence be he way of demonstrate to vandamm how bitterly he despise she . ( thornhill be now play a terse , matter - of - fact " kaplan " rather than -his usual protest self . ) . '' } 9~8-58 p2134 vandamm ( with a 243 mild smile ) cont'd good afternoon , Mr. Kaplan . ( 2 ) he start to draw cut a chair for Eve . thornhill ( sharply ) not she . vandamm 's manner change . he turn to Eve and , with a sharp incline of the heed , dismiss she . tight -lipped , Eve turn and walk off towards the gift shop . thornhill look after she with noticeable distaste . vandamm sit down , resume he deceptively polite manner . ( at time during the following , thornhill will look past vandamm toward the gipt shop and we will see that eve , " browsing " in the gift shop , be stand right next to another " browser , " who could even be exchanging whispered word with her . it be the professor . and if leonard , seated near the doorway , would turn 's ris head , he might even see they , but he doe not turn he head . and he doe not know the professor . } vandamm do I misunderstand you about bring she ? thornhill we will get to that . as he light a cigarette ) I suppose you be surprised to get my call ... vandamm , not at all . I know the police would release you , Mr. Kaplan . by the way , I want to compliment you on you colorful exit from the auction gallery ... thorneill thank you . vandamm | and now what little drama be we here for today ? you see , I do not for a moment believe that you invite I to this gay surroundings in order to come to a arrangement .... 9-8-58 p.135 . thornhill 143 suppose I be to tell you that cont'd I not only know exactly what time - ( 3 ) you be leave the country tonight , but also the latitutde and longitude of you rendezvous , and you ultimate destination . vandamm ( after a beat ) you would not care to carry my bag , would you ? ~ thornhill maybe you would like to know the price , just the same . vandamm price ? . thornhill for do nothing to stop you . vandamm ( amused ) how much do you have in mind ? teornhill I want the girl ... the geniality die on vandamm 's face for a moment . then he give a little smile of understanding . thornhill ( shake he head , then speak with bitterness ) I want she to get what 's come to she . you turn she over to I and I will see that there 's enough pin on she to keep she uncomfortable for the rest of she life . in return , I will look the other way tonight . vandamm peer at he for a moment . vandamm she really get under you skin , do not she ? thornhill ( angrily ) we be not talk about my sicin . . we be talice about yours . I be offer you . a chance to save it ... y 9-8-58 vandamm to exchange it ... thornhill put it any way you like . : _ vandamm I be curious , Mr. Kaplan . how do you arrive at this deduction that - my feeling for miss kendall might have deteriorate to the point where I would ... trade she in Tor ... a little peace of mind ? thornaill I do not deduce . I observe . the two man stare at each other steadily . then vandamm look up and get to he foot . full shot - the table Eve 1s stand beside the table , she face tense . she do not look at thornhill . eve ( cordiy ) Phillip -- if you do not mind , I be go back to the house . she immediately turn and start to leave the cafeteria . vandemm , momentarily catch off guard , leok after she hesitantly , and then , after a quick look at thornhill , go after she . closeup - thornhill look off after they , he rise with concern on he face . point of view - from thornhill vandamm have catch up with Eve . there be a brief unheard exchange between they , then vandamm beckon Leonard over to they , and the three start swiftly toward the exit . p.136 143 cont 'd ( 4 ) 4301 143x2 1b North by Northwest , correction 9-16-58 p.137 close shot - thornhill 145 see this turn of event and reacting to it , . he start after they . wider angle ~ ( master scene ) . '' 146 thornhill move swiftly across the cafeteria to head off vandamm , Eve and Leonard , who be approach - ing the door lead out to the parking area . thornbili catch up with Eve , put a hand on er . thornhill ( quietly and tensely ) just a second , you . vandamm and Leonard , a few step ahead of she , stop and look back . : eve ( mutter , pull free ) get away from I ! she go toward the two man , who be start to return . thornhill grab Eve by the arm , pull she , struggle , back into the cafeteria . eve ( through she breath ) let go ! vandamm start to make a move towards the struggle Eve and thornhill . Leonard quickly stay he . all of this take place with lightning rapidity . vandanm watch tensely . eve let go of I ! thornhill you be not go anywhere ... ( he pull she violently away from the other ) come on ... . the camera move in for a closeup of vandamm . from he point of view , we see the struggle couple . eve no !... please !l... 9-858 p1138 thornhill 146 save the phoney tear ... cont 'd ( 2 ) she break out of he grasp , back away . he come toward she , stop suddenly . she have take she automatic from she handbag , point it at he . get back ... thornhill you little fool ... ee start slowly toward she . she back toward the entrance , eye wide with terror . eve stay away from I ... thornhill . lunge at she . she fire at he once . he clutches he chest , stop dead in he track . she fire again . he spin , crash into a table and fall to the floor . crowd scream . pandemonium - ensue . Eve dash cut past vandamm , who start to follow , but Leonard restrain he . : leonard no good , sir . you can not get invelved in this . in a series of quick cut : 147-153 ( 1 ) the Professor be see run across the cafeteria towards thornhill 's fall body . ( 2 ) Eve be see run down the path towards the parking area . ( 3 ) Leonard be see unobtrusively escort vandamm to the back of the crowd . ( 4 ) the Professor be see push he way through the crowd surround thornhill 's body , say : " get back ! please ! do not touch anything ! " ( 5 ) Eve be see get into vandam 's car , gun the motor , speed away . . ( 6 ) Leonard 1s see move up to the edge of the crowd surround thornhill 's body , maneuver himself into position until he can see : _ the front of North by Northwest add 9-24 58 ( 7 ) the Professor kneel over thornhill 's body , feel the heart . he withdraw he hand , wipe blood from he finger with a handkerchief and — look up gravely as a shocked mrmur arise from the onlooker and one woman begin to cry . quick dissolve to : ™~ exd . driveway entrance to park = few minute later shoot over the head of hushed onlooker in les , we see two green-uniformed park attendant bear thornhill on a stretcher to the rear of a park hospital van . several man remove they hat as the stretcher go by . the Professor be on hand to supervise as the stretcher be place in the van and the rear door be shut . now the Professor get in the front seat beside the driver , and the van drive off . *. - . quick dissolve to : ext . seclude road ~ a few minute later camera be on a lovely wood glen securely hide from the main road that cut through the Black Hills . perhaps the mt. rushmore monument can be see in the distance through the tree .. camera . pan over , revealing the park amublance . ' the Professor be in the act of open the back door . he peer in . . professor Mr. thornhill ... thornhill rise with alacrity . thornhill dre we there ? professor no. thornhill look off , see someone and slide out of the ambulance to he foot . he stand for a moment look off . then , as he start slowly forward , camera ease back ultimately to reveal Eve stand beside the white lincoln convertible . during this , the Professor have start back toward 2 the ambulance , say : professor do not be long . p.139 147-153 cont 'd ( 2 ) 154 we 195 156 9-24-58 p40 thornhill and Eve regard each other uncertainly 156 as she start mving toward he . camera now cont'd ease in , ultimately to a two shot . ( 2 ) they continue to gaze at each other uncertainly , in a way , they be meeting for the first time , for it 4s the first time that they be together with thornhill know who Eve be and vith Eve * e playnact scene at the cafeteria do not count , for they be prevent from acknowledge the | stue situation ) . after all that Eve have do to thornhill and he have say to ber neither can be certain of the other 's true fee ing . it isa time for uneasiness , caution and tentative probing eo eventually give way to what have always be apparent : the fact that they do like each other . more than somewhat . eve i hello ... thornhill hello ... . a moment of silence . eve be you all right ? thornhill yes . I think so , more silence . they move closer . eve I ask the Professor to let I see you again ... thorneill oh ? he wait . eve there be not ... much time ... thornhill ( non-committal ) be not there ? eve I ... want to tell you ... I mean ...apologize.. , om : 9-28-58 thornhill ( without feel ) no need . I understand ... ( slightly bitter ) all in the line of duty ... eve > . I do treat you miserably ... thorneill ( a self - accusation ) I hate you for it ... eve ( falter ) and I do not want you to ... go on ... think ... th ( soften slightly ) I use some pretty harsh word . I be ... sorry ... eve they hurt .. deeply ... . thornhill ( defensively ) naturally , if I would know ... eve ( defensively ) I could not tell you ... thornhill nowee eve could I ? thornhill of course not . Eve give the tiniest of shrug . they gaze at each other . that be the whole situation . nobody to blame really . no need for further apology . they each be unkind to the other - but always with due cause . but mix in with the unkind act and harsh word have be other act , other word , other feeling - no ? Eve smile at he tenderly . eve you do not get hurt . I be so trelleved . thornhill ( eagerly ) of course I be hurt . how would you have feel if -- 7 ? eve I mean when you fall in the cafeteria , when I - bang bang - shot you . p.141 156 cont 'd ( 3 ) ) ) North by Northwest . chgs , by 40-13-58 p.1b2 thornhill ( smile ) 156 oh , that ... no. cont ' D eve ( move closer ) you do it rather well , I think . thorneill ( pleased with himself ) * yes - I be quite ... graceful ... ' eve ( put she hand on he ) consider that it 's not really you kind of work .... thornhill ( touch she tenderly ) I get into it by accident . what 's _ mou excuse ? eve . I meet Phillip vandamm at a party one night and see only he charm . I guess I have nothing to that weekend , so - I decide to fall in love ... 's thornhill ( sorry he bring the whole thing up ) that 's nice . eve eventually , the Professor and he Washington colleague approach I with a few sordid detail about Phillip and tell I that my ... relationshio with he make I " uniquely valuable " to they . thornhill ( bridl ) se you turn girl scout , eve maybe it be the first time anyone ever ask I to do anything worthwhile . thornhill : have life be like that ? eve mn bom . thornhill how come ? eve Men like you . ' orth by sorth ost chgs. 19 - 13 - 58 = p43 thornhill ( kissing she ) 156 what 's wrong with man like I ? cont 'd : ( 5 ) eve they do not believe in marriage . thornhill I have be marry twice . eve see what I mean ? he look at she with affection . thornhill y'know something . I may go back to hat you again . it be more fun . eve ( with a trace of | sadness ) et you be not go to have the chance ..— there be not time , .. ( she give he a quick embrace ) | geodbye , thornhill . . thornhill ( hold she ) wait a minute . not so soon . eve it have to get back to the house and convince they I take the long way sround so nobody would follow I ere . thornhill ( hold she even closer ) | : can not we just stand like this for a few more hour ? we - eve you be suppose to be critical . wounded . thornhill I never feel mre alive . eve ' whose side be you on ? thornhill your , always . eve then do not undermine my resolve , just when I need it mst . ( ~~ 9-248 they hear the short beep of a horn and look off . the Professor be mtion to thornhill to come . thornhill I guess it 's off to the hospital . for I ... ( they start walk slowly ) «eed4nd back to danger for you . I do not like it one bit . eve much safer now , thanks to you , my darling decoy . thorneill De not thank I . I could not stand it . eve all right . I will not . thornhill and just as soon as you malevolent - friend vandamm take off tonight , I be go to undo my bandage , and you and T be go to do a lot of apologize to each other , in private ... eve ( glance at he wistfully ) . do not talk like that ... thorneill it 's the way I feel ... eve you must not ... thornhill it must ... : eve . you know it can not de . thornhill ( unconcern ) of course it can be . Eve stop , look up at hin , disturb . she glance toward the Professor . , eve he have tell you , have not he ? thornhill ( puzzle ) told I what ? Eve shake she head , unable to speak , pode '' 156 cont'd ( 6 ) North by Northwest chgs . lo]9l4=58 pllbb a professor ( come up to they ) 156 miss kendall - you have get to get cont 'd move ... : ( 7 ) eve ( with a final embrace ) Goodbye , thornhill ... thornhill ( hold onto she ) wait a minute ... . ( to the Professor ) what do not you tell I ? Eve and the Professor glance at each other . there be tear in Eve 's eye now . eve why do not you ? for a brief moment , the Professor 's face reveal a all - too-human regret for what he have do . then he look at thornhill and speak crisply . professor she 's go off with vandamn tonight on the plane . thornhill ( stunne ) go off with vandamm ? professor . that 's why we have go to such length to make she a fugitive from justice ~ so that vandamm could not very well decline to take she along -- thornhill but you say = professor I need not tell you how valuable she can be to we over there . : teorneill you lie to mar ! you say after tonight --! professor I need you help ... thornhill ( bitterly ) well , you get it all right ... eve ( through tear ) do not be angry ... thornhill ( to Eve ) if you think I be go to let you go through with this dirty business --{ ( as oa 9-24-58 pl lube . professor 156 she have to , ay thornhill ( turn on he ) nobody have to do anything ! I do not like the game you play , Professor -- | professor War be hell , Mr. thornhill -- even when it 's a cold one . thornhill ( savagely ) o- if you fellow can not lick the vandamm without ask girl like she to bed down with they and fly away with they and probably never come back alive , maybe you better start learn to lose a few cold war ! . professor ( quietly ) I be afraid we be already do that . suddenly Eve break away , run for she car . thornhill go after she , and the Professor quickly motion to the ambulance driver to step wo . at the car 157 Eve get into the car , start the motor , as thornhill catch up with she and pull open the deor to stop she . thornhill I be not go to let you ... eve do not spoil everything now ... please ... thornhill come on = outee . a hand tap he on the back . he turn . close shot - tee ambulance driver 158 his fist be cocked , and move on the backward be of a imockout punch . CUT to : ~ ~~ North by Northwest . add 9-22-58 =p. 145 .. close shot - the car door '' 159 slam shut as though it be illustrate the impact of fist on jaw . the car drive off with a screech of tire , and we see thornhill fall ' into the shot , and to the ground . dissolve to : int . hospital room - night 160 start close on a bedside radio . during broadcast pull back to reveal thornhill in trousers and undershirt . his jacket , tie and red-stain shirt hang nearby . he be pace back and forth , nervously smoking a cigarette . 's radio announcer's voice ocin full view of score of horrify man , woman and child who have come to the park to see the fame mt. rushmore mohument . witnesses to the shoot describe Kaplan 's assailant as a attractive blonde in she late twenty . Kaplan , who be remove to the rapid City Hospital in critical condition , have deen tentatively identify as a employee of the federal government ... the tragedy develop with startling suddenness . Chris swenson , a busboy in the mt. rushmore cafeteria , state that he hear voice raise in what seem to be -- thornhill angrily switch off the radio and snutf out he cigarette in a ashtray with a@ violent thrust . he go to the single window which be open , stare down at the street many storey below . he turn , walk toward the door , feel he jaw and wince with pain . he pull at the doorknob , know it be lock but unable to resist give it another try . impatiently he hit at the unyield door as though it be he enemy . he be lock in , and quite obviously he would like to de out . he begin to pace the room again . now he hear pootstep approaching in the hallway outside , then a key in the lock . quickly , and with noticeable cun , he lie down on the bed . the door open and the Professor walk in carry a brand new white shirt . y North by Northwest chgs. 10-13-58 professor ( hand he the shirt ) eere we be . sixteen and three quarter collar , thirty - five sleeve , no ketchup stain . thornhill thanks . he start to , put on the shirt . professor how be you feel ? . thornhill all right - consider that you driver wes bear with a sledgehammer instead of a hand . : professor sorry about that . . thornhill ( pretend ) no. I deserve it . '' ing ( gesture toward the door ) and that lock door tco ... professor if you be see wander about in good health , it could prove fatal to . miss kendall . oe thornhill no need to lock I in anymore . professor good . thornhill I have be act childish ... thornhill turn away from the Professor and we see on he face that he have ulterior mtive . ofessor pr we all do at time , where a woman be concerned , : '' thornhill I have already start to forget she . professor good ... . '' thorneill yes . . professor better that way . pl146 160 cont 'd ( 2 ) a '' qn22-58 p47 thornhill 160 ore much . . professor ~ Inside of a hour she will be go . thornhill have to tighten he lip to keep from show anything to the Professor other than .. utter lack of interest . thornhill how go it in the world outside ? professor Fine . Mr. Kaplan 's untimely shoot have now acquire the authority of the print word . enormous headline . everyone have be cooperate beautifully . thorneill you may now include I . professor I be most grateful . ~ ' thornhill a favor in return ? professor anything . thorneill a bottle of scotch . a pint will do . professor May I join you ? thornhill wonderful . make it a quart . the Professor go to the door , open it and took back . professor see you in a few minute . thornhill smile , the picture of friendly cooperation . the door close softly . and almost before it have click shut , thornhill 's smile disappear . he seize he jacket , struggle into it , close he collar at the neck , stuff he tie into he pocket and step to the door . he turn the kmob and pull . to he surprise and dismay , the door be lock . th : Professor have be one step ahead of he . oo 9-22-58 = p.148 . , thornhill ( with disgust ) 160 why , the dirty sneak . cont 'd he lock around , glance at he wristwatch , make &@ decision , go to the window and lock down at the street below . then he take a deep breath , swallow he fear and climb out onto the ledge . the ledge 161 thornhill inch he way along the shallow ledge until he come to another window , partially open . he raise it as silently as he can and start to climb in . int . another hospital room 162 the room be in darkness . ' thornhill 's silhouette . - be frame in the window as he climb in . as bis teet touch the floor , a light suddenly come on . a attractive brunette have switch on the lamp on the night table and now sit up in bed . thornhill hold a finger to he lip , start toward the bed ( and the door beyond ) . brunette stop ! thornhill ( softly , as he walk by ) Excuse I . the woman quickly take she harlequin glass from the night table , put they on and lcok at thornhill as he go past the bed and continue on to the door . brunette ( in a entirely st different tone of voice ) ope ce thornhill open the door and walk out on the invitation . dissolve to : ext . road beyond mt . rushmore - night 163 a taxi be speed elong a wind dirt road . ( a 9-22-58 another angle the cab slow down and come to a stop near the beginning of a high stone wall . . closer shot x . + as phornbt12 get out of the cab , the driver turn oo '' < driver sure you do not want I to take you right up there ? thornhill no . this be fine . the cab drive off . thorneill he look about , then . move along the wall wntil he come to a pair of heavy tron gate - the only entrance to the area beyond the wall . the gate be open . he go through and see : establishing shot - vandamm house it 1s a sprawling modern structure in the Frank Lloyd wright tradition set on a rise in the land at the end of a long driveway . light be ablaze . there 4s evidence of activity within . another angle ~- with thornhill cautiously he approach the house and make he way around to the back . the terrain there be rocky and slope sharply down to a level field . the house jut out over this slope , cantilever style . as thornhill stand in the dark look about , he suddenly see : the field behind the house two parallel row of light sevsral hundred yard long . they be very clearly the runway light of a p.1kg 1632 + 163x2 164-165 we 166 167 168 169 wo North by Northwest — a chgs , 9 - 29 -58 p.150 hide landing strip . they flash off and on again , 169 as though be test , and then the field falis cont 'd back into darkness . ( 2 ) another angle - with thornhill 170 ee turn around and start up the slope , move to he right towards the side of the house where the incline be less steep . just as he reach the house , he stop , on the alert , as he hear the SOUND of a approaching car , " he look off , see : - point of view i721 the headlight of the approach car sweep along the driveway , and then the car itself be see . come around the side of the house and pull to a stop in the parking area . it be a small sedan . . the driver get out . it be valerian . he 4s carry - ing a newspaper . at this moment , a side door of the house open arid a woman walk out to meet valerian . it be the housekeeper . last see at the townsend estate in Glen cove . together , they go toward the house , move directly towards thornhill . thornhill ~ . 172 re quickly dick beneath the cantilever portion of the house and hide . he hear a door open and close , then footstep and voice inside the house above he , the sound come through the floor . thornhiiz glance about , then decide to climb up one of the cantilever , this will enable he to get a view of what might be go on inside the house , all the time that he hes be underneath the house , he have be hearing a mumble of voice from above , he move forward . 173-174 or another angle - ext . house . 175 " thornhill appear from beneath the house grop he way up the diagonal beam of the cantilever and then climb up onto the horizontal beam . he be now outside one of the large window of the live - room . a section of the window be open . with cat - like stealth he move along the cantilever towards the window , take up a position in the shadow and peer inside , North by Northwest + chgs. 10-13-58 p.151 int . live - room - from thornhill 176 a large room , strikingly furnish , and dominate 's by @ great chandelier which hang suspend from the two - story-high beam ceiling . a stairway et the far end lead to a balcony which run the length of the room . off this balcony be bedroom . in f.g. near the window 4s a table on which can be see sone effect of vandamm =-- a black briefcase , book | strapped together , box of he favorite cigarettes , and the pre-columbian figure , the tarascan warrior , purchase at the auction . vandamm and Eve be near the bar . Close to they be a open newspaper . Eve appear strain . ( her parting with thornhill have threaten she self - control considerably . ) vandam , " assume that she be upset over the shoot , have be try to comfort she in a soothing , gentle voice . vandamm _ eenoth to worry about -- re o- I lose uy head -- during follow , Leonard enter in beg . unobserve by they . he watch they with a curious smirk on he face , as though he 's be in possession of a delight ~ , ful secret unknown to anyone but ‘him . " vandamm I be not just sey this to make you feel better , my dear . I mean it ... eve I do not know what I be do ... vandamm he be go to destroy you . you have to protect yourself ... eve i but not endanger you ... . vandamm nonsense . there 's not a word , not a whisper that link you or I , of we , with this thing . there will have be hint on the radio or in the paper . ok for yourself , : eve ( shaking she head ) . I do not want to look ... vandamm ( with sympathy ) . or even think about it . I can understand ' that . ( he take she face in he hand ) will you ever forgive I , my dear ? he kiss 9-25-58 p.152 eve 176 forgive you ? cont 'd - ( 2 ) vandamm for upsetting you so ... for not show more confidence in you devotion ... eve ( a want smile ) dear Phillip ... vandamm soon we will be off together , and I shall dedicate myself to you happiness . she gently , then turn toward Leonard . vandamm what 's the situation , Leonard ? . leonard ( facetiously ) about the plane , you mean ? : vandamm : of course ... what be the last report ? leonard over whitestone on the hour . six thousand . descend . vandamm another ten minute . leonard at the mest . vandamm bag ? leonard outside . vandamm runway light ? leonard checked . vandamm good . North by nortnwest chgs. 10-13-98 leqhard and now , I wonder if I could have a few word of parting with you , sir ? vandamm certainly . ' leonard ( look at Eve ) -. in private ? vandamm glance sharply at léonard . Eve sense tension , quickly relieve the situation . I 'l. go ' up : ir and get & stair a & ay thing . she start up the stair . ouiside the window thornhill watch as ive go up to the balcony . Leonard stare at she all the way , and vandamm peer at he , sense hostility in he attitude . when Eve disappear into one of the bedroom , vandamm address Leonard with a trace of facetiousness . vandamm well , Leonard = how do one say farewell to one 's own right arn ? in ben ae I be afraid you case , 's m a. you be go to wish you have cut it off sooner ... during the above interchange , thornhill will glance sharply up to he right the light go on in the '' and then Eve herselr appear for a moment et the window . pee tees sne-livinestoom dvindle 2 Le not as tr jack away from the open live - room window toward the end of the cantilever beam . he be now in a better position to attract Eve 's attention . he glance about for a ' pebble to throw , but he 4s too fat above ground to reach one . he take a coin from he pocket , glance cautiously towards the live - room , then look up and throw the coin at Eve 's window . it hit noisily and fall to the ground below . p.153 176 cont 'd ( 3 ) 177 North by Northwest * chgs. 10"13=58 pl15 u intercut several angle : 178-187 Eve appear at the window , look out for a moment , then walk away . . . thornhill take another coin from he pocket , throw it at the window and hit again , : Eve appear at the window , open 4t and look oute . just as thornhill start to call to she , he glance sharply toward the live -roon . : Leonard be walk briskly over to the open live - room window , in a moment he will see thornkil . , thorahi2l @uck back into the shadow against the use . Leonard peer out of the live - room window to see the cause of the noise he have hear ; Eve continue to look out of the bedroom window . thornhill cannot move out to signal she , see nothing , Eve close the window again and walk away . - thornhill glance toward the live - room window and he eye widen : Leonard have move away from the window and , with he back to vandamn , be take a gum from he pocket and place it on a table near the window , as vandam salk in b.g. , he word unintelligible . thornhill edge up to the window , as Leonard . turn around , the gun conceal on the table behind he , tne dialogue become intelligible again , intercut int . live - room & closeup of thornetll 188-192 listening . leonard you must have have so : doubt about she yourself , and ' 5 go < = vandamm ( @isturb , and try to conceal it ) rubbish ... leonard se why else would you have decide not to tell she that we little treasure here ... cpatt the figure of the tarascan . warrior . esehas @ bellyfull of microfiim ? vandamm ( angrily ) seem to be try to fill mine with rotten apple . North by Northwest . chgs , 9 - 29 - 58 = pl155 leonard 188-192 sometimes the truth do taste cont 'd like a mouthful of worm , sir . ( 2 ) vandamm ( snort ) . what truth ? I have hear nothing but dnnuendo , leonard . call it my woman 's intuition if you will , but I have never trust neatness . neatness be always the result of deliberate plan . vandamn ( defensively ) she shot he in a moment of fear and anger . you be there . you see it . leonard ( nod ) : and thereby wrap everything up into one very neat and tidy bundle : ( during the precedin speech , he pick up the gun , hold it behind he back and advance further into the room , the camera following through the window ) a . she remove any doubt you might . have have about ( what do you call it ) she wegvekion " ? and B. she give herself a new and bessne reason to be take over to the other side with you , just in case you decide to change you mind . . vandamm manage a laugh , but it be not very convincing , vandamm — you kmow what I think ? I think you be jealous of she . I mean it . and I be touch , dear boy , . really touch . . suddenly Leonard bring the gun out from behind he back and point it at the startle vandamm . vandamm ( sharply ) Leonard ! - Leonard pull the trigger , fire point blank at vandamm . there be a sharp report , vandamm stand there , stunne but unharme . leonard ( softly ) the gun she shot Kaplan with . I find it in she luggage . 9-25-58 waist shot - vandamm the camera be very high , look down on he . as the full realization of what this mean sink in , the camera slowly descend to examine he expression , and the angle become a big head . yandamm 's reaction be carefully control . he be toc big a man to let Leonard see the humiliation and anger he feel at have be dupe by Eve . leonard voice ( during above ) it 's a old gestapo trick . shoot one of you own people to show that you be not one of they . they have just freshen it up a bit with blank cartridge . vandamm give a little sigh . '' wi what a pity ... from upstairs , the SOUND of a door open . vandamm look up , and he brood expression . quickly change to a wistful smile . W ready , dear ? close shot - eve stand at the balcony railing dook down , - at hin . eve I think I hear a shot ... full shot = the live room vandamm ( calmly ) yes ... so do we ... ( move toward the window ) must have be a car backfire or something . ( look to ) . hurry down , pet . almost time to go . eve in a moment . she go back into she room . Leonard move at vandamm , speak in a harsh voice . p.156 193 19 % 195 a north by Northwest add 9-26-58 + = p.157 leonard 195 you be not take she on that : cont 'd plane with you ? '' ( 2 ) vandamm oo of course I a . Leonard stare at he . vandamm look back at hin the way a adult look at a small boy . ~ vandamm like we friend , I too believa in neatness , Leonard . . ( a pause ) this matter be best dispose of from a great height ... over water . close shot - thornhill 196 " aghast at what he have hear . wider angle 197 thornhill back away from the open window , look ‘up at Eve 's bedroom . the light be still on . Inside the live - room , valerian have enter in beg and be receive instruction from vandemm . Leonard have take up a position near the open window . even if he think it would do any good , thornhill would not dare hurl ancther coin at Eve 's window now . his lip tighten . he make a gecision , start to climb up the side of the - house to she room . close angle ~ thornhill 198 the camera follows he as he make he way pre - cariously up the side of the house . Eve 's window be beyond he and always in view . we see she move about and ting on she thing during he climb . there be little on which thornhill can gain purchase as he climb , little to hang on to . he cut he hand . severai time he almost crash to disaster . the last few foot be the hardest . he claw he way to the window sill of Eve 's bedroom , grab it with he leave hand , pull | himself up , get he right hand work , and with a final gasp , get he body up high enough to be able to see through the close window into the room . just as he head clear the ww 9-25-58 p.158 sill , the light in the room go out and , over 198 he shoulder , we see Eve silhouett in the cont 'd doorway , walk out . ( 2 ) , : 199-203 of int . bedroom 204 thornhill , outside the window , stare dejectedly through the glass , then silently work the window open . he climb lato the room and stand there for a moment in the semi~darimess catch he breath , he look at he cut hand , take out he handkerchief and press it into the bleed palm , then he step cautiously to the doorway and look out over the live - room below . he can not see much of the room because of the balcony , and he unfavorable vantage point . but he can hear voice : vandamm voice how about a little champagne before we go ? eve' voice I would love it . vandamm voice ( after he walk to bar ) it may not be cold enough . . eve' voice over the rock will be all right . vardamm' voice really ? eve' voice sure . vandamm voice - good idea , suddenly thornhill glance back toward the open window , alarmed at what he hear -- the first paint drone of a approaching plane . he look about desperately , not know what to do . his eye fall on the handkerchief still hold in he hand . he see he monogram : " rot " on the cloth . he glance toward the doorway , and a idea be bear . he feel in he side pocket and take out a match folder . ( in_an_ in he '' n a he p ks ro ! he take a pen from hi pocket , open the match folder and write a 9-25-58 p1159 message on the inside of the cover : " they 're on 204 to you ! come up to you room ! " he close the cont 'd folder , + fut to the doorway and mve cautiously out to the balcony . 205-206 ou : eigh angle 207 shoot down over thornhill in f.g. as he edge forward on the balcony , we see mre of the live - room below . Eve be seat on the arm of a sofa , her handbag be on the coffee table . - vandamm be turn away from the bar , walk toward she with a glass of champagne - on- the-rock in each hand . he give she one , and they click glass . vandamm to you , my dear ... and all the lovely moment we have have together ... eve thank you , Phillip . ' as they drink , Leonard enter , walk toward the windo we . _ leon . he 's circle . vandamm turn away from Eve , start toward Leonard and the | window . thornhill toss the low angle - in live - room . 208 vandamm ( to Leonard ) jump in . the champagne be fine . leonard there be not time . vandamm ( ruefully ) you always with a spoil - sport be not you ? - leonard ( start past he towards Eve ) one of my most valuable attribute , as it now turn out . ~ North by Northwest add 9=29~58 automatically he stoops down and pick up the match folder lie on the floor , play with it idly as he address eve. ( thornhill watch in agony . ) leonard it would please I if you wuld , pbunk of I as be eiong on this journey , if only in spirit .... | eve I shall , Leonard ... Leonard toss the match folder to the coffee table before she and turn away , so that she cannot see he harsh expression . Eve set she glass down on the coffee table as the SOUND of the plane grow louder . ath ees the mar 's closeup - eve for a moment she be puzzle . then she glance go to the floor where she have see Leonard pick up the match . healization begin to dawn on she . vandamm voice ( o.s. ) Cone along , eve. eve all right ... she get to she foot , take a cigarette from the coffee table , put it between she lip and take up the match . we be very close as she open e the folder and read poormnil ts message strike a match and tignt the cigarette . another angle she look up , see the two man stand there wait - ing for she . she start towerd they , then suddenly feel she ear . eve oh , I think I leave my earring upstairs ... before they can say anything , she run right past eee up the stair , clutching the match folder je eve be right down . p.160 208 cont 'd ( 2 ) 209 rake} North by Northwest chgs . 10-23=58 p.161 vandamm and Leonard glance at each other , then look 210 toward she as she go upstairs . point of view - from men cont 'd ( 2 ) 210x1 Eve go up the stair and along the balcony the she reon . close shot - vandamm & leonard watch she . int . bedroom 220 k2 " eu thornhill draw back into the bedroom as he see Eve come . she mm into the room snap on the light . he grab she and pull she towards the window as they speak in very fast , urgent whisper . thorneill Quick ! we can make it . through the window ! there 's a car downstairs ! eve ( struggle ) get away from here , you idiot ! you will ruin everything ! thornaill ruin everything ? they know all about the fake shoot ! they be . go to do away with you ! - eve what be you talk about ? tll thorne : Leonard find the gum in you luggage ! you hear the shot !... Eve stare at he , then glance quickly towards door as she hear footstep on the stair . thornhill eee and I hear they say the figure they buy at the auction last night be fill with microfilm ! Eve turn , look at thornhill . eve . so that 's how he 's be get the information . we North by Northwest chgs. 10-10-58 p.162 leonard voice ( from 21 balcony ) cont'd miss kendall ? . ( 2 ) she break away and go quickly toward the door . , thornhill ( call after she ) do not get on that plane ! I will get ~ the car ! she snap off the light and hurry out to : the balcony 212 -- just in time to head off Leonard , who have reach the top of the stair . she close the - bedroom door behind she and go quickly towards he . he stop , wait for she and they both start .down the stair . 213 out the live - room ' ay as Eve and Leonard descend the stair , vandam be talk in a reassure tone of . voice to the housekeeper , who appear troubled . vandamm do not worry , Anna . arrangement have be make . you and you husband will be over the canadian border by morning . housekeeper thank you , sir . . vandamm be careful now . housekeeper we will , sir . and God bless you . — vandamm turn and pick up the pre-columbian figure while Leonard cross over and pick eeet ie glance brief - 253 the & book and the oyeenemm as bea p 2 e he ' andamm as come ov 's fer reat oot eof they now start of bast the exit door under the stair as the housekeeper start up the room . as the housekeeper go out of the picture we see the balcony bedroom docr open and thornhill cautiously step forward and look out . o~ 9-29 -58 = p63 point of view 214x1 the housekeeper be retreate toward the other end of the room , : close shot - the housekeeper . . 214x2 her walk slow up as she see : : insert - a turned off television ser 214x3 - it reflect thornhill stand on the distant balcony behind she . . close shot - profile of housekeeper 214 x she be still walk slowly . she turn she head ever so slightly , conscious of thornhill 's presence , and then make she way around a corner out of sight . close shot - thornhill . 214x5 satisfied that the woman be go , he go quickly t camera along the balcony and down the stair , following . as he teaches the bottom step , he hear : housekeeper's voice stay where you be ! thornhill turn , startle and see : point of view 224x6 the housekeeper slowly advance towards he from the far end of the room . she be hold a gun , point at he , : wider angle 214x7 she stop within a few yard of he , motion toward @ nearby chair , = 9-29~58 housekeeper sit down . ( thornhill sit ) as soon as the plane leave , Mr. Leonard and my husband will be back . thornhill look desperately toward the exit acor . ext . house - dolly shot Eve , vandamm and Leonard have emerge from the house and be walk away from it toward the landing strip . vandamm be hold Eve 's arn , rh oe be walk behind they . they look off as y : reverse angle - moving point of view - 4 & twinwengine plane be let down at the far end of the light runway , its landing light a- blaze . . eve , . vandamm and leonard = dolly shot the group be continue they walk toward the plane . now camera move in to a close shot of eve , as she walk . we see she anxious expression . the camera ease away to a three shot , and Eve 's expression change to a simulate , nonchalant one . closeup - eve she look over she shoulder , back toward the house . point of view - the house no sign of thornhill , three shct vandamm be look at Eve as she turn forward again . . p.16e 214x7 cont 'd ( 2 ) 215-216 out 217 2170 218 2180 216x2 218x3 9-29-58 vv. what be it ? eve ( vaguely ) I be wonder about that - earring ... vandamm : they will ' turn up . : os , ' camera ease in close on eve again as she continue on she face we see increase apprehension . she look ahead , point of view the land plane be taxiing towards the group . the silhouett figure of valerian be see stand beside the baggage at the end of the runway . another angle the plane come to a stop ; the group arrive , and the cabin door be immediately open from the as valerian start to pass the baggage up to the man inside , CUT tos closeup - eve she look back toward the house with desperation . point of view = tee house still no sign of thornhill . at the plane while valerian continue to dispose of the luggage , 9 still hold Eve by the arm , turn to pos * 228x3 cont 'd ( 2 ) 216x4 218x5 218x6 21857 218x8 '' ~ North by Northwest chgs. 10-13-58 vandamm when you return to New York , do say gocdbye to my sister for I , and thank she for she superb - performance as Mrs , townsend ... leonard I will do that . vandamm ( gesture toward valerian ) . ese and you might tell you knife - throw chum that I have reassure he wife . leonard . right . during this , Eve have be glance about as though look for a final mean of escape . her glance go to vandamm 's hand still grip she arn . '' she try umsuccessfully to ease away from he grip . - Leonard , see she action , ease himself over to block any attempt escape she might be plan . vandamm . I guess that 's all , Leonard . he start to lead Eve toward the step of the plane . : leonard ( look at Eve ) happy landing . - closeup = eve panic begin to seize she . suddenly , from the house , come the SOUND of two quick gunshot . the group all turn they head quickly . point of view ~ flash the fly figure of thornhill be see dash out of the house and into the sedan park outside . p.166 228Xx8 cont 'd ( 2 ) 218x9 218x210 2181 a the group still look 9-29-58 off . suddenly Eve , find herself momentarily free of vandam 's erip and Leonard 's observation , grab the tarascan warrior from - vandamn 's the house . arm and dash out of the scene toward over this , we hear the distant . car starting up . Leonard look quickly - at vandamm for instruction , : , ~ : vandamm ( sharply ) get that figure back ! Leonard dash away , with valerian jcine he , reverse angle Eve be run a few pace ahead of the two man , the sedan speed toward she , the car start to pull up and its side door fly open as Eve reach it . . : side - on angle the car stop : Eve leap in . she slam thornhill ( yell ) lock it ? the door just as the two man arrive . they tug at the handle . thornhill gun the car away medium shot the two man be flung back as the car drive off , it make a wide circle and speed toward the house over rough ground . int . car eve ( breathlessly ) what happen ? be you all right ? _ . thornhill can you imagine ? the housekeeper have I pin down for five minute before I realize it be that same silly gum of yours . p.167 218x212 2183 218x4 218x15 21806 aw thornhill I see you get the ..uh. . eve ( grimly ) yes . : landing field vandamm have just reach the two valerian North by Northwest ~ add . 10-13-58 p.168 he flash a glance at the figure in she hand . «pumpkin . do not worry , sir . the gate be lock . at the gate the car come to a screeching stop before the lock gate . thornhill jump out and start tug at the chain . closeup = eve in car still clutching the figure , she look forward toward thornhill anxiously , then look back . point of view with the house in the distance , she see the run figure of Leonard and valerian . objective shot - the car and the gate Eve scramble out of the car , run toward thornhill . he turn , see the man come . Eve run oui of the shot . leonard & valerian running after then . together , he and 218x216 cont 'd ( 2 ) 218x17 219-231 CUT 232 2320 233 '' 2330 . 233k2 10-13-58 p69 int , forest - dolly shot = moonliget 23 the " forest " be really no more thah a shallow , - heavily wood area . thornhill and Eve come run in , and camera move with they as they scramble over rock , fall tree and other _ obstacle . Eve be encumber by she scarf , handbag and the figure she be carry . thorneill here . give I that . he take the figure from she . they run on . suddenly Eve be bring up short as the scarf around she neck get catch on a pine tree . thornhill stop , turn to she and they struggle to get she loose , flash ~ leonard & valerian : 234x1 crash through the forest after then . ' thornhill & eve . - . 234x2 still try to extricate she . finally they unwind she from the scarf , abandon it and run out of shot . leonard & valerian running after they . 234x3 long shot - exterior forest 234xx4 in the distance , we see the run figure of thornhill and Eve emerge fron the forest ' into a open clear . they continue toward camera until , . in a close shot , they come to a sudden stop and look off ahead . point of view 234x5 about fifty to a hundred yard ahead , they see the back of the mt. rushmore monumen . the head of the president be moonlit , Beyond be yawn Space , and beyond that , the distant horizon , '' North by Northwest : 10-13-58 thorneill's voice uh oh . do not know you be here , . gentleman , straight on two shot - thornhill & eve ( stdll look ahead ) . no good this way . we be on top of the mnument . pe. now look off to he right and slightly behind point of view in the distance , valerian be see emerge from the forest , close shot - thornhill & eve Eve , look off in ancther direction , grab thofahili 's arm . . , | eve leck ! thornhill look off . point of view Leonard have emerge from the wood in another spot . profile shot - thornhill & eve '' he grab she arm and start run with she in the only direction they can go == towards the edge of the monument . camera dolly along with they until they start slow down . camera come to a stop , reverse angle - full view of part of monument we see the tiny figure of thornhill and Eve @pproach the edge . p.170 235x5 cont 'd ( 2 ) 234x6 234x7 234x8 234x9 234X210 235 we . 236 0 —co 10=13-58 waist shot - thorneill & eve as they peer down . point of view : the president ! face as see from the edge , with moonlight revealing the gepth below , waist shot - thorneizl & eve they turn , look back once more at they pursuer , c'mon . down we go . eve ( look down again ) we can not , thornhill no choice . c'mon , they start down and go out of shot . long shot - cross angle ~ the monument shoot past lincoln 's face in f.g. , we see thornhill and Eve make they precarious way down the sloping crevice between jefferson 's face and the rear of Washington 's head . close angle - thorneill & eve as they work they way down : thornhill ( grimiy ) a funny thing happen to I the other day on my way to the theatre . eve what ? thornhill skip it , comprehensive shot of leonard & valerian still fairly far apart , arrive at the edge , Leonard be at the top of the crevice , valerian be on Washington 's head . p.171 237 238 239 240—02k2 0 year 2k2 24a 243 oe 1013-58 p.172 close angle - thornhill & eve they look up and see : foint of view Leonard start down after then . mo . shot ~ thornhill & eve continue they perilous descent down the slope . : thornhill if we get out of this alive , let 's " go back to New York on a train together . all right ? eve be that a proposition ? th no = a proposal , he lose he foot , slip dangle precariously , . Eve reach down , try to help hin . eve what happen to the first two marriage ? thornhill ( struggle ) my wife divorced I , ting _ eve why ? " thorneill ( st4i1 struggle ) I think they ... say i...led ...t00 dull a life ... he regains a safe foothold , close shot - valerian slide papidly down a sloping ledge to Washington 's right shoulder and start across , aly , ak 246 2k7 . North by Northwest add longe p.173 '' 5 long shot - cross angle - the monument kg ig chin to head off thornhill and Eve , who be come down toward Washington 's leave should scramble down after then . eigh angle - leonard . 2g below he in b.g. be thornhill and eve. Leonard accidentally dislodge 'a precariously balanced rock . it start to tumble down the slope . close shot - thornhill & eve 250 they back be to camera . ' they hear the rock , turn , eye wide with dismay . there be no time for they to move out of the path of disaster . a , point of view 251 the rock be crash down toward camera . at the last moment just as it be about to smash into its . intend fe eim > , the I anne sn @ snag and go ying off ata ang en 's oo e@ yawn depth below , thornhill & eve 252 for a brief doment , stunne into immobility by they brush with death , eve ( in a hollow voice ) I just think of a new drink ... thornhill ( still stare ahead ) really ? eve people , on -the-rock . ~ thornhill give she a look . she give a little 6 's . then they quickly start down the ledge N on Washington 's leat shoulder . ( right here , wv ms from : Ernest lehman North by Northwest 10-15-58 [ 3s _for scen ble Al 2 ( and other no ent during chase ) zzorneill : you be wear too much . take something off , eve : like what ? thorneill : you shoe ! get rid of the jacket ! ( point to she handbag ) and that valise ! eve ; mind if be keep my girdle on ? se I eve : oh darn = there go my stock , thornhill : c'mon . this be no time to darn stocking , . nae eve ( after thornht11 stumble precariously ) : you slip be show , : . thornhill ( sourly ) : laugh ? I think 174 die . . se eve : we showld have take the escalator down . see thornhill ( labor for breath ) : my nis -spent youth be catch up with I , eve ( look back ) : that be not all that 's catch up with you , : thornhill ( stare at the president ' face ) : that remind I = I forget to register , 10-13-58 Eve 's handbag , shoe and suit- jacket become hopelessly encumber . thornhill make she get rid of whatever she can . the shoe go fly - away . so too the jacket , with womanly regret . but Eve make thornhill stuff some of ' the content of she handbag into he pocket before she hurl the handbag to the depth below . during this striptease , there showld be some adrlibbed comment . ) preoccupy with they physical effort , they be rot aware of vale : approachi in beg . he get closer and closer sit now , with upraiset knife , be , gbout to stab thornhill when Eve , turn suddeniy , see valerian and shout : look out ! : thornhill swing around , hit valerian 's wrist and geflect the downward arc of the knife in mid-air , then he quickly give Eve the figure , and shouren thornsill . keep go ...! Eve move on , with Leonard come down after she , as thornhill face valerian again , close angle - thornhill & valerian struggle to the death , with the knife poise between they in valerian 's hand . thornhill ( gasp ) I be beginning ... to think .... you do not .... like I .... they wrestle each other to the ground , then roll over the edge and begin to slide down toward a precipitous drop , still struggle . close shot = eve look back for a moment just as the two man start they slide , she turn away and scramble on as she see Leonard almst upon she . . thornhill & valerian still slide down . at the very edge of the precipice , thornhill manage to break free , p.174 252 cont 'd ( 2 ) 253 2 m ' 10- 13 -58 no sudden release cause valerian to plun , geath with a testete , '' '' Tho ; C £o kis dea a gezte scre ets to he foot , to eonard about '' catch up with Eve . he start toward then . cm close angle - eve '' leonard Leonard grab Eve , wrest the figure from she grasp and give she a vicious shove that send she down to what appear to be certain death . . but as she slip down , she manage to catch hold of a ridge in the precipitous slope and dangle there , unable to mve . another angle as thornhill arrive on the scene , Leonard be start away with the figure . thornhill clamber - down to rescue Eve , thornhill hang on ! he lower himself down to Eve , place himself in @ perilous position , his only purchase be one hand grip the edge above he while the other hand reach out to take Eve 's outstretch hand . close shot - eve in she effort to reach thornhillt hand , she foot apply pressure to the ridge she have be stand on . just as they hand meet , the ridge break off and she leg dangle in mid-air , objective shot thornhill , hang on to the ledge above he with one hand , be hold Eve from death below with he other hand , close shot = thornhill turn into camera with desperation to look over the ledge above he . he sees : p.175 255 cont 'd ( 2 ) " 256 257 258-259 oor 260 260x1 260x2 10013-58 p.176 , point of view 260x3 Leonard stil . move away . - close shot = thornetll 260x4 Leonard ! a point of view - from thornhill : 262 Leonard stop , turn and look back , : thorneill's voice ( oes . ) for God 's sake ... Leonard start gown towards hin , ' as he approach , cetera doonan y be I bey oe suddenly 's appear ° b» gripp . the ledge . the foot of Leonard miowly approach and . come to a stop a few inch from the - then one foot 1s raise and gently place on the hand , 262-266 0 ! closeup + thornetll 267 glancing up sharply , reactin , he feel the as pressure of the shoe on he fsnger and realize what 4s about to happen . closeup - leonard 268 look down without szpression as he lean : sl : de . forwar igktly and iberately apply the pull weight of he body onto the finger , closeup ~ thornhill 269 in horrible agony . '' thornhill ( gasp ) do not ... i... can and tess , Eve cry out . 10-13-58 p.177 closeup = shoe pressed on hand 270 thornhill's voice ( o.s . ) . have toveslet .. 20.0. suddenly there 1s the crack of a gun which veverberate through the monument . the shoe relax its pressure for &@ moment and the figure drop from Leonard 's &rasp to the ledge beside the roll of hand and smashes , revealing several long shot - top of the monument 271 a brief flash of a group of silhouett figure look down , closeup = thornhill 272 glancin briefly at the smashed figure and the microfiln , then look up . _ low angle - leonard 273 mortelly wounded , look down with die eye , shen start to fall toward camera . thornhill & eve 274 recoil as Leonard 's body fall past then . low angle - top of monument 275 in a full figure shot , we see the group on the monument at close range : the Professor , hold & pair of binocular ; vandamn , flanke by two uniform State trooper , one of whom be hol the revolver thet fire the shot . below then two more State Police clamber down the slope to rescue thornhill and Eve and disappear out of shot . professor ( stare down worriedly ) well dene , sergeant . 10-13-58 vandamm ( sardonically ) Rather waetog ae8t do not you think ... use rea : bullet ? CUT to : big head closeup - thorneill look down with tension on he face . thornsill ( with exertion ) here ... rea bee edows oe eve' voice ( o.s. - gasp ) I be ... .tryingse . thornhill come on ... I have get fous se oudoee big head closeup = eve look up , she face _ £ can not make show physical effort . ve it == thornhill's voice ( 0.s . ) yes you can ... come on ... eve ( strain ) pull harder ... big head closeup = thorneill thornhill there ... that 's it ... big head closeup - £ ah...good . she start to laugh . ve eve ( move up ) p.178 275 cont 'd ( 2 ) 276 277 278 279 10~13-58 p.179 mo . shot - thornhill & eve 280 &s she land beside hin , we realize that they - be not on mt. rushmore after all , but be sit side by side , foot dangle from the upper berth of a draw - room in a train stand a a@ station at night . he have be lift she up with difficulty because the lower berth be not open . from outside , a voice call out " board " : eve ( still la ) this ts silly , thorhili ine . thornhill I know , but I be sentimental . he put he arm around she , and as they kiss waar dk we see the hand that be step on . bach tt peatiy ed with Band - Aid . ust then , hs ain jerk inte mtisn ext . train 281 we be shoot toward the rear of the observa - tion car as the train roll off into the night . fade out : tee end