1922 nosferatu cast Count dracula , the vampire .................... Max schreck renfield , a estate agent .............. Alexander grannach jonathon harker , renfield 's clerk ... gustav von wangenheim Nina , he wife ............................ greta schroeder westenra , harker 's friend .................... G. H. schell Lucy , he wife ............................. Ruth landshoff the Professor ................................ John gottowt the town doctor ............................... gustav botz Captain of the ' demeter ' ....................... Max nemetz first mate ................................. wolfgang heinz > from the diary of Johann cavallius , able historican of he native city of bremen : nosferatu ! that name alone can chill the blood ! nosferatu ! be it he who bring the plaque to bremen in 1838 ? I have long seek the cause of that terrible epidemic , and find at its origin and its climax the innocent figure of jonathon harker and he young wife Nina . B R E m E N 1 8 3 8 morning at the Home of jonathon and Nina harker harker leave for work harker : ( present Nina with a bouquet of flower ) in the street of bremen harker walk to work a old man approach old man : wait , young man . you can not escape destiny by run away . harker : ( shake the old man 's hand and continue walk ) at the estate Office of agent renfield renfield read a letter the agent renfield be a strange man , and there be unpleasant rumor about he . enter harker renfield : here be a important letter from transylvania . Count dracula wish to buy a house in we city . it 's a good opportunity for you , harker . the Count be rich , and free with he money . you will have a marvelous journey . and , young as you be , what matter if it cost you some pain -- or even a little blood ? the house face yours ... that should suit he . leave at once , my young friend . and do not be frighten if people speak of transylvania as the land of phantom . at the Home of the harker harker : I may be away for several month , Nina . renfield be send I to some lose corner of the carpathian . nina : ( look worried ) harker leave Nina with he good friend , westenra and he wife Lucy . outside the Westenra ' House Nina run to say goodbye to harker harker : do not worry , Nina , nothing can happen to I . harker mount a horse and ride away ***************************************** T R a N S y L V a N I a > from relay to relay , through the dust raise by the stage , harker hurried on . a coach speed along rugge countryside evening a Village Inn harker disembark from the coach and enter the Inn . harker : dinner , quickly ! I should already be at Count dracula 's castle ! the inn patron look away in worry . innkeeper : you must not leave now ! the evil spirit become all - powerful after dark ! harker : ( chuckle to himself ) in a room at the Inn harker undress for bed he read from a book leave on the bedtable the book of the vampire ... and it be in 1443 that the first nosferatu be bear . that name ring like the cry of a bird of prey . never speak it aloud ... Men do not always recognize the danger that beast can sense at certain time . harker : ( laugh and go to bed ) outside the window , a hyena prowl Village horse scatter in fear Village woman cower in terror morning outside the Inn a coach depart late afternoon in the carpathian Mountains the coach speed along mountain road passenger : hurry ! the sun will soon be set . at dusk that evening at a crossroad the coach stop and harker disembark driver : we will go no further , sir . not for a fortune ! we will go no further . here begin the land of the phantom . the driver throw down harker 's luggage harker : ( walk away , crossing over a bridge ) and when he have cross the bridge , the phantom come to meet he . harker be meet by a coach which carry he to Castle dracula a the Castle harker be greet by the nosferatu Count nosferatu : you be late , young man . it be almost midnight . my servant have all retire . he lead harker to sup at a dining table harker : ( cut finger on a bread knife ) nosferatu : blood ! you precious blood ! harker warily back away nosferatu : let we chat together a moment , my friend . there be still several hour until dawn , and I have the whole day to sleep . he lead harker to a chair by a fireplace as the sun rise , harker feel himself freed from the oppression of the night . harker awaken he note two mark on he neck later that morning harker walk in the countryside around the Castle he find a gazebo and write there a letter to Nina Nina , my beloved - do not be unhappy . though I be far away , I love you . this be a strange country . after my first night in the castle , I find two large bite on my neck . from mosquito ? from spider ? I do not know . I have have some frightful dream , but they be only dream . you must not worry about I . I be leave immediately to return to bremen - - and to you . harker stop a traveler and give he the letter to post as twilight come on , the empty castle become alive with menace shadow . in the parlour at Castle dracula harker and the nosferatu review legal papers the Count see harker 's picture of Nina nosferatu : be this you wife ? what a lovely throat ! that old mansion seem quite satisfactory . we shall be neighbor . Count sign the document that night in harker 's bedroom harker pack away Nina 's picture he find the Book of the vampire and read more nosferatu drink the blood of the young , the blood necessary to he own existence . one can recognize the mark of the vampire by the trace of he fang on the victim 's throat . harker : ( peek out he bedroom door ) count : ( stand motionlessly at the end of the hall ) harker : ( quickly close he bedroom door , look out the window at the river far below , and climb into he bed ) enter the Count that same night in bremen , in a somnabulistic dream ... at the home of the Westenra nina : ( awaken in a trance and walk out to the terrace ) westenra follow westenra : Nina ? Nina collapse in westenra 's arm enter servant westenra : the doctor , quickly ! later that night in harker 's bedroom in Castle dracula the Count advance on harker as he lie asleep meanwhile in Nina 's bedroom in bremen the doctor , westenra and Lucy stand over Nina as she sleep nina : ( suddenly sit up ) jonathon ! jonathon ! hear I ! moment later in harker 's bedroom in Castle dracula the Count turn from harker 's sleep body exit the Count meanwhile in Nina 's bedroom in bremen nina : ( sigh relief and return to sleep ) doctor : a sudden fever . the doctor laid Nina 's trance to some unknown disease . since then I have learn that she have sense the menace of nosferatu that very night . and harker , far away , have hear she cry of warning . the next morning in harker 's bedroom at Castle dracula harker awaken he rush from he bedroom out into the courtyard and wander into a crypt he find the Count lie in a coffin exit harker , horrife early that evening harker look out he bedroom window he see the Count load coffin on a horse - draw cart count : ( climb into a coffin and close the lid ) exit horse , cart , coffin and Count harker : ( make a rope from a bedsheet and climb out window ) harker fall to the ground below and be knock unconscious the next day a cargo- bear raft float down a river the man little suspect what terrible cargo they be carry down the valley . several day later in a hospital room somewhere in transylvania a nurse and doctor tend to harker at he bedside nurse : some peasant bring he here last evening . he still have a high fever . harker : ( leap up suddenly ) coffins ! coffins fill with earth ! in a shipyard sailor load crate onto a ship tipping over one crate , they find only dirt and rat nosferatu be en route ; and with he disaster approach bremen . at the same time , Dr. Van helsing be give a course on the secret of nature and they strange correspondence to human life . the professor tell he student about the existence of a carnivourous plant . ******************************** B R E m E N Professor Van helsing 's Laboratory Van helsing and four colleague watch as a venus flytrap trap a fly . van helsing : astonish , be not it , gentleman ? that plant be the vampire of the vegetable kingdom . nosferatu hold renfield under he influence from afar . at the sanatarium a attendant enter the doctor 's quarter attendant : that patient who be bring in yesterday have go out of he mind ! in renfield 's cell at the sanatarium enter Doctor and attendant renfield : ( catch and eat fly ) blood ! blood ! renfield leap at Doctor attendant subdue renfield in Van helsing 's Laboratory Van helsing and colleague peer into a tank van helsing : and now , gentleman , here be another type of vampire : a polyp with claw ... transparent , without substance , almost a phantom . Nina be often see alone among the dune , watch and wait for she husband 's return . on the dune overlook the sea Nina sit on a bench look out to sea . Lucy and western bring Nina the letter from harker meanwhile in harker 's Hospital room somewhere in transylvania harker dress for he journey back to bremen at the same time in renfield 's cell at the sanatarium in bremen renfield unfold a newspaper clipping and read it new plague baffle science a mysterious epidemic of the plaque have break out in eastern Europe in the port city of the Black Sea , attack principally the young and vigourous . Cause of the two bloody mark on the neck of each victim baffle the medical profession . renfield : ( laugh ) aboard the demester , first one man be stricken , then all . in the hold of the demeter Captain tend to a sick sailor the Count appear briefly then fade one evening at sundown , the captain and he first mate bury the last man of the crew . on the deck of the demeter Captain and first mate toss a body overboard first mate : I be go below . I want to have a look in the hold . in the hold of the demeter first mate see the nosferatu rise from he coffin first mate : ( rush topside and leap overboard ) captain : ( tie himself to the sterring wheel ) the nosferatu approach the Captain despite all sort of obstacle , harker push on towards bremen . meanwhile , drive by the fatal breath of the vampire , the vessel move rapidly towards the baltic . one night at the Westenra ' House Nina sleepwalk to the terrace Lucy follow Nina nina : he 's come . I must go to meet he . in the bremen harbour the demeter sail into port in renfield 's cell at the sanatarium renfield attempt to climb out he window renfield : the master be come ! the master be here ! renfield escape I have long try to understand why nosferatu travel with the earth - fill coffin . recently I discover that to preserve they diabolic power , vampire must sleep during the day in the same unhallow ground in which they have be bury . the Count carry he coffin from the harbour to he newly - purchase house in bremen meanwhile at the Westenra ' House harker return and be meet by Nina nina : jonathon ! thank God you be safe ! now I feel that I too have be save ! the next morning in the bremen harbour official search the demeter the captain be find dead at the wheel official : we could not find a single live soul on board ! a second official discover the ship 's log ship 's log - varna to bremen 24 April 1838 pass the dardanelle - East wind - carry 5 passenger , mate , crew of 7 , and myself , the Captain . 6 May 1838 rounded cape of inatagran - one of my man , the strongest , be sick - Crew be restless , uneasy . 7 May 1838 mate report stowaway hide below deck - will investigate . 18 May 1838 pass Gibraltar - panic on board - Three man dead already - mate out of he mind - rat in the hold - I fear the plague . burgomaster : the plague be here ! stay in you house ! hour later in the desert street of bremen towncrier read a notice ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ notice ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ to halt the spread of the plague , the burgomaster of bremen forbid the citizen of this city to bring they sick to the hospital until further notice . Nina have promise she husband never to open the Book of the vampire , but she find herself unable to resist the temptation . in the live room of the harker Nina read from the Book of the vampire one can recognize the mark of the vampire by the trace of he fang on the victim 's throat . only a woman can break he frightful spell - - a woman pure in heart -- who will offer she blood freely to nosferatu and will keep the vampire by she side until after the cock have crow . enter harker nina : ( point out the window to the mansion across the street ) look ! every night , in front of I ! the townspeople live in mortal terror . who be sick or die ? who will be stricken tomorrow ? at the harker ' House Nina lie sick in bed harker : do not be frighten . I will get the professor . exit harker Nina look out the window at the line of coffin be carry along the street she read from the Book of the vampire only a woman can break he frightful spell - - a woman pure in heart -- who will offer she blood freely to nosferatu and will keep the vampire by she side until after the cock have crow . meanwhile outside the sanatarium two old woman talk to each other old woman : they see he escape . he strangle he keeper . renfield run down a alley , pursue by a crowd he climb onto a roof the crowd throw rock at he he climb down and run outside of town the crowd pursue that night in the harker ' bedroom Nina be awaken by the nosferatu outside she window she open the window harker awaken and Nina faint in he arm harker : the professor ! call the professor ! exit harker enter the nosferatu the next morning in the harker ' bedroom the cock crow the nosferatu look up from drink at Nina 's neck meanwhile in renfield 's cell at the sanatarium renfield : master ! master ! beware ! outside the harker ' House harker and Van helsing arrive in the harker ' bedroom sunlight sweep across the building across the street from Nina 's window nosferatu attempt to escape but be touch by the sunlight he vanish in a puff of smoke in renfield 's cell at the sanatarium renfield : the master be dead . in the harker ' bedroom Nina awaken enter harker nina : jonathon ! harker take Nina in he arm as she die and at that moment , as if by a miracle , the sick no longer die , and the stifling shadow of the vampire vanish with the morning sun . the end