screenplay by patrick marber | base on the book by zoe heller ali . rights reserve . '' copyright 2005 . DNA film lot . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including any wrb site , without the prior written consent of twentieth century fox film corporation . disposal of this script copy doe not altrr any of the restriction set forth above . fade in : ext . parliament hill , NORTH london - day ( september ) Barbara alone on a bench . she be high above the city , the view be magnificent . she watch the couple , kid play , family . barbara ( v.0 . ) people have always trust I with they secret . int . sitting room - day Barbara write she diary in she one bedroom , basement flat . barbara ( v.0 . ) but who do I trust with mine ? a whole shelf of hardback notebook , she collection of diary dating back to the 1950' . barbara ( v.o. ) you . only you . ext . archway road - early morning the roar of traffic . the urban ravine of the archway Road . the red , black and gold cast-iron ' suicide bridge 's which straddle it . Barbara drive to work in she old W polo . ext . ST GEORGE 's school / car park —- morning the school be a bleak , victorian building with various modern add - on . Barbara lock she car and head for the main entrance . int . classroom —- minute later Barbara take out she lesson planner , text book , registrar . she organize they neatly on she desk . Barbara stare at the row of empty desk and chair . barbara ( v.0 . ) the first day of a new term . sound of pupil arrive outside . Barbara observe they from she high window . ext . school - day kid in school uniform stream through the gate . barbara ( v.0 . ) here come the local pubescent prole . they play football , gossip , fight and skirmish . a diverse ethnic mix , about fifty percent white . barbara ( v.o. ) the future shop assistant and plumber . and doubtless the odd terrorist too . a teacher ( brian ) oversee the general activity . sheba hart come in through the main gate push she tatty , old bicycle . she look a little lose . Brian direct she to the bike rack . int / ext . reception area / MAIN courtyard - later Barbara watch ted mawson ( deputy head ) outside with sheba , he 's introduce she to member of staff pass by . barbara ( v.0 . ) in the old day we confiscate cigarettes and ' wank mag 's . now it 's knife and crack cocaine . and they call it progress . the school bell ring and sheba be whisk away in another direction . int . classroom - another day Barbara write ' wittenberg 's on the board . other stray phrase already there : ' diet of worm 's ' Martin luther 's . she 's teach ' the reformation 's to a class of bored 16 year old . the bell ring . the kid immediately snatch up they hook to leave . Barbara make a gesture - they sit back down . rid ( under he breath ) fuckin 's poison granny . Barbara survey she class . another gesture : ' you may go 's . int . sport hall - after - noon ( a week later ) a committee meeting of around twenty teachers chaire by the headmaster , sandy pabblem . his secretary ( gita ) take note . the staff sit in chair in a circle , Barbara amongst they . in pass we see teacher elaine clifford and sue hodge . pabblem before we start , can that of you who have not deliver you report please lob ‘em in my general direction . he go round the circle . staff hand he they school issue report file , all thick with they work . pabblem thanks Bill , Elaine . thank you , Linda - how 's greg ? linda a bit better , thanks . he hold he hand together - a gesture of emotional solidarity . pabblem good , good . sheba come in mouth apology for she lateness . pabblem ah ! have everyone meet we new Art teacher , sheba hart ? General murmar of ' hello 's and ' welcome 's . pabblem I have invite sheba to sit in on this meeting . as you know , I regard the Arts as absolutely central to we policy of ' reform through nurture . 's Barbara gesture to the empty chair beside she . but another teacher ( bill rumer ) be comically commanding sheba to sit next to he . which she do . pabblem welcome to you . sheba take out a note-pad and pen , look nervous but keen . pabblem continue collect the report . pabblem thank you , Sue . ooh , that 's a big one ! i’1ll be up ' till the crack of dawn . anyone else not hand in they homework ? he turn to Barbara , a hint of nervousness . pabblem Barbara ...? Barbara coolly produce she file . it 's impossibly thin . pabblem pretend to weigh it on he hand go that other can witness its paucity . encourage by polite laughter he open it to reveal a single sheet of type paper . pabblem this be you report ? on the History Department ? on its entire working ? and you general thought for its future development ? barbara you will find it 's quite thorough , headmaster . the teacher look tense but one or two be secretly amused — this be vintage Barbara . gita look appal . pabblem stare at the report ; it 's one paragraph long . pabblem ( read aloud ) ' the History Department function much as one would expect for a school of this stature and intake . examination result have be consistent for thirty year ; below the national average but above the level of catastrophe . recommendation : no change necessary 's . Barbara look innocent , defy pabblem to explode - barbara it take I most of the summer to write it . he stare at she in impotent fury . Barbara sneak a look at sheba . barbara ( v.0 . ) hard to read the wispy novice . be she a sphinx or simply stupid ? ext . playground - lunch — time ( a week later ) sheba on playground duty , wrap in a coat , she 's patrol amongst the child . Barbara lurk nearby . barbara ( v.o. ) artfully dishevel today . the tweedy tramp coat be a abhorrence . it seem to say , ' I be just like you 's . but clearly she be not . sheba intervene between two kid sparring for a fight . barbara ( v.0 . ) a fey person , I suspect . fey . suddenly - a roar from some boy play football . the goal scorer , a boy of fifteen , celebrate by whipping he shirt off and wave it in jubilation - naked from the waist up . barbara put you shirt on ! boy I get the winner , miss ! barbara glory be . shirt . Barbara glance at sheba . she seem to be look straight at she . Barbara wonder if sheba disapprove she tick off the boy . as he run away : barbara good goal ! int . school canteen - day Barbara with she tray cate lunch . barbara ( v.0 . ) she have certainly ripple the water of we stagnant pond . they flock to she . she watch Brian approach sheba . barbara ( v.0o . ) even limp , little Brian have a go . oh , the ' horror . other teachers , almost queuing for sheba 's attention . : int / ext . canteen / courtyard - another day barbara ( v.o. ) and fatty Hodge have pounce on she . Barbara at a grubby canteen table - watch with a seemingly benign smile . sheba and sue hodge be on a bench outside , bath in sunlight as they eat they sandwich . barbara ( v.0 . ) a dubious double - act ; the blonde and the pig in knicker . Sue chew like a rabbit as sheba chortle . int . staff room - a week later Barbara on a break . a few other teachers dot around . Brian come in look a little sheepish . brian I just go past the Art Studio ... Barbara glance up - brian . it 's bloody Lord of the fly in there . elaine clifford have they go for she ? brian ( nod ) torn she poster down , full on paint fight , they be chant , ' get you tit out for the lad 's . Girls too . it 's carnage . Barbara look concerned , share a shake of the head with Elaine . Bill look up from the coffee station . bill how be madam ? brian totally lose it . ( imitate sheba ) ' stop it ! stop it you little fuck bastard . 's elaine you should have step in . Brian look anxious , think she 's right . bill he do not want to patronize the little lady . she 'il be alright . the bourgeoisie need a good pasting now and then , remind ‘em where the true power reside . he lob a tea-bag in he mug . bill this time next year she will be headmistress . antonia - another teacher - explode : antonia oh Christ , will you shut up ?! I be try to work ! she gesture to a mountain of school book she 's mark . bill ( sarcastic ) sorry , sorry . char , anyone ? ( pointedly ) babs ? barbara milk , no sugar . bill sweet enough ? barbara evidently . elaine do not she father invent inflation ? brian you what ? elaine be not she dad that academic ; Donald whatsit ? economics bloke , he invent the word ' inflation 's . brian ( lie ) oh yeah , yeah , I know who you mean . barbara I think you will find that Mrs hart 's father be Professor Ronald Taylor . he do not ' invent inflation 's , he devise a theory about the relationship between inflation and consumer expectation . a silence . Brian and Elaine share a look at Barbara 's expense . int . reception area - a week later the school day over . Barbara walk through the lobby . she hear loud noise from the library and go to look . a photocopy sign on the door : homework club . through the window she see two boy fight and sheba desperately try to separate they . other kide encourage the fighter . it 's mayhem . sheba stop this immediately ! stop it both of you or you 'il be up before the head ! Barbara wait : let sheba suffer or be she saviour ? the chaos continue - she take a deep breath then burst in , bellow : int . library - continuous barbara enough ! immediate silence . she part the boy with swift and vigorous force . sheba be hugely relieved but Barbara 's not finish yet . barbara ( to the boy ) outside . now ! the two boy file out . Barbara survey the rest of the class . a boy have a baseball cap on . Barbara point to she head , the boy remove the cap from he own . barbara ( to other kid ) get on with you work ! which they do , at once . and then Barbara march out . sheba be unsure whether she 's suppose to follow . Barbara gesture for she to come with . int . corridor outside library — moment later the boy be look at the floor , hand in pocket . barbara why be they fight , Mrs hart ? sheba the motive be unclear . barbara ( to first boy ) Davis I know - you be a little thug , be not you ? ( to second boy ) and who might you be ? the second boy be steven connolly ( 15 ) . steven ( mumble ) Steven Connolly , miss . barbara what ? steven Steven Connolly , miss . barbara Year ? steven Year ten , miss . barbara ( suddenly remember ) the naked footballer . why be you fight ? ( beat ) it 's a perfectly simple question . steven dunno , miss . barbara you do not know . one minute you be a inert lump , the next you be attempt to castrate a fellow pupil . nothing cccur between this two state ? steven no , miss . barbara ( cod irish accent ) do not be a hero , Connolly , it 's hardly da place . ( pause ) yes ? Brain - mouth - and speak . steven ( reluctantly ) he be say stuff about miss. ( nod at sheba ) he be bang out of order . this be news to sheba . barbara ( to Davis ) what do you say ? davis I never say nothing - barbara ( correct he ) ' I do not say anything 's . ( to Connolly ) what do he say ? oh , come on ! connolly he say she 's a tart ... he say he give she one up the arse . sheba be shocked , Barbara be not . barbara ( to Davis ) do you indeed ? odious boy , apologize at once . davis ( to sheba ) sorry , miss . barbara deputy head in the morning . now back in , both of you . the boy shuffle in to the library . sheba shake she head . barbara Little tower of testosterone , you will get use to they . sheba thank you so much . I have better ... she gesture to the library but Barbara hold out she hand . sheba oh , sorry , we have not meet properly , have we ? sheba hart . Art department . they shake hand . barbara Barbara covett . History . Barbara watch sheba go back in . and smile for the first time . barbara ( v.o. ) quite a nice voice , plummy and deep . as if she mouth be pure , as if she have never have a fill . ext . playground - another day Barbara and sheba on playground duty . they smile at each other . barbara ( v.0 - ) the complexion of a white peach . one can almost see she vein . int . school canteen — another day barbara ( v.0o . ) her trendy politics be similarly transparent . Barbara , sheba and Sue in the busy lunch queue . barbara we serve they best if we teach they to read , write and add . they do not need to know about the basket weaver of chile . sue Barbara 's very keen on the basic . sheba help herself to some sad look coleslaw . sheba ( to Barbara ) but when you start , do not you want to give they a... a real education ? to help they overcome - well ... ( sotto ) -.- the poverty of they background ? barbara yes of course but one soon learn that teach be crowd control - we be a branch of the social service . Barbara spot a boy steal a kit kat . barbara ( to boy ) put it back ! sheba look mournful , Sue try to rally she . sue Console yourself with the gem . every now and then you find one with a agile mind and a will to learn . that 's when it 's satisfy , when you can really make a difference . sheba seem to really ' hear 's this . barbara the rest be just cattle prod and pray . they carry they trays to a vacant table . Barbara watch sheba intently , she seem so defeat by it all . but she sadness be beautiful to behold ... [ a [ 3 barbara ( v.0 . ) I can see why other be beguile by she . ext . art studio - late after - noon ( another day ) Barbara wait outside . barbara ( v.0 . ) but I wonder if she possess the requisite heft ? sheba emerge pull on she coat , surprised to see Barbara there . barbara Fancy a coffee ? sheba mmm . they head off . but then Barbara spot sue emerge from the other side of the playground . she try to usher sheba at speed but Sue be gain on they . a chase ! fatally , Barbara glance back and sheba follow suit . she see the panting Sue and wait for she to join they - much to Barbara 's frustration . int . greasy caff — later Barbara smoking - ever so slightly sulk . Sue and sheba sip cappuccino . Sue mock tap the table with she spoon . sue ahem . I have get a bit of a announcement : barbara you be leave St George 's ? sue no ! barbara ( flatly ) oh , you be pregnant . Sue register a moment of anti-climactic sadness . sheba that 's fantastic ! congratulation ! when be you due ? sue June the seventh . sheba a summer baby , how lovely . barbara so you will be take maternity leave ? sue mmm , can not wait ! Barbara nod , encouragingly . barbara Rest be so important . sheba do you know what it be ? sheba catch Barbara 's eye and suggest she put she cigarette out . Barbara do so but only to please she . sue rog reckon it 's a boy but I be certain it 's a girl . be not they suppose to be iow sling ? I can not believe nobody notice , I be 14 week ! do not you see how chunky I be get ?! Barbara notice a dab of froth on sheba 's nose . she hand she a serviette . sheba thanks she with a smile . ext . chemist / STREET - later Barbara and sheba wait outside . Sue inside buy a hot water bottle . sheba do you want to come for lunch , on Sunday ? barbara where ? sheba to mine , to we house . barbara wo not you be with you family ? sheba yes but you be very welcome . it 's no big deal , I 'il just do a lasagne or something . barbara I adore lasagne . Barbara be almost blush . int . department store - saturday barbara ( v.o. ) bliss ! woman 's wear . a shop assistant nod as Barbara discuss the virtue of a skirt she 's interested in . barbara ( v.o. ) a merry flag on the Arctic wilderness of my calendar . shoe Department . five different pair for consideration . to another shop assistant 's relief Barbara finally plump for a pair of black , low heeler with a strap . int . hairdressers - same day Barbara seemingly asleep while the girl wash she hair . barbara ( v.0 . ) one must make a effort when one receive a invitation . she half open one eye and see the girl make face . the gixl at the next sink mock she own customer similarly . int . barbara 's flat - evening Barbara walk into the bedroom in she new heel . she twirl in front of the mirror , ' catch herself 's . barbara ( v.0 . ) the art of it be seem not to . Barbara carefully spray starch she white blouse . int / ext . barbara 's car / STREET - sunday Barbara cruise down the street look for a space . her vw polo incongrucus amongst the smart car already park . barbara ( v.0 . ) lasagne tend to disagree with my bowel ... she park and take out she compact , touch up she make up . she 's early . and nervous . barbara ( v.o. ) t’1l ask for a small portion . she light a cigarette . determined to stay calm . ext . sheba 's house ~- ten minute later Barbara walk up the front step of a large victorian house . she observe the front garden ; a cherry tree , a rusty bike , a mildew cricket bat handle impale in the unkempt grass . she stand there , pristine in she grey skirt , white blouse , new black heel . she hold a bunch of flower . she compose herself and press the bell . no sound . she try again . wait . nothing . she try the knocker . the door be open by a tall , slightly shaggy man in he late fifty . barbara I think I have come to the wrong house . man ( smile ) . no , you be bang on . I be Richard . come in ! int . hallway - continuous barbara I be so sorry , I think — richard that I ’‘d be twenty year young and twice as handsome . he help she out of she coat . richard sorry , be you out there long ? the bell 's knacker . / lo he dump she coat over the bannister . the hall be cluttere with junk , boot , bicycle etc . richard bash ! a flustered sheba poke she head out the kitchen . sheba hi , Barbara ! the kitchen 's on fire ! Richard raise a eyebrow and usher Barbara : int . sitting room — continuous barbara oh , what a splendid room . richard what can I get you ? we be semi-pro drinker here ; absinthe , hooch , pick you poison . barbara could I have a dry sherry , please ? richard erm ... I might have some apricot brandy knock around ... barbara or a dry white wine ? richard done . have a seat . Barbara take in the room ; the look be ' batter bourgeois 's -— the big sofa , the bare board , painting , overflow bookshelve , Sunday papers . she sit in a armchair and find herself semi-recumbent such be its hide depth . a girl of 15 drift in . she quietly observe as Barbara struggle to sit up . barbara you must be polly . polly ( shrug ) must be . hi. barbara I be Barbara . polly hi , Barbara . polly 's contempt be instantaneous but she make a vague stab at conceal it . she flop into a sofa , sip she bottle of evian . polly be you go somewhere ? barbara Excuse I ? polly you be all posh up . barbara oh ... I have a appointment . later . in town . ( beat ) have you always live here ? polly mum inherite it . it 's she little joke - richard ( come in ) - I only marry she for the property . he carry a open bottle of wine and glass . richard ( to polly ) Morning . he hand drink round . richard do Pete go ? polly nod . richard he be welcome to stay . polly he 's not really into lunch . richard ( to Barbara ) cheer . ib barbara Mom . what be it ? richard a witless chardonnay . barbara be you interested in wine ? richard only the drink part . you ? barbara well , I spend a portion of the summer on the amalfi coast and I become - she 's interrupt by loud thump as someone thunder down the wooden stair . richard here 's trouble ... BEN run in and leap head first onto the sofa . richard easy , Rocky ! easy ! Ben be twelve . he have down 's syndrome . Barbara do not know . she watch Richard and he son playfully fight with each other . barbara ( v.0 . ) I would anticipate a suave , young lawyer and two perfect poppet . not so . she 's marry some crumble patriarch - he 's nearly as old as I ! int . kitchen - later everyone sit at the big table , eat they slightly burnt lasagne and salad - Barbara have a tiny portion , almost untouched . she conceal it with a large lettuce leaf . barbara ( v.0 . ) and then there 's the daughter ; a pocket princess . polly pick at she food , uninterested . ; barbara ( v.0 . ) and finally , a somewhat tiresome court jester . Ben wolf he food down , makin hi 's i habitually . 1 g a mess which sheba wipe up BEN I be go to be a wizard . barbara oh ? ... be that when you nre a growh up ...? sheba no , he 's just be cast in he school play ! Ben beam with pride as sheba hug he . richard ( critic 's voice ) amongst next year 's cultural highlight I greatly look forward to Benjamin hart in the key role of ' the wizard 's . indeed I find myself to be beside myself with anticipation for this doubtless auspicious stage debut . as Richard continue ... barbara ( v.o . ) a rogue image swim through I , hubby 's pruney old mouth purse at sheba 's breast . int . sitting room - later sheba and Ben be dance to ' funky Kingston 's by toot and the maytal up loud on the bang & olufsen . barbara ( v.o. ) after lunch a rather mortify family tradition ... sheba 's quite drunk and have a ball . Richard move to he own slower rhythm amusing the delighted ben. barbara ( v.o. ) they do thing differently in bourgeois bohemia . polly and Barbara , sour bedfellow on the sofa , both mortally embarrassed . polly offer Barbara a fag which she accept gratefully . 0 as the music continue Barbara 's expression change : she admiration for sheba 's enthusiasm , she love for she son , she natural warmth , she beauty ... as sheba dance Barbara be almost overcome by she . Richard groove up and encourage polly to join in . she bat he away and draw on she marlboro Light . now he try to haul Barbara to she foot , she protest but he 's relentless . polly - the traitor - ' help 's she up . Barbara stand in the centre of the room . a awkward moment as she half raise she arm for a formal dance but Richard 's not there to reciprocate . Ben grab Barbara 's hand and they dance . a mobile phone ring - unheard by all except polly . she pass it to she mother . sheba go out into the hallway to speak . her conversation seem intense , possibly furtive ... ext . garden ~ later Richard and Ben be play french cricket . the garden be large , rambling and overgrown . Barbara and sheba head to a partially conceal summer house at the back . sheba carry coffee and biscuit on a tray . sheba I be sorry I do not tell you about Ben - not that it 's - just sometimes people do not quite know how to react . barbara wot at ali , he 's charming . ( beat ) have it be difficult ? sheba well , you just get on with it , do not you ? polly 's the tricky one but who be not at fifteen ? I be impossible . barbara surely not ! sheba wilful and flighty - lethal combination . you ? barbara I think I be rather quiet . sheba do you want child ? barbara mmm . but I never find the time . they reach the large , bashed up summer house . barbara how wonderful . sheba Richard take I away for we wedding anniversary , year ago . when we get back it be here , as if by magic . they go inside . int . summer house -— continuous . Barbara sip she coffee , conscious she 's in sheba 's ' lair 's and feel privileged to be so . the ' studio 's be full of sheba 's pottery work , drawing and sketches . a comfy , messy de of curio and artefact . sheba it be suppose to be my studio but it 's more of a refuge really . barbara a room of one 's own . there 's a big stack of vinyl lp 's and 7 '' singles by the stereo . a large photo pin to the wall amongst a collage of other image . sheba as a teemager with a gang of friend , exotically dress in post punk splendour - heavy eye make up etc . threaten , confident , sexy . barbara be this you ? sheba well ... it be . Barbara admire some glaze plate on a shelf . barbara I like this . such vibrant colour . ae 3 sheba take one . take two . have the lot actually . barbara oh , I could not possibly . sheba take a few down and hand they to she . sheba honestly , no one else want they . barbara I will treasure they . too intense , too much - Barbara know it . sheba start wrapping the plate in old newspaper . Barbara carefully sit on a rickety chair . barbara it must be exhaust , run a family and teach as well ? sheba I can not wait for term to end . Roll on Christmas and a month of sod all . oh , I should not have kidd myself I could teach . I have spend the last ten year look after Ben - I be desperate to get out and do something - finally we get he into this great local school and I be free to work and ... she shake she head at the difficulty of it all . barbara you ’‘re go to be a terrific teacher . sheba thanks , but I be bloody hopeless and everyone know it . she finish with the plate and flop into the shabby , old sofa . barbara Children be feral , do not let they sense you anxiety . sheba how do you cope ? barbara oh , I be a battle - axe . I be not popular but at least they respect I . sheba well , you be popular with I . Barbara smile . a hint of therapist and patient . Barbara on she chair , sheba on the couch - the hip bone expose , the ankle , she hand wave as she continue to talk . barbara ( v.0 ) she speak of she ' vile 's mother , she grief over the death of she father , the glory day when Richard scoop she up and then jettison he wife and child for what she call a ' non stop fuckfest . 's it 's a peculiar trait of the privileged : immediate , incautious intimacy . but sheba go well beyond the tendency of she class . she be utterly candid ; a novice confess to the mother superior . it 's get dark outside . Richard and Ben have go in . the atmosphere in the summer House be intimate now , sisterly . sheba conclude she long speech : sheba but you know , marriage and kid , it 's wonderful but it do not give you meaning . it give you a imperative but it do not help you ... my father use to say - you know on the tube - ' mind the gap 's . Barbara look a little confuse . sheba I dunno , the distance between life as you dream it and ... ( softly ) ... life as it be . Barbara stare at she , rapt . barbara I know exactly what you mean . int . sitting room - that night close : a gold star on a page of Barbara 's diary - ws barbara ( v.o. ) a gold star day ! she stick the star down with she thumb . barbara ( v.0o . ) I aiway know we have be friend . out mutual reserve inhibit we but now it be manifest ; a spiritual recognition ! as she continue to write we see the strangely anodyne possession of she life : the trinket , the cat toy , etc . int . school hall ~ day Assembly . pabblem make announcement . the pupil sit in row . staff on a raise platform . barbara ( v.0 . ) ' be and I share the ability to see through the quotidian awfulness of thing . in a different ( better ) age we would be lady of leisure ; lunching together , visit gallery , travel , put the world to rights . Barbara sit behind sheba who be casually twirling the hair at the back of she neck . a strand fall into Barbara 's lap . barbara ( v.o. ) we would be companion . the strand of hair taut between she finger . int . school hall - late after - noon ( december ) the school carol concert . the last day of term . a school band on stage do a ' rap 's version of ' hark the Herald angel sing 's . toast each other , the hood , the attitude . Sue Hodge be conduct they , gleefully . pabblem beam . this be what he school be all about . Brian be into the groove . he wear a tottenham hotspur baseball cap and stuff a mince pie in he gob . gita fake enjoyment — in common with many other staff _ the kid be allow to ' dress down 's . some be in festive fancy dress . some clap along . other throw food around . Barbara sit at the end of a row . a empty seat beside she . Bill try to sit in it but Barbara say it 's reserve . she look around for sheba . not here . she slip out of the room . int . barbaram classroom . Barbara go over to the window and look out . it 's dark outside . there 's a dim light on in the Art Studio . int . school corridor . Barbara head for the exit . Christmas decoration and child 's art fill the wall . the rap music echoe down the empty corridor . ext . playground . the playground in darkness . Barbara head towards the Art Studio . the light still on . but then it go out . Barbara wait for sheba to emerge . but she do not . now Barbara approach , perplex ... she hear a noise - a chair scraping back - male laughter , a ' shhh 's - silence . Barbara sneak up to a window . stand on tip toe she can just see inside . darkness . footstep . a murmur ... and then ... a match ... a tiny flare of light . and then a orange glow - a cigarette . still she can not see properly , she eye beginning to adjust . she can make out sheba 's desk now ... and sheba sit on she chair at the desk ... er shirt undone to the waist ... Barbara hold she breath . alo to sheba 's mouth - she 's say something ... and now the orange glow come back into view . she see a white shirt . a man hold a cigarette . sheba gesture - something to do with the cigarette ... the man stand in front of sheba . a playful exchange of word . he put the cigarette out . sheba nod and then undoe he zip . pull he towards she . Barbara watch as sheba give head . the man come quickly . sheba 's hand on he mouth , silencing he . Barbara 's hand on she own mouth . distant applause and stamp . the carol concert 's finish . the lover hear the applause . they kiss passionately . sheba button she shirt . he go to the door and slip out . Barbara edge round the building to see he ... it 's that boy — fifteen year old - steven connolly . Barbara grip the wall for support . Steven head towards the school gate pull he coat on and lug he school bag over he shoulder . the Art Studio light flash on . Barbara turn back , see sheba pick something from the floor - a fag butt . she wrap it in paper and pocket it . child and staff start stream out the school door . Barbara alone for a moment before she 's engulf . int . sitting room - night Barbara sit in she armchair , still in shock . think . ext . supermarket car park - day sheba and Ben load the car with they shopping . sheba hump a box of mineral water into the boot . her mobile ring , she answer . barbara ( v.0 ) it 's Barbara . I need to talk to you about Steven Connolly . sheba freeze . the best she can do : sheba ( in phone ) who ...? intercut as necessary int . sitting room - same time a thin smile from Barbara . barbara ( in phone ) let 's not , shall we ? I be afraid I have learn of you ' activity 's . sheba - horrify - before she can respond : barbara doubtless you be aware you could go to jail . I be drive to eastbourne tonight , I be spend Christmas with my sister . i’1l be with you at five . Barbara put the phone down . silence . then , a strange croak . her cat , portia , have vomit at she foot . ext . sheba 's house - early evening before Barbara can knock sheba come out in she coat . sheba let 's go to the pub , ok ? barbara I bring you this , for all of you . a Barbara hand she a bottle of sherry . sheba look at . it like it 's a bomb , then deposit it inside the door . ext . highgate street / pub - moment later they walk in silence . sheba sick with fear . Barbara have to double she pace to keep up . they arrive at the pub . it 's festoon with festive cheer . a couple of drunk barge past they sing carol . Barbara gesture to a wooden table with bench , chain to the wall outside - quieter . ext . pub - later sheba and Barbara sit with they drink - a dry sherry and a hefty scotch . Barbara light a cigarette . sheba be shaking with fear ( and cold ) . ' sheba so ... when ... when will you tell they ? Barbara be inscrutable , relishing she power . barbara , I need to know the circumstance . you must inform I of everything . sheba take a slug of she drink , she only option to comply . sheba actually , you be there , when I first notice he ... ext . playground — flashback a roar . Steven score he goal then whip he shirt off and point in glory at sheba . sheba ( v.0o . ) I think you give he a tell off . barbara ( v-.0o . ) no , I give he a slight tick off . sheba give Steven a little smile - sheba ( v.0 . ) be dedicated he goal to I . it be just a sweet thing , it amused I . Steven run off past Barbara who tell he to put he shirt back on . but sheba continue to gaze at the boy - he smooth skin , he hip , he muscle move as he pull the shirt over he head . int . art studio - after - noon sheba alone , repair she tear poster . sheba ( v.0 . ) a few day later he come to see I . steven come in carry a large envelope . steven miss , would you look at my drawing , please ? sheba I 'il look at they in class . you do Art , do not you ? steven I be not allow ... ( embarrassed ) I be special need . I gotta do extra read instead . sheba you do this at home ? he nod and hand she the envelope . sheba look at the boy 's ' work 's . pencil sketches of fruit , a4 can of coke , a woman vaguely like herself , he own hand ..- sheba this be good . you can draw . Steven be thrilled . sheba hand be very difficult , be not they ? steven yeah , they be a right bastard . =o 3 sheba you have to really study they , the bone structure ... look ... she do a quick sketch of he hand . she 's talented , deat . her sketch be simple but clear . steven can I keep it , miss ? she hand it to he - unsure if she 's already cross a line . sheba ( v.0 . ) I tell he I have speak to the deputy head , look into he timetable . int . corridor - day sheba with Ted mawson . kid stream past between lesson . ted if we start pull string for one child the whole system would unravel . sheba but he 's talented , he 's actually find something he believe in ! ted ch , they be all talented ! CUT back to : ext . pub - evening sheba and Barbara at they table . Barbara look steely - barbara you have find you ' gem 's as Sue would say ? sheba . I say I have teach he after school , but only if he feel like it . it 's we job , be not it ? barbara | within specify hour and a specify curriculum . sheba he come every day for two week . yes , i be flatter but more than that I be excited to find someone who actualiy want to learn . barbara but you must have suspect he motive ? int . art studio - day sheba show Steven a book of Da vinci 's drawing - sheba ( v.0 . ) I sense he have a little crush on I but so what ? it be innocent . steven so he invent a sort of helicopter five hundred year ago ? do you brain in . sheba smile , charme by he . another day : Steven 's new draw of he hand . a slight improvement . sheba that 's so much better . look , you have absolutely get that knuckle . steven ( grin ) naile it . she 's pleased for he and ruffle he hair . mistake . she know it instantly . steven do that again , miss . sheba do not be silly . off you go - she get up , start tidy , push chair under desk . he leap up to help she . steven what you have for tea , miss ? sheba I do not know , I x11 probably buy something on the way home . steven be you a good cook ? sheba not really . steven you suck ? pause . she narrow she eye . sheba go home , Steven . he stare at she and then leave . sheba put on she coat . barbara ( v.0 . ) that 's when you should have stop it . int . outside sport hall - day sheba ( v.0 . ) I do ! I tell he I would not teach he anymore . busy lobby area . sheba come out of a meeting , carry papers and file . Steven , in sport kit , suddenly throw she a football . steven miss ! sheba catch it and sternly hand it back to he . sheba ( v.o . ) he would not accept it . he just keep come back . ext . STREET - another day sheba cycle home . she pass Steven in the street . he gaze at she . sheba ( v.0 . ) it begin to feel like ' we secret 's . and secret can be seductive ... ext . delicatessen / STREET - another day sheba come out with a bag of shopping . Steven be polish she saddle with he sleeve . he finish with a flourish and stand back gesture for she to alight . she dump she bag in the bike basket . sheba what be you do here ? steven I live here . he gesture to the tower block of a grim look estate . steven ' s’‘alright , apart from the crack 'ead and that . some bloke get stab last week - sheba look concerned . he steady the bike as she fiddle with the chunky lock . sheba I be go now . good day to you , young man . steven D 's you wanna come for a walk ? sheba absolutely not ! I '' go home to my family . as should you . she climb on the bike . he 's still hold the handlebar . steven my dad 's get the hump . he get sack , be take it out on I . he gesture with he arm , sheba look shocked . sheba he hit you ? Steven vaguely nod , embarrassed - sheba do you mother know ? _ a she look at face . steven ( shake head ) she 's get this kidney problem , be wait month for a operation . I do not wanna give she more grief . sheba you could call the Social service . they 's 11 come and see he , give he a warning . steven ( shrug ) I x11 be alright . sheba if he do it again you tell I , ok ? steven thanks , miss . he , full of sympathy . he lean in and hold she steven you be beautiful , miss . you do not know how beautiful you be . before she can respond he 's on he way . ext . pub . Barbara look at sheba reproachfully . sheba ( desperately explain ) my heart go out to he ... he be so vulnerable . I know it be wrong and immoral and completely ridiculous but ... I do not know ... I just ... allow it to happen . barbara the boy be fifteen ! sheba but he 's quite mature for he age . barbara ' but 's be not a helpful word here ! he 's a minor and you have break the law . sheba nod , chasten , pupil to teacher . sheba this 'il sound sick but something in I feel ... entitle . int . school corridor - day between lesson . staff and pupil come in and out of classroom . sheba ( v.0 . ) I have be good ali my adult life ; decent wife , dutiful mother , cope with Ben ... Steven pass sheba in the crush of body , he slip she a handwritten note . int . art studio — later sheba struggle to control she class as they splatter each other with paint . sheba ( v.0 . ) this voice inside I be go , 's why should not you be bad ? she sit at she desk and read the note : ' meet I at 8 tonight . please .' his mobile number be scrawle below it . int . sheba 's house , sitting room / hall - that evening . sheba in a armchair with a glass of wine . sheba ( v.o . ) ' why should not you transgress ? you have earn the right . 's Ben be watch tv with Richard . sheba check she watch : 7.45 . she stare at she husband and son . she decide . she get up , ruffle Ben 's hair , kiss he on the top of the head . sheba Sue phone , ok if I go for a drink ? richard sure . in 1l put bugalug to bed . he tickle Ben as sheba go out into the Hall . a0 4 she check herself in the mirror . polly emerge from the kitchen talk intensely on she mobile . sheba flinch , somehow feel ' catch 's . sheba I be just go for a drink , with Sue . polly point to she phone ' I be busy 's - and slope upstairs . ext . pub . barbara why Sue ? sheba gulp she scotch , feel the cold . sheba dunno , first person I think of . on Barbara : disappointed . ex£ . railway arch - night sheba lock she bike to a railing . she make she way to the meeting place , giddy with anticipation . sheba ( v.0 . ) I remember that gorgeous feel , like be sixteen . I be go to give you what you want and you do not know it yet . Steven be wait there , smoking . steven even , miss . she look he in the eye . sheba have you do this before ? he nod but he cockiness be slightly diminish . steven not with someone like you , I mean ... a proper woman . she touch he cheek , tenderly . they walk together . ext . disuse railway yard ~ night sheba follow Steven down a ' alley 's between a disus train and a siding . Steven stop . a clear . he put he coat down . steven make yourself comfortable . he look at sheba , barely believe he luck . sheba it 's incredibly important that we keep this secret . do anyone know you be here ? steven no . sheba you can not tell anyone , ever . she stare at he . he take she hand , soothes she ... steven miss , I be no genius but I aint no dickhead . I wont tell anyone . you can trust I . sheba ( distantly ) we would both get into terrible trouble . Steven look into she eye . she kiss he . they fall onto the ground . they start make out like teenager - laughter , gasp and elbow bang . sheba ( v.o. ) it be easy . like have another drink when you know you should not . sheba and Steven fuck . semi-cloth . it 's very quick . steven miss ? sheba what ? he murmur in she ear . 33 sheba what ? ( he murmur again ) what ?! steven can I come inside you ? sheba yes ! and he do . sheba hold he tight . later : Steven lie on she stomach . she stroke he hair . he reach for he cigarettes . thinks . steven can I smoke , miss ? sheba you can do what you want . but enough of this ' miss 's . he grin . light a fag , offer she one , she shake she head . Steven crack open a can of beer and offer she the other . she take it and swig some . he watch she intently . steven be you a model once ? sheba shake she head . steven you shoulda be . you be well fit . sheba '' gosh but do not I know it '. steven you be into ' the street 's ?! sheba my daughter be . steven she the same age as I ? sheba none of you beeswax . he 's smart enough not to persist . steven anyway , the point be you be fit . sheba well , so be you . steven you reckon ? my sister say I look like a bollock with measle . sheba ( shake she head ) you have do my brain in . they toast each other in the moonlight . it 's freezing cold and they start to button up they clothes . but Steven can not bear to let she go , he stop she do up she shirt , kiss she . steven you wanna do it again ? sheba smile . Men can not do this . steven what ? what ? she laugh then see he 's get upset . sheba yes . I want to do it again . she pull he towards she and feel he cock . sheba I want to do it again . int . sheba 's house - that night sheba park she bike in the hall . as she check herself in the mirror , a angry voice from the sit room : richard ( 0.s. ) oh , you tart ! you feckless bitch ! sheba freeze - then realize he 's shouting at the tv . she go into the sit room . Richard be slobbed out on the sofa , remote control perch on he belly . he raise a arm in greeting . hi richard I be die ! this people be kill I ! I be have a coronary right here on this sofa . sheba coffee ? richard Love one . add a vat of scotch will you ? ( at tv ) answer the question ! it 's ' yes 's or ' no 's you dozy , old bastard ! sheba ( amused ) Change channel . she go in to the kitchen . richard I keep flipping back . I be in a orgy of masochism . sheba start make coffee . the fridge with its collage of family photo and school schedule . the clutter of family life ... ext . pub - night Barbara stub another cigarette out , she 's realize something . barbara the day we meet , it have already begin ? int . school corridor —- ( flashback ) the ' homework Club 's day . Steven and Davis get a dress down from Barbara as sheba watch . sheba ( v.o - ) yes . barbara ( v.0 - ) you have further relation that day ? ext . pub - sheba think , truth be best policy here . sheba we go to the Art room . barbara well , I be glad I be such a aphrodisiac . I be try to help you . sheba and you do . I be incredibly grateful . you have be such a good friend . barbara ( quietly ) not reciprocate it seem . sheba suddenly see that Barbara 's anger be personal ~— and potentially explosive . she proceed carefully ... sheba I desperately want to confess to you . but how could I ? ... Barbara ...? she wait until Barbara look at she . sheba it would have put you in a impossible situation . but I so wish I have . you have have make I see sense . Barbara consider , be sheba ' play 's she ? no , impossible . they sit in silence . Barbara watch sheba - then blink : barbara ( v.0 . ) and then I realize my fury have blind I ... sheba do we need moxre drink ? Barbara nod , mile away . sheba but can we go inside ? I be freezing . barbara ( v-.0o . ) there be a magnificent opportunity here ... int . pub -— moment later sheba at the bax , Barbara at a table . yo 43 barbara ( v.o. ) with stealth I might secure the prize , long texm , forever in my debt ... sheba head back to Barbara carry the new drink . barbara ( V - 0 . ) I could gain everything . by do ... nothing . sheba sit , fraught with anxiety . Barbara light a cigarette . sheba I ..- I know you have to tell they ; the head , the school , whoever . all I ask be you wait ' till the new year ? I be begging you , please , let I have this christmas with my family ...? she 's almost in tear . Barbara stare at she . then smile . barbara I think you have misunderstand I . ( beat ) I be you friend . we be friend . sheba I know . of course . but ... barbara oh , you poor thing , have you get yourself ina terrible state ? I be not go to report you . I only want to help you , to support you through this . she give sheba a tender squeeze on the hand . sheba you be not go to tell ? Barbara shake she head . sheba be overcome with relief . sheba you will not tell anyone ? barbara who would it benefit ? not you nor the boy and certainly not the school . no . it 's a private matter and we must keep it so0 - sheba yes — maybe I should resign ? barbara no , no , no ! that might alert suspicion . you must stay at the school but the affair have to end . ( sheba nod ) immediately . you solemn promise . I can not help you unless you promise . sheba realize that Barbara mean it literally . sheba I - I promise . barbara will it be difficult ? sheba stare into she glass . sheba he will be very upset . he come from such a... loveless home . barbara you be not in love ? sheba look up , a innocent . she give a slight nod . Barbara try not to react but be clearly shocked . sheba I know it 's appall and illegal and unethical but I be hopelessly besotted . Barbara look vaguely sick . sheba sorry . when you be in love you want to tell the whole world about it . barbara I would not though . they manage to share a grim smile . barbara . but be not it ..- just a physical thing , mainly ? sheba well ... ( raise a eyebrow ) I can not tell you . barbara I think you just have . gy ys sheba do you know what I be talk about ? barbara well , I have read quite a bit of d.h. lawrence . ext . pub / STREET - later Barbara and sheba walk . barbara ( v.0 . ) I play the maiden aunt but I be well aware of the proclivity of the fifteen year old male . even I have be the subject of they graffity yearning in the school toilet . by law they be child , but they grim , pungent urge be entirely adult ... they arrive at Barbara 's car . barbara so you will tell he straight after Christmas ? sheba nod , determinedly . barbara all for the best . sheba I know . thank you so much . you have be so brilliant . barbara and you will tell I when it 's do ? sheba yes . a big hug . then , sheba see the travel cat box on the passenger seat . portia be asleep . sheba you never say ... barbara Standard issue for spinster . ( frown ) she 's be off she food recently , I be a bit worried about she ... sheba there 's a terrific vet up the read , he be great with Ben 's rabbit . Barbara linger , relishing this time with sheba . barbara have you get many people come tomorrow ? sheba mmm , my lot , Richard 's lot - include first wife . they share a grimace . barbara and you mother ? sheba oh yes . a second grimace . barbara well , happy Christmas . sheba ¥ou too . and thank you . barbara courage mon brave ! Barbara get in she car . barbara ( v.0 . ) and bon voyage to she little leprechaun . Barbara drive off as sheba head back to she house . barbara ( v.0 . ) sheba and I share a deep understanding now . int . sheba 's house - continuous sheba compose herself in the hall and then go into the sit room . barbara ( v.o. ) no one can violate we magnificent complicity . Richard be wrapping a present . he turn with the ineptly wrap package , taunt she with it . ylo richard ha ! she try to steal it from he . richard do not snatch ! wait ' till tomorrow ! he chuck the present under the Christmas tree . richard you have be go age . sheba oh , Barbara be ... just some school thing . he pour some wine for they . sheba fow 's he nib ? richard still awake , madly excited , I say he could wait up for you . sheba and she ladyship ? richard ( point upstairs ) ' depress 's . Pete phone . they have a barney , he 's not come tomorrow . they share a moment of parental sadness - sheba do you think he 's bad news ? richard well , this older man can be very dodgy . she smile , suddenly kiss he , passionately . Richard be slightly surprised but respond in kind . int . polly ’‘s bedroom - later . polly be lie on she bed , i- pod on , smoking . she 's be cry . sheba sit with she . polly bid daddy tell you ? sheba nod . polly re 's gonna bin I , I know it . sheba you be very lovely and he 's clever enough to appreciate it . polly i be fat as fuck , mum . sheba he will be back . polly zi can not live without he . sheba hold she . the girl resist a little but then succumb - grateful for the contact . ext . grand HOTEL , eastbourne — christmas day establish shot . the sea . the promenade . the white stuccoed Regency hotel . sound of festive music from a jazz combo . int . dine room - same time a huge ornate room pack with the elderly , the infirm and they family . a smali band play on a raise area . Barbara survey the room : a old man spilling he soup , a old woman totter in on she crutch , a elderly couple struggle to pull they cracker . she 's mid~lunch with she family : she sister , marjorie , with husband , dave , also they daughter lorraine and she husband martin . they all wear paper hat , Barbara be deep in think , ruminate on sheba ... barbara ( v.0 . ) her fetish for the boy be simply she snobbery manifest ; ‘he 's work class and he like Art 's . bs if he be a monkey who have just stroll out of the rain forest and ask for a gin and tonic . eee a she straighten she paper crown , oblivious to everything . dave ba ! wakey wakey ! marjorie lorraine be ask if you have hear from that nice friend of yours ? barbara ( confuse ) who ? lorraine Jennifer . barbara oh ...yes . she leave the school , she 's teach at a primary in stoke . there 's a chap apparently . I hear they be engage . lorraine and Martin stifle a giggle but Barbara 's see it . she bide she time ... barbara how 's you eczema , Martin ? he shake he head , a sad look in he eye . martin bit grim . but lorraine 's find this top specialist in hastings . lorraine he 's state of the art . he will give it a really good bash in the new year . she put a arm round she disconsolate husband . Barbara eyeball the hapless couple . barbara it must be so distress - for both of you . marjorie squeeze she son in law 's crusty hand . marjorie you have be in my prayer all year . barbara finger cross for a Christmas miracle . dave ( raise he glass ) and so say all of we ! int . kitchen , sheba 's house - same time in contrast : noise , hubbub and mayhem . booze , food , mess . round the big table : Richard , polly , ben. Richard 's first wife marcia and they daughter saskia and claire . sheba 's older brother eddie with he wife and they infant boy . Sat next to Ben , sheba 's mother ( mrs taylor ) ~ a formidable woman in she sixty . sheba get up , give polly a little squeeze then fetch more cream from the fridge . her mobile beep , a text message . she read : ' happyxmas miss ! wish i woz fuck u blind rite now 's sheba look around - she mother be watch she . she delete the message and turn off the phone . int . sheba' house - evening sheba outside the half open sit room door with a tray of coffee . sheba 's mother be sit with marcia . mrs taylor her father be a exceptional man . exceptional . bathsheba 's a loner I be afraid . she 's beautiful ( thank God ) - and it 's get she through —- but it 's not quite the same as possess substance . sheba listen in horror . marcia mmm , strong personality , weak character . mrs taylor she 's a time bomb , actually . nonrbonder be always dangerous - marcia nod , knowingly . sheba be really stung . but she go in with the tray . the woman smile as she serve they theix coffec . ext . sheba 's house - evening sheba come out the front door and down the step with two black bin bag cramme full of rubbish . as she 's stuff the bag into the front bin : steven happy Christmas . Steven be lurking near the car . he hand she a little package . sheba glance at the house ~ the front door be open . sheba everyone 's inside ! please , you have to go ! steven be not you gonna open it ? she quickly open the package , steven it 's make of real fake gold . it 's a cheap , gold necklace with a ' be on it . it glint in she hand . she 's touch by the gesture . sheba thank you . steven what 's up ? I have not hear from you ... she motion he back to the side of the house where it 's hide from the front door . sheba I - I can not see you anymore - I be sorry - I be really sorry . she 's beside herself . he pull she towards he . sheba I can not , it 's over . steven why ? richard ( 0.s. ) bash ?! they freeze . Richard 's leg appear above they at the top of the outside stair . then a bag of rubbish . richard bash ? ( to someone inside ) she 's not here ! Richard dump the bag on the doorstep , groan a bit with drunk exhaustion . richard oh , sod it . he go inside close the front door behind he . steven ( innocently ) be that you dad ? sheba be stunne . sheba no. he ...he 's my uncle ... she stare at Steven . lose . he return she gaze . steven D 's you wanna end it ? sheba I - I ~ do not look at I like that . steven have you go off I ? sheba no - I - you should go . please . do not ...just ... you have to go now . he stroke she cheek , she catch he hand . sheba it 's stupid . he give she a slight grin . sheba go away . he shake he head - Joe ae 53 sheba go . she struggle with herself . he kiss she and she suddenly respond . she clenches the necklace . int . house ~ minute later sheba come in and nearly bump into polly who 's head upstairs - she 's on she mobile . sheba be it he ? polly nod happily and climb the stair , still talk . sheba watch she daughter go ~ natural teenage love . sheba go into the kitchen , contemplate the necklace . one of Eddie 's kid run in . sheba stuff the necklace into she pocket . the boy run out with the plastic cup he be look for . sheba load dirty crockery into the dishwasher . family noise from the sit room . she take out a sachet of detergent , open it with she tooth . she stare at the hard tablet , the little ball in its centre . she break down , knelt at the machine , retching with sob . barbara ( v.0 . ) I long to phone 's S 's but it 's late . int . spare room , marjorie 's house - night Barbara at a little dress table write she journal . barbara ( v.0o . ) poor girl , all alone with she awful family . above she a frame silkscreen print of ' the last Supper 's . portia lie on the bed , whimper a little . barbara ( v.0 . ) we life be acutely similar in so many respects . a knock at the door . Barbara annoyed at the interruption . marjorie ( 0 -.s. ) sis ? marjorie come in wear she nightie . see portia , coo at she and then stroke the cat as a excuse to enter . marjorie write the old diary ? I can not imagine how you keep at it . I would have nothing to say . marjorie sit on the bed , settling in for a sisterly chat . marjorie you know you be welcome whenever you want ? not just once a year . barbara it 's just ... I be rather busy at the moment . marjorie you racy London life . I be glad it 's so full . ( pause ) I be sorry about Jennifer . she be lovely . Barbara flinch a touch . marjorie be there anyone else ... someone else who 's special ? silence . barbara I do not know what you mean . marjorie I do not mean to pry - Barbara stare she out . marjorie well , good-night . barbara to you too . marjorie go . Barbara reflect , a stab of regret . ext . ratlway yard - night sheba and Steven , half dress , fuck like horny rabbit . to sate nim se they lie in each other arm . Steven toy with the ' be necklace , happy she 's wear it . int . pizza express — day Barbara and sheba with menus . Barbara glance over hers , catch sheba 's eye . barbara be we lady who lunch ? sheba I think we must be . Barbara twinkle with delight . sheba oh , belate Christmas present . she take a beautifully wrap package out of she bag . barbara thank you ! shall I open it ? sheba silly not to . Barbara unwrap it , savour the ribbon , coo over the smart wrapping paper . barbara oh my word , asprey . she take out a sterling silver photo frame engrave with the name ' portia 's . Barbara can barely speak , just nod in gratitude . sheba how be she ? Barbara shake she head , sheba give she a consol squeeze . barbara you nre the most wonderful friend . int . summer house - night sheba and steven lie , post - coital on the sofa . sheba do not fall asleep . he open he eye , look around . steven bit close to home , be not it ? sheba well , Little Lord fauntleroy complain of bramble up he arse . he grin , think , animal instinct at work . steven yeah ... but do you wanna get catch ? sheba no ! steven course you do . trash it all . sheba why would I want to do that ? he 's not sure he want to explore this , joke instead : steven so you can be with I . she dig he in the rib . sheba you be cocky . steven you love it . he gently disengage from she arm , get up , look around , explore she territory . he turn back , she 's deep in think , consider what he 's suggest ... steven I be only make conversation . it 's polite to talk after sex , so 's I do not feel like a slut . he wander over to she record collection . sheba pull on she sweater and come over to he . he 'a look at ' kaleidoscope 's by siouxsie and the banshee . awe St steven any good ? sheba it 's a masterpiece . do not they teach you anything ? sheba stroke he naked back , stare at the record cover . sheba we use to worship she ... we be child ... she make we feel invincible ... she 's sixteen again . lose in the memory of it . Steven wander over to she work table . there 's a half complete wizard 's hat on it . he try it on . a comical figure in he pants , sock and point hat . sheba ( smile ) take it off . steven what 's it for ? sheba take it off , please . I be still make it . steven yeah but why ? sheba it 's for my son . steven but he 's twelve , be not he ? sheba he 's get down 's syndrome . pause . steven you never say . sorry . he take the hat off , put it back on the table . sheba turn away not want to burden he with she sadness - he look at she , suddenly know he 's way out of he depth . int . kitchen — saturday morning Barbara saunter in carry she shopping . she stop short , horrify . portia be lie on the floor in a pool of urine and vomit . int . vet 's surgery - later the vet have just tell Barbara the news . vet I be sure she 's have a very happy life . barbara oh , yes . she have . thank you . she stroke portia as the vet continue to talk . int . sheba 's kitchen — later Barbara sit at the table , tear in she eye . sheba ply she with scotch . sheba you have have a terrible shock . Barbara drink some more . barbara where 's Richard ? I do not want to disturb you weekend . sheba it 's fine , everyone 's out . sheba 's mobile ring . they both stare at it . sheba press ' busy 's - look a touch anxious . sheba can they treat she ? barbara he say it 's a matter of week ... she 's recover now , embarrassed by she tear . barbara oh , she 's only a pet . sheba 57 I cry for week when we dog die . week ! barbara one do get so attach . Barbara dry she eye with a tissue . barbara I should leave you in peace ... not what Barbara want but sheba stand to facilitate it . sheba yuh , well ... she 's in a tight t-shirt , arm bare . her ' S 's mecklace on . Barbara gaze ~ take in sheba 's make - up : red lip , dark eye liner - a echo of she youth . barbara I like that top . it suit you . sheba oh , thanks . sheba edge to the door , hint . but Barbara speak very softly ... gently ... barbara when I be at school , if one of some bad news or be feel a b use to stroke each other . one of linger . she as have have it down ... we for we would do one arm and someone else the other . -- it 's the most wonderful sensation . do y you school ? sheba shake she head . barbara it 's incredibly relax . for thi the receiver ... Barbara approach . sheba 's arm be cross . un - cross they , hold she hand ... barbara Close you eye . ( sheba frown ) please . it doce not work if you d do that at le giver and Barbara gently jon . 's t - sheba close she eye , know this be ' the deal 's . Barbara hold sheba 's hand in hers and then stretch out she arm , palm upwards . barbara good . Barbara begin to gently run she fingertip along sheba 's bare forearm . up and down . sheba be in a silent rictus of embarrassment . Barbara continue . all the while gaze at sheba 's face , she breast beneath the tight t-shirt , she arm ... barbara there 's a good girl . sheba open she eye , try to remain polite ... sheba I think that 's enough . barbara Close you eye . sheba ( firmly ) I really think that 's enough , Barbara . she stare she out . Barbara stand she ground but be wretch with humiliation . but now she focus change from sheba 's face to over she shoulder : barbara there 's someone in you garden ! she point through the french window . sheba turn . at the foot of the garden a figure jump down from the back wall and slip into the summer House . barbara a thief - he come over the wall ! sheba oh - it will be one of the neighbour 's boy , lose he ball . sheba know it 's Steven - pray he stay put . barbara no , he 's go into you summer house - quick , phone the police ! sheba it 's just a kid from next door , forget it ! sheba 's mobile ring again . they both stare at it - sheba paralyse - and now Barbara twig it . she snatch the phone and answer : steven ( v.0 . ) where be you ? I want you hot , sweet cunt right now ! Barbara listen , sickness rise in she . she hand the phone to sheba . sheba ( in phone ) Richard just call , he 's on he way - I can not - I 'il call you . as she speak Barbara collect she bag and storm to the front door , sheba sprint after she . sheba Barbara ! ext . STREET - continuous Barbara 's head for she car , sheba catch up . sheba I be sorry , ba . I try to end it , honestly , I - I just could not ! Barbara fumble for she car key , fight back tear . barbara I risk everything for you and in return you humiliate I . sheba I - I - do not mean to upset you . please - I need you help more than ever now - pleage , do not go ! Barbara open the car door . barbara . you promise you have end it , why do not you ? sheba be too sheba because ... barbara ( witheringly ) you be ' in love 's ? sheba i-i - barbara and the child ? do you imagine he reciprocate you soppy ' feeling 's ? oh I dare say he 's fascinate by the neurotic compulsion of a middle class lady with marital problem ! sheba ba - barbara there 's nothing crueller than the adolescent boy , I know they ! once he 's have he fill he will discard you like a old rag - sheba ba - barbara - and revert to rutting with schoolgirls . you be not young ! ( beat ) I say this to help you . stunne to respond . barbara end it now . sheba erm ...yes - I - I be think ... barbara do not think - do ! do! do ! bo ! ( beat ) or shall I sit here polish my nail until you husband return ? sheba no ~ no - please - I will do it , I promise . barbara so what be you wait for ? 6 Barbara get in she car and drive off . ext . STREET - ten minute later sheba on she bike , speed towards Steven 's home . ext . council estate . sheba get off she bike , start push it . to she surprise it 's a clean street , well keep block and house . not the sink estate she have imagine - or be tell of . kid riding around on bike . she ask they if they know Steven Connolly . they point she in the right direction . she find he home - not the tower block but a ordinary maisonette . she ring the bell . mr connolly open the door . he 's a slight man without a ounce of aggression in he . she have expect tattoo and brutality . sheba Mr Connolly ? I be Mrs hart , from St George 's - Steven 's not in trouble . I just need to see he about ... a art project and I be in the area s80 ... mr connolly ( amiably ) of course , come in , come in ! he show she in . mr connolly very good of you to give he this extra lesson . ( call upstairs ) Steve ! visitor ! he 's hold a remote control . he gesture into the sit room where there 's a massive tv set , the screen image pause . mr connolly I be watch ' amelie '. ( nod , move ) have you see it ? sheba shake she head . mr connolly ( call up ) Steve ! Mrs Bart 's here ! ( to sheba ) probably on he mobile , usually be . why do not you go up ? first door on the right , probably best to knock . he go back into the front room . sheba climb the stair . the house be spotless . frame school photo line the wall and there be family shot of Steven with he parent and two sister . she find he bedroom door . it say ' steve 's gaff 's in letter cut out from different magazine - punk style - she hear he voice , knock and go in . he 's astonished . steven ( in phone ) call you back , ok ? later . they look at each other . sheba take in the adolescent room , shocked at its ' childishness 's : the music poster , football paraphernalia , the kid 's duvet and strewn clothes . ext . council estate —- minute later sheba push she bike . Steven smoking , edgy - sheba so that 's you vicious father ? steven ( shrug ) you want a sob story , I give it you . make you feel like Bob geldof . sheba you lie to I ! steven oooh , sorry , miss . d' you prefer it if T live in a shit ’ole ? sheba and you mother ? steven ( sniff ) I think she 's gonna pull through . what do you want , what you do here ? and now she have to tell he . ext . playarea / council estate — later Steven sit on a swing , flick at he fag in fury . steven they be gonna expel I now ! sheba no they will not . i’1l get the blame if she tell . steven as if she will not ? sheba she like I , she might not . steven like you how ? like ' that 's ? you give she one and 's all ? sheba ( snap ) why be you be so cruel ? why , Steven ? he 's chasten . he swing slowly to and away from she . steven I really like you . you be a nice person and you have be cool . and it 's be great , ok ? but it be s'pose to be fun . now it 's like this serious thing . whatever shit you be work out , you know ; you husband , you kid , you - I dunno ... I can not help you . sheba manage a smile . determined not to show he she pain . sheba so you be see someone else ? he look at she , catch . nod a apology . she stare at he . a stab of intense jealousy . sheba so you just - what - you prefer she ? because she 's young ? huh ? because she help you with you sum ? what - because she 's so nice and tight ? I risk my whole life for you , you little shit ! steven I never ask you to ! sheba I teach . you how to fuck ! sheba be powerfully conscious she 's out of control . she clenches she fist , hold it in , fight back she tear . steven why be you so upset ? she can not answer . he suddenly get that she love he . he glance around . steven I have give you a hug but there 's people who know I ... ( pause ) I can not deal with this . I be not old enough . she 's overcome with guilt , try to be practical . sheba Steven . do not be embarrassed at school . ignore I , ok ? you be a sweet boy ... and I nve love we time together . I be sorry if I ever harme you . he shake he head . steven you never . they look at each other , tenderly . then sheba walk away . int / ext . barbara' car / STREET - that night Barbara drive at speed . her mood bas brighten ... she cut up another car and hurtle along . she spot sheba outside Steven 's estate , a want figure on the pavement . sheba give she a sad little wave . ( lo Barbara pull in to the kerb and leap out . sheba come to she , face streak with tear . Barbara open she arm . forgiveness . they hug . Barbara comforting sheba - and herself in so do . barbara ( v.o. ) as ma would have say , ' the boy do she like a kipper 's . int . barbara' flat - night Barbara in she dress gown , write she journal . barbara ( v.0 . ) she have nowhere to turn but trusty old ba . the silver asprey frame have pride of place on she mantelpiece . a photo of portia inside it . int . summerhouse - night sheba wrap the ' be necklace in paper and put it in the bin . barbara ( v.o. ) she mope and mourn for she pubescent paramour - often at punish length . int . school — day first day of the new term . Barbara watch as sheba come in the main entrance . barbara ( v.0 . ) but she know my intervention have save she life and she be sweetly grateful . int . staff room - day staff buzzing around , compare they christmase , moan about holiday not be long enough . barbara ( v.0 . ) her betrayal hurt I more than I dare show . Barbara sit in she chair , sheba come in . they smile at each other . _ , barbara ( v.0 . ) but I will forgive she and heal myself in private . int . summerhouse ~ night sheba carefully stick a silver crescent onto Ben 's wizard at . barbara ( v.0 . ) she 's worth it , thie one . she 's the one I have wait for ... int . library , homework club - day Barbara patrol the desk . barbara ( v.0o . ) at last she 's beginning to understand that she dalliance with master Connolly be a consequence of she dead marriage . she arrive at Steven 's desk . he keep write . int . raf museum - day a outing . Barbara walk with sheba . barbara ( v.0 . ) it 's a sham - fuelle only by the memory of former glorey . Richard and Ben be behind they look at the aeroplane . int . canteen - lunchtime sheba and Barbara sit with they trays , talk . barbara ( v.0 . ) whereas we be go through the fire , forging we friendship with a stronger bond each day . int . classroom - day Barbara at she high window , watch sheba lock up she bicycle far below . 68 barbara ( v.0 . ) in fact , we be now enter a delicate new phase ... ext . art studio ~ day Barbara approach and see sheba inside . barbara ( v.o. ) we be silently and stealthily negotiate the term ... of a life live together . sheba see Barbara and nod amiably . int . sheba 's kitchen — day Sunday lunch . Barbara at the head of the table , make the family laugh with some anecdote . barbara ( v.o. ) now more than ever we be bound by the secret we share . Ben snort as Barbara make a funny face . barbara ( v.0 . ) I be invite to drop in on they this summer . at they house in the dordogne . I might just do that ... int . barbara 's bedroom — night Barbara sit up in bed , write . barbara ( v.o. ) though no rush . we will have plenty of time a deux once she 's leave she family ... ext . parliament hill - day Barbara and sheba on the bench see at the beginning . they share sandwich . barbara do try the prawn , it 's delicious . raxrbara munch contentedly - ct barbara I once sit here discuss elgar . for three hour . sheba God ! who with ? barbara oh , just a friend . Jennifer . this be we haunt . sheba conceal she discomfort . barbara we be quite chummy for a while . but ... the poor thing suffer from this terrible depression . I try to help but she rather unravelle . she become alarmingly . .. delude . sheba do she go to hospital ? barbara no , she get a job in stoke . sheba think , put it all together ... sheba when be this ? barbara last summer . I do what I could but she be too far go . even so I feel I should have do more ... sheba I be sure she know you do you best ... you be such a sensitive person . sheba pat Barbara 's shoulder , Barbara take she hand . barbara one conceal it of course . she turn to sheba , vulnerable . barbara people languish for year with partner who be clearly from another planet . sheba mmm ... 4 ] barbara we so want to believe we have find we ‘other 's . one need courage to recognize the real as oppose to the convenient . sheba yes . Barbara be still hold sheba 's hand . barbara when I be young I have such a vision of myself . I dreamt I have be someone to be reckone with . you know , in ... in the world . ( beat ) but one learn one 's scale . sheba squeeze Barbara 's hand . Barbara respond gratefully . barbara I have such a... dread ... of end my day alone . sheba mmm . well we all - barbara though recently , I have allow myself to imagine I might not be ... be I wrong ? sheba of course not . sheba give Barbara a ' loving 's hug . Barbara crumple in gratitude . ext . vet 's surgery -~ day Barbara rush in , cradling the stricken portia in she arm . int . vet 's surgery - day the vet feel portia 's tummy . vet do you want to stay ? Barbara shake she head . vet sometimes people find it comforting to see they at peace . would you like to come back ++- in twenty minute , to say good - bye ? ext . STREET - moment later Barbara come out of the vet . a zombie on the busy street . then she remember - sheba life nearby . she start to hurry , almost push people out of the way as she rush to she friend . ext . sheba 's STREET - minute later Barbara panting for breath , a break woman desperately need comfort . she hurry towards sheba 's house . suddenly ~ the hart 's car come out they driveway nearly knock she over . Richard be at the wheel , he park up , the car skew on the road , engine run ... Ben and polly be in the back . Barbara see polly groan comically , mockingly - and Ben ( who hold he wizard hat ) be laugh at he sister 's antic . sheba be shushing they . sheba see Barbara be in great distress , say something to Richard and get out the car . Barbara fall into she arm , sobbing . sheba be it portia ? oh no . Richard give sheba a quizzical look from the car , ' what 's up 's ? sheba grimace , indicate this might take a while . Richard exhales in frustration and point to he watch — ' we be late 's . barbara I have to go back to the vet ... after it 's do ... will you come with I ? I just can not on my own ... sheba oh , I - of course I would but ... Ben 's do he play at he school and - barbara a play ?? tp sheba the - wizard thing , remember ? we be all go . we be a bit late actually ... barbara someone have die ! sheba I - = know ... and ~ and it 's terribly sad . Ben be bang on the car window . Richard shout at polly to stop he . she shout back . it 's mayhem in there . barbara you owe I this . Richard revs the engine , sheba turn , impossibly pull in both direction . Richard 's face - ' we have to go 's . Ben look anxiously from the car . meanwhile , Barbara 's on the turn , sheba plead : sheba he 's do a show for the first time in he life ! barbara that 's you choice be it ? sheba . look -— why - why do not you come ? you be very welcome ... Barbara do not hear it . barbara I think you understand what friendship mean . sheba he 's my child ! Richard honk the horn in frustration . sheba he 's my son , he 's just a little boy ! barbara do not play the good mother with I . Barbara cye the car — a threat . but now Richard leap out and shout across the bonnet . richard Excuse I ? can one of you tell I what 's go on ? be this some kind of coven ? barbara ( coolly ) oh , I can explain perfectly . would you like I to ? sheba ( jump in ) it 's just that Barbara 's have some very bad news , about she cat . richard ( to Barbara ) my condolence . poor , poor pussy ! now can I have my wife back please ? barbara ( fix he ) I do not like you tone . richard ( of sheba ) why be she always here ? what fuck spell have she cast on you ?! polly poke hex head out the car window . polly Ben 's get really stress ! I think he 's gonna blow ! richard ( of sheba ) God 's sake , woman , will you get in the bloody car ! sheba give I a minute will you ! I can handle this !! Richard storm back to the car . barbara oh - oh ~ so I be to be handle be I ? like toxic waste . so you see I on sufferance ? I be a imposition , to be tolerate ! emergency ! sheba hug Barbara . +f sheba no ! of course not ! I love we time together ! I be you good , good friend . barbara then stay with I . sheba I would if I could . and I be desperately sorry about portia . but you know I have to go . sheba gently detach herself . a moment of reckoning : barbara think very carefully , madam . be aware of the consequence . the car start pull away from the kerb , slowly make it 's way up the road . sheba please do not make this mean more than it be ! barbara I need you to stay . I do not know what 1/11 do ... a herculean honk of the horn - and now sheba run for it . sheba I 'il phone you later ! I promise ! sheba get in the car . Barbara watch it disappear down the road . barbara ( v.o - ) they always let you down in the end ... ext . barbara' garden — later Barbara digging a hole in the ground with a small trowel . she 's exhaust from the effort , have be sobbing for the last hour . her hand and arm be cover in soil . barbara ( v.o. ) Jennifer say I be ' too intense 's . meaning what exactly ? Barbara bury portia 's body tightly wrap in a blanket - barbara ( v.0 . ) that I be loyal in my friendship ? then she bury the cat toy and the cat bowl . and with a grim last look - the asprey frame from sheba . barbara ( v.0 . ) that I will go to the end of the earth for someone I admire ? she tread the earth down . int . BEN 's school - same time Ben 's little ' play 's . audience of parent and relative watch they kid . Richard video it . Ben come on in he wizard hat , wave a wand . applause and laughter . sheba be powerfully move . polly hold she hand . int . sitting room - late after - noon it 's get dark outside . Barbara sit in she chair . she 's still wear she ' gardening 's clothes . dried mud on she face and arm . she 's immobile , a statue in grief . the door bell ring . she go down the corridor - hope it 's sheba come to apologize . she open the door . brian not disturbing you , be I ? she shake she head , still daze by the day 's event . brian it 's just ... I need to talk to you about Mrs hart . sheba . barbara ah ... she look at he , feel sure he know something ... brian it 's a bit delicate . can I come in ? Barbara lead he into the kitchen . barbara tea ? ee a ~ brian Lovely , thanks . she fetch milk and sugar . Brian hover . brian you have not get a biscuit ? Barbara produce a tin and hand it to he . brian cheer . as he munch he notice the muddy trowel on a side table . barbara would you like I to take you hat ? he remove he tottenham hotspur hat and scarf . brian be up the lane . White hart Lane . Home of the mighty spur . barbara be you victorious ? brian Three nil ! jermaine defoe - get in there ! he mock head a ball . barbara my father support charlton athletic . it mever seem to give he any pleasure . Barbara prepare the tea . brian where 's the moggy ? barbara she 's dead . Brian eye the mud on she face and arm . brian oh , dear . my condolence . ahhh . be this not a good time ? Barbara think . then , a dark glint in she eye - barbara it 's a very good time . they sit at the kitchen table . barbara Mrs hart . brian yeah . well ... it 's just ...erm ... barbara anything you tell I will be in strictest confidence . he nod , gratefully . brian the thing be ... I be wonder if she 's ... ever mention I ? Barbara 's eye widen - brian do she ever ... mention I ? barbara let I think ... she put she finger to she temple , a little theatrically . barbara no. never. ( beat ) actually - yes ! she mention you have invest in a new shirt . I think it be last term . brian yeah , T lash out at Nicole farhi . the thing be ... over the last few month , ever since I meet she really , I have ... barbara Brian , be you in love ? brian I have be a bit bloody obvious , have not I ? barbara you have be utterly clandestine . he sense she 's mock he but can not be sure . 48 brian so she mention the shirt then ? barbara you do know she 's marry ? brian yeah but she 's quite flirty . you never know with people , do you ? barbara indeed you do not . brian but I would not want to make a move if I be gonna get knock back . what with staff politics and the head be such a stickler -— you have to be really careful this day . barbara it 's a minefield . brian so...would ... do you think you could have a word with she ? suss the lie of the land ? barbara you have like I to ask Mrs hart if she 's inclined to commit adultery with you ? he look at she - could not be more expose . but she 's have she fun and be tired of toy with he . to business : barbara I do not want you the suffer more than be necessary . no one should . I could not possibly speak for Mrs hart but instinct tell I you might not be she type . Brian nod , crestfallen . then think ... brian she 's get a type then ? barbara it 's no reflection on you attractiveness . but I get the impression she preference be for ... the young man . surprisingly young . ( pause ) boy , I be tell . Brian absorb the information . barbara naturally she 's never discuss any of this with I . but I have be hearing some rather disturbing rumour that there 's one in particular . playground gossip , staff room whisper and so on ... she 's alone now , turn away from he , as if he be invisible . or she in confession . I think you might know the boy in question ..+. Steven Connolly . brian Year ten ? she nod , distantly . Brian stare at she , slow cog whirring , he moral outrage increase with he jealousy . Barbara turn to he now - as if none of this have be say . barbara I think the kettle 's boil . int . BEN 's bedroom —- that night sheba tucking Ben in . his wizard 's hat sit on a bed post . she brushes he hair from he face . barbara ( V - 0 . ) you say the word and it 's do . easy . sheba kiss Ben good - night and turn out the light . int . barbara 's flat - same time Barbara pick at she dinner in front of the tv , vaguely watch the lottery show . barbara ( v.0 . ) juda have the grace to hang himself . she go to the kitchen , scrape she scrap into the bin . barbara ( v.o . ) but only accord to Matthew - the most sentimental of the apostle . 90 int . polly 's room ~ later that night sheba tidy . she find a pair of boxer short belong to polly 's boyfriend . barbara ( v.o. ) be this the last night of she old life ? polly stand in the doorway have have a bath . sheba hold up the short , quizzically . polly smile . int . richard 's study - later Richard hard at work . sheba remove a finish mug of coffee and set down a new one . he stroke she hand . barbara ( v.0o . ) I wonder how long my messenger will take ? int . bathroom - night Barbara in the bath . barbara ( v.o. ) people like sheba think they know what it be to be lonely . but of the drip drip of long - haul , no-end - in - sight solitude they know nothing . she draw on she cigarette . barbara ( v.c . ) what it 's like to construct a entire weekend around a visit to the launderette . or to be so chronically untouched that the accidental brush of a bus conductor 's hand send a jolt of long straight to you groin . int , summer house - night sheba alone on the sofa , think . barbara ( v.0 . ) of this , sheba and she like have no clue . int . barbara 's bedroom / sitting room - same time Barbara in bed . the phone be ringing but she do not move . the ansafone beep and sheba leave she message . sheba ( v.0 . ) ba , I be so sorry about today . it be a impossible situation . Richard feel dreadful too . you must be so upset . poor you . poor portia . call I as late as you like . let 's not fall out , come to dinner tomorrow night , ok ? Barbara listen , guilty but resolve . int . sitting room , sheba 's house - evening coffee after dinner . Richard lie on a sofa , foot on sheba 's lap . she idly stroke he calve . not a sight Barbara enjoy as she sit across from they , nervously smoking . richard actually , I write quite quickly , it 's the think that take a eternity . ( sigh ) you be never satisfied ; when I be lecture I long for time to write and when I have get it I yearn to be back with the student . from she seat Barbara have a view of the front path . she see a woman in she mid-thirty jump out of a car and come storming up to the front door . Barbara watch sheba , she last moment before the calamity ... sheba more coffee , anyone ? richard I ’1ll have a slug , please . sheba Barbara ? barbara no , thank you . the woman have now establish that the bell make no sound . she start to bang on the door . Richard look at sheba — ' who 's that ? 's sheba shrug ' dunno 's . sx en et the Richard open the door . a big irish voice , full volume : mrs connolly be you she husband ? richard what ? whose ? mrs connolly do not you fuck with I mister , do not you dick mme around ! where be she ? tell she Steven connolly 's mother want to see she right now ! Mrs Connolly force she way in . richard hey , hey , excuse I ! he try to grab hold of she but she lash out catch he across the face . he exclaim in pain . sheba come out into the hall and Mrs Connolly lunge at she , kick , punch , scratch , scream . mrs connolly ya slut ! ya fuckin‘ whore ! how could you ! he 's only a child ! my little boy be a child ! Richard and Barbara manage to pull she off but she 's strong and hurl herself at sheba again , grasp she hair . a struggle . Barbara and Richard plant themselves between the two woman — keep they apart in the tight hallway . richard what the hell be go on ! will you just stop and calm down for one second , please ! please ! mrs connolly you ask you wife what 's go on . ask her ! ya pervert bitch ! she manage to whack sheba once more as mr connolly appear in the front doorway . a sad , quiet figure . mr connolly come on . leave they alone . he stare at sheba with contempt . mr connolly there 's nothing here for we . he lead he weep wife down the path back to the car . Richard close the front door . sheba sit at the foot of the stair , tear stream . Richard stare at she , horribly confuse ... polly appear at the top of the stair . follow by Ben in he pyjamas . polly 's voice , taut with vulnerability . polly what 's happen . .? Barbara look at sheba who give she a weak nod . Barbara climb the stair to deal with the child . int . landing / sitting room - later Barbara sit on the stair with a partial view of the sit room - where Richard and sheba be in meltdown . barbara ( v.0 . ) by the time I take my seat in the god , the opera be well into its final act ... sheba it just happen . it just happen ! richard thing do not just - people make they happen . you think you be the only one who 's ever want someone young ? everyone - sometimes — everyone think about it . but they do not act on it , they deal with it ! sheba when you meet I I be - — richard you be a adult it 's not the same ! you be he teacher ! sheba and you be mine ! I be not justify , I be not say - richard oh , you be so full of shit ! it 's totally different , you be twenty ! sheba he will be sixteen in May ! he 's not some innocent . richard of course he 's innocent - he 's fucking fifteen ! be you insane ?! Barbara light another cigarette ~ a casual spectator . richard if you mean to destroy we why not do it with a adult ? that 's the convention , it 's work for century . sheba it be not about we . richard this boy — sheba I tell you , it 's over . he hold he head in pain . richard why ? sheba I ...- just want he . richard why ? sheba I do not know ! richard well find out ! ext . school — day a Police car wait outside the gate . int . school corridor — day gita with two police officer , they head for pabblem 's office , School kid pass by , curious . int . staff room - day teacher gossipe as the rumour spread . int . school corridor ~ day between lesson , Barbara pass Brian as they head in opposite direction . ext . sheba 's house - day two police officer waik sheba to they wait car . Richard stand in the background . int . barbara 's bedroom ~ night Barbara lie in bed , in the dark . barbara ( v.o. ) my guilt be tempere with relief . she assume the boy crack and tell he mother all . who be I to disabuse she ? int . school entrance - day Barbara spot Brian come in . as he stride away down the corridor . barbara Brian , do stop a moment , please ... brian I do not want to hear it . int . barbara' flat ~— night Barbara watch the news on tv . a report on the ' London teacher sex scandal 's . tv journalist --.and there be further unconfirm report that a member of staff may have know of the affair ... Barbara watch , agog with fear . int . pabblem the spotless 's office - day office of a liberal zealot ; the pot plant , the good cause poster , a carve ' ethnic 's figurine . barbara I have tell you , have I know anything I have have inform you immediately . my only loyalty be to the school ! pabblem at he desk , do not believe a word of it . he stare at pabblem Brian think you nve know for month . barbara Brian ' think ‘?! pabblem and then there 's Sue Hodge - barbara will you be run through the entire staff room ? pabblem if you know and do nothing then you have enable a crime . barbara I do not so I have not . you point ? she , have want to do this for year . pabblem I think it would benefit everyone if you retire . with immediate effect . oh so it 's a witch hunt - Salem come to islington ! she stride to the door but pabblem get there first and block she exit . pabblem the stress of the job , radical new idea in teach not to you taste - barbara I have get a idea ; you school , you disaster - why do not you resign ? pabblem because I am not the confidante of a criminal ! now ... tell I about this ' friendship 's with Mrs hart ... barbara I think you will find that a friendship between consent adult be perfectly legal - even under you regime . my record here be beyond reproach , the majority of the staff regard I as they moral guardian . pabblem quail at the outrageousness of the woman . Barbara try to open the door but he stop it , eyeball she . pabblem I have just speak to another of you ' close 's friend . Jennifer dodd . Barbara react . he gently close the door , stare at she , penetrate . pabblem she be most enlighten . he have deploy the ultimate weapon . for the first time ever , he 's get she . barbara Jennifer become unwell , that 's why she leave the school . pabblem she say it 's because you be stalking she . barbara she 's a hysteric . pabblem Jennifer threaten you with a injunction , do not she ? barbara nonsense ! he dash to he desk and brandish a piece of paper . pabblem a fax from she solicitor ! Jennifer do not want you within five hundred yard of she — by law ! you call that a friendship ?! she tell I you send she fiancee a wreath ! 33 Barbara look away , will not let he see she distress . pabblem now we would not want all this to come out , would we ? thirty year of ' exemplary 's service end in shame and humiliation . hmmm ? you choice , Barbara . int . school toilet - moment later , Barbara vomit . above she head , amongst the graffiti : mad babs covett = nasty old lezza someone else have scrawle : i wanna lick she mangy twat !!! int . staff room - later fea break . staff buzz around , agog with the 's covett sacking rumour 's . Barbara come in . a pause as people see she . Sue Hodge - big as a barn - stare at she defiantly from Barbara 's own chair . Elaine clifford serve she tea while other teacher fuss around she . Barbara hurry out the room . ext / int . barbara 's STREET / flat —- late after - noon Barbara get out she car and approach home . shatter . there 's a figure on the other side of the road . he emerge from behind a car - see she . they lock eye . it 's steven . he look ravage with exhaustion and the stress of it all . he come up to she , close . Barbara bustles past he and he follow , impassive , it scare she . she rush down the stair to she door , fumble for the key . he follow after . just as he come tear down the stair she manage to get in and slam the door . he bang at the window in fury . Inside - Barbara clutches herself in fear and shame . junk mail litter at she foot . she listen ... relieved to hear the sound of he footstep up she stone stair . barbara ( v.0 . ) he know . do she know too ? ( beat ) more than I can bear . int . sitting room ~ night Barbara in she armchair , curtain draw . still and silent . barbara ( v.0o . ) be that why she 's not return my call ? int . bathroom - night Barbara remove she make up . slow , meticulous , distant . she stare at herself , consume with self - loathing . she open she mirrore cabinet . tucked in the corner there 's a bottle of paracetemol . she focus on it . barbara ( v.0 . ) be this the shape of it ? ' ex ~teacher take life in basement flat 's . and then the phone ring ... ext . sheba 's house - day PRESS have assemble on the pavement with tv camera and photographer - some on step ladder . two police officer prevent they from storming the front garden . the police hold they back as Barbara hurry up the path to the front door where Richard let she in . int . hallway - continuous Richard look bedraggle , up all night misery . she gesture outside . barbara barbarian ! Richard nod . they stand face each other . a weird echo of they first meeting four month ago . wp eae richard sorry about you job . she 's over - emotional and speak needlessly . barbara you see , the headmaster think I know ! he 's on to she in a flash : richard do you ? barbara no ! they stare at each other . where be she ? richard in she lair . he gesture outside . ext . garden - moment later . Barbara hurry to the summerhouse . polly and sheba be mid - xow . Barbara hide behind a bush . polly you boyfriend be young than mine ! sheba he 's not my boyfriend ! polly do not kid yourself we will ever forgive you . sheba I do not expect you to . hate I ~ I deserve it . but I will not stop loving you and I will not stop be you mother ! polly the fuck be that ?! what 's that ?! you sleep with a child ! polly storm off , then spot Barbara . polly oh , Jesus wept ! the spectre at the feast ! barbara watch you tongue , young lady . . polly frigging freak ! Barbara knock on the open door . sheba turn , relieved to see she . Barbara open she am and they hug warmly . there , there . Barbara fish in she bag and give sheba a tissue . barbara here you be . Barbara sit sheba down . sheba thanks for come . ( pause ) I be so sorry about school . be he awful to you ? Barbara nod , bravely . they sit in silence for a while . sheba listen ... would ... you can say no , .. I would completely understand . Richard ... need some time alone ... actually , he 's ask I to leave . could I come and stay with you ? just for a few day ? Barbara manage to affect the illusion of ' think about it 's despite she elation . you be welcome for as long as you like . sheba hug she with gratitude . int . house - later Richard pace in the sit room as Barbara hover in the hall . barbara ts Ben at school ? } 1 Richard nod . barbara do he ... know what 's happen ? richard ( furiously ) it 's really none of you business ! sheba come down the stair carry a suitcase . Richard give Barbara a look , ' go 's . Barbara take the suitcase and go out the front door . instantly the camera flash - and then the groan as the press see it 's not who they want . Richard face sheba , he back to the front door . richard I know who you be when we meet . you be young . I know it might get tough . but I be prepare . he hoid she shoulder : richard you be a good mother . but at time you have be a fuck lousy wife . why do not you come to I ? you could have tell I how lonely you be . you never trust I to help you . I be not say I be so fuck fabulous but I be here . sheba accept it . they look at each other . then he open the front door and stand behind it as she go out . a huge flash of white light as she face the cameras . fade to : int . sitting room - night ( a month later ) barbara ( v.o. ) this last month have be the most delicious time of my life . sheba asleep on the sofa bed . a bare leg expose . Barbara in a armchair , watch over she . barbara ( v.o . ) of course we have have we up and downs . the pressure be intense when two woman share they life . her hand hover over the leg , want to stroke she but do not dare . barbara ( v.o. ) but oh , what marvellous intensity it be ! she carefully cover sheba 's leg with a blanket . ext . barbara' flat - day a bright spring day - but the basement curtain be draw . a pack of journalist , tv crews and photographer . they joke amongst themselves , a atmosphere of crude jollity . the front door open a crack . they jump into action . Barbara emerge with she tartan shopping trolley on wheel . male journalist it 's the crone ! Barbara come up the exterior stair to ground level . they cluster around she . Barbara wheel she shopping basket through they midst , imperious . a few give chase but the majority know it 's not worth it . back at the flat a curtain twitches and the camera flash . int . sitting room , flat . sheba close the curtain . she wear a long , ratty t-shirt , knicker and sock . it 's noon . she 's just get up . she start to fold she sheet and blanket . a prisoner . barbara ( v.o. ) admittedly , circumstance be not always ideal ... int . bathroom . sheba on the loo , urinate . utterly desolate . 44 barbara ( v.0 . ) the swinish press , the stringent bail term , meeting with lawyer and so on . the clutter of sheba 's toiletry and make - up mingle with Barbara 's . barbara ( v.0 . ) but all thing consider we be cope admirably . in fact , gold star abundant ! sheba step on a tiny gold star - incongruously bright and shine - on the grubby floor . int . corridor / bedroom - same time sheba come out the bathroom and wander down the corridor into Barbara 's bedroom . she hitches up she t~shirt in front of the mirror , broodily pose like a adolescent . barbara ( v.0 . ) the cuckold permit she to see they child once a week . under strict supervision of course . sheba sit at the dress table . she examine she foot . she pick the gold star off . odd ... barbara ( v-o . ) there be usually tear - such big , salty tear she cry - and fit of teenage tantrum too . sheba put on some make up , dark eye liner , red lip . she 's bored out of she brain . barbara ( v.o. ) in time she will recognize she 's just not the mother kind ... sheba stop , spot another gold star on the carpet . she pick it up and flick it into the bin . barbara ( v.0 . ) and then Barbara will be there to comfort she ; nurse , beloved friend and wise counsel . the bin be full of fag butt , evidence of a long night 's work . sheba see another gold star amongst the detritus . barbara ( v.0 . ) I use to waddle through the world virtually invisible but now I seem somehow to shine . sheba spot a scrap of crumpled paper rip from a notebook - two gold star on it . barbara ( v.o. ) at last , I be I . sheba take the scrap of paper from the bin . see Barbara 's handwrite on it . sheba read ... close : the page from Barbara 's journal . sheba read in horror . ini . supermarket - same time Barbara choose food , compare price , have to be frugal . she merrily pick out a big , white loaf . Fish finger , sausage , baked bean . Comfort food . int . barbaram bedroom . sheba leap up , pull open a dress table drawer : make up . another : a hair dryer . another : stationery ; pen , paper and a packet of gold star ... sheba frantically search , ransack the place . int . supermarket - same time Barbara queue at the checkout , chat with she fellow shopper . no longer one of the lonely - a woman of purpose . int . barbara 's bedroom sheba search drawer , under the bed , in cupboard , turn out the laundry basket - until finally ... in the bottom of a little drawer beneath the mirror she find the journal . she flick through : Barbara 's black ink handwrite - mainly neat but now and then with violent crossing out and furious , mad , margin scrawling . the gold star chart the various up and downs ... ibo a photo : Barbara and jennifer dodd in Paris , smile at the camera . Jennifer be around the same age as sheba , a similar look . beneath the photo Barbara have write , ' Paris 2003 - before the worm turn '. on another page sheba find a pizza Express receipt mark ' lady who lunch ! !!’. and there be numerous clipping from recent newspaper report on the scandal . on a earlier page a strand of hair be tape in . Barbara 's handwrite : ' a strand of she hair 's . sheba read on with mount horror ... ext . STREET / barbara 's flat - later Barbara wheeling she full shopping trolley down the street . the Press still campe outside she flat . journalist the crone returneth ! Barbara sail through the horde . int . barbaran flat - continuous she let herself in . instantly know something 's wrong . barbara sheba . ..? the flat have be completely trash . Furniture and cushion rip with a carve knife , crockery smashed , book and ornament tear from shelf . sheba be sit on the edge of a armchair . fully dress now , wear she coat , she suitcase by she side . she 's savage with rage - clutching the journal . her make up disturbing , eye black with mascara , lip a violent red . sheba what you say , about I , about Richard . you be not fit to shine he shoe . and Ben and polly - .. that I would be better off without they ? sheba rise . slowly approach . Barbara hold she ground . sheba why do you do it ? because I do not help you collect you cat ! sheba slap she hard across the face . Barbara flinch but do not budge , accept she punishment . sheba slap she again . Barbara stand firm , take it , despite the pain . . barbara let it all out ... sheba you have cost I my family ! barbara oh , take some responsibility ! they have have find out in the end ! I have give you exactly what you want - without I you have still be stick in that marriage ! sheba what ?!! barbara you can not accept it yet but - sheba you think I want to be here with you !! barbara maybe you do not want it to - to happen quite like this but we both know you need I , I be you friend ! sheba you have put I in prison , I could get two year ! barbara they will fly by ! 1’11 visit every week . we have so much life to live - together ! sheba you — what ? you think this be a love affair ?! a relationship ?! she brandish the journal as evidence . sheba sticky gold star and - and - a strand of my hair ??! a receipt from pizza express !? ( more ) 98 44 sheba ( cont would ) ( gesture to the room ) it 's a basement flat off the archway road and you think you be Virginia frigging woolf ! and where do you get my hair ? do you pluck it from the bath with some special fuck tweezers ?! barbara do not you know it 's rude to read a person 's diary , it 's private ! Barbara lunge for the diary but sheba pull it away . sheba it 's all bullshit ! we nre not companion , we be not friend - you do not even like I ! barbara ( urgently ) no ! I - I have only tender feeling for you - only love ! sheba you 're barking fucking mad ! you do not know how to love ! you nve never - you whole life - I - Jennifer fuck dodd - you be just waste and disappointment , you dyke , you bitter old virgin ! endlessly justify yourself with how lonely you be - you be lonely for a reason ! they hate you at school ~ all of they ~ for thirty year ! I be the idiot who bother but only cos no one tell I you be a vampire ! so what be it , ba - you — you wanna roll around on the floor like lover ?! you wanna fuck I , Barbara ? barbara please do not diminish we - sheba we what ?!! our what ??1! sheba start rip out the sacred page from the diary . Barbara fight for the book desperate to rescue it . barbara give it back ! they tug and pull - struggle - lock together . barbara I know you - bear selfish and vain - think you have a divine right - you big baby ! you do not belong in the world , you belong here ! sheba let out a roar of fury right in Barbara 's face . sheba aababaaggggghhhhh ! !! Barbara release she grip and sheba tear the book from she . she run out the front door - wild . ext . STREET - continuous sheba charge up the basement step only for the amaze Press to surround she . sheba here I am ! here I am ! sheba scream and howl give they exactly what they want . Barbara watch it all from she window . journalist 1 oh my god , she 's go berserk ! journalist 2 it 's Christmas ! sheba try to break through they but be trap in they tight circle . she 's scared now ... sheba please ... let I go now ... that 's enough . ..please ... they continue to flash they camera and pummel she with question . Barbara rush out the door and barge through they , elbow she way with all the force in she body - a strangely heroic little figure amongst the seethe man . barbara let I through you oaf - get out my way ~ give we some room here ! she manage to hustle a almost grateful sheba back into the flat . she slam the door . int . hallway — continuous Barbara and sheba get they breath . two fighter all punch out . int . barbara 's flat —- later that night Barbara with a big , black bin liner tidy the mess . she scoops some break glass into the bag . sheba at the kitchen table , still hold the journal . sheba we never invite you to the fuck dordogne . barbara I be sorry but you specifically say if I happen to be in France then I must drop - — sheba we do not mean it ! Barbara force herself to stay calm . barbara well ... fine. ( a afterthought ) I will not come then . sheba shake she head , ' bonker 's . she put on she coat . sheba I ask you to lunch because I like you . I would have be you friend . barbara ( softly ) I need more than a friend . they look at each other . no anger , just stalemate . sheba hand Barbara the journal and leave . Barbara in she trash flat . desolate . she place the journal on a empty shelf . int / ext . taxi / london street - later sheba in a cab , head home . ext . sheba 's house - night sheba stand outside she house . warm light on inside . she climb the stair and nervously knock on the door . 0 " after a while Richard open it . they look at each other . and then he motion she in and close the door . ext . high STREET - day ( a week later ) bustle of people . Barbara amongst then . int . stationer . Barbara select a new journal from the shelf . she go to the checkout - ignore the section where they sell the gold star . ext . barbara' STREET . Barbara walk , she new journal in its plastic bag . she head down the concrete stair to she front door . int . barbara 's flat , sitting room - day Barbara at . she kitchen table . the flat look bare and bleak , stripped of all life . she take out she new diary and smooth down the spine on the first page . she uncap she pen , poise to write . ' she think . nothing to say . she sit in silence . ' ext , parliament hill - day ( 3 month later ) close : newspaper headline : ' sex teacher sentence to 16 month 's - under it a press photo of sheba be shepherd into court by Richard . a woman sit on ' the’ bench read the newspaper . she sip a takeaway cappuccino , read on , engross in the story . barbara ( 0 - S . ) I know she ... [ so the woman turn , Barbara be stand behind she . woman really ? barbara we teach at the same school . woman God . what be she like ? barbara ( think ) --- a bit chilly . and perhaps a touch ... furtive . a sort of absent person . but I do not know she well . ( beat ) May I ? she sit next to the woman . woman do you still teach ? barbara no , no , retire . thank goodness . the woman sip she coffee produce a little dab of froth on she nose . Barbara point to it , amused . the woman shrug , charmingly , and search for a tissue . in a instant Barbara produce one and hand it to she . woman thanks . they sit back admire the view . barbara I do love it here . woman mmm. barbara it 's spectacular at dusk . Barbara turn to she lovely new prey . barbara I be Barbara . woman annabel . they shake hand . as they continue to talk the camera move behind they to take in the view , as at the beginning . two woman on a bench . the city in the distance . fade to black . Joy