nothing but a man a crew of African - Americans be lay track in rural Alabama . the crane operator be the only white man on the section gang . int . bunk car the dormitory of the section gang . the man be through for the day and loung on they bunkbed . duff anderson play checker with frankie , use bottle top as piece . duff make the win move and frankie , disgust , turn over the board . he saunter over to jocko , who be shave in a break mirror . frankie watch he with a grin . jocko go to hell , frankie . frankie man , you sure one ugly cat ! he take the cigarettes jocko have roll , sailor-style , into the sleeve of he T-shirt . jocko why do not you guy buy you own ? frankie ' oughta give up smoking , jocko . he stop in front of a older man , who be write a letter . frankie how much longer we get on this stretch , riddick ? riddick five week , maybe six . frankie man , what a dump . he circle restlessly past two cardplayer back to duff , who be clipping he fingernails . frankie what you gettin ' all pretty for ? duff ( with a grin ) why do not you relax , frankie ? railroad track duff , frankie , and jocko be riding a track -car , power by a small engine , into the nearest town . the sun be set . a church bell ring . pool hall jocko , a cigar in he mouth , be play a pinball machine . duff and frankie stand at the bar . they be join by doris , a sad-look woman with bad skin . doris who 's go to buy I a beer ? frankie ( scornfully ) what 's the matter , doris ? Business bad ? doris it sure be . frankie everybody givin ' it away free , huh ? doris you gonna buy I a beer , frankie ? frankie see duff . he 's the money man . doris what d' you say , duff ? duff ( to the bartender ) give she a beer . doris thanks , duff . you ' a nice guy . not like frankie . frankie you know , doris - you would make some guy a swell wife . doris you think so , frankie ? frankie Hell , you get steady work . duff quit ridin ' she , frankie . the bartender serve she a bottle of beer frankie I be not ridin ' she . would not ride she on a bet . duff pay for the beer and turn to leave . doris where ' you goin ' ? duff out . doris want I to come ? duff no thanks . doris come on , honey . frankie where ' you goin ' ? duff ' round town . frankie what 's so hot 'round town ? duff ( with a grin ) take it easy , frankie . he leave . frankie do not wanna fish you outa no jailhouse . STREET ( night ) duff be walk along the desert street in the black part of town . Music from the pool hall fade and we pick up the strain of gospel sing from a nearby church . int . church the choir be sing " precious Lord . " the woman be spirite and the congregation in the small wooden building be alive to the music . duff appear in the open doorway and stop to listen . when the song end , reverend dawson rise from he chair . reverend I be glad to see this meeting off to a good start . now we will take a break and then come back to hear from we distinguished guest - reverend butler of the Morgan Street Baptist Church in Birmingham . see you all in a little while . reverend butler compliment he on the choir . church yard Long table laden with food be light by string of lightbulb . the sound of a gospel piano from inside the church . a smile middle - age woman have take duff in tow and lead he over to a young woman ( josie ) , who be serve food . woman josie - this be brother Anderson . now you give he some of that good food . he 's a fine young man . ( on she way ) ai not it a wonderful meetin ' ?! duff study josie with a smile . she be clearly middle class . while she put food on a paper plate , she glance at he - match he ironic detachment with she own . she hand he the plate duff thank you , ma'am . that 's fine . josie you must be new in town . duff ( with a grin ) I will have I some of that punch there , too . she serve the punch . josie have not see you around , have I ? duff no. I be new in town . josie ( unwilling to give up ) you work ? duff yeah . on the section gang . he be sure that this will put a stop to she curiosity . it do not . josie ( interested ) oh yeah ? duff you work around town ? josie I be a teacher . duff go to college , huh ? josie in Birmingham . duff oh yeah ? that 's my home town . josie you folk live there ? duff no . my mother 's dead . ( after a moment ) you goin ' back inside ? josie yes , be not you ? duff no. never have much use for hell - howler . you goin ' ? josie ( with a smile ) my father 's the preacher . duff ( grin ) oh yeah ? well , I guess you get no choice . josie that 's right . duff ( a bit tentatively ) look , I do not know what you be tell ' bout section gang , but how ' bout seein ' I sometime ? josie ( with a non-committal smile ) maybe . int . church the visit revival preacher be in full swing , preaching and sing . the congregation of woman be in a state of high excitement . josie alone seem out of it , though she sit in they midst . duff have be stand in the doorway . he turn away . ext . church duff walk away , past a shack . the sing fade . a dog bark . bunk car ( night ) duff , frankie , jocko , and a older man ( pop ) be play card . while wait for he turn , jocko catch a fly and sneak a look at frankie 's card . jocko you get a lousy hand , frankie . frankie throw down the card . frankie yeah , I quit . he get up . at loose end , he pick up a old flit-gun and squirt it at duff , who be polish he shoe . duff you get nothin ' on you mind but you hair , frankie . how ' bout you car , riddick ? riddick yeah , you can have it . jocko man , you will not like that back seat . frankie man , why ' you messin ' around with a gal like that ? you will not get no place . jocko Hell , they be all after the same thing . pop yeah . all a color woman want be you money . jocko what d' you know about woman , pop ? pop well , I get marry to one of they . jocko Hell , I do not know you be marry . pop sure . get a sixteen - year- old girl . jocko be that right ? ( to duff ) think you be gonna make it with she ? frankie just get she drunk . duff ( to riddick ) how ' bout the key ? frankie I bet she 's easy jam . dawson dine room ( night ) a middle - class tableau . dinner be over . reverend Dawson be read the paper . josie , dress for a evening out , sit across from she step - mother , who be look at she with purse lip . mrs . dawson I know you pay no mind to my feeling , but d' you think it 's right for you to go out with he ? josie I be twenty - six year old , Susan . mrs . dawson perhaps you ought to tell she , Frank . reverend Dawson have no stomach for confrontation , but turn to josie dutifully . reverend dawson well , we have a position in town , josie . you have to remember that . there be lot of other young man . mrs . dawson I do not think you mother would have approve . josie I do . mrs . dawson well , there 's just one thing you can be look for in a man like that . josie I know that 's what you think . reverend dawson hush you mouth , child . the doorbell ring . josie ( leave the table ) good night , dad . road house on the dimly light , smoke-hung floor a large crowd be dance . josie be have a great time . when the music end , she and duff return to they table . duff that 's pretty good for a preacher 's daughter . josie what d' you expect ? duff you know , baby , I can not figure you out . josie how d' you mean ? duff why d' you come out with I ? you slummin ' or something ? josie no . duff so what you doin ' with a cat like I in a joint like this ? josie you do not think much of yourself , do you ? duff ( put off ) well , that 's a funny thing to say . josie you keep ask I why I be here . duff yeah , and you keep not answerin' , too . josie I like a place with lot of life . duff how about another beer ? josie no thanks . duff go on - you can have one ! his attention be draw by something off screen . duff Hell ! josie what be it ? frankie and jocko swagger toward they , beer in hand . frankie well , if it be not duff ! jocko how you doin ' ? ( to josie ; with a bit of a leer ) hi there ! josie hi. jocko mind if we sit down ? duff we be just leavin ' , fellow . frankie let 's go , jocko . the man 's get homework . jocko ( leave ) see you , duff . duff yeah , see you in hell . frankie follow jocko out of the frame . josie they must work on the section gang . duff that 's right . josie well , they seem just like everyone else . duff Hell , baby , I bet you think we get tail . frankie' voice ( off-screen ) we do ! frankie and jocko have occupy the adjoin table and be grin at they . duff get up , camouflage he irritation . duff come on , baby . he usher josie out . frankie look after they . frankie School teacher ! my nappy head ! int . riddick's old convertible ( night ) duff have park on a country road . josie I guess it 's hard work on the road like that . duff damn few place you can make eighty buck a week . josie I mean , you be kind of cut off , be not you ? duff that 's fine with I . keeps I out of trouble . josie how d' you mean ? duff well , I do not get on so well most place . josie I see . that beer make I dizzy . duff be look at she . duff you get a lovely face , kid . ai not too often I get to meet a girl like you . Hell -- he kiss she , but release she very quickly . duff baby , how many time ' you be kiss ? josie take a moment to collect herself . josie well , let 's see now - not count tonight ... must be about twenty - eight time . duff ( with a grin ) you get a problem all right . someone move in back of she . a white man in he early twenty have emerge from the dark and look down at they . white ( with a smile ) hi. the voice of a second white man call from off screen . second white they doin ' anything ? white ( call back ) Nah , nothin ' ! duff get out of here ! josie ( frighten ) do not duff -- white relax , man ! the second white man join he . second white what 's goin ' on ? he shine he flashlight into duff 's face . duff cut that out ! the white man shine the flashlight across josie 's breast . duff ( very tense ) I say : cut it out ! white do not start no trouble , boy ! second white let 's go ! that 's the preacher 's girl . mess with he and you get old man Johnson on you back . come on . the white man leave . josie let 's go , duff . duff take it easy . we see that he have a knife in he hand . he close and pocket it . the white man drive off , whooping and beat on the side of they car . duff do not sound human , do they ? int . moving car ( night ) duff be drive through the center of town . duff how come you stay ' round here ? josie well , my mother be the only good teacher the color school ever have . nobody bother with that kid . duff that 's why you come back , huh ? josie it 's hard to see any change . but I be go to stay . another year , anyway . duff you get more gut than I , baby . it 's a no-good town . josie it 's better than it use to be . eight year ago they still have a lynching here . they tie a man to a car and drag he to death . my father know who do it , but he do not say anything . duff scare , huh ? the car pull up in front of the Dawson house and duff park . duff well , good night , baby . he be about to kiss she . josie not here , duff . duff I get it . ( with a laugh ) yeah , I can see you old man with a shot - gun right now . josie but I would like to see you again . duff you would , huh ? if I be you , baby - I would not go ' round stickin ' out my jugular vein . josie what d' you mean ? duff you almost get into trouble back there . josie ( with a smile ) I would not have let you . duff Hell , baby , I be not in the third grade . well , look - what ' we gonna do next time -- have a nice long chat in the parlor ? josie no , on the porch . duff oh yeah , and then what ? josie what ? duff well , either we be gonna hit the hay or get marry . now you do not want to hit the hay , and I don ' want to get marry . josie you have some very primitive idea , do not you ? duff ( defensively ) all right , so I be primitive . so what d' you want with I ? josie look , duff - most of the man I know - they be kind of sad . when I meet you the other day I have a feel that you be different . that 's why I go out with you . I think we might have something to say to each other . duff Hell , baby , I do not know what to say . josie good night , duff . she get out of the car and start toward the house . he look after she , then drive away . OPEN field the section hand be hunt rabbit , scare they up out of the tall grass and then clubbing they with stick that have a heavy bolt fastened to the end . jocko be fishing from a trestle . pop fries skinned rabbit in a skillet . duff be whittling . classroom the grade school child , all black , be write at they desk . the end -of-school bell ring and one of the boy jump up . josie be you finish , Jackie ? boy yes , ma'am . josie well , I be not . wait till class be dismiss . she walk over to close the window . in the yard below , duff be sit on one of the swing . josie smile and turn to the kid -- josie all right . class dismiss . ext . schoolhouse a bus crowded with noisy kid pull away to reveal the yard . duff and josie be sit on two swing side by side . duff at first it be real strange . Hell , Japan be a long way from Alabama . really get under my skin , though . almost do not come back . josie why do you ? duff I do not know . ' guess I belong here more than there . josie ' be up north ? duff yeah . knocked around for a couple of month after the Army . you be there ? josie no . duff well , it be not that good up there neither . might as well make it here . ' course I be not really makin ' it now . he get up and give she swing a forceful shove . duff anyway , they can not get to you if you keep movin ' ! josie laugh . front yard , dawson house it be raining . duff and josie dash up the path to the front door . dawson parlor duff and josie barge in out of the rain and find themselves face to face with reverend Dawson and a middle - age white man - superintendent Johnson . josie oh , I be sorry . johnson come on in , josie . we be all through . josie daddy - this be duff Anderson . reverend dawson hello . duff how be you ? reverend dawson all right , son . josie this be Mr. Johnson , we school superintendent . johnson ( with a friendly smile ) how be you ? josie I will be right back . she leave . johnson so you be courtin' the preacher 's girl . well , just watch you step , boy , or he will preach you right into hell . ( to reverend Dawson ) I be count on you , reverend . reverend dawson I understand . johnson would not do for one of you people to sue at a time like this . reverend dawson I know . johnson ( on he way out ) I will talk to the Mayor . reverend dawson that will make the folk very happy . Johnson leave . reverend Dawson sit down in a rocker . reverend dawson it 's hard to know how to talk to the white folk this day . duff guess it 's never be easy . reverend dawson it 's a change time . sit down , son . duff thank you . he sit down opposite reverend Dawson . reverend dawson well , it look like we will be get we new school . duff how come you all be not sendin ' they to the same school ? reverend dawson well , you have get to go easy . we have not have any trouble in town for eight year , and we be not go to have any now . duff can not live without trouble , can you ? ( he see he be on the wrong track ) Nice place you get here . Real nice . reverend dawson yes , the Lord 's be pretty good to we . I guess you be a church man , be not you ? duff I guess I be not . reverend dawson why ? do not you believe in the Lord ? duff aw , I do . but ' seem to I we color folk do a whole lot of church - goin ' . it 's the white that need it real bad . reverend dawson I think if you try livin ' in a town like this , instead of run free and easy , you would soon change you tune . duff I doubt it . reverend dawson I see. ( rise ) well , I guess we do not have much to say to each other . duff I guess not . reverend dawson and since we be talk , my wife and I do not want you hang around we daughter . duff well , that figure . ( he too stand up ) kind of fit in with everything else , do not it ! dawson porch duff come out . josie join he a moment later . josie I be sorry . duff ai not you fault . josie that 's the way he be . duff yeah . it 's just like I figure . josie what d' you mean ? duff Hell , I do not belong here . I do not know what I ' be thinkin ' . josie look , duff - if you be free , I be not work tomorrow . duff sorry , baby . I be goin ' to Birmingham . josie just for the day ? duff goin ' to see my kid . josie I do not know you have one . duff yeah . well , I do . josie be you marry ? duff no , I be not marry . ( leave ) well , good - bye . courthouse square ( Morning sunshine ) a bus have pull in . int . bus duff be make he way down the aisle . to he surprise , he come upon josie , who be sit at a window with a empty seat next to she . duff ( with a grin ) well , what - do-you-know ? josie surprise ? duff no. wome n're always followin ' I 'round . josie I be just go in to do my shopping . duff yeah , it 's just a coincidence . josie that 's right . duff ( move on ) I will see you later . josie come here , duff . no point run away from coincidence . he sit down next to she . duff baby , you must be crazy . the bus start up . josie how old be you boy ? duff four. josie what 's he like ? duff I be not see he in a couple of year . alleyway , birmingham duff be walk past crowded back - porch in a black section of town . Gospel music . he step up onto one of the porch and knock at the screen door . effie' parlor through the screen door we see effie simm , a woman in she twenty . she be sit on a chair and cradle a sleep child . duff ' you effie simm ? effie ( suspiciously ) what d' you want ? duff guess you must be lookin ' after my boy . I be duff Anderson . effie ' Bout time you show . door 's open . duff enter . effie ( call ) James Lee , you come in here and meet you daddy . duff where 's wilma ? effie she do move to Detroit . duff ai not she goin ' to take the boy ? effie she get herself a husband now . they don ' want he 'round . and I tell you , man , I get no use for he neither . duff I be sendin ' she money . effie well , she never give I none . look , you better find he a place pretty quick . duff like where ? effie I do not know . he 's you boy . duff I be not so sure of that . if I be , maybe I would feel different . effie give he a scornful look , put down the child , and open the curtain that lead into the bedroom . effie ( sharply ) James Lee - I say for you to come in here . bedroom two child be play on the floor . James Lee be up on a castro convertible . duff appear beside effie in the doorway . duff how ' you be , boy ? James Lee look at he , scared and silent . effie go on . tell he . she return to the parlor . duff I get you something . he crouch down and hold out a toy . James Lee approach , take the toy , and withdraw . effie' parlor effie be fold diaper . duff come out of the bedroom . effie ' Doctor say he could use some shot . duff yeah . look , I will be sendin ' you the money from now on . effie okay . duff make sure he get that shot . he look back at the boy in the bedroom . effie they say you dad 's ' round town . duff ' that right ? I think he be up North . effie people see he 'round . duff where 's he at ? effie I do not know . STREET duff be walk through a black section of town . ext . tenement stair duff climb to the top of the rickety wooden step . will anderson's room duff 's father , a big man in he fifty , be recline on the bed . duff appear in the open doorway . duff ' you will Anderson ? will who be you ? duff I be duff . will ( sit up , with a faint grin ) would not have know you . duff would not have know you . will what 's on you mind ? duff nothing . Heard you be in town . will want a look at you old man , huh ? duff yeah . that 's right . will get up and cross the room . will how about a drink ? duff okay . will pour whiskey into two glass . duff see that will 's leave sleeve hang empty . duff what happen ? will workin ' a see mill . ( raise he glass ) here 's to . a woman in she late thirty ( lee ) come in with a shopping bag . will baby - want you to meet duff . lee ( flatly ) hi. will he 's my son ! she turn and look at duff with a glimmer of interest . lee come and have some coffee . ( sit down ) I be Lee . sit down . he join she . lee come on , will . will what 's the matter ?! you mad at I ? lee no . why ? will ( sit down ) nothin ' . ( to duff ) she 's all right . would not have make it without she . Christ - have not work in eight month . right now , I be waitin ' for some insurance money . and man , when I get it , I get plan to make I some more . ( he get up restlessly ) let 's get out 'a here . this place give I the willy . ( to Lee ) you get some money ? lee ( she know what 's come ) let 's stay here , will . will ( aggressively ) what 's the matter ?! it 's a celebration ! bar will , Lee , and duff be stand at the bar . will have be drink . will so what 's this about a woman ? you get woman trouble ? duff I say , I come to town with a girl . will plannin ' on get marry ? duff no. will ' do not sound so sure . duff well , matter of fact , I do a lot of bangin ' ' round . will yeah . that 's how I a ' you mother get start . I be tellin ' you , boy , you be not get a chance without dough . they take it all away from you . he drain he glass and put it down for Lee to refill . lee pour you own trouble , will . will you mother use to lay for she boss , boy . do you know that ? lee shut up , will . will okay , so what 's a girl suppose to do ? I not workin ' and she cleanin ' house for a white man . I be tellin ' you , boy , keep away from marriage . ya gotta stay light on you foot or you will not make it . he put he hand on Lee 's bare arm . will be she good in the hay ? no point marryin ' she just to find out . be there , baby ? lee if you do not quit it , will , I be leave . will you be break my heart . ( he grab she neck and shake she ) get to see a man about a dog . dance floor duff and Lee be dance . she look at he with a touch of sympathy . lee do not let he get you , duff . duff how often do he get like that ? lee whenever he 's get a edge on . duff how often be that ? lee he 's be hit it pretty hard . get high blood pressure , too . I guess it 's hard on he , have you around . bar will be back and drink when duff and Lee come off the dance floor . will ( aggressively ) well , what d' you think of she ? duff say nothing . will I ask you somethin' , boy ! duff I hear you . will pretty good for a one - armed nigger , huh ? duff great . will what d' you want anyhow ? what you come and bother I for ? lee he 's you son . will okay , boy , beat it . duff I get the point . he leave money on the bar . lee come back some other time , will you ? duff yeah , sure . good luck . downtown STREET ( night ) duff be walk , lose in think . int . bus depot ( night ) josie enter with she purchase . she join duff at the sandwich counter . josie hi. duff ( relieved to see she ) I think you be not comin' . she sit down . josie how do it go ? duff what ? josie you boy . duff okay , I guess . josie ( to off - screen waitress ) I will have some coffee , please . duff you know , I be thinkin' - how ' bout we gettin ' marry ? josie be stunne . josie ( play for time ) what d' you mean ? duff just what I say . do not look so scared . the waitress put down a cup of coffee . josie thank you . duff how about it ? josie what happen , duff ? duff look , baby - I do not know ' bout you , but it 's the right thing for I . I just know it be . so , what d' you say ? josie do not push I , duff . duff yeah . would not be no picnic for you . I be not exactly housebroken . josie what about that girl ? duff she do not mean nothin ' to I . that 's all over . ( after a moment ) Hell , baby - I be askin ' you to marry I . I guess you want a big scene , huh ? josie no . but a small one . they look at each other . duff it 's yes , huh ? int . bunk car ( Day ) frankie be look scornfully at duff , who be lie on he bunk bed . frankie I will be a monkey 's kid sister ! what d' you want to do a thing like that for ? jocko ' musta knock she up . frankie what be you gonna get out of it , huh ? duff ( with a smile ) a whole lot , frankie . frankie ( aggressively ) like what ? duff like a home , for one thing . frankie you gonna sit at home the rest of you life ? Jesus ! duff well , it 's better than windin ' up like a bum . frankie ( defensively ) what ' you signifyin' ? duff I be not thinkin ' about you , frankie . jocko ol ' doris sure goin ' to miss you . frankie just give he a couple of month . a girl like that , she do not know any trick . jocko you know what doris tell I ? she say : that duff 's a nice guy . would not even charge he nothin ' . frankie I guess you will be quittin ' the railroad , huh , man ? duff that 's right . frankie man , you must be plumb outa you mind ! you will be makin ' twen'y buck a week , if you be lucky . int . moving car josie be next to duff . they be drive past a row of small attach house in the black section of town . josie turn here . there it be ! they stop in front of a house . it be barely larger than a shack . dilapidated live room duff and Jose come in . the room be full of abandon , break furniture and the ceiling and wallpaper hang down in strip . josie I use to know they . they have go North . duff ( with a laugh ) I can see why . josie well , what d' you think ? duff it 's okay with I , baby . but how ' you goin ' to like it ? josie it will be fine when we get do with it . ext . window of live room duff be look out through the break pane of glass . duff who 's that ? neighboring house , see from window a woman be put laundry into a wash machine on the open porch . her child be all around she and in the yard below . ext . window josie have stop next to duff and look out . josie that 's bessie Hall . barney work at the mill . duff yeah ? josie remove a shard of glass from the window ; a larger piece fall out . duff hey , watch out ! guess you want a house full of pickaninny too , huh ? josie do not call they that . duff that 's all right with I . always like kid . he move to the rear of the room . live room josie turn to he . josie what about you boy ? duff ( defensively ) what about he ? josie he could live with we . duff let 's just see how the two of we make out first , huh ? int . church duff and josie be get marry . duff be wait near the pulpit . the section hand be seat on one side of the aisle , josie 's family and friend on the other . the gospel piano segues into the wedding march . josie be come down the aisle by herself . she join duff and they step forward to face reverend Dawson . duff and josie' bedroom ( early morning ) josie lie in bed with close eye . she hear duff move and turn to he . he be dress for work . josie good luck , baby . he sit down beside she for a moment . int . moving car duff be in the rear seat with he new neighbor , barney . Joe , a millhand , sit next to the driver in front . he turn to duff . joe hard to get up in the morning , huh ? duff ( with a grin ) that 's right . how ' you doin ' , barney ? barney ( not give to say much ) okay . ext . SMALL house the car drive up and Joe lean out . joe come on , Willie ! Willie , a big man , have be fix he front step . willie just a minute , man . joe come on - we be late ! willie ( take he time ) yazzuh , boss - ah 's comin ' as fast as ah can . he pick up he lunch box and shuffles toward the car , stepin ' fetchit style . joe ( laugh ) get in the car , man ! int . car Willie climb in next to duff . willie how ' you do , man ? duff okay . ( to the driver ) let 's go . willie that 's right , jethro - take we to the plant . and hurry , boy - ah 's get a heavy day . the driver back up fast , jerk the passenger forward . willie ah tell you , man - you give this nigger a machine and they go stark - ravin ' wild ! laughter . int . mill entrance duff be among the mill hand punch in on the time clock . voice of foreman ( off screen ) you new here ? duff that 's right . mill yard duff and two other man be work on top of a pile of lumber . a white supervisor on a forklift have be watch they . foreman ( call ) hey , Jack ! duff do not respond . foreman hey , boy - I be talkin ' to you . duff ( after a moment ) name 's duff . foreman how ' you do ? duff okay . foreman ( genially ) look like you be doin ' a good job . duff thanks . foreman do not say much , do you ? duff guess I do not . foreman just so you do you work . ext . mill shed the mill hand be on they lunch break . the only white man among they be look at duff with a grin . white Hell , I bet that black girl really go for you , huh ? that 's the best-lookin ' color girl in town . duff be eat and say nothing . white what 's the matter ? still on you honeymoon , huh ? just like you , barney . ' be on you honeymoon for twen'y year , huh ? barney ( cautiously ) yeah . the white mill hand help himself to a piece of barney 's pie . white how many kid you get now , barney ? barney four . white ( eat the pie ) hmmm - she can cook , too . man , it 's no wonder you ' be draggin ' you tail on the job . you ' be doin ' you best work at home . he notice that duff 's face be set . white ( aggressively ) what 's the matter , boy ? never smile ? duff I will smile when it 's funny . white so it be not funny , huh ? well , I think it be . what d' you say , barney ? be not it funny ?! barney yeah , it be funny . white sure. ( to the other ) what d' you say , boy ? be not it funny ? mill hand yeah . sure . white ( to duff ) trouble with you , boy , you be not get no sense of humor . ought to smile more . duff I know . white you ' new here , man ! ( he get up to leave ) see you , boy . joe ( to duff after a moment ) you know , man , that guy be try to be friendly . duff that be not my idea of friendliness . barney you get to watch yourself pretty close . willie yeah , you want to get along , act the nigger . duff like hell . you know , if you fellow stick together ' stead of let they walk all over you , they might not try it . joe like hell they would not . willie they be doin ' it all my life . duff maybe it 's time you stop let they . jesse , a heavy - set man who have be silent till now , stand up and look at duff . jesse man , you sound like a trouble man . ext . duff and josie' house ( dusk ) the light be on inside . duff and josie' kitchen duff be finish he supper at the table . josie be at the stove pour coffee . she put a piece of pie in front of he . he drink he Coke out of the bottle . josie use the glass , honey . that 's what it 's for . duff ( with a grin ) be that so ? josie yeah , that 's so . she return to the stove . duff pick up the pie and sniff it suspiciously . josie what 's wrong ? duff smell like something crawle in there and die . josie ( innocently ) oh really ? I think it be pretty good . duff come here , baby . he get she to sit on he lap . duff everything you cook be good . josie duff - you know that woman you use to know -- he fork a bite of pie into she mouth . duff what about they ? josie ( she mouth full ) be I as good as they ? duff ( drink ) hmmm - good coffee . josie you do not answer my question . duff baby , you be the best thing that ever happen to I . josie you still do not answer my question . duff well , if you do not know I can not tell you . she elbow he in the stomach . he laugh . backyard ( night ) duff be help josie take in the wash . Music from barney 's house . josie you know how to box ? duff uh-huh . why ? josie my kid want I to teach they . duff okay . come on . put them up ! she assume the posture of a boxer . duff laugh and adjust she hand . duff like so . there you go . okay , hit I ! josie I do not want to hurt you . duff go on - hit I ! she do . duff ooh ! my , oh my ! they spar - briefly in sync with the music . she go after he , flail she arm . the music be turn off abruptly and we hear bessie 's raise voice . she be out on the porch of she house , yell at barney . bessie just leave I alone ! you can sit out here all night . I do not care what you do ! you be no good around the house anyway . barney remain silent . duff and josie exchange a look . duff and josie' bedroom ( night ) they be in bed . duff ( gravely ) it sure scare you , a guy like that - settin ' out on he porch , doin ' nothin' . I see hundred of they - all my life . josie my father 's never do a thing for any of they . he touch she face . josie I be very happy , duff . how about you ? he smile . josie get up and slip out of she nightgown . her body merge with the darkness . duff and josie' live room ( even ) the place have be paint and simply furnish . josie have make dinner for the section hand . pop be the only one who be still eat . frankie you sure do a great job , Mrs. Anderson . josie thanks , but you have not eat very much . how about it , frankie ? I bet you could eat some more . frankie no , thanks . riddick ( to duff ) how 's that job comin' ? duff well , it be not the railroad . that guy be scared . guess they have never know nothin ' but takin ' it . jocko ( with a edge ) they all get family to support . duff ( good-naturedly ) yeah . that 's right , jocko . ( to the other ) that white guy sure shoot up at you like a yeast cake if you just cock a eye at they . jocko ( sarcastically ) I guess you will be make ' some change ' round here . duff ( with a grin ) what 's eatin ' you , jocko ? jocko nothin ' . I just figure you be the right man for the job . josie ( change the subject ) I guess you will all keep workin ' together , will not you ? frankie heck , no . they be shippin ' we all over the map . josie that 's too bad . riddick if you want ' them , there 's some expert dishwasher here . josie no , thanks . my kitchen 's too small . riddick get up . riddick okay , fellow - let 's give the folk some privacy . doorway the man , on they way out , shake hand with duff . duff good-bye , frankie . frankie ' get a good thing , man . pop see ya . duff take it easy , pop. ( shaking riddick 's hand ) ' see you before you take off . jocko ' see ya . duff ' bye , jocko . bathroom ( night ) duff be wash he face at the sink . josie come up behind he . she be in she nightgown . josie duff . he turn to she . instead of speak , she turn she back to he . josie my back itches . he scratch she back . josie how would you like to have a baby , duff ? duff huh ? josie do not look so scared . duff you jivin ' I ? josie well , I have not come around . duff be take aback . duff ai not that something ?! ( recover ) that 's just fine , baby . josie we will be all right . he kiss she and sit down on the rim of the bathtub . duff man , we sure hit the jackpot fast around here . josie what about you boy ? duff how come you keep askin' ? josie I keep think about he . duff well , he be not mine , so skip it . she gargle . duff move over to she with a grin and put he arm around she -- duff baby , we be goin ' to put a whole lot of little kid into this world . Hell , we will swamp them . locker room , mill the man be do for the day . duff be put on he shirt . Willie be under the shower . duff Hell , if they can do it in Birmingham - and that 's a mean town , we oughta do something here . Willie say nothing . his eye be on a white supervisor , who have stop in the doorway . supervisor ' you duff Anderson ? duff that 's right . supervisor want to talk to you . duff okay . supervisor I hear you be tryin ' to organize this place ! duff I do not know what you be talkin ' about . supervisor that 's no way to talk , boy . now we have one of they union man 'round here coupla year ago . stir up a lot of trouble . they be always after you color boy . duff I still do not know what you be talkin ' about . supervisor you a union man ? duff use to be . on the railroad . supervisor uh-huh . well , this be not the railroad . now what 's all this talk about stickin ' together ? duff well , what d' you know ?! he look over at the other man . they avoid he eye . supervisor look , boy , we get a smooth operation here , and I aim to keep it that way . now I get a idea you be plannin ' trouble . duff no . you get the wrong idea . supervisor all right , then . all I want you to do be tell this boy here you do not mean what you say about stickin ' together a ' all . duff say nothing . the mill hand watch he silently . supervisor want to keep you job , boy ? duff what d' you think ? supervisor then do like I say . ( to the man ) Men - this boy here 's get something to tell you - all. ( to duff ) well , how about it ? duff look at the supervisor in silence , fully aware that he be about to be fire . he turn and open he locker . supervisor Boy , you be actin' like a nigger with no sense . all right , go down ' the office and get you pay . tell they you be through . duff car he be drive past josie 's school and slow down . the kid be out in the yard but josie be not in sight . he accelerate , he face set . duff and josie' bedroom ( night ) josie be correct papers on the bed . duff be at the mantel , play with a cat . he put a small box over its head . the cat cry out and back up clumsily , try to free itself . josie do not , duff . duff yeah . he sit down . josie come over and sit on the arm of the chair . duff I be jumpy , that 's all . she run she hand through he hair . josie well , you have have quite a day . he brushes she off : duff I do not like bein ' mothere . when she touch he again , he jump up . duff Jesus , baby -- leave I alone , will ya ? he fling himself down on the bed . josie ( sit down beside he ) do not deny I , duff . duff Hell , baby - I meet this beautiful chick and she 's just dyin ' for I , okay ? she take he by the shoulder and shake he . josie do not be so silly . duff laugh . duff yeah . but just how're we goin ' to make out ? I get to get I a job . josie you will . duff pay be so damn low . I do not want my kid to grow up like barney 's . josie they will not . duff I be tell you , baby , maybe we better get out of here . josie ( gravely ) we can always do that , duff . duff yeah . yeah , I know . I be not really thinkin ' about it . anyway , do not want that white guy laughin ' up they sleeve at I when they see I pull out . ext . hiring shed , mill yard duff wait outside the open window , while the white man in the shed check he job application . white yeah , we can use you . ever work a see mill ? duff yeah . white where be that ? duff ( after a moment 's hesitation ) Walker and Williams . white what do you say you name be ? duff Anderson . the man check for duff 's name on a list . white ( turn to duff ) sorry , boy , there be not nothin ' here . int . restaurant duff be sit at the lunch counter . Joe , the mill hand , come in . joe ( to the waitress ) hello , france . he sit down next to duff . joe how ' you doin ' man ? duff ( non-committal ) okay . joe ( to france ) Cup of coffee . ( to duff ) I ' be meanin ' to talk to you . duff oh yeah ? joe you know , over at the mill , there 's just one guy that talk . it 's kinda late to say it , but we shoulda act different . the waitress bring he coffee . joe be over to the other mill ? duff yeah , I be there . joe it 's just that we be not use to seein ' anyone stand up 'round here . kinda take we by surprise . duff oh yeah ? that 's good . int . pool hall duff be at the bar . bartender well , if you try the mill , there be not no other industry ' round here . duff how ' bout that furniture plant ? bartender ( with a laugh ) man , the darkest thing they get in there be coca-cola . duff yeah . bartender now , if you want to work like a real nigger , you can always go out and chop cotton . duff ( grimly ) they do that too long in my family . bartender they pay you three buck a day a ' all the cotton you can eat . duff laugh . HOTEL lobby duff face the white manager , who be behind the registration desk . manager yeah , I might have something for you , if you want to put on a uniform . duff look over at the one black man in the lobby - a uniform bellhop empty ashtray . duff what 's the pay ? manager pay 's ten dollar a week , plus tip and lunch . duff I see . ai not for I , thanks . int . general store the white proprietor have rung up the order for a elderly black woman . proprietor now what about soap ? woman I get enough . proprietor ( insist ) I get a good buy on soap . you go on over there a ' take a look ! ( urging she on ) right over there . the woman go over to look at the soap . the proprietor turn to duff . proprietor yes ? duff I be lookin ' for work . proprietor I get a boy . thanks . int . duff car he be drive through town at a fast clip . the car rattles . int . beauty parlor the staff and clientele be black . duff enter and sit down close to josie , who be have she hair do . josie hi. duff do not ask , baby - huh ! ( lowering he voice ) how much money you get with you ? josie about ten dollar . duff Water pump 's bust . I do not know if it 's worth fixin' , but I need that car . josie you can have what I have get . it 's right there . duff open she pocketbook , embarrassed by the woman watch he . flat bed truck it rattles over a country road between cotton field . duff stand among the field hand on the open flatbe . ext . cotton gin the white foreman be up on the load platform . he address a group of field hand look for work . foreman startin ' tomorrow mornin' , we get work for fifteen hand . all we be gonna pay be two - fifty a day . can not pay you the three ' cause be not gonna be much of a crop this year . now you all who want to work , step up and we will take you name . duff be among the few who leave . the other surge closer to the platform , ready to work for any wage . duff and josie' porch ( night ) josie be sewing on the porch . duff be in the yard a few foot away , use the back of a axe to hammer loose nail into a old chair . josie it 's not as hard on a girl . they be not afraid of we . duff say nothing . josie you know - we do have enough money . especially now . duff ( grimly ) sure , baby . ' fact , I do not ever have to work no more . when that baby come , I can just stay home and send you back to school . how about that ? josie I be try to help , duff . duff yeah ! josie ( after a moment ) I could work even after the baby come . a few hour a week , anyway . duff what the hell could you do ? josie Day work . duff ' you kiddin ' ? you be not goin ' to no white home . I see the way they look at you when you go down the street . he jump up and raise the axe -- duff no point fixin ' it ! josie ( frighten ) what be you go to do ? he smashes the axe into the chair . josie ( jump up ) do not do that ! duff watch out ! he smashes the chair to piece . duff ( throw down the axe ) good kindlin ' ! he turn to josie . she be look at he , deeply upset . duff what 's bitin ' you now !? she turn away . he jump up onto the porch and grab she . duff you hear I ! josie I can not stand to see you like that . I know you can not help it . duff ( darkly ) stop bein ' so damn understandin' . duff and josie' live room ( Day ) duff be on the sofa , look up at reverend Dawson . reverend dawson I know just how you feel , son . but believe I , you be go about it the wrong way . duff do not look like there 's a right way . reverend dawson well , you have to be reasonable . now they say you be a troublemaker . that 's no good . use a little psychology . make them think you be go along - and get what you want . duff it be not in I . reverend dawson you will be in trouble , son . ( after a moment ) now just how do you intend to support you family ? duff I guess I will rob a bank . reverend dawson do not you get smart with I , boy . we hear a dish break . kitchen josie be on the floor , pick up piece of break glass . live room reverend dawson maybe you ought to move . you would be a lot better off in the North . duff so I be tell . reverend dawson it 's for you own good . duff oh yeah ? ( he get up ) seem to I , reverend , you ' more concerned ' bout you good . guess it look kind 'a bad , havin ' I for a son-in - law . reverend dawson you can be cocky now , boy . but you will not make it . you will not last . I just feel sorry for josie . I know it would not work out . duff well , at least she be not marry to no white man 's nigger ! you be stoopin ' so long , reverend , you do not even know how to stand straight no more . you ' just half a man ! kitchen josie have cut she finger on the glass . she be weep silently . live room reverend Dawson turn to leave . his sense of calm superiority be shattered . reverend dawson ( at the door ) maybe I could talk to Bud Ellis . he might have a job for you at he fill station . duff oh yeah ? reverend dawson I will be see you . josie have come into the room . josie ( gravely ) ' bye , dad . duff and josie' bedroom ( night ) duff watch josie . she be sit at she dress table . duff how come you do not hate they gut ? josie I do not know . I guess I be not afraid of they . duff you be plenty scared that night in the car . josie just of get hurt . they can not touch I inside . duff like hell they can not . ( he get up ) they can reach right in with they damn white hand and turn you off and on . josie not if you see they for what they be , duff . duff ( explode ) Jesus , baby , you be so full of talk ! well , you be not never really be a nigger , have you - livin ' like that in you father 's house ! so just shut you mouth . ext . gas station ( night ) duff finish pump gas into Joe 's car . duff that 's two buck , Joe . joe ( pay ) why do not you come over for a beer when you get through ? duff okay , I will . Brad Ellis , the white owner of the service station , come out of he office . ellis hey , duff ! run the truck down Holly Road . there 's a guy in the ditch . cab of tow truck ( night ) duff be drive along a wood country road . shred of fog drift across the headlight . a ditch car come into view , its front end crush against a tree . a tubby white man stand beside it , wave to duff with a flashlight . duff pass he and back up to the car . country road the owner come toward he eagerly . owner sure glad to see you , boy . duff get out of the tow truck to inspect the damage car . the owner follow he , nervous and garrulous . owner guess I be kinda lucky , huh ? my wife 's go to give I hell . duff lower the hoist on the truck . owner ( anxiously ) how you doin ' , boy ? duff okay . he get under the car to attach the chain . owner want I to hold the light for you ? duff no , thanks . owner just tryin ' to be helpful . he continue talk , though duff can not hear he . owner most folk around here get no use for nigrah . get to understand they , that 's all . how you doin ' , boy ? duff ( emerge from under the car ) okay . the owner test the rig with he foot . owner seem a little loose ! duff ( with a grin ) she will do . he start raise the car . owner she be not comin ' up even ! duff ignore he . the chain slip and the car drop to the ground with a bang . owner ( jump back ) Jesus , I tell you to watch it ! duff sorry . he get back under the car . owner that 's the trouble with you boy ! do not listen when a man tell you something . duff she do not look no worse to I . owner do not do she no good to get bang like that . duff ( under the car ) do not do she no good to go into a tree . owner ( enraged ) what do you say , boy ?! duff I say , she 's in great shape . owner I hear you ! now ' stead of bein ' smart , you just get that car out of here ! gas station ( night ) duff be change a tire outside the repair bay . a car shoot out of the dark with its horn blaring , and screech to a stop at the pump . Brad Ellis step up to the driver . ellis can I help you ? the driver be the white mill hand who give duff a hard time at the mill . driver ( indicate duff ) like some service from that boy there . like the way he take care of we . ellis okay . duff have come over . he be aware of impending trouble . one of the man in the car be the owner of the ditch vehicle . duff fill she up ? driver no , boy . thirty - eight cent worth of gas . and watch you do not make it thirty - nine . duff start the pump . driver do not hear you say " yessir ! " do not they say " yessir " where you come from ? duff finish pump and put the nozzle back onto the pump . driver Boy - you hear I ?! duff that will be thirty - eight cent . driver goddamnit , nigger - you must think you be white ! who d' you think you be - king of harlem ? second white how ' bout this windshield , boy ? like a little service . duff take a moment before move to the windshield and wiping it . the man inside the car watch he through the glass . third white Hell , they be get ' too big for they britches . second white yeah , he wife 's the same way , struttin ' through town like she own the place - shakin ' that little rear end . third white it 's all that education they be get . driver Real cool , be not he ! just like we be not here . duff move over to the driver . duff that will be thirty - eight cent . driver you in a big hurry , boy ? second white yeah , he 's tryin ' to get home ! driver Bet she 's pretty hot , huh ? duff ( very tense ) you watch you mouth , man ! the driver have finally find a way of get to duff and a grin spread over he face . driver I bet she 's a sly little nigger , that girl . would not mind a piece of she myself ! duff all right , you get out of here , man ! driver ( explode ) who be you tellin ' to get , boy ?! you watch it , or there will be some dyin ' do ' round here ! duff that dyin 's gonna be do two way . he step away from the car , a hand on the rear pocket where he keep he knife . in the backseat , the owner of the ditch car look nervous . owner let 's go , Al . he be not worth it . driver ( turn on he ) now you stay out of it ! Brad Ellis have come over . ellis what 's goin ' on ? driver you better get rid of this white - eye nigger ! ellis ( to duff ) what happen ? driver never mind ! you keep he workin ' here and this place will not be around . and I be not kiddin ' ! he gun the engine and shoot out of the service station in a cloud of dust . duff look at Ellis , whose next move be predictable , and leave the frame to run a water hose over the back of he neck . Ellis stop next to he . ellis guess we get trouble . duff ( blow up ) you be not get none , mister ! ellis I be sorry , duff . duff ( toss down the hose ) do not tell I . I know . duff and josie' live room ( night ) duff enter . josie come out of the bedroom in she nightgown . she have be wait up . josie I call the gas station . I have be worried . duff slump down on the sofa , utterly discourage . duff Hell , if they do not blow up he place , they will get he some other way . do not make no difference no-how . josie ( anxiously ) what d' you mean ? duff nothin . quit lookin ' at I like that ! he get up . josie ( approach he ) duff , I love you . duff well , that do not do I one bit of good ! she touch he . josie come on , duff - let 's go to bed . he give she a sudden , violent shove . it send she sprawling to the floor . she pick herself up , weep . duff I never should have marry you in the first place . he stare at she . duff ai not you goin ' to say something ? josie there 's nothing to say . duff well , that will be the first time . he leave the room . duff and josie' bedroom ( night ) duff be pack he thing . josie be on the bed . josie where be you go to go ? duff when I get set , I will send for you . josie I do not think that will happen . duff you will be better off without I . I be not fit to live with no more . it 's just like a lynchin' . maybe they do not use a knife on you , but they get other way . josie you be not a man because of a job , duff . duff you don ' know nothin ' ' bout it , baby . nothin ' ! and do not kid yourself - you do you bit . he close he bag . duff okay . josie duff -- duff ( at the door ) like I say , baby - I will write you . int . duff car ( Dawn ) he be drive across a bridge into Birmingham . downtown STREET duff stand on a desert corner . ext . tenement stair duff climb up to will Anderson 's room . will room will be sit at the table in a drunken stupor . there be a knock at the door . will who be it ? lee it 's you son . duff enter . will my son ? I be not get no son . you duff ? duff that 's right . will beat it ! he get up and stagger toward duff duff take it easy , pop . will what 's the matter ? do not smell so good , huh ? must 'a break some record . he push duff away and pour himself a glass of whiskey . his hand be shaking . duff ( try to restrain he ) come on , pop . lee nothing you can do . be like this for day . will get no use for nobody . he raise the glass to he mouth , but drop it and put he hand on the back of he head . duff what be it ? what 's the matter ? Lee grab will and push he onto the bed . lee ( at the end of she rope ) now you lay down and get some sleep ! will grab she blindly and pull she down onto the bed . lee ( freeing herself , furious ) you let go ! she start pick up the break glass . will sit up again . he be daze . lee now you stay put ! will ( leave the bed ) I be not drunk , honey . lee like hell you be not ! he sit down at the table and touch the back of he head . will get a thick feelin ' here . lee what 's the matter now ? will better now . ( close he eye ) where ' you at ? lee ( concerned ) right here . she put she hand on he forehead . will could not get the word out before . duff better get he to a hospital . will do not I tell you to beat it - huh ? lee ( take will 's arm ) let 's go . will anything you say , baby . with duff 's help , Lee raise will out of the chair . ext . tenement , rain duff have help Lee get will into the backseat of he car . through the window we see he grope blindly for Lee 's breast . int . moving car duff , in the driver 's seat , be lose in think . lee ( off-screen ) duff . duff turn to she . will 's head be in she lap . lee he stop breathin' . duff stop the car . int . funeral parlor the undertaker sit down behind he desk . he lay out will 's watch and a few other belonging for duff and Lee , who be stand in front of he . undertaker we think you might want this . duff thanks . undertaker would you like I to say anything tomorrow ? duff guess so . undertaker have anything in mind ? duff no . what you usually say , I guess . undertaker where be you father bear ? duff I do not know . he look at Lee . she shake she head . undertaker his profession ? duff well , he work around . undertaker and he age ? duff I do not know . forty -eight , I guess . undertaker any other family ? duff no. just I . ( he include Lee ) I a ' she . undertaker well , I guess that 's all till tomorrow . duff okay , thanks very much . urban cemetery , birmingham the mechanical arm of a backhoe open up a new grave . duff and Lee walk away from the burial site . the camera move with they . lee what be you go to do ? duff say nothing . lee want to come up the house ? you can stay there till you get on you foot . there 's no point pay a hotel . duff no thanks , Lee . lee it 's just that I hate empty room . duff sure . lee well , what be you go to do ? duff I guess I will make I some trouble in that town . lee go back , huh ? duff that 's right . lee they will run you out . duff no , they will not . lee how ' you gonna live ? duff I can always chop cotton if I have to . ( he stop ) if you want a ride , I will take you home . lee no , thanks . I will take the bus . duff okay . lee do not be too hard on he . duff Hell , I be just like he . lee I know he be not much of a father . duff who be ?! lee good-bye , duff . she walk away . birmingham alleyway ( night ) from the interior of duff 's car we see duff come out of effie simm ' house , carry James Lee through the rain . he deposit the scared - look boy in the front seat and get in on the driver 's side . James Lee shrink as far away from duff as the seat allow . duff ( with a kindly grin ) that window 's break , boy . you stay over there , you be gonna get awful wet . int . moving car ( Dawn ) the sun be come up through the tree . James Lee be asleep on the front seat . duff and josie' live room duff bring in the sleep boy and put he down on the sofa . then he leave to get he belonging . josie have wake up and come in from the bedroom in she nightgown . she see James Lee and lean over he . josie ( softly ) hi. James Lee open he eye . josie hear duff enter and turn to he . they come together and hold each other for a long moment . duff ai not gonna be easy , baby - but it 's gonna be all right . josie be weep . duff baby I feel so free inside .