notorious by cheo hodari coker revision by Reggie rock bythewood April 30 , 2007 Fox searchlight 10201 West pico boulevard Building 38 Los Angeles , CA 90036 ( 310 ) 369-4420 int . petersen automotive museum - night today be the first party of the rest of you life . that 's how this hip hop crowd be dance . like the future be theirs . beautiful woman and sharply - dress man grind , flirt and floss . it 's the vibe magazine party . suddenly , '' hypnotize '' by biggie small erupt through the speaker and the surge of adrenaline take the crowd to another level . there be no societal shackle or chain here . free at last . free at last . thank God and hip hop , motherfuckas be free at last . - los angele . MARCH 9 , 1997 . - christopher wallace , six - three , three hundred pound , suavely dress , sit at a table with the flashy owner of bad Boy entertainment , sean '' puffy '' comb . both man have battle , take the hill and plant the flag . tonight , they toast each other with three hundred dollar champagne . puffy let 's change the world . christopher can not change the world if we do not change ourselves . they clink glass . ext . parking garage - night Christopher amble along slowly with he cane . he be flanke by friend , damien , greg and cease . they walk to a green suburban ... ext . los angele STREET - night the suburban drive away from the Petersen Automotive Museum and stop at a red light ... int . the suburban - night Christopher ride shotgun . he and the rest of he friend be in a particularly good mood , laugh and joke . Christopher look out the window . ext . los angele STREET - night a black chevy impala pull up alongside he , cradling a man whose face we do not see . a nine millimeter stick out the window and fire off half a dozen round . each gunshot echoes like a howl . the empty shell casing fall to the ground in slow motion , hit the pavement with quiet ping . scream and pandemonium ensue . the squeal of tire as the impala escape away into the night . Christopher 's head tilt toward camera , lifeless . sudden silence . then a soulful gospel song break through . '' i_want Jesus to walk with I . I want Jesus to walk with I ... '' int . frank E. campbell funeral chapel - day a twenty -four-year - old sister sing . it be she voice we be listen to . this be faith evan . faith struggle to keep she emotion in check . this be nota performance . it be a confession . '' when my heart be almost break , I want Jesus to walk with I . '' Christopher wallace lay in a casket sport a white suit and match white derby . if gangster could be angel , they would look like this . the chapel be jam packed . a fire hazard . mary J. blige , heavy D , busta rhyme , mayor david dinkins , puffy and hundred of other -- a community of sorrow . faith 's emotion build . the song reach its climax . finally , she break . tear fall as she head to she seat . voletta wallace , regal , late forty , walk to the podium . her eye be the only dry one in the house . she be simply cry out . voletta open she Bible , read from the Book of job with a slight jamaican accent . voletta for there be hope of a tree , if it be cut down , that it will sprout again and that the tender branch thereof will not cease ... as voletta continue to read from the Bible , she voice be overtaken by voice over . voletta ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I decide to read from the Book of job , not to comfort anyone here . ( beat --) half the people who come be sincere . various angle on distraught mourner . voletta ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the other half come because it be the place to be . Music people have a habit of do that . be where they be suppose to be . sometimes I resent they . sometimes I resent my Christopher for get mix up with this people in the first place . voletta close she Bible . head back to she seat . voletta ( cont 'd ) theirs be a world where Black man be call nigger , woman be call bitch and marijuana be breakfast , lunch and dinner . camera move in on voletta . voletta ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) no , I do not read that scripture to comfort they . I read they to comfort I . I read they because I do not want to hate God for take away my Christopher ... int . brooklyn apartment - day a two bedroom apartment . not fancy but nice . a honor roll certificate from St. Peter claver elementary hang on the wall . country music sung by charley pride play from a modest stereo . voletta , twenty - eight - year -old , be at the stove fry egg and bacon . - brooklyn , may 1981 . - voletta walk across the room , put food on she plate and on the plate of a husky , almost seven -year-old christopher who have a lazy left eye . she sit across from he as he start to dig in . voletta ( sternly ) Christopher . christopher oh , sorry . he clasp he hand together and close he eye . christopher ( cont 'd ) heavenly Father , thank you for this food we be about to receive , for the nourishment of we body . amen . voletta amen . Christopher begin to woof down the food . voletta ( cont 'd ) slow down , boy . you be gonna 's choke . as Christopher continue to eat -- christopher ma , why you always have to play this corny ole music ? voletta I happen to like this music . as the tempo of the song pick up , Christopher jump out of he seat do he version of a square dance . christopher yeehaw ! voletta that 's enough . christopher I make you smile . voletta I be not that easy . christopher be to . voletta try I . he sit back down and the contest be on . Christopher and voletta stare dead into each other 's face . neither one flinching or blink . his will against she will . finally , voletta burst out laugh . christopher yes ! yes ! voletta okay , okay . but that still give you no right to insult my music . Christopher continue to devour he food . voletta ( cont 'd ) guy like charley pride tell storey . you could see what they be sing about . christopher sorry , ma . but all I see be corny . so can I have some more please ? Christopher hold out he empty plate . voletta take it and get he some more food . ext . bus stop - day voletta step off the mta Bus with Christopher . he 's dress in he school uniform , a yellow shirt , slack and plaid tie . voletta ( v.0 . ) when I be nineteen , I come to the States to create a better life for myself . before I know it , I get pregnant with Christopher and everything change . voletta walk Christopher to St. Peter claver elementary . she give he a hug then Christopher bop inside . int . ST. peter claver elementary - classroom - day a Catholic school . predominantly African - american . miss sloan , a young White woman , walk down the aisle as the student take a test . most of the student wince as if they be in pain . Christopher breeze through the test like it 's the easiest thing in the world . voletta ( v.0o . ) I want to make sure he have have the chance to create a better life for himself . and I figure a good education would be the key . miss sloan notice he from across the room and approach . she glance down at he paper , whisper encouragingly . miss sloan I see you study hard for this , Christopher . Christopher look up , earnestly . christopher no , ma‘am . he go back to knock out the test as miss sloan , take aback , walk away . ext . ST . peter claver elementary - day it be recess . kid play basketball and freeze tag . Christopher sit on a bench thumbing through a magazine with he best friend , hubert . they see picture of the crash Crew , the funky four , the treacherous Three and the sugar Hill gang . then , they come across another picture . hubert yo , check out kurtis blow . Christopher roll up the magazine pretend it 's a microphone . he rap . christopher '' clap you hand everybody , if you get what it take . ' Cause I be kurtis blow and I want you to know ... '' christopher /hubert '' that this be the break . '' they laugh and slap each other five . Christopher turn the page of the magazine and see another cool picture . christopher oh , snap . Love bug starski . yo hubie , can I get this one ? hubert alright . Christopher carefully tear out a picture of Love bug starski . at the last second , it rip . hubert laugh . hubert ( cont 'd ) dag , you fuck it up . hubert get up , join some other kid in a basketball game . Christopher desperately salvage what 's leave of the picture . ext . ST . jame place - day it be a neighborhood street line with brownstone and small apartment building . voletta walk with Christopher as she peruse he test . Christopher notice a soupe - up maxima with shiny rim park at the light . the driver be a cool and confident young black man . his license plate 's read , '' money . '' voletta jockey for Christopher 's attention . voletta one hundred percent . I be proud of you , chrissy - pooh . christopher ma , do not call I that anymore . voletta I forget . you be all grow up now . chico , a eight - year - old Black kid , ride he bicycle over . chico hey Mrs. wallace , there 's some nig ... I mean , man , wait for you in front of you building . when voletta turn she head , chico grab he nut , taunting Christopher . Christopher grab he nut , taunting chico . voletta let 's go , Chris . Christopher straighten up , go with he mother . voletta ( cont 'd ) thank you , chico . chico you nre welcome . as voletta and Christopher near they building , voletta stop stunne . a tall West indian man , selwyn , be there . christopher who 's that ? int . brooklyn apartment - night Christopher in pajamas , sit next to selwyn play atari . they laugh like old friend . Christopher win . christopher yes ! selwyn either I be really terrible or you be really good . christopher Nah , I be really good . I beat most of my friend , too . voletta okay mister . you go brush you tooth and get in bed . I x11 be there to tuck you in . Christopher get up , turn to selwyn -- christopher good night . selwyn good night , son . selwyn extend he hand . Christopher look down , shake it . he notice selwyn 's old and worn shoe , which contradict any status the man pretend to hold . selwyn ( cont 'd ) uh uh . when you shake a man 's hand , look he in the eye . Christopher raise he head and look selwyn directly in the eye . selwyn smile . then Christopher turn and head for the bathroom . selwyn ( cont 'd ) he 's something else . voletta yes . he be . selwyn maybe you should put he on a diet -- voletta ( of all the nerve --) Excuse I ? selwyn uh , nothing . you have any more tea ? voletta get up , pour tea in a tea cup , and hand it to selwyn . he touch voletta 's hand as he take the cup . selwyn ( cont 'd ) how about some sugar ? voletta stare at he , then snatch she hand away . she grab a bowl of sugar and slam it on the table . voletta sit back down on the couch as selwyn sweeten he tea . int . christopher 's bedroom - night Christopher use scotch tape to hang the tatter picture of Love bug starski . through the close door , he hear the muffled conversation of he parent . selwyn ( 0.c. ) thing be complicated , voletta . I know you do not want to hear that but that 's the truth . voletta ( 0.c. ) thing be complicated for I , too . that do not mean I be go to abandon we son for five year . Christopher go to he boom box , turn on the radio , move the dial to 107.5 , Mr. Magic 's Rap attack . int . brooklyn apartment - live room - night selwyn hold out two hundred dollar . selwyn you want the money or not ? voletta that depend . when be the next time you be go to see you son ? 10 . selwyn my wife and I ... the divorce have not go through . after that 's do -- voletta you really be sad . voletta calmly take the two hundred dollar from he , fold it up and place it back in he hand . voletta ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) when I come to Brooklyn , selwyn and I get real close real fast . voletta ( cont 'd ) good bye , selwyn . selwyn , ashamed , pick up he jacket and walk out . voletta ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be not till after I be pregnant that he admit to be marry . he be not man enough to accept he responsibility . so I vow to become Christopher 's mother and father . voletta close the door after selwyn . she stand angry as she wipe tear from she eye . int . christopher' bedroom - night through the radio , Mr. Magic make a announcement . mr . magic {through the radio ) time for Mr. Magic to pause for the cause and pay tribute to a true icon . Bob marley be laid to rest today . he die from cancer at the age of thirty - six . we prayer go out to the family , and Bob , this one go out to you . '' no woman no Cry '' begins to play . Christopher look out the window and see selwyn walk down the dark street , back slump over as he turn the corner . that dude might as well be dead . instinctively , Christopher know he ’1ll never see he again . he turn around as voletta gently open he door . 11 . voletta you okay ? christopher yup . you okay ? voletta yup . what be you do ? christopher listen to Bob marley . he die from cancer . voletta I know . christopher he tell good storey too , right ? voletta yes , he sure do . Christopher , processing this -- christopher so how come God let he die ? voletta I do not know . {after a beat --) but at least he life stand for something . they listen to Bob marley for a few moment . voletta ( cont 'd ) time to say you prayer . Christopher kneel down by he bed to pray as voletta turn off the stereo . he get back up and climb into bed . christopher good night , ma. voletta good night , chrissy - pooh . I love you . christopher I know . voletta give he a kiss on the cheek and tuck he in . 12 . int . brooklyn apartment - night voletta turn on the tv , watch coverage of bob marley' funeral . the pall bearer , eight soldier dress in white , place marley 's casket in a pick - up truck . thousands line up along the side of the road to watch the casket go by ... int . frank E. campbell funeral chapel - ( present ) voletta sit in she seat , stare off in space with a blank expression . she turn as she see she four- year - old granddaughter , t’yanna , clutching the hand of she mother , jan . Jan be a attractive , heavy - set woman , twenty - six - year -old . jan ( v.0 . ) ' night before he funeral , Chris say he be fine . ' Said to stop trip ' cause he be still alive . the mess up thing be , that be a dream and this be for real . Jan listen to the musical group , 112 , sing a tribute to christopher . she hold on to she daughter for dear life ... int . christopher' bedroom - day there be poster and cut-out from magazine on the wall . '' beauties of the week '' from jet. run-dmc pose in front of the Empire State Building . a mercede benz ad . herbie hancock . salt -n-pepa from Word up . the stereo play dr . dre 's and ed lover be wake up show . as a song by rappin 's duke end -- ed lover ( through radio ) we get some Hollywood news , dre . dre {through radio ) yeah ? what they do in La La land ? ed lover ( through radio ) believe it or not , NBC be develop a new sitcom center around the Fresh Prince ... 13 . as dre and Ed continue to banter , camera pan to a boy weigh over two hundred and thirty pound , lay in bed , eye close . this be christopher at seventeen-years-old . voletta ( 0.c. ) Christopher ! be you up , yet ? christopher yeah . voletta ( 0.c . ) you be not still lay in bed , be you ? christopher no . - april , 1990 . - int . brooklyn apartment - day Christopher put down he knapsack , sit for breakfast with voletta . voletta say the grace . christopher good food . good meat . good Lord , let 's eat . voletta Christopher ! he laugh as he begin eat . christopher what ? you do not think jehova have a sense of humor ? voletta he must have if he make you . christopher you be a real comedian , ma. voletta who be you yacking on the phone with last night ? christopher Jan. 14 , voletta roll she eye . christopher ( cont 'd ) I understand . it 's normal for a mother to feel jealous when she son care about another female . voletta who tell you that garbage ? after a beat -- christopher Jan . voletta for cry out loud . Christopher laugh . he kiss he mother on the cheek , grab he knapsack and head for the door . jan ( v.0 . ) by the time he be seventeen , he mother become a jehova Witness . ext . brooklyn apartment - roof - day Christopher emerge from the stairwell onto the roof as the blood red sun welcome he . he walk to a corner where there be a pile of garbage bag . it be a makeshift tarp , cover something . Christopher move the bag . jan ( v.0 . ) and while Mrs. wallace be protect she soul , she be worry about Chris 's . there be a foot locker with a combination lock . he run the number and open it . Inside the locker , there be bunch of clothes . izod , fila , adida ... jan ( v.0o . ) ( cont 'd ) but Chris , he have other thing to worry about . Christopher take off he grimy sneaker , stuff he dog into a bright white pair of ballys . a gold chain and gold ring emerge from he pocket . christopher shit! 1s . Christopher have smudged he sneaker . it be a chink in he armor , contradict the bad - ass status he be strive to hold . he spit on he hand , wipe off the smudge . then he reach in he knapsack , pull out a .45 and put it in he jacket pocket . ext . fulton STREET - day put the jamaican patty store , no - name chicken place and arab grocery on the postcard . Christopher stand there on the corner , sport he jewelry as he play dice with eighteen - year -old chico . chico that kid , ralston be look for you . talk mad shit like he 's gonna bust you ass . Christopher take a swig from he can of Welch 's grape soda . christopher ralston ? that pointy - head bastard ? chico he 's hunt you ass down , son . like a gun slinger . christopher later for he . I be fix to bankrupt you ass , chico . Christopher roll the dice . jan ( v.0 . ) one day at school , Chris be fool around in class , and he teacher get mad and tell he he be gonna end up a garbage man . he go home that day and figure out a teacher make twenty - two thousand a year and a garbage collector make twenty - eight . so he go back the next day and tell the teacher to kiss he black , garbage - collect ass . seventeen-year-old hubert run down the street . christopher yo , hubie . where 's the fire , son ? 16 . hubert slow to a walk . hubert if I be late for class , my coach get on my ass . though they be home boy in grade school , they life have take different path . hubert ( cont 'd ) you all right ? christopher yeah . you ? a awkward moment as a crackhead walk up . hubert yeah . we should play ball or something . christopher let 's do that . hubert nod and jog off . jan ( v.0 . ) Chris never have anyone around to show he how to be a man , so he learn how to do the thing a man do , on he own . as far as he be concerned , a man hold it down and make money . the crackhead be a thirty - year - old man name , lennox . he be not homeless or destitute , but well on he way . as Christopher and lennox slap each other five , lennox slip Christopher a twenty dollar bill . Christopher walk to a gated window behind he where a small brown paper bag be lodge next to he .45 . he stick he hand in the bag , pull out a couple vial of crack , discreetly hand it to lennox . lennox cross away as chico make a transaction with one of he customer . he keep he stash lodge behind a loose brick on the wall . sandy , a pregnant woman , rush over . 17 . chico this look like a lamaze class ? I tell you , we do not hook up no pregnant bitch . sandy if you do not want money , I could freak you . any way you want . christopher ohhh shit ! Christopher crack up , almost in tear . chico with all the freak that be out here , why would I want to get with a pregnant , crack -headed one ? Sandy back away and walk off . Christopher joke with he . christopher why you frontin ' ? you know damn well that 's you wife . ext . around the corner - day a fourteen - year~old brother name , cease , see two uniform cop , garcia , twenty - eight - year -old , and wright , thirty - two , pin lennox against a wall . lennox rattles off a few word and they let he go . ext . fulton STREET - day Garcia and wright speed up in there squad car and hop out . christopher batman and Robin . why you always fuckin’ with we ? wright walk up . wright ' Cause you big orea ass be easy to spot . the cop throw chico and Christopher against the wall and pat they down . Christopher 's eye move to the gated window , hope they do not discover he stash and gun . the cop come up empty . 18 . christopher could have tell you we be clean . Garcia stand toe to toe with Christopher . garcia you luck 's gonna run out . sooner or later . the cop turn around and head back to they car as both boy grab they nut in defiance . the cop drive off . cease rush up . christopher yo cease , think I tell you the corner be not no place for you . cease you know that crackhead , lennox ? Christopher nod yes . cease tell they what he witness . jan ( v.0 . ) Chris create a family on the corner . and on the corner , in this family , he be the head of he household . Christopher become irate ... ext . alley ~ day Christopher , chico and cease corner lennox against a wall . Christopher pistol whip he with the .45 . then they kick lennox while he 's on the ground . int . junior' restaurant - day Brooklyn 's super-size coffee shop where New yorker travel from all five borough to get a slice of cheesecake . Jan sit at a table with Christopher . jan oh , a friend of yours tell I to tell you he be look for you . some guy name , ralston . christopher ralston step to you ? what do he say ? 19 . jan he say you have know what be up . Christopher take this in , seethe . Jan look down , play with she food . christopher so what you be so quiet for ? jan just think . christopher think out loud . jan all right . I be think about how we have be see each other now for three month . and how I really do not want to see anyone else . christopher shit . my dumb ass just walk into the '' commitment '' talk . jan pretty much . Jan look at he , not let he off the hook . jan ( cont 'd ) so ? Christopher contemplate . christopher ( talk himself into it ) all right ... all right . fuck it . jan '' all right , fuck it ? '' christopher I be say , I be not try to be out there like that . I be commit to you if you be commit to I . jan I be commit to you . as they gaze into each other 's eye , Christopher bust out a marvin gaye joint . 20 . christopher ( sing ) and when I get this feel , I need sexual heal ... Jan blushes . jan you be sick . int . jan 's apartment - day Christopher sit in a arm chair . Jan be on top of he . they get busy as marvin gaye play in the background ... ext . fulton STREET - day chico man the corner alongside seventeen -year-old damien . chico look who 's back from vacation ? Christopher ignore he . christopher what up , damien ? damien yo , someone 's be look for you , kid . christopher do not say , ralston . damien I will not say it . but he 's get the whole neighborhood think you ass be scared . something have catch Christopher 's attention . damien ( cont 'd ) yo , you hearing I ? christopher look at this motherfuckas . it 's like they be all go toa funeral . damien and chico turn to see a bunch of people emerge from the subway . they be predominantly African -american . 21 . some wear business attire , some blue collar clothing and some second - hand wardrobe , none of they have smile or pleasant expression . Zomby walk into a existence of bleakness . they legacy of pride , hide and tremble in shadow . damien that 's just how people look . if they be walk around grin from ear to ear , you have think they be crazy . then -- chico ah , hell no ! chico suddenly notice Sandy , the pregnant woman stand across the street . she have sell she unborn child to get high . chico ( cont 'd ) you believe this shit ? christopher yo , I get it . Christopher walk across the street . he and Sandy talk . they make a transaction and she walk off . as Christopher walk back to he friend -- chico the fuck do you just do ? christopher gave the rat its 's cheese . chico how you gonna give crack to someone who 's pregnant ? christopher someone 's gonna get she paper . might as well be I . besides , I be not get into this game to be no social worker . damien you foul , Chris . chico yeah . you a foul motherfucka . 22 . christopher we all foul motherfuckas . ( then ) I be gonna go find ralston . ya all come ? Christopher walk off . after a beat , chico and damien follow . ext . fulton record - day ralston , a muscular brother with gold tip on he tooth , joke with friend as Christopher roll up with he boy . ralston ' Bout time you punk ass stop run . christopher now I know you out you damn mind . a SMALL crowd start to form . christopher ( cont 'd ) you have be say you be gonna fuck I up . so let 's go . Christopher and he crew glare at ralston and he crew . kim , a small , attractive teenager wear conservative business attire and a bloomingdale 's name tag , walk up . ralston plug something into a boom box . it be a microphone . a track plays and ralston fire off a rap , brag about be bed - stuy 's reign champ . then he cut down Christopher . he say he be whack , fat , etc . it be a verbal assault and some in the crowd laugh with delight . then christopher take the microphone . there be a light inside of Christopher , often too discard to shine . however , the high beam be on right now . use the emcee moniker , cwest , Christopher begins rapping . verbally , he throw a jab , right -hook and obliterate ralston . to call this a beat down would be a understatement . bed - stuy have just witness the confirmation of the neighborhood 's great rapper , leave Kim and the rest of the crowd in awe . 23 . ext . brooklyn apartment - roof - night Christopher walk onto the roof . he put he ballys back into the locker , put he grimy sneaker back on and collect he knapsack where he put he .45 back in . then he place he jewelry back in he pocket . int . brooklyn apartment - night Christopher walk in . his mother calmly sit at the table , hand clasped . christopher what up , ma duke . Christopher give she a kiss on the cheek . christopher ( cont 'd ) man , it smell good up in here . he look at the stove , and as if he 's Howard cosell -- christopher ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman , right here before you very eye , voletta wallace have do it again . she have make she gold medal curry chicken , she gold medal rice and peas , and she gold medal plantain . and now , right before you very eye , she fat ass son be gonna eat every damn thing in sight . Christopher start to scoop up food for he plate . voletta sit down , Christopher . christopher one minute , ma. voletta sit down ! Christopher , take aback , walk over and sit . christopher what 's wrong with you ? voletta twenty day . 24 , christopher what ? voletta hand he a piece of paper . Christopher begin to read it , know he 's bust . voletta you have not go to school for twenty day . christopher all right , look . I try , ma. voletta what hell do you mean , '' try ? '' christopher I go back for three week straight . and I learn that two point six hundred and sixty - six mile be the minimum distance that Pluto be from Earth . I learn the shang dynasty in China end in ten - forty b.c . and , I learn that do not mean nothing in the real world . voletta in the real world you need a education . christopher so I could end up like everyone else around here ? people with college degree live from paycheck to paycheck ? voletta how the hell do you know how people be live ? christopher I know three people come to my class on career day . some computer technician . a store owner . even a doctor . and all of they look like poor , break - down niggas . voletta watch you mouth ! 25 . christopher Fine . all of they look like broke- down '' individual . '' maybe if we live next door to Donald trump or Bill cosby , it would be different . but I can not see myself sit in no school to end up like they . voletta then you will end up a bum . Boy , do not you have enough sense to see that ? Christopher pull the jewelry out of he pocket . christopher I have enough sense to see bum do not have chain . bum do not have ring . he pull out a wad of cash . christopher ( cont 'd ) and '' boy '' do not have money . voletta look at the wad of money , shake . voletta you want to end up dead or in jail ? be that what you be try to do in that street ? get the hell out ! she push he . voletta ( cont 'd ) you be a disgrace . Christopher be stung by that . voletta ( cont 'd ) I say get out ! ext . brooklyn apartment - night Christopher walk out of the building , carry duffle bag and a suitcase . from above , voletta watch he through the window ... 26 . damien ( v.o. ) the type of kid who come straight home from school , do he homework and spend the rest of the night read the Bible , be never gonna be Chris . int . frank E. campbell funeral chapel - day the service have almost conclude . damien and the rest of the congregation line up to view Christopher 's body one last time . damien approach the casket , let out a deep sigh . damien ( v.0 . ) Chris be not no half - ass hustler . ext . fulton STREET - day Christopher be stand on the corner in the rain . damien ( v.0 . ) he once tell I rain , sleet or snow , a mailman may not show up . but a crackhead will always come . a crackhead approach Christopher . they make a discreet exchange . int . movie theatre ~ night damien , chico and Christopher share popcorn and weed as they watch '' juice '' star tupac shakur . Christopher stare at the screen , entrance . damien ( v.0 . ) but , I could see , something start rattling inside he dome . int . damien 's apartment - night damien sit on the couch , glance at Christopher . Christopher sit on the other end devour a pizza , drink Welch 's grape soda and intently watch a video with death row record star , snoop and dre . 27 . damien ( v.0 . ) he start to seriously wonder if there be something else he could do . int . house party - night a crowded basement in bed-stuy . no air conditioning , just a couple of old fan . damien , chico and Christopher walk in . damien ( v.0 . ) it be like , we would show up at a party and one of the neighborhood kid like jay - 2 would be on the mic . a teenage jay-z rock the mic . damien ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) sometimes it be busta -- a young busta rhyme rock the mic . damien ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and they have have the crowd go bananas . then before we know it , someone would recognize Chris . a outgo teen name , money L , pick up the microphone . money L check it out ya will . m.c. cwest be in the house ! come on cwest . get up here and do some damage ! people in the crowd urge Christopher to take the mic . Christopher concede and head to the microphone , walk past Kim . the d.j. put on a new beat . Christopher begin freestyling . tight shot on the people dance . intense face feel he flow . however , no one 's face be more intense than Kim 's . she look as if she 's waking up for the first time in she life . as Christopher work the crowd into a frenzy . damien ( v.0 . ) Chris be like a cat dating two chick . one chick be hip hop . the other chick be drug deal . 28 . christopher ( to the crowd ) say , make money , money . make mo 's one 's money ... ext . port authority bus terminal - day a Greyhound Bus . the destination sign read , '' Raleigh , n.c . '' several passengers board the bus include Christopher and a tough look guy name , ROBERT . crowd ( v.0 . ) m moni joney . make mo : money , money ... int . raleigh motel room - day damien ( v.0o . ) the thing be , hip hop be he chick on the side . selling drug be he wife . he and this cat name Rob , find out crackhead in Raleigh be shelling out twice as much cash for rock than they be in n.y . so they go to see for themselves . Christopher and Robert , use razor blade , slice crystallize rock and put it in vial . Christopher look up , glance at the tv . '' let 's do it again '' star cosby and poitier be on . he hear they mention a gangster 's name , '' biggie small . '' camera push in as Christopher pause , take this in . ext . raleigh downtown STREET - day christopher ( v.0o . ) make money , money . make money , money , money . Christopher be on the corner make hand - to-hand transaction with crackhead who be White , Black , and Brown . Robert be on the opposite corner . crowd ( v.o. ) joney , mon lake_mone 's money , money . 29 . damien ( v.0o . ) the money they be make in Raleigh be no joke . but sometimes when shit be too good to be true ... a black guy walk up , slip money in Christopher 's hand . Christopher slip he a vial . then , the Black guy show Christopher he police badge . damien ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) shit be too good to be true , Robert hurry away as he see Christopher be bust . int . penitentiary - day Christopher , in prison attire , talk on a pay phone as other inmate wait they turn in line . damien ( v.0o . ) he talk to he mom every day from the pen . int . brooklyn apartment - day voletta be on the phone , reading from the Bible . voletta yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil ... int . prison cell - night Christopher lay on he cot , stare at the ceiling . damien ( v.0 . ) then all of a sudden , hip hop get sick and tired of be he chick on the side . int . 50 gran 's basement - night 50 gran , a brother in he twenty , stand behind a pair of turntable . cease , chico , damien and Christopher mellow out drink forty and smoking weed . in the background , Mary J. 's '' Real Love '' video play on the mute tv. 30 . damien ( v.0o . ) in nine month he be out and I bring he to the basement of a d.j. I know name , 50 gran . Christopher get up and grab the mic . 50 gran that mic be not no toy . christopher good , ' cause I be not play . - JANUARY , 1992 . - 50 gran smirk and play a song call , '' blind alley . '' Christopher start rhyming . after a few verse -- 50 gran hold up . Christopher look at he . be something wrong ? 50 gran ( cont 'd ) shit . if you be gonna put it down like that , I gotta record this motherfucka . damien smile . he know Christopher would make a believer out of he . 50 gran slide a cassette into the tape deck and press record . Christopher start rhyming again . damien ( v.0 . ) the tape he make with 50 gran get to another d.j. name , mister cee . a flash of the cassette be slapped into mister cee 's hand goe across screen . int . mister cee 's home studio - day mister cee , a cool - look brother with high tech equipment , pop another tape in a tape deck . damien ( v.0o . ) mister cee want to re- do the tape with better equipment . Christopher rhyme as mister cee plays the music . 31 . int . source magazine - day damien ( v.0o . ) then he send it to matty C at the source . a flash of the cassette be slapped into matty c's hand goe across screen . a young White guy , matty C , listen to the cassette . he bob he head , digging the tape . damien ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and matty C get it to someone who would change Chris 's life . a flash of the cassette be slapped into someone else 's hand goe across screen . int . uptown record - puffy 's office - day puffy sit in he chair with he back to camera . as camera come around , we see puffy listen to the cassette , bob he head . he pick up the remote control and turn up the volume . ext . uptown record - day Christopher and mister cee bop into the building . int . uptown record conference room - day Christopher and mister cee stand greeting puffy and andre harrell , the well - dress owner of uptown record . mister cee puff ... dre ... this be biggie small . from here on , we call christopher , biggie . biggie 's big hand devour puffy 's . puffy be take aback by biggie 's appearance . biggie wear a bandana , camouflage pants and look more like a liquor store robber than a entertainer . puffy good to meet you . 32 . biggie what up , yo . then he hand swallow up Andre 's . andre how you do ? biggie it 's all good . puffy ya all have a seat . they all sit down . puffy ( cont 'd ) how long you be rhyme ? biggie since I be a little shorty . andre so you must have a whole book of rhyme . biggie Nah . I mean , I use to write everything down . but herbie hancock say , sometimes you gotta go beyond think . so , that 's what I try to do . I do not think . a nigga just flow . andre you feel like flow off the dome for we ? biggie right now ? andre yeah . right now . biggie alright . prove that this be off the top of he head , biggie rap about have a flow that can last forever . he kick it about be at uptown . then in he rhyme he say , when he shook Andre 's hand , he remember the only fuck thing he father ever teach he . '' look a man in the eye when you shake he hand . '' 33 . puffy and Andre be blow away ... int . sylvia' soul food restaurant - night the legendary soul food tourist trap in the heart of harlem . biggie , mister cee , puffy and uptown intern MARK pitt , sit at a corner table . puffy look at biggie , take in the whole thug package . puffy you still hustling ? biggie should I tell you what you want to hear ? puffy I think you just answer I . biggie look , if you get real paper come my way , I be out the game . puffy how old be you ? biggie nineteen . puffy by the time you be twenty - one , I ' 11 make you a millionaire . biggie look over at mister cee -- '' be this guy for real ? '' mister cee yo puff , Big do not need nobody gassing he up . puffy I would not waste he time or mine . the strength and cockiness in he voice silence they . puffy ( cont 'd ) uptown 's pay the bill but bad Boy be my shit . I wanna make it like a East Coast death row . you feel I ? but we can not build a label on a artist who 's lock up or dead . can we , Mark ? 34 . MARK can not do it . biggie take this in . puffy we can change the fuck game , biggie . Change the fuck world . but the decision be yours . either you wanna be on the corner or you wanna be in the studio . ext . fulton STREET - day biggie go back to the corner , approach cease , damien and chico . he look at they . they look at he . biggie they want to sign I . cheer erupt as biggie 's best friend give he love . int . recording studio - night Mary J. blige , Mark pitt , puffy , producer d-dot and a entourage of other sit listen to the playback . biggie sit off to the side , focus and bob he head . this be the '' Real Love remix . '' puffy ( to Mary J. ) whatchu think ? mary it 's hot . puffy turn to biggie . puffy yo , Big . you ready ? biggie nod . puffy ( cont 'd ) remember . I need some happy shit . biggie stand up and take the booth as if he be meeting he destiny . everyone watch biggie , wonder if he 's go to step up or choke . Mary J. eye he ... puffy eye he ... the engineer eye he . 35 . biggie , fumble to get the headset over he big head , break the thing . biggie oh shit . people in the studio fall out laugh . the engineer produce another headset and put it on for biggie . as the laughter continue -- puffy alright , ya will . chill the fuck out . the laughter subside . puffy turn to the engineer -- puffy ( cont 'd ) playback . the playback kick in and biggie kick he verse . biggie '' look up_in the sky , it 's a bird , it 's a plane . nope , it 's Mary J. , be not _a damn thing change . kickin 's ill flava , with the teflon Don . record shop , get prop . she get it goin 's on ... '' biggie finish he verse and come out of the booth . no one say a word to he . then -- puffy lady and gentleman , this clumsy motherfucka just get he cherry pop . Mary J. give he a hug and the rest of the applause come chime in . ext . brooklyn apartment - early morning Mark pull up in he car with biggie sleep in the passenger seat . he look over at biggie who be snoring with drool coming out of he mouth . Mark crack the hell up . MARK yo . yo , sleep beauty . biggie wake up . 36 . MARK ( cont 'd ) we be here . biggie oh. good look out . MARK do not mention it . biggie start to exit , then stop . biggie so this shit be really about to happen , huh ? MARK you gonna be the biggest thing to hit the hood since the jherri curl . biggie what about my deal ? MARK the lawyer be work it out . do not worry , you ashy ass be on its way . biggie laugh and head into he building . damien ( v.0 . ) soon as Chris start to get he shit together , he move back in with he mom . this time around , he mind be set on make she proud . int . brooklyn apartment - early morning biggie enter , head straight for the fridge . he pull out sandwich food . voletta walk out from she room . biggie think you have still be in bed . voletta I could not sleep . how have it go ? biggie I just laid down a track for Mary J. blige and she could not stop hugging I . 37 . voletta I be happy for you . biggie notice she cool demeanor . biggie look , ma , I know I have be a big disappointment to you , but this music thing , it can help I be a positive person . 0h , and guess what my new name be gonna he ? voletta Christopher wallace ? biggie Real funny . see there 's some corny kid in cali who call himself biggie small . he have the name first . so biggie small be gonna be like a nickname I use . my new name be gonna be the notorious b.i.g. guess what b.i.g. stand for ? . voletta look , Christopher ... biggie Business instead of game . voletta I go to the doctor today . voletta fight to maintain she composure . voletta ( cont 'd ) they run a bunch of test last week and need to give I the result . biggie hear the alarm in she voice . biggie test for what ? voletta a lump in my chest . I have cancer . biggie what ? voletta I have breast cancer . 38 . biggie but , you be gonna be okay , right ? voletta they have to act aggressively if I be go to have a chance . biggie if you be go to have a chance ? voletta my surgery be next week and -- biggie slam over a chair . turn away , piss . biggie fuck ... fuck ! voletta Chris ... Chris , I be scared , too . but God will see we through . biggie God do not always do what he 's suppose to do . voletta come here . biggie can not move . voletta walk to he , gently turn he around . voletta ( cont 'd ) come here . biggie completely lose it . he break down in she arm . ext . brooklyn apartment roof - night Mark and biggie lean against a wall , share a forty , not uttering a word . then -- MARK I be only fifteen when my mom get cancer . Fucking stay on my knee praying for she . after she die , I be do with God . ai not pray since . but ... I be praying . I be praying for you mom . okay , Big ? biggie look at Mark . then nod . 39 . biggie okay . they go back to share the forty . int . operating room - day voletta lay asleep as doctor and nurse perform surgery ... int . frank E. campbell funeral chapel - day Mark watch as damien and other pallbearer carefully wheel the casket towards the exit . tear threaten to fall from he face . he try to remain strong . MARK ( v.0 . ) I go to see he mom in the hospital . she make I promise to look after he in case she do not make it . the front door of the chapel open and the pallbearer lift the casket . int . voletta 's hospital room - day MARK ( v.o. ) I tell she she would live but that I would look after she son anyway . Flowers and card adorn she window sill . biggie sit by voletta 's side , look at all the i.v. ' 's hook up to she . she open she eye . voletta hi , chrissy -pooh . biggie smile . biggie you know I hate that name . voletta oh. I forget . you be all grow up now . biggie the doctor say you be go to be all right . see , all that drama for nothing . 40 . voletta remind I to punch you . biggie laugh . then he gently give she a hug . MARK ( v.0 . ) Mrs. wallace be right . God do see she through . int . recording studio - night biggie be in the booth as puffy , Mark , Wayne and the uptown entourage listen . MARK ( v.0 . ) now puffy want to see if God be with he . biggie '' i_ love it when you call 'mee Big poppa , the show stoppa , the rhyme droppa . __ superc : ass the glock , I see you shiver , check the flava biggie small be deliver ... '' MARK ( v.o . ) the East Coast give birth to hip hop . but before we know it , it be the West Coast sell all the hip hop record . image of west coast rappers flash across the screen . nwa . hammer . dr . dre . snoop dogg . tupac . MARK ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) puffy set out to put the East Coast back on the map and make bad Boy record a household name . biggie small would be he messenger . biggie step out of the booth as puffy nod he approval . they listen to the playback . ext . fulton STREET - day biggie play dice with damien and chico as cease look on . biggie see Kim walk by and the two of they make eye contact . with smirk on they face , damien , chico and cease stare at biggie . biggie put on a innocent face as if to say , '' what ? '' 41 . ext . basketball court - day biggie and Kim kick it against a fence as a group of jamaican brother play soccer on the basketball court . kim you boy be get suspicious . biggie that 's ' cause you fine ass keep pop up everywhere . I be not sweat it , though . they never have a platonic relationship with a female . kim have you ? biggie no. Kim laugh . kim look like you miss be on the corner . biggie can not stop be with my people just ' cause I be make record and shit . kim so it 's all come together ? biggie ( nod ) I be on a mission . after my first album drop , I wanna set up a group and put down cease , chico and cat from the neighborhood . gonna call they junior m.a.f.i.a . kim I get skill , too . biggie what be you talk about ? kim I can rhyme . 42 . biggie laugh . biggie that 's a good one . kim whatever . annoy , Kim turn away . biggie alright , so let I hear . kim why ? so you could laugh ? biggie I be not gonna laugh . at least not to you face . Kim take a deep breath then kick a verse . her voice have a nice quality . biggie be somewhat impressed . biggie ( cont 'd ) that 's tight . kim but ? biggie but you gotta put more bed - stuy in you voice . shit out here be life or death for motherfuckas . you need to convey that . Kim , accept he challenge , kick the verse with more '' bed - stuy '' in she voice . she await the verdict . then -- biggie ( cont 'd ) all that sexiness and talent , too ? damn . Kim blushes . ext . bed -stuy STREET - night the '' Real Love remix '' bump from a car stereo as biggie and damien walk down the ave share a blunt . 43 . biggie that shit be humiliate . my shit be play on the radio and I be break as hell . I need to get back on the corner for a minute . damien do not puffy and they say they would drop you if you keep hustling ? biggie they also say my deal would be do and I have be make real loot . suddenly , whoop . whoop . a police car converge . oh , shit . pure instinct take over . biggie and damien bolt and turn the corner ... ext . brooklyn STREET - night as they round the corner , damien pull a ounce of weed out of he jacket , throw the bag and blunt into the gutter . biggie yank he .45 out of he waist , dump it into a mailbox . then damien and biggie split up , run in opposite direction . the squad car briefly pause , then pursue biggie . biggie , run out of steam , turn the corner and stop dead in he track . cop stand there with they weapon draw . int . interrogation room - night damien and biggie be both seat at a table , hand cuffed behind they back . biggie 's old nemesis , Garcia , stand there enjoy this . biggie the fuck you look at , Officer asshole ? garcia I make detective now . thanks to you dumb motherfucker , I may get another promotion . Garcia pull out biggie 's .45 . it be in a Ziploc bag . he place it on the table in front of they . 44 , garcia ( cont 'd ) ai not like when I be a kid . no Sir . if you have a switchblade or brass knuckle , you be a bad dude . people know to leave you alone . now , we get thirteen - year - old just wait to cancel the big nigger on the corner so they could start run shit themselves . I mean , what the fuck be the world come to when a drug dealer can not even walk the street at night ? tell I Chris , what do you put on first ? you sock , you jacket , or you piece ? biggie I be not never see that gun before . garcia really ? so then it must be yours , damien . damien Nah . Garcia chuckle . garcia okay , you dumbfuck . let I tell you how this be go to work . one of you be go down for carry a illegal , unregister firearm . which one , I do not give a shit . but no way both of you motherfucker be walk out of here . ( look at he watch ) I will give you one minute . Garcia exit . biggie he 's just try to make we sweat . damien if we play hardball with he , he ' 1ll dust it for print . biggie we will cross that bridge when we get there . 45 . damien by then it will be too late . look , you get prior . you be look at five , easy . if I plead guilty , they 's 1l give I two and a day . biggie shake he head . biggie my gun . my bid . damien listen to I . what you get go on , do not come around every fuck day . when a motherfucka like you make it , we all make it . you feel I ? you be not go back out on the corner , Big . not when you get a chance to do something . and not with I take this bid for you . biggie be at a loss for word . Garcia come back in . garcia so ? damien sock . garcia what ? damien I put my sock on first . Garcia smirk , take a key and uncuff biggie . garcia I be sure it 's just a matter of time before I see you again , Chris . biggie look back at damien then exit . int . howard university theatre - night a banner read , '' Howard University homecome . '' a thousand hip hop head stand at they seat , dance as a rap group be on stage . 46 . int . dressing room - night Mark sit with biggie as biggie smoke weed to calm down . MARK ( v.o . ) biggie would never admit to it , but for the first time , before go out on stage , I see fear in he eye . he feel like he owed it to damien not to fuck up . he owed it to he mom not to fuck up . int . backstage - night a rap group be on stage as biggie nervously peer out at the audience . MARK ( v.0 . ) I tell he , he just owed it to himself . puffy walk up behind he . puffy damn . that 's a lot of motherfuckas out there . you be not feel weak in the knee be you ? biggie me? Hell no . puffy good . puffy cross away . then weak in the knee , biggie turn back to the audience ... int . backstage - minute later the emcee hold a backstage microphone . emcee and now , come to you from bedford - stuyvesant , bad Boy recording artist , biggie small ! less than half the audience clap . who the fuck be biggie ? biggie glance over at Mark , puffy and Kim . they give nod of encouragement . biggie hear the musical cue for '' Party and bullshit . '' he head out on stage . 47 . int . the stage - continuous from biggie 's Pov , the crowd look even bigger from the stage . biggie begins rhyming with all the bed-stuy attitude he can muster . he rock timb 's , jeans and a loose-fitting shirt . basically , he 's dress the same way he dress on the corner . cease and money L ( the guy from the local bed - stuy party ) , walk out with he . they be he hype- man , chanting along as if they be he chorus . the crowd be lukewarm . they be feel biggie out . he 's go to have to earn this . int . backstage ~ night puffy , Mark and Kim watch , hope biggie can win this crowd over . puffy c'mon . go get it , Big man . then tupac appear backstage and puffy greet he . int . the stage - continuous suddenly , a group of guy spill onto the stage as a fight break out . biggie turn , look alarmed and unsure . the crowd tense up and some start move to the exit . biggie chill ... chill ... ( in a rodney King voice ) can not we all just get along ? the guy who be fighting start dancing , and the audience realize this be all part of the show . the entire audience laugh . biggie now have they eat out of the palm of he hand . int . backstage - continuous tupac crack the hell up , impressed with the gag . int . the stage - continuous biggie be in the zone , in the moment . he could stay here forever . 48 . int . HOTEL suite - night a after-party . puffy and Mark be mack on women . groupies and hanger -on vie for attention . tupac sit off to the side , share weed with biggie . tupac on my life , you shit be gangsta , partner . biggie man , I be just try to be like you , Duke . a hot lady walk by , eyeing tupac . tupac I be tell you , yo . where you at right now be the best time . when you just come up , slayin’ cat . ' Cause once you on top , trust I . that 's when all the bullshit start . make sure you ass have a five - year-plan . biggie I may not be alive in five year . tupac well in case you be , have a plan in place . be clear on where you want to be . ' Cause in this game , motherfuckas wanna see you rise to the top just so they can knock you back down . then you get fake - ass bitch , fake - ass family , fake - ass friend , all try to get a piece of you . biggie if it 's all bad , why fuck do it ? tupac why do a tv reporter stand in a war zone with bomb go off and shit ? we hold a mirror up to society . do not ask I why we do it . I just know that 's what the fuck we do . then tupac glance at the hot Lady . 49 , tupac ( cont 'd ) besides . how else can a nigga shine ? tupac get up and whisper to the Lady . they head to the back room together . biggie sit back check out the whole crazy scene . woman glance at he flirtatiously and guy look at he with envy . he pick up the telephone on the end table and dial . intercut with : int . jan' bedroom - night Jan pick up the phone . jan hello ? biggie it 's I . jan how would it go ? biggie incredible . jan really ? biggie crowd be go bananas . even tupac give I love . jan oh my God . he see Kim across the room and she see he . biggie so I just want to holla at you . gotta go , alright ? jan alright . I love -- but biggie have already hang up . 50 . int . HOTEL room - nigat the light be off , streetlight from outside illuminate the floor where biggie and Kim go at it . no music in the background . they lovemake feel urgent ... like life or death ... like bed-stuy ... biggie ( v.0 . ) '' where Brooklyn at ? where Brooklyn at ? where Brooklyn at ? where Brooklyn at ? '' int . madison square garden - night the marquee read , '' tupac live . '' hip hop head lose they mind . this be where Ali once fight frazier . now the audience be witness two of hip hop 's great of all time . biggie and tupac stand side by side , free - styling in front of thousand . they share the stage with big daddy kane , scoob , and shyheim . biggie '' biggie small ; the millionaire , the mansion , the yacht , the two weed spot , the two hot glock . that 's how i_got the weed spot ... '' after biggie devastate the audience , it 's tupac 's turn . tupac '' let the cop put they light on . chase I nigga , Zig zaggin’ through the freeway . Race I nigga . in a high speed chase with the law , the realest motherfucka that _you_ever see ... '' the crowd erupt in applause and cheer . biggie and tupac , feel on top of the world , give each other a pound . ext . madison square garden - night fan crowd around tupac and biggie , get they autograph . adoring woman overtly flirt with both of they . biggie small be become a sex symbol . $ 1. int . jan 's apartment - day biggie sit on the couch with a nervous Jan . jan I be pregnant . biggie how you know ? jan I know , Chris . I go to the doctor and everything . biggie stand up , stunne as he be take this in . jan ( cont 'd ) so , if that fuck up you world , I be sorry . : biggie Jan , if you be have my baby , do not you know what the hell that mean ? ( then ) it mean you be my world . Jan go to he and they hug tightly . ext . brooklyn apartment - day Mark and puffy talk with biggie . MARK ( v.o. ) while Big be tell we the news about he shorty on the way , we be tell he we news about uptown . puffy I get fire . a flash of uptown record . puffy be be escorted to the elevator by security personnel . andre watch from he office . MARK dre tell he there could be only one lion in the jungle . 52 . biggie what about my deal at uptown ? puffy there be no deal . biggie fuck ! biggie take in the hard blow , sit down . puffy look , I get some thing line up . I be take the bad Boy name and we be gonna set this shit off right . I just wanna know if you be still with I . biggie yeah . yeah . that go without say . biggie and puffy shake on it . int . brooklyn apartment - day voletta walk in surprised to see biggie at the stove , cooking . voletta what be you do ? biggie make curry chicken . voletta I see that . but why ? biggie we be celebrate . voletta Boy , you try to get we sick . that 's too much curry . here -- voletta move in and start take over . voletta ( cont 'd ) so , what be we celebrate . something with uptown ? 53 . biggie Nah . puffy get fire . voletta what ? biggie but he 's get some other thing go . we be celebrate something else , grandma . voletta stop in she track . voletta Excuse I ? biggie I be gonna be a dad . voletta you can not be that stupid . biggie damn ma . you be not gotta talk to I like that . Jan 's pregnant and we be ready to do this . voletta do what ? bring a baby into this world that you can not take care of ? be that fair to a baby ? biggie I can take care of a baby . voletta Babies need food , diaper , how be you go to afford all that ? biggie puffy be gonna look out . voletta puffy do not have a job . which mean , you do not have a job . biggie look , I be not look to start no argument . I just think ... voletta I would be happy ? 54 . biggie yes . voletta do not burn you food . voletta angrily cross away , leave biggie to mull it all over . '' unbelievable '' by biggie small kick in . '' live from bedford - stuyvesant , the livest one , representin’ b- k to the fullest , gat I pull it , bastard duckin’ when Big be buckin ' 's ... '' int . jan' apartment - day it be amess . dish pile up . dirty laundry . Jan , with morning sickness , be at the toilet throw up . biggie be in the bathroom doorway , not the allure he be hope for . int . scarsdale house - night the small house have be transformed into a full - fledge office by puffy , Mark , harve pierre , nashiem myrick , D - dot and other bad boy regular . puffy sit at the head of the table , conduct a meeting . he write something on a legal pad and show it to he team . it read , '' life be not a game . '' int . baby furniture store - day Jan and biggie be shopping for a crib . biggie look at a expensive price tag , feel the enormous pressure ... int . scarsdale house - day the " life be not a game '' mantra be tack to a bulletin board . as everyone else man the phone , puffy hang another mantra , '' only the fittest and most aggressive will survive . '' ext . manhattan STREET ( broadway ) - day puffy , harve and Mark pass out flyer with the bad Boy logo . plaster it on wall , sidewalk , everywhere . 55 . ext . fulton STREET - day biggie be kick it with chico . chico make hand - to-hand transaction . biggie , eyeing the easy money be tempt and impatient ... int . executive 's office - day puffy , as if fight for he life , pitch bad Boy to a intrigue clive davis . int . scarsdale house - day music dip down as puffy stand next to Mark who be on the phone . MARK I tell you to hang the fuck in there . we have be work day , night and everything in between to get shit go . intercut with : ext . fulton STREET - day biggie talk on a pay phone with Mark . biggie can not keep hang , yo . I gota shorty on the way and I need money like yesterday . MARK we have you money . here , talk to puff . puffy take the phone . puffy clive Davis just sign bad Boy to arista . now I want you to say this , '' whatever money problem I be have , they be over . '' biggie puff , do not fuck with I . 56 . puffy say it . biggie '' whatever money problem I be have , they be over . '' elate , puffy scream into the phone . puffy bad Boy , motherfucka ! biggie laugh . music back up . int . andre harrell 's office - day disgruntle , Andre harrell read the billboard article announce bad boy' multimillion dollar deal . int . hospital - day Jan be on the table , scream as she push out a little baby girl . int . puffy 's new office - day biggie be with puffy , Mark , D - dot and other bad boy employees . they happily toast with champagne and biggie receive he check . int . jan' apartment - day biggie and Jan trail voletta as she walk to the baby 's room . voletta be still angry at biggie and Jan for be so irresponsible . then as she get to the crib , she heart melt . t’yanna , a beautiful brown baby , look up at she . voletta be so move , she begins to cry . int . recording studio - day biggie on the mic rapping '' unbelievable . '' it 's real now . his dream be in sight , he money be right and he 's go for it ... end music sequence . 57 . int . nightclub - night iggi for weed tupac and biggie hang out . they have smoke a lot of and they be work on they third drink . they be talking directly to a video camera . tupac we just here celebrate biggie small 's signing a deal with bad Boy record , know what I be say ? we be both under the same Zodiac . this be my Gemini twin . biggie Truth that . true that . tupac now I be high as a motherfucka but we gonna do a little freestyle . tupac kick a few a cappella verse and then it 's like Magic Johnson pass the ball to Jordan as biggie spit lyric . they laugh , admire and appreciate they own artistry . int . limousine - day the limo roll through the street of Manhattan . biggie and tupac ride in the back . biggie Big up , dawg . on everything you nve do for I . know what I be say ? school my ass to the game , let I share the stage with you so the whole world could see I be the best rap artist in the game . tupac next to I , motherfucka . biggie laugh . biggie keep dream . but I be say , thanks . tupac c'mon family . you know I get you back . but yo , do not sleep on the five year plan . 58 . then tupac notice two sexy women exite a store . tupac ( cont 'd ) oh shit . pull over ! the chauffeur pull the limo over . tupac stick he head out the sun roof . tupac ( cont 'd ) yo , oye mami , what 's up ? where you fine - as-fuck bitch go ? the woman come over to the limo . tupac and biggie step out ... MARK ( v.0 . ) cc. delore tucker , a female activist , be not feel how rap artist portray woman in they music . a flash of c. delore tucker admonishing tupac goe across frame . the woman get in the limo with tupac and biggie . MARK ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) crazy thing be , tupac would call a woman a bitch and they would act like he call they a queen . int . HOTEL suite - night biggie be stand on the patio terrace have sex with one of the woman . tupac be in a room have sex with the other . int . photo studio - day puffy proudly watch as a photographer snap photo of he artist -- rapper craig mack , singer Mary J. blige , faith Evans and of course , the notorious b.i.g . biggie be suppose to be look at the camera . however , he keep glance in the wrong direction . in the direction of faith . int . photo studio - later biggie , hawk faith , watch as she show someone picture . biggie grab two bottle of water and walk over to she . 59 . biggie puffy say we all family at bad Boy . so I figure , this be the least I could do . faith oh . um , thank you . biggie I just want to know why I be the only one in here you do not show that picture to . faith laugh . faith I be sorry . maybe I have be show off a bit . they be of my daughter . biggie what 's she name ? faith chyna . she just turn one . biggie look at the photo . biggie she 's beautiful . faith thank you . biggie like she mom' . now I know why God make man first . faith I be scared to ask but , why ? biggie he have to do a rough draft before complete the final version . faith crack up . faith wow . do that line actually work ? biggie you tell I . 60 . ext . brooklyn promenade - night light from the Manhattan skyline reflect on the water . biggie and faith stand by the railing , check out the view . faith I sing in the choir . since I be little , everybody tell I I have have a career sing . but , you know , I be always hope to make my career do the human beat box . biggie I know you be not try to say you could beat box . faith laugh . paith any request ? biggie give I some old school flavor . faith launch into a '' fat boy '' style human beat box . biggie can not believe it . she actually have skill . he crack up , then go into a old school rhyme . biggie ( cont 'd ) ye es a'll . to the beat ya will . it 's like on and on and on and on . it 's like hot butter on , the on , the popcorn ... they crack each other up . int . jan 's apartment - day Jan iron some of t’yanna 's clothes as she talk with biggie . jan you think we could go shopping this weekend ? t’yanna need some more dress outfit . biggie I will give you the money . jan it ''s more fun if we go together . 61 . biggie that 's what I want to talk about . jan Shopping ? biggie no . Jan , we need to take a break . jan from what ? biggie each other . Jan stop what she be do . she do not see this come . biggie ( cont 'd ) thing be move so fast , I be just try to not let this business run I over . know what I be say ? I need to focus right now . jan focus ? biggie on my career . jan that be such bullshit , Chris ! I be with you before you even become biggie small . biggie I be not say you be not . jan you need someone in you life who 's not fake . I be not fake , Chris . biggie I be not try to hurt you . jan fuck you . ( then ) I think we be gonna actually be the one family around here that be not gonna split up . no visitation bullshit . no step mom or step dad down the line . I be so stupid , it 's funny . ( more ) 62 . jan ( cont 'd ) almost as funny as you tell I I be you world . biggie at the time , you be . the truth of that statement give Jan pause . she decide right then and there , she will not fight to keep he . jan what about t’yanna ? biggie I have never abandon my daughter . Jan take this in , nod . jan you can go now . biggie kiss six -month - old t’yanna who 's asleep in she crib and walk out . int . MARK ’'s car - day Mark drive through bed-stuy . MARK ( v.0 . ) I could see that work with Big be go to be a full - time job . so I team up with my cousin , Wayne , and we become he manager . Mark glance over at the passenger seat where wayne barrow , late twenty , be read '' this Business of Music . '' MARK ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) Wayne be a former naval officer with a good business mind . but he might not have know what he be get himself into . ext . brooklyn apartment - day biggie stand on the stoop talk with Mark and Wayne . biggie I and faith tie the knot . 63. wayne hold up . be you say , you meet she a month ago and now you be marry ? biggie that 's what I be say . wayne in the navy we would have say you fuck mind go adrift . do not you know , the wrong relationship can capsize you entire life ? MARK Point be , you do not even know the girl . just then , faith pull up in she ride . biggie smile , open she door . biggie hi. faith hi . they kiss for a long time . Mark and Wayne roll they eye . biggie Mark and popeye the sailor over here think I do not know anything about you . faith take this in stride . faith hi , Mark . hi , Wayne . MARK hey , faith . wayne hi. biggie C ’mon few , let 's show they how I know we be a perfect match . wayne '' few ? '' 64 . biggie faith Evans wallace . wayne ( sarcastic --) of course . faith Big , I do not want to do it , it 's silly . biggie c'mon . just a little . faith lick she lip then do she beat BOX . biggie ( cont 'd ) yo , can you believe she know how to do this ? then to faith -- biggie ( cont 'd ) alright . let 's hit he with the footwork . biggie and faith begin do the robot . Mark and Wayne look at both of they like they be out of they damn mind . then , they finish they routine with a dramatic pose . biggie ( cont 'd ) now you understand ? after a beat -- wayne in some crazy ass way , I think I do . that 's good enough for Mark . he and Wayne get into they car and drive off . int . brooklyn apartment - night voletta , faith and biggie sit at the table finish a hearty jamaican meal . as faith laugh -- faith wait . '' chrissy - pooh ? '' biggie ma , why you gotta tell she that ? 65 . voletta there be a time you use to like that name . biggie I never like that name . voletta ( then , to faith ) his favorite book be '' winnie the pooh . '' and the boy in the story be Christopher Robin . so ... faith I love it . voletta come . let I show you some picture . faith and voletta move from the table and go through the photo album . biggie I think you want to go out . faith in a minute . faith start look through some old photo . biggie hey , ma . do not show she the one -- too late . faith crack the hell up . int . recording studio - day biggie be on the couch , bob he head while faith be in the booth , sing she ass off to the '' one more chance '' track . they eye each other through the glass . she be sing to he . he feel every word ... minute later -- the room be clear . biggie push faith against the wall and they make love . 66 . ext . frank E. campbell funeral chapel - present mourner stand around , hugging each other in disarray as pallbearer carry the casket to the hearse . faith look around , witness the scene and it all feel surreal . faith ( v.o . ) one day I meet biggie , next thing I know , we be play house . that 's what we marriage feel like most of the time . like play house . and one of the rule of the game be that we could not spend quality time with each other . she look over at she two child , chyna , age five and c.j. , three - month -old , as they be be tend to by a relative . faith walk over , bend down and hug she child as she tear begin to flow . faith ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) puffy have we on the road , in the studio , on set shoot video ... puffy come over , give faith a hug . faith ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we be everywhere except with each other . the casket be sly onto the back of the hearse and the door of the hearse slam shut . int . brooklyn apartment - biggie 's room - day faith ( v.o. ) for the first week of we Marriage , Big live at home with he mother . biggie play a sega Genesis video game . faith ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) he tell I he be worried about he mom be without he . the doorbell ring . biggie look out he bedroom door , see voletta open the front door for faith . faith and voletta hug . 67 . faith ( v.0o . ) ( cont 'd ) but I think he be worried about be without he mom . faith go into biggie 's bedroom and kiss he . then she sit on the bed and play the video game with he . faith ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it be like we be high school teenager dating each other . int . faith and biggie 's condo - day a spacious condo . move box everywhere . faith and she daughter , chyna , unpack . faith ( v.0 . ) eventually , we buy a condo in Brooklyn . chyna and I do all the unpack while Big be on tour . int . concert hall - night cease and money L hype up the audience as biggie rap . the crowd be dance along as if every syllable be gold . faith ( v.0o . ) when there be time off , we get to see each other . int . junior 's restaurant - day biggie sit with faith and chyna . faith ( v.0 . ) Problem be , member of the group he be create be always around . camera reveal , seat at they table be chico , cease and money L. paith ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) biggie say they be the neighborhood guy who be always there for he when he be come up . 68 . int . junior 's restaurant - day faith ( v.0 . ) but that list of neighborhood guy keep get bigger and bigger . biggie and family be seat at a table with five junior m.a.f.i.a. member . then seven . then EIGHT . faith ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and there be the girl in the group who always seem to have a stink - ass attitude . from the opposite end of the table , Kim look at faith , glaring . int . faith and biggie 's condo - evening the box be all unpack and it feel like a real house . faith ( v.0 . ) Big never get a driver 's license . he like have someone there to drive he . a flash of cease drive biggie and friend in a suv goe across frame . faith ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he be the type of guy that need a lot of people around . ( then ) I do not . faith and chyna sit with each other , eat dinner . the doorbell ring . faith look through the peephole , surprised . she open the door to find Jan and one - and -a-half - year - old t’yanna there . faith ( cont 'd ) yes ? jan ( v.0 . ) be Chris home ? faith no . jan you know when he 'il be back ? 69 . faith no . jan can you give he a message for I ? faith I be listen . jan tell he he need to visit he daughter . ( then ) c'mon t’yanna . Jan walk off . int . concert hall - day biggie be on stage , rapping with Kim and the junior m.a.f.i.a . as hardcore as Kim be on stage , the love she have for biggie be in she eye . debbie , a overly enthuse fan , scream from the audience . debbie oh my God ! I love you ! I love you , biggie small ! Kim look at Debbie , annoyed . int . biggie and faith 's condo / biggie' HOTEL room - night faith be on the phone with biggie . biggie we kill they . faith for real ? biggie I have female cry for I like I be Michael Jackson and shit . faith well , tell they hoe to beat it . biggie that 's cold . 70 . faith anyway , I be proud of you , baby . biggie thanks few . faith Big , maybe you should visit you daughter . biggie what ? where 's that come from ? faith Jan come by with she . biggie be she rude ? faith not rude enough to hurt my feeling . biggie I will go see she soon . oh , listen . Mark meet some chick and I be go to let they use my suite tonight . so do not bother call over here , alright ? faith you be let Mark use you room ? biggie yeah , I mean , it be not that big of a deal . faith sound stupid . that 's all . biggie that 's ' cause it be stupid . but I already tell he ass yes . reluctantly -- faith alright . well , I love you . biggie yeah . I love you , too . 71 . biggie hang up . then faith hang up , suspicious . she sit there a moment , contemplate . she pick the phone back up and dial a number . faith hi. can you watch chyna ? ext . kennedy airport - day faith get out of a cab , march to the airport ... ext . atlanta HOTEL - day faith get out of another cab , march to the hotel ... int . HOTEL hallway - day faith get off of the elevator , march to a room and knock on the door . she cover the peephole with she hand . no answer . she knock harder this time . a woman answer back . woman' voice yes . faith housekeep . woman' voice no thank you . faith sorry ma ’am , I can not hear you through the door . faith hear the door be unlocked . it crack open and stand there wear practically nothing be Debbie , the super enthuse fan . woman I say ... faith push the door open and go inside . int . HOTEL room - day biggie , half - naked , jump out of bed . 72 . biggie shit ! " faith grab Debbie by she hair with one hand and punch she in the face with the other . biggie ( cont 'd ) fay ! fay , wait ! faith beat she down , shove the woman to the floor leave she a bloody mess . biggie ( cont 'd ) damn , fay , I be not even fuck she . faith , look at she half - naked husband -- faith no ? well , too bad ' cause you should have be . faith step over Debbie and storm out . ext . playground - day faith ( v.0 . ) I guess the one I should have beat down be Big . but I know there be female out there throw they ass in he face . it be more of a ego thing than anything else . like let this female know , they could not snatch what I get . chyna go down a slide and faith be there to catch she . ext . brooklyn STREET - day faith ( v.0 . ) but as big as my ego be , it be not shit compare to Big 's . chyna eat a popsicle as she walk down the street with faith . then -- man 's voice faith ? be that you ? faith turn around , see a guy name , mel . 73. faith mel ? oh my god. faith and mel hug . mel how be everything ? you know we choir be not the same without you . suddenly , biggie call out . biggie ( 0.c . ) yo , fay ! yo! fay ! biggie sit in the passenger seat of a suv drive by cease . chico and two other junior m.a.f.i.a. member sit in the back . biggie ( cont 'd ) yo , fay ! let I hold chyna a minute ! faith , somewhat embarrassed -- faith I be sorry , mel . hold on for a second . faith pick up chyna , walk to biggie and glare at he . faith ( cont 'd ) when do you get back ? biggie just now . ain not you glad to see I ? biggie gently grab chyna and give she a kiss as the other four guy hop out of the suv . they rush to mel and attack he with punch and choke hold . faith wait ! stop ! what the hell be you do ? they beat mel good and leave he on the ground , moan . faith angrily run back to biggie . faith ( cont 'd ) ( to biggie ) what the hell be wrong with you ! that 's my friend from church . 74 . biggie be you fuck he ? faith nol biggie well , you should have be . biggie put chyna back down on the ground and drive off with he crew . ext . mansion - dusk - 1994 , - a impressive , contemporary white mansion in the hamptons . a video crew rush around and a make - up artist put powder on voletta 's face . she stand against a rail with the set sun behind she . puffy be behind the camera , direct . he turn to biggie . puffy yo Big , you sure you mom be okay ? she 's look stress and shit . biggie let I talk to she . biggie cross to voletta . biggie ( cont 'd ) you alright ma Duke ? voletta puffy want I to stand out here read this magazine . if I be go to read a magazine , I ’11l do it in my live room , not at some stranger 's house in the hampton . biggie it 's call act . voletta it do not feel right . biggie why ? you do not think I be capable of buy a crib like this ? 75 . voletta I think you be capable of anything , Christopher . ( then ) I always have . voletta find herself get emotional . biggie hold up , ma . do not tell I you be ery . voletta wipe away she tear . voletta I be sorry . I be just think about how far you have come . biggie that 's all puffy want you to do . think about how far I have come . only smile . Angela bassett be not get nothing on you . okay ? voletta okay . biggie kiss he mom , cross back to puffy and nod . puffy you ready Ms. wallace ? voletta yes. puffy start the playback ! the playback kick in . it be '' juicy . '' puffy ( cont 'd ) action ! voletta hold the magazine in front of she as biggie 's voice be hear on the playback . '' ... now my mom pimp a ac 's with minks_on she back . and she love to show I off , of course . smile every time my face be up in the source ... '' voletta lower the magazine and give a smile of pride towards the camera . puffy ( cont 'd ) cut ! 76 . everyone clap for voletta . music dip down but continue ... ext . tower record - day faith ( v.0 . ) by the time Big 's album drop , it be like the crack epidemic all over again . only this time , they be addict to he voice . hundred of young people stand in line , wait to go inside . chorus : '' you know very well who you be . do not let ‘em hold you_ down , reach for the star ... '' int . tower record - day faith ( v.0 . ) Big be not just put clever lyric together . he be tell storey . you could picture everything he be say . biggie : '' and if you do not know now you . no '' Mark and Wayne stand off to the side as biggie sit at a table signing copy of he CD '' ready to die . '' there be so many fan here , it seem as though the line will never end . and biggie , cool as can be , welcome he fan well aware that this be where he should be . faith ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and once the world hear '' juicy , '' hip hop be change forever . a flash of biggie performing '' juicy '' in front of a elate audience . he be no longer wear jeans and timb . he be drape in leather and sport versace sunshade . '' I make the change from common to thief , to up close and personal with Robin Leach ... '' audience member recite the lyric with he . it no longer feel like a concert . it feel like a RELIGIOUS experience . a flash of suburban white girl blasting '' juicy '' from there car . '' lunch , brunch , interview by the pool , consider a_ fool ' cause I drop out of high school . stereotype of a Black mal isunderstand , and it 's still all '' 77 . a flash of two little boy thumbing through vibe magazine and reciting biggie 's truth along with he voice . '' Super nintendo enesis . when I be d break , man I could not picture this ... '' as the music slowly fade away ... faith ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) hip hop have its national anthem . twenty - five year ago , shaft be the baddest brother in the hood . now , it be biggie small . a older woman in the Tower record line talk to biggie . older woman ( tearful ) my grandson be kill sell drug . if he would have hear you song , maybe he have still be alive today . she hug biggie . then a rough looking guy approach biggie . rough guy yo partner , thanks for represent for all we niggas out on the corner , hustling . most people do not know what we go through . faith ( v.o. ) Big be just try to make music . but people that be sell drug think Big be a role model . and people that be against drug , think Big be a role model . as biggie have he head down -- man ( 0.c . ) I just want to say that I think you be so sexy ... biggie look up and see damien stand there in line , pretend to be a fan . his two year bid be over . immediately , biggie embrace he . a flash of billboard magazine . it rank '' juicy '' as the number one rap song ahead of snoop , tupac and everyone else . 78 . int . four season HOTEL - night biggie , cease , chico and damien sit in a luxurious suite smoking weed and drink champagne . damien fuck . since I have be lock up , you niggas be live like this ? biggie it be not like this every day . puff have I do press and shit . niggas be not try to come to bed - stuy to interview you ass . in the background , Richard pryor 's '' live on the sunset Strip '' play . the volume be down low . they barely pay attention as pryor , in he legendary concert , talk about go to the motherland . '' and the voice say , do you see any nigger ? and I say , no ... I have be here three week and I be not even say the word ... '' cease you know we be hold a spot for you in junior m.a.f.i.a. damien the fuck for ? I be not a nigga who can rap . chico there 's other shit you could do . biggie you could be they manager , nigga . damien what do a manager do ? chico most important thing a manager do be make sure the finest freak come back to the dress room . they laugh . biggie hold up . let I get a minute with De cease alright . welcome home , nigga . 79 . damien thanks . chico Real good see you again , nigga . catch you later . damien yeah , nigga . I x11 get with you . chico and cease exit . biggie turn off Richard pryor . biggie D , be not a day go by I do not think about what you do . damien just do what need to be do . biggie yo , I set something aside for you . biggie hand damien a manila envelope . damien open it to find thousand of dollar . damien I do not do it for a pay-off . biggie do not matter . it 's yours . biggie and damien hug . int . four season HOTEL - later that night clothes be on the floor . kim ( 0.c . ) do not you wife miss you ? biggie ( 0.c . ) why you want to talk about she ? kim ( 0.c . ) I just wanna know if she do you like this ... camera move into the HOTEL bathroom . off the reflection on the mirror , we see Kim make love to biggie in the tub ... 80 . int . four season HOTEL - a hour later Kim be in bed with biggie , lay on he chest . biggie 's cell phone ring . he grab it . biggie yeah ?... maybe I be not be answer my phone ' cause I be busy ... what ?... you sure ? biggie hang up . biggie ( cont 'd ) shit . kim what 's wrong ? biggie you gotta go . kim what ? biggie rush around , throw she clothes at she . biggie Mark say faith be come up . kim so , let she come . biggie do not fuck around . kim what you see in she that you do not see in I ? biggie I say , get you shit on bitch ! Kim be take aback by he tone . biggie feel bad . biggie ( cont 'd ) look -- Kim angrily turn away , get she clothes back on . 81. int . four season HOTEL - hallway - night Kim be wait for the elevator . it arrive and she step on just second before another elevator arrive . faith step off and walk down the hall . the door to kim 's elevator have not close yet . as faith walk down the hall , instinctively she turn around and the door to Kim 's elevator close in the nick of time . faith knock on biggie 's door . the door open and biggie stand in the doorway act groggy . biggie hey , baby . int . quad recording studio ~ night a whole entourage of people , biggie , Andre harrell , junior m.a.f.i.a. and puffy . lil 's Kim be in the booth recording she verse for '' player 's anthem . '' biggie be on the board , supervise with '' UN '' rivera and puffy . lil 's kim '' no question , confession , yes it 's the lyrical . bitches squeeze you tit , niggas grab you genitals ... '' in mid-rhyme , biggie stop she . biggie Nah . that 's not work . lil 's kim what do you mean ? biggie ai not the way I write it . lil 's kim I know . I change it . biggie Change it back . lil 's kim what about my voice ? it 's my record . 82 . biggie yo , I be run junior m.a.f.i.a . so stop be so fuck difficult . when I tell cease to do something -- lil 's kim well , I be not cease , nigga ! biggie damn it , bitch ! lil 's kim who you call a bitch , nigga ! I do not hear you talk this shit when you be eat my pussy . guest turn they head . biggie pull Kim to the side . biggie what the fuck be I suppose to do ? faith be my wife . lil 's kim I think if I do not pressure you , we would build something special . something where I would not be treat as some fuck ho in you hotel room . biggie yo . I really can not deal with this shit right now . Kim 's bluster disappear . she start crying . she 's suddenly like a little girl . lil 's kim I always do for niggas . and nobody ever do for I . and I be sick of that shit ! I be fuckin’ sick of it . she storm off , slamm the door behind she . cease look over , shake he head . ext . quad recording studio - roof - night cease be on the roof , smoking a blunt . he look down , spot a familiar face . cease yo , pac! 83 . ext . quad recording studio - night tupac be with he friend , stretch , fred , and zane . he look up at cease . tupac yo , what up cease ! cease what up ? you come up now ? tupac yeah ! cease alright , I will let they know you be here . tupac walk into the building . int . quad recording studio - night Andre and puffy huddle off to the side . andre I know you be ready to fly . just want you to do it on you own . puffy so you be do I a favor when you give I the ax ? ' Cause it do not sound that way . andre so call it tough love . I would not want no hard feeling between we . puffy do not sweat it . we good , dre . we good . as biggie play back lil 's Kim 's track , cease walk in . cease yo , I just see pac downstairs , he 's come up . biggie nod . biggie cool. 84 . int . quad recording studio - lobby - night tupac and he boy walk in past a man wear army fatigue and a hat down low . they head to the elevator walk past a second man at a table who be read a newspaper . he 's also wear army fatigue . tupac press the '' up '' button , wait for the elevator . suddenly , the man who be at the door rush in the lobby wield a nine millimeter . the second man also pull out a nine . man everybody on the floor ! you know what time it be ! tupac , shell - shocked , do not move . his friend drop to the floor like a sack of potato . the two man surround tupac . tupac ' the fuck ya all want ? the first man hold he gun to tupac 's stomach . second man take you motherfuckin’ jewelry off ! tupac what ? second man fuck this . just shoot he . both man FIRE on tupac . tupac drop . while tupac be on the floor , they stomp he and snatch he jewelry . int . quad recording studio - night tupac , a bloody mess , come into the studio , surveying the room . everyone look shocked to see he . he be bleed from he head and body . a guy name , lil 's shawn , scream out . lil 's shawn oh my God . pac , you gotta sit down . tupac fuck you ! fuck all you , motherfuckas ! ( more ) 85 . tupac ( cont ‘d ) which one of you niggas set I up ? I be here right now motherfuckas . what ! then tupac look at cease . flashback a image of cease stand outside on the roof flash across frame . tupac put two and two together . he look at cease . then he look at biggie and puffy who be stand together . the SOUND of a ambulance . puffy ( v.0 . ) I could look back on that day and see that be the beginning of the end ... ext . frank E. campbell funeral chapel - day puffy try to hold it together and play general to divert he emotion . he direct a few mourner to they limo and hug a few other . puffy ( v.0 . ) biggie do not get in the rap game to become a motherfuck criminal . he get in the rap game to stop be a criminal . that do not matter though . once tupac say he think I and Big set he up , the media go bananas like a bratty - ass kid with a new toy . various media SOUND byte wipe across frame . MTV . bet . CNN . upn . tupac naming biggie and puffy as the one who set he up . inf . puffy 's office - day biggie pac be my boy . why would we try to kill he ? that make sense to you ? puffy Nah . just lay low . this shit will blow over . 86 . puffy ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and for whatever reason , it seem like pac could not stay out of the news . a image of tupac getting arrested flash across frame . puffy ( v.0o . ) ( cont 'd ) he be accuse of rape and even though most of we could not believe that shit , he become a magnet for trouble . we try to stay clear of that motherfucka . another image of tupac spitting at news cameras flash across frame . puffy ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) he beat the rape charge . beat the sodomy charge . but they find he guilty of sexual misconduct . a news report with monica gale flash across frame . monica gale tupac shakur have be sentence to a maximum of four and a half year in prison for sexually abuse a fan . the state judge in New York condemn the twenty - three - year- old for he arrogant abuse of the victim ... '' a image of suge knight visiting tupac in jail flash across frame . puffy ( v.0 . ) the door be wide open and suge knight walk right in . after a handwritten contract -~ a flash of tupac and suge signing a contract . puffy ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and one million dollar for a appeal bond , pac be free . suge and death row have its newest artist and the so-called East Coast / West Coast rivalry be about to jump off . various image . tupac diss bad Boy . snoop flash sign for West Coast . East Coast rapper dissing the west. 87 . news and magazine article with east coast / west coast rivalry as the headline . bet ... MTV ... upn ... rivalry ... rivalry ... rivalry ... puffy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) then suge deliberately throw kerosene on the flame and everything erupt . coverage of the source award . suge knight on stage with tupac and snoop . suge say , '' any artist out there that want to be a artist and want to stay a STAR and don ’t want to worry about the executive producer all up in the video , all on the record -- dancing , come to death row !... the east coast ain not got no love for dr . dre and snoop doggy dogg ? and death row ? ya all don ’t love US ?... then let if be known that we got no love for the east coast then ! '' boos rain down . puffy ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we try to go about we motherfuck business . but it become a runaway train . and Big could not get off . especially after faith pose with tupac . a flash of faith and tupac at the house of blue . they take a picture together . a flash of tupac 's '' hit em 's up '' video . tupac call biggie , '' piggy . '' then he say , '' i_fucked you wife . '' ext . parker meridian HOTEL - day chico pull up in the suv . chico puffy 's get she do interview , right ? you can not just barge in , Chris . what if she 's in the middle -- biggie hop out and storm into the hotel . int . parker meridian HOTEL - day biggie bang on a door . faith open it . int . faith 's HOTEL room - day biggie grab she . 88. biggie you fuck bitch ! faith break away and run from he . biggie pick up a chair and slam it into the floor repeatedly . biggie ( cont 'd ) I can not believe you fuck he ! faith run into the bathroom and lock herself inside . he go to the bathroom door and start bang on it . biggie ( cont 'd ) open the door ! faith ( 0.c. ) ( cry --) no ! biggie kick the door but it will not budge . damien walk through the open hotel room door . damien Chris . go downstairs , man . you know somebody do call security by now . Chris . biggie look at he , then walk out of the room . damien ( cont 'd ) fay. open up . faith no . damien come on , ma . it be not like that . I just want to make sure you be okay . there 's a long pause . the door open . faith be a mess . she come out shaking , unable to speak . damien put he arm around she . int . bad boy record - puffy 's office - day biggie sit , face puffy , Wayne and Mark as if he 's on trial . 89 . wayne you can not be run through four star hotel like it 's the ghetto and shit . biggie so my motherfuck mind go adrift . that what you want to hear ? a beat of silence . biggie ( cont 'd ) for real , I feel like I be go crazy . Mark , you call faith ? MARK ( nod ) she do not want to talk to you . biggie take this in -- biggie I do not know why this motherfucka want to do I like this , but it 's time I shut pac 's mouth . biggie get up , start to leave . puffy wait . look , let I holla at Big for a minute . MARK we will be outside . Mark and Wayne exit . biggie this what you mean about we change the world ? puffy not exactly what I have in mind . biggie half the time , this shit do not seem like it 's worth it . I / x11 give it to pac , though . he warn I , there 's a lot of bullshit to deal with once you be on top . 90 . puffy maybe this be a test . biggie what kind of test ? puffy God 's way of see if you could rise above the bullshit and rise to the occasion . biggie how ? by say stick and stone while pac run he bitch - ass mouth ? puffy by be smarter than you be before . the way you see the world from the corner can not be the same way you see the world now . biggie Way I use to see the world be much clearer . I feel trap like I have no future . figure I would sell drug till I be kill or lock up for the rest of my life . since this rap shit start jump , I do not have that feel anymore . not till now . ' Cause this motherfucka be take it to the street and call I out . we all know the rule . I be not no boy scout who can let this shit slide . puffy if be a boy scout be what it will take to keep you from be trap , then Big , become a motherfuck boy scout . can not change the world if we can not change ourselves . int . faith and biggie 's condo - day faith be pack up she clothes and belonging . the door begin to open but be halt by the security chain . biggie few ... few , it 's I . can you open the door ? c’mon . I want to talk to you . please . 91 . faith unchain the door . biggie walk in and she slap the shit out of he . faith you make I feel dirty and cheap and scared to fuck death , Big . how fuck dare you ! faith turn away shed angry tear . biggie notice she suitcase and box . biggie can you listen to I a minute ? faith it 's over . it be over a long time ago . I just do not have the courage to admit it . biggie I be sorry about bugging the fuck out the way I do . sorry about a lot of shit . I reach some kind of break point and shit . faith that make two of we . ( then ) why do not you just look I in the eye and ask I ? biggie okay . so I be ask . what happen with you and pac ? faith I see he at the House of blue . we take a picture . end of story . ( then ) okay ? biggie nod . biggie end of story . faith at least , now you have a idea of what it feel like to be cheat on . faith start pack again . 92 . biggie I do not wanna let you go . faith you want to end up in the same fuck up place ? ' Cause sooner or later that will happen . you know that . biggie come from behind she , gently kiss she neck . she start to give in and face he . faith ( cont 'd ) this do not change thing . they kiss and sink to the floor ... puffy ( v.o. ) after Big and faith split up , he buy himself a spot in Jersey . a flash of damien , chico and cease helping biggie carry box into he jersey home . puffy ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) despite the bullshit with pac , money be roll in . and junior m.a.f.i.a. 's album go gold . a flash of junior m.a.f.i.a. 's album '' conspiracy '' goe across the screen . puffy ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) even Mrs. wallace go to see they in concert . a flash of voletta in the front row of a concert . she be aghast as lil 's kim sit on stage and open her legs , revealing she be not wearing any drawer under her skirt . puffy ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) that be the last time Mrs. wallace go to see junior m.a.f.i.a. int . shrine auditorium - day the soul train Award . there 's a red carpet outside line with fan stand behind metal gate . a row of paparazzi , constantly flashing at something and a phalanx of black and white limo . 93 . puffy ( v.0 . ) thing be go so well , I start to think the only one who could stop we be ourselves . int . dressing room - day biggie be in he tux , shoeless . he try stuff he foot into a pair of dress shoe . damien sit in the corner , read a magazine . biggie what size be this ? MARK fourteen , like you ask . biggie this be not no fourteen . he look at the bottom , inside the heel . he see a number twelve inside . he throw the shoe across the room . biggie ( cont 'd ) always fuckin’ problem ! ext . hallway - day Mark step out as puffy and he bodyguard , big sexy , approach . MARK they send over the wrong size shoe . he 's not go on . puffy what ? now be not the time for a damn temper tantrum . MARK he 's get a lot on he mind , puff . puffy turn to Big sexy . puffy give we a minute . Big sexy step away . 94 , puffy ( cont 'd ) look , I get a lot on my mind . you do not wanna fuck with Don cornelius . he will ban every act on bad Boy if we fuck this up . MARK fay 's pregnant . puffy what ? but they split up . Mark shrug . MARK you know how it go . puffy we be not get time for this shit . int . dressing room - day puffy go in the dress room and see biggie sit in the corner . Big sexy , puffy 's bodyguard , trail behind . puffy you want I to cry ? be that what it 's gonna take ? then I will cry . Big , do not do this to I . do not do this to you . biggie I do not go on if the shoe be not right . damien come in . damien the Big and tall shop do not have it either . Big sexy look down at biggie 's shoe . big sexy what size you wear ? music up : the notorious b.i.g.' '' one more chance . '' 95 . int . shrine auditorium stage - day close on biggie 's shoe . they be a little shabby but they fit . widen to reveal -- biggie in he tux , rock with the mic in he hand . biggie first thing first , I poppa freak all the 2 ) D ies . playbo bunny . that get nothing ... on stage right , with tuxedoed dancers in back , puffy stand out in a white tux . also on stage be faith , with the slight pouch start to show . faith ( sing ) '' biggie give I one more chance . '' in the audience -- tupac , suge and a few death row entourage member linger . biggie be too busy rock to notice tupac and he friend stand up in the middle of the performance , and walk out . ext . shrine auditorium - night biggie , cease and damien make they way out to where the valet stand be . a red hummer pull up . the back window roll down . it 's tupac . he yell directly at biggie . tupac outlawz , motherfucka ! biggie just stare at tupac . there 's a wildness in tupac 's eye that can only be describe as blood . suge get out of the car and start walk forward . without word , damien pull out he nine . cease start yell at tupac . a swarm of fruit of islam security guard separate the two camp . the hummer pull off . biggie stand there in disbelief . biggie that be some theatrical shit . he really think he 's Bishop from '' juice . '' 96 . damien you say the word , we put a end to all this shit . permanently . biggie shake he head . biggie we be not gonna play into it . ext . new york skyline - day the voice of radio personality , wendy william , be hear . wendy william ( v.o. ) I know everybody 's on the edge of they seat to hear the latest drama from bad Boy record and death row record . scandalous ! last week it be gun and shout at the soul train Award . now we have the most scandalous news of all -- faith be pregnant . but there 's only one problem . who 's the daddy ? int . georgia dome - night biggie stand tall on stage . half the crowd cheer . the other half of the crowd boo . biggie take this in , glance at damien and cease stand off stage . he turn back to the crowd . biggie yo ! yo , check it out ! the crowd quiet down . biggie ( cont 'd ) I have this friend , know what I be sayin’ . I and duke be real cool . at least , I think we be . but that 's the thing about this business . jealousy and envy will get you twisted , it will turn you best friend into you worst enemy . he warn I , but I do not believe he . from behind he turntable -- d.j. enuff smile and cue up the beat . 97 . biggie ( cont 'd ) this song be make month before anything happen to tupac . it be suppose to be on Mary J. blige 's album , but uptown record think the shit be too hardcore . but he will not believe I . maybe nobody will . but frankly , at this point , I do not give a fuck . so pac , this go out to you . d.j. enuff let the beat go . the crowd go crazy . biggie nod he head to the heavy bass and piano line . backstage , cease grab a mic and run on stage . puffy stand backstage , head bob . cease get high motherfuckas ! ready to die , motherfuckas ! puffy ( v.0 . ) biggie keep he mouth shut for a long ass time . he decide not to strike back physically . but on this night at least , he verbally throw a uppercut . maybe it be not the most Christian thing to do , but I think it be something all of we who be down with Big need . biggie '' who shot ya ? Separate the weak from the obsolete . hard to creep they Brooklyn street . it 's on nigga . fuck all that bicker beef ... '' the crowd literally jump up and down . the energy be energetic . biggie rap so hard , he sweat through he clothes . it 's a public battle and declaration . he 's not scared of tupac . and he 's not go away quietly . biggie ( cont 'd ) '' slip and break the eleventh commandment . thou shalt not fuck with raw C - poppa . feel a thousand death when I drop ya ... '' the East Coast crowd be cheer biggie on . 98 . puffy ( v.o. ) if this East Coast / West Coast beef be about to become a war , on this night , biggie become general and thousand of soldier enlist . biggie look down at the front row when he notice a tall , thin woman with strike eye . she smile at he as she groove to the beat . int . backstage - night biggie talk to the strike woman . her name be tiffany lane a.k.a charli baltimore . she pull out a disposable camera . charli let I take you picture . biggie smile and take the camera from she . biggie Nah . let I take yours . flash . puffy ( v.0 . ) Big meet Tiffany Lane a.k.a charli Baltimore . she would help keep he mind off the stress . and become the next rapper he would discover . a flash of biggie and charli performing in the '' get money '' video goe across frame . puffy ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ai not no way to describe the effect Big have on woman . he be either drive they crazy in a good way , drive they crazy in a bad way , but he be always drive they crazy . int . lexus - night faith , now seven month pregnant , be drive . the radio be turn to hot 97 . lil Kim 's song '' Queen bee '' be on . faith groove to it despite herself . but then faith get deeper into the remix verse with the cuss word bleep out . 99 . kim {through the radio ) '' let 'mee stress . the tatoo on you breast . Big . you be rockin’ my_ property . pyp . play you position . know I get ya wishin’ . you never start dissin’ . plus I iv d_better than you . pussy get wetter than you . I fuck much better than you . I dedicate this song to ya ass like R. Kelly . and_ that twin pac up in you belly . '' suddenly , faith do a full u-turn . int . daddy' house ( recording studio ) - day Kim sit with puffy and another producer , go over some lyric . the door open and Kim barely have time to blink when faith rain down punch on she . puffy pull she away . faith 's hair be mess up , she have lose a earring , but she smile say it all . int . new jersey home - night biggie and cease watch pay - per - View , where Mike tyson beat up on Bruce seldon . the camera catch tupac and suge sit ring -side . cease there go you boy . biggie yeah , right . int . bathroom - night biggie be on the toilet . he read vibe ''s , juice issue . he and puffy be on the cover . close on the headline . it read , '' East versus West . '' then -- cease ( 0.c . ) oh shit ! 100 . int . new jersey home - night biggie walk back to the de and find the tv report on the shoot of tupac . news reporter once again , rapper and actor , tupac shakur have be rush to University Medical Center in critical condition after be gun down and suffer multiple gunshot wound . this come just hour after attend the Mike tyson and Bruce seldon heavyweight box match ... crime scene photo of the shoot flash across frame . biggie be stunne . suddenly , he cell phone ring . cease 's cell phone ring . biggie 's home phone ring . cease ( on he cell ) yeah , we watch the shit right now . . cease turn to see biggie answer the phone . cease ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) yo , I be like twelve , thirteen - fuck - year - old when I first start see Big Chris on the corner . he be the close thing I ever have to a role model . ext . prank E. campbell funeral chapel - day cease get into one of the limo . cease ( v.0 . ) he eventually let I hang with he on the corner . but he do not want I hustling . he say the drug game be too dirty for my hand to touch . int . limousine - continuous cease , distraught , look out the window as damien sit down next to he . 101 . cease ( v.0 . ) six day after pac get shot in Vegas , he die . a news report of tupac 's death flash across screen . cease ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) give the circumstance , Chris coulda 's be celebrate . I tell he , at least we do not have to worry about he any more . he say that be a fuck up way to look at it . but the thing be , the rap game be become more ruthless than the crack game ... int . new jersey home / brooklyn apartment - night biggie talk on the phone with voletta . intercut : voletta I see he mother on tv . she 's a strong woman but I feel so bad for she . you plan to go to he funeral ? biggie would not be a good idea . voletta well , I be go to say a prayer for he mother . such a senseless waste , int . new jersey home - day tupac 's voice , loud and clear . tupac ( 0.c . ) we just here celebrate biggie small 's signing a deal with bad Boy record ... biggie be watch the video of he and tupac , as they sit side - by-side freestyling in the nightclub . biggie smoke a blunt . this be he memorial service for pac. 102 . int . lexus truck - day cease sit behind the wheel of the park truck and charli Baltimore sit in the back . they be wait on biggie who be outside of a pizza store . charli why do he like to be with so many different woman ? cease if you be ask if he care about you , I think the answer be yes . if you be ask if you be the only one , you gotta talk to he . charli that be not the question . cease you want you answer . look at big. through the suv window they see biggie sign a autograph then bite into he pizza . cease ( cont 'd ) he 's get a big appetite . cease ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it be not till she accept my answer that I realize why so many sister put up with bullshit . it be not ' cause they do not want better . it 's ' cause they think brother can not do no better . biggie get back in the suv , kissing on charli 's neck . then cease try to start the truck . it will not move . biggie what be we wait for ? cease keep turning the key but the truck make weird noise . ext . lexus dealership - day a serviceman come out . 103. serviceman we have a loaner that you can use . free of charge . ext . parking garage - day biggie , cease and Tiffany look at the beat - up dodge astrovan . biggie let 's get home before we get catch riding in this piece of shit . int . dodge astrovan - day it 's raining cat and dog . the van slide all over the road . biggie slow down , man . cease I be try . this fuckin’ brake keep lock up . cease look up and see the off ramp . he gun the wheel right . the astrovan slide . ext . highway - day the astrovan crash . the van slam the guard rail and veer into the road on the other side . a sicken crunch as it land . int . astrovan - day cease be lean back against the front seat , blood pour from he mouth . charli be unconscious , she head press up against the crack bloody windshield . biggie be trap between the seat and the dashboard , daze and fight consciousness . ext . highway - night several minute later a ambulance be park nearby as FIRE fighter cut open the upside down vehicle with hydraulic spreader -cutter . 104 . int . hospital room - day biggie lay in a hospital bed , he leg elevate in traction . puffy , Mark and Wayne talk to he from around the room , but they voice go in and out in he painkiller haze . MARK the doctor say you will walk again . it 's just gonna take some time , alright ? puffy shit , be happy it 's just you leg . cease lose the whole top row of he tooth and Tiffany 's forehead be fuck up . biggie I have a dream that tupac get kill . the three guy exchange look . wayne be not a dream , Big . that really happen . ( then ) Big ? biggie start to drift off . int . hospital room - night biggie lay alone in the room watch MTV on the overhead tv . kurt loder report on he accident . but he name be no longer just he name . it have take on the burden of tupac 's shoot , of the East Coast / West Coast feud , of all that be wrong with hip hop . as the verbal assault continue from the tv , biggie grow agitate , helplessness fueling fury . suddenly , he snatch the tv remote and hurl it at the television . the remote shatter into piece and drop harmlessly to the floor as the report continue ... int . hospital room - morning the room be quiet . biggie lay still in the bed , stare up at the ceiling , with nothing but he torture thought . the door push open . 105 . west indian man ( 0.c. ) good morning . no response from biggie . west indian man ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) gotta admit , I never hear of you . my daughter tell I who you be . I be a blue man myself . now if you be b.b. King , I would of have you autograph by now . biggie finally turn , see the orderly , jeff , a tall middle - age man with a West indian accent . biggie you remind I of my father . jeff I be honore . biggie that 's not a compliment . I have not think about he in year . jeff in year ? that do not sound right . biggie not everything be right . if it be , I would not be here . ( beat , then --) what do you daughter tell you about I ? Jeff change biggie 's i.v. jeff she say you be the great rapper of all time . and that you spit it like you live it . ( smile ) whatever that mean . biggie turn away . jeff ( cont 'd ) it 's funny . when you be on you foot , you only look ahead . but when you be on you back , you spend you time stare at the ceiling . ( more ) 106 . jeff ( cont 'd ) look for God . can not get more right than that . biggie do I a favor ? get the fuck out of here . Jeff , rattle , walk out . biggie let out a frustrated sigh , then slowly turn he head to the ceiling . ext . new jersey home - day biggie be in a wheelchair . t‘yanna , now four-year -old , sit on she dad 's lap and Jan stand behind they . biggie okay . five , four , three , two , one . Jan push they as fast as she can , the wheelchair become a rocket ship . t’yanna crack up as if this be a ride at a amusement park ... int . new jersey home - day biggie teach t’yanna '' the break . '' Jan stand in the hallway watch . biggie ( rapping ) clap you hand everybody ... _t'yanna ( rapping ) clap you hand everybody ... biggie if you get what it take ... t’ yanna if you get what it take ... biggie ' Cause I be kurtis blow ... t'yanna ' Cause I be kurtis blow ... biggie and I want you to know ... t’yanna and I want you to know ... 107 . biggie that this be the break ... t’yanna that this be the break ... biggie break it up , break it up , break it up ! t’yanna break it up , break it up , break it up ! biggie crack up . and from the hallway , so do Jan . int . new jersey home - night biggie have fall asleep in front of the tv and t’yanna sleep on he chest . Jan stare at the two of they , wishing she could freeze this moment . she pick t’yanna up and carry she to bed . int . new jersey home ~ a few minute later biggie start to wake up as Jan walk back into the room . biggie damn . what time be it ? jan almost nine -thirty . biggie shit . if I be in the studio I could go to the crack of dawn . but that little girl wear I out . Jan laugh . jan try do that seven day a week . a awkward pause . jan ( cont 'd ) I do not mean it like that . biggie okay if you do . 108 . jan you mind if we crash for the night ? I would hate to move she right now . biggie yeah , it 's all good . Jan pick up the chinese food take - out box on the table , start to bring they to the kitchen . jan would it be mess up if I tell you , I be kind of glad you have that accident . biggie yeah . that would be mess up . jan I will not say it then . Jan cross to the kitchen . int . delivery room - day biggie , sit in he wheelchair , wear a shower cap at bedside . faith be scream in pain . hour later large , black hand hold a tiny , light -skin baby . biggie in he wheelchair , rock he son to sleep . faith be fast asleep , exhaust from labor . voletta ( whisper ) can I hold my grandson , now ? voletta reach for the baby , but biggie will not give he up . biggie ( whisper ) one more minute , ma! voletta chuckle . voletta okay . damien tip in , carry flower . everyone continue to whisper . 109 . damien hey , people . voletta hi , damien . I be go to get some tea . when I come back you be go to have to pin down Christopher so I can hold the baby . damien you know I get you back miss wallace . voletta exit . biggie say hello to you nephew . damien study he . damien he 's beautiful . Little nigga look like a light -skin you . biggie damn . can not this motherfucka be in the world for one day before be call nigga ? damien laugh . biggie ( cont 'd ) what ? damien I be sorry . but be motherfucka really that better ? damien and biggie laugh . ext . hospital patio - day biggie wheel himself on the patio , pull out a pen and hospital stationary . biggie write , '' five Year plan . '' then he begin to work it out . 110 . int . new jersey home - day t'yanna be on the floor play with doll as biggie talk with someone on the phone . biggie I be kick it with my daughter . intercut with : int . kim 's car - day she be talk to biggie from she cell phone . kim okay . I be on my way . biggie that be not a good idea . kim why not ? biggie this be suppose to be we alone time . kim so what the fuck , I gotta let you get I pregnant to see you now ? biggie I ' 1l call you later . kim do not bother nigga . fuck you . biggie fuck you too , bitch . biggie hang up , turn to see t’yanna look startle . ext . new jersey home - day biggie wheel himself in he chair as t’yanna sit on he lap . biggie my pop teach I only one thing , but I never forget it . ( more ) 111 . biggie ( cont 'd ) he tell I to look at a man in the eye when you shake he hand . now , I be gonna teach you something I never want you to forget . okay ? t’yanna okay . biggie you be daddy 's princess , Te te. so no matter what , for any reason , never let a man disrespect you and call you a bitch . get it ? t’‘ yanna yes , daddy . then biggie do a few trick with he wheelchair that cause she to laugh . int . biggie 's suv - day cease drive . biggie be in the passenger seat . chico and damien be in the back . they drive through bed-stuy , through the street , sound and people who shape they all . biggie look out of the window see the corner he use to hustle on , the alley where he beat up lennox the drug user who ratted on he and the record store where he battle ralston , the sucka m.c . damien I talk to Mark today . biggie yeah ? damien he 's worried about you . want I to convince you to go back into the studio . cease chime in . cease it 's be two year since '' ready to die '' come out . biggie so he talk to you , too ? cease , bust -- 112 . cease yeah . biggie so what do ya will tell he ? chico they should have tell he you would get back into the studio when you be good and fuck ready . ' Cause no one could talk you hard - head ass into anything anyway . they all laugh . then as they pull up to a red light , something outside catch biggien attention . cease later for the studio . Big Chris be think about start a clothing company . and a restaurant , right ? biggie nod but he attention be draw elsewhere . damien a restaurant would be hot . but I want to be the motherfucka who 's interview the waitress . as the guy joke about the waitress qualification -- the person who biggie be stare at come into frame . it be sandy , the once pregnant crackhead who biggie sold drug to . she seem to have get herself together . she be dress nice and even more amazing , she hold the hand of a five - year - old boy who look just like she . biggie be mesmerize and he heart be pound ... int . brooklyn apartment - day with the use of a cane , biggie walk to the dinner table . crowd around the table be biggie , cease , damien and chico . miss wallace place food on the table and sit with they . voletta close she eye and bow she head . the guy look at each other , take the cue . they take off they cap and all bow they head . biggie say the grace . biggie ( heartfelt ) dear God ... thank you . 113 . then biggie look up but everyone 's head remain bow . finally , cease peek , then damien , then chico . damien that 's all ? chico start to laugh . chico damn man . at least drop God be good , God be great . his boy start crack the hell up . but voletta get it . voletta I think it be perfect . she start eat and everyone else dig in as well . int . new jersey home - day biggie pick up the phone and dial a number . biggie yo Mark , I think I be ready to get back to work ... biggie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) '' hah , sicka than you average poppa , twist cabbage off instinct , niggas do not think shit stink , pink gator , my Detroit player , timb 's for my hooligan in Brooklyn ... '' as the '' hypnotize '' track plays ... int . faith' house - day biggie pick up he son c.j. from out of he crib and kiss he on the cheek . biggie daddy will see you in a few week . '' hypnotize '' continue as the hollywood sign and various shot of california come into view . biggie ( v.0 . ) '' girl 1 we , wanna do u screw _u : we ? mo ) 114 . biggie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) yeah poppa and puff . Close like starsky and hutch ... '' ext . video shoot / the river - day puffy and biggie splash through the water in a speedboat as a camera crew film they rapping to the '' hypnotize '' track . this be not a '' hood '' video . it 's a mini-action movie . assailant from black helicopter shoot at they and they be try to evade they as biggie and puffy wear designer clothes that may cost more than the entire budget of other video shoot . cease ( v.0o . ) for most people , this video be hot . but for Chris , it symbolize he life . he evade and survive so many fuck obstacle . even though he father bail on he , even though he make bad choice , he be no longer in jail , he be no longer on the corner slange rock and he be not dead . just like the video , when you think you have he cornere , he slip away . ext . hypnotize video shoot - day puffy and biggie rap to the track as they stand in front of a cage where there be a black leopard . they be try to get the scene right and hope that the leopard will cooperate . suddenly , the leopard growl and puffy jump , startle . biggie fall to the ground laugh he ass off . this be the happiest we have see he . the future be bright . int . tatoo parlor - day biggie and damien sit in a parlor on sunset boulevard as two tatoo artist work on they forearm . they be get the twenty - third psalm put into they flesh . '' yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil ... '' the music trail off as : int . brooklyn apartment - day voletta watch the soul train Award and see biggie , all dress up , walk out on stage . 115 . int . shine auditorium - the soul train award - night biggie stand at the podium with Brian mcknight , musical group , 112 , and puffy . member of 112 and the soul train Music Award go to ... biggie step up and suddenly several boos rain down from the balcony . biggie what 's up , cali ? the boo escalate ... int . HOTEL room - day biggie be on the phone with voletta . intercut : int . brooklyn apartment - day voletta you sure they be boo ? I could not tell . biggie they do some audio trick for the East Coast feed , make it sound like applause . voletta I do not like you be out there . biggie I think I be out here be gonna put a end to all this nonsense . voletta have a look of concern on she face , mother 's instinct -- voletta I want you to be careful , chrissy - pooh . biggie I hate it when you call I that . 116 . voletta I forget . you be all grow up now . int . chevy suburban - night - september 8 , 1997 , 9:00 p.m. - biggie ride in the passenger seat . in the truck with he be damien , cease and a guy name , greg , who be drive . biggie talk on he cell . biggie ya will see how sexy I look last night ? intercut : int . jan' apartment - night Jan laugh . jan you be sick , Chris . but yes , we see you . you look a’ight . biggie I may have to spend time out here promote the album and shit . you think t’yanna can come out ? my mom 's could maybe bring she . we could do the whole disneyland thing . Jan smile , elate . jan I would not have a problem with that . int . garage - night a black impala ss sit on twenty - twos with white wall . the car be so lovingly polished , you can see you face in it . int . faith 's HOTEL room - night she rush around get dress as she cell phone ring . she pick it up . 117 . faith what . intercut : int . chevy suburban - night biggie be on the other end . biggie you come to the party ? faith I would be dress by now if people would stop call . biggie well yo , when you get back to New York I want you to send c.j. out here with my mom 's . faith Big , what be you talk about ? biggie I be gonna be out here for a while and I want my kid to be here . faith let I think about it , okay ? biggie what 's there to think about ? faith look , I can not do this now . annoy , faith hang up . biggie hang up , piss . int . petersen automotive museum - night it be the vibe party and the place be pack wall - to- wall . slowly , the crowd 's attention get divert to the front door . the bad boy entourage have arrive . first it be puffy , flanke by bodyguard who enter . then it be biggie with he boy Mark pitt and D - dot . and it 's as if the whole East Coast - West Coast rivalry have instantly be wash away . they walk through the club as if they own the town -- and they do . everyone look at biggie -- the woman , the man , the celebrity , you name it . 118 . and now as biggie move through the crowd receive love , he get it . he do not just represent bed-stuy . with all of he positive attribute and shortcomings as well , he represent compton , watt , crenshaw , etc . russell simmon give biggie a pat on the back . Andre harrell raise a champagne glass to he . biggie be they everyman . they manchild in the promise land . and he soak it all in ... int . garage - night the garage be immaculate . there be a workbench with a nine millimeter disassembled . a light - skinned black man clean and oil the weapon , take great care with every single piece . we do not see he face . there be four police scanner on the edge of the bench . once the gun be clean , the man put it in a blue duffle bag . int . petersen automotive museum - night puffy and biggie sit with each other . this be the scene from the start of the movie . puffy you feel all this love we be get ? biggie ( nod , then --) I just wanna give it all back . suddenly , '' hypnotize '' plays . puffy look like you just do . the crowd dance as if this be the first party of the rest of they life . they need this ... they want it . puffy ( cont 'd ) we do a hell of a lot in a short amount of time . biggie we be not do , kid . puffy raise he glass of champagne . 119 . puffy let 's change the world . biggie raise he glass . biggie can not change the world if we do not change ourselves . they clink glass . ext . STREET - night the tire on the impala spin around as the car bust through the night ... int . black impala - night it move through the L.A. street . on the passenger seat be the blue duffle bag and the police scanner be on the floor ... int , petersen automotive museum - night as the party be in full effect , biggie glance over to another table and see faith . she notice biggie look and angrily turn away . ext . petersen automotive museum - night there be a police barricade as one of the street be block off . the black impala drive up to the barricade and a officer notice the lapd placard on the dash . he let the car go through . simultaneously , faith hop in a town car and leave . int . petersen automotive museum - night another song be be played . and just as the party be in full swing , FIRE marshal enter . the chief head to the d.j. booth . - MARCH 9 , 1997 . shortly after midnight . - the Chief whisper a few word to the d.j. and the music stop . people in the crowd groan . 120 . d.j. sorry everyone , but they be say it 's a fire hazard . we be get shut down . ext . petersen automotive museum - night the angry crowd disperse . ext . parking garage - night puffy stand with Big sexy , another bodyguard name , kenneth , and two other security guy . the valet bring puffy 's suburban rental and he and he crew hop in . Mark , D - dot and a guy name , tracey lee , hop into a white limo . biggie stand wait with damien , cease and greg . biggie , talk on he cell -- biggie how ' bout when I get back , we sit down and figure out what the fuck we be do ? intercut : int . kim 's house - night Kim , on the phone talk to biggie . kim we could do that . you all right ? biggie yeah . you ? kim yeah . biggie later then . kim later . biggie hang up . a attractive , young woman name , tisha , approach . 121 . tisha biggie , can I have a autograph ? greg sorry , he be not do autograph tonight . as tisha back away , biggie notice the Bob marley T-shirt she be wear . biggie hold up . we gotta make it quick , sweetheart . tisha hand he a sheet of paper and he sign . then the valet arrive with biggie 's suburban rental . the bad Boy caravan pull off together . puffy 's suburban , in the lead . biggie 's suburban , second . and the limo , bring up the rear . ext . petersen automotive museum - night fhe bad Boy caravan cruise down fairfax ... int . biggie 's suburban - night biggie 's '' i'm go back to cali '' plays as biggie and the guy bob they head ... int . MARK 's limo - night Mark be on the cell phone . MARK yo , Wayne . you would not believe the love cali have for biggie ... int . puffy' suburban - night as Kenneth be on fairfax , the light at wilshire be about to change red . he start to slow down , when -- big sexy run the light . run the light . Kenneth gun it and the car run the light , make a leave in front of johnnie 's Cafe . 122. int . biggie 's suburban - night they get catch at the light . biggie , damien , cease and greg continue to bob they head , laugh and joke . cease turn he head and look out the window . before he can react , he see the black chevy impala pull up . suddenly , half a dozen gunshot explode into biggie . scream and pandemonium ensue . ext . fairfax boulevard - night the impala speed away . puffy run out of he suburban from across the street . Kenneth and the other bodyguard follow . they reach biggie 's suburban . he 's soak in blood . damien and cease be scream hysterically . greg be shell - shocked . puffy biggie ! biggie ! biggie sit , barely breathe . puffy jump in the back . puffy ( cont 'd ) where be the nearest hospital ? greg! Kenneth open greg 's door . kenneth let I drive , yo . greg get out and Kenneth speed off . ext . L.A. street - night the suburban race down the STREET , dodging traffic and red light . then it pull up in front of cedar sinai . puffy and damien jump out yell , '' we need help ! we need help ! '' int . hospital waiting room - night puffy be on he knee praying . damien and cease pace frantically . ext . MARK n's limo - night the limo speed up screeching . Mark dash out . 123. int . hospital waiting room - night as Mark run in ... MARK where 's he at ? damien surgery . MARK what they say ? damien nothing yet . ext . cedar sinai hospital - night a SMALL crowd of fan start to arrive . people hold hand outside , praying . faith pull up in a cab . she rush to the front and a cop stop she . cop we be not let any more in . a fan jump in . fan that 's he ex-wife . the cop back away . camera stay with faith . she walk down the hall , shaking . someone at the desk direct she . faith go down another hall . she find everyone in the wait room . faith be he okay ? MARK we be still wait . faith I ... I and Big , we have a stupid argument on the phone . I ... I hang up on he . Mark hug she as she burst out in tear . : MARK it 's okay . it 's okay . 124 . the doctor approach . faith hold she breath . everyone , with look of desperate hope -- . doctor I be very sorry . he 's go . faith crumple . cease hold he head in anguish . puffy punch the wall . damien fall back in a chair , sobbing . Mark nervously grab he cell . his hand be shaking . his whole body be shaking . the tear will not stop . MARK we get to ... we get to tell miss wallace ... he dial and then lose he composure . helplessly , he look at damien . MARK ( cont 'd ) I ... I can not ... damien take the phone . int . voletta 's bedroom - night voletta be sleep when the phone ring . the clock read five - twenty - one a.m . voletta pick up the phone . voletta hello ? damien 's voice ( sobbing ) miss wallace !!! miss wallace !!! camera move in on voletta as the phone drop out of she hand . the screen goe black . ext . frank E. campbell funeral chapel - day the musical score be a instrumental version of '' no woman no cry . '' mourner outside , cry . other sit in limo , ready for biggie 's final ride through Brooklyn . the hearse and limo move out . 125 . int . voletta 's limousine - day voletta sit in the limo between biggie 's child , c.j. and t’yanna . ext . brooklyn bridge - day the hearse and caravan of limo cross the Brooklyn Bridge . and as soon as the motorcade turn the corner , we see they ... a wall of people line the street . homemade sign that say we love you big poppa . we will miss you . the greatest rapper who ever live . close ups . voletta , faith , cease , damien , kim , wayne , chico , MARK , t’yanna , and puffy . they be all move and blow away by what they see . ext . ST . jame place - day biggie 's old block be cramme with so many people that you can not see the sidewalk . people stand on top of car . if nothing else , we see a community . biggie ( v.0 . ) I use to say I be ready to die . but at the time of my death , maybe for the first time ever , I be ready to live . int . voletta 's limousine - day voletta look out of the window , witness this outpour of love . it be reminiscent of Bob marley 's funeral . biggie ( v.0 . ) I go from be chrissy - pooh to biggie small to daddy to ... toa man . that 's something no one can take away from I . that be my great achievement ... tear fall from voletta 's face as she roll down the window , wave to the crowd . they shout out they love and admiration for voletta 's boy , Christopher a.k.a. notorious b.i.g. a.k.a. chrissy - pooh a.k.a. daddy . 126 . the caravan move down the same street that voletta walk with biggie when he be a kid . it pass the Brooklyn apartment at 226 St. James . then someone play '' hypnotize '' from a boom box and it turn into a block party . it 's as if biggie have be resurrected . people be dancing and cheering with tear in there eye . this people here be not broke-down . they legacy of pride be not tremble or hide in shadow . no . they be defiant . determined . they be ... hip hop . high angle of biggie 's block party . biggie ’'s neighborhood . biggie' music . we slowly fade out . sudden silence . and then ... fade in : at 226 Street St. James , we find the real t’yanna and the real c.j. and the real voletta wallace hold up a frame picture of Christopher wallace . biggie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this album be dedicated to all the teacher that tell I I would never amount to nothing ... the '' juicy '' video fill the screen . and biggie small still have we bob we head ... x don't know now you know .