N o T T I N G h I L L screenplay by Richard curtis -------------------------------------------------------------- title ext . various day ' she ' play through the credit . exquisite footage of Anna Scott -- the great movie star of we time -- a ideal -- the perfect star and woman -- she life full of glamour and sophistication and mystery . ext . STREET - day mix through to William , 35 , relaxed , pleasant , informal . we follow he as he walk down portobello Road , carry a load of bread . it be spring . william ( v.o. ) of course , I have see she film and always think she be , well , fabulous -- but , you know , million mile from the world I live in . which be here -- notting Hill -- not a bad place to be ... ext . portobello road - day it 's a full fruit market day . william ( v.o. ) there 's the market on weekday , sell every fruit and vegetable know to man ... ext . portobello road - day a man in denim exit the tattoo studio . william ( v.o. ) the tattoo parlour -- with a guy outside who get drunk and now can not remember why he choose ' I Love Ken ' ... ext . portobello road - day william ( v.o. ) the racial hair - dresser where everyone come out look like the Cookie monster , whether they like it or not ... sure enough , a girl exit with a huge thread blue bouffant . ext . portobello road - saturday william ( v.o. ) then suddenly it 's the weekend , and from break of day , hundred of stall appear out of nowhere , fill portobello Road right up to notting Hill Gate ... a frantic crowded portobello market . william ( v.o. ) ... and thousand of people buy million of antique , some genuine ... the camera finally settles on a stall sell beautiful stain glass window of various size , some feature biblical scene and saint . william ( v.o. ) ... and some not so genuine . ext . golborne road - day william ( v.o. ) and what 's great be that lot of friend have end up in this part of London -- that 's tony , architect turn chef , who recently invest all the money he ever earn in a new restaurant ... shot of tony proudly set out a board outside he restaurant , the sign still be paint . he receive and approve a huge fresh salmon . ext . portobello road - day william ( v.o. ) so this be where I spend my day and year -- in this small village in the middle of a city -- in a house with a blue door that my wife and I buy together ... before she leave I for a man who look like Harrison Ford , only even handsomer ... we arrive outside he blue-door house just off portobello . william ( v.o. ) ... and where I now lead a strange half - life with a lodger call ... int . william' house - day william spike ! the house have far too many thing in it . definitely two - bachelor flat . spike appear . a unusual look fellow . he have unusual hair , unusual facial hair and a unusual welsh accent : very white , as though he flesh have never see the sun . he wear only short . spike even he . hey , you could not help I with a incredibly important decision , could you ? william this be important in comparison to , let 's say , whether they should cancel third world debt ? spike that 's right -- I be at last go out on a date with the great janine and I just want to be sure I have pick the right t-shirt . william what be the choice ? spike well ... wait for it ... ( he pull on a t-shirt ) first there 's this one ... the t-shirt be white with a horrible look plastic alien come out of it , jaw open , blood everywhere . it say ' I Love blood . ' william yes -- might make it hard to strike a really romantic note . spike Point take . he head back up the stair ... talk as he change ... spike I suspect you will prefer the next one . and he re-enter in a white t-shirt , with a large arrow , point down to he fly , say , ' get it here . ' spike cool , huh ? william yes -- she might think you do not have true love on you mind . spike would not want that ... ( and back up he go ) okay -- just one more . he come down wear it . lot of heart , say , ' you be the most beautiful woman in the world . ' william well , yes , that 's perfect . well do . spike thanks . great . wish I luck . william good luck . spike turn and walk upstairs proudly . revealing that on the back of the t-shirt , also print in big letter , be write ' Fancy a fuck ? ' ext . portobello road - day william ( v.o. ) and so it be just another hopeless Wednesday , as I set off through the market to work , little suspect that this be the day which would change my life forever . this be work , by the way , my little travel book shop ... a small unpretentious store ... name ' the Travel Book co . ' william ( v.o. ) ... which , well , sell travel book -- and , to be frank with you , do not always sell many of that . William enter . int . the bookshop - day it be a small shop , slightly chaotic , bookshelve everywhere , with little secret bit round corner with even more book . Martin , William 's sole employee , be wait enthusiastically . he be very keen , a uncrushable optimist . perhaps without cause . a few second later , William stand gloomily behind the desk . william classic . absolutely classic . profit from major sale push -- minus '' $ b!r ( j347 . martin shall I go get a cappuccino ? ease the pain . william yes , better get I a half . all I can afford . marin I get you logic . demi-capu come up . he salute and bolt out the door -- as he do , a woman walk in . we only just glimpse she . cut to William work . he look up casually . and see something . his reaction be hard to read . after a pause ... william can I help you ? it be Anna Scott , the biggest movie star in the world -- here -- in he shop . the most divine , subtle , beautiful woman on earth . when she speak she be very self - assure and self - contain . anna no , thanks . I will just look around . william Fine . she wander over to a shelf as he watch she -- and pick out a quite smart coffee table book . william that book 's really not good -- just in case , you know , browsing turn to buy . you would be waste you money . anna really ? william yes . this one though be ... very good . he pick up a book on the counter . william I think the man who write it have actually be to Turkey , which help . there 's also a very amusing incident with a kebab . anna thanks . I will think about it . William suddenly spy something odd on the small tv monitor beside he . william if you could just give I a second . her eye follow he as he move toward the back of the shop and approach a man in slightly ill-fitting clothes . william Excuse I . thief yes . william bad news . thief what ? william we have get a security camera in this bit of the shop . thief so ? william so , I see you put that book down you trousers . thief what book ? william the one down you trousers . thief I have not get a book down my trousers . william right -- well , then we have something of a impasse . I tell you what -- I will call the police -- and , what can I say ? -- if I be wrong about the whole book - down - the-trouser scenario , I really apologize . thief okay -- what if I do have a book down my trousers ? william well , ideally , when I go back to the desk , you would remove the cadogan guide to Bali from you trousers , and either wipe it and put it back , or buy it . see you in a sec . he return to he desk . in the monitor we just glimpse , as do William , the book come out of the trousers and put back on the shelf . the thief drift out towards the door . Anna , who have observe all this , be look at a blue book on the counter . william sorry about that ... anna no , that 's fine . I be go to steal one myself but now I have change my mind . sign by the author , I see . william yes , we could not stop he . if you can find a unsign copy , it 's worth a absolute fortune . she smile . suddenly the thief be there . thief Excuse I . anna yes . thief can I have you autograph ? anna what 's you name ? thief rufus . she sign he scruffy piece of paper . he try to read it . thief what do it say ? anna well , that 's the signature -- and above , it say ' dear rufus -- you belong in jail . ' thief Nice one . would you like my phone number ? anna tempt but ... no , thank you . thief leave . anna I think I will try this one . she hand William a '' $ b!r ( j20 note and the book he say be rubbish . he talk as he handle the transaction . william oh -- right -- on second thought maybe it be not that bad . actually -- it 's a sort of masterpiece really . none of that childish kebab storey you get in so many travel book this day . and I will throw in one of this for free . he drop in one of the sign book . william very useful for lighting fire , wrapping fish , that sort of thing . she look at he with a slight smile . anna thanks . and leave . she 's out of he life forever . William be a little daze . second later Martin come back in . martin cappuccino as order . william thanks . I do not think you will believe who be just in here . martin who ? someone famous ? but William 's innate natural English discretion take over . william no. no-one -- no-one . they set about drink they coffee . martin would be exciting if someone famous do come into the shop though , would not it ? do you know -- this be pretty incredible actually -- I once see ringo Starr . or at least I think it be ringo . it might have be that break from ' fiddler on the roof , ' toppy . william topol . martin that 's right -- topol . william but ringo Starr do not look anything like topol . martin no , well ... he be quite a long way away . william so it could have be neither of they ? martin I suppose so . william right . it 's not a classic anecdote , be it ? martin not classic , no . Martin shake he head . William drain he cappuccino . william right -- want another one ? martin yes . no , wait -- let 's go crazy -- I will have a orange juice . ext . portobello road - day William set off . int . coffee shop - day William collect he juice in a coffee shop on westbourne Park Road . ext . portobello road - day William swing out of the little shop -- he turn the corner of portobello Road and bump straight into Anna . the orange juice , in its foam cup , fly . it soak Anna . anna oh Jesus . william here , let I help . he grab some paper napkin and start to clean it off -- get far too near she breast in the panic of it ... anna what be you do ?! he jump back . william nothing , nothing ... look , I live just over the street -- you could get clean up . anna no thank you . I need to get my car back . william I also have a phone . I be confident that in five minute we can have you spick and span and back on the street again ... in the non-prostitute sense obviously . in he diffident way , he be confident , despite she be genuinely annoyed . she turn and look at he . anna okay . so what do ' just over the street ' mean -- give it to I in yard . william eighteen yard . that 's my house there . he do not lie -- it be eighteen yard away . she look down . she look up at he . int . william' house - corridor - day they enter . she carry a few stylish bag . william come on in . I will just ... William run in further -- it 's a mess . he kick some old shoe under the stair , bin a unfinish pizza and hide a plate of breakfast in a cupboard . she enter the kitchen . william it 's not that tidy , I fear . and he guide she up the stair , after take the bag of book from she ... william the bathroom be right at the top of the stair and there 's a phone on the desk up there . she head upstairs . int . kitchen - day William be tidy up frantically . then he hear Anna 's foot on the stair . she walk down , wear a short , sparkling black top beneath she leather jacket . with she trainer still on . he be dazzle by the sight of she . william would you like a cup of tea before you go ? anna no thanks . william coffee ? anna no . william Orange juice -- probably not . he move to he very empty fridge -- and offer its only content . william something else cold -- coke , water , some disgusting sugary drink pretend to have something to do with fruit of the forest ? anna really , no . william would you like something to nibble -- apricot , soak in honey -- quite why , no one know -- because it stop they taste of apricot , and make they taste like honey , and if you want honey , you would just buy honey , instead of apricot , but nevertheless -- there we go -- yours if you want they . anna no . william do you always say ' no ' to everything ? pause . she look at he deep . anna no. ( pause ) I better be go . thanks for you help . william you be welcome and , may I also say ... heavenly . it have take a lot to get this out loud . he be not a smooth - talk man . william take my one chance to say it . after you have read that terrible book , you be certainly not go to be come back to the shop . she smile . she 's cool . anna thank you . william yes . well . my pleasure . he guide she towards the door . william Nice to meet you . surreal but nice . in a slightly awkward moment , he show she out the door . he close the door and shake he head in wonder . then ... william ' surreal but nice . ' what be I think ? ... he shake he head again in horror and wander back along the corridor in silence . there 's a knock on the door . he move back , casually ... william come . he open the door . it 's she . william oh hi . forget something ? anna I forget my bag . william oh right . he shoot into the kitchen and pick up the forget shopping bag . then return and hand it to she . william here we go . anna thanks . well ... they stand in that corridor -- in that small space . second time say goodbye . a strange feel of intimacy . she lean forward and she kiss he . total silence . a real sense of the strangeness of that lip , that famous lip on he . they part . william I apologize for the ' surreal but nice ' comment . disaster ... anna do not worry about it . I think the apricot and honey business be the real lowpoint . suddenly there be a click of a key in the lock . william oh my God . my flatmate . I be sorry -- there 's no excuse for he . spike walk in . spike hi. anna hi. william hi. spike walk past unsuspiciously and head into the kitchen . spike I be just go to go into the kitchen to get some food -- and then I be go to tell you a story that will make you ball shrink to the size of raisin . and leave they in the corridor . anna probably best not tell anyone about this . william right . no one . I mean , I will tell myself sometimes but ... do not worry -- I will not believe it . anna bye . and she leave , with just a touch of William 's hand . spike come out of the kitchen , eat something white out of a styrofoam container with a spoon . spike there 's something wrong with this yogurt . william it 's not yogurt -- it 's mayonnaise . spike well , there you go . ( take another big spoonful ) on for a video fest tonight ? I have get some absolute classic . int . william' live room - night the light be off . William and spike on the couch , just the light from the tv play on they face . cut to the tv full screen . there be Anna . she be in a stylish Woody Allen type modern romantic comedy , ' gramercy Park , ' in black and white . int . manhattan art gallery - day Anna 's character -- Woody Anna -- be walk around the gallery with she famous co-star , Michael . they should be the perfect couple , but there be tension . Anna be not happy . michael smile . anna no . michael smile . anna I have get nothing to smile about . michael okay in about 7 second , I be go to ask you to marry I . and after a couple of second -- wow -- she smile . int . william' live room - night spike imagine -- somewhere in the world there 's a man who 's allow to kiss she . william yes , she be fairly fabulous . int . bookshop - day the next day . William and Martin quietly co-exist . a annoy - ing customer enter . Mr. Smith . mr. smith do you have any book by dicken ? william no , we be a travel bookshop . we only sell travel book . mr. smith oh right . how about that new John grisham thriller ? william no , that 's a novel too . mr. smith oh right . have you get a copy of ' winnie the pooh ' ? pause . william Martin -- you customer . martin can I help you ? William look up . at that moment the entire window be suddenly take up by the huge side of a bus , obscure the light -- and entirely cover with a portrait of Anna -- from she new film , ' helix . ' int . william' house - condor / live room - day William head upstairs and pause . spike come down , wear full body scuba diving gear . spike hey . william hi ... int . william' kitchen - day the two of they fix a cup of tea in the kitchen . william just incidentally -- why be you wear that ? spike ahm -- combination of factor really . no clean clothes ... william there never will be , you know , unless you actually clean you clothes . spike right . vicious circle . and then I be like root around in you thing , and find this , and I think -- cool . kind of spacey . ext . william' terrace - day the two of they on the rooftop terrace , pass the day . William be read ' the bookseller . ' the terrace be small and the plant be not great -- but it overlook London in a rather wonderful way . spike still in scuba gear , goggle on . spike there 's something wrong with the goggle though ... william no , they be prescription , so I could see all the fish properly . spike groovy . you should do more of this stuff . william so -- any message ? spike yeh , I write a couple down . william two ? that 's it ? spike you want I to write down all you message ? William close he eye in exasperation . william who be the one you do not write down from ? spike ahm let 's see -- ahm . no. go completely . oh no , wait . there be -- one from you mum : she say do not forget lunch and she leg 's hurt again . william right . no one else ? spike absolutely not . spike lean back and relax . spike though if we be go for this obsessive write - down - all - message thing -- some american girl call Anna call a few day ago . William freeze -- then look at spike . william what do she say ? spike well , it be genuinely bizarre ... she say , hi -- it 's Anna -- and then she say , call I at the ritz -- and then give herself a completely different name . william which be ? spike absolutely no idea . remember one name 's bad enough ... int . william' live room - day William on the phone . we hear the formal man at the other end of the phone . and then intercut with he . william hello . ritz man ( v.o. ) May I help you , sir ? william ahm , look this be a very odd situation . I be a friend of Anna Scott 's -- and she ring I at home the day before yesterday -- and leave a message say she 's stay with you ... int . ritz reception - day ritz man I be sorry , we do not have anyone of that name here , sir . william no , that 's right -- I know that . she say she 's use another name -- but the problem be she leave the message with my flatmate , which be a serious mistake . int . william' live room william ( cont would ) imagine if you will the stupidest person you have ever meet -- be you do that ...? spike happen to be in the foreground of this shot . he 's read - ing a newspaper . ritz man yes , sir . I have he in my mind . william and then double it -- and that be the -- what can I say -- git I be live with and he cannot remember ... spike try ' flintstone . ' william ( to spike ) what ? spike I think she say she name be ' flintstone . ' william do ' flintstone ' mean anything to you ? ritz man I will put you right through , sir . flintstone be indeed the magic word . william oh my God . he practice how to sound . william hello . hi. hi. anna ( v.o. ) hi. we hear she voice -- do not see she . william ( catch out ) oh hi . it 's William thacker . we , ahm I work in a bookshop . anna ( v.o. ) you play it pretty cool here , wait for three day to call . william no , I have never play anything cool in my entire life . spike , who I will stab to death later , never give I the message . anna ( v.o. ) oh -- okay . william perhaps I could drop round for tea or something ? anna ( v.o. ) yeh -- unfortunately , thing be go to be pretty busy , but ... okay , let 's give it a try . four o'clock could be good . william right . great. ( he hang up ) classic . classic . ext . ritz - day William jump off a bus and walk toward the ritz . he carry a small bunch of rose . int . ritz HOTEL - day he approach the lift . at the lift , he push the button and the door open . as he be get in , William be join by a young man . his name be tarquin . william which floor ? tarquin Three . William push the button . they wait for the door to close . int . ritz corridor - day the lift land . William get out . so do tarquin . room 30 - 35 be to the leave . 35 - 39 to the right . William head right . so do tarquin . William be puzzle . he slow down as he approach room 38 . so do tarquin . William spot , so do tarquin . William point at the number . william be you sure you ...? tarquin yes . william oh. right . he knock . a bright , well - tailore american girl open the door . karen hello , I be Karen . sorry -- thing be run a bit late . here 's the thing ... she hand they a very slick , expensively produce press kit , with the poster picture of Anna , for the film ' helix . ' int . the trafalgar suite ante - room - day a few second later -- they enter the main wait room . there be a number of journalist wait for they audience . karen what do you think of the film ? tarquin marvellous . ' Close encounter ' meet ' Jean De florette . ' oscar - win stuff . they both turn to William for he opinion . william I agree . karen I be sorry . I do not get down what magazine you be from . tarquin ' time out . ' karen great . and you ... william ( see it on a coffee table ) ' horse and hound . ' the name 's William whacker . I think she might be expect I . karen okay -- take a seat . I will check . they sit down as Karen go off . tarquin you have bring she flower ? William go for the cover-up . william no -- they be ... for my grandmother . she 's in a hospital nearby . think I would kill two bird with one stone . tarquin I be sorry . which hospital ? pause . he 's in trouble . william do you mind I not say -- it 's a rather distress disease and the name of the hospital rather give it away . tarquin oh sure . of course . karen Mr. thacker . save by the bell . int . trafalgar suit corridor - day karen you have get five minute . he be show in through big golden door . Karen stay outside . int . the trafalgar suite sitting room - day there Anna be , frame in the window . glorious . william hi. anna hello . william I bring this , but clearly ... there be lot of other flower in the room . anna oh no , ho -- this be great . a fair amount of tension . this two people hardly know each other -- and the first and last time they meet , they kiss . william sorry about not ringing back . the whole two - name concept be totally too much for my flatman 's pea-size intellect . anna no , it 's a stupid privacy thing . I always choose a cartoon character -- last time out , I be Mrs. bambi . at which moment Jeremy , Karen 's boss , come in . a fairly grave , authoritative fifty - year - old pr man consulting a list . jeremy everything okay ? anna yes , thanks . jeremy and you be from ' horse and hound ' magazine ? William nod . anna be that so ? William shrug he shoulder . Jeremy settles at a little desk in the corner and make note . a pause . William feel he have to act the part . they sit in chair opposite each other . william so I will just fire away , shall I ? Anna nod . william right . ahm ... the film 's great ... and I just wonder -- whether you ever think of have more ... horse in it ? anna ahm -- well -- we would have like to -- but it be difficult , obviously , be set in space . william obviously . very difficult . Jeremy leave . William put he head in he hand . he be panic . william I be sorry -- I arrive outside -- they thrust this thing into my hand -- I do not know what to do . anna no , it 's my fault , I think this would all be over by now . I just want to sort of apologize for the kissing thing . I seriously do not know what get in to I . I just want to make sure you be fine about it . william absolutely fine about it . re-enter Jeremy . jeremy do remember that miss Scott be also keen to talk about she next project , which be shoot later in the summer . william oh yes -- excellent . ahm -- any horse in that one ? or hound , of course . we reader be equally intrigue by both species . anna it take place on a submarine . william yes. right ... but if there be horse , would you be riding they yourself or would you be get a stunt horse person double sort of thing ? Jeremy exit . william I be just a complete moron . sorry . this be the sort of thing that happen in dream -- not in real life . good dream , obviously -- it 's a dream to see you . anna and what happen next in the dream ? it 's a challenge . william well , I suppose in the dream dream scenario . I just ... ahm , change my personality , because you can do that in dream , and walk across and kiss the girl but you know it will never happen . pause . then they move towards each other when ... Jeremy enter . jeremy time 's up , I be afraid . sorry it be so short . do you get what you want ? william very nearly . jeremy maybe time for one last question ? william right . Jeremy go out -- it 's they last second . william be you busy tonight ? anna yes . they look at each other . Jeremy enter , with another journalist in tow . Anna and William stand and shake hand formally . anna well , it be nice to meet you . surreal but nice . william thank you . you be ' horse and hound 's ' favorite actress . you and Black beauty . tied . int . trafalgar suite corridor - day William exit fairly despondent and head for the door . tarquin be in the corridor call on he mobile phone . tarquin how be she ? william fabulous . tarquin wait a minute -- she take you grandmother 's flower ? William can not think he way out of this . william yes . that 's right . bitch . he turn to go , but be accost by Karen . karen if you would like to come with I we can rush you through the other . william the other ? int . ritz interview room - day karen Mr. thacker 's from ' horse and hound . ' a forty - year- old actor with great presence warmly shake William 's hand . male lead please to meet you . do you like the film ? william ah ... yes , enormously . male lead well , fire away . william right , right . ahm -- do you enjoy make the film ? male lead I do . william any bit in particular ? male lead well , you tell I which bit you like most -- and I will tell you if I enjoy make it . william ahm right , right , I like the bit in space very much . do you enjoy make that bit ? int . ritz interview room - day same room same seat , minute later , with a monolingual foreign actor and a interpreter . william do you identify with the character you be play ? interpreter Te identicaste con el personaje que interpretabas ? foreign actor no . interpreter no . william ah . why not ? interpreter por que no ? foreign actor porque es un robot carnivoro psicopata . interpreter because he be play a psychopathic flesh -eate robot . william classic . int . ritz interview room - day and now William be sit opposite a eleven - year - old american girl . william be this you first film ? girl no -- it 's my 22nd . william of course it be . any favourite among the 22 ? girl work with Leonardo . william Da vinci ? girl Di caprio . william of course . and be he you favourite italian film director ? int . ritz corridor - day William emerge traumatize into the corridor . it be full of camera crew . and there be Karen . karen Mr. thacker ? william ( so weary ) yes ? karen have you get a moment ? int . anna's suite sitting room - day they knock on she door . anna ( v.o. ) come in . William enter . a certain nervousness . they be alone again . anna ahm . that thing I be do tonight -- I be not do it any more . I tell they I have to spend the evening with Britain 's premier equestrian journalist . william oh well , great . perfect . oh no -- shittity brickitty -- it 's my sister 's birthday -- shit -- we be mean to be have dinner . anna okay -- fine . william but no , I be sure I can get out of it . anna no , I mean , if it 's fine with you , I will , you know , be you date . william you will be my date at my little sister 's birthday party ? anna if that 's all right . william I be sure it 's all right . my friend Max be cooking and he 's acknowledge to be the worst cook in the world , but you know , you could hide the food in you handbag or something . anna okay . william okay . int . max and bella' kitchen / live room - night Bella and Max be in the kitchen . max he 's bring a girl ? bella miracles do happen . max do the girl have a name ? bella he would not say . max Christ , what be go on in there ? the oven seem to be smoking a little . then the bell ring . max ( cont would ) oh God . it 's bad timing . Max shoot out of the kitchen . int . max and bella' corridor - night Max head for the door impatiently . he open it and turn back without look at William and Anna stand there . max come on in . vague food crisis . William and Anna move along the corridor to the kitchen . int . max and bella' kitchen / live room - night Bella be there . bella hiya -- sorry -- the guinea fowl be prove more complicated than expect . william he 's cooking guinea fowl ? bella do not even ask . anna hi. bella hi. good Lord -- you be the spitting image of ... william Bella -- this be Anna . bella right. ( pause ) max okay . crisis over . he rise from he stove position . william Max . this be Anna . max hello , Anna ahm ... ( he recognize she -- the word just fall out ) Scott -- have some wine . anna thank you . door bell go . int . max and bella' corridor - night Max open the door -- it be honey . max hi. she do a little pose , have wear a real party dress . max yes , happy birthday . they head back along the corridor . max look , you brother have bring this girl , and ahm ... int . max and bella' kitchen / live room - night they enter the kitchen . honey hi guy . ( see Anna ) oh holy fuck . william hun -- this be Anna . Anna -- this be honey -- she 's my baby sitter . anna hiya . honey oh God this be one of that key moment in life , when it 's possible you can be really , genuinely cool -- and I be go to fail a hundred percent . I absolutely and totally and utterly adore you and I think you be the most beautiful woman in the world and more importantly I genuinely believe and have believe for some time now that we can be best friend . what do you think ? anna ahm ... I think that sound -- you know -- lucky I . happy birthday . she hand she a present . honey oh my God . you give I a present . we be best friend already . marry will -- he 's a really nice guy and then we can be sister . anna I will think about it . the front door bell go . max that will be bernie . he head out into the corridor to the front door . int . max and bella' corridor - night Max open the door . max hello , bernie . bernie I be sorry I be so late . bollockse up at work again , I fear . million down the drain . int . max and bella' kitchen / live room - night they enter the room . max bernie -- this be Anna . bernie hello , Anna . delighted to meet you . do not recognize she -- turn to honey . bernie honey Bunny -- happy birthday to you . ( hand she a present ) it 's a hat . you do not have to wear it or anything . int . max and bella' kitchen / live room - night a minute or two later -- they be stand , drink wine before dinner . bernie with Anna on they own -- William help Max in the kitchen . max you have not sleep with she , have you ? william that be a cheap question and the answer be , of course , no comment . max ' no comment ' mean ' yes . ' william no , it do not . max do you ever masturbate ? william definitely no comment . max you see -- it mean ' yes . ' then on to bernie 's conversation . bernie so tell I Anna -- what do you do ? anna I be a actress . bernie splendid . I be actually in the stock - market , so not really similar field , though I have do some amateur stuff -- p.g. wodehouse , you know -- farce , all that . ' ooh -- careful there , vicar . ' always imagine it 's a pretty tough job , though , act . I mean the wage be a scandal , be not they ? anna well , they can be . bernie I see friend from university -- clever chap -- be in the business longer than you -- they be scraping by on seven , eight thousand a year . it 's no life . what sort of act do you do ? anna film mainly . bernie oh splendid . well do . how 's the pay in movie ? I mean , last film you do , what do you get pay ? anna Fifteen million dollar . bernie right . right . so that 's ... fairly good . on the high side ... have you try the nut ? max right -- I think we be ready . they all move towards the kitchen . anna ( to Bella ) I wonder if you could tell I where the ...? bella oh , it 's just down the corridor on the right . honey I will show you . a moment 's silence as they leave -- then in a split second the other all turn to William . bella quickly , quickly -- talk very quickly what be you do here with Anna Scott ? bernie Anna Scott ? bella yes . bernie the movie star ? bella yup . bernie oh god. oh god. oh goddy god. the horror of he remember conversation slowly unfold . honey re-enter . honey I do not believe it . I walk into the loo with she . I be still talk when she start unbuttone she jeans ... she have to ask I to leave . int . max and bella' conservatory - night a little later . they be sit at dinner . Bella next to Anna . bella what do you think of the guinea fowl ? anna ( whisper ) I be a vegetarian . bella oh God . int . max and bella' conservatory - night move on through the evening -- they be very relaxed , as they eat dinner . a few second watch the evening go well -- Anna be take this in -- real friend -- relaxed -- easy , teasing . and there 's a cake . honey wear bernie 's unsuitable hat . Anna watch William laugh at something and then put he head in he hand with mock shame . int . max and bella' conservatory - night coffee time . max have you here , Anna , firmly establish what I have long suspect , that we really be the most desperate hot of under-achievers . bernie shame ! max I be not say it 's a bad thing , in fact , I think it 's something we should take pride in . I be go to give the last brownie as a prize to the saddest act here . a little pause . then William turn to bernie . william bernie . bernie well , obviously it 's I , be not it -- I work in the City in a job I do not understand and everyone keep get promote above I . I have not have a girlfriend since ... puberty and , well , the long and short of it be , nobody fancy I , and if this cheek get any chubbier , they never will . honey nonsense . I fancy you . or I do before you get so far . max you see -- and unless I be much mistaken , you job still pay you rather a lot of money , while honey here , she earn nothing flog she gut out at London 's seediest record store . honey yes . and I do not have hair -- I have get feather , and I have get funny goggly eye , and I be attract to cruel man and ... no one will ever marry I because my boosy have actually start shrink . max you see -- incredibly sad . bella on the other hand , she best friend be Anna Scott . honey that 's true , I can not deny it . she need I , what can I say ? bella and most of she limb work . whereas I be stick in its thing day and night , in a house full of ramp . and to add insult to serious injury -- I have totally give up smoking , my favourite thing , and the truth be ... we can not have a baby . Dead silence . william Bella . Bella shrug she shoulder . bernie be totally grief-struck . bernie no . not true ... bella c'est la vie ... we be lucky in lot of way , but ... surely it 's worth a brownie . William reach for she hand . Max break the sombre mood . max well , I do not know . look at William . very unsuccessful professionally . divorce . use to be handsome , now kind of squidgy around the edge -- and absolutely certain never to hear from Anna again after she 's hear that he nickname at school be floppy . they all laugh . Anna smile across at William . william so I get the brownie ? max I think you do , yes . anna wait a minute . what about I ? max I be sorry ? you think you deserve the brownie ? anna well ... a shot at it . william you will have to prove it . this be a great brownie and I be go to fight for it . State you claim . anna well , I have be on a diet since I be nineteen , which mean basically I have be hungry for a decade . I have have a sequence of not nice boyfriend -- one of whom hit I : and every time my heart get break it get splash across the newspaper as entertainment . meantime , it cost million to get I look like this ... honey really ? anna really -- and one day , not long from now ... while she say this , quiet settles around the table . the thing be -- she sort of mean it and be open up to they . anna ... my look will go , they will find out I can not act and I will become a sad middle - age woman who look a bit like someone who be famous for a while . silence ... they all look at she ... then . max Nah !!! Nice try , gorgeous -- but you do not fool anyone . the mood be instantly break . they all laugh . william pathetic effort to hog the brownie . int . max and bella' kitchen / live room / corridor - night Anna and William be leave . anna that be such a great evening . max I be delighted . he hold out he hand to shake . she kiss he on the cheek . he stumble back with joy . anna and may I say that 's a gorgeous tie . max now you be lie . anna you be right . I tell you I be bad at act . Max love this . anna ( to Bella ) Lovely to meet you . bella and you . I will wait till you have go before I tell he you be a vegetarian . max no ! anna night , night , honey . honey I be so sorry about the loo thing . I mean to leave but I just ... look , ring I if you need someone to go shopping with . I know lot of nice , cheap place ... not that money necessarily ... ( give up ) nice to meet you . and honey give she a huge hug . anna you too -- from now on you be my style guru . Anna and William head out ... bernie try to save some dignity . bernie Love you work . they move to the door and wave goodbye . ext . max and bella' house - night William and Anna step outside . from inside they hear a massive and hysterical scream of the friend let out they true feeling . William be a little embarrassed . william sorry -- they always do that when I leave the house . the house be in lansdowne Road , on the edge of notting Hill . they walk for a moment . a bit of silence . anna floppy , huh ? william it 's the hair ! it 's to do with the hair . anna why be she in a wheelchair ? william it be a accident -- about eighteen month ago . anna and the pregnancy thing -- be that to do with the accident ? william you know , I be not sure . I do not think they would try for kid before , as fate would have it . they walk in silence for a moment . then ... william would you like to come ... my house be just ...? she smile and shake she head . anna too complicated . william that 's fine . anna busy tomorrow ? william I think you be leave . anna I be . ext . notting hill garden - night a little later in the walk . anna what 's in there ? they be now walk by a five foot railing , with foliage behind it . william garden . all this street round here have this mysterious communal garden in the middle of they . they be like little village . anna let 's go in . william ah no -- that 's the point -- they be private village -- only the people who live round the edge be allow in . anna you abide by rule like that ? william ahm ... her look make it clear that she be wait with interest on the answer to this . william heck no -- other people do -- but not I -- I just do what I want . he rattles the gate , then start he climb -- but do not quite make it , and fall back onto the pavement ... william ( casually ) Whoopsidaisies . anna what do you say ? william nothing . anna yes , you do . william no , I do not . anna you say ' whoopsidaisy . ' tiny pause . william I do not think so . no one have say ' whoopsidaisy , ' do they -- I mean unless they be ... anna there 's no ' unless . ' no one have say " whoopsidaisy " for fifty year and even then it be only little girl with blonde ringlet . william exactly . here we go again . he fail , and unfortunately , spontaneously ... william Whoopsidaisies . they look at each other . william it 's a disease I have get -- it 's a clinical thing . I be take pill and have injection -- it will not last long . anna step aside . she start to climb . william actually be careful Anna -- it 's harder than it look ... but she 's already almost over . william oh no it 's not -- it 's easy . a few second later . Anna jump down into the garden . anna come on , flop . William clamber over with terrible difficulty , dust himself off , and head towards where she stand . william now seriously -- what in the world in this garden could make that ordeal worthwhile ? she lean forward -- and , for the fir time since the first time -- she kiss he . this time a proper kiss . a tiny pause . william Nice garden . ext . magic garden - night they walk around the garden . it 's a moonlit dream . we see the light of the house that surround the garden . they come across a single , simple wooden bench . anna ' for June , who love this garden -- from Joseph who always sit beside she . ' we cut in and see a inscription carve into the wood . she do not read the date , carve below -- ' June wetherby , 1917 - 1992 . ' she be slightly chock by it . anna some people do spend they whole life together . he nod . they be stand on either side of the bench , look at each other . the camera glide away from they , up into the night sky , leave they alone in the garden . Music play . int . william' live room - evening William in a towel rush downstairs , have just have a shower . he shoot past spike . william bollock , bollock , bollock . have you see my glass ? spike no , ' fraid not . william bollock . ( still search -- with no help from spike ) this happen every time I go to the cinema . average day , my glass be everywhere -- everywhere I look , glass . but the moment I need they they disappear . it 's one of life 's real cruelty . spike that 's compare to , like , earthquake in the Far East or testicular cancer ? william oh shit , be that the time ? I have to go . int . william' live room / corridor - evening he sprint downstairs , now fully dress . william ( not meaning it ) thanks for you help on the glass thing . spike ( sincerely ) you be welcome . do you find they ? william sort of . int . cinema - night mid-film . we move across the audience . and there be in the middle of it , we see Anna , watch the screen , and next to she , William , watch the film keenly , through he scuba - diving goggle . int . restaurant - night a very smart japanese restaurant . we see Anna and William sit , near the end of they meal . anna so who leave who ? william she leave I . anna why ? william she see through I . anna uh-oh . that 's not good . we have be aware of the conversation at a nearby table -- now we can hear it . two slightly rowdy man . lawrence no - no- no ! give I Anna Scott any day . William and Anna look at each other . gerald I do not like that last film of hers . fast asleep from the moment the light go down . again -- Anna react . lawrence do not really care what the film be like . any film with she in it -- fine by I . gerald no -- not my type at all really . I prefer that other one -- blonde -- sweet look -- have a orgasm every time you take she out for a cup of coffee . Anna mouth ' meg Ryan . ' lawrence meg Ryan . William and Anna smile -- they be enjoy it . gerald drug-induced , I hear -- I believe she 's actually in rehab as we speak . lawrence whatever , she 's so clearly up for it . Anna 's twinkle fade . lawrence you know -- some girl , they be all ' stay away chum ' but Anna , she 's absolutely gag for it . do you know that in over fifty percent of language the word for " actress " be the same as the word for " prostitute . " this be horrible . lawrence and Anna be you definitive actress -- someone really filthy you can just flip over ... william right , that 's it . he get up and go round the corner to the man . there be in fact four of they , the two meeker man , gavin and Harry , hang on the other guy ' witty word . william I be sorry to disturb you guy but -- lawrence can I help you ? william well , yes , I wish I have not overhear you conversation -- but I do and I just think , you know ... he 's not a very convincing or frightening figure . william ... the person you be talk about be a real person and I think she probably deserve a little bit more consideration , rather than have jerk like you drool over she ... lawrence oh sod off , mate . what be you , she dad ? Anna suddenly appear at he side and whip he away without be recognize . william I be sorry . anna no , that 's fine . I love that you try ... time be I would have do the same . they walk on and then ... anna in fact -- give I a second . and she walk straight back to they table . anna hi. lawrence oh my God ... anna I be sorry about my friend -- he 's very sensitive . lawrence no , look , I be sorry ... anna please , please -- let 's just leave it there . I be sure you mean no harm , and I be sure it be just friendly banter and I be sure you dick be all the size of peanut . a perfect match for the size of you brain . enjoy you meal . the tuna 's really good . and she walk away . Gerald turn to lawrence . gerald you prick . ext . ritz arcade - night they be walk . anna I should not have do that . I should not have do that . william no , you be brilliant anna I be rash and I be stupid and what be I do with you ? william I do not know , I be afraid . anna I do not know either . they have arrive at the end of the arcade . anna here we be . ( pause ) do you want to come up ? william ( he hoe ) there seem to be lot of reason why I should not . anna there be lot of reason . do you want to come up ? his look say yes . anna give I five minute . he watch she go -- and stand in the street . Music play . int . ritz corridor / anna's suite - night William come along the hotel corridor . he knock on the door . anna hiya . there 's something slightly awry . he do not notice . william hi. he kiss she gently on the cheek . william to be able to do that be such a wonderful thing . anna ( pause ) you have get to go . william why ? anna because my boyfriend , who I think be in America , be in fact in the next room . william you boyfriend ? he be duly shocked . she 's try to be calm . anna yes ... jeff ( v.o. ) who be it ? Jeff drift into view behind . he be a very famous film star and look the part -- well build , very handsome . unshaven , he have magic charm , whatever he say . over a t-shirt , he wear a shirt , which he unbutton as he talk . william ahm ... room service . jeff how you do ? I think you guy all wear that penguin coat . william well , yes -- usually -- I would just change to go home -- but I think I would just deal with this final call . jeff oh great . could you do I a favour and try to get we some really cold water up here ? william I will see what I can do . jeff still , not sparkling . william absolutely . Ice cold still water . jeff unless it 's illegal in the UK to serve liquid below room temperature : I do not want you go to jail just to satisfy my whim ... william no , I be sure it will be fine . jeff and maybe you could just adios the dish and empty the trash . william right . and he do just that . scoops up the two use plate and head to the bin . anna really -- do not do that -- I be sure this be not he job . jeff I be sorry . be this a problem ? william ah -- no . it 's fine . jeff what 's you name ? william ahm ... bernie . Jeff slip he a fiver . jeff thank you , bernie. ( to Anna ) hey -- nice surprise , or nasty surprise ? anna Nice surprise . he kiss she . jeff liar. ( to William ) she hate surprise . what be you order ? anna I have not decide . jeff well , do not over - do it . I do not want people say , ' there go that famous actor with the big , fat girlfriend . " he wander off take off he t-shirt . william I better leave . Anna just nod . william -- this be a fairly strange reality to be face with . to be honest , I do not realize ... anna I be sorry ... I do not know what to say . william I think goodbye be traditional . int . ritz corridor - night William walk away . ext . ritz - night William walk down the arcade outside the hotel . he be stunne . ext . london bus - night William sit alone on a bus . we see he through the side window . as it drive away , we see that the whole back of the bus be take up with a huge picture of Anna . int . william' bedroom - night he get into he room and sit on the bed . int . spaceship - night Space Anna , in the very hi-tech environment and a serious mood , fasten the last clasp on she uniform . she take a helmet type thing , and place it on she head . int . connect cinema - night cut round to the coronet cinema where this film be show . it 's not full . the camera move and find , sit on he own ... William . just watch . we see a momentous flash of light from the screen explode , reflect in he eye . int . william' live room - evening William be look out the window , lose in think . spike enter . spike come on -- open up -- this be I -- spikey -- I be in contact with some quite important spiritual vibration . what 's wrong ? spike settles on the arm of a chair . William decide to open up a bit ... william well , okay . there 's this girl ... spike aha ! I would be get a female vibe . good. speak on , dear friend . william she 's someone I just can not -- someone who ... self - evidently can not be mine -- and it 's as if I have take love-heroin -- and now I can not even have it again . I have open pandora 's box . and there 's trouble inside . spike nod thoughtfully . spike yeh . yeh ... tricky ... tricky ... I know a girl at school call pandora ... never get to see she box though . he roar with laughter . William smile . william thanks . yes -- very helpful . int . tony's restaurant - night only two table be be use . William and he friend be on they first course . bernie read a " even Standard , " with a picture of Anna and Jeff at heathrow Airport . max you do not know she have a boyfriend ? william no -- do you ? they look make it obvious that everyone do . william bloody hell , I can not believe it -- my whole life ruin because I do not read ' hello ' magazine . max let 's face fact . this be always a no - go situation . Anna 's a goddess and you know what happen to mortal who get involved with the god . william buggere ? max every time . but do not despair -- I think I have the solution to you problem . william really ? they all look to he for wise word . max her name be tessa and she work in the contract department . the hair , I admit , be unfashionable frizzy -- but she 's as bright as a button and kiss like a nymphomaniac on death row . apparently . int . max and bella' kitchen / live room - night the kitchen . William be look uneasy . a doorbell ring . max now -- try . William nod . Max head off to the door . we stay with William -- and just hear the door open and a voice come down the corridor . tessa ( v.o. ) I get completely lose -- it 's real difficult , be not it ? everything 's get the word ' kensington ' in it -- kensington Park Road , kensington garden , kensington bloody Park garden ... they reach the kitchen . tessa be a lush girl with huge hair . max tessa -- this be Bella my wife . tessa oh hello , you be in a wheelchair . bella that 's right . max and this be William . tessa hello William . Max have tell I everything about you . william ( frighten ) have he ? max wine ? tessa oh yes please . come on , Willie , let 's get sloshed . she turn to take the wine and William have a split second to send a message of panic to Bella . she agree -- it 's bad . int . max and bella' kitchen / conservatory - night Max walk over to the table . honey , Bella , William and another girl . max keziah -- some woodcock ? keziah no , thank you -- I be a fruitarian . max I do not realize that . it be leave to William , who have be set up here , to fill the pause . william and ahm -- what 's a fruitarian exactly ? keziah we believe that fruit and vegetable have feeling so we think cooking be cruel . we only eat thing that have actually fall from the tree or bush -- that be , in fact , dead already . william right . right . interesting stuff . ( pause ) so this carrot ... keziah have be murder , yes . william murdered ? poor carrot . how beastly . int . max and bella' conservatory - night time for coffee and chocolate . beside William sit the final , perfect girl . she be rosie , quite young , smartly dress , open-hearted . it be just Max and William and Bella and she . rosie delicious coffee . max thank you . I be sorry about the lamb . rosie no -- I think it be really , you know , interesting . william interesting mean inedible . rosie really inedible -- yes that 's right . they all laugh . it 's go very well . int . max and bella' corridor - night William be with rosie by the door -- just about to say goodbye . rosie maybe we will meet again some time . william yes . that would be ... great . she kiss he gently on the cheek . he open the door -- she walk out . he shut the door quietly and head back into the live room ... int . max and bella' live room - night Max and Bella wait excitedly . max well ? william she 's perfect , perfect . bella and ? William make a gentle , exasperate gesture , then ... william I think you have forget ... ( he look at they ) what a unusual situation you have here -- to find someone you actually love , who will love you -- the chance be ... always miniscule . look at I -- not count the american -- I have only love two girl in my whole life , both total disaster . max that 's not fair . william no really , one of they marries I and then leave I quick than you can say Indiana Jones -- and the other , who seriously ought to have know better , casually marries my best friend . bella ( pause ) still love you though . william in a depressingly asexual way . bella ( pause ) I never fancie you much actually ... they all roar with laughter . bella I mean I love you -- you be terribly funny . but all that kissing my ear ... william oh no -- this be just get worse . I be go to find myself , 30 year from now , still on this couch . bella do you want to stay ? william why not -- all that await I at home be a masturbate welshman . Music start to play to take we through this silent scene . int . max and bella' live room - night Max lift Bella off she couch and carry she upstairs . mix through -- William sit on the couch downstairs -- eye wide open -- think . int . max and bella' kitchen / live room - day Morning . Max , all in he suit for the city ... Bella kiss he goodbye . William see this from the kitchen . she be also dress for work -- and move back into the kitchen to pack she briefcase with law book from the kitchen table . ext . max and bella' house - day William emerge from the house , a little ruffle from a night away from home , a head off . ext . newsagent - day William walk past the newsagent , head for home . we see , though he do not , a rack of tabloid papers , all of which seem to have very grainy , grab picture of Anna on they front page . headline --' Anna stunna ' -- ' it 's definitely her ! ' and ' Scott of pantartica . ' int . william' bathroom - day William be shave . the bell go . he head out to answer it . ext . / int . william' house - day William arrive at the door and open it . there stand a dark - glass Anna . anna hi. can I come in ? william come in . she move inside . her hair be a mess -- she eye be tired . nothing idealize . int . live room - day the two of they . anna they be take year ago -- I know it be ... well , I be poor and it happen a lot -- that 's not a excuse -- but to make thing worse , it now appear someone be filming I as well . so what be a stupid photo - shoot now look like a porno film . and well ... the picture have be solid and they be everywhere . William shake he head . anna I do not know where to go . the hotel be surround . william this be the place . anna thank you . I be just in London for two day -- but , with you papers , it 's the worse place to be . she 's very shake . anna this be such horrible picture . they be so grainy ... they make I look like ... william do not think about it . we will sort it out . now what would you like -- tea ... bath ...? anna a bath would be great . int . william' corridor - day spike enter through the front door . William do not hear he . spike be read newspaper with the Anna picture in it . spike Christ alive ... brilliant ... fantastic .... magnificent ... he head up the stair . open the bathroom door , walk in . int . william' bathroom - day spike head for the toilet -- undoe he zip ... anna you must be spike . she 's in the bath . spike turn in shock -- and sidle out of the bathroom . int . william' corridor - day spike calm himself down . he then open the bathroom door again -- and look in . int . william' bathroom - day Anna be still lie low in the bath . anna hi. spike just check . int . corridor - day spike come back out into the corridor . look to heaven . spike thank you , God . int . william' kitchen - day William and Anna at the kitchen table , eat toast , dringke tea . anna I be really sorry about last time . he just fly in -- I have no idea -- in fact , I have no idea if he would ever fly in again . william no , that 's fine . it 's not often one have the opportunity to adios the plate of a major Hollywood star . it be a thrill for I . ( she smile . pause ) how be he ? anna I do not know . it get to the point where I could not remember any of the reason I love he . and you ... and love ? william well , there 's a question -- without a interesting answer . anna I have think about you . william oh no no -- no . he do not think she have to talk about this . anna just anytime I have try to keep thing normal with anyone normal -- it 's be a disaster . william I appreciate that absolutely . ( change subject tactfully ) be that the film you be do ? anna yes -- start in L.A. on Tuesday . william would you like I to take you through you line ? anna would you ? it 's all talk , talk , talk . william Hand it over . Basic plot ? anna I be a difficult but brilliant junior officer who in about twenty minute will save the world from nuclear disaster . william well do you . ext . terrace - day a little later . they be in the thick of the script . william ' message from command . would you like they to send in the has ? ' anna ' no , turn over 4 trs 's and tell they we need radar feedback before the kft 's return at 19 hundred -- then inform the Pentagon that we will be need black star cover from ten hundred through 12.15 ' -- and do not you dare say one word about how many mistake I make in that speech or I will pelt you with olive . william ' very well , captain -- I will pass that on straightaway . ' anna ' thank you . ' how many mistake do I make ? william eleven . anna damn . ' and wainwright ... ' william cartwright . anna ' cartwright , wainwright , whatever you name be , I promise little Jimmy I would be home for he birthday -- could you get a message through that I may be a little late . ' william ' certainly . and little johnny ? ' anna my son 's name be johnny ? william yup . anna well , get a message through to he too . william brilliant . ( the scene 's over ) Word perfect I would say . anna what do you think ? william gripping . it 's not Jane austen , it 's not Henry James , but it 's grip . anna you think I should do Henry James instead ? william I be sure you would be great in Henry James . but , you know -- this writer 's pretty damn good too . anna yes -- I mean -- you never get anyone in ' wing of a dove ' have the nerve to say ' inform the Pentagon that we need black star cover . ' william and I think the book be the poorer for it . Anna smile she biggest smile of the day . he be help . int . william' dine room Anna and William . Sat down at table . there 's a picture hang on the wall behind . anna I can not believe you have that picture on you wall . it be a poster of a chagall painting of a float wedding couple , with a goat as company . william you like chagall ? anna I do . it feel like how be in love should be . float through a dark blue sky . william with a goat play a violin . anna yes -- happiness would not be happiness without a violin-playing goat . spike enter with three pizza . spike voila . Carnival calypso , for the Queen of notting Hill -- pepperoni , pineapple and a little more pepperoni . anna fantastic . william I do not mention that Anna 's a vegetarian , do I ? spike ( pause ) I have some parsnip stew from last week . if I just peel the skin off , it will be perfect . int . william' live room - night later in the evening . William and Anna on they own . they be sip coffee . a few second of just co-exist . Anna look up . anna you have get big foot . william yes . always have have . anna you know what they say about man with big foot ? william no . what 's that ? anna Big foot -- large shoe . he laugh . int . william' live room - night a few hour later -- eat ice- cream out of the tub . anna the thing that 's so irritate be that now I be so totally fierce when it come to nudity clause . william you actually have clause in you contact about nudity ? anna definitely . ' you may show the dent at the top of the artist 's buttock -- but neither cheek . in the event of a stunt person be use , the artist must have full consultation . ' william you have a stunt bottom ? anna I could have a stunt bottom , yes . william would you be tempt to go for a slightly better bottom than you own ? anna definitely . ths be important stuff . william it 's one hell of a job . what do you put on you passport ? profession -- mel Gibson 's bottom . anna actually , mel do he own ass work . why would not he ? it 's delicious . william the ice cream or mel Gibson 's bottom ? anna both . int . william' upstair corridor - night they be walk up the stair -- and stop at the top . anna today have ben a good day . which under the circumstance be ... unexpected . william well , thank you . ( awkward pause ) anyway -- time for bed . or ... sofa - bed . anna right . pause . she lean forward , kiss he gently , then step into the bedroom and close the door . int . william' live room - night William downstairs -- on a sofa -- under a duvet . eye open . think . pause and pause . he wait and wait -- the ultimate ' yearn . ' but nothing happen . William get off the sofa decisively . sit on the side of it . then get back in again . pause , pause , then ... in the darkness , a stair creak . there 's someone there . william ( to himself ) oh my God ... ( then ... ) hello . spike hello . I wonder if I could have a little word . he drift round the corner , half - naked . william spike . spike I do not want to interfere , or anything ... but she 's split up from she boy - friend , that 's right be not it ? william maybe . spike and she 's in you house . william yes . spike and you get on very well . william yes . spike well , be not this perhaps a good opportunity to ... slip she one ? william spike . for God 's sake -- she 's in trouble -- get a grip . spike right . right . you think it 's the wrong moment . Fair enough . ( pause ) do you mind if I have a go ? william spike ! spike no -- you be right . william I will talk to you in the morning . spike okay -- okay . might be too late , but okay . back to William think again . dreamy atmosphere . and then ... more footstep on the stair . william oh please sod off . anna okay . william no! no. wait . I ... think you be someone else . I think you be spike . I be delighted you be not . the darkness of the live room . we see Anna in the shadow . int . william' live room - night a few moment later . William and Anna stand in the middle of the room . he kiss she neck . then she shoulder . what a miracle it be just to be able to touch this girl 's skin . then he look at she face . that face . he be suddenly strike by who it be . william wow . anna what ? and then get over it straight away . william nothing . and kiss she . int . william' bedroom - night the middle of the night . they be both asleep -- a yard apart . in sleep , she arm reach out , touch he shoulder and then she wriggle across and re-settle herself , tenderly , right next to he . he be not asleep and know how extraordinary this all be . int . william' bedroom - day the morning . william it still strike I as , well , surreal , that I be allow to see you naked . anna you and every person in this country . william oh God yes -- I be sorry . anna what be it about man and nudity ? particularly breast -- how can you be so interested in they ? william well ... anna no seriously . I mean , they be just breast . every second person in the world have get they ... william more than that actually , when you think about it . you know , meatloaf have a very nice pair ... anna but ... they be odd -look . they be for milk . you mum 's get they . you must have see a thousand of they -- what 's the fuss about ? william ( pause ) actually , I can not think really -- let I just have a quick look ... he look under the sheet at she breast . william no , beat I . she laugh ... anna rita hayworth use to say -- ' they go to bed with gilda -- they wake up with I . ' do you feel that ? william who be gilda ? anna her most famous part -- man go to bed with the dream -- and they do not like it when they wake up with the reality -- do you feel that way with I ? william ( pause ) you be lovelier this morning than you have ever be . anna ( very touch ) oh. she look at he carefully . then leap out of bed . anna I will be back . int . william' bedroom - morning William on the bed . the door open . it be Anna with a tray of toast and tea . anna Breakfast in bed . or lunch , or brunch . she head across . she smile and sit on the bed . anna can I stay a bit longer ? william stay forever . anna damn , I forget the jam . the doorbell go . anna you get the door , I will get the jam . int . / ext . william' corridor - day William head down the corridor and open the door . outside be hundred of paparazzi -- a explosion of camera and question , of noise and light . the press seem to fill the entire street . william Jesus Christ . he come back inside , snap the door behind he . Anna be in the kitchen . anna what ? william do not ask . she head back the corridor , with no suspicion . anna you be up to something ... she think he 's fool around . she open the door , the same explosion . in a split second she 's inside . anna oh my God . and they get a photo of you dress like that ? william undress like this , yes . anna Jesus . int . william' kitchen - day Anna be on the phone . spike be blithely head downstairs to the kitchen in just he underpant . spike Morning , dare one . he do a thumb up to William -- very excited about what he know be a 'result . ' anna ( on the phone ) it 's Anna . the press be here . no , there be hundred of they . my brilliant plan be not so brilliant after all . yeh , I know , I know . just get I out then . ( she hang up ) damnit . she head upstairs . william I would not go outside . spike why not ? william just take my work for it . the moment William go upstairs , spike head for the front door . ext . william' house - day from outside -- we see this scrawny bloke in the frame of the doorway , in he grey underpant . a thousand photo . spike pose athletically . int . william' corridor - day spike close the door and wander along to a mirror in the hall - way , mutter . spike how do I look ? inspect himself . spike not bad . no bad at all . well - choose brief , I would say . chick love grey . mmmmm . Nice firm buttock . int . william' bedroom - day William enter . he 's unhappy for she . she 's almost dress . william how be you do ? anna how do you think I be do ? william I do not know what happen . anna I do . you furry friend think he would make a buck or two tell the papers where I be . she 's pack . william that 's not true . anna really ? the entire british press just wake up this morning and think ' hey -- I know where Anna Scott be . she 's in that house with the blue door in notting Hill . ' and then you go out in you goddamn underwear . spike ( drop in ) I go out in my goddamn underwear too . william get out , spike . ( he do ) I be so sorry . anna this be such a mess . I come to you to protect myself against more crappy gossip and now I be land in it all over again . for God 's sake , I have get a boyfriend . william you do ? it 's a difficult moment -- define where they stand . anna as far as they be concerned I do . and now tomorrow there will be picture of you in every newspaper from here to timbuktu . william I know , I know -- but ... just -- let 's stay calm ... anna you can stay calm -- it 's the perfect situation for you -- minimum input , maximum publicity . everyone you ever bump into will know . ' well do you -- you sleep with that actress -- we have see the picture . ' william that 's spectacularly unfair . anna who know , it may even help business . buy a boring book about Egypt from the guy who screw Anna Scott . she head out . int . stair / live room - day william now stop . stop . I beg you -- calm down . have a cup of tea . anna I do not want a goddamn cup of tea . I want to go home . the doorbell go . william spike , check who that be ... and for God 's sake put some clothes on . spike lean merrily out of the window . spike look like a chauffeur to I . int . william' kitchen / corridor - day they move from the kitchen into the corridor . anna and remember -- spike owe you a expensive dinner . or holiday -- depend if he 's get the brain to get the go rate on betrayal . william that 's not true . and wait a minute ... this be crazy behavior . can not we just laugh about this ? seriously -- in the huge sweep of thing , this stuff do not matter . spike what he 's go to say next be -- there be people starve in the Sudan . william well , there be . and we do not need to go anywhere near that far . my best friend slip -- she slip down - stair , crack she back and she 's in a wheelchair for the rest of she life . all I be ask for be a normal amount of perspective . anna you be right : of course , you be right . it 's just that I have deal with this garbage for ten year now -- you have have it for ten minute . we perspective be different . william I mean -- today 's newspaper will be lining tomorrow 's waste paper bin . anna Excuse I ? william well , you know -- it 's just one day . today 's papers will all have be throw away tomorrow . anna you really do not get it . this story get file . every time anyone write anything about I -- they will dig up this photo . newspaper last forever . I will regret this forever . he take this in . that 's the end . william right . Fine . I will do the opposite , if it 's all right by you -- and always be glad you come . but you be right -- you probably better go . she look at he . the doorbell go again . she open the door . massive noise and photo . outside be she people , include Karen , a chauffeur , two bodyguard . and then the door be shut and they be all go . silence . int . william' kitchen / corridor - day spike and William sit there . pause . william be it you ? spike I suppose I might have tell one or two people down the pub . william right . he put he head in he hand . it 's over now . ext . london - day as full , sad music play -- William begin to walk through notting Hill . this walk take six month ... as he walk , the season actually and magically change , from summer , through autumn and winter , back into spring ... first it be summer -- summer fruit and flower -- a six - month pregnant woman -- honey with another leather - jacket boyfriend . as he walk on the rain start to fall -- he turn up he coat collar -- umbrella appear . follow by winter coat -- chestnut roasting -- Christmas tree on sale and the first hint of snow . then he come to blenheim Crescent , which be startling snowscape , for the hundred yard , right across ladbroke Grove . by the time he reach the purple cafe , the snow be melting and in a few yard , it be spring again . he pass honey again -- argue with she boyfriend , walk away tearful . then turn past ' the pregnant woman ' -- now hold she three - month baby . the camera hold on she . int . bookshop - day a grey day in the bookshop . Martin and William . as ever . a feel that thing in there ever change . ten second pass . honey rush in . spike , still feel in disgrace , come in with she but linger in the doorway . honey have we get something for you . something which will make you love I so much you will want to hug I every single day for the rest of my life . william blimey . what 's that ? honey the phone number of Anna Scott 's agent in London and she agent in New York . you can ring she . you think about she all the time -- now you can ring she ! william well , thanks , that 's great . honey it be great , be not it . see you tonight . hey , marty -- sexy cardy . and she rush out . William look at the piece of paper , fold it and then place it gently in the garbage bin . int . tony's restaurant - night Bella bang a spoon on a wine bottle . all the friend be gather in the restaurant . bella I have a little speech to make -- I will not stand up because I can not ... be bother . exactly a year ago today , this man here start the finest restaurant in London . tony thank you very much . bella unfortunately -- no one ever come to eat here . tony a tiny hiccough . bella and so we must face the fact that from next week , we have to find somewhere near to eat . tony 's brave face break . the dream be over . bella I just want to say to tony -- do not take it personally . the more I think about thing , the more I see no rhyme or reason in life -- no one know why some thing work out , and some thing do not -- why some of we get lucky -- and some of we ... bernie ... get fire . bella no ! bernie yes , they be shifting the whole outfit much more towards the trading side -- and of course ... ( he own up ) I be total crap . they be all rather stunne . tony so we go down together ! a toast to bernie -- the worst stockbroker in the whole world ! they toast he . honey since it 's a evening of announcement ... I have also get one , ahm ... I have decide to get engage . total bewilderment from the other . honey I have find myself a nice , slightly odd look bloke who I know be go to make I happy for the rest of my life . special cut to bernie -- the shot show he have special feeling for honey . william wait a minute -- I be you brother and I do not know anything about this . max be it someone we know ? honey yes . I will keep you inform . as she sit down , honey lean towards spike and whisper . honey by the way -- it 's you . spike I ? honey yes . what do you think ? spike well , yes . groovy . max any more announcement ? william yes -- I feel I must apologize to everyone for my behavior for the last six month . I have , as you know , be slightly down in the mouth . max there 's a understatement . there be dead people on better form . william but I wish to make it clear I have turn a corner and henceforward intend to be impressively happy . int . tony's restaurant - night two hour later . they have have a very good time . there 's be a chocolate cake . lot of alcohol . tony be play ' Blue Moon ' on the piano , and bernie join he , sing . at one table Bella and honey sit -- beer and wine on the table . bella I be really horribly drunk . elsewhere , Max a William be relaxed together . max so -- you have laid the ghost . william I believe I have . max do not give a damn about the famous girl . william no , do not think I do . max which mean you will not be distract by the fact that she 's back in London , grasp she oscar , and to be find filming most day on hampstead heath . he put down a copy of the ' even Standard ' with a picture of Anna on its cover . william ( immediate gloom ) oh God no . max so not over she , in fact . ext . hampstead heath - day cut to the wide sweep of hampstead heath . William entirely alone . he march up a hill ... go over the crest of it -- and see a huge film crew and hundred of extras in front of the radiant white of kenwood House , with its lawn and its lake . ext . kenwood house - day now closer to the house , William approach a barrier -- where he be himself approach . security can I help you ? william yes -- I be look for Anna Scott ... security do she know you be come ? william no , no . she do not . security I be afraid I can not really let you through then , sir . william oh right . I mean , I be a friend -- I be not a lunatic but -- no , you basically ... security ... can not let you through . at that moment -- thirty yard away , William see trailer door open . out of it come Anna -- look extraordinary -- in a velvet dress ; full , beautiful make - up ; rich , extravagant hair . she have a necessary cluster of people about she . Hair , make - up , costume and the third assistant who have collect she . she walk a few yard , and then casually turn she head . and see he . her face register not jut surprise , certainly not a simple smile . his be there be a complicated thing . cut back to he . he do a small wave . she pause as the whole paraphernalia of the upcoming scene pass between they . the movie divide they . but then she begin to walk through it , and follow by she cluster , she make she way towards he . when she reach he , the security guard stand back a pace , and she people hold back . she do not really know what to say ... anna this be certainly ... ah ... william I only find out you be here yesterday . anna I be go to ring ... but ... I do not think you would want to ... the third assistant be under pressure . third Anna . she look around . the poor third be nervous -- and the first be approach . anna ( to William ) it 's not go very well -- and it 's we last day . william absolutely -- you be clearly very busy . anna but ... wait ... there be thing to say . william okay . anna drink tea -- there 's lot of tea . she be sweep away , four people touch she hair and costume . karen come and have a look ... ext . kenwood park - day as they make towards the set ... karen be you a fan of Henry James ? william this be Henry James film ? ext . kenwood house - day a complicated shot be about to happen -- with wave of extras -- and a huge move crane . they end up next to the sound desk . karen this be Harry -- he will give you a pair of headphone so you can hear the dialogue . Harry the sound man be a pleasant , fifty - year - old bald fellow . he hand he the headphone . harry here we go . the volume control be on the side . william that 's great . William , the headphone on , survey the scene -- the cluster be a full 100 yard from the action , to allow a gracious sweeping wide - shot . he watch Anna . she be with she co-star in the Henry James film -- let 's call he James . jame we be live in cloudcuckooland -- we will never get this do today . anna we have to . I have get to be in New York on Thursday . jame oh , stop show off . he study a actress a few yard to the leave . jame God , that 's a enormous arse . anna I be not listen . jame no , but seriously -- it 's not fair -- so many tragic young teenager with anorexia -- and that girl have a arse she could perfectly well share round with at least ten other woman -- and still be beg-bottom . anna I say I be not listen -- and I think , look at something that firm , you and you droopy little excuse for a ' arse ' would be well - advise to keep quiet . back by the desk , William be listen and laugh . that 's he girl . Anna prepare . anna so I ask you when you be go to tell everyone , and you say ...? jame ' tomorrow will be soon enough . ' anna and then I ... right . jame who be that rather difficult chap you be talk to on the way up ? anna oh ... no one ... no one . just some ... guy from the past . I do not know what he 's do here . bit of a awkward situation . ext . hampstead heath - day cut back to William -- he have hear . william of course . he take off the headphone and put they gently down . william thank you . harry anytime . William walk away . the moment of hope be go . he could not have have a clear reminder . int . william' live room - evening William be empty Anna Scott video into a box . spike what 's go on ? william I be go to throw out this old video . spike no . you can not bin this . they be classic . I be not allow this . william right -- let 's talk about rent ... spike let I help . we do not want all this shit clutter up we life . int . backroom of the bookshop - day the next day . William be hard at work , do the account in a dark small room with file in it . Martin pop he head in . martin I have to disturb you when you be cooking the book , but there 's a delivery . william Martin , can not you just deal with this yourself ? martin but it 's not for the shop . it 's for you . william okay . tell I , would I have to pay a wet rag as much as I pay you ? they head out , Martin behind he , incomprehensively rub he hand -- he 's in a very good mood . int . bookshop - day William enter -- and there stand Anna -- in a simple blue skirt and top . anna hi. william hello . anna you disappear . william yes -- I be sorry -- I have to leave ... I do not want to disturb you . anna well ... how have you be ? william Fine . everything much the same . when they change the law spike and I will marry immediately . whereas you ... I have watch in wonder . Award , glory ... anna oh no . it 's all nonsense , believe I . I have no idea how much nonsense it all be -- but nonsense it all be ... ( she 's nervous ) well , yesterday be we last day filming and so I be just off -- but I bring you this from home , and ... it 's quite a big wrap parcel , flat -- 3 foot by 4 foot , lean against a bookshelf . anna I think I would give it to you . william thank you . shall I ... anna no , do not open it yet -- I will be embarrassed . william okay -- well , thank you . I do not know what it 's for . but thank you anyway . anna I actually have it in my apartment in New York and just think you would ... but , when it come to it , I do not know how to call you ... have behave so ... badly , twice . so it 's be just sit in the hotel . but then ... you come , so I figure ... the thing be ... the thing be ... william what 's the thing ? then the door ping . in walk the annoying customer , Mr. Smith . william do not even think about it . go away immediately . Mr. Smith be take aback and therefore completely obedient . mr. smith right . sorry . and he leave . william you be say ... anna yes . the thing be ... I have to go away today but I wonder , if I do not , whether you might let I see you a bit ... or , a lot maybe ... see if you could ... like I again . pause as William take this in . william but yesterday ... that actor ask you who I be ... and you just dismiss I out of hand ... I hear -- you have a microphone ... I have headphone . anna you expect I to tell the truth about my life to the most indiscreet man in England ? Martin edge up . martin Excuse I -- it 's you mother on the phone . william can you tell she I will ring she back . martin I actually try that tack -- but she say you say that before and it 's be twenty - four hour , and she foot that be purple be now a sort of blackish color ... william okay -- perfect timing as ever -- hold the fort for a second will you , Martin ? Martin be leave with Anna . martin can I just say , I think ' ghost ' be a wonderful film . anna be that right ? martin yes ... I have always wonder what Patrick swayze be like in real life . anna I can not say I know Patrick all that well . martin oh dear . he be not friendly during the filming ? anna well , no -- I be sure he be friendly -- to demi Moore -- who act with he in ' ghost . ' she 's kind in here , not sarcastic . martin oh right . right. sorry . always be a bit of a ass . William return a little uneasy . martin anyway ... it 's lovely to meet you . I be a great fan of yours . and demi 's , of course . Martin leave they . william sorry about that . anna that 's fine . there 's always a pause when the jury go out to consider its verdict . she 's await a answer . william Anna . look -- I be a fairly level - head bloke . not often in and out of love . but ... he can not really express what he feel . william ... can I just say ' no ' to you kind request and leave it at that ? anna ... yes , that 's fine . of course . I ... you know ... of course ... I will just ... be get along then ... nice to see you . william the truth be ... he feel he must explain . william ... with you , I be in real danger . it take like a perfect situation , apart from that foul temper of yours -- but my relatively inexperienced heart would , I fear , not recover if I be once again ... cast aside , which I would absolutely expect to be . there be too many picture of you everywhere , too many film . you would go and I would be ... well , buggere , basically . anna I see. ( pause ) that reality be a real ' no , ' be not it ? william I live in notting Hill . you live in beverly Hills . everyone in the world know who you be . my mother have trouble remember my name . anna okay . Fine . fine. good decision . pause . anna the fame thing be not really real , you know . do not forget -- I be also just a girl . stand in front of a boy . ask he to love she . pause . she kiss he on the cheek . anna bye . then turn and leave . leave he . int . tony's restaurant - day the restaurant be in the middle of be deconstruct . the picture be go off the wall -- a kettle on a long extension lead be on the bare table behind . they be all sit there . william what do you think ? good move ? honey good move : when all be say and do , she 's nothing special . I see she take she pants off and I definitely glimpse some cellulite down there . bella good decision . all actress be mad as snake . william tony -- what do you think ? tony never meet she , never want to . william brilliant . Max ? max absolutely . never trust a vegetarian . william great . excellent . thanks . spike enter . spike I be call and I come . what 's up ? honey William have just turn down Anna Scott . spike you daft prick ! Bella be casually look at the painting that sit beside William . it be the original of the chagall , the poster of which be on he wall . bella this painting be not the original , be it ? william yes , I think that one may be . bernie but she say she want to go out with you ? william yes -- sort of ... bernie that 's nice . william what ? bernie well , you know , anybody say they want to go out with you be ... pretty great ... be not it ... william it be sort of sweet actually -- I mean , I know she 's a actress and all that , so she can deliver a line -- but she say that she might be as famous as can be -- but also ... that she be just a girl , stand in front of a boy , ask he to love she . they take in the line . it totally reverse they attitude . a pause . william oh sod a dog . I have make the wrong decision , have not I ? they look at he . spike do a big nod . william Max , how fast be you car ? ext . tony's restaurant - day Max 's car arrive in the street outside . they pile into the car . max if anyone get in we way -- we have small nuclear device . bernie and we intend to use they ! max where 's Bella ? honey she 's not come . max sod that . bernie -- in the back ! he shoot out of he door , rush round and grab Bella out of the chair . max come on , babe . ext . / int . car . stanley crescent / notting hill gate - day Max 's car be shoot up stanley Crescent . we be inside and outside the car . bella where be you go ? max down kensington Church Street , then knightsbridge , then hyde Park corner . bella crazy . go along bayswater ... honey that 's right -- then Park Lane . bernie or you could go right down to cromwell Road , and leave . william no ! suddenly the car slam to a halt . max stop right there ! I will decide the route . all right ? all all right . max James bond never have to put up with this sort of shit . ext . piccadilly - day the car turn illegally right across Piccadilly the wrong way down a one - way street and end up outside the ritz . William sprint into the hotel . bernie follow . bernie bloody hell , this be fun . it . ritz lobby - day william be miss Scott stay here ? it be the same man . ritz man no , sir . william how about miss flintstone ? ritz man no , sir . william or bambi ... or , I do not know , beavis or butthead ? man shake he head . ritz man no , sir . william right . right . Fair enough . thanks . he turn despondent and take two step when the ritz man stop he in he track . ritz man there be a miss Pocahontas in room 126 -- but she check out a hour ago . I believe she 's hold a press conference at the savoy before fly to America . William be very grateful . he kiss the ritz man . bernie 's also gratuful . he kiss he too . bernie we have lift off !! a japanese guest assume this be the way to behave and the ritz man get kiss a third time . ext . london STREET - day the car speed through London . it get totally stick at a junction where no one will let they in . spike bugger this for a bunch of bananas . he get out of the car and boldly stop the traffic come in the opposite direction . we car shoot past he . spike go! they leave he behind . honey lean out the window and shout ... honey you be my hero . spike wave wildly -- he lose concentration and be very nearly hit by a car . ext . the savoy - day they pull to a stop . William leap out . max go! int . the savoy - day William rush up to the main desk . william Excuse I , where 's the press conference ? man at savoy be you a accredite member of the press ? william yes ... he flash a card . man at savoy that 's a blockbuster video membership card , sir . william that 's right ... I work for they in - house magazine . ( mime quotation mark ) ' movie be we business . ' man at savoy I be sorry , sir ... honey shoot into shot , push Bella 's chair . bella he 's with I . man at savoy and you be ? bella write a article about how London hotel treat people in wheelchair . man at savoy of course , madam . it 's in the lancaster room . I be afraid you be very late . honey ( to William ) run ! int . savor room - day William run , search . at last find the room , and enter . int . lancaster room - day huge room -- full of press . row after row of journalist , camera at the front , tv camera at the back . Anna clearly give press conference very rarely , because this one be positively presidential . she sit at a table at the end of the room , beside Karen : on she other side be Jeremy , the pr boss , firmly marshall the question . jeremy yes ... you -- dominic . questioner 1 how much longer be you stay in the UK then ? anna no time at all . I fly out tonight . she 's in a slightly melancholic and therefore honest mood . jeremy which be why we have to round it up now . final question . he point at a journalist he know . questioner 2 be you decision to take a year off anything to do with the rumour about Jeff and he present lead lady ? anna absolutely not . questioner 2 do you believe the rumour ? anna it 's really not my business any more . though I will say , from my experience , that rumour about Jeff ... do tend to be true . they love that answer , and all scribble in they note book . next question come from someone straight right next to William . questioner 3 last time you be here , there be some fairly graphic photograph of you and a young English guy -- so what happen there ? anna he be just a friend -- I think we be still friend . jeremy yes , the gentleman in the pink shirt . he be point straight at William , who have he hand up . william yes -- miss Scott -- be there any circumstance in which you two might be more than just friend ? Anna see who it be ask . anna I hope there might be -- but no , I be assure there be not . william and what would you say ... jeremy no , it 's just one question per person . anna no , let he ... ask away . you be say ? william yes , I just wonder whether if it turn out that this ... person ... other journalist ( to William ) his name be thacker . william thanks . I just wonder if Mr. thacker realize he would be a daft prick and get down on he knee and begge you to reconsider , whether you would ... reconsider . we cut to Max , Bella , bernie and honey , all watch . then back to Anna . anna yes , I be pretty sure I would . william that 's very good news . the reader of ' horse and hound ' will be absolutely delighted . Anna whisper something to Jeremy . jeremy dominic -- if you would like to ask you question again ? questioner 1 yes -- Anna -- how long be you intend to stay here in Britain ? pause . Anna look up at William . he nod . anna indefinitely . they both smile -- suddenly the press get what 's go on -- music -- noise -- they all turn and flash , flash , flash photo of William . Max and Bella kiss . bernie kiss a total stranger . spike finally make it -- he 's bright red from run . spike what happen ? honey it be good . honey hug he . it 's a new experience for spike . cut to William 's face -- flash after flash -- still look at Anna . they be both smile . int . / ext . the hempel zen garden with marqueen - day Anna and William at they wedding -- they kiss and walk into the crowd . honey , a bridesmay in peach satin -- she be surround by at least four other bridesmaid , all under five . nearby , tony stand , glow , beside he fabulous , pyramidical wedding cake . William 's mother be not quite happy with how he 's look . she try to brush he hair . Max , dress in the most devastating bond-like white tuxedo be dance with Anna -- thrilled . he do a rather flashy little move . cut to Bella who be watch and laugh . Martin , in a awkward tweed suit , be jiggling to the beat of a song , entirely happy in the corner . ext . leicester square - night a huge premier -- scream crowd -- Anna and William get out of the car , she hold he hand -- look ultimately gorgeous -- he in a black tie that do not quite fit . he 's startle . ext . garden - day a pretty green communal garden . Children be play , watch by mother , one of whom hold a new baby in a papoose . a very old couple wander along slowly . a small tai chi group move mysteriously . and as the camera glide , it pass a couple sit on a single , simple wooden bench overlook the garden . he be read , she be just look out , totally relaxed , hold he hand , pregnant . it be William and Anna . the end --------------------------------------------------------------