nottingham by ethan reiff & Cyrus veris first draft : 11-13-06 there be two side to every legend ... fade in : ext . castle under siege — night a byzantine fortress overlook the Mediterranean Sea . a full moon illuminate a medieval army complete with a siege tower , catapult and batter ram , ferociously attacking the fortress ... castle marcappus ~ cyprus ~ JULY , 1191 the defender of the castle fight back , but they be outnumbered ten~to-one . the crew of one attacking catapult load up a boulder and prepare to launch . one of they grin as he cup he hand to he mouth and yell up at the Castle wall : cypriot crewman ( in greek with / subtitles ) << herex you dinner , you english bastard | >> the crewman release the trigger mechanism and we follow the boulder as it soar high up into the sky -- but we view shift , leave the boulder to arc over the castle wall as we suddenly plunge straight down into the ground and keep go , drive into the solid dirt , ten foot deep ... twenty ... thirty -~ suddenly bursting upon a underground chamber -— — a tunnel '' oo int . mine ~ under the ground a english nobleman , barely 30 ( middle - age in 12th century term ) , stripped to the waist , cover in dirt and sweat — — but still wear a battle helmet — -- make he way through the torch - lit shadow of the tunnel , ita low roof propped up with rough - hewn wooren post and beam . he 's move fash , but be careful not to spill the water he 's carry in a heavy brass pot ... int . par end of the mine halp-a-dozen english tunnel soldier line the wall of the mine . they be all stripped to the waist , cover in sweat and dirt . ' thay carry eword , mace , flaile , axe and entrenching tool -~ pick and shovel and wooden bucket . none of they look happy -- english soldier Fucking hell . I come on crusade to liberate Jerusalem and touch my hand to the true Cross -- not fight Greeks like a worm under the earth ! the English soldier be suddenly conked on the head from behind -- nobleman ( whispering ) put on you helmet and be quiet . all eye turn to the nobleman -- english soldier ( don he helmet ) yes , six , Sir Robert . sorry , but ~~ the nobleman -- str ROBERT tornham ~~ press he finger to the soldier 's lip and the soldier shut up . tornham move to the end of the mine and set he bucket of water down against the wall -- then can not help but notice the eye of all the Soldiers stare at the water as if it be gold ... he hesitates ~-- then remove he own helmet , dip it into the pot , fill it with water ~~ then pass he helmet to one of the man , motion for he to pass it on down the line ~~ tornbam ( nobleman ) ( whispering ) one sip per man . tornham ' 's water - fill helmet make its way through the rank as he kneel down and stare at the brass pot ... the soldiera keep sipping ... tornham keep stare at the pot , he steel - grey eye narrowing as he study the water ... the soldiere exchange some look ~~ what the hell be tornham do ? finally the first English soldier 's curiosity get the best of he . he silently approach tornham , kneel down beside bim , whisper in he ear english soldier begging you pardon , Sir Robert ~~ but what be you -- ? tornham raise a hand to silence he questioner and keep stare at the water : the surface have ever- so-slightly begin to undulate ... tornham draw he sword , motion to the other to do the game . he take back he battle helmet , fit it on he head ~- the soldier stare at the pot of water -~ watch first in confusion and then with dawn realization as its surface start to sway like a tide - pool -- tornham ( a fierce whisper to the Soldiers ) to arm ! ready yourselves ! tornham 's eye sweep across the muddy wall of the mine , then shoot back to the brass pot of water , then back to the wall , search ~- tornham ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly pointing he sword ) here . all eye lock onto the section of the mine wall where tornham be point -- tornahm ( cont ’d ) torch . everyone snuff there torch , turn the mine pitch black . silence . then the muffled sound of digging , in time to the swaying of the water in the bucket ~~ then a sudden crack in the mine wall ~~ almost exactly where tornham be point ~~ and the glow of torchlight peek through ... the SOUND of voice speak grerbk ... another crack and the mine wall starte to crumble , hand with pick - axre now push through ... the mine wall collapse inward , cypriot knight now push they way through into the shadow -- tornham now ! -- but before the cypriot Knights can react the English tunnel Soldiers be on they , attacking from the darkness at close quarter , slicing with they sword , hacking with they pick , take out they surprised enemy one - by-onel steel flash by torchlight and the cypriot Knights try to fight back , but they be totally unprepare for the English onslaught . the survive cypriot retreat back into they own tunnel , tornham and he fellow English tunnel Soldiers giving chase , yelling guttural battle - cry as they go ! ext .. castle under siege - night the same catapult crew load - up another boulder and the same crewman yell up to the wall : cypriot crewman << OPEN you mouth for dessert , you english bastard { >> the crewman go to fire the catapult -~ but before he can make a move he 's run through with a sword ! Robert tornham yank he blade from the crewman 's chest then lead he scream , bloody and half - naked tunnel soldier out the entrance of the cypriot siege mine in a merciless surprise attack on the entire cypriot army ! up on the parapet of the Castle wall the remain English defender watch and cheer as they comrade proceed to win the battle ... cur to : EST . manorhouse ~ night Close to the edge of a forest sit a cross between a mansion and a castle , wealthy lodging surround by a defensible wall . but there 's no sign of a siege here ... int . manorhouse ~ ntght the great wall be fill with foop and drink , along with music and laughter . it 's a feast for well - to - do noble and knightly family , attend to by a array of male and female servant . a roundel dance be in progress , men and women age 14 and up twirling in each other arme to the flute and drum of the musician and the lilt of the accompany choral 's S voice . of + a good time be be have by all -- but one good - look young man and equally well - — breed young woman , both noble , be dance together and virtually glow with joy . se they exchange a series of look , end with each of they nodding to the other , then take advantage of the crowd to surreptitiously duck outside -~ the Young woman reach out to snatch a goblet of brandywine off a serve tray as she @xltb oes bxt . manorhouse ~ night the Young woman sip from the goblet and make a impromptu sprint for the forest , the Young man give chase ~~ ext . forest ~ night the Young man watch as. the Young woman lean back against a large tree , raise the goblet to she lip and suck it dry . young woman ( feign sadness ) we be out of brandywine . the Young man pin she against the tree , pull off she head - dress , let she hair tumble down onto both they face ~~ young man ( hushed ) oe goo . -- and kiss she . deeper in the forest a stag with a large pair of antler silently watch as the young noble couple begin to make love ... close on the young couple wrapped in each other arm , kissing passionately -- until the SOUND of a breaking branch startles they . they freeze , the Young man peer into the shadewy wood around they ~— the stag emerge from the darkness . the Young woman smile at the noble creature . young woman he 's beautiful . the Young man kiss the Young woman on the neck -- young man so be you . she moan as he move he lip towards she breast -- a sudden high - pitched whistling SOUND fill the night air ~- then a sharp , jag thud . the eye of both the Young man and the Young woman go wide , they breath catch in they throat . a single arrow have go through the Young man 's back and into the Young woman 's chest , impaling they both into the tree . the startle Buck race back into the wood -- leave the young couple freeze together in shock , bleed to death ... cur tos ext . castle marcappus — dawn the last time we see this place it be under attack -- but now it sit calm and peaceful beneath the warm light of a early Mediterranean morning ... int . castle bed - chamber -— barly morning Robert tornham wake , throw off he blanket and sit up in bed —- revealing himself to be completely naked . blink he eye , wipe sleep from they , take a deep breath -- then pull himself out of bed , turn to the East , where the sun have just rise , and kneel in prayer : torneam we Father , who desire that we all be save and give we we daily bread ~- the Holy sacrament for the goul and needful sustenance for the body , for this I confide in you . amen . tornham crise , reach over to a simple night - stand , pour a pitcher of water into a bowl and splashes some on he face . then he wrap 4 piece of white linen around he index finger , dip it fireat into the water , then in a small . tron saucer of salt -- and use it to brush he tebth . when he 's do he cross to the window , undoe a tron bar and open the shutter , allow the sunlight to stream in . he breathes in the morning , open he mouth in a great yawn , then head through a narrow archway and down a narrow stone passage that wind ite way to ... int . brivy chamber - early morning this ie what we now call the toilet . ' tornham ~~ still naked —- sit down to do he business ... while he sit he study a chessboard laid out beside he seat , the piece in the midst of a ongoing game , he think for a moment , make a move ~- then sping the board around , so he 's now play black instead of white -- consider a moment , then make another move ... cur to : int . office chamber - day tornham , now fully dress , enter ~~ and furrow he brow at the surprising sight of he squire , thomas leslie -~ 60 , wise but not wizen , still in impressive shape for he age -- who be in the midst of packing up everything in the room in a secles of bag and box ~~ squire thomas good morning , Sir Robert . I trust you breakfast meet with approval ? can you believe the local on this island prefer cow 's milk on they cereal to wine ? tornham thankfully I have you to protect I from such dire threat . ( ce : the pack ) what in God 's name be you up to ? squire thomas tt seem word of you brilliant counter - mining stratagem and its utter defeat of the rebellious local reach the Royal ear of King Richard -- and his majesty be quite impressed . in fact , he send you 4 personal message to that effect ~~ ( indicate a unroll parchment sit on the desk ) ~~ which I take the liberty of open , not wishing to disturb that blissfully deep slumber of yours tornham shoota the old man a look . tornham people warn I about employ a squire who could read . ( nodd at the parchment on the desk ) ( more ) tornham ( cont would ) so what do King Richard 's congratulatory letter have to do with you pack up all my thing ? squire thomas i'm afraid it 's a '' good news , bad news '' letter , sir . it seem you be no longer the sheriff of cyprus . tornham look at he squire in confusion -~ ' tornham what ? that 's not possible . Richard appoint I for life . ( angrily ) give I that letter . the squire pause he pack , hand yornham the parchment ~~ squire thomas yes , well , that be before he decide to sell the Island and all its content and inhabitant to the Knights templar . now tornham 's confusion turn to total disbelief -- tornham he sell the island ? but we just win a desperate victory over the entire Army of cyprus defend this place for he . squire thomas and do not think he do not appreciate it . that 's where the good news come in ... the squire flip over the parchment and bring tornham 's attention to the write at the bottom of the second page , which carry a embossed royal seal ... squire thomas ( cont 'd ) xou , six Robert tornham , be no longer sheriff of cyprua but ~- thanks to you well - prove loyalty , courage and resourcefulness —- you have just be appoint to be the sheriff ... of Nottingham . tornham looka like someone just throw cold water on he face , I quickly read over both page of parchment for himself ... he do not look happy or sad ~- just stunne . squire thomas ( be : pack it up ) I assume I '1 ] find you chess set in the privy ...? smash CUT to : ext . english countryside ~ day i£ you can call it day , between the grey cloud and drizzling rain . a pair of horsemen gallop they way down the muddy remnant of a dirt road ... it 's tornham and squire Thomas , both of they horse load down with saddlebags of food , clothing and book ... squire thomas ( dry ) . merry old England . just as lovely as I remember it . be not you giad to be home , sir ? tornham do you know where the word '' sarcasm '' come from , Thomas ? squire thomas I believe from the french saalcas mme «a > tormtam »eewho get it from the Latin sarcasmus -~ which get it from the Greek sarkasmos ~- which get it from the ancient Greek sarkazein . De you know what serkazein mean in ancient Greek , Thomas ? squire thomas a ignorant squire such as myself ? of course not , six . please do enlighten I . a awkward beat -~ ornham damm . IL can not remember . but we be nowhere near Greece anymore , ao if you could lessen the amount of ~~ squire ' thomas sarkazein ? 10 . tornham it would be greatly appreciate . the two traveller reach the top of a rise in the road and a urban landscape become visible in the distance laid out below they ... nottingham , england ~ september , 1191 ext . suburb of nottingham — day the road become line with scattered house , which quickly in turn give way to bigger , more expensive and closer - packed house and tavern . the road here bear some traffic , most of it head in the same direction as tornham and squire Thomas : NORTH , towards a tall stone wall which loom in the distance ... outside one of the tavern , a inn - ~ keeper spot tornham and squire Thomas as they approach , emile and call out : inn-keeper good-day to you , good-se ! within this establishment of mine you shall find all manner of comfort , paint chamber and soft bed pile so high with feather mattress you can nearly touch the ceiling with you finger . here be you lodging for love affair -- for you must trust I when I tell you how sweetly become be that lovely damsel who abide within ! sguixe Thomas inspect the tavern ~- several young women poke they head out of the window , some attractive , some not , but all lock weary . torneham I assume you be familiar with the '' diverse ordinance and constituon for the regulation of horrible sin® as enact by we late , great King Henry it , may God bless he memory as he rest in peace ? inn-keeper ( tentatively ) mumm ... I have hear of they . di . tornham seo ... if we be to enter you '' establishment '' we would find no woman reside there whom you charge more than fourteen pence a week for hex room ? inn~keeper ( nervously ) that ordinance be a long time ago ! price rise , the value of money fall . you have to keep up with the market . tornham . Nonetheless , I advise you to lower the rent you charge in accordance with the law of the land . i/ ' 11 send a bailiff by to check -- and i£ you be not in accordance , to levy the appropriate fine . tornham turn he horse round and make for the gate . squire Thomas confide to the inn- keeper -- squire thomas there 's a new sheriff in town . ext . nottingham - MAIN gate ~ day tornham and squire Thomas reach a OPEN pair of massive wooden door set in the stone wall which stretch around the entire perimeter of the CITY . a steady stream of two - way traffic be pass in and out under the watchful gaze of a pair of guardsmen , one of they wave to tornham and squire Thomas : guardsman please identify yourselves , gentleman . tornham start to reply , but squire Thomas jump in first ~~ squire thomas Sir Robert tornham »~ the newly appoint sheriff of Nottingham . the Guards exchange a look and do not seem convinced . tornham reach beneath he suxrcoat , pull out the parchment and show they the embossed royal seal .. 12 . squire thomas I doubt you boy can read but I have faith you can recognize the great . seal of King Richard -- can not you ? the guardsman 's eye go wide and they quickly bow they head to tornham and gesture for he to pass ~- then one begin cring a alarm bell perch atop the gate -~ squire thomas I would advise we both to be prepare for either a shower of rich or a surprise attack , tornham and squire Thomas ride on into the heart of the city . it be a late 12th century metropolis and so far as English city go , second only to London in its population , urbanization and sophistication . before tornham and squire Thomas can get much further up the MAIN road they be suddenly set upon by a nobleman on horseback , accompany by four kwight , all five horseman charging they way through the CITY street , pull they mount to a stop just in front of tornham and he squire ~~ the nobleman -- intense eye , chisele face and chisele body -- nod from atop he horse : nobleman Sir Robert tornham , sheriff of Nottingham , I presume ? I have be expect you . ( pull he horse up alongside tornham , offer hig hand ) guy of gisborne . I have be serve as act sheriff until a royal appointment be make for the office . torneam ( shaking gisborne 's hand ) pleasure to meet you , Sir guy . gisborne ( nobleman ) pardon I for agking , Sir Robert , but ... where be you escort ? you retainer ? squire Thomas clear he throat , raise a hand -~ 13 . squire thomas that would be I . gisborne skeptically eye the old man . gisborne wo offense , Sir Robert -- but one rusty man-atnarm ? it 's insanity . there be murdering thief hide behind every bush in England this day -- especially along the great North Road which you take up from londen . squire Thomas start to reply but tornham cut he off -- tornham all no doubt look to ambush and rob blind every nobleman trot through the wood with a impressive entourage and wagon fill with treasure and finery . ( a beat ) i have get one wagon come with all my belonging and the rest of my retainer . they should be here in the next few day . gisborne acknowledge this with a reluctant nod and indicate a impregnable - look castle atop the bill at the center of the city -- gisborne you office await you in Nottingham Castle . Castle Hill be also the norman section of the city . you will want to stay close after hour . the saxon section be on Saint Mary 's will -~ though there 's not much '' saintly * about at . gisborne continue with the guide tour , he and he knight lead tornham and squire Thomas on through the cry ~~ peasant & townsfolk , lord & lady , knight & servant all go through they daily routine ... 14 . squire thomas ( chime in ) I believe this town be found by some of my saxon ancestor after they invade the island and wrest great swathes of it from the ancient briton who inhabit it at the time . the saxon chieftain in this region be a man name snot and so this place be originally name snottingham . ( whispering to tornham ) sarkagein , gisborne glare at the old squire as tornham suppress a grin -- tornahm ( to gisborne ) what 's the population grow to this day , Sir guy ? gisborne two-thousand give or take . second only to London accord to the latest census . a few less recently thanks to that bastard , Hood . toernham narrow he eye -~- tornham who ? gisborne you have not hear of he ? I be surprised . the riff-raff have start to compose ballad celebrate he various crime , tornham News from Nottingham do not reach all the way to cyprus . gisborne hoed -- rebin of locksley before he turn outlaw -- be a lesser nobleman of saxon descent who hag be robbing , pillaging and now murdering that of Noble birth and norman deacent for the last six month . the serfe and peasant proclaim he some sort of rebel champion . ( more ) gisborne ( cont would ) a hero of the '' common folk '' because he throw they a few penny now and again to keep they mouth shut as to he whereabouts . ( shrugging ) and so long as he only kill wealthy norman the peasant and townsfolk could care less . they blame he murder on the Jews --~ though I have yet to meet a Jew who can shoot a strong bow well enough to kill two people with one arrow . speak of which ... gisborne nod to a run - down section of the CITY , a jewish STAR paint on a old wood sign nail to a post mark the neighborhood . gisborne Saint Nicholas Lane -- the entrance to the jewish quarter . squire thomas God 's choose people . gisborne , more like God 's curse . last year they be burn out of York . most of the survivor come to join they brethren here . they live pile atop one another like rat . tornham sees a board - up synagogue in the distance and nod to gisborne ~~ tornham tf that 's the case , why be they synagogue board up ? gisborne it 's only a few year old . Richard 's new law declare that only that jewish church which stand during he father 's reign could remain open , go we shut thie one down . people say they gather to pray in they butcher shop now —- where it 's easy to slaughter Christian child and collect they blood . fornham exchange a lock with he squire ... 16 . squire thomas no surprise there -- most of what people say be nonsense . cur to : ext , nottingham castle - day the door be open to admit gisborne , tornham and the other . they ride on , through the tunnel -like interior of the castle gatehouse and into ... ext . castle courtyard - day valet take charge of the horse as tornham , gisborne and the rest dismount -— - torneam I would like to see the body . gisborne Excuse I ? tornham the two you say be kill with one arrow . tell I , who raise the hue and cry when they be first discover ? a awkward moment of silence ~~ then Sir guy confess : gisborne to be honest , sheriff --- I do not really know . do it matter ? tornham let it slide and move on tornham the scene of the murder then . 711 have to gee that -- and anything else you have relate to the earlier murder as well . gisborne as you wiwh . still , it seem a waste to I . Dead be dead and the killer be know to all . tornham right . '' Hood '' -~ formerly locksley . well ... I would appreciate it nonetheless . a7 . gisborne stare at tornham for a moment , then sigh =- and smile . gisborne I be actually quite happy to be replace , you know . I be a soldier . War be my vocation . ali this deal with law , inquest , evidence ... it 's quite senseless to I . gisborne nod , bow to tornham and march off ... cur tos int . castle chamber — day tornham and squire Thomas light candle and place they throughout the large stone room ... the door suddenly swing OPEN and half - a- dozen laborer enter carry two large sack -- tornham and the old squire recoil from the smell -~ laborer # 1 where no ya’ want ‘em , sheriff ? fornham point to a large wooden table in the center of the chamber . the laborer sling both linen bag up onto the table , then bow and leave . tornham and squire Thomas quickly tie scarf around they face and approach the bag ... squire thomas only two body , six ? tornham nod as Thomas take out a sheaf of parchment and a quill pen and begin to writ # as tornham speak — ~ tornham gieborne say there be three more before this ~~ each strike down with a aingle arrow ~- but that other have be bury in the earth too long to be of use to ub eee tornhamn unwrap both bag ~~ revealing the still relatively intact . body of the young man and young woman . ' tornham lean close , carefully inspecting both corpse -~ 18 . tornham ( cont ’d ) they both have two wound -~ entry and exit . which would probably place they on top of one another at the time of death . squire thomas I ¢an think of worse way to end one 's existence , sir . tornham do not let a priest hear you say that , Thomas , we existence be not suppose to end with death . tornham sees something on the Young man 's face -- a substance which he carefully scrape off with he fingernail and set aside in a SMALL BOWL . he inspecte the body of the Young woman , find some on she lifeless face as well . squire thomas what 's that , sir ? tornham beeswax , tornham search through the rest of the bag ~~ nothing , just the body . tornham dammit . not a stitch of clothing . or the arrow . squire thomas they must have declare the murder weapon a deodand ~~ tornham ~~ a '' donation the God , '' and seld it off to the high bidder , yes . and the clothes be probably burn ~~ squire thomas to keep theix immortal soul from get stick inside a tunic or gown en route to heaven . happens all the time -- or so the priest would say . 19 . tornham ogrow angry ) this fool do not bother to record who discover the body , hold a proper inquest or preserve any evidence . how be we to solve this heinous crime when all the evidence be go ? squire thomas ( shrugging ) six guy do not seem to believe there be anything to solve , sir . tornham throw the sackcloth back over the body in frustration ~~ tornham Hood . cur to : ext . forest - day the edge of the wood surround the manorhouse where the Young couple be kill . gisborne , tornham and squire Thomas ride up on horseback , gisborne in the lead -~ gisborne this be the place . tornham and squire Thomas dismount , gisborne watch from atop bis horse . gisborne ( cont 'd ) it 's be week . in im sure the rain have wash away all trace ef blood and gore ... if that be what you hope to find . tornham doesn 's : reply . instead he carefully inspect the area -- especially the trunk of a large tren jutting from the ground . gisborne he hide in this wood , you know . tormham , neye still on the tree trunk ) who ? 20 . gisborne Hood . he have some four-score man who follow he -- and they lurk behind this very tree , camouflage in lincoln Green . they wait for unsuspecting fool to provide they with sport , then disappear into the greenwood like the moon on a cloudy night . close on the tree trunk a deep gash visible in the bark -- tornham the young lover . they be impale on this tree , be they not ? here 's the spot where the arrow hit , one arrow -- through the back -- blood , tissue , bone -~ - and it keep go , through more flesh and bone , out another back -~ imbed in this tree . ( chew on he lip ) it would take at least a 150 pound pull to penetrate all that . and definitely a armor-piercing bodkin -- no standard arrow could do this . and the shooter would have to be close . gisborne if you say so , sheriff . my weapon of choice be the sword . tornham ( explain ) a upright bow be accurate up to 400 yard but kill range be less than balf that . Richard 's foot ~ soldier prefer more modern crossbow but some still use this traditional weapon . I have see it often in France , Italy and cyprus -~- though I have never be particularly handy with a bow either . my weapon of choice be algo the blade . tornham motion for he squire ~~ tornham Thomas -- rope please . al . squire Thomas nod , quickly retrieve a bundle of thin rope from a saddlebag and hold one end up to the arrow - gash in the tree-trunk . tornham estimate the angle of FIRE , take the rope in he hand and walk off through the foliage , trailing the rope tautly behind he as he jock . oe tornham keep walk until he way be blocked by another tree -— roughly 75 yard away from the murder site . gisberne turn to squire Thomas : gisborne what in God 's name be he do ? squire thomas try to discover exactly where the murderer stand when he fire the shot . tornham turne and stare back through the foliage ~~ he have a perfect sight - line to the tree where the Young couple be kill . tornham rejoin gisborne and squire Thomas --- tornham ( point to the manorhouse ) who life there ? gisborne Lord fitawater . it be he party the unfortunate young couple wander off from that night . tornham what be the occasion ? gisborne his daughter , marian . she sit at home each night , waste she beautiful young life away wait for she lover to return . I believe she father be try to distract she . remind ber there be other bird in the bush and bee in the hive . encourage she to move on . tornham who 's the man who command such undy loyalty ? gisborne ( tight } her lover be Robin of locksley . 22 . tornham and squire Thomas exchange a look -~ this be get more interesting by the moment ... CUT to : int . ST . JOHN ‘’s. hospital - day no doctor or surgical facility -- in fact it 's closer to a modern homeless shelter or halfway house than a medical facility . the inmate include a mix of the old , the destitute and the disabled -- ag well as able-body but impoverish wayfarer and that local sick too ill to care for themselves and too poor to afford a doctor . there be also one last category of inmate : the mentally deranged -~ one of whom have be ferociously tear at he side deep enough to draw blood with he long fingernails : madman stay away from I , you temptress of abomination ! a young lady volunteer be try to settle he down . her face have a fiery beauty but she eye be much calmer , much older , perhaps even a little wise — -~ lady volunteer master Haley , I be not here to tempt you but to tend to you . before it can do so you must return to you bed , take a breath and relax . he scamper away and throws thing to block she approach -- madman haley call a monk ! I want a good son of adam ministering to I , not a vain daughter of eve ! the Lady volunteer make a grab for the madman but he scamper away again , this time climbing atop a bed bear a crippled young man use a fork to feed himsel£ junch ~— madman haley ( tear at bis side more forcefully ) God rip I and every man asunder in order to create you harlot ! understand suddenly dawns on the Lady volunteer 's face ~~ 23 . lady volunteer ripped asunder ? you speak of Adam 's rib ? madman haley of course ! on account of you we be incomplete , hollow and empty inside ! the Lady stare up at the madman for a moment , then calmly smile up at hime lady volunteer shall I tell you what the reverend master Peter lombard , a good son of Adam and a great man indeed , have the say on this very same subject ? madman haley '' lombard '' ? be he italian ? I do like italian wine . lady volunteer ( move closer and closer to he as she speak ) well it be he view that God make a most perfect selection when he choose Adam 's rib for the creation of eve. God do not make woman from Adam 's head , for she be not . intend to be he ruler , nor from he foot , for she be not intend to be he slave , but from he side -- for she be intend to be he companion and he friend . not to make he hollow and empty as you claim , but complete and whole . the final masterpiece of creation . by now the Lady be stand smack in front of the madman on top of the bed ~- but he demeanor have change and he remain quite calm . he ponder something for a moment , then shake hie head : madman haley that italian may know wine but they do not know woman . ( go ice cold ) i gay all you heartless witch deserve to die . madman Haley suddenly snatch the fork out of the cripple Young man 's hand and go to stab the Lady with it ! 24 , but she manage to grab a pillow off the bed and use it to block the thrust ! the rest of the inmate watch in shock and disbelief from they bed as the Lady and the madman fight tooth and nail for the fork -- a strong arm suddenly wrap itself around the madman 's neck and yank he off the lady and off the bed -~ — it 's tormham . he hold madman Haley flail wildly in he arm for a moment , then pound a fist into the back of he head , knock he unconscious , and let he drop to the floor . lady volunteer what. have you do ?! without skip a beat , the Lady go to madman Haley 's side and examine he with gentle concern ... tornham what have I do ? milady , be you ~~ lady volunteer it be not you lady and z do not appreciate you '' heroic rescue . '' now come help I get this poor man back inte he bed ! tornham do as he 's tell and together he and the Lady carry the madman over to he empty bed and lay he down on it . the _thady instantly start tend to madman Haley 's self - inflicted wound , use clean water , balm and bandage ... lady volunteer he have for some time be fall out . of he right mind and I assure you that beat on he like a animal will not restore he wit . tornham tt be not he wit I be concerned with restore but you safety , ma‘am . , forgive I if I have offended you but I believe most man in my position would have be far less merciful and xun the maniac through with they sword . lady volunteer on the road or in the forest perhaps ~~ but not in a hospital . ( more ) 28 . lady volunteer ( cont would ) there be different . rule of behavior here . the Lady suddenly lift she eye from the madman 's wound and really look at tornham for the first time ... lady volunteer do I know you ? tornham look back at she ... tornham no. dady volunteer ( turn she eye back to the patient ) good . tornham stand there rather uncomfortably , aware of be watch by all the other inmate while the Lady volunteer keepe tend to the unconscious madman . tornham clear he throat tornham ma ’am , you do not know I but I be in fact here to see you . lady volunteer be you destitute ? tornham no. lady volunteer cripple ? tornham , ( anney ) no . lady volunteer lill -- but witheut mean to afford @ iearn doctor 's care ? tornham ( really annoyed ) io . dady volunteer then T be afraid we have no facility to serve you . 26 . tornham ( lose he patience ) I be not here for you service , woman -- but for mine . I be Sir Robert tornham , newly - appoint sheriff of this city of Nottingham ~~ and I must speak with you on sheriff 's business . ( a sudden afterthought ) you be maid marian fitzwater , be you not ? maid marian ~~ the Lady -~ give he a lool : marian ( lady volunteer ) how do you guess ? tornham I be tell you be most uncommonly devote to you work . {a beat ) now , if you have finish bind you maniac 's wound , I suggest we find someplace less crowded with the infirm and impoverish to talk . marian study tornham , consider he word ... curt to : ext . ST . john' hospital - day tornham watch as marian tend with a spade to a large garden on the Hospital grounds . it 's fill with flower bed , fruit tree , vegetable and herb -- tornham you garden be beautiful . martian thank you . tornham and no doubt totally unappreciate by the lunatic inside . maxian shoot he a look , piss . 27 . marian but it igs well appreciate by the great majority of patient who be not mad but simply poor and homeless -~- and even the mad appreciate the power of the medicinal herb to lessen they affliction . {a beat ) please ask you question and go . tornham bite back some bile , proceed : tornham I be tell the Hospital staff here dip they own candle ... marian ( nodd ) I doit . it 's much cheaper that way ~~ as long as you know what you be do . though I do not see why it would be of concern to you . tornham it 's be my experience that during criminal inguiry , such small detail invariably help reveal that which would otherwise remain hide . ( a beat ) you be a ... friend of the outlaw Robin Hood , know in he previous life as six Robin of locksley . martian be that a question ? torndam no , ma‘am , it 's a etatement of fact -- ig it not ? martan not quite . I be actually hig fiancee . tornham try to bide he surprise -~ but fail . marian ( cont *d ) we be just about to marry when he be unjuetly outlaw . ( more ) 28 . marian ( cont ’d ) we decide to postpone the marriage until he good name be exonerate and he land and title restore by good King Richard . ( a beat ) it be Robin 's idea . he want to wait until he could provide a normal life for we —- be a proper - husband . tornham 80 you be wait for Richard to return from the crusade ? do not hold you breath . marian shoot he another look . marian clearly you know nothing of love , sheriff . of the sacrifice a person can make in ite name . tornham shrug . tornham I know a good deal about love ~~ but what I love be justice . and I be prepare to make sacrifice in its name . marian keep glaring up at the sheriff -- marian I have to go . ( stand up ) my patient need I . torneam you say he be '' unjustly '' outlaw ? martan he come to the defense of a miller who have kill one of the king 's deer to feed he starve family . the miller be execute and Robin sentence to be blind for have defend he . he fle to the forest . torneham and begin take bis revenge upon the noble who ruin he privileged life by hunt they -~ the way the miller hunt the king 's deer . ( more ) tornham ( cont would ) {a beat ) do you still see he ? marian do not reply ~- instead she turn and head back inside the hospital . tornham just watch she go ... and sigh . she be guite beautiful . tornham ( to himself ) I could just torture it out of you , you know . cur tos eat . nottingham - MAIN gate — day the guardsman share a flask and watch over the hustle and bustle of the city -- until suddenly several horse come charge towards the gate ... guardsman what the hell ...? each horse have a rider -- but they be all naked , tie across they horse 's back ! cur to : ext . nottingham castle courtyard - day the naked rider -- tornham 's retainer & escort , all of they bruise , batter and bloady -~ be be untied from they horse by the Guards . tornham and squire Thomas arrive , follow by gisborne and a couple of he Knights ~-- torneam what happen ? retainer # 1 outlaw , sir . all dress in green , blend right inte the tree they do . retainer # 2 ambushed we , steal the wagon , all you baggage -- steal everything . escort ( nursing a bloody wrist ) be not sneaky about it either . leader be a real braggart . ( more ) 30 . escort ( cont would ) call himself '' Hood '' and say he do not care who know it . gisborne smile at tornham -- '' I tell you so . '' tornham take a deep breath . turn to squire Thomas , tense -- tornham my chess set . tell I you take it with we . the old man shrug apoloegetically -- squire thomas I , um ... J think it be less likely to be lose or damage if I leave it in the wagon , sir . tornham nod . tries to get control of he anger . tornham ( to he man ) anyone besides Jack injure ? the retainer exchange look , shake they head . tornham turn to gisborne ~~ tornham this man will be join the castle garrison . see to it that they be clean up , get they hot food , any medical attention they need and show they to they quarter . . squire thomas ( chime in ) we will get they some clothes as well . tornham shoot bis old squire a look , then march back inside , visibly upset ... cur tos s&t. suburb of nottingham ~ day a commotion have begin . people be gathering and a palpable excitement be in the air and now we see what it 's about : 31 . a vast procession be approach the outskirt of the city -- it 's a royal household travel on horseback and in wagon , everything from cook and butler to priest and counselor , carry they pack - up kitchen , bed , desk and document with they , all watch over by a atrong force of foreign mercenary knight . up at the very front a herald announce : herald make way for he grace prince JOHN ! prince JOHN wear a modest crown on he head and a well - trim beard on he youthful 25 year - old face . he be one of the most powerful man in bngland and not at all bad look ~- but bitterness and insecurity fill most of the space where he confidence should be . he flash insincere smile at he gather subject as they wave and cheer and cali , he by name -- though when the subject in question be a attractive woman or girl he smile grow more heartfelt . Riding beside John be eleanor of aquitaine ~- who have remain the queen of england , despite the fact that she son Richard ~- the absent King -- be marry to a queen of he own . at age 72 she be still strikingly attractive and a excellent horsewoman . Prince John grin at hig mother : prince JOHN do you hear they ? can anyone dispute that I be love by my people ? queen eleanor Love be a fine thing , my son -~ but sword be more dependable , castle more defensible and gold more easily transferable . smash CUT to : es ?. forest - dawn & sun - dapple glade deep in the greenwood . the same powerful stag present at the double - murder scene cautiously emerge from behind a wall of tree and bush . he cock he head with they huge antler and listen for a moment -~ then race off at top speedo deeper into the forest ... the piercing note of a horn echoe amongst the tree ~~ ~~ then a pack of bloodhound come charging after the stag , barking like mad ~~ 32 , -- and a half - dozen horsemen come crashing out of the tree behind the dog . Prince John be in the lead and with he be the most powerful noble men and women from he household and the Nottingham area ~~ include guy of gisborne , sheriff tornham , Queen Eleanor and Lady marian , escort by a strong force of royal guard ... ext . deeper in the forest ~ day the stag pause where several thick oak have be uproote by storm and form a forest cave , complete with a narrow , shadowy entrance ... ext . forest ~ day Prince John lead the hunt deeper into the wood at full tilt -- ext . deeper in the forest ~ day the pack of hound reach the fallen oak cave and freeze in they track , sniffing around the shadowy entrance -- Prince John and he hunt party gallop up and rein in they horse . a moment later the dog keeper arrive on foot -- dog keeper the hound have he , you Grace ! prince JOHN ( smile to he fellow hunter ) question be ~- which of we noble hound will have he blood ? Prince John draw a pair of danish throwing axe from he saddle , dismount and carefully approach the oak cave . the other noblemen all draw axe , spear or bow and dismount as well ~~ gisborne take care , you Grace , a cornere beast be the most dangerous of all . prince JOHN true , six guy . but no beast have escape my axe yet ... suddenly something crash out of the oak cave -- not the stag , but a wild boar who use the cave as he lair ! the boar charge straight at prince JOHN ! the Prince freeze in fear -- 33 . -- but tornham rush over and impale the beast on he spear ! the huge boar struggle ferociously , yanking the spear out of tornham' grasp and goer for JOHN again ~ ~ -- but just before he be upon the Prince another member of the hunting Party launch a arrow straight between the boar 's eye , killing he instantly ! the archer be Lady marian . everyone breathes a huge sigh of relief as the boar collapse in a heap . Prince John steady he nerve -- then force a thankful grin to marian and tornham . prince JOHN Lady -~ six . my deep thanks . Queen eleaner and the other Lady hunters ride up . the Queen quickly take in the scene ~~ queen eleanor be you all right , John ? John struggle to keep he anger in check -- prince JOHN never better , thank you , mother . Prince John suddenly draw he sword and hack away at the dead boar , aplatter himself with blood . he wipe he face , sheathes he sword and raise up tbe boar' decapttate head ~~ prince JOHN a fine trophy indeed -- ( to marian ) ~~ for you , milady . martian that 's ... very kind of you , you Grace ~~ but T could not , veally . the walle of my father 's home be already crowded with too many of its like . prince JOHN toheld the head out to tornham ) ( more ) 34 , prince JOHN ( cont would ) then you , Sir Robert -- a freshly - butcher beast for a freshly — appoint sheriff . what could be more fitting ? tornham stand there uncomfortably for a long moment , all eye on he ~~ then decide to '' go with the flow of blood '' soa to speak , take the head from Prince John 's bloody hand , smile humbly and bow -~ tornham I can not think of a thing , you Grace . prince JOHN good . ( glance at all the dead boar ) now , as my mother know well , I always choose venison over pork ~- so the hunt must go on ! tornham hand the severe boar' head over to one of the Royal Guards , then mount up ... CUT to : ext . sherwood forest ~ royal hunting lodge -— day Prince John 's mercenary stand guard outside a rustic cabin , watch over the hunting party as its honore member relax and recover from they strenuous activity . the honore guest be waited on by servant who busy themselves roasting and serving choice cut of freshly kill game . a tall , brawny king forester clad in leather and animal . hide impale the severe boar 's head atop a sharpened stake . a moment . later Prince John emerge from the Lodge , have exchange he blood - drench clothes for fresh and even more stylish garment . John approach the Forester , wha bow he head and step away , leave jobn to stare into the dead eyb of the severe boar 's head . John spota tornham in the crowd and gesture to he . tornham approach ... prince JOHN walk with I , sheriff . tornham fall in beside the Prince as he make he way through the hunting camp , emile and wave to he guest as he go ... 35 . prince JOHN tell I , Sir Robert -- why do you think you be the sheriff of Nottingham ? tornham ( slightly confuse ) because ... you brother the King choose I . prince JOHN wrong . {a beat ) God stay in heaven and the Devil in hell and a king of England can not rule he kingdom from cyprus ~~ ox Jerusalem . you be sheriff because I choose to let you be . you have some reputation as a able man of both action and intellect . I have hear you share my own interest in administration and law , unlike my brother -- whose interest , as you must know , be limited to war and poetry . make yourself useful to I today , while I rule England in he absence , and there be no limit to what may be in store for you tomorrow . John give tornham a affectionate slap on the back , then spot a attractive noblewoman amongst the guest , turn from tornham and make a bee~line to embrace she ... tornham glance around , spote marian speak with the King 's Forester by the impale boar 's bead , ' tornham walk over — ~ tornham remarkable shot . do locksley teach you ? the King 's Forester glare at tornham ~- king forester i teach she , sir . martian ( introduce the Forester ) my uncle , Hugh fitzwater -- the King 's Forester . 36 . tornham ( impressed ) lucky for his Grace , Prince John . king forester ( with concern , re : the gather Royal panoply ) T hope you do not plan on this party last past sunset . tornham I be well aware of the security issue involved . we shall be go long before then . king forester good . hugh give tornham a curt nod of deference and march off . martan archery 's not the only thing I be good at , sheriff ... tornham watch marian stride over to where he horse be tethere , unfasten its rein and mount up — ~ marian ( cont 'd ) I be also quite the horsewoman . with thet , marian spur she horge and gallop away from the hunting Party , past the Royal escort and off into the forest . tornham frantically mount up on he own horse and gallop after her ~~ martan vide deeper and deeper into the wood all alone ~~ until tornham catch up with she ... tornbam Lady marian ! T do not know what you be do but that 's enough of it ! we must . turn round and return the the hunting Lodge ! martan must we ? I know sherwood as well as I know my father 's house ! 37 . suddenly the stag leap out from behind some bushes , then take off at a dead run ! marian there ! marian charge she horse after the buck ! tornham race he horse after she , try to catch up — — but she 's get a head start and she know this wood better than he do , zigging and zagging she way through the tree , bear dewn on the deer ~~ tornham start to fall behind , only catch glimpse of marian through the thick foliage as she gallop after the deer ~~ he crash through a tangle of heavy branch and suddenly reign he horse to a stop -- marian be go . torneham Pam . tornham let out a sigh of frustration , ride deeper into the woo ds , search for any sign of marian or the hunting Party . oe still nothing . and now he 's come to the realization that he 's lose . he rein in he horse , curse under he breath -- then cup he hand to he lip and call out : tornbam marian ! wo reply . torphem raise he hunting morm to he lip to blow a signal — ~ ~~ but the bear be sudden ) y shot out of hts hand by a arrow ! tornham spin he horse around in shock and surprise and go for he sword -- ~ ~ but another arrow cleave the saddle - strap off thre belly of kis horse , send he sliding bard to the ground , lose he grip on he sword as he horse neigh in fright and gallop off into the wood ! 38 . stun , tornham pull himself to he foot , search the ground for he sword -~ then freeze . hear something rustling amongst the tree ... suddenly a pack of hooded and masked men in GREEN and brown come leaping down at tornham from out of the tree above ! tornham start running through the wood , the hooded men chasing after he ! tornham sprint as fast as he can , suddenly skid to a halt as another pack of hooded men emerge from amidst the tree in front of he , cut off he escape ! he spin and tear off in yet another direction , the two band of hood Men joining up and chasing after he ! tornham suddenly fall through the ground into a deadfall pit -~ a deep hidden hole cover over with break branch and gras¢ ! the pack of hood Men ~- they face camouflaged with dry mud and lime -- converge on the deadfall , grip sword and axe -- ~~ suddenly tornham 's hand stab up out of the pit , grab one of the hood Men by the ankle and yank he into the hole ! tornham be clinging precariously to the edge of the pit with one hand and use the other to grab another startle hood man and drag he down into the pit also ! tornham pull himself out of the hole and knock a third hooded man into the pit before he remain enemy converge on he — ~ fornham be outnumber but fight like a professional soldier , donging they sword thrust , look for he open and take it , use he hand as brutal weapon , break nose , bruise throat , snap wrist and arm with violent efficiency ! tornhan suddenly sees something -- it 's hie horse , lese than 50 yard away , stand there , confuse . tornham raise two fingere to he lip , whistle ~~ the horse start to gallop towards tormham — ~ tornham pound across the forest floor , running as fast as he can towards he approach horse , glance back over he shoulder to see he ig again be chase by the remaining hooded men } 39 . tornham reach he horse , leap onto itas bare back , grab the rein , spin the animal around and ride away from the hood Men , galloping off to safety --- ~~ just as a arrow suddenly whistle through the AIR and barely miss he ! but the arrow be not aim at he and go on to hit its target by slicing through a rope attach to some sort of rigging up in the branch — ~ -- which release a huge log hide in the tree above and send it swinging right for tornham —- -- who be knocked right off he horse by the swinging log — trap ! he fly backward through the atr and land hard on the ground . fornham -- barely conscious , the wind knock out of he -~ stare up at the tree and spie a hood man perch on a branch with a strong - bow in he hand . the hocd man look down at the bruise and batter tornham , then throws back he hood ~~ revealing a strikingly handsome face , lip spread in a roguish smile : hooded man welcome to sherwood . just before lose consciousness tornham realize that this good-look and gleeful fellow can only be one man -~ tornham ( barely audible} locksley ... tornham 's eye roll up inte he head and everything gors black . hold for a moment . then the whistling SOUND which we now recognize as a arrow pierce the air ~~ smash CUT tos close on tornham as he eye SNAP OPEN --— just in time to sre the arrow come straight at he -- then barely missing he , thudding into a tree behind he head just inch from he face . 40 . ext . outlaw camp - dusk tornham have awoken to find himself bound to a massive tree trunk , arm stretch out at the shoulder , tie there like Christ on the Cross , he entire body surround by the jutting shaft and feathered vane of dozen of arrow . thirty yard away the now un -hoded hood Men -~ who be of course the merry men -- be drinking , eating , laughing , playing dice ... and use tornham for target practice with they bow and arrow . hood ( hooded man ) good of you to join we , sheriff . tornham watch tensely as robin hood notches a arrow on hig string , drawa the bow , aim and fire -~- send it soaring straight at he ! the arrow hit dead center on its target , elicite uproarious laughter from the rank of merry Men : it have lodge in a narrow strip of bark visible between tornham 's leg , just below he crotch . hood { notching another arrow ) lucky it 's not I up there -~- my cock would have just lose near half its length ! the laughter double -- merry man that ' 's not what I hear , Robin ! hood from you sister , eh ? the laughter triples as Robin Hood shoot he arrow , this time send it thudding into the tree just above torpham 's | head . tornham struggle against bis bond but it 's not use -~ he can not budge a inch . hood relax , sheriff . from the dungeon of sherwood there be no escape . bloodie , bruise and humiliate , tornham narrow he eye and speak , slowly , deliberately : Al . tornham i.oeo want ... my ... chess - set , a confuse look between Robin and he man . hood you what ? tornham grit he tooth , tenge tornham my chess - set . I want my chess - set back . Robin Hood raise a eyebrow in disbelief —- hood be that all you can think of at a time like this ? tornham i_want my bloody chess - set back ! silence ~- until beth Robin and the merry Men erupt in laughter . Robin Hood carefully notches another arrow -~ hood you must be quite the player . ~~ then fire , splitting the hair atop tornham 's head . tornham you , gix , be a brigand , thief and murderer ~~ and I swear before God almighty and you rag mob that you shall be bring to justice ! more laughter roll from the merry rank . Robin Hood march up to tornham and proceed to retrieve he arrow from the tree around the bound sherlff ... hood {to he man ) he 's get nerve , do he not ? ( to tornbam ) t’ll tell you about '' justice , * sheriff : I be outlaw without cause '' ( more ) hood ( cont would ) all the land T hold as a loyal tenant of the King , the land my father hold and he father before he -- all be forfeit and take by Prince John , and every possession I own sell off and every half - penny ef profit pockete by that tyrannical bastard . tornham if you be unjustly outlaw you should have lodge a plea in court . hood with guy of gisborne oversee the inquest ? I would sooner be try in hell by a jury of the damned with lucifer himself as judge . tornham shake he head : tornham you be a noble . if you doubted the fairness of the court here in Nottingham you could have take you plea all the way to the King 's Court of justice at westminster in London . for the first time since we meet he a serious look fill Robin Hood 's face : hood the court be damned . they administer norman justice for that of pure norman blood . when a lowly saxon such as myself -- ngesture to he men} o~ - or one of my man be involved , justice be banish from court . merry men ( vartous ) aye ! -- that 's no joke and right ! -- 42 . tornham look at the crowd of green and brown - clad woodsman , then back at they leader ... tornbam so you wrap you murder and robbery in a hloocd - soak flag of rebellion ? tell I -- Earl of locksley ~~ do you know anyone of '' pure '' norman blood ? I do not . ( more ) tornham ( cont would ) norman and saxon have be enthusiastically inter-breed they bleed for more than a century . you be stick in the past , " Robin Hood '' ~- we be all English now . Robin Hood glare at the sheriff -~ then draw he sword and point it at tornham 's throat -~ hood lot of norman bleod in that vein of yours -- eh , sheriff ? tornham 's eye blaze with defiance : tornham go ahead . murder a helpless prisoner . I would expect no less from the like of you . Robin Hood flash a rather charming grin -~ hood sorry to disappoint you then ... -- and use he sword to CUT the rope bind tornham to the tree . hood ( cont 'd ) I do not bring you here to kill you —- or even for the high - price in gold you would earn in ransom . I bring you here to tell you that though I be indeed guilty of many thing , I be not the murderer you seek . ( shrugging ) now I have get to cover you face so you can not come back to kill I . stick the you castle of stone and leave we to ours of bark and branch . tornham cub he raw weiste , contemplate attack Robin ight then and there -~ but there be far too many of the outlaw 's man surround all around . instead ha lock eye with hoods tornham the lew do not end at the edge of the forest . Robin Hood 's perpetual smile disappear , replace with a grim intensity . 44 , a steady drizzle start raining down on the forest ... Robin Hood slip on he hood : hood your do . Robin Hood nod to a hulking woodsman »- the biggest of a rather big bunch . he step up , cover tornham 's eye with a blindfold , take he by the shoulder and start lead he away -~ but tornham stop short ~- tornham Robin Hood turn , piss . hood my name be Robin Hood . tornham ( shrugging ) whatever you call yourself ... {with a edge ) Lady marian fitgwater be not of pure saxon blood -- be she ? Robin smoulder . he call to the hulk woodsman : koop Little jobn , take he back where he belong -- and do not hurt he on the way ~- unless he mention she again . little JOHN done , roh . the patter drizzle continue as Little John take tornham in he hand and lead bim off into the wood , Robin Hood watch they go ... CUT tos ert . manoraouse - night the vain be now pouring on the grounds where the young couple be murder -~ also the home of Lady marian fitzwater . tornham emerge from the edge of the wood ~~ bruise , cut , soak and look like hell . the blindfold hang around he neck and he 's in the untying he bound hand with he tooth . he march entrance to the house , face grim , nostril flaring , the door and wait ... after a few moment a thin slot on the heavy wood slid OPEN -- revealing the aging by of a old man old man ( from behind the door ) who be you -- and what in God 's name do you want at this hour ? tornham I be Robert tornham , the sheriff of Nottingham . my apology for the lateness of the hour , Lord fitegwater , but I must insist on see you daughter ~~ at once . old man ( from behind the door ) '' you want to see my daughter ...? midst of up to the pound on door be we hear the sound of several bolt be thrown , the door open a crack -~ then swing wide OPEN and the Old man usher tornham with a beaming smile : lord fitzwater ( old man ) well , by all mean , good sir , a strapping noble fellow such as yourself come to see my marian at this hour , it must be a matter of some importance ! a proposal of marriage perhaps ? tornham smile back at the Old man ... int . marian' bedchamber ~ night marian sit in she bed , wear a 12th century nightgown . she have a open manuscript in she lap and be jotting note in the margins with a quill pen as she read ... tornhan suddenly throws OPEN the door , march in . quickly wrap a blanket over she nightgown -~ martan sheriff ? what be you do here ? we fear you be logt or kill or mne torneam betray . marien 46 . martian T have no idea what you be ~~ tornham ( in she face ) you lead I into Robin Hood 's hand like a lamb to the slaughter . marian be speechless for a moment . then regains she composure and speak curtly ~~ martan that 's ridiculous . be it my fault that you could not keep up ? I be just a woman , after all . ( a beat ) tell I , do you learn anything during you time in the forest ? tornham such as ? marian that Robin of locksley be not the killer you seek . tornham really ? he nearly kill I . martian '' nearly , '' sheriff ? se you make a heroic escape from he evil clutches ? tornham hesitates fox a uncomfertable moment , then answer : ' tornham wot exactly . martan iosee , yt take it that mean if he want you dead ... you would be ? tormtam ( tight } ne will live to regret pass up the chance to kill I today . it will not come again . tornkham notice for the first time that marian 's hair be down loose around she shoulder ... then eye the manuscript in she hand : Al . tornham what 's that you be read ? marian narrow she eye at tornham , catch a bit off - guard by he interest . marian a new tell of " Tristan and isolde '' by a frenchman name beroul . tornham beroul ' 's only original contribution to the ancient tale be to have Tristan kill godwin with a arrow through the eye -- the way you fiancee would have do it . marian glare at he . martian I have not get that far in the story . tornham sorry . do not mean to ruin the end . marian shrug back at . hime marian I believe the love triangle between six Tristan , Lady isolde and she husband the King be a metaphor for we own spiritual struggle -~ the choice between duty ... and pasaion . tornham think on that one for a moment , then notice the write in the marging and step closer to marian ~- torneam what 's this ? martian {self - consciously } my note . alternate line , commentary , critique of the text . I myself write on occasion . poetry . 48 , tornham ( impregse ) King Richard write poetry in he first language -- provencal . marian be it any good ? tornham carefully weigh he answer ... torneam passable at best . but if you tell anyone I say it 's less than genius I will probably be execute for treason . marian can not help but smile : martan so ... it seem I hold you life in my hand , sheriff . tornham look from marian 's word to she eye . she look back . the silence between they grow intense -- then : tornham my name be robert. {a beat ) do you ever let anyone read you poetry ? marian no . but you must remember , most of the people around here can not read . tornham what about locksley ? can he read ? martian he read my heart . tornham nod , think this over . tornham you tell I I would be dead if he want I go . I tell you he do not know what he want -- other than to serve he own pride . they keep stare at each other ~- ~~ but the moment be break by the loud sound of bell ringing and panicky volce crying out : 49 . voick ( 0.8 . ) alarum ! adlarum ! ' alarum ! tornham go to the window -- spot a growing crowd in the near distance , carry by torch and STORM - lantern ~~ cur tos ext . great NORTH road — night tornham march down the road towards the river trent and the relatively new stone bridge which cross it . the crowd be gather at the foot of the bridge , still ringing there handheld bell and calling out there alarm ~~ ext . trent bridge - night tornham reach the crowd ~~ it 's make up of half - a- dozen serf and a few townspeople ... tornham cease you alarm ! the crowd turn its attention to tornham ~~ just as squire thomas and gisborne arrive with a force of sergeant from the Castle garrison , all on horseback . squire thomas six Robert ?! ( dismounting and racing over to grab he by the shoulder ) you be all right !!! tornham nod : torndam alive at least , squire thomas thank god fer that } ( whispering ) I fear if you be dene for they might promote I to sheriff . gisborne dismounte and walk up to tornham -- gisborne sheriff ! this be a happy surprise . be you lose ~- injure ~~ capture ? tornham later , Sir guy. ( to the crowd ) who raise this Hue and Cry ? a young serf hesitantly lift he hand ... ser begging you pardon , sir , but it be I , sir . tornham be you victim of a crime ? serf no , sir . it be my lord and master , sir walter legriff . ( shaking ) it 's horrible , sir ... tornham what 's you name ? serf Hugo , six . tornham well , Hugo -- it 's now you duty to show we what you find and tell we what you know . cur tos ext . riverbank ~ night yornham , gisborne , squire Thomas and the crowd march through the rain , storm-lanterns hold in they hand , all following Hugo to the riverbank ... hugo master walter go fishing ag usual ~~ but he 's always back before nightfall , when he do a't return T go look and that 's when I find ... Hugo trail off , hig hand now shaking uncontrollably ... they have reach the edge of the riverbank -— and the body . si. tornham take a STORM -lantern from the crowd and hold it over the corpse of a well - dress man in he 40' , sprawle on he back , eye wide open , face contort in agony , blood everywhere -- a arrow jutting out of he throat . tornham {to squire Thomas ) still fresh . {to huge ) when do you last see he alive ? serf after the mid-day meal but before the church - belle sound for vesper . tornham hand the storm - lantern to squire Thomas , take a rag from he pocket and carefully proceed to pull the arrow out of the man 's neck . gisborne eye the bloody arrow : gisborne '' legriff '' -- a proud norman name . tornham leok down from the arrow to the dead man 's face -~ then scoops a few trace of beeswax off the man 's lifeless cheek , show it to squire Thomas : tornham the bee have be busy . squire Thomas whisper to tornham : squire thomas at least you get here before they could sell the arrow . tornham wrap the arrow in the rag , hand it to Thomas , take back the stoxm - lantern , look over the body again , then begin inspecting the riverbank , the lantern illuminating the wet , shadowy area ~ ~ hugo damn that Robin Hood . damn he to hell . torpham sees a net and fishing pole lie on the muddy ground a few yard away from the body . he cast he light over the tree nearby -~ revealing a large arterial spray — trail of blood cover the leave . 52 . tornham he be hit here ~~ the throat wound spray he life all over the green ~- then he stumble towards the water ... tornham warrow he eye at the ground around they foot -- messy and cover with the scatter footprint of the crowd . he then lower the lantern to the shoe of the vietim -~ no mud . tornham be quiet for a long moment , consider . ' then -- tornham you be sure it be before vesper ? hugo . yes , sir . tornahm but it do not start raining till just . before sundown ... tornham stand , turn to one of the sergeant -- tornham ( cont 's D ) wrap the body in burlap , take it back to the castle . gisborne I will see to the document for the murdrum fine ... tornham noe gisborne Tim sorry ? torneam no mardxum on this one . gisborne you be aware the law state that whatever district be home to foul play must be summarily fine ? tornham tt 's a foolish law . 53 . gisborne on the contrary -~- it deter people from think they can get away with murder . tornham why punish a entire community for the act of one man ? we face special circumstance in this case . after all -- as you , Sir guy , will be first to argue ~~ everyone know Robin Hood reside in sherwood forest , not in the neighborhood of trent Bridge . gisborne fume -- but nod he head in grudge acceptance . tornham ( cont 'd ) ( to the crowd ) return to you home ! King Richard and he government thank you for discharge you duty as honest subject of the realm —- especially you , Hugo . you have help we down the road to find you lord 's murderer and bring he to justice . hugo T hope so , sir . the crowd begin to disperse ... toxrmham turn to squire Thomas , whisper : tornahm tt be not locksley , the old man look at the sheriff in disbelief : squire thomas whet ? how can you be certain ? tornham ( indicate the feet of the corpse ) sic walter legriff drag himself fcom the tree to the edge of the riverbank but there 's no mud on he shoe , he be kill after the mid ~ day meal but before the bell rung for vesper ~~ before it start to ( more ) 54 . tornham ( cont would ) {a beat ) es.at which time I be deep in sherwood Forest , be hold captive ... by Robin Hood himself . squire Thomas 's eye go wide . dissolve to : int . nottingham castle ~- bedchamber ~- night barely illuminate by the moonlight trickle in through several expensive lead glass window . tornham sleep in a big comfortable bed -- much nicer than the one he have in cyprus -- but he sleep be anything but comfortable . he toss and turn ~~ -- then suddenly snap awake with a vielent start , hyperventilate , try to catch he breath . he calm himself down , realize that it 's still night . tornham Christ ... he slowly sit up naked in bed and cross himself , oblivious to the cold , he breath visible in the frosty air . he suddenly sense something and narrow he eye ... hear the faint sound of breathing from somewhere else in the dark loome ee tornham hold bis own breath for a split- second ~~ ~~ then grab up he sword and lunge , point it into the shadow '' torneam come out or tll gut you like a pig ! toxrnham 's eye suddenly go wide ~- queen eleanor vise from where she have be sit on a. chair in the corner and approach tornham .. . he lower he sword and drop to he knee , bow before she : tornham ( nervous ) forgive I , you highness -- I think you be a intruder . Eleanor smile : queen eleanor I be . tornham quickly cover himself with he blanket . queen eleanor no need for modesty , sheriff . I have have two husband and five son . there 's nothing on you ft have not see a thousand time before . tornham nevertheless pull on some clothes , then light a candle -~ tornham this be ... most unusual , you highness . I be not sure what to say . queen eleanor say nothing . use you ear instead . ( a beat ) on he way home from crusade , my son Richard -- we king ~~ have be capture by the austrian . pornham 's face fille with shock and disbelief . queen eleanor right now less than a dozen soul in all of England know -~ though it will be common knowledge soon enough . {a beat ) a kansom request be sure to arrive soon -~ - and just as sure to demand the great sum since King David collect all the gold of Jerusalem to decorate the Temple of the israelite . tax be go to go up again . Rather severely I be afraid . and all method , no matter how unpleasant , will be warrant for use in they collection . ( more ) queen eleanor ( cont would ) the people will hate to pay -~ but they will love it when they money bring they hero back to they , cover in glory . {a beat ) as for John ... he will do everything in he power to keep the money you must raise from be deliver to Richard 's captor . Queen Eleanor sit down on the edge of tornham 's bed . queen eleanor ( cont 'd ) John fear he have be swallow up in Richard 's shadow . I make a point of remain at John 's side to encourage he confidence and teach he patience . I tell he every dog will have he day -- even the runt of the litter . ( shaking she head ) but with news of Richard 's capture ... it will be difficult even for I to restrain he in the face of such a golden opportunity . tornham why be you tell I all this ? Eleanor lean uncomfortably close to tornham . queen eleanor because in all of England , John 's supporter be strongest here , in Nottingham . but you , Sir Robert , be not among they . that be why I work so hard to convince John not to interfere with you appointment . Richard give you thia job and Richard be the rightful ~~ and lawful , -- king . and a land where the king can be overthrown be a land where no law will be respected . so tell I , sheriff ... where do you duty lie ? tornham {quietly } to Richard ... and he safe return . queen eleanor ( nodd ) no matter what it may cost ... in gold ~- or blood . 37 . tornham yes . queen eleanor say it , sheriff . tornham hesitates for a moment . then -~ tornham no matter what it may cost ... in gold -- or blood . Queen Eleanor rise —- queen eleanor now go back to bed . and have a good night ' 's sleep . ( a sly grin ) I order it . -- then snuff out the candle , plunging the room back into darkness . she open the door , walk out and shut it behind she , leave tornham very alone ... dissolve to : ext . nottingham castle ~ day a winter snow drift down as a royal wagon with a thin escort of knight and sergeant ride into the courtyard . the wagon pull to a halt and the veteran knight in command -.- drench in sweat and grime -- dismount from he horse , remove a iron strong - bok from the wagon and carry it into the keep , limping a bit as he go ... cur to : int . nottingham castle '' hall of tre sheriff -— day the veteran knight march in and set the box down on a big wooden desk , which tornham be sit behind , then hand tornham a ring of reys ~~ veteran knight we only stop 10 time to sleep between durstein and dover -- and not once since landing . torpham fill bis own silver cup with ale from a small cask on he desk and handa it to the knight ~~ 58 . tornham have a drink . you and you man can rest up here for the night . ( examine the box ) what 's in it ? the knight slam the empty cup down , wipe he sleeve across he mouth and shrug matter - of - factly : lead knight can not say I have any idea . tornham unlocks the box and open the lid . stare inside and furrow he brow , then reach in and pull out the content ... +..an old , somewhat rusty and blood-stain suit of chatnmati armor . herald ( 0.s. ) look upon it , good people of Nottingham -- this humble suit of armor which grace the heroic body of we glorious King Richard when he fight like a avenge angel in Christ 's name to free the kingdom of Jerusalem from the tyranny of the saracen ... bst . nottingham - town square — day the CITY herald be in the midst of address a crowd of people who have gather around a cross between a scarecrow and a manneguin which hag be drape in the chainmatl that be just deliver to tornham . a crudely fashioned crown sit atop the royal mannequin 's head ... herald ( cont ’d ) hook upon it -- for if such a grand and mighty king could don the humble armor ef a poor knight and cross land and sea to reach the burn sand of the desert and shed he royal blood for the sake of we holy place , then cannot we ~~ he loyal subject -~ reach into we pocket and find a few more penny to help free bim from the cruel dungeon of durstein Castle in Austria where he be hold prisoner by betrayer and heretics ? 59 , after a moment a few brave soul from the crowd approach the royal mannequin . one of they reach out to touch the royal armor -- but the Herald grab he hand : herald first you pay -- then you touch . the townsman dig into he pocket , pull out a penny coin and drop it into a copper pot at the Herald 's foot . the Herald slap he on the back and gesture for he to go ahead . the townsman reach out again and this time actually get to run he finger along the link of King Richard 's chainmail ... other start lining up behind he ... cur to : ext . saint mary hill ~ day the saxon section of Nottingham City . mostly peasant and tradesmen milling about and watch nervously as three of the sheriff 's batliff 's confront a poor , seot - cover coal burner ~~ burner but I pay my tax last month ! bailiff # 1 there 's be new tax levied -~ movable goods . a percentage on you wagon , you burnin’ hut and you wood . bailifeg # 2 ( chime in ) as well as a additional 20 percent of you earning . burner ( desperate ) Christ , man -~ I will have nothin 's leave to feed my family ! bailiff # 3 you should feel honore . you money 's go to free good King Richard from the austrian . bailiff # 1 ( co the gathering crowd ) that 's right -~ and anyone who do not pay will be brand a traitor to England ! 60 . murmur from all around -- grow fear and anger from the erowd ... burner T can not do it -- I will not ! how be I suppose to chop enough wood , make enough coal , if I and my boy be starve to death ? how ? bailiff # 1 t£ you be so hungry , how about you gat some of you precious coal ! the bailiff grab the burner and throws he towards a enormous coal pit , fill with smoulder ember ~~ burner 's wife noil ! leave he alone , you bastard ! she and she two SMALL child try to help she husband , but the other two bailif£ 's hold they back and the first bailiff grab a handful of the burner 's hair and force he face toward the hot coal -~ suddenly a hand stab out and yank the bailiff off he victim ! the bailiff spin in surprise and anger -- then freeze . it 's the sheriff . tornham what be you do , gamwill ? whe bailiff lower he eye , sullen , but defiant : bailifer # 1 he refuse to pay , sheriff , burner' wife he gantt pay ! please ... we be near break as it be . please ... fornham survey the crowd of onlooker , he bailiff , the burner 's wife and Children ... ke walke over to the burner , roughly pull the terrify man off the ground , shove he towards he small hut , push he inside -- 61 . int . burner hut — day a dirt floor , hardly any furniture to speak of . tornham follow the burner inside , look around , then look back to the burner . burner ( start to break down ) please , sheriff . have mercy . my wife and I go hungry some day -- do not make we baby go hungry too . I leve King Richard , but -~ tornham ( cut he off ) enough . burner please , sir , I -- tornham i_said -- enough . tornham turn away from the pathetic man , rub he eye , take a deep breath . tornham God ... damn ... it . ( turn back to the burner , dark ) this thing I be force to do . I have no choice . it 's the law . do you understand that ? J have no choice , tornham reach into a pocket , slip owt two SMALL gold cotn and force they into the burner 's hand . the burner look up at he in shock and confusion . tornham ( quietly ) the bailiff will be back in a month . make sure you put something aside for they . and do not tell anyone about thie ~~ or I x11 burn you tongue out myself . the burner nod ~~ still stunne . 62 , EST . saint mary 's hill - day tornham emerge from the Hut , dragging the burner by the collar behind he ~~ tornham he be hold out on you , gamwill . the burner hand the stunne bailiff he two gold coin -~ the sheriff march away , push through the crowd --~ who begin booing he as he go ... suddenly squire Thomas ride down the road and call to tornham squire thomas Sir Robert ! you presence be require at Nottingham Castle . tornham glare up at Thomas ~~ tornham required by whom ? squire thomas by we new monarch ~~ Prince John . tornham 's face fill with unease ... cud tos int . nottingham castle ~ royal chamber - day tornham , gisborne and several other important noblemen stand gather before Prince John ... prince JOHN I have it on excellent authority that my brother be as good as dead . in fact , by now , he may well be dead . not one more English coin shall be waste pursue he exorbitant ransom , if he be to return to England it shall be as a ghost . the ransom money that vemaing shall be transfer to my cormtrol . ( a beat ) ( more ) 63 . prince JOHN ( cont would ) furthermore , in a effort to secure long - last peace with we neighbor the french , I have decide to marry King Phillip 's sister , princess alais . tornham but you be marry , you Grace ~~ to countess isabelle . prince JOHN that union be such that it have never find favor in God 's eye ~~ or mine . the archbishop have assuce I that God want it annull . {a beat ) my brother have lead England to the very brink of ruin , largely due to hie unbridle ambition for conquest in France . this marriage shall end all that . it will set the stage for peace in we Continental territory and prosperity here at home . ( chuckle ) it 's true , she 's quite a bit older than I -- but the french may be to sit beside my throne when I hold court , not share my bed every night . tornham , gisborne and the other noble stand the uncomfortably -- until gisborne step forward and bow to Prince John , say : gisborne godspeed , you Grace -~ ( catch himself ) ~~ forgive I ... you majesty . Prince jobn smile and the rest of the noble join in , echoing gisborne 's acknowledgement of John as they new King . tornham ie the last the say , '' godspeed , you majesty '' -- but say it he do . dissolve to : int . sheriff' ofpicr — night pornham be burn the midnight oi ] -~ literally . light from several . candle dance eerily around the place -- revealing the wall and floor be now cover with diagram of murdered body scrawle onte large parchment . 64 . ternham downs a goblet of ale , rub he tired brow and go back to what he be do -- cleaning dry blood off arrow recover from the crime scene ... the door open and squire Thomas enter -- squire thomas you send for I , six ? tornham open a secret compartment in he work - desk , withdraw a small strong - BOX and hand it to Thomas -~ who frown at ite heavy weight . squire thomas heavy . ( guess at the value of the content ) must be close to a thousand crown in here . tornham twelve -hundre and fifty . you be to see to it that the full sum make ite way to Sir hubert walter , the archbishop of canterbury . the old squire shoot tornham a look -- squire thomas you be forward we tax to the Church ? tornham no , Thomas -~ I be try to make sure they go towards pay Richard 's ransom , rather than prepare for John 's reign . Sir hubert be the only one who can be trust , squire thomas iosee . and if we be catch ? toxnham shoot he old squire a look of hie own -— tornbam then we shall suffer . squire Thomas consider this for a moment — squire thomas i be happy to see you have think this through . 65 . ~~ then head out with the strong -box , leave tornham alone . dissolve to : ext . archery range ~ day a small grouping of hay bull - eye target butt set up on the edge of the wood . a arrow go whistling through the air , thudding into the target , just miss the bulls~eye . pull back to reveal that the shooter be Lady marian . martian damn . miss it by a hair . ( smile ) you turn . next to she be tornham , a bow in he hand also . he notches a arrow , pull back the bow-stre -~ marian ( cont 'd ) steady ... smooth release ... let the bow do the work ... tornham let loose the shaft , the arrow sailing through the air -- -~ and missing the target butt altogether -- but only by a few inch . maclan stifles a laugh . tornham dammit . martan well , youfre get closer each lesson ... 'tornham it 's be month now , martan maybe I be just a bad teacher . tornham give she a look , shrug . tornham for guess we can not all be Robin Hood , can we ? 66 , a instant tension between they . tornham ( embarrassed ) i’mese I be sorry , I should not have — ~ marian no , it 's alright , it 's ~- tornham I do not sleep anymore . marian look at he , take a little off-quard . marian really ? why not ? tornham notches another arrow into he bow -~ tornham the list keep grow . martian ( quietly ) the victim ? I be sorry . tornham let loose he arrow ~- another close miss . tornham lower he bow , frustrated . torneam for what ? this ig all my fault . all the time I have be here I have not make one bit of difference , my man be so busy beat every last penny out of the population , they have have no time to police the eity , conduct a proper investigation . martan of mean I be sorry for you . a look between they . tornham thank you . marian turn and diga into a satchel she bring to the archery range ... 67 , marian I want to give you something . it be give to I as a gift . it 's quite beautiful and I love it . but then I realize ... it do not really belong to I . maxian pull out tornhem 's chess set -~ the one that be steal when he thing be hijacked by Robin Hood 's man upon he arrival at Nottingham . tornham ( stunne ) where ... where do you get this ? marian avert she eye . tornham ( cont 'd ) ( awkwardly , figure it out ) of course . {a beat ) how do you know it be mine ? martian there 's no Queen . I have hear the saracen detest woman of any authority , so it must have come from the crusade . and on the bottom of the board there be some Greek letter . I hear you be in cyprus ; , sq ... torneam ( amile ) you be very smart . maybe you should have my job . marian smile back at he , pick up she bow , notches another allow martan how often do you play ? tornham as often as I can . martan do you win ? tornham all . the time . 68 . marian 80 you be good ? marian let loose she arrow ~~ another near bull - eye . tornham better than I be at archery , at least . ( a beat ) locksley ... do he play ? martian ( shrugging ) he have no interest in game , book , thing of that sort . he consider they idle pursuit of thoge lucky enough the be bless with wealth and nobility at birth . tornham that 's a little hypocritical , do not you think ? he be a Noble himself . marian ( defensively ) he 's a very complicated man . tornham and very handsome . dash . romantic . marian why , sheriff , you sound like you be in leve with he . tornham so romantic he give he perpetual fiancee the lovely gift of another man 's prize possession . they glare at one another . martan ( suddenly dark ) the lesson over , we will meet again next . week ... she begin pack up the how and arrow , upset —- tornham marian , wait -- she hesitates , look back at he . 69 . pornham ( cont 'd ) now I be the one who 's sorry . please accept my apology . I do not mean to upset you . ( a beat ) zx do not think locksley be complicated at all . I think he 's very lucky . but he luck be about to run out . I be go to catch he . marian narrow she eye at tornham ~-— marian oh , really ? tornham turn out that despite be a brigand , Hood attend mass regularly -~ across the river , at fountain Abbey . there 's a friar there name tuck who minister to he and hear he confession every other Sunday . this Sunday we will be wait . marian try to hide she panic . marian how do you learn all this ? tornham ( sbrugge ) people talk . martan especially if they be be torture . tornham more often if they be be give enough food er coin to survive . marian blood money . tornbam Charity . marian glare at tornham with contempt ... and a hint of sadness . she turn she back on he and walk away . tornham stand there at the archery range , alone . dissolve to : ext . manorhouse — night quiet . a pale mist swirl through the thick night air . a small candlelight suddenly glow from within the wall of the house . the heavy oak door creak and slowly OPEN ... marian step out , the glow come from a lantern hold in she hand . she carefully close the door behind she and cautiously creep out into the darkness . from the bushes someone watch as Lady marian leave the grounds of she manoz and move into the wood ... it 's tornham . he carry he own amall lantern , one glove hand cupping it , 80 as not to let too much light trickle out -~- ~- but then he decide the risk of be see be too great and he blow out the flame , plunging himself into blackness as he stealthily follows marian into the shadowy treeline ... dissolve to : bst . sherwood forest ~ night shaft of pale moonlight plunge down from between the flora and fauna , marian move through the pitch - black wood almost effortlessly , the small glow from the lantern illuminate she path -- a path she 's clearly take many time before . dissolve to : ext . outlaw camp - night Silent , peaceful and dark , the dim embere of a dying campfire mixing with the moonlight to provide the only light . marian slowly emerge from the shadowy fauna ~— ~- when she be suddenly surrounded by a trio of hood' sentrys who drop out of the tree around she , sword at the ready -- sentry # 1 miss marian --? ti. sentry # 2 ( bow he head apologetically ) pardon , miss , the moon be at half - — size not no one tell we you be come . martian I need to see Robin . the two sentry 's exchange a uncomfortable look . sentry # 1 of course , milady , I will rouse he right away . cur tos int . tree - tent - night a ramshackle dwelling make of animal skin , leave and twig . Robin Hood lie fast asleep , a half - empty deerskin flask lie next to he , ale leak out . also next to he be a barely - clothed wench , attractive , but snoring loudly . Little jobn stick he head inside , poke Robin violently -- little JOHN Rob ~~ Rob , wake up ! boob Christ , John ... little JOHN marian 's here . Robin 's sleep - encrust eye suddenly focus and he hurriedly start shaking the snore woman next to he ~~ wench ( groggy ) jaezus , Rob , have not va’ have enough , lad ? fer fuck 's sake -~ hood you have get the get out of here , now . CUT to : 72 , ext . tree - tent ~ night Robin , half - clothed , pull himself from inside the camouflage tent , spot marian approach in the distance , lead by one of the sentries with a torch . Robin wave to she , begin lowering himself down a rope & vine ladder at the front of the tree , while -- on the other side of the tree -- the wench , still half - naked , climb down a rear escape hatch , reach the ground and quickly scurries off inte the wood under cover of the glow moon . ext . outlaw camp ~ night Robin greet marian with a hug , stifling a yawn -- hood heavens , marian , it 's lovely to see you , but my man could have kill you , sneaking inte the wood at this time o’ night ! martian I be sorry , Rob , but I have to warn you . the sheriff know about Fountain Abbey . you can not go this Sunday , you cannot -- suddenly a piecing female scream rip through the aight air . the half - naked wench come tearing through the wood -- wench alarum -~ alarum ! merry Men start waking , leaping out of the dirt & grass bed , grab weapon , what the bell be happen -~- ? marian shoote the panicked wench a look , start to say something to Robin , when — ~ fornham step out of the wood . tornsam ( rb : the wench ) she 's a bit high -strung , that one . tornham fine himself instantly surround by sword - point and draw bow & arrow ~~ 73 . Robin glare at marian in disbelief ~~ hood Christ , marian , do you realize what you have do ?!! you have he sheriff of goddamn Nottingham to our campsite ! marian just glare past Robin to the half - clad wench ~~ marian ( tight , under she breath ) who the hell be she ? Robin shute he eye tight -~ the entire night have go to shit in minute , tornham I assure you , I be here alone and I ~- hood shut up ! ( take a deep breath , then shrugging to he man ) kill he . marian 's eye go wide ~~ martan wait ! the merry Men hesitate ~~ marian {to Robin ) shouldn not you at least find out why he 's here ? hood be you mad ? he 's here to arrest I , to arxest we all ! tornham that 's not true , actually . little JOHN ( press he sword - point into ternham 's throat ) he say shut it . tornham i be here because ~~ 74 . little JOHN shut it ! tornham ~~ i_need you help ! Little John let out a snarl of anger and rear back to stab tornham in the neck ~~ ~ ~ but Robin shoot out a hand and stop John in mid-thrust : hood and why , pray tell , should I help you ? tornham because you would help yourself as well . {a beat ) I believe you do not murder that people . but I be the only one who do . help I ... and perhaps I can change all that . Robin narrow he eye at the sheriff , get in he face . hood and why would you care what happen to I ? tornham glare back at hoods tornham zt do not . but I do care about find the truth . a tense moment between they ~~ then Robin gesture to he man and the sheriff be release . hood eal talk with you -- byt only after it see to my marian . if it 's a choice between clear my name of murder and spend a moment witb she , I choose she . marian shift she eye from the out - of - breath wench to Robin Hood — ~ martian not tonight you do not . -- then turn on she heel and march off . cot tos ext . outlaw camp - campfire ~— night tornham and Robin sit around the fire , edgy and nervous merry men stand guard nearby , shoot the sheriff dirty looke . Robin stare acrosa the fire to where martian sit in the distance , tending to the sick and wounded in the rank of he merry Men . tornham unwrap something cover in oij-cloth ... tornham I have be collect this since I come to Nottingham . use a tincture of vinegar and thyme to clean off the blood ... tornham hand Robin a collection of arrowhead ... hood ( defensively ) this be not mine , I can tell you that . tornham there 's a symbol that 's etched on each one . can you see it ...? Robin inspect a couple of the arrowhead , narrow he eye —~ close on the arrowhead two letter cross together a ornate '' s* and a decorative ape * . hood well , thare 's the proof , be not it ? s.p . the killer 's initial . tornham yes , well , that would be too easy , would not 2t ? I have check baptism record for all of Nottingham county . that initial do not match anyone who could be the killer ~~ a few child , a few old and infirm villager . motive to hate the royal pexhaps but not the ability to murder they . ( more ) 76 . tornham ( cont would ) this be longbow killing . it take strength and accuracy to kill someone that way . so , I be stump . and since you be the expert archer in this part , I think maybe -- hood ( cut he off ) you marry , sheriff ? tornham watch , confuse , as Robin take a swig of ale . tornham no . ' fraid not . guess T have not meet the right woman . why ? Robin turn he gaze from the arrowhead to marian , who continue tend to he man ... hood think . maybe a educate man such as yourself could give mar advice , that 's all . tornham on the fairer sex ? you seem to be do fine where that 's concerned . hood oh , you mean the girl with the pierce scream ? Jenny ? tornham I believe she say she name be Matilda . hood ( genuinely surprised ) really ? I coulda’ swore it be Jenny . ob , well . ( quietly ) it 's hard you know . live with a bunch of brigands in the wood . the woman from all over Nottingham ... serf , towngtolk ~~ even some noblewoman -- I be a hero to ‘em all . do not get I wrong -- I love marian more than life itself but ... well ... she 's a culture beauty . sherwood ig no place for she . {a beat ) do you think she will forgive I ? tornham shrug and shoot Hood a look -~ 77 . tornham why not ? after all , you be a '' hero . '' Hood smile , take another swig of ale and clap tornham on the back — -— hood thanks for understanding , sheriff -— men~to - man yornham glare at Hood ~~ tornham I be be sarcastic . Robin glare back at tornham -~ hood I could still kill you , ya’ know ? ( a beat ) but marian would not approve . and that 's all I want from she really ... approval . Robin finish off he ale , toss the empty flask across the campsite , go quiet . torneam you be drunk . and thig be a waste of my time . tornham rise to he foot and go to retrieve the arrow -— but Robin pull they away . hood ( suddenly , bitter ) think you be se damn smart , do not you '' sheriff ? tornham stop , turn back to Robin . hood ( cont 's D ) ( finger the arrowhead ) sagitarii pedestri . tornham Excuse I ? hood S. p , be sagitarii pedestri -~- 718. tornham . ( translate ) '' Foot archer " ? hood ( nodd ) good King Henry have the Latin scrawle on supplies for the infantry archer before he invasion of Ireland . to keep track of the penny and the pound ~~ arrow cost money , you know . you bey Prince John lead that one . ( display the arrowhead ) this be make for John 's man . tornham be you sure about this ? Robin pin the sheriff with he eye , then shrug . hood maybe . you say it yourself ~~ I be drunk . suddenly a SOUND pierce the night air -- galloping horse ! Robin stumble to he foot just as sir guy of gisborne and aw entire squad of he soldier brupt from the wood own horseback , '' U ! unding the outlaw camp ! merry Men leap for they unstrung bow and arrow , but be CUT down by the sword of the mount soldier ~~ Robin glare at tornham across the fire -- hood bastard ! you betraye we ! roblin attack tornbam , but befere the sherwood bandit can xeach the startle sheriff , two solder charge there horse between the two man , trapping robin -- gisborne nyell to he man ) take Hood alive -~ anyone else , feel free to kill ! Robin turn he attention to evade he captor , rolling under thetr horse , and clamber into a one of the tree of the campsite -~ 79 , in the panicked firelight , marian charge at tornham -~ marian I trust youl ! tornham suddenly sees something , grab marian by the wrist and pull her out of the way of a charging horse -- up in the saddle sit gisborne . Sir guy nod down to the sheriff -~- gisborne many thanks , sheriff . the plan work beautifully . tornham at plan ? how do you find I ? gisborne you silver - haire squire alert I that you be plan to follow Lady marian to Hood . well do , sheriff . gisborne ride off , barking order to he man ... tornham look back at marian -~ tornham marian . please ~~ you must believe I , I know nothing of this . marian ig about to reply when she attention be draw to the scream of Robin be beaten and dragge across the campsite by gisborne '’s soldier -~ hood maciani martian ! marian try the race to rebin 's side but tornham hold she back as the owtlaw be bound and gag by the soldier — ~ martian ( slapping at tornbam ) let go of I , let go , T hate you , T hate you ! tornham just take it as marian keep scream . but we can see that he 's break inside . dissolve to : 80. ext . english coastline - dawn a group of prince JOHN 's sergeant serve as look - out be rustling themselves up from sleep , change shift , one of they wiping sleep from he eye . the sleepy look - out stumble over to the side of a cliff overlook the mist - shroud ocean and start pissing over the edge ... suddenly a barrage of arrow come whistling out of the distant mist , impaling the look - out , kill he instantly . the sleepy look - out topple over the side of the cliff and the other lock - oute suddenly panic and grab for they weapon ~~ ~- but another barrage of arrow come sailing out of the mist , and another and another -- until all of Prince John 's leok - out be dead . a moment of eerie silence -- just the sound of wave lap against the coast line . then a large shape start to emerge from the mist ... a ship -- and at the fore of the ship ig a carve and colorfully - paint figurehead -- depict a ferocious , roaring lion ... cur tos ext . nottingham - morning the pale light of the early sun rain down on the city -- herald ( v.0 . ) his Royal highness Prince John be proud to announce the capture of the outlaw -- and murderer -- Robin Hood ! EST . nottingham - town square - morning the CITY herald be bellow the news to a growl crowd of onlooker -~ 81 . herald ( cont ’d ) a banquet in honor of Sir Robert tornham , the sheriff of Nottingham , will be hold in the royal castle on the morrow 's eve -- and a generous serve of mutton and mead shall be distribute to all the loyal subject of Nottingham in honor of the occasion ! scatter cheer go up amongst the people ... cur tos int . nottingham castle ~- great hall ~ night a huge party be go , royal dancing and make merry , eating and drinking like pig , Prince John and guy of gisborne chief amongst the merry -maker . tornham be there , also drink heavily , not in celebration , but in misery . he watch as Prince John hold up a empty goblet and gisborne step up and fill it from a large jug of wine . os the '' spectacle '' course be serve , large pie be laid out on the table , carefully slice open — -- and live blackbird instantly flying out of the slice crust , flap up and flutter around at the top of the high ceiling ... Prince John approach the sheriff , a large overflow goblet . of wine in one hand , a huge leg of lamb in the other ~~ prince JOHN Nice work , sheriff . how do the pest of Chief justiciar of the realm sound ? tornham ioam ... flatter , you highness . prince JOHN as weil you should be . ( a beat ) say , where be that fine young fitzwater wench ? I know she be invite . tornham why ask I , you highness ? the Lady marian 's thought and action be she own . 82 . Prince John tear a piece of meat off bis lamp shank and chew , grin -—- prince JOHN oh , do not be coy , sheriff . I have see the way you look at the woman . {a sly smile ) the first time be always the best -- particularly when it 's against she will . you know , once Hood be execute , you path to she bed will be free of obstruction . and there 's no way old man fitawater would turn down a proposal from the kingdom 's next Chief justiciar , eh ? tornham look at Prince John , a thousand thing run through he head . then ~~ tornham you highness , the execution you speak of must be precede by a trial . Trial by jury be the only way to establish a clear and honest record . Hood be very popular here in Nottingham . but if he be prove guilty of this murder on the strength of the evidence , no one will mourn he death . if we execute he without benefit of trial we run the risk of create a martyr for that you speak of ~~ the one wait to raise the bloedy flag of rebellion against you . Prince jehn stare at tornham for a moment -~ then shake he head -~ prince JOHN X see you point , sheriff -- but trial be notoriously uncertain proceedings . I have no desire to place such a sensitive matter in the hand of a '' jury . '' tornham take a frustrated drink , think hard for a moment ... and get a idea . cur tos 83 . int . nottingham castle - dungeon ~ night Robin Hood hang there , chained to the wall , cover in blood and bruise . he look up at the sound of he door be unlocked ~— tornham nod to a dungeon guard , who escort the sheriff inside , then shut the door behind he , leave Robin and tornham alone together . hood ( with contempt ) come to gloat ? tornham whether you believe it or not , the truth be I have nothing to do with gisborne 's attack . he surprised I the same as you . Hood scowl at tornham ~~ hood '' the same " ?! look around , sheriff — - it 's not the same . tornham I know ... and I be sorry for that , which be why I have come , ( a beat ) I have convinced Prince John to give you a Trial . Hood digest this news ... that do not sound too bad . hood ( nedd he head , try to stay positive ... ) so T need to find a lawyer , eh ? I have hear Stephen glanvill be quite the advocate . what do you think of he ? tornham it 's not go to be that kind of trial . hood ( furrew he brew ) what doe you mean ? 84 . tornham Prince John would only agree to a Trial by combat . Hood narrow bis eye at tornham -~ hood who with ? tornham hesitates ... hood ( cont ’d ) not gisborne ? tornham shrug '' tornham he be the Prince 's most loyal and able retainer . hood weapon ? tornham the usual for close-quarters . broadsword . Battle axe. mace . rebin just glare at tornham in disbelief ~- hood oh , that 's great . that 's just fuck great ... tornahm listen , it be a miracle that I be even able to -~ hood ( cut he off ) gisborne 's one of the fiercest , most bloodthirsty swordsman in all of England , do you understand that ? Tim a archer ~- 4 bowman . TI shoot arrow . ( defeat ) Christ . it 's a death -sentence with draw - out agony add for good measure and populac amusement . tornham be silent for a moment . then ~~ 85 . tornham Rest as best you can . the Trial be set for the morning . in 1l see what I can do about get you some better food tonight . tornham turn , knock on the dungeon door and wait for the Guard to arrive ... boop do I one better -~ - go poison Sir guy . tornham turn and stare back at Robin -- until the Guard arrive , let the sheriff out and shut the door , leave Robin Hood to he fate ... cuUT tos int / ext . nottingham castle -— armory ~ night the storeroom for the castle 's weapon , site between the garrison barracks and the blacksmith 's shop . by lamp and torchlight , gisborne be testing the sharpness of he sword and axe blade and the balance of the weight of he mace . toxrnham enter , approach sir guy . gisborne ( eye still glue to he weapon ) sheriff . what bring you away from the festivity ? tornham T be here to ask a favor . gisborne look up from he weapon , furrow he brow — gisborne and what . could that be ? tornham locksley . {a beat ) do not kill he tomorrow . it 's not vequire by atatute . put he down and let he yield . we will have be judge guilty by God but the final disposition of he sentence will fall back on the city 's court , which will allow I time to gather more evidence . 86 . gisborne stare at tornham . gisborne and what need be there of any more evidence ? do you doubt he guilt ? tornham hesitates for a moment , then : tornham T want to prove the case beyond doubt . the man be a hero to many in this city . better he guilt be unquestion . gisborne 's eye fall back on he weapon . gisborne te I defeat he tomorrow it will be beyond dispute that he be guilty , and consider the nature and extent of he bloody crime I find it difficult to believe even Prince John 's enemy would hesitate to see a sentence of death carry out . gisborne tighten he grip on the sword he have be sharpening . gisborne ( cont ‘d ) besides ~~ John want that criminal punish , not just bring to justice -- but bring to blood . and John know I be the man to do it . always have be , always will . tornham study gisborne , then shift he eye to where gisborne 's freshly - clean surcoat sit hang in preparation for tomorrow 's combat . instead of gisborne 's usual family coat- of -arm , it bear a royal badge of office : three golden cup upon a blood -red field . tornham ( cont ’d ) I see you pour John the ceremonial first cup of wine tonight . how do you earn the honor of be he Chief butler ? gisborne exemplary service in battle ~~ during the campaign of eighty - five . tornham 's eye narrow . , tornham John 's irish campaign ? gisborne smile at the memory and nod he head ~~ gisborne and what a campaign it be . ( a beat ) I will tell you that story some other time , sheriff , for now ... instead of riding into battle tomorrow , as would be my preference as a master of horse , I will fight you woodsman on foot . I will not let he live ... but I will give he the ghost of a chance to take my life , instead of lose he . ( smile again ) it will make it more interesting . tornham stare at gisborne , try to figure something out ... take one last look at gisborne 's face light by the flicker torchlight , turne and walk away ... dissolve to : int . tornrram office ~ night tornham sit at hie desk , inspect the arrowhead by candlelight , lose in think , he mind racing . squixe Thomas enter -- squire thomas perhaps it be not my place , but you should have be asleep hour ago . you have to officiate at the trial , which will be right after daybreak . tornham tm afvaid the officiate shall be leave the you , Thomas -~ as I shall be ill from too much debauchery at tonight 's celebration . be sure and relay my apology to the Prince , tornham set aside the arrowhead in fruetration ~- torneam ( cont D ) tell I something , Thomas -- why in God 's name do you tell gisborne where I be go ? why ? 88 . squire Thomas sigh , sit down across from tornham and shrug he weary shoulder ... squire thomas you be march into a de of outlaw in the middle of the night -- alone . ( a beat ) I be worried about you . tornham lock eye with the old man ... then nod . dissolve tos ext . CITY of nottingham - dawn a continuous gray drizzle rain down as the rooster crow and church bell toll and kettledrum begin to roll -- all draw the populace of the city out of they home , into the street and off to the castle courtyard ... ext . nottingham castle - courtyard - dawn wooden barrier have be use to cordon off the center of the courtyard , barrel - and - plank benches arrange as temporary bleacher and castle guard post to maintain order . CITY folk of all age and class begin to arrive and find seat , while vendor start loudly hawking bread , fruit , nut and -- of course --- mead . ext . nottingham castle — NORTH tower ~ dawn gisborne walk out of he Tower and lock the door behind he . he be already dress in he full suit of chainmaii armor , sword , axe and dagger at . he side , shield sling over he back , great helm cradle in the crook of one arm . wait for he be several of he soldier , who rise to attention and stare suitably impressed at the splendidly lethal look figure which he cute . gisborne glance at the growing crowd as it overflow the bench , smile to himself and march of for to the center of the courtyard , he Soldiers follow in he wake ... + a few moment later , tornham step out from behind a nearby stairwell and quickly but cautiously approach the heavy oak door at . the base of the nexth Tower . it be lock from within . 89 . tornham cast a quick glance over he shoulder to make sure he 's not be watch , then dig into a pocket , pulle out a thin , iron rod , insert it in the keyhole and begin picking the lock ... after several long moment of struggle , the sheriff manage to unbolt the lock ~-- then slowly open the door and creep inside ... int . NORTH tower - gisbornens chamber ~ dawn the sheriff entere the opulently furnish space -- quite a contrast to he own modest dwelling -- and proceed to look around . he search a cabinet , a rack of ugly - look edged weapon ~~ nothing . search gisborne 's bed , the pocket in gisborne 's clothes -- still nothing . tornham shiver in the cold -~ then glance over at the fireplace . '' '' something be wrong . there be no ash or wood . tornham ( to himself ) no need to warm you ass on a cold morning , Sir guy ...? tornham inspect the fireplace . look up the chimney , sweep he hand inside , pull it out . still clean . tornham ( cont ’d ) and no soot . tornham push hia hand against the back wall of the fireplace , move he hand from stone to stone , push , probing ~~ suddenly one of the stone move inward , trip a mechaniam - — - there 's &@ creaking noise and a section of the rear wall open ... revealing a hidden passageway beyond . tornham narrow he eye , adjust they to the darkness ~~ make out a wooden staircase lead down into the shadow . the sheriff lock around , find a small otl lamp next to gisborne 's bed , light it with a flint and head down into the darkness ... CUT tos 90 . ext . nottingham castle - courtyard - day the place ig pack with spectator range from infant to the elderly . serf and peasant from nearby farmland to shopkeeper , artisan , craftsmen , tradesmen and well - to- do merchant all share the '' general admission '' seat , while the noblemen and noblewomen have the '' box seat " , locate along the very front row on all four side of the wooden barrier , close to the forthcoming action , blood and gore . marian and she Father be among they , marian lock tense and pale . two impressive look seat have be leave conspicuously empty atop a raised platform at one end of the front row . a signal be give and with a flourish the kettledrums go suddenly silent . a herald step forward herald all rise for he Grace , Prince John , by the Grace of God Regent and defender of the realm of England ! long live the prince ! the crowd reply with a modicum of enthusiasm -- crowd long live the prince ! by now Prince John be stand in front of he throne . he notice the empty seat and turn to he chamberlain : prince JOHN ( whispering ) where ia the Queen ...? chamberlain ( whispering back ) I have not see ber for day , you Grace . jobn scowl -- then turn he attention back to the crowd , raise a hand and call for silence : 91 . prince JOHN most loyal subject of Nottingham , it give we great pleasure to see you gather here today at we Royal invitation , in order to paxtake in that most important practice of any civilized land . if speak of course , of the disposition ... of ' justice . cur tos int . tunnel a long , dank space dig through mud and earth , wo light except the small pool throw from the oil lamp in tornham 's hand , the sheriff follow close to the drip wall , move through the darkness until he encounter another set of stair lead upwards ... CUT tos ext . nottingham castle - courtyard ~ day squire Thomas read from a parchment as Robin Hood be lead out of the Tower housing the dungeon and over to one end of the barricaded area by a paix of bailiff ... squire thomas of all son of Holy mother Church , present . and future , know that on this day of the feast of Saint . John the Baptist , judicial Trial by combat ig to be hold to determine the fate of Robin Hood ~~ formerly six Robin of locksley , who stand accuse of one dozen murder . ( to Robin Hood ) defendent , how da you plead ? all eye fall upon Robin Hood ... hood hot guilty ! the crowd eplit -- erupting in a equal mix of '' boos '' and cheerg «oo 92 . squire thomas let it also be know to all present and future that in this judicial duel , the City of Nottingham and Kingdom of England shall be represent by that most worthy and honorable of Prince John 's retainer , Sir guy of gisborne . gisborne march up to the barricade area ... again the crowd split -- that who cheer now '' boo '' and that who '' boo '' now cheer ... squire Thomas nods to a paix of wait priest -- squire thomas ( cont ’d ) father , if you please . one Priest head for gisborne , the other for Robin Hood . gisborne 's Priest hold a massive latin bible in he hand , while Robin 's carry a heavy gilt cross . ' the pair of holy man reach the paix of combatant and squire Thomas continue : squire thomas ( cont 'd ) fall to you knee and place you right hand on the holy item provide ... gisborne and Robin Hood do as instruct , squire thomas ( cont ’d ) repeat after I : I hereby swear by all that be right , good and holy ... Hoop / gisborne I hereby swear by all that be tight , good and holy ... soutre thomas that T enter this Trial by my own free will ... hood / gisborne that I enter this Trial by my own free will ... squire thomas place my fate and that of my judicial case ... 93. hood / gisborne place my fate and that of my judicial case ... squire thomas in the hand of God almighty . hood / gisborne in the hand of God almighty . at they opposite end of the cordonad - off field , Robin Hood and gisborne put. on thelr helmet and draw thetr sword ~~ squire thomas ( to Prince John ) -' you Grace . Prince John rise to he foot and call to the combatant , who be both still on they knee in the muddy ground : prince JOHN this txial be hereby call to order -- and may God have mercy on the guilty after he have be butcher by the just . without a moment 's hesitation gisborne rise to he foot and march straight for Robin Hood ~~ cur tos ert . nottingham - MAIN gate - day the two guardsman who watch over the main entrance to the City be play a game of dice and snack on fruit . suddenly one of they look up , notice a lone rider on horseback emerge from the distant treeline of sherwood and approach fast ... the two guardsman axchange a look , shrug -~ then one of the guardsman drop bis fruit in slack - jaw shock as he sers that the horseman be carry a banner -~ the Banner of richard the lionhearted ~~ cur tos int . gisborne's sanctum the sheriff push up through a hatch in the floor and enter the deep , shadowy interior of some sort of room . 94 , he move he small lantern around , illuminate bit and piece of the space ... tornham 's eye widen as he spot a powerful longbow and a deerskin quiver hang on hook on the damp wall -- tornham ( examine the bow ) 150 pound pull ... he approach the quiver , study the arrow that protrude from it 's lip . they be the same arrow that be use in the murder , the s.p. stamp into each arrowhead . CUT tos ext . nottingham castle - courtyard ~ day gisborne close in on Robin Hood , swinging up he sword , a howl of blind , hateful fury building from somewhere down deep in he gut -~- gisborne hhhaaaarrcrcrerverereererrc li tlil gisborne reach full speed and collide with Robin , just as Hood manage to raise he sword in defense , the dark steel of they blade slamming together with a resounding clang , stray spark spitting into the wet air -- the ehock of impact . withstood , gisborne press against Robin with all he might -~ the commoner watch tensely to see whose muscle or weapon will give out firet -- the nobles also watch the combat , enthralled -~ all but marian , who turn she gaze away , emotionless , not able to bear witness to what 's happen -- cur tos int . gisborne 's sanctum tornham see a BOX fill with hot coal and a cast - trow pot hang over the coal . the inside of the pot ig line with melted wax . suddenly tornham sense something -- someone watch he from the shadow ... he quickly spin and cast the glow from he lantern on a face in the darkness -- tornham freeze , he blood run cold . the face igs actually a deathmask cast from paraffin wax . and it be not alone . a whole row of the wax deathmaske line the wall of the secret chamber like hunt trophy . the face of ali the '' arrow murder '' victims . tornham ( barely audible ) Jesus Christ ... tornham stagger backwards , catch himself , lean against the wall try to regain he sense . he take a deep breath and continue to search the room , come across a scroll roll out on a rotting wood table . he cast the light from he lantern over the scroll -- tt be a list of name , with some of the name crossed out with red ink . the name of the murder victims -- a degth -list . and more name -~ future victim ...? tornham steady a shaking head , set down he lantern and carefully roll up the seroll , place it in hig jerkin . as he turn to leave the way he come he suddenly spot a xot and mildew banner hang on the wall with a jewish STAR emblazon across it . tornham wave he lantern around again , see a boarded - up window . he begin pushing at the wooden board , splintering one , a hint of daylight creep into the darkness . tornbam break another board out of the window , make just enough space for he to poke he head out ... 96 . ext . condemned synagogue - day ... and realize he be in the jewish quarter of nottingham , inside the sanctuary shut down by Royal decree . int . gisborne's sanctum tornham pull back from the break slat of the board - up window , prepare to head back into the tunnel and back to Nottingham Castle -- he suddenly hear something ... horse . not just one but dozen , maybe hundred , the galloping noise start to blend into one cacophonous roar as it close in .. cur to : ext . notliingham castle - courtyard - day Robin and gisborne remain locked together -- until suddenly Robin 's sword - arm buckle , the sword slip out of he hand and he crash backwards into the mud -~ a mixture of gasp and cheer from the crowd ~~ gisborne stab down at the prostrate figure of he enemy , but before the tip of the blade hit home , Robin kick out a foot and trip up six guy and he go crash down into the mud next toa Hood -~ the two empty-hand warrior struggle up to they knee with a share groan , Robin snatching up he sword from the mud —- gisborne ( suddenly call to he Guards ) ball -and-chain t gleborne 's squire instantly throw he the request weapon ~- Robin see he chance and swing he sword at Sir guy -~ gisborne leap back , but the edge of Robin 's sword catch six guy 's suxcoat and the chainmail armor beneath , tearing through the '' Golden cup " insignia and cutting a jagged slice through the chainmail ~- 91 . another cheer go up among the peagant and serf -- but the cheer suddenly catch in they throat as gisborne expertly whip the spike - cover steel ball at the end of he flail around Robin 's blade and give it a powerful yank -- ripping the sword from Robin 's grip and flinging it off to the other side of the courtyard ~~ gisborne presses he attack , send the spike iron ball whacking into Robin 's shield over and over , the shield start to splinter and break apart -- now the noble be cheering -- but they cheer suddenly stop short as Robin duck low , sling off he shield , grip it in he hand like a batter ram and charge at gisborne -- the sharp point of the batter shield stab hard into gisborne 's armored stomach , send he stumbling backwards to the ground , the ball & chain slip from he grasp -- ~ ~ but he grab Robin on he way down and drag the outlaw leader into the mud with he . both man frantically struggle to regain they foot in the slippery earth but gisborne be the first to succeed -- gisborne ( to he Guards ) battle ~ axe ! one of the Guards toss gisborne a wide~blade , long -shaft chopper — ~ gisborne hiwaaaarrrcrrrrrrrrrrrertii lest ) gisborne swing the axe in a great sweeping arc just above the ground , the axe-blade head atraight for Robin -~ ~~ but Robin jump just in time , clear the whizzing axe - blade and leap at . gisborne , jolting Sir guy with a vicious bead - butt ~~ gisborne stagger back , drop the axe -— Robin try to press he slim advantage , racing for six guy ~ ~ gisborne regains hig sense just in time and race at Robin -- both man charge straight for each other , hand empty of weapon , heart full of fury . 98 , they slam together , tangling in a violent embrace , pounding each other with fist , stabbing elbow into neck , smashing forearm against kidney , drive knee into groin , deliver blow after devastating blow ~~ the crowd goe wild -~ the two batter warrior finally wrestle each other to the ground , slip and slide , cover themselves in mud -- gisborne manage to get Robin in a head - lock and force the outlaw 's head towards a deep puddle ~- rebin struggle with all he strength , but to no avail ~- gravity and gisborne 's massive arm combine to keep rebin 's head move inexorably down ~~ plunk ! gisborne shove 's Robin Hood 's head into the mud puddle , face - first ~~ Robin flail wildly , desperately try to get a grip on gisborne 's neck or back or arm or leg or anything ~~ but gisborne keep the pressure on . Robin Hood suddenly stiffen , then go limp . gisborne hold on a moment longer , then finally release he grip on the lifeless husk of the outlaw , rise to he full , tower height , then raise he arm in victory . the noble go crazy -- except for marian who gaze in horror at . the sight and begin weeping uncontrollably . gisborne look up at Prince John and start to laugh . suddenly robin hood explode out of the mud , hurl himself aqt gisborne , wrap he arm around gisbornens throat and squeezy with all he might -- the crowd gasp as gisborne try to shake Robin off , beat and batter at . the desperate outlaw -~ but Robin 's surprise attack be work , gisborne start to choke and heave , unable to breathe and unable to pry Robin Hood 's grip from around he windpipe ~~ suddenly -— guard attack !!! we're under attack !!! 99 , all eye spin to the rampart of the castle wall where a sudden barrage of arrow take out the Guard ~~ close on prince JOHN the color drain from he face , replace by fear . prince JOHN »» Richard ? chaos brupt witrin the castle wall as Prince John 's soldier grab up they weapon and race to defend the Castle , Robin Hood be pulled off guy of gisborne by a handful of he Guards —- gisborne throw he back in the dungeon ! -- Robin be dragge away , still fight , as gisborne race up a set of step on the curtain wall to the battlement above up to the Castle parapete and look out between the erenelation -- gisborne's Pov the advance blement of king richard's army -- hundred of knight , men -at-arm and sergeant be charging through the city , close in on the castle , some on horseback , other on foot , townspeople diving for cover -- some cower in fear , other applauding the attack , more racing into they shop and house , lock door , shuttering window , struggle to keep the unfold chaos confine to the street and muddy wood - planke walkway outside —- villager king richard be backi GOD bless ring richard ! gisborne spin away from the sight , begin barking order to Prince John 's soldier in the courtyard below =~ gisborne secure the gatehouse door ! secure the gatehouse door ! prince jorn' soldier converge on the castle door , desperately try to shut they before Richard 's Army can get inside ~~ 100 . a few of Richard 's man manage to reach the heavy oak door , but be kill or beaten off by Prince John 's Soldiers just ag the door be slammed shut and bolt tight with a huge oak timber -- ext . nottingham - outside the castle wall - day Richard 's Army have be lock ovt but he troops do not skip a beat . a captain turn to he man and shout -- captain find I a batter ram ! the Captain 's men instantly converge on a nearby merchant — house and begin tearing and hacking it apart with they axe , secure rope round its post and beam , then use horse ~ power and man-poewer to dislodge the heavy piece of wood -~ ext , nottingham castle ~- courtyard ~ day everyone scramble in a panic , noble and commoner alike uncertain of what . to do , Prince John yell to he Herald -- prince JOHN where be my mother ? where be eleanor ? | gisborne be scream to he man ~- gisborne prepare for a breach ! man the murder -hole ! ext . nottingham — outside the castle wall ~ day Richard 's Captain and he man have improvise several crude batter ram from the post and beam of the now - wreck merchant-house . one of they fasten a cast - iron lion' hbad around the sharpen point of the ram , give it even more power -- captain steady ! aim ! attack ! 1 : Richard 's acmy begin slamming the makeshift batter ram hard against the oak door , pummeling they over and over again -- esl . nottingham castle ~ courtyard ~ day chaos continue as the door start to crack and splinter ~- 102 , in the panicking crowd , Lady marian grab up a drop sword , heft it in she hand . Old squire Thomas , push through the crowd , grab marian -~ squire thomas maid marian -- martan let go of I ! squire thomas you can not take arm against King Richard ! martian I be not , you eld idiot -- I be go to help Robin ! marian pull herself out of squixe Thomas 's gragp and charge off into the crowd — ~- ~~ then suddenly find herself face -to-face with madman haley , the misogynist lunatic who tornham rescue she from at the Hospital ! madman baley you ~- the vile beauty from Saint John 's Hospital !?! 2 no doubt it be they desire for you which set all this man at each other throat ! martan master Haley ...? ( point the sword at . hum ) stay back ! {suddenly get a idea ) do you want I to tell you what 's really go op here ...? the madman 's face fille with curiosity -~ cur to : ext . nottingham castle - gatehouse - day the assault continue , John 's crossbowmen start to rain they deadly belt down on Richard 's man -— the gatehouse door buckle with a violent spray of splinter and the Captain and he Men erupt in a victorious battle - cry as they charge through and head for the courtyard -~ 102 . -~ only to suddenly discover that they just succeed in break through the outer door of the gatehouse ~- but the inner door remain sealed . before the men-at - arm can bring they batter ram to bear on the Inner Doors , tron - plate shutter slide away to reveal . half - a- dozen murder hole directly above there head — ~ ~ - and in the next moment the Captain and he Men - at - arm be drenched in quicklime ~~ white calcium oxide that chemically burn het enough to char weod ! the men- at - arm cry out in agony as they be chemically burn alive . Prince John 's man let out a victorious cheer , none cheer more wildly than gisborne himself ... CUT tos int . dungeon corridor ~ day gisborne 's Guards quickly toss Robin into a cell , lock the door and turn to race back to the battle . suddenly ~~ madman haley die , warlocks !!! -- they be ambushed by the madman Haley , wield the sword marian find ! with the element of complete surprise on he side , it take the madman only a few moment to skewer both guard and leave they bleed on the floor . marian step out behind Haley , search the Guards and retrieve the key to Robin 's cell . madman Haley look on in pride as marian unlocks the celi poor , set Robin Hood free ... madman haley {to Robin Hood ) yea ! wow rejoin you strumpet Love and take hex back with you to Babylon , so we man of England may live together again in peace ! Robin Hood be not sure what to make of the madman but he be happy to be free , he take marian into he arm and give she a long , heartfelt kiss -- cur tos 103 . ext . nottingham — day King Richard 's army lick its wound and re-groups for another assault . the wounded Captain receive medical attention while he consult with a marshal , who pass the information to a impose man , late thirty , broad - shoulder , who sit astride a magnificent white stallion ~- the man and hie horse be drape in cloth emblazon with the face of a ferocious lion , the man be king richard himself -- and after a moment , we realize that the General be actually translating the Captain 's word from english into french : captain .. , we scout have circle the entire curtain wall and there be no weak spot to be find . the marshal translate for Richard , who nod he head grimly ~~ captain ( cont ’d ) we can attempt another escalade , but they have the tactical advantage now and we may lose more man than it will be worth . until we can construct siege engine we best atrategy be to wait they out —- hope they run out of food and water before we do . the marshal translate again , when suddenly another voice speak up , also in french : tornham ( 0.8 . ) << ¥our majestyo ..>> all eye turn to see the sheriff , on bend knee before the kalag = tornham ( cont D ) ( french with english subtitles ) < < ... , there may be a better strategy .2 > Richard smile at tornham , bid he to rise the he foot -- king richard << do it know yous ..?>> 104 . tornham << I be Robert ytornham , you sheriff of Nottingham -- the one who successfully defend cyprus for you , you majesty .>> ( a beat ) << you once let I read some of you poetry . >> cur tos ext . nottingham castle - courtyard ~ day Prince John 's man be manning the wall , rushing in every direction , readying themselves for another attack ... in the midst of it all be a nervous and troubled Prince John and a calm and slightly annoyed gisborne ~~ prince JOHN anything ? gisborne no , you Grace . prince JOHN she 's the Queen of bloody England , not a fuck ghost ! where in God 's name be my mother?el ! ( grab gisborne by the shirt ) she could be lie wounded in a ditch somewhere , injure during the attack , or -~ gisborne tf Queen Eleanor be here , we shall find she for you . prince JOHN what be that suppose to mean ? '' tf she 's here '' ~- where the hell else would she be ? do you think she would abandon I in my hour of great need ? be that what you ' think ? gishorne avoide John 's gaze . cur tos 105 . int . tunnel the shadowy mudhole lead from gisborne 's chamber inside Nottingham Castle to he hide sanctorum in the jewish Quarter of the city . only now it 's filled with man ~~ king richard ‘s army , advance in single file , armed with torch , be lead by tornham . .» CUT tos ext . nottingham castle ~- worth tower ~ day a few of Prince John 's Soldiers be re-loading they crossbow while other sharpen they sword ... suddenly the door of the North Tower burst OPEN , king richard's army pouring forth from inside , instantly killing the surprised Soldiers and charging out into nottingham castle ! captain for the rightful ruler of England --~ richard the lionhearted -~ attacki !! Richard 's Army spill from the gut of the tower , viciously cut down Prince John 's man where they stand ! ext . nottingham castle -— courtyard - day gisborne and Prince John hear the scream and sound of battle come £rom within the Castle wall ~~ prince JOHN this be impossible ... ~~ then they see richard nos army as it begin stream into the courtyard from within , laying waste to John 's man , take they totally off-quard ! gisborne spot tornham amidst the chaos ~~ fight alongstde Richard 's Men , help to defeat Prince John 's soldier -~ gisborne Son of a bitch ... prince jorn where be they coming from ?! gisborne shove past the panicked John and leap into the fray , cleaving skull right and leave with he swerd to reach the sheriff -~ 106 . but the sheriff be do the same thing , he sword draw and flail through the battle , try to reach gisborne ~~ clangg ! ies thetr sword violently cross , both man glaring at each other with hate -- gisborne , traitor ! tornbam Prince John be the traitor -~ and you be the murderer , ( a beat ) Z find you little hide place , Sir guy . I find you arrow , you sick monster . gisborne 's eye go wide for a second , then he take a vicious swipe at tornham 's head with he sword -~ tornham manage to duck just in time , but guy rear back to strike again -— ~ ~ but he be knocked backward by a galloping horse as one of Prince John 's man attempt to flee the battle ! gisborne spin to see that Richard 's man be unlocking the gatb to the castle , more and more of Richard 's Army now pouring into the courtyard ! gisborne suddenly take off running through the chaos ~-— tornham leap to he foot , spot what gishorne be head for -- gisborne reach a man on horseback , violently tear the man from he horse and jump on top of it , begin galloping he way through the battle , try desperately to reach the main gate and fxeedom ~~ robin hood suddenly appear across the courtyard , grab up a bow & arrow , aim for gisborne ! gisborne sees Robin aim for he , suddenly jerk hie horse around , grab inte the crowd of scream , fighting and cheering people and come up with lady marian ! 107 . tornham sees this from across the melee , yell -~ tornbam martanl 1 ! Sir guy use the struggle marian as a human shteld , so that Hood do not have a clear shot , and power he horse towards the gate -— Hood race after gisborne , but be cut off by the pighting -- suddenly someone block gisborne 's path ~~ it 's old squire Thomas , brandish a spear -~ gisborne let out a howl of FURY , duck squire Thomas 's spear thrust and trample the old man with he frenzied horse , then charge through the gatehouse and out of the castle ... tornham fight he way through the chaos and reach Thomas 's side ~~ tornham Thomas ! my god , Thomas , what be you think ? squire thomas ( weakly ) I try to stop he ... I try ... tornham ( fight back tear ) look what he 's do to you , Thomas . look what he 's do . Thomas pull tornham close , whisper in he ear -- squire thomas I be sorry , Robert ... I want to make for be ... over - protective . tt seem you will have to look after yourself from now on . squire Thomas die . tornham let out a scream of rage , grab a nearby riderless horse , climba on and gallop after gisborne ... cot to : 108 . ext , nottingham - MAIN gate ~ day Sir guy 's horse gallop out of the city , head for the treeline in the distance , Lady marian fighting gisborne the whole way -- marian unhand I , you bastard ! unhand mel cur tos sheriff tornham galloping he horse out of the city gate , in hot pursuit of gisborne ... ext . outskirt of nottingham ~ day tornham gallop on down the road , approach the edge of sherwood forest . he suddenly spie marian ' 's body lie splay out , face - down and motionless in the muddy road . tornham 's face fill with panic . he draw he horse to a stop , leap down , race to she side and gently roll she ovel ere her feature be splatter with blood and dirt . she look lifeless ... tornham marian ...? +e oumtil she eye flutter open . she stare up at the sheriff and manage a slight smile ~~ marian ( weakly ) not who I be expect as my rescuer ~- but youfll do . tornbam be you all xight ? do he burt you , do he -- ? marian silence he with a finger to he lip . marian he throw I off he horse . but t°li live . ( a beat} he ride into sherwood . they lock eye for a long moment . 109 , then tornham tenderly wipe blood and mud from marian ' 's face and kiss she . she do nothing at first -- then she return the kiss , tear start to form in she eye . tornham pull away from she , steeling himself for what be to come '' tornbam ( hard ) take the horse . go back to locksley . tornham rise from marian 's side and head for the tree . marian watch bim go . for a moment it look like she be about to call for he to stop and come back to she ~~ but the moment . pass and she say nothing . CUT tos ext . royal hunting lodge - day the King 's Forester stand guard at the entrance to the rustic structure . gisborne suddenly burst from the tree on horseback and strike down the guard with a slash from he sword ! gisborne jump down off of he horse , grab the Forester 's battle -~ axe and use it . to cleave off the lock on the door to the lodge . he kick OPEN the door , stare inside at the array of hunting bow and arrow lining the wall ... he suddenly hear a familiar voice cry from somewhere else in the forest ~~ tornham ( 0.8 . ) gisborne ! CUR to ; tornham sword out , push he way through the sun-dapple tree and bush , grim detexmination carve into he feature ~- suddenly he hear ~~ 110 , gisborne ( 0.9 . ) just like the Royal hunting Party , eh , sheriff ? tornhan narrow he eye , grip he sword —- a razor - sharp arrow suddenly come whizzing at he from out of the tree , just miss he head , imbed in a tree behind he ! torcnham cringe in pain , feel blood on he ear where the arrow wicked he . tornham charge he way into a tangle of heavy branch , dive to the ground , barely evading another arrow which sail just over he head ! gisborne ( 0.8 . ) how do it feel be the stag , tornhan ? maybe I will skin you corpse , cook it up and eat it when this ig all over , God know I do worse in Ireland . tornham sees something through the tree , catch a glimpse of gisborne's horse between shard of thick foliage , duck down and try to quietly outflank he ... tornham cautiously make he way through the brush , sweat start to stain he brow , more blood leak from he clipped ear ... he tighten hie grip on he swoxd as he catch another glimpse of gisborne 's horse through the tree , close now ... tornham steady himself , then leap out of the brush , attacking gisborne from behind with a ferocious war cry -- but the horse be riderless . gisberne be go . tornham hesitates for a moment ~~ then one of gisborwe's arrow come tear through the air , impaling yornhem in the leg . tornham scream in agony and go down . gisborne ( 0.8 . ) remember when I tell you I know nothing about the longbow , sheriff ? icly . al . tornham whip up he sword just in time to block another arrow from gisborne , the arrow ricocheting off the blade with a spray of SPARKS . tornham frantically pull himself to he foot and desperately crash through the tree , limping , try to escape , arrow tear through the aix around he — tornham keep cun for all he 's worth -- then catch a glimpse of a stag ~~ perhaps the very same one from the Royal hunt all that month ago . ' the noble animal silently watch hide . «+ for one bare moment they eye meet -- and the terror in tornham 's eye show he be now the one be hunt . another arrow imbed itself into tornham 's shoulder and he scream again , lose he grip on he sword . he try to reclaim hie blade but another arrow split the ground , just miss he finger , cut he off from the sword . tornham , blood leak from he shouldex and he leg , turn and painfully continue to race across the ground of the forest , weaponless -~- ext . royal hunting lodge ~ day tornham burst out of the tree , sees the hunt lodge and charge towards it —- -- then trip and stumble over the brush - cover corpse of the King 's Forester . tornham quickly pull himself to he foot and lunge into the wooden structure -- int . royal hunting lodge - day tornham wipe sweat and blood from he brow , sees the hunting bow and arrow , grab up the first longbow and handful cf arrow he can find -+ ext . sherwood forest — day gisborne continue to stalk he prey , arrow notched in he bow -~ 112. gisborne ( yelling into the wood ) you know , sheriff -~ the irish dub John '' the red-hand '' ... cur to : tornham bleed badly , gisborne 's arrow still protrude from he leg and shoulder , lean up against a tree and notching he own arrow with a tremble hand ~~ gisborne ( 0.8 . ) «-- but the truth be , he be not willing to get he hand red_ enough . I '' the one who do all he kill for he . tornham sees gisborne through the brush , take aim and fire ! gisborne look up in surprise as tornham 's arrow sail at he -~ then miss , thudding harmlessly into a tree . gisborne ( smile ) Close , sheriff ~~ but not close enough , gisborne whip up he bow and notches a arrow at lightn - fast speed , shoot back at where tornham ' 's arrow come ! tornham leap out of the way , narrowly escape be impale by Sir guy 's return shot ~- then race back into the foliage , notching another arrow as he go ... soth men begin stalking each other firing arrow after arrow , barely miss one another , one hunt the other , both try desperately fer a kill -- a duel of arrow erupt between the archer -- gisborne the ace , train on the battlefield ... and ternham the amateur , train by Robin Hood 's lover , Lady marian — ~ 113 . torneam pop up from behind a tree , get gisborne in he sight -~ gisborne sees tornham , whip up he bow & arrow and let fly before fornham gan let fly —- gisborneas arrow rip through tornham 's bow , shatter it to piece , splinter fly into he face , cut into he fleshi tornham drop the remain of the bow and flee for he life , charging back through the underbrush , weak from log of blood , desperate -— ~ gisborne laugh and give chase ~- ext . oak cave — day it 's the entrance to the forest cave form from thick , down oak tree -- where the boar be kill on the Royal hunting Party month ago . tornham emerge from the brush , sebs the cave and drag himself inside the cocoon of fall oak , try to catch he breath -- tornham stare at gisborne 's arrow protrude from bis _ shoulder -~- then tear a piece of wood bark from one of the fall oak , put it between he tooth and bite down bard . he reach back and break off the feathered end of the arrow — — then grip the shaft of the arrow just above the bloody arrowhead , fight back a ery of agony and pull , slowly and . agonizingly vanking the rest of the arrow from he shoulder . six guy voice again , thie time get closer ... gisborne ( 0.8 . ) i learn a lot about myself in Ireland , sheriff -- and T put that knowledge to goad use for Prince John . but then we have to come home -- to a land at peace . John have no interest in go on crusade , so I need another outlet for my talent . tornham reach down to the other arrow -- the one jatting out of he leg ~~ break off the feathered end and slowly pull that one out as well . a shadow suddenly fall over the entrance to the oak cave -~ tornham focus he pain - blurred vision and sees guy of gisborne stand over he , bow sling over he shoulder , gword in hand . gisborne grins -- the deeply - satisfied grin of a man who have be wait for a reward for some time and be finally about to receive it : gisborne you head will make a fine trophy , Robert tornham . gisborne raise he sword with twonhand , prepare to lop off tornham' head -- but tornbam suddenly grip the arrow that he pull out of he own shouldex and stab it into gisborne's leg with he bare hand ! gisborne howl in agony , fall to one knee in front of toxnbam -~ yornham grip the other axrow -- the one that he pull out of he own leg ~~ and stab it into gisborneas chest ! gisborne gurgle up blood . he hesitates ... still clutching he sword ... still try to bring one last blow down on the sheriff ~~ then gisborne collapse in a crumpled heap next to tornham ... dissolve to : ext , street of nottingham ~— day the bettie be over . the banner of richard the lionhbarted fly over the City , flap in the late afternoon breeze . villager and noble alike cheer as King Richard ride through the town astride hig herse , wave to he people , part of a royal victory parade . and at he side , regal and relaxed as ever , cide he mother , queen bleanor . dissolve tos 115 , int . nottingham castle - great hall ~ day empty -- except for Prince John . he hold a SMALL dagger in he hand , examine it , let the blade hover over he heart , he stab it down -- and start to CUT -~ CUT tos ext . nottingham castle - courtyard ~ day King Richard trot he great warhorse right to the front step of the great hall -- then urge the stallion to proceed on up the stone step ... the knight and men-at- arm of he escort dismount , draw there weapon and follow he up the step , as do he mother , Eleanor of aquitaine , show impressive agility for a woman of she age -~ cur tos close on prince JOHN as tear start to well up in he eye and streak down he faca ~~ int . nottingham castle ~ great hall ~ day the massive oak door swing OPEN and King Richard march in , surrounded by Knights and Men - at - arm serve as bodyguard . suddenly they all freeze in they iron boot , they eye glue to something at the far end of the Hall ... king richard ( french with English subtitles ) < «heave we -- all of you .>> the koight and Men ~ at - ~ arme turn and exit , only Queen Eleanor remain . o.« king richard ( cont 'd ) << shut the door , mother , >> eleancr do as she son instruct . as she do , the sound of painful sobbing carry from the far end of the Hall ... Prince John lie double -over , head bury in he knee , dxesaed only in he underclothes , he fine royal garment of silk , satin and fur CUT to shred in a pile beside he . lie . Richard stare down at John for a moment ~-- then speak to he in french with english subtitles : king richard << do not be afraid , little brother . you be young and have be the victim of bad advice . you counselor shall pay for this .>> ( grow impatient ) << now get up and put some clothes on , >> John leap to he foot , throw himself into Richard 's arm ana hug he tight -- prince JOHN forgive I , Richard . forgive I ... Richard stand there for a moment ... then hug he back . Eleanor watch , a content smile grace she line but levely face ... dissolve to : int . tornham 's bedchamber ~ night pale moonlight trickle in through the shadow . a fireplace burn , warming the cold stone of the room . tornham lie in bed , unconscious , he wound bandaged . a female hand in a noblewoman 's glove reach out and touch tornham 's forehead . tormham 's eye flutter open . he focus on the hand ... tornham ( barely avdible ) marian ...? but the glove hand belong to Eleanor of aguitaine . queen eleanor sorry to disappoint you . tornham narrow he eye at the Queen -— then slowly , painfully , pulis himself into a sit position in the bed . tornham forgive I , you highness . ll. queen eleanor no apology necessary , sheriff . you have be overcome by you wound for several day . that 's more than enough excuse for anything you might have say to offend my Royal sensibility . tornham notice that Eleanor be hold a dagger in she glove hand -~ the one Prince John cut off he royal garment with . torneam so , .. who be we King ? queen eleanor Richard rule England once more . no small thanks to you . tornham notice a few fly beginning to buzz around the dagger . tornham and what of gisborne ? queen eleanor sic guy be dead . the people say that the brave and unjustly accuse outlaw Robin Hood take he vengeance on the murderer ~~ Sir guy -~ put two arrow into he ... and algo wound Prince John 's tyrannical tax collect lackey , the sheriff of Nottingham . ( a dry smile ) what ig after brave Sir Robin discover gisborne 's hide sanatum of horror and help the rightful King , Richard , regain he Castle . ternham smile with bitter amusement . tornbam he seem to have do it all , this Robin of locksley . queen eleanor , yes . he 's quite the here . {a beat ) people need heroes , Sir Robert . ( more ) 118 . queen eleanor ( cont would ) Men like yourself , steepe in law and arithmetic , help a kingdom to function properly but the kingdom itself would not exist without man like my Richard -- and you Robin of locksley . they be the sort who will make man proud to be English -- the way charlemagne and roland make they proud to be french . Eleanor take out the death - list that tornham find in gisborne 's sanctum . she stroll over to the fireplace , toss the death - list into the flame and watch the parchment burn ... ' tornham ( quietly ) what do the victim all have in common , you highness ? be they all supporter of Richard ? bleanor raise a eyebrow at tornham , clearly impressed . tornham ( cont 'd ) gisborne be just follow order , be not he ? do Prince John 's bid . queen eleanor do not mourn for gisborne . the man be a beast . tornham who be worgee , you highness ? a mad dog -~ or the master who knowingly set that dog to prey on innocent victim ? queen elbanor my Little boy 's action be regrettable , yes . but he be of Royal blood --- and he mistake , no matter how bad , must not be allow to taint the throne . and as for who ig '' innocent '' -- I suggest you leave that to God , bleanor study the wounded sheriff for a moment ~- then step to he bedside and lean in close , the dagger still clutch in she hand ~~ lig . queen eleanor ( cont ‘d ) ( a tight whisper ) you know , Sir guy do not die in the wood , sheriff . he be still alive when the both of you be find . he be bring back to the Royal physician ... but they be powerless to do anything except watch he .. expire . the sheriff stare as more fly land on the dagger ~~ a slight bloodstain visible on the blade as it catch a sliver of moonlight . tornham and what be my fate to be , you highness ? Eleanor study the sheriff for a moment ... then gently kiss he forehead and rise . queen eleanor as you well know , the people have nothing leave to tax and time be very hard -- even for the nobility . the only way Richard will be able to raise fund sufficient for he needa will be to auction off every key government post in the kingdom -— include that of '' sheriff of Nottingham . '' I be afraid you be not wealthy enough to keep you job . tornham after all this , Richard be leave England again ? the Queen shrug -~ queen eleanor what do you expect ? that he would git on he throne and reign over a kingdom at peace ? pleasa . my Richard belong in France ~~ where troubadour sing and pasaion rule . not here in you land of bailiff and '' legal precedent . '' tornham look away from the Queen , stare into the fireplace ... 120 . queen eleanor do not worry . for you service to you King -- and you future discretion -- you shall have a post in Richard 's army when he sail back to France to reconquer the land he lose while in prison . bleanor finally put away the dagger , look down at the bandage tornham ... and smile benevolent . queen eleanor ( cont 'd ) it 's the least we can do . dissolve to : ext . edge of sherwood forest ~ day a beautiful , sunny morning . tornham stand by he horse , he wound still bandage , but clean . Robin Hood walk up to he , resplendent in noble finery ... hood sheriff . tornham Lord locksley . Robin Hood can not help but smile ~~ hood I must admit , I like the sound of that . tornham as do all of Nottingham . hood but net you , eh? torneam ( simply ) you be not the Arrow killer . since King richacd see fit to pardon you many other offense and xestore you land and title , it be net my place to dissent . hood but it . could be you place to remain sheriff€ of Nottingham . there 's no doubt you be the best man for the job . and during my ... ( more ) 121 . hood ( cont would ) less lawful period ... I manage to accumulate enough fund for you to put a hefty bid in for it . ( shrugging ) I would simply be repaying a debt . tornham consider for a moment -- then shake he head . tornham that 's ... very generous of you . but I could not purchase the post of chief officer of the law with steal money . Robin Hood laugh out loud -- hood can not say I do not try . toxnham sinile tightly : tornham tell I , Robin -- after live so long as a wild outlaw in the forest ... will you be content inside the wall of you manorhouse ? Robin Hood grin -- hood if it 's a manorhouse fit for a king ... why not ? tornham why not indeed . tornham turn , mount he horee , turn back to Robin ~~ tornham ( cont 'd ) May you spend many happy hour in the wood , all of they hunt -~ and none of they break the law . tornham staxt hie horse off , but rebin Hood bleck he path : hood and what about you , Robert of tornham ~~ master of law and order ? where shall you go and what shall you do ? tornham I be not sure . the King have offer I a post -- but I do not know if it want to be part of another invade army . 122 . hood well ... whether you be hack you way through France with King Richard ... or teach law to spoiled student at Oxford ... you will always be the sheriff of Nottingham to I , tornham himself can not help but amile a little at that one . he reach out and offer he hand ~~ tornham I ' will take that as a compliment . Robin Hood take it in he own and the two man shake . hood now , if you will forgive I , I have a wedding to attend . Robin Hood turn and stride away ... tornham watch as Robin Hood rejoins a very large and very joyful wedding party decorate with garland of flowers ... Robin Hood take he place as the GROOM . «and of course the bride be marian . close on tornham up in he saddle , take one last look , he mind fill with thought of what might have be . close on martian catch tornham ' 's eye and casting a glance back at he . they eye ave lock together for what seem like a eternity —- then marian finally turn away , she attention go back to the wedding Party and she future husband , Robin of locksley . Robert . tornham , the sheriff of Nottingham , turn he horse around and start riding away , never to return ... except in folktale , myth ... and legend . zhe bnd