novitiate by : maggie bett c/o maven picture LLC 148 spring Street NYC , NY 10012 over black . held for a beat in the darkness and silence , a series of write text appear upon the screen . in 1959 , Pope John the xxiii assemble the second vatican Council . the Catholic Church have not assemble a ecumenical council in nearly 100 year . between 1962 and 1965 , the Council , also refer to as vatican ii , issue 16 document . the aim of this document be a broad relaxation of the Church , with a eye towards project a more welcoming image . the word then fade leave only a hollow empty space . before pierce through the void , we begin to hear a voice . a young girl , no more than 19 year old , whisper so softly and intimately . sister cathleen ( v.o. ) so many people settle for a love that do not ask much of they , that they do not have to make any real sacrifice for ... I do not want that . I want a ideal love , that ask everything of I . that I would have to sacrifice everything for ..... her voice too fade , just as a echo of distant music begin to fill in - requiem , pie jesu / Gabriel fauré - gradually rise , encircle and imbue the atmosphere with a quality as solemn as soar . fade up : ext . courtyard . colonnade - dawn Ray of light and sunshine pierce in little pocket , through the courtyard of this 20th century version of a ancient monastery . a bell begin to chime in the distance , awaken the day . we be now move down a long exterior walkway , follow a massive expanse of big black billow fabric , that seem float along the floor as soft as wave in water . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 2 . pulling back , we realize we be actually follow behind a faceless nun from this particular monastery of woman , the sister of beloved rose . she seem to move with a strange sense of urgency , the hem of she habit dance behind she . reverend mother ( 0.s. ) we father , who art in Heaven , hallow be thy name .... where be you ? int . chapel - morning now inside the order 's sacred chapel , we drift through the space on we own - revealing a panoramic resplendence of vault mural , the immaculate altar of christ , silk - like stream of soft and hazy light that drip in through window above . at the same time and all alone within the shadow , the same nun have move to the floor in the middle of the chapel , lose herself in prayer . she whisper . reverend mother where be you ? where be you ? where be you ?... why be you do this to we ?... now when I need you most ? but we be suddenly jolted by the abrupt and jarring SOUND of a ... int . novitiate dormitory . hallway - morning angle on a old wooden clapper . as we now find ourselves inside the long central hallway of a small dormitory for girl , know as the '' novitiate '' . we follow behind as another nun , sister genevieve , 47 - gradually make she way down the hall , clapper in hand . it 's 5 be and she be loudly ' clack 's beside the door of each and every girl that be house here . it 's she job to awaken they all , make sure they be never late for mass . int . novitiate dormitory . various cell - morning move one by one into a number of the private room , call '' cell '' , that make up the dorm . a variety of young women - sister charlotte , emily , candace - be suddenly jolted awake once the clapper land at they door ! they all quickly bolt from they bed , shake off the drowsiness and hurry to the floor to pray . int . sister cathleen 's novice cell - morning before in one room in particular , contain no more than a simple metal frame bed and a icon of christ along the wall , we find sister cathleen - a stun and ethereal young novice of only 19 . cathleen 's also already wide awake , eye wide open and stare straight at the door . as the sound of the clapper then reach cathleen , she too hurry from she bed to the floor . a gentle call then emanate in from the hall . sister genevieve ( 0.s. ) benedicamus domino ... with cathleen and all she fellow novice call back . novice in unison deo gratsias .... moment later , cathleen begin to undress out of she nightgown and into she white veil novice habit . for the brief moment that she 's also leave naked and unclothed , we notice how awkwardly she hold she nightgown to she body , struggle to climb into one garment while still clutching the other . clearly the shame of she nudity make she so uncomfortable , even when she 's all alone . close on cathleen 's face as she at last pin on she veil , so effortlessly without the benefit of a mirror . right before we eye , she 's transformed from a girl to a nun . int . novitiate dormitory . staircase - morning now the entirety of the novitiate , some 15 young woman in total , all rapidly descend the dormitory staircase one by one : no more than a flurry of pass foot and float veil . ext . convent - morning the sound of the bell chime even louder , as the same group of novice now wordlessly walk in two tight line through the hazy morning light of the courtyard . they be moreover such a exquisite look procession , almost military - like in they lock and step unison . they seem to all move together like a balletic flock of bird . somewhere tuck into the line we also observe cathleen , demonstrate such composure in she ' custody of the eye 's : with arm softly cross along she stomach and each hand hide in the opposite sleeve . with eye perpetually lower and lock , in a blink - less downward gaze . beat . sister cathleen ( v.o. ) I be 17 year old when I first come to the convent . 18 , when I enter the novitiate . int . chapel - morning back within the chapel , the entire community of rose have now gather for the daily ritual of Mass . as a priest stand at the altar , back to the congregation , we watch he hand begin to carefully lay out he accessories for the service . at the same time as we also peer through the pews to see the room pack to the gill with over 200 nun , all range in age from 16 - 100 . move all around and through they , from one pew to the next , we look deeply into so many of they still and solemn face . the collective sense of reverence and rapture , so palpable you can almost taste it . priest ( 0.s. ) mea culpa , meat culpa , meat maxima culpa ... baptistam , sanctos apdstolo petrum et paulum , omne sancton .... oremus . and suddenly all be silent , dead silent . a silence so rich , deep and voluptuous , it create its 's own presence in the room . such a powerful silence that be break only by the occasional cough or breathe , before ... sister cathleen ( v.o. ) and I be sure a lot of people could probably never understand it . never understand why someone so young , with they whole life in front of they , would want to give it all away to God . we then slowly begin to pan across the face of all the novice , all knelt together in a line before altar - notice how shockingly young and innocent they all be . most of this girl , all now in they final stage of training to be nun , be barely even out of high school . cathleen ( v.o. ) they think of nun today , and all they see be a bunch of old woman ... woman who could not find husband . woman who , for whatever reason , just could not make it in the outside world . so run off to a monastery to escape everything ... we then finally land on cathleen , just as she eye glance up with such long at the altar . she just stare straight up at it , while all other head around she be bow . cathleen ( v.o. ) what they do not understand though , be beneath everything else ... we be woman in love . cathleen then finally close she eye , give herself over to prayer . she whisper . sister cathleen oh Lord , I adore you . you be all I could ever want . fade out over black . a new title now appear on the screen . 10 year earlier just as the sound of some iconic feel 1950 's pop song begin to drift in , together with that of a far off , distant train horn . fade up : rural tennessee . various - day Music from a local Tennessee radio station play through the background , as we come to a quaint series of tableaus of the rural South as it once be , the lose and forget feel of a great american heartland . we see great wide open farm , the quietude of suburban street , church steeples tower high above . at the same time , we begin to hear the echo of a church bell . ext . local catholic church - day it 's Sunday morning with the church bell ringing , call this small Tennessee town to mass . a exterior of the local clapboard church reveal a small stream of arrive local , smile and greeting each other along the way . before a car pull up , and .... nora harris ( 35 ) - cathleen 's somewhat hard scrabble , though deeply loving and devote mother . together with a much young , cathleen ( 7 ) - both step out into the parking lot . nora look around for a moment , check the car mirror for any lipstick in she tooth , before she finally glance up at the church with a noticeable air of skepticism and anxiety . nora come on honey , let 's give this a whirl ... at the entrance , nora and cathleen be then suddenly stop by some husky , wide - grin man in he 5as . already seem a bit '' over friendly '' for nora 's taste . church usher why nora Harris , I do not believe it ! be that really you ? nora turn , feign surprise . nora oh yeah . hey Rob , how you be ? you be good ? church usher ( turn to cathleen ) yes ma ’am , I most certainly have . but wait a minute now , please do not tell I - be this really cathleen ? nora yeah can you believe it , growin’ up so fast . he then bend down to cathleen , squeezing she cheek . church usher hey pretty lady , now you know you be not allow to grow up that fast ! soon you 'il be taller than I ! he turn back to nora . church usher ( cont ’d ) gotta say , I be a little surprised to see you here ... Long as I have know you , I do not think I have ever see you within 500 yard of Sunday worship . nora yeah well , do not get you hope up . I be not here to be save or nothing .... just figure it be about time cathleen have a chance to see for herself , what religion 's all about - or ' suppose 's to be about ... besides , we be a little bored . church usher all right , good enough for I . why do not you come on in , we will find you a seat . nora and cathleen then follow the man inside . local priest ( 0.s. ) bless be God and the Father ... int . local catholic church - day enter mid-sermon , a local priest stand address a small but pack house , nora and cathleen squeeze into the crowd . local priest because although you have not see he , you still love he . although you do not know he , you still believe in he . you feel he presence all around you without know he name , and you rejoice with a indescribable ecstasy ... for if there 's one thing we know , it 's that God 's love be unconditional ... seemingly woefully unimpress , nora glance at she watch . she then glance at cathleen , surprised by how rivete and attentive she daughter seem . Young cathleen just stare in wonder , in much the same way we see she stare before . ext . harris household - dusk a hush of evening fall over this quiet rural street , somewhere along the poorer more neglect part of town . no bigger than a trailer , sit the Harris 's little house . int . harris household - night Inside they cramped little home , nora and cathleen sit together at the kitchen table . a cigarette dangle from nora 's mouth , as she spoon out veggy on they plate . nora really wish you have eat more honey , you know I worry about you sometimes ... nora reach to push away the hair from cathleen 's face . nora ( cont 'd ) so , do you like go to that church today ? cathleen yeah , I do . nora really ? what would you like about it most ? cathleen I do not know ? I guess I just think it be peaceful . nora peaceful ? huh ? yeah , I guess it be kind of peaceful . cathleen what kind of Church be it again ? nora Catholic . cathleen be we Catholic ? nora no , we be not really anything I suppose . Truth be , I do not particularly believe in religion myself , think it 's a waste of time ... but once you get older , you can make up you own mind . a sudden glare of headlight then flood the kitchen window , together with the SOUND of a car pull up . nora 's eye quickly turn and we notice the change of expression . ext . harris household - night just outside the house , the figure of a youngish man hop out of a old pick - up truck , start head for the front door with a bit of a wobbly step . int . harris household - night and now chuck harris , 35 - nora 's deadbeat husband and cathleen 's barely present father - finally come through the door . not only that but right from the moment he enter , we can already tell there 's no place this guy less enjoy be than home . Chuck head straight for cathleen , hugging and kissing she . it 's unclear if he 's drunk or not . chuck hey , hey ! hey baby , how 's my girl , how 's daddy 's little girl ?... what do you do today baby , huh ?. do you have a good day today ? cathleen daddy ! where be you ! we be wait for you for so long ! where be you ! all while nora just stare with dagger in she eye .. nora a fair question . where you be Chuck ? Chuck just look at she and shrug he shoulder . it 's not a question he care to answer . chuck huh ? what do you mean by that ? nowhere in particular . just out , that 's all . nora oh ? Cause we have be sit here all day wait on you . you never hear of a phone , or ... chuck nora please , I be home . and yes , I have hear of a phone . nora ( under she breath ) great , you have hear of a phone Chuck . great Chuck , that 's just great ... 10 . Chuck head to the fridge to grab a beer . then finally turn back to nora , it 's clear thing be about to get unpleasant . chuck what do you want I to say ? something in particular you would like to hear I say ? tell I what it be , I do not give a fuck , I will say it . nora I do not know , I guess I just want you to be a man , that 's all . be a fuck father - maybe learn how to sacrifice a little .... chuck oh gimme a break , you serious with that !? I be a man ! Christ ’sake , I be out , now I be home ! look at I , here I be , home !.. so just drop it , leave I alone ! nora Drop it !? seriously !!?... you know what just , fuck you Chuck ! chuck fuck I ? no , fuck you nora ! you know how tired I be of this shit ! every single time , I gotta hear this all this shit !.. well I be sorry I be not the person you want I to be . I be fuck home ! nora not the person I want you to be !? not the person I want you to be !? no , cause you be not even close !!... you be the worst , you hear I !! the worst ! chuck I be out ! that 's all !! you know what forget it , I can not fuck stay here ! Chuck then smashes he plate down on the floor , head back for the door . while nora herself jump from the table , suddenly scream and wildly chase after he . nora where do you think you be go ! you be leave again !? you can not do that ! you can not keep leave we , whenever you want ! you have a daughter for Christ ’sake ! I hate you , you hear I ..... 11 . finally the door slam leave cathleen all alone . the little girl just sit in utter silence , as she parent yell , cry and scream at each other outside . beat . ext . abandoned road - afternoon it 's now 5 year later , 1957 , as we hold on a old and dusty road deep in the middle of Tennessee farmland . Far in the distance we also just make out the sight of two figure move toward we . too hazy to see they face , all we really see be they big billowing black clothing . ext . harris household - day the late summer sun blaze as a now older cathleen - 12 year old - stands beside nora , help she mom as they hang a load of laundry together . fuss with a clothes pin , nora 's eye then slowly do a double take notice the bizarre sight of this two elderly nun - sister gloria and eleanor , both 50 's - make they way straight up to she house . nora Excuse I ? hey there ! can I help you , sister ? one of the sister turn and smile . the other just nod . sister gloria be you Mrs. Harris ? nora yes . sister gloria my name be sister gloria , this be sister Eleanor . we be from we Lady of bless sorrow , the parochial School just up the road ... you know it ? bewildere , nora just look at cathleen then back at the nun . nora uh , yeah ?.... yeah , I think I know the one you mean ? 12 . int . harris household . live room - later a little later in they family live room , nora scramble to lay out she best tea seat for the sister . while cathleen sit quietly beside she mother , just stare at the nun in awe . sister eleanor we be very proud to say that it 's the nun , sister like we , that build the Catholic school system in this country . Brick by brick . nora smile as she pour they both tea . nora that 's nice . sister gloria you little one be so lovely by the way . May I ask how old ? nora huh ? oh , cathleen 's 12 . just get ready to start middle school actually . nora finally sit down , glance quietly at a small pamphlet on the table . a brochure for the sister 's school . nora ( cont 'd ) look I appreciate you come by sister , I do . but truth be , we be just not that religious ... I mean we try to go to church when we can , you know like everybody else .... but the truth be my husband , cathleen 's father , he leave we awhile back . so it 's just I take care of the two of we and ... sister gloria I be so sorry to hear that Mrs. Harris , God cherish you strength ... sister eleanor of course , that can not be easy ... one thing you should know though , we door be open to everyone , practice and non - practice alike . sister gloria we first priority be just to provide a exceptional education . do not every child deserve that ? 13 . nora look at the brochure again . she then turn to cathleen still stare mesmerize at this strange woman . nora well how much do it cost ? I do not know if we can really afford a fancy school like this .... the two sister just look at each other and smile . sister eleanor that 's just it , right now we be offer full scholarship ! on a first come basis . ext . blessed sorrow - day the first day of school have arrive . along the well groom grounds , ton of excitable young teen and preteen girl bound about the campus in they blessed sorrow uniform . int . blessed sorrow . classroom - day Inside a small , traditional 1950s classroom - a billow of fabric then come drift along the floor , wind through a row of school desk . two girl in the back giggle and pass note , at the same time as a older nun teacher in full habit stop dead center , glance around at they all . nun teacher silence girl , silence . so I have a question for all of you - how many in this room be baptize Catholic ? as the majority of girl then immediately shoot up they hand , cathleen just look at the ground . nun teacher ( cont ’d ) do not worry , this be not a judgement on anyone 's background ... the reason I ask , be because I be wonder if any of you know what the difference be - between the Catholic religion and all other religion ? Protestant , baptist , Jews ? a few girl giggle , other roll they eye and yawn . before the teacher finally go to the board and slowly write out : '' love and sacrifice '' 14 . nun teacher ( cont ’d ) Love and sacrifice . of course there be many different way , that people choose to show gratitude to they Lord ... but I believe what differentiate the Catholic religion , from so many other religion , be the full extent we be willing to go to demonstrate we passion ... because if there 's one thing we all know for sure , there 's just no such thing as true love without sacrifice . seat in back , cathleen look up intrigue . as if something about this strange notion appeal to she . ext . blessed sorrow - day it 's recess hour on another day . though as all the other girl run and play , cathleen just sit by herself against a tree . somewhat of a loner . another teacher , a rather attractive young nun of roughly 30 , then gradually approach . sister margaret - not only one of the ' cooler 's teacher at school , but a woman whose very presence exude a ocean of understanding . sister margaret hey there . how come you be sit all alone ? you do not want to join the other ? cathleen suddenly look up . cathleen ( shyly ) huh ? they be all talk about they boyfriend . I do not have a boyfriend ... sister margaret oh no ? I neither . I be tell they be overrate . cathleen laugh . sister Margaret wink sweetly and sit down beside she . sister margaret ( cont 'd ) I be sister Margaret by the way . you be cathleen , right ? I have not have you in my class yet , but I have notice you ... cathleen ( surprised ) you have ? 15 . sister margaret sure , I notice you because you be shy like I . you seem to like to be by yourself a lot ? to think a lot ? cathleen ( self-conscious ) I guess so ... sister margaret it 's okay , I like to be by myself and think a lot too . cathleen just stare at she for a moment . cathleen you do ? about what ? sister margaret ( thoughtfully ) probably seem stupid , but mostly about God . whenever I be alone , I like to sit by myself and just contemplate he , wonder about he , even love he inside my mind ... I know a lot of girl at this school find that quite silly . cathleen look at sister Margaret so captivate . cathleen I do not think it 's silly . sister margaret you do not ? well thank you for that . they both laugh . sister Margaret then quickly stand back up , reach a hand down to cathleen . sister margaret ( cont 'd ) come here , I want to show you something . can I show you something ... int . blessed sorrow . general chapel - day now inside the school 's tiny chapel , votive candle illumine the altar , highlight a tiny wooden house and a halo of gold light . a tall statue of christ loom proudly in the corner . the door to the chapel then open , with sister Margaret quietly lead cathleen inside and into a pew . sister Margaret stare at the altar in a strange sort of reverential silence , then whisper to cathleen . 16 . sister margaret you see that little light in there . that 's he light , God 's light ... and the statue behind , that 's the savior of course , Jesus Christ . cathleen just take it all in . cathleen I know who they be . but why be you show this to I ? sister margaret just because someone like to be alone , do not mean they do not sometimes still crave intimacy . cathleen but you really think God and Jesus be real ? like real the way other thing be real ? sister margaret of course I do . more than do . because I be marry to they silly . do not you know that , all nun be bride of Christ . cathleen now look at she , so confuse . cathleen huh ? what do you mean ? but why , I bet you could have marry anyone you want to ? sister margaret ( blush a little ) oh , I be not so sure about that . and either way , I doubt any other relationship would have be quite as fulfil ... it 's twice as hard to love God as anybody else . which for I , mean my love be twice as worthy . another school bell chime in the distance . sister margaret ( cont 'd ) ooops , I gotta go . get class . sister Margaret then get up , look down at cathleen . sister margaret ( cont 'd ) well come on , you come ? cathleen think it over , turn back to Margaret sweetly . 17 . cathleen if it 's okay by you sister , maybe I ' 11l stay a bit . if that 's okay ? Margaret nod , then quietly head out . cathleen wait , turn again towards the statue and the flame . int . blessed sorrow . general chapel - evening much later now , the chapel be completely dark and seemingly empty . that be except for cathleen , who continue to just sit all alone in the pews , unable to take she eye off the altar . she pause a moment , then put she hand together and start to pray . it 's clear she 's never do this before , but it seem to come naturally . dissolve to : int . blessed sorrow . general chapel - evening before in the exact same position and as if the prayer itself have never end , we see a much older cathleen - sitting in the same very pew with the very same rapt look on she face . though now it 's 1962 , and cathleen 17 . a old woman seat in a front then start to walk out of the Chapel , nodd and smile at cathleen as she pass , who nod and smile back . old woman ' night cathleen . cathleen see you later miss Williams . int . harris household . live room - early morning it 's well before the crack of dawn as cathleen wander through she house , try not to wake nora . she 's then suddenly startle to discover a strange man by himself in they live room , in the middle of pull up he pants . shock , cathleen just lower she eye , try not to look at the man as she pass . cathleen hi. 18 . clearly startle , this guy can not wait to get out of there . nora 's one night stand oh hey , how be you ? int . harris household . kitchen - early morning we hear the sound of the front door slam , as cathleen then enter the kitchen , surprised to discover nora there , just stare out the window smoking a cigarette as she watch he go . cathleen who be he ? nora turn , startle . nora huh ? oh just a friend of mine , that 's all . cathleen ( under she breath ) another one ? nora just look at cathleen and frown . beat . nora what be you do up so early anyway ? cathleen I set my alarm early , so I could go to mass before school . slightly take aback , nora try not to show judgement . nora oh ?... oh , okay ... you need a ride ? cathleen no , it 's okay . thanks though . cathleen then start to head back down the hall , before nora think it over and call out to she again . nora ( 0.c ) hey cathleen ... she come back , stop in the threshold . cathleen yeah ? 19 . nora you be not , ummmm .... get too into God and all that , be you ? cathleen huh ? what do you mean ? nora I do not know ? I guess I just mean there 's more to life than , you know , praying and go to church and all that ... you do know that , right honey ? cathleen ( unconvincing ) yeah , of course , I know . int . blessed sorrow . general chapel - day in the Chapel again , cathleen return to she daily practice of just sit in church , meditate in the pews . we hold on she like this for a long moment . before gradually a feel come over she , and she slowly turn almost as if call by something , to look toward the statue of christ . barely even blink , cathleen then rise from the pews and begin to walk straight to the statue . moment later as she now stand face to face with it , she look straight into Christ 's eye , while he seem to look back at hers , and almost as if she and the statue be share they own secret conversation . cathleen take a deep breath , tear begin to well in she eye . int . blessed sorrow . teacher's office - day sitting across the desk from sister Margaret in she office , cathleen seem almost breathless as she try to explain . cathleen I decide something today sister . I decide I want to give myself to God . I want to be marry to God like you . I want to be a nun . sister Margaret look shocked for a minute , then smile . 20 . sister margaret really ? you be serious ?... I do not realize you have even be think about it so seriously cathleen ? cathleen I be in the chapel the other day , praying like I always do , when suddenly this feel come over I . something I have never feel before . like this presence all around I , tell I , tell I ... sister Margaret continue look at she , search she eye . sister margaret telling you to be a nun ...? cathleen I think so ... sister Margaret smile . sister margaret so many girl you age pray and pray for a vocation that never come . if it really be his voice call you , consider yourself very lucky . cathleen just smile , start to blush . sister margaret ( cont 'd ) you be such a passionate girl , you remind I of myself at you age .... I be happy for you cathleen . I think you be make the right decision . int . harris household . live room - day later in the night nora and cathleen be now alone in they live room . cathleen just watch as nora pace back and forth , seem about to explode . nora a nun !? what be you talk about , a nun !? that 's just fuck crazy cathleen , where be this even come from !? cathleen I know you would not understand ! it 's fine if you do not understand ... 21 . nora it 's not that I do not understand , it 's just that it 's the stupidest thing I have ever hear !! you be tell I you want to go throw you life away in some convent and you expect I to understand !? cathleen but it 's not throw my life away ! it 's not throw my life away ! nora you think I want this !? you think I want to be a single mother like this !? I do the best I could ! I try !? cathleen what do that have anything to do with it ! this decision do not have anything to do with that ! it just have to do ... nora with what !? Jesus Christ , what the fuck cathleen !? what do it have to do with !? what be this all about !? cathleen suddenly look like she 's about to cry . cathleen I be in love , okay , I be in love !!! and I really do not care if you understand it or not ! nora in love !? with who , with what !? I do not get it !? now cathleen just stare at the ground in silence , before it all suddenly dawns on nora . nora ( cont 'd ) with God ? oh my God , you be in love with God !? but I do not get it , that do not even make any sense !? cathleen Mom I be sorry , but I be call and I be go to be a nun and there 's nothing you can do to stop I ! I wish you could just be happy for I ! but nora just stare at cathleen , baffle . before she voice then suddenly get much , much , much quieter . 22 . nora cathleen , you be a 17 year old girl ... you do not know anything about religion , and you for sure do not know anything about love ... you want to know what I think ? I think you be about to make the biggest mistake of you life . still barely hold back the tear , cathleen just stare at nora for a long time . she then turn and walk straight out of the room . feeling completely lose from she daughter , nora shake she head . beat . fade out . over black . returning to the black , we again hear the sound of a far off and toll bell . as if call we somewhere . int . chapel - dawn before back within the hushed confines of the chapel of the sister of belove Rose , the same faceless nun sit knelt before the altar , consume again in she intimate secret prayer . reverend mother why be you do this ? why be you do this ? I do not understand it ?.... someone give you they whole life , make every kind of conceivable kind of sacrifice .... and this be what I get ? ext . convent ground - dawn along the lush and manicure grounds of the convent , a set - up that look a lot more like a posh board school than some cold isolate monastery - a whole community of nun wander all throughout , busy themselves about they day . and it really do feel like a whole world in and of itself . a secret society of woman on they own , that could not be more self - sufficient or self - contain . int . convent meeting room - day at the same time inside the convent 's large and well appoint meeting room , a group of about 20 young girl , most of they fresh out of school , all sit around whisper and wait . 23 . as a matter of fact this be all the order 's new postulant , include cathleen , who have just arrive to begin the first stage of they training as nun . linger around the front keep a eye on they all , be also 3 older sister - sister mary grace , 30 . sister anne and kate , 27 - they try and keep the room quiet , give a occasional '' shhhhh '' .... before all out of nowhere the room fall silent . and just as none other than reverend mother marie saint clare , 56 - a frank , tough as nail clergy woman of the old style , who occasionally let she under develop emotion get the better of she - finally enter . reverend mother quietly make she way to the front of the room , flanke by she most loyal lieutenant , sister Genevieve . her mere presence so halting and domineer , as to already put the fear of God in this girl . now reverend mother just stand at the head of the room , look over all the girl . she remain dead silent for such a strangely long time , no one quite sure why .... before finally another bell chime , at which point reverend mother immediately relax and smile . reverend mother good afternoon all of you . my name be reverend mother Marie St. Clare . you can call I reverend mother , or simply mother if you prefer that instead .... I be also the mother Superior , or abbess , of this particular order of sister of belove Rose . I myself have be a Rose nearly 40 year now . meaning some 40 year ago , I first walk through that gate as a postulant - same as all of you - now 40 year later , I have not once set foot outside that gate since ... she pause look around at all the girl . we watch cathleen 's eye lower , try to avoid she gaze . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) so what be my role , my job here exactly ?.... well as far as all of you be concerned - you might consider I like the voice of God around here ... meaning that unfortunately , since God can not be here to run this convent himself - my voice will serve as a stand in for his . and whenever you hear this very voice speak from my mouth - you can expect it 's on behalf of he wish . 24 . she pause again , make sure they all hear it . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) now during the next 2 and a half year of you training to become nun here , I personally will be separate the wheat from the chafe , determine which of you actually belong . as oppose to which be simply the victim of a childish imagination .... and that 's because here in this room , in this monastery - God be not a fantasy to we . not a daydream , not a fantasy . and he 's certainly not you invisible best friend either .... to the contrary , God be work . hard work . the work of a very special kind of love , you be all go to be train in . turn to look at all the girl , we see a multitude of intimidate face . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) so you will be spend you first 6 month as postulant . after that , and for that of you who make it - you 'il be invite to take you very first vow , in you first temporary marriage to Christ - and enter the novitiate ... however and as a rule , we make a point never to discuss the novitiate until we have be through it ourselves . so for now , you will just have to wait . cathleen look up , so curious by the notion of the novitiate . as all the girl be . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) finally , let 's talk about silence for a moment . because we observe two type of silence here : regular silence and Grand silence ... now during regular silence , if you find you need to speak for whatever reason . that 's permissible ... however and start at 9 pm each night , when you hear that last bell signify the start of Grande silence . that mean you - do not. talk. period . we hear a general nervous murmur throughout the room . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) be there any question ? 25 . the room be then deaden , nobody dare to speak . before some brave young girl in the back raise she hand . however and instead of call on she , reverend mother just look at the girl blankly for a extremely long time . beat . it 's awkward . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) put you hand down sister , postulant do not have question . and you be free to go home . she then turn back to the group as a whole . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) now , when you return to you cell later this evening ... int . postulant dormitory . MAIN hall -— dawn gazing down the empty hallway in the postulant dormitory , all be quiet - before suddenly sister anne together with sister kate , take the same wooden clapper and start clap and rattling all the way down the hall . int . postulant 's cell - morning a couple of the new postulant - sister sissy and evelyn - immediately jolt from sleep , practically fall out of bed and straight onto the floor . they then fumble through they prayer , fight back the intermittent slew of sigh and yawn . int . cathleen 's cell - morning meanwhile in cathleen 's cell , she herself be already wide awake , fully dress in she new postulant uniform , and wait on the edge of she bed . as if so determine to not be late , she literally stay up all night . cathleen adjust and readjust herself a couple time , before the clapper then finally make its way to she door . now she too drop and head for the floor . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 26 . int . novitiate dormitory . staircase - morning almost afraid to look back at they , sister Mary Grace now lead a sleepy , clumsy , confuse and out of step procession of all this girl down the staircase in the postulant dorm . they all keep trip and stumbling over each other , while Mary Grace just shake she head . int . chapel anteroom - morning as the procession at last reach the entrance to the chapel , Mary Grace pause they all , silently indicate that it 's time to put on they veil . all the girl then start digging in they pocket at once , hurry to get the veil out fast , struggle to figure out how to tie they . int . chapel - morning with the entire community of rose there and wait , the full postulant precession finally enter the chapel , every head turn and look at they curiously . Mary Grace lead they all to they assign pews , each girl stop to genuflect before the altar before take they seat . all while reverend mother sit in she own pew , watch each girl carefully . moment later mass have begin , with the Priest softly whisper . priest oreta ... glory be to the Father , to the Son , the Holy Spirit ... the entire congregation then lower head to pray . except for cathleen who can not help but steal a glance toward the altar , where all the novice be now receive communion . cathleen watch in awe , then return to prayer . ext . refectory - day a endless line of nun stand outside the convent 's refectory ( dining hall ) , with the entire community wait to enter for lunch single file . as each woman then step to the front of the line , we see reverend mother herself perch beside the door , so formally and perfunctorily greeting every sister as they pass . 27 . nun in line good afternoon reverend mother . praise the Lord . reverend mother now and forever . God bless sister . and so on and so forth . we then slowly pan back to the far end of the line , to see cathleen just wait she turn . int . refectory - day a little later inside the dining hall , row upon row of old wooden table trace the room 's perimeter , where each group of sister all sit accord to rank . at the same time , the entire room stand wait in silence . while sister Genevieve provide the community a read before the meal . sister genevieve totally love him . him , who give himself totally for you love . he Christ be the splendor of eternal glory . the brightness of eternal light . the mirror without cloud . we again hold on cathleen , as she continue to listen and pray . int . convent meeting room - day all together in a tight circle , the entire group of new postulant surround sister mary grace - whom we ourselves now recognize to be a incredibly warm , kind , almost progressive feel young woman . to such a point in fact , it 's hard to reconcile how she personality conform to that of a nun . Mary Grace just smile at all the girl , try to make each one feel welcome . all while she two main subordinate , sister Anne and kate who themselves seem a lot less welcoming , stand behind and watch . sister mary grace I have not really have a chance to formally introduce myself yet . but I be sister Mary Grace and I will be you postulant mistress for the next 6 month . perhaps even you novice mistress after that ... ( more ) 28 . sister mary grace ( cont 'd ) oh , and this be sister Anne and sister Catherine , kate . both first year profess , both just take they final vow ... ( she smile toward the girl ) we be so very proud of they .... anyway all of we , all 3 of we , be really just here to help guide you , as you start to adapt to we way of life here ... and I be sure it 's all go to feel very different at first . that 's okay , that 's normal ... I know when I first come here , everything seem so strange , I do not think I would ever truly make it as a nun ... but please do not worry . just do the best you can . I be sure you be all go to do great ... we notice reaction of all the girl , they all seem so comfort by she , even a bit enamor . sister mary grace ( cont ’d ) so the first thing we should go over be the schedule ... postulant usually have the same schedule everyday . and really the most important thing , be you pay close attention to the bell . because really everything we do here , all day long , all come down to the bell ... Mary Grace smile once more as the sound of another bell be hear . at the same time as music drift in ... montage up : ext . courtyard - morning follow behind a faceless nun , we pick up sister Anne as she cross , quickly look up toward the steeple as the bell continue . sister mary grace ( 0.s. ) so the first bell you 'il hear each morning be the 5 be bell . int . sister candace 's room - morning alone in she cell , sister candace so intensely and passionately whisper she morning prayer to Christ . 29 . sister candace oh Lord , through the immaculate heart of Mary , I offer you my prayer , work and suffering throughout this day . sister mary grace ( 0.s. ) that 's the bell that let 's we all know it 's time to get up , get dress , get ready for morning mass .... int . sister charlotte 's room —- morning as Charlotte too , kneel by the side of she bed say the same prayer , soon the two sister 's voice be join . follow by more and more voice , create a ongoing chorus of collective whisper prayer . ext . courtyard - morning a single line of novice march together through the morning light , and all in such perfect military precision , towards the chapel . int . chapel - morning as the whole community be gather again for mass , the priest , father luca , begin to recite the service in latin .... sister mary grace ( 0.s. ) mass begin once Father Luca arrive . Father always keep he back to we the whole time , and he always read the liturgy in Latin ... turn into the pews , we then see sister Emily , Evelyn and candace all share the same Latin / English translation bible - the poor girl be desperately try to figure out what Father Luca be actually say . ext . refectory - afternoon a small group of nun stand completely silent and stare up towards the steeple and bell . once the bell finally ring again , they all turn to each other and start laugh and chat away . 30 . sister mary grace ( 0.s. ) after daily chore , you will hear the third bell of the morning . that 's how you will know that Grand silence be over ... ext . refectory - afternoon the same long line of nun stand single file outside the dining hall . each sister stop to formally greet reverend mother , before enter inside for lunch . int . refectory - afternoon again in the refectory , all the sister stand before they plate , silently listen to the morning read . sister mary grace ( 0.s. ) as you probably notice , all we meal begin with a read . and even though it 's after Grand silence , we do try and remain as quiet as possible during meal ... at the same time and as the read continue , we notice one young novice strangely step away from she table , slowly walk to the center of the room and lay herself prostrate on the floor . sister mary grace ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) oh and sometimes , you might see some of the novice do they own penance in the refectory . probably best to just ignore it , at least until you be novice yourselves . ext . convent ground - afternoon somewhere along the convent grounds , another group of novice all struggle together to carry a enormous six foot wooden cross , all lung , one leg in front of the other , across the courtyard . it be a unbearably arduous look task . sister mary grace ( 0.s. ) everyday after the 3 pm bell , be when we have we lesson together ... Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 31 . int . classroom - afternoon as all the postulant sit behind small wooden desk in the convent classroom , Mary Grace wander through all the desk , teach they all sign language . sister mary grace as you probably remember , reverend mother make it very clear that we be not to speak during Grand silence ... so let 's practice a little of we sign language , shall we .... the girl then all quickly open the little sign language booklet on they desk , with Mary Grace look over all they shoulder , help they all . ext . courtyard - day another bell , before we look out to the courtyard and see all the postulant girl take off in flight !! running like kid , laugh and chase each other in a game of tag . at the same time cathleen , somewhere off from the other , sit alone in the colonnade and read the bible . she hear the joyful shriek of all she postulant mate play , turn and look for a moment , then immediately go back to she study . int . sister candace's room - continuous we then return once more to sister candace , and she ceaseless , repetitious , but deeply passionate praying . we hold on she like this , as the music gradually fade ... hard to black . fade up : int . rev . mother 's house . hallway - morning Inside a long hallway within the motherhouse , we follow the billow habit of another faceless nun . int . reverend mother 's office - same time alone in she private office , reverend mother sit at she desk read scripture to herself . before suddenly there 's a knock at the door and sister Genevieve peek she head in , a small package in she hand . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 32 . sister genevieve ( 0.s. ) Excuse I reverend mother , sorry to bother you . but you just receive another package from the archdiocese ... reverend mother then look up a bit surprised . reverend mother May I have it please , sister . Genevieve hand she the package , as reverend mother carefully unpack a large stack of document from a small envelope . as she then slowly start glance over all the papers , it become clear that there 's something rather sensitive about the content of this document . reverend mother look back up at Genevieve . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) that will be all , thank you sister . wait for Genevieve to leave , she start flipping through the papers again - clearly unnerve by whatever it be she 's read . this package be a problem . ext . rural ground - day a beautiful sunny afternoon as all the postulant lay together in a field of grass , surround sister Mary Grace . sister Evelyn also in the midst of explain ... sister evelyn my mother always say at least one child should be sacrifice . even though I come from a big family I be still the only girl of 5 brother , so I guess it be pretty obvious which one of we be gonna end up become a nun ... I be happy about it though . I be just so proud to be here , show all my devotion . I do not care how hard it 's suppose to be , I just can not wait till 's we all get into the novitiate and get to wear that white veil . some of the other girl smile and nod , as Mary Grace turn back to the group . sister mary grace thank you sister . okay , who 's next ... sister Emily then immediately raise she hand . 33 . sister emily well as for I , I have two cousin , and one older sister that all choose the sisterhood . so in a way , I guess you could say it 's kind of in my blood ... matter of fact my great aunt be even once name mother General for the whole entire state of Texas ... Emily smile proudly , as many of the other girl look impressed . sister emily ( cont ’d ) pretty much as far back as I can remember , all I want be just to follow in all they footstep ... ( somewhat in jest ) who know , maybe even one day die young and become a saint ! there 's a bit of laughter through the crowd , even Mary Grace can not help but laugh . she glance around again , before she eye land on cathleen . sister mary grace and what about you sister cathleen ? do you always know you want to be a nun ? cathleen look self -conscious . sister cathleen I ? no. I mean .... I be not actually raise in the church , so ... now all eye turn and everybody stare at cathleen . sister candace what ? what do you mean you be not raise in the church ? be not you Catholic ? sister cathleen I do not know ? no , I guess not in the same way everyone else be ... sister charlotte well what be you even do here then ? a bunch of the other girl start giggle . sister mary grace ( scolding ) shhh , sister candace , please ... lady , come on .... 34 . sister cathleen ( so shyly ) no , it 's okay , it 's okay ... I go to Catholic school , so that 's where I first learn about the sisterhood ... I never plan on be a nun . I just ... I just think it seem like such a beautiful idea , to be able to spend my whole entire life devote to love ... I just think a life like that , seem worth every sacrifice . a few girl continue to snicker , while other seem quite take if not admire of cathleen 's sincerity . int . reverend mother 's office - morning seat across from reverend mother in she office , Mary Grace wait awkwardly in silence - all while reverend mother 's attention be completely bury in the same stack of document we see before . in fact reverend mother barely even look up , as she ask she . reverend mother ( under she breath ) so how be the new postulant ? any I should be think about send home ? sister mary grace huh ? no , it 's the opposite actually .... she pause to see if reverend mother might give up some of she attention . not find it , she continue . sister mary grace ( cont ’d ) I have really be so impressed with they as a group . they all seem so excited and full of energy . so passionate about really discover they relationship with Christ ... I have be lie if I be to say they enthusiasm do not make I a bit jealous . at this reverend mother seem to glance up , but only briefly . reverend mother well , that 's good . sister mary grace sorry , what be that you be read ? 35 . reverend mother finally slide the document to the side , turn more directly to Mary Grace . reverend mother this ? it 's a memorandum . send over by the archdiocese the other day . regard something call , vatican ii . all while Mary Grace just look at she confuse . sister mary grace vatican what ? what be that ? reverend mother from what I understand , we Pope 's suddenly get it in he head to try and turn himself into some sort of '' reformer '' ... he 's organize some new council in Rome - bishop , Cardinals , theologian - to discuss how the church need to change , be more in step with the new era of the 1960s .... sister mary grace really ? meaning what exactly ? reverend mother meaning , I guess he think we have all grow a bit outmode . Mary Grace suddenly look a bit excited by this . sister mary grace really , wow ... but that 's a good thing though , do not you think ? the church have not review any of its practice in over a 100 year , maybe longer ... be not it a good thing ? all while reverend mother just look at she so steely . reverend mother really ? you think the church need to change ? be you question I ? sister mary grace ( catch off guard ) you ? no , of course not mother . I just ... reverend mother I guess I disagree . I happen to think the church be perfect exactly the way it be . Mary Grace look towards the papers again . 36 . sister mary grace well what kind of reform be they talk about exactly ? be that what 's in the memo ? can I see ? reverend mother quickly slide the document out of reach . reverend mother it 's really not important . I guarantee you this will all blow over very soon ... certainly , nothing for you to concern yourself over , Mary Grace . she then finally shove the document in a drawer , smile . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) you be say , about the new postulant .... int . postulant classroom - day the postulant all stand gather around sister Anne , in the midst of demonstrate '' how to walk '' to they . as she speak , we also notice that sister Anne , like sister kate , be a bit meaner and less tolerant than Mary Grace . sister anne everybody pay attention ! I be go to show you how we walk . it 's call , ' custody of the eye 's ... sister Anne then begin to walk in a straight line , demonstrate the specific posture to perfection . sister anne ( cont ’d ) you put you hand inside you sleeve like this . always go slowly , gracefully , never ever in a hurry ... most important be you keep you eye down . make sure you be always look straight ahead at the floor in front of you . sister candace why ? sister Anne then stop dead in she track , turn and glare at candace . sister anne Excuse I ? 37 . sister candace why do we have to walk like that ? I mean , what if we can not see where we be go ? a few giggle erupt from the group . sister anne shhh ! not that it 's you place to question anything sister ... but it 's a part of we discipline . we keep we eye down to show God how focus we be on always give he we full attention . Anne then look around , motion to sister Emily and Charlotte . sister kate you two , come here ... the two girl look at each other , then immediately hurry over . sister kate ( cont ’d ) and stand face to face ... Emily and Charlotte then stand face to face . sister kate ( cont ’d ) now both of you , look each other in the eye . reluctant at first the girl do as they tell . at first just look , then gradually stare more directly and intimately into each other 's eye . it 's tense and uncomfortable . sister kate ( cont ’d ) what just happen ? sister charlotte I start think about she . sister emily yeah , I start think about she too ... sister kate exactly . we be not suppose to think about each other . we be only suppose to be think about God . because even though this be a community , we be not here for each other ... we be here only for God . we hold on cathleen , quietly take it all in . 38 . ext . refectory colonnade - dusk the sun begin to set over the convent , as we find cathleen alone in the courtyard , so diligently , attentively , practice she custody of the eye . her concentration be almost spooky , as we hear she voice whisper in ... sister cathleen ( 0.s ) I love you God . I love you so much more than I ever think I could love anything in my life . I love you so much more than myself even ... int . sister cathleen 's cell - evening before we find cathleen all alone in she cell , knelt on the floor beside she bed so intimately praying out loud . sister cathleen thank you Lord for let I be here . thank you for let I love you like this . thank you for let I feel you so close to I .... as she continue to whisper , we notice she breathe become heavier and heavier . a strange intensity to it . int . family reception area - afternoon Inside the convent 's family wait area , nora sit beside a number of other parent , all very wholesome look marry couple . she seem nervous already , she first visit since cathleen leave home . not too mention be the only single parent do not help . a door at the back of the room then open , as another set of parent step out . a nun on duty then motion to nora that it 's she turn to enter . int . private one on one room - moment later as she 's now bring into the adjoin room , nora look up surprised to see a large metal grate run down the center of the room , with cathleen there wait on the other side . it 's a eerie sort of set up , not unlike what you might expect to find in a prison . 39 . cathleen and nora smile awkwardly between the grate , it 's a strange sort of reunion , both of they have miss each other so much , neither of they know quite what to say . they sit down . nora wow , this be the first time I have see you in you ' outfit 's ... sister cathleen I know ... do you like it ? nora ( hesitantly ) you look like a real nun . sister cathleen I do , thanks .... but I be not a real nun yet . not yet . nora ( indicate the grate ) what 's with this by the way ? this thing here ... it 's like a prison or something ? sister cathleen nothing . it 's just the way they do it . a symbol of we enclosure . nora enclosure ? what 's that suppose to mean ? sister cathleen nothing . never mind . beat . nora so how be you ? you like it here ? how be it , be you happy ? cathleen smile . sister cathleen I be , yeah ... I do not know how to describe it , but I be happy . I feel like I really belong here . now nora look disappointed , this be clearly not the answer she be hope for . nora I guess that mean you be plan on stay then ? ( more ) nora ( cont 'd ) you plan on stay on to take that vow - what 's it call again , the nova , novi -- 2 ? sister cathleen novitiate . it 's just a temporary vow we take for two year , to find out if we really ready to be marry to God for ... forever ... but Mom , I be pretty sure I be go to be here my whole life . now nora just can not take it anymore . nora Jesus Christ cathleen , what the hell do I do wrong ? sister cathleen Mom , please .... you promise . nora sorry , I be sorry , sorry .... I just still do not understand what you be do here ? sister cathleen it 's okay , you do not have to . I be just happy to see you . nora I be happy to see you too . beat . sister cathleen anyway , how have you be ? nora Fine , good . I pick up a couple extra shift at work recently , just try to keep busy I guess . I do not really know what else to do with myself , you know . I mostly just miss you so much . cathleen suddenly look a bit strike by this , like she do not quite realize it would hurt so much . beat . sister cathleen and what about dad ? you hear anything from dad ? 41 . nora ( surprised ) you be father ? not really ... you grandma call . Said he have be sick or something ? maybe that 's why you probably have not hear from he .... you want I to track he down , see if he will come visit ? I be sure he want to see you . cathleen think about it , then shake she head . sister cathleen it 's okay , do not bother . i’1l just pray for he , it 's fine ... anyway , I kind of have to go now . nora ( instantly heartbroken ) what , what do you mean you have to go ? we have ten more minute . sister cathleen I know but it 's kind of a busy day , so ... maybe we can spend more time together next time ... cathleen then begin to get up . nora wait ! wait ! cathleen , can you just , wait ... cathleen pause , just look at she . nora ( cont 'd ) can I ... can I just touch you hand for a minute ... just for a minute , if that 's okay ... nora then move she hand up along the grate , hold it out for cathleen . cathleen think about it a moment , just look at she sadly . sister cathleen I be sorry mom , but we be really not suppose to touch like that ... I be sorry . I really have to go now though . nora okay , but , cathleen ... listen I love you , okay ? cathleen barely pause before head out the door . sister cathleen it 's good to see you . thanks for come . she then walk straight out , leave nora completely crestfallen by the encounter . ext . convent graveyard - afternoon Far off along the convent grounds , sister sissy and candace race around through a cemetery , laugh and chase each other like overactive schoolgirls . moment later they wander together , sissy pause to read some of the grave stone . sister sissy can not believe all the sister that die here . you think we be go to die here too ? sister candace that 's the point , be not it . I want to die here . I want to die here , cause I know it 's the close place on earth to get to Heaven . beat . sister sissy I guess I just do not realize it be really go to be like this . sister candace like what ? sister sissy that we have really be spend we whole entire life here , never ever go home again . we will not even be able to go to we parent 's funeral . sister candace who care , they 's 1ll be dead already , so it 's not like they 's 1l notice ... do not you think just know he know we be here for he , know we be so much more special to he , than anybody else - do not you think that make it worth it ? sister sissy ( unsure ) I guess . 42 . 43. sister candace well , why have you want to come here then ? sissy suddenly look a bit embarrassed . sister sissy audrey hepburn . sister candace huh ? what be you talk about ? sister sissy audrey hepburn . I want to be a nun because of sister gabrielle , in the nun 's Story ... she be just so perfect and holy and beautiful and everything ... I just want to be like she . int . chapel - evening all alone in the back of the darken chapel , we find sister Mary Grace lose in think . look more closely she seem a bit stress , if not silently stricken by something . she try to pray , but for some reason just can not . tries to pray again , but still can not . finally she just stare off into space , search for the answer to something . int . postulant hallway - evening along the floor of the postulant hallway , cathleen and sister sissy now sit together whisper . sister sissy I guess i be just not sure if I really feel it , you know ? sister cathleen feel what ? sister sissy my relationship with he , whatever we be suppose to feel ? like I can not tell if he 's really there and I be really communicate with he , or if it 's all just all in my head .... cathleen stare into sissy 's eye so compassionately . sister sissy ( cont ’d ) you feel he , right ? what do he feel like to you ? 44 , sister cathleen I do not know ? just like a presence , that 's all . like a really warm and comforting presence . like fall asleep in a parent 's arm . sister sissy rm say we can not fake we relationship with he , because even if no one else do , he 'il still know and he 'il shun we for it ... but what if I be fake and I do not even realize ? sister cathleen do not worry , I do not think you be . sister sissy how come ? sister cathleen because if I can feel he here with I right now , that mean he must be here with you too . int . chapel - morning the entire community of rose be once again gather for mass . the priest beckon all the sister to pray , as we watch a sea of black head all bow at once . int . sister mary grace 's cell - night later in the evening , Mary Grace return to she cell . carefully remove she veil , she shake loose all she tangle hair , then plop down on a chair , stare vacantly into space . she remain freeze for a long moment , before she then slowly reach a hand down to pull up the bottom of she habit , move she hand between she leg and begin to masturbate . she do it all very rapidly , mechanically , almost as if all she want be to get it over with as soon as possible . as if the shame of the act be something she can actually out race by do it fast enough . finally reach a climax she drop she head down , breathe heavily . her eye drift off and stare at the floor and for a second , it almost look like she might cry . this be a woman in a lot more secret pain and confusion than even she herself realize . 45 . int . reverend mother 's office - day all alone in she office , reverend mother sit talk on the phone in what appear to be a very tense call . reverend mother ( into the phone ) yes , thank you for call .... yes , I understand ... right , well .... it 's not that I be not go to respond ... we then notice she eye glance angrily across the desk toward that same stack of vatican ii document . she shake she head . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) of course , I understand the historic nature ... right .... peace be with you . reverend mother then slam down the phone , clearly not happy with the result of the conversation . ext . convent walkway - day it be sometime early afternoon as we again hear the SOUND of a bell , although now it seem to have take a somewhat ominous slightly forebode tone . as reverend mother then walk alone through the courtyard , she pass by one of the postulant , walk in the opposite direction , who softly whisper to she in pass . sister sissy Morning reverend mother . praise the Lord . reverend mother just routinely reply as she continue on . reverend mother now and forever . God bless ... but then reverend mother suddenly stop . just halt ona dime , turn right back around and look at the girl dead on . beat . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) I be sorry , do you just speak ? do I just hear you speak ? what 's you name ? as we now turn we see that the girl in question be in fact sister sissy , just look up at reverend mother totally bewilder and shocked . 46 . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) ( in sign language ) what 's you name ? sissy be speechless . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) what .... be ... you name ? sister sissy I be ... I be sister sissy . reverend mother sister sissy ? sister sissy right , sissy . reverend mother well tell I something sister sissy , you be a postulant correct ? - what have you be do lately ? besides get fat , show up late to mass , and run you mouth during Grand silence ? sister sissy ( terrify ) I ... I do not realize it be Grand silence ... they tell we to count all the bell before noon . I count 3 bell . reverend mother do you understand what silence mean ? be it not properly explain to you ?... when you hear the bell for Grand silence , that mean silence . and silence mean you - do not . talk . it mean you - shut. your. mouth . sister sissy ( utterly terrify ) but , reverend mother ... you be talk ....? now suddenly reverend mother 's anger level jump two fold . reverend mother that 's because I be reprimand you sissy ! I be reprimand you right now ! all while sissy be now on the verge of tear . 47 . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) listen to I Jenny ... sister sissy it 's sissy ... reverend mother what ? sister sissy my name be sissy , not Jenny . reverend mother ( in rapid sign language ) I do not care . I do not care what you name be .... ( speak out loud ) it do not make the least bit of difference to I . listen . I want you to get down on you hand and knee ... ( in sign language again ) start crawl from here all the way to the end of this corridor . say as many hail Mary 's as you can ' till you reach the end ... sister sissy huh ?...1I ... reverend mother ( in sign language ) now ! right now ! ( out loud ) get on you hand and knee sister ! sissy then get down on she hand and knee , start to crawl along the floor while recite softly . sister sissy hail Mary full of ... hail Mary of ... reverend mother wait a minute be you talk ? why be you still talk ! why be you still talk !! sissy look up terrify as reverend mother bend down , start signing like crazy right in front of she face ! reverend mother ( cont ’d ) ( in sign language ) why be you still talk ! sissy just look at she . 48 . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) ( in sign language ) then say the prayer in silence ! say the prayer in silence !! in ... ( speak out loud ) silence !! silence ! silence !! we watch sissy continue to crawl across the ground , say the prayer in silence , tear stream down she face . int . chapel - evening it be early evening as we again find Mary Grace alone in the chapel again , not praying but just stare vacantly . suddenly the door open , cathleen enter as Mary Grace immediately turn , somewhat startle . sister cathleen oh sorry sister , I do not realize you be in here ... sister mary grace that 's okay . how be you sister cathleen ? you can come sit down if you like ? hesitant at first , cathleen then go and sit in the pew behind Mary Grace . Mary Grace turn and smile at she . sister mary grace ( cont ’d ) how 's everything be go for you sister ? sister cathleen good thank you sister . sister mary grace and what about the other ? be the other still upset about sister sissy be send home ? sister cathleen I think they mostly understand . even though everybody miss she . I really miss she . Mary Grace just nod empathetically . sister mary grace do you often come to the chapel to pray by yourself ? 49 , sister cathleen sometimes . I guess now that first vow be come up , I want just to spend more time communicate with he , make sure he 's okay with I be a novice . sister Mary Grace laugh sweetly . sister mary grace I be pretty sure he 's okay with it . sister cathleen you really think so ? sister mary grace I have a feel he really want you here cathleen . his light shine all around you . I think you will make a great nun . cathleen smile so brightly at this , nearly blush . sister cathleen thank you sister . that mean so much . Mary Grace try to accept the compliment , but look a bit guilt ride . there 's a subtle pause as she then get up from the pew , look down at cathleen so tenderly . sister mary grace do I a favor though , just make sure it 's what you want too . because you want matter too . do you know what I mean by that ? cathleen just look at she and nod , even though it 's clear she have no idea what it mean . Mary Grace then walk out , leave cathleen so helplessly confuse . int . sister emily 's room - day all alone in she cell , sister Emily be knelt on the floor praying . sister emily Lord please forgive for all the mistake I have make so far as a postulant . I do not focus enough on my prayer this morning and I rush straight to mass .... because I just want to be with my friend . and I be sorry sometimes if it seem like I pay more attention to my friend , than I do you . I be hope to change that .... Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 50 . int . chapel - afternoon it be choir practice as sister Mary Grace sit in the pews , watch all the postulant go through they chant of the divine office . postulant in unison you shall speak to he and put the word in he mouth , and I will be with you mouth and with he mouth and will teach you both what to do . before suddenly sister 's Anne , kate and Genevieve come burst into the chapel , everybody immediately stop and turn . they then each go and whisper into the ear of two of the postulant , marianna and theresa . both girl seem so frighten , so confuse , before they quietly and obediently follow Anne , kate and Genevieve out . all the while Mary Grace just watch the whole thing confuse , try to figure out what the hell be go on . she finally get up and walk out of the chapel herself . int . motherhouse . hallway - afternoon outside the door to reverend mother 's office , Mary Grace wait and pace unsure if she should enter . the door to the office then open , with the same two girl , theresa and marianna both racing out , both hysterically cry . Mary Grace move to comfort they , but then think the better of it as reverend mother also emerge . the girl disappear down the hall , leave the two older nun alone . sister mary grace what be that all about ? what just happen ? reverend mother nothing . I be send that girl home . sister mary grace who ? theresa and marianna ? but why ? reverend mother be that they name ? frankly I be tell they relationship be veer toward something inappropriate . ( more ) 51 . reverend mother ( cont 'd ) that they be start to become a bit too intimate with each other ? sister mary grace '' too intimate '' ? by who ? reverend mother just stare at Mary Grace , not exactly pleased with the sudden line of question . reverend mother it do not matter who . the point be they clearly do not belong here , and they need to be send home . beat . we see Mary Grace , slowly become more defiant . sister mary grace but they be just young girl , away from home for the first time . they be probably just friend , seek comfort in each other ... reverend mother seek comfort in each other , be that what we all do around here now ?... by the way , be you question I again ? sister mary grace questioning you ?.... no , I ... reverend mother be you question my judgement ? sister mary grace no , mother ... I be just ... reverend mother so why do not you tell I Mary Grace - how exactly be that girl suppose to make it they whole life , deprive of any form of physical affection - when they can not even make it 6 month ? Mary Grace just stare at she , wonder how defiant she can really be . sister mary grace ( under she breath ) honestly , I do not know . because I do not know how anybody do that ... now reverend mother suddenly look shocked , and pissed . 52 . reverend mother Excuse I ? sister mary grace what I mean be it 's only natural to want to ... because you can not just cut it off . you can not pretend it 's not there ... reverend mother cut what off ? pretend what 's not there ? sister mary grace forget it . reverend mother be silent for a long moment , weigh she word carefully . she then move closer to Mary Grace . reverend mother you know , there have be moment recently , here and there , when I have start to get the feel you just do not want to be here anymore . as if everything we do require some sort of interrogation from you . Mary Grace just stare at the floor , shaking she head . sister mary grace maybe . I do not know ? maybe that 's true ? before suddenly reverend mother 's anger level jump big . reverend mother seriously ! what be you problem exactly ! sister mary grace I do not know ! I do not know what my problem be ! maybe a part of my problem be you ! reverend mother I ! sister mary grace because I just do not understand what you be do anymore - I do not understand you motivation ! reverend mother do not you !? God be my motivation ! God be my reason and motivation for everything I do ! I do everything for he ! everything !! 53 . sister mary grace but that do not necessarily mean you be really do what he want ! honestly , do you really think any of we know for sure what he want from we ... reverend mother oh , I believe I do ! sister mary grace well I think it 's wrong for you to keep we in the dark about vatican ii ! whatever change be happen , whatever 's in all that document you keep hide ! if it 's really go to effect we , then we all deserve to know ! reverend mother no you do not ! and it 's not go to effect we ! nothing be go to effect we ! sister mary grace then why can not you just tell we what 's really go on ! reverend mother because I do not want to ! and I do not have to ! I do not have to and I do not want to ! sister mary grace oh you know what , okay , fine !... fine ! fine ! fine mother ! reverend mother that 's right !! fine be right !! fine be absolutely right mary grace !! fine !! now suddenly they be both silent . both so shocked by what have just occur . beat . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) ( in sign language ) I think I be go to go pray now . I be go to go to the chapel and pray . Mary Grace look at she one more time , then just turn and walk away . 54 . int . sister mary grace 's cell - day later in the night Mary Grace be curl up on the floor of she cell , cry hysterically . it 's such a deep and guttural weep that go on and on , painful to listen to . beat . sister mary grace ( 0.s. ) I know this be not we normal hour together , but I just want to call you all in here , to let you know something ... int . postulant classroom - day all the postulant be now gather in the study room stare up at Mary Grace , who stand at the head of the room look back at they all so sadly and tenderly . sister mary grace I want to let you all know that I have decide I be go to be leave the convent ... I be so sorry I will not be here to see you all take you first vow . the room fall silent . all the girl look so shocked . sister emily what ? but what do you mean ? where be you go ? sister charlotte it 's because of reverend mother be not it . she want to take you away from we . Mary Grace just look at they , overwhelm by they devotion . sister mary grace no , it 's not because of she . it 's not because of anything ... I be just not sure this life be for I anymore ? I have be a Rose since I be 16 year old , I 'il always love this place . the place where I grow up ... but I be not mean to be here anymore . they all look so sad , a few begin to cry . sister mary grace ( cont ’d ) as for reverend mother , I know it 's hard to understand ... but I promise , all she really want be for you to be the best nun possible . ( more ) 55 . sister mary grace ( cont ’d ) to serve God in the best way possible , with the most dignity ... I know it may not seem like it , but she do care . sister evelyn be you still go to be a member of the church ? after you leave I mean ? Mary Grace pause for a long beat , unsure how to answer . sister mary grace yes . I will always be a member of the church , the church be my family . and you , all my sister , that I have live here with day in and day out - you be my family too ... she now look at they so tenderly . sister mary grace ( cont ’d ) I want each and every one of you to know , that I love you with everything in my heart . we hold for a beat on Mary Grace 's face , then slowly .... fade out . fade up : int . refectory - afternoon as another read be take place , we go to a close up on reverend mother , stare off into space , seem more consume and distract than ever in she own thought . sister genevieve ( at the pulpit ) we become what we love and who we love shape what we become . Imitation be not a literal mimick of Christ , rather it mean become a image of the beloved . a image disclose through transformation . moment later the room have fall silent , with everybody sit down to eat , include reverend mother . before suddenly , there be the sound of a loud and strange sort of commotion . 56 . voice ( 0.s. ) clear the way , please ! please clear the way ... clear the way ... at first not quite sure what 's go on , suddenly everyone in the room turn to look at once - just as a much older nun , roughly 70 , charge into the dining hall completely naked and seem like she 's on some sort of mission . she be also wildly wave she hand in the air , ranting and rave and try to get everyone 's attention . naked nun there 's a new era come sister . oh yes , a new era and a new wind be about to start blow in here .... you hear I ! move to the postulant table , all the girl try and hold it in , before they instantly break out in laughter . while all the older nun just stare in shock , crossing themselves and shaking they head . all the while reverend mother just watch the whole thing with a oddly restrain , quietly infuriate expression . naked nun ( cont 'd ) listen to I !... because there will come a time very soon ... very soon sister ... when all you cathedral will suddenly come crumble to the ground .... and this trapping and clothing , too , will go fall away to the ground ... and it will be just we sister . just we and him . all of we , once again , naked before God ... as the old naked nun then finally finish she rant , start to head back out , as Genevieve and kate immediately bolt after she , try to cover she . turn back to the postulant , still all so amused - we hold on cathleen , just watch and half smile . before gradually she smile begin to shift into something else . Far more perplex , pensive , disturb . beat . at the same time as music begin to fill in ... ext . chapel entrance - afternoon along a separate entrance to the chapel , a large crowd of about 40 people stand wait to go inside . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 57 . this be all the parent of the various postulant as well as various secular and local , come to witness the postulant very first clothing ceremony . int . chapel - same time a even larger crowd start to overflow into the chapel , before sooner or later we see nora there too . she be all dress up , though perhaps a tad inappropriately , not too mention wear a bit too much make up . as nora then wander to find a seat , move in and out of more people - she accidentally bump into none other than reverend mother . nora Excuse I , sorry ... the two woman exchange a quick glance , reverend mother look nora up and down . nora continue on . int . chapel changing room - afternoon Inside a hide atrium to the Chapel , be a scene of utter pandemonium and chaos . the entire group of we now some 17 postulant , hurry to change into they official and formal white wedding dress , assist by a small trio of older nun . and this girl could not be more excited ! int . chapel . ante room - later again in the Chapel ante room , we see all the girl clothed in they wedding dress , scurrying to quickly get into line . int . chapel - moment later the music then begin to grow louder , harken the feel of something so divine and exalt . somewhere amidst the pews , nora push up on she toe , lean she head over shoulder , then turn she head to see .... the entire immaculate procession of new bride , cathleen and she fellow postulant , all dress in gowns and veil , so slowly and deliberately to make they way down the aisle . such a stun and beautiful procession . 58 . we also hold on the face of each girl as they pass , peer into each of they eye through the veil , as they all maintain they custody so regally and exquisitely . moment later all this budd bride be finally knelt together in a line at the altar . a celestial light outline and silhouett they , bathing they almost . the back turn Priest then recite ; priest virginum custos et pater , sancte ioseph , cuius fideli custodiae ipsa innocentia christus iesus et Virgo virginum Maria commisa fuit ; the per hoc utrumque carissimum pignus iesum et mariam obsecro et obtestor , ut I , ab omni immunditia praeservatum , mente incontaminata , puro corde et casto corpore iesu et mariae semper facias castissime famulari . amen . somewhere in the nun 's pews , reverend mother lower she head to pray as do everybody else . nora do not realize what 's go on at first , but then see everyone praying and finally do the same . cathleen , kneel in the line beside the other , make the sign of the cross along she chest . before the entire congregation be suddenly hushed , as sister Emily stand alone with the Priest upon the altar . Emily gently genuflect down to kneel before he , gracefully bow she head as he lift she veil . Emily and the Priest then look straight into each other eye . priest ( cont 'd ) sister Emily , what be it you desire ? sister emily with the help of God , I have come to know in this community .... CUT to : sister Charlotte now knelt before the Priest . sister charlotte both the difficulty and the joy of a life completely devote to he .. CUT to : sister candace knelt before the Priest . 59 . sister candace , my desire be to be allow to make perpetual profession within this community .... CUT to : and finally , sister cathleen . sister cathleen I seek to become a temporary bride of Christ for a year and a half , and to persevere in all my undy love ... the traditional white veil novice habit , so precisely fold in a large cloth square , be then hand by young altar boy into each girl 's arm . ( the final symbol of they transference from postulant to novice . ) moment later , all the bride lay on the floor in a row together , as a large black cloth , bare a single gold cross in its center , be roll over they and all they body . ( symbolize they now death to the outside world ) int . chapel changing room - afternoon back in the atrium , the group of new novice still in wedding dress be now all line up , anxiously await something . as we move slowly down the line , from one girl to the next , we then discover that what they be all wait for be to have all they hair shorn off by a older , scissor - wielding nun . many girl also can not help but tremble and shake , as they lower they head to be meet by the blunt scissor . finally cathleen come to the front on the line , bend down before the scissors . hair cutting nun ready ... sister cathleen yes , thank you sister ... just as chunks and chunks of cathleen 's own hair fall in slow motion to the floor . 60 . int . chapel - afternoon a sudden shift in music , as the entire crowd in the chapel rise again and look toward the aisle , to see .. the new group of novice change out of they wedding dress and re-clothed in they new novice habit . come down the center aisle in procession again . as we look into nora 's eye we also see a tinge of deep sadness , realize she daughter have now turn a corner she may never turn back from . moment later the novice all kneel again before the altar . priest ora pro nobis , sancta dei genetrix .... novice in unison May we be worthy of Christ 's love . finally , they begin to make they procession back out . we hold on cathleen as she momentarily break custody of the eye , look everywhere in the crowd for nora . once she finally find she , cathleen and nora then sweetly lock eye . cathleen shyly smile at she mom , who immediately smile back . nora do she very best to make she daughter believe she 's happy for she . ext . rural convent ground - dusk we hear a shrill sound of laughing , before look over a field to see the entire group of new novice dance around a bonfire . they be redress back into they wedding gowns , euphoric with laughter , dance and sing , have the time of they life . sister evelyn I love you so much right now GOD !! sister emily I ’m married to jesus christ !! they all continue to laugh and twirl around the fire like little girl , remind we again how ridiculously young they still be . 61 . int . novitiate dormitory . hallway - afternoon look down the long hall in the novitiate dorm , we see all of the novice just stand outside they room and watch in total shock . at the same time as sister Anne and kate go in and out of each room , so violently remove and then smashing all the girl 's mirror . we see all this piece of break mirror throw down into pile on the floor . sister candace why be they take we mirror away ? the other just keep watch and shrug . beat . reverend mother ( 0.s. ) the novitiate , as I be sure you have all hear many time .... ext . courtyard - day in the courtyard , the new novice walk toward the chapel in perfect unison , move as one like some elite and highly train unit of a army . reverend mother ( 0.s. ) be commonly understand to be the most grueling and demand period in any nun 's life ... and let I assure you , you be experience will not be any different . at the same time as a couple of ' new 's postulant who happen to be walk in the novice path , jump to move out of the way . int . novice assembly room - evening Inside a dimly light and chillingly silent room , all the novice be now all crouch on they knee , face each other in one large circle . reverend mother be also there walk through and amongst all the girl , look down at they so intimidatingly . reverend mother it be now when all you so call vocation , will be test to they limit ... it be also about learn to be perfect . ( more ) 62 . reverend mother ( cont 'd ) because , and I hope you would all agree , we savior deserve no less from each of you - than the gift of a perfect wife . reverend mother finally move to a chair at the head of the room , sit down and stare at they all . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) so each week we will be meeting in this room for a exercise call , ' chapter of fault 's . I myself will also always be here with you during every ' chapter 's ... and one thing I can assure you , we do not ever leave this room until the chapter be finish . peer around at all the girl , we see how completely terrify they all already be . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) let 's get start ... reverend mother then look around for a moment , before she finally turn and look directly at sister Evelyn . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) you. sister ..... ? sister evelyn me? Evelyn , I be sister Evelyn .... reverend mother Evelyn , can you come here to the center of the room here please . without raise she eye , Evelyn shuffles across the floor on she knee , stop dead center in the middle of the circle . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) now if you would not mind sister - I want you to think about it for a moment , and then I want you to carefully list out every single fault you be aware in yourself , in front of all you sister . Evelyn be clearly completely baffle and confuse by this instruction . sister evelyn I be sorry , what ...? I do not understand ? 63 . reverend mother you do not understand ? what do not you understand ? be you perfect ? sister evelyn no . I do not know ?... what do you mean ? reverend mother I mean be you a perfect person ? a perfect human be ? a perfect nun ? sister evelyn no , I be not perfect . reverend mother well would not you like to be perfect ? do not you think it 's important to always at least try to be perfect ? sister evelyn yes ... I mean yes , if I could ... reverend mother okay so what do you think it be sister Evelyn , that most stand in the way between you and perfection ? sister evelyn my ... my ... my fault , I guess ? reverend mother correct . because there 's really no way for any of we to achieve perfection in ourselves , be there ? without get rid of all we fault first ? sister evelyn I guess so ? reverend mother you guess what , sister ? sister evelyn yes . I mean yes mother , I agree . reverend mother so let 's hear it . tell we you fault . more closely on Evelyn , she body begin to tremble a bit . 64 . sister evelyn I be untidy . what I mean be , I be messy . like sometimes when I look around my cell , with all my clothes all over the floor , I feel like I be such a slob , and I need to do better ... I space out a lot too , they use to call I ' space cadet 's in school because I space out so much ... reverend mother woah , woah , woah ! hold up , hold up ... Evelyn pause , just halt mid sentence . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) leave clothes on the floor . lack of concentration , or ' space out 's as you call it - while I agree this be all point of weakness in you - as far as fault go , they be also quite superficial , and not go to get we very far in this process .... let 's start again and this time I want you to fully examine you conscience , tell we everything you do on a daily basis to fail we Lord Christ . we peer again at all the other , from one face to the next , as all of they grow more frighten and disturb . beat . sister evelyn the way I fail .. I fail Christ .... a long , silent pause as Evelyn slowly begin to cry . sister evelyn ( cont ’d ) there 's part of I that wonder if I be good enough to be here ? if I deserve to be here or deserve anything good that happen to I ... I want to be good , to be pure , and good . but I do not know if that 's who I really be on the inside . and sometimes my thought inside do not always match how I act on the outside . and sometimes I feel like I be ugly and bad inside .... and I know I have let people down before too . I have let my parent down before , my mar and my dad ... but I do not want to let he down mother , I do not want to let Jesus down . I do not want to fail he , ever ... and I just hope he know that I can do better , if he let I ... 65 . Evelyn then stop , shaking uncontrollably and cry . reverend mother ( more softly ) okay , okay , ... thank you Evelyn . that be very brave of you , thank you . sister evelyn ( almost inaudible ) thank you mother . as Evelyn 's body finally relax , we see the tiniest hint of a smile on she face , more relief than anything else . reverend mother now for you penance I be go to assign you 10 hail Mary 's this week . and I would like you to fast all day Friday . sister evelyn yes mother , thank you mother ... Evelyn then start to shuffle back to she place in line . reverend mother wait a minute , where be you go ? Evelyn stop , freeze , completely confuse . sister evelyn I be sorry ... I think I be do ? reverend mother done ? no , you be not do . do you hear I say you be do ? come back here . still halt , Evelyn finally shuffles back to the center , just reverend mother turn to the group at large . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) now that Evelyn 's be brave enough to share some this fault in herself with all of we - I have like to open it up to the rest of you . can I have a volunteer please , to help point out any additional flaw they too have observe in Evelyn ? long beat . everybody be dead silent , completely catch off guard , unsure what to do . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) someone please speak , we have already establish she 's not perfect . 66 . continue silence , no one want to talk . beat . sister candace I see she smile . reverend mother ( turn to candace ) what ? sister candace just now , when you say she do a good job ... I see she smile ... like she be pleased with herself , like it be alla joke to she . reverend mother turn again to Evelyn , reverend mother Evelyn , be that true ? Evelyn just continue to stare at the floor tremble . sister evelyn no ... I mean how would she even know what I do , if she have not break custody of the eye to look at I ? before suddenly candace yell at she ! sister candace I do not !! you be vain !! with Evelyn yell back ! sister evelyn you do ! you be a liar ! that 's a fault too ! reverend mother quiet ! Evelyn you turn be over , you do not speak anymore .... more importantly , if you really have the nerve to mock this process - that 's pathetic . what kind of nun do you plan on be , if you can not even get through a moment of self - examination without gloat ... this be call the sin of pride , and I be go to correct it in each of you , start with you sister Evelyn ... in addition to you other penance , I want you to use the discipline on yourself . 67 . there 's a long , silent , overwhelmingly tense pause . move from face to face , we see how traumatize the girl be . terrify to speak again , Evelyn then finally ask ... sister evelyn the what ? int . novitiate dormitory . staircase - day a quiet empty stairwell , as Evelyn , Charlotte and candace all sit together on the stair . Evelyn be also hysterically cry , both girl just look at she . sister charlotte be it really that bad ? Evelyn just shake she head . sister evelyn what do you think ? sister charlotte you do not have to stay here you know , none of we do , you could leave anytime you want ... sister evelyn and do what ? tell my parent and everyone back home that I fail at be a nun . clearly guilt ride by she prior accusation , candace then turn to Evelyn so empathetically . sister candace sister , I be so sorry ... I be so sorry for the thing I say ... I do not think you be vain at all . Evelyn herself turn to candace sweetly . sister evelyn it 's okay sister , I know ... I do not think you be a liar . I be sorry too . int . refectory - day with the entire community once again gather for the afternoon meal , suddenly sister Genevieve stand and begin clinking she fork on a glass , address the room . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 68 . reverend mother sister , may I have you attention please . as of today we have a new member , sister emanuel , join we community . sister emanuel be previously a member of the sister of Christ in New Hampshire . but as she feel the culture of the rose be more suite to she religious need , she 's decide to transfer here . she 'il be join as a second year novice . at the novice table , all the girl immediately turn and look towards the podium , a mutual air of shock . follow they gaze , we then see a very beautiful , devout look young woman of 24 , stand beside sister Genevieve - sister emanuel . cathleen too then casually steal a glance at the new sister , although do not seem to show much interest . int . chapel - afternoon Inside the dead silence of the Chapel , all the new novice be line up at the foot of the altar , give a special communion by Father Luca . and as we slowly pan across , move from one girl to the next , one open mouth to the next - a strange sort of tension begin to build . ext . rural convent ground - afternoon on a sunny afternoon , sister cathleen and sister Emily sit alone together , in a tall field of sway grass . sister emily it just get to I you know . like I just think of how young we still be . all the thing we could be do , if we be not stick in here , in the novitiate . all my friend back home , they be all just do normal teenage stuff - go to drive - in movie , go roller skate , watch the firework on the 4th of July , go on date with boy . even .... sister cathleen even what ? Emily pause for a moment , afraid to even say the word . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 69 . sister emily ( she whisper it ) you know ... sex . cathleen just look at she , shocked then immediately start blush . sister emily ( cont ’d ) you can not tell I you have never think about it . everybody do , even nun , they just never talk about it . sister cathleen but how do you know that ? how do you know nun think about it ? sister emily because everybody do . it 's normal . more normal than you think . sister cathleen but , I do not think about it . Emily just look at she . sister emily you never kiss a boy before you come here , nothing like that ... cathleen shake she head . sister cathleen do you ? sister emily once . it be nice actually . I bet you have like it too . cathleen suddenly blushes even harder . sister cathleen I do not know ? it 's like reverend mother say , we body be just a distraction . they be both silent again . Emily stare off , seem suddenly ashamed . int . refectory - day Music begin to drift in , as hold alone in a single frame , sister candace give a read before the meal . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 70 . sister candace let he kiss I with the kiss of he mouth . for you love be better than wine ; you anoint oil be fragrant ; you name be oil pour out on I ; therefore virgin love you . draw I after you ; let we run ... int . novice assembly room - evening returning to another chapter of fault , the room be dead silent as reverend mother just look around at all the girl , she eye move from girl to girl . her eye then finally land on cathleen . reverend mother sister cathleen ... stun , cathleen be momentarily freeze . before she finally shuffles across the floor to the center of the room . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) what fault would you like to share with we this evening cathleen ? cathleen pause . it take she a long time . sister cathleen sometimes ... sometimes wish that I could be more love back ... what I mean be , I wish I know for sure , that we all know for sure , that he really love we back as much as we love he ... I wish I could feel it more . there 's a long pause , everyone wait on reverend mother 's reaction to this . but this time reverend mother seem softer , more tolerant . reverend mother ( consolingly ) do not wish for thing you should not sister . because that mean you be question God 's will . int . sister cathleen 's novice cell - night alone and in she cell at night , cathleen be now knelt on the floor in she nightgown and praying . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 71 . sister cathleen thank you so much for everything today Lord , for show I how to be a better novice . I be so sorry for ever question or doubting you . moment later cathleen undress out of she habit and into she nightgown . and again for the brief moment that she find herself nude , she struggle to hide she own body from herself . int . sister cathleen 's novice cell - night much later , the room be now shroud in darkness . as cathleen be also deep asleep , she gradually begin to toss and turn in bed , somewhat restless , until it gradually mutate into something else entirely . still deep in sleep , cathleen unconsciously begin to breathe somewhat heavily , then slowly move she hand between leg beneath the blanket , clearly arouse , masturbate without know . it go on for a minute or two as she remain asleep the whole time . before cathleen then suddenly jolt up and awake , completely startle ! breathe so heavily and desperately she just look down at she hand . we then move in on she face and eye , she terrify expression . it 's literally as if she have no idea what just happen , but only know it 's bad . ext . convent ground - morning gazing at the cloister from a distance , the first morning bell begin to chime . int . sister cathleen 's novice cell - morning seem as if she have be up all night , and so wrack with guilt and worry - cathleen be knelt beside she bed , struggle to pray . sister cathleen ( whisper ) I be so sorry Lord . I be so sorry , I be so sorry , I be so sorry ..... Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 72 . int . chapel - morning in the midst of morning mass , the novice be all seat together in they pews . as the Priest then beckon the entire congregation to pray , we focus on cathleen who 's still so distract she forget to lower she head . seat beside she , sister Charlotte notice and gently nudge she . cathleen look up confuse . Charlotte then shoot she a look like , '' everyone 's praying . '' int . refectory - day Inside the refectory , the entire community all eat in silence . except for cathleen , who simply stare down at she plate of food as if it disgust she . as if not eat might somehow absolve she secret , crippling guilt . across the table , sister emanuel happen to glance at cathleen and then down at she plate . she seem to be the only one who notice . as a postulant then finally come around to collect everyone 's plate , cathleen hand hers over , full and untouched . int . reverend mother 's private chapel - afternoon Inside reverend mother 's small private chapel , she kneel on the floor , deeply praying . there 's then a knock at the door , with sister Genevieve peek she head . reverend mother turn , confuse . sister genevieve Excuse I mother , sorry to bother you ... reverend mother what be it ? sister genevieve the archbishop be here to see you . now reverend mother 's face suddenly look a bit panicked , she clearly be not expect this . reverend mother what ? what do you mean , he 's here ? he 's here now ? sister genevieve yes , I be afraid so . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 73 . int . motherhouse . reception room - afternoon a wide shot from across the enormous room , as we see the silhouette of a man wait by himself . reverend mother then hurry into the room to greet he . moment later they be seat across a small table from one and other , a tea set place between they . archbishop mccarthy be also so exquisitely powerful and compose , while reverend mother actually seem a bit nervous and fidgety . archbishop so how be you Marie ? you well ? you seem a bit on edge ... reverend mother do I ? maybe it 's just because I have not be in the presence of a man in awhile . it 's unusual for I . the archbishop laugh out loud at this . while reverend mother just look confuse , she do not know what 's funny . archbishop do you know why I be here ? reverend mother no , I do not . archbishop you have no idea why I be here ? reverend mother I do not , no . archbishop let 's put it like this - I have be hearing a lot recently , about how this order in particular , be have difficulty embrace some of the change put forth by the second vatican Council , vatican ii ?... now you tell I , be that accurate ? suddenly reverend mother seem even more fidgety . reverend mother right , vatican ii . accurate to a point . some change we have adopt . other we have not . archbishop and would you care to elaborate on that ? Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 74 . reverend mother ( grow defiant ) not really . to be perfectly honest , most of the memo I have receive from you office only use the word '' suggestion '' . in regards to all this ridiculous reform we be suddenly suppose to ... archbishop how amusing . I think you be the only one who miss the subtext there . for most of we , the word '' suggestion '' be understand as synonymous with '' obligation '' . reverend mother maybe I be just not that attune to subtext . my apology . be we do here ? reverend mother begin to get up , but he make it clear she better sit back down . archbishop no , we be not do .... what exactly be you have the most difficulty with ? why do not you lay it out for I . reverend mother I have no difficulty with it . I just happen to disagree with it . all of it ... not to mention it 's a bit of a slap in the face that the sister be not give any voice in the matter . the archbishop laugh again , and she again do not know what 's so funny . archbishop you really expect they to have a voice , the sister ? reverend mother we be a part of this church too ... archbishop Marie , come on .... reverend mother with all due respect , I just do not think you really understand what this be go to do to we ... because it 's go to ruin we .... if we be really to embrace all this change - I guarantee you it 'il destroy the very institution of Catholic nun as we know it . 75 . beat . the archbishop be still not move . archbishop now be you still encourage all you postulant and novice to perform extreme penance on themselves ? all that old medieval stuff ?.. because that 's gotta stop . reverend mother just shake she head . reverend mother I never ask any of my girl to do anything for God , that I would not do myself . archbishop like I say , it 's gotta stop ... and as for the rest of Rome 's recommendation - I just hope you will keep a open mind , try to see they all together as part of a larger theme . the theme be change , adaptation , spiritual evolution .... do I a favor , just try and open you mind to this . otherwise , I may '' suggest '' we find a replacement for you . the archbishop then slowly rise and start to head for the door . but just as he reach it , he turn back . archbishop ( cont 'd ) you know you really should smile more ... reverend mother Excuse I ? archbishop you should smile more , woman be so much prettier when they smile . reverend mother just glare . reverend mother I be not a woman , I be a nun . archbishop be there a difference ? and now she glare at he even harder . reverend mother there use to be . 76 . int . novitiate assembly room - night yet another '' chapter of fault '' , as all the novice kneel in silence , with sister Emily in the center . sister emily I never think I have say this , but there be time when I question if God be real ?... it 's so horrible , I know . but what scare I to think be , what if he do not really exist ? turn to reverend mother , we see how completely check out she seem , as if she thought be literally mile away . sister emily ( cont ’d ) what if he 's just something we all make up one day , then everybody start believe it ... all the thing we do for he , everything we all put ourselves through , how we push ourselves and push ourselves to live only in he image ... if it ever turn out that God do not really exist - then who would we all be do it for ? turn back to reverend mother , it take a moment for she to even realize Emily have finish . everybody wait on she word , she finally check back into the present . reverend mother sister Emily , you seem to like to come in here week after week , make the same pathetic confession of you waver faith . again and again and again ... frankly I think we have all grow tired of have to listen to this ongoing saga of you complete and utter spiritual wretchedness .... for you penance , I be assign you no penance at all . why bother , it 's a complete waste of my time . at which point reverend mother just get up and walk straight out of the room , leave all the girl in shock . beat . everybody just look around . ext . convent ground - afternoon a large clothes line be hang , with a small group of novice busy themselves do laundry . 77 . glancing across the courtyard , sister Emily then happen to notice sister emanuel walk by herself , head down , mind she own business . Emily shoot a look over to sister candace , as the girl start whisper . sister emily I just do not understand who she be or what she 's even do here ? sister candace apparently the s.0.c 's be not strict enough for she . I guess she come here for all the extra self punishment . sister emily be you serious ? do she really think she 's that holy ? they both giggle out loud , then stop themselves . int . refectory - afternoon back in the dining hall and while everyone around she eat , cathleen just stare down poke and pick at another plate of food . emanuel again , seem to be the only one that notice . cathleen then happen to catch emanuel look at she , who quickly turn away . it 's awkward . int . rev . mother 's hallway - afternoon look down the long hallway , cathleen sit alone on the bench outside reverend mother 's office , wait . we move in closer on she clearly anxious expression . then to she hand , fussing and fidget in she lap . finally the door to reverend mother 's office open with reverend mother peek out . she turn to cathleen . reverend mother you can come in . int . reverend mother 's office - moment later cathleen and reverend mother now sit across the desk from each other . reverend mother stare at she curiously . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 78 . reverend mother what do you want to see I about , sister ? cathleen can barely even get the word out , sister cathleen I be just wonder if ... if I could use the discipline , just for the night ? caught off guard , reverend mother then slowly look up and much more directly at cathleen . reverend mother the discipline ? why ? sister cathleen if it 's okay with you , I would rather not say . reverend mother it 's not okay . I can not just give it to you , without know what you want it for first . a long pause , cathleen struggle so hard to think of what to say . cathleen no , I know ... I break Grande silence twice this week .... I be also uncharitable to one of my sister when I do not mean to be . now reverend mother look at cathleen with more interest , as if actually notice she for the very first time . reverend mother that 's what you want to punish yourself for ? cathleen nod . reverend mother continue to look at she . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) honestly ? cathleen nod again . reverend mother then open a drawer remove the small knotted whip from she desk . she slide it across to cathleen . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) be careful , it 's not a toy . cathleen slowly take it , begin to get up . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 79 . sister cathleen thank you mother . keeping she eye on cathleen , reverend mother watch she leave with intensify curiosity . int . sister cathleen 's novice cell - night knelt by herself on the floor , cathleen slowly and meticulously begin to pull she habit over she head . she stare at the floor for a long beat , clearly so utterly terrify about what she 's about to do . finally she reach down and grab the discipline off the floor , take a deep breath and begin to whip herself . she hit herself very , very hard . crack ! crack ! crack ! and with each and every crack , we can hear she muffle yelp and moan of pain . and yet she keep go , just gritting she tooth and try to get through it . cathleen whip herself about 10 time , then finally stop . hard to black . fade up : ext . convent garden - afternoon on a beautiful sunny afternoon , cathleen sit on a bench by herself read the Bible . suddenly sister Genevieve then walk across the courtyard to she . sister genevieve Excuse I sister , but you mother 's here to see you . cathleen then look up , stare at Genevieve confuse . sister cathleen what ? what do you mean ? why would my mother be here , it 's not visit day ? sister Genevieve look around to see if anyone 's watch . she whisper something into cathleen 's ear . 80 . int . hallway - day follow behind Genevieve , cathleen start towards the main nun 's door of the family room , but then Genevieve stop she , motion elsewhere . sister genevieve it 's okay , reverend mother say you be allow to use the other door today . cathleen then follow she through the alternate door . int . family reception room - day as cathleen enter , she immediately see nora stand there and wait , wear a odd expression . and we can tell cathleen 's not happy about it . she slowly walk to she mom , with nora at once try to hug she . but instead cathleen freeze . nora be there somewhere can we talk . I get something I gotta tell you ... sister cathleen ( motion to Genevieve ) it 's okay , she already tell I .... confused for a moment , nora then turn and glare at Genevieve . she take another step toward cathleen . nora no one know he have it . guess it have be a few year now and he just keep it to himself ... and I know he be not ever much a father to you honey , but it 's probably still kind of a shock . that 's why I come , I do not want you to be alone ... sister cathleen but I be not alone . and you really do not have to come . taken aback , nora look at cathleen like she barely recognize she . nora what be that suppose to mean ? I come here for you . it do not upset you to hear you dad pass away ... cathleen just shrug she shoulder . 81 . nora ( cont 'd ) ( search cathleen 's eye ) wait a minute , what 's go on here ? what the hell be go on ? I be serious cathleen ? what be this ... sister cathleen nothing 's go on , Mom . I be sorry you be upset , okay ... nora then gradually begin to get angry , but it 's a anger mask a much deeper concern . nora well I be sorry you be not . what the hell be go on ? and why have you lose a bunch of weight ? cathleen just look at the floor , averting nora 's gaze . nora ( cont 'd ) you look really thin . how much weight have you lose ? why be you so thin ? cathleen Mom , I be fine .... please , I have not lose that much weight ... nora how much weight have you lose ! what 's go on , they do not feed you in here ? let I see you hand , show I you arm . nora then reach to grab cathleen 's arm , at the same time as cathleen immediately and violently jerk it back . cathleen I be fine , okay . I have to go now ... I be sorry about dad , I really be . i’1l pray that God meet he in grace , okay ... nora what ?!?! you have to go now !? cathleen stare at she hard . cathleen I be sorry , I have to go okay . she then immediately turn and leave , not look back for a second . nora cathleen !... what , cathleen ! cathleen !! 82 . but she 's go , once again leave nora in a complete state of shock and feel more distance than ever from she daughter nora then turn again to sister Genevieve , who 's be stand there the whole time . nora ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , what 's the name of that mother Superior lady , woman who run this place ... sister genevieve reverend mother ? you mean reverend mother ? nora yeah she . can you take I to she please . int . reverend mother 's office - day reverend mother sit behind with nora across from she . all while nora wear a almost explosive expression . reverend mother how be you Mrs. Harris , I do not think we have meet ... nora ( not skip a beat ) I be fine . just want to know what 's go on with my daughter , that 's all .... reverend mother I be sorry , what do you mean by that ? nora look , miss ... reverend mother mother ... nora Excuse I ? reverend mother it 's mother , reverend mother . I be not a miss , or a Mrs. for that matter . nora just glare . nora Lady , I be not call you mother . beat . 83 . reverend mother Mrs. Harris I understand you have have a loss in the family , and I just want to express ... nora save it . you do know I have not see my daughter in nearly 6 month - I come here today to tell she about she dad , and I barely even recognize she . she look completely different , like she 's lose 20 pound ... I want to know what you be do to she in here ? reverend mother I ? what I be do ? this be about she weight , she body , be not that a bit of a superficial topic ... nora be you blind ! have you see she lately ! she look like she 's die ! reverend mother please calm down . nora like she 's die !! I say , I want to know what 's go on in here ! reverend mother just look at nora , take a long beat . reverend mother honestly with all due respect Mrs. Harris , in a sense you do bring you daughter here to die . you bring she here to die to the outside world , be reborn again in Christ 's love ... she 's just go through a process , that 's all ... for whatever it 's worth , I do understand how hard it be for any parent to give they child to God . nora oh really , do you ? and that 's because you have child you own ? calm and cool as ever , reverend mother then look nora straight in the eye . 84 . reverend mother no , I be afraid I do not . but neither do you anymore either . reverend mother stare and nora stare back , both so enraged it 's like they could almost get in a fist fight . nora then slowly rise , not take she eye off she . nora okay well just so you know , and with all due respect to you , miss whatever - the - fuck you want to be call by ... I do not ' bring 's my daughter here . I do not ' bring 's she here at all ... but if I ever come back and see she like this again - I will take she out of here . nora head for the door , but turn back once more . nora ( cont 'd ) you get that - mother ! she slam the door behind she . we hold on reverend mother in a complete state of shock . the pressure start to get to she . int . refectory - evening as cathleen look down to she plate to see a large hunk of highly unappetize meatloaf stare back at she , we can tell how incredibly difficult this be for she . we then notice sister Genevieve across the room stare straight at she , watch she like a hawk . cathleen fully aware she 's be watch . ever so slowly , cathleen then finally begin to eat . she do so deliberately , one bite after another . one bite after another . one bite after ... before all out of nowhere , cathleen suddenly start gag and grab at she stomach , literally double over ! she get up to try and excuse herself but immediately fall to the floor , cough and dry heaving , as she stomach try to force she food back up . all the other novice instantly rush over to try and help . hard to black . fade up : Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 85 . ext . convent - evening we watch a small group of profess sister suddenly run for cover , as a heavy rain fall over the convent . int . infirmary - night Inside a small infirmary room we come to a close up on cathleen fast asleep , little sheet of rain from the window outside , reflect over she face . after a moment , a vague shadow then pass over she face . now cathleen suddenly jolt awake , shocked to see none other than sister emanuel stand over she . she stare at emanuel for a long moment , unsure if she 's dream . sister cathleen ( in sign language ) what be you do here ? sister emanuel ( in sign language ) I do not mean to wake you . reverend mother ask I to check on you . cathleen just look at she . slowly prop herself up in the bed . sister cathleen ( in sign language ) reverend mother ? sister emanuel yes . and it 's okay , we do not have to sign , it 's not Grande silence yet . cathleen try to roll over a bit but wince , clearly she stomach be still hurt she . sister emanuel ( cont ’d ) be you hungry ? maybe you should eat something .... they ask I to bring you soup from the dining hall . hold on ... emanuel then walk across the room , grab a small bowl of soup she leave by the door and hand it to cathleen . sister cathleen thank you sister . cathleen sit up further and they look at each other . cathleen then close she eye to pray and emanuel wait . * * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 86 . sister cathleen ( cont 'd ) * so you be from the s.0.c. 's , right ? what happen you do not like it there ? emanuel suddenly look a bit self - conscious , as if she do not particularly like answer this question . sister emanuel it 's not that I do not like it . I just think it would be better for I to be a Rose . think it would be easier . sister cathleen easier ? but be not rose so much stricter ? sister emanuel sometimes when thing be stricter that make it easier . I mean , for I I guess . sister cathleen I would not know . all I ever want be to be a Rose . sister emanuel you be really good at it , be not you ? sister cathleen at what ? sister emanuel be a nun . what I mean be , it just seem to come so naturally to you . cathleen pause , as if she 's never give it much think . sister cathleen not always . but I know I want God 's love , and if be a good nun be what it take for I to deserve God 's love , then ... beat . emanuel think about it for a moment . sister emanuel I admire you . sister cathleen * what ? I ? sister emanuel I admire you devotion . how much you seem to feel . what you be willing to go through . all the passion you feel , it seem so real with you . +e * hf Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 87. sister cathleen be not it with you too ? emanuel be about to answer , before suddenly another bell begin to chime . this one indicate the actual start of Grande silence . sister emanuel ( in sign language ) that 's Grande silence , I better go . cathleen look a bit disappointed but do not show it , now watch she leave . sister cathleen sister emanuel ... emanuel turn . sister cathleen ( cont 'd ) ( in sign language ) thank you for come . sister emanuel ( in sign language ) you be welcome . int . convent ground - morning yet again we watch all the novice , in they silent , exquisite , and disturbingly precise procession , make they way through the convent grounds towards morning mass . int . reverend mother 's office - morning alone in she office , reverend mother stare silently out the window , just watch the novice with a oddly sad expression . we then look down to the window to another mysterious and ominous envelope place in front of she . int . cathleen 's infirmary room - afternoon with she head rest sideways on the pillow , cathleen slowly open she eye and look across the room to see emanuel on the floor praying . cathleen just watch for a moment , oddly fascinate . before emanuel turn and cathleen pretend she be not watch . sister cathleen how long be I asleep for ? * + eh Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) sister emanuel not long . you look better today . be you feel better ? sister cathleen I think so . a little . sister emanuel do you sleep well ? beat . sister emanuel ( cont ’d ) do you want I to help you change out of you nightgown ? you have be wear that one for a few day now . cathleen suddenly look panicked , it 's a awkward 88 . question that she 's not quite sure how to respond to . sister cathleen oh umm , that 's okay , I can do it myself . understand what she mean , now emanuel look embarrassed . emanuel then go to the closet to find a nightgown . she hand it to cathleen as cathleen turn she body around so she 's not face she as she change . beat . sister emanuel maybe it 's a weird question - but why do you do it ? why do you starve yourself like that , make yourself sick ? do you do it for Christ ? cathleen look catch off guard , embarrassed . she 's still partially unclothed . sister emanuel ( cont ’d ) sorry , it 's none of my business ... cathleen finish put the nightgown on . sister cathleen you can turn around now , it 's okay ... emanuel turn then go and sit on the edge of the sister cathleen ( cont 'd ) I think I be do it for Christ and to be a better nun .... ( more ) also bed . +e * hf * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 89 . sister cathleen ( cont 'd ) but maybe I also think if I make myself starve on the outside , somehow I would not feel myself as much starve on the inside .... emanuel just look at she , curiously . sister emanuel but what be you starve for , on the inside I mean ? cathleen be speechless for a moment . sister cathleen I do not know ? sister emanuel it really be not any of my business ... sister cathleen it 's okay . I be just not use to talk to other sister this way . sister emanuel what way ? sister cathleen just ... this way . sister emanuel I know what you mean , it 's kind of the hardest thing about be a nun for I . sister cathleen what be ? emanuel look at the ground for a moment , then back up at cathleen . sister emanuel friendship . int . reverend mother 's office - morning back in reverend mother 's office , she finally reach for the envelope and open it . Inside be a small two page letter , which she then begin to read . watch she eye read over the letter , line by line , it 's as if each line make she more and more upset , even devastate by whatever the letter be tell she . + eh * % Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 90 . reverend mother then put the letter back in the envelope and just stare out the window , before she at last begin to pray . int . infirmary - afternoon back in the infirmary , we hold a tight close up on * emanuel as she read out loud to cathleen . * sister emanuel let not you heart be troubled . believe in God ; believe also in I . in my Father 's house be many room . if it be not so , would I have tell you that I go to prepare a place for you ... at the same time , we begin to push in on cathleen , she * face and eye , as she listen . expressionless for a long time , all out of nowhere cathleen begin to cry - completely confusing emanuel . sister emanuel ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong ? what happen ? do I do * something wrong ? cathleen just stare at she through she tear , barely able to communicate . emanuel look so confuse , not know what to say . sister emanuel ( cont ’d ) I do not understand ? I do not understand ? I do not mean to upset you ... a beat pass with emanuel totally freeze , before cathleen gradually seem to regain herself . we then happen to notice cathleen 's hand fall along the top of the bed , with emanuel 's eye accidentally look toward it . they be silent for a beat , cathleen sniffle , before emanuel look at she so compassionately then almost involuntarily reach she hand over to gently hold cathleen 's . but then in a almost knee jerk and spontaneous reaction , cathleen immediately yank she hand away . silence . it 's so awkward , both of they so shocked , speechless and deeply uncomfortable . * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 91 . but then cathleen gradually lay she hand back down . before slowly , tentatively , exploringly inching she finger back across the fabric to touch the edge of emanuel 's finger . with each of they eye turn completely away , emanuel too gradually allow she finger to intertwine with cathleen 's . until finally they be fully hold hand . beat . now all out of nowhere it 's emanuel who suddenly jump up off the bed , violently yanking she hand away , panicked ! sister emanuel ( cont ’d ) sorry ! that be a mistake ! I be sorry ! I be really sorry ! do not tell anyone , please ! that be a mistake ! cathleen try to hide she shock and shame . sister cathleen no , it 's my fault . I be sorry ! sister emanuel it 's okay . I be sorry . I have to go now , okay . sister cathleen okay , I be really sorry sister . emanuel then immediately rush out of the room , leave cathleen alone and in shock . int . infirmary . hallway - night in the hall just outside the infirmary , we watch emanuel start to hurry away . crying , she at first walk , then suddenly pick up the pace to a run . int . reverend mother' office - day returning to reverend mother , she sit alone at she desk with the huge stack of vatican ii document in front of she , just stare at they and stare at they . then suddenly , in a fit of wild emotion , she begin to grab all the papers and wildly throw they across the room . it 's as if she do not even know what 's come over she , but can not stop herself . she 's so hurt and so angry . a * * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 92 . int . courtyard - day as a heavy rain begin to fall , we turn to find sister emanuel now crawl by herself against the cold stone ground . she be literally soak to the bone , praying out loud as she enact she own penance , desperate to punish herself as much as possible . sister emanuel Lord , make I a instrument of thy peace ; where there be hatred , let I sow love ; where there be injury , pardon ; where there be doubt , faith ; where there be despair , hope ; where there be darkness , light ; where there be sadness , joy . o Divine master , grant that I may not so much seek to be consol as to console ; to be understand , as to understand ; to be love , as to love .... Love , love , love , love , love , love ... fade out . fade up : not . refectory - day in the middle of the afternoon , we find all of the rose oddly gather and wait for something . they all whisper to each other , look around , seem as if they have no idea what 's go on or why they be there . at last , reverend mother then enter from the front . she look around for a beat , slowly head to the podium . as we watch reverend mother now stand there in front of the entire group of rose , essentially she whole world for so many year upon year , we see how truly pain and conflict she be about what she 's about to do . she take a deep sigh , then look up at they all so tenderly . reverend mother sister , I have a announcement . I apologize this have take I so long . but there be something very important I have be meaning to discuss with all of you .... I imagine by now , at least a few of you have hear of something call vatican ii . in a nutshell , there have be a ongoing series of meeting take place in Rome over the past 3 year . ( more ) * + eh + eh + HH hhh HH Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 93 . reverend mother ( cont 'd ) meeting which have be principally concerned with the current state of we church . and with ... certain revision the Pope and other feel necessary , in order to insure the survival of the church ... we pan around to see the reaction of the utterly confuse community . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) for myself , I could not be more pleased with the result of vatican ii . or even with the brave new direction in which the church be now go . Pope John xxiii be nothing but visionary , in term of ... umm .... ummm ..... everybody still just look around , not quite sure where any of this be go . reverend mother just shake she head . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) well , let 's not belabor this ... I be just go to read you this memo from the archdiocese , regard a number of new reform that we will all be adopt as of immediately ... reverend mother then clear she throat , pull out the same letter we see she hold before . she slowly , deliberately begin to read straight off the page . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) '' from now on , please be advise that Priests be no longer require to read the liturgy in Latin , and should face the congregation during Holy mass .... all Catholic be further encourage to embrace the idea of full and complete religious tolerance . while we may not share the same belief as other , we will honor and respect each and every individual 's belief as they own , not persecute other on the basis of they belief ... please be advise also that all nun and woman religious , cloistered and non cloistered , be no longer require to wear the traditional religious habit as a symbol of they lifelong matrimony to Christ . in fact , they be now free to wear what they want .... '' +e * hf + HH HH + h hk * * he HH hhh HH HH hf hhh HH hk Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 94 . at this , many of the sister look around at each other , a mutual air of shock . '' what do she just say ? '' reverend mother ( cont ’d ) regard the culture of more extreme abnegation and self - punishment , still prevalent in many of we community today - please be advise that accord to the council , this be no longer understand to be the appropriate path to follow , for all that seek great union with Christ ... it be no longer acceptable to view any act of suffer , self - punishment , or extreme sacrifice - as a act of love , or way to gain favor with we Lord . we , as Catholic , need to learn to understand love in a different way ... finally , from here forward and in the eye of both the church and God alike , the status of all nun will be reduce as equal to that of any regular practice Catholic . while the choice to enter the convent remain one 's own , this do not necessarily make nun any more ' beloved 's or ' special 's in God 's eye . we hear a few gasp through the room , before everyone be suddenly silent . total devastation . a few sister then begin to cry . all while reverend mother just look at they all so sadly , compassionately . perhaps more than anything else , maternally . like a mother that feel she 's fail and let she child down . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) I be so very sorry sister . enjoy the rest of you day . int . infirmary - night back in the infirmary it be now very late at night . cathleen toss and turn in bed for a moment , then sit up , stare pensively off into the darkness . int . chapel - night with the world hushed and the entire convent go to sleep , suddenly the door to the chapel be pushed right OPEN , reverend mother charge inside and head straight for the altar . he HH fh HH hhh hhh HH HH hhh fh % Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 95 . moment later , reverend mother now lay herself across the foot of the altar , stare up so desperately at the icon of christ that loom above . seem like a woman who 's lose all foot in the world . she begin to whisper to God , to herself , to whatever 's out there that might still hear she .... reverend mother where be you ? where be you ? what happen to we ?... you be always there , for so long , right there next to I . I could feel you with I , together with I , all the time . my darling husband ... then one day , you start leave I !... leave I and leave I all alone , to face this on my own ... reverend mother gradually begin to cry , perhaps for the first time in 40 year . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) I bet you think that mean I have lose faith in you too ? because that 's what you want . you want I to lose faith , to stop believe in you , so I be the one who leave you first . and then you do not have to worry about my pain ..... well guess what , I be not do it ... I make a commitment to you 40 year ago , and whatever else happen , even if you do not want I anymore , even if you decide to turn you back on I and leave I forever ... I be still not lose faith ... because you be all I have , and I need you . everything be just so much harder to face without you ... my darling husband . she then roll over on she back , lay prostrate and stare up at the ceiling , look everywhere for he . hope whatever she say might somehow bring he back . int . emanuel 's cell - later in the darkness of she tiny cell , emanuel lay fast asleep , before there 's a knock on she door and she wake up . emanuel then walk half asleep to the door , only to find cathleen stand there in the doorway stare right back at she . they just stand there like that for a long time . breathe so heavily , cathleen whisper in a shaky voice . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 96 . sister cathleen be it okay ? * sister emanuel * you be not suppose to be here . but cathleen do not move , just stay where she be . emanuel go back to she bed and sit , with cathleen * follow and sit on the other end of the bed from she . they be dead silent for a long beat . sister emanuel ( cont ’d ) * what do you want from I ? * tear well in cathleen 's eye , so confuse by she own emotion she do not know how to express it . Long pause . sister cathleen do you remember ... do remember before , when you ask what I be starve for ? emanuel turn away and look at the floor . sister cathleen ( cont 'd ) I just want you to comfort I , that 's * all . I just want you to comfort I . * please . will you please comfort I , sister . emanuel look at she again , tear welling in she own * eye . sister emanuel I can not ... do that . sister cathleen please , please . please just comfort I . please , just comfort I ... they turn to face it each other fully now . sister cathleen ( cont 'd ) just comfort I , please comfort I . Comfort I . Comfort I . Comfort I . unable to stop herself , cathleen then slide across the bed so that she face be only inch away from emanuel 's . she be fully cry now . emanuel quietly panic stricken . sister emanuel * shhhh , do not cry .... okay , okay . I will . in 1l comfort you , okay , please just stop talk , stop cry . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 97 . sister cathleen please , please , please .... emanuel reach she hand up and into cathleen 's mouth , gently push she finger all around and in between she lip . cathleen let 's she forehead fall to rest against emanuel 's , now breathe even more heavily . sister cathleen ( cont 'd ) ( barely audible ) please just comfort I . please just comfort I . please just comfort I . please just comfort I . they then gradually begin to kiss . at first so timidly , as if it be possibly the first time for both of they . then a little more freely . then more intensely . then more passionately . then more and more passionately , cathleen unable to stop cry as it happen . sister cathleen ( cont 'd ) I just want you to comfort I ... please , please , please .... just comfort I ... please just comfort I .... int . reverend mother 's office - day before we again find ourselves back in reverend mother 's office , with she and cathleen sit directly opposite each other . cathleen be clearly very nervous , silent for a long time , unable to look at reverend mother for fear of be find out . beat . reverend mother I take it you be feel better ? sister cathleen I be , yes , thank you . reverend mother even though I would not recommend it - I appreciate the devotion you show , starve yourself for Christ . cathleen just look at the ground . sister cathleen thank you , mother . + eh 98. reverend mother well , there be not go to be any surprise . a few bump here and there , but you have mostly be exceptional in you training here .... I really believe you belong here with we sister , do not that make you happy ? oddly expressionless , cathleen just nod . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) you do not seem happy ? sister cathleen ( unsure ) no , of course I be . I be happy . reverend mother stare at she , almost compassionately . almost as if long for some connection with she . reverend mother I do not know how much you have hear about vatican ii ? cathleen look up surprised . sister cathleen not much . just some thing I have hear here and there from some of the other . reverend mother try to think of how to say it , grow even more emotional and confessional . reverend mother you know , when I first come here , when I first come to this convent all that year ago now ... I have nothing . cathleen look again . unsure how to handle she sudden candor and intimacy . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) nothing . no home , no family , no one to look after I ... nothing .... and the church , the church be the only thing to ever hold I . the only thing to ever embrace I ... the church give I my life , my work , my community , even my identity ... cathleen just stare at she , a strange moment of connection as if they both understand each other more deeply than they think . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) do not you see ? now vatican ii want to take all that away . vatican ii want to invalidate all that , for all of we , say none of it matter . that nothing we do matter anymore ... but then my question be - what be it that really do still matter . reverend mother just stare at cathleen , who stare back at she . we hold on they look at each other like this . ext . convent . colonnade - afternoon we hear the sound of the mid afternoon bell , as cathleen be now walk by herself back through the colonnade . at the same time and come in the opposite direction , be sister emanuel . cathleen and emanuel then cross in the middle , all while both maintain such rigidity in they ' custody of the eyes’ , it 's hard to tell if they even see each other . then suddenly cathleen stop , turn and look at emanuel . sister cathleen sister ... emanuel turn and look at she too , but with such vacancy in she eye , such total absence , it 's hard to tell if she even recognize she . sister emanuel yes sister ....? they continue to look at each other . as it 's gradually clear emanuel have no plan to knowledge she . emanuel then turn and walk away . beat . sister charlotte ( 0.s. ) so many thing have change since we be postulant ... I know that when I first have my vocation , that it be real , it be a real vocation . int . novitiate assembly room —- evening we again find ourselves in another chapter of fault . sister Charlotte on the floor , confess before the group . 100 . sister charlotte that it be really , truly he voice speak to I ... I just do not know anymore if this be really what he be call I for ? maybe he do not need I here anymore ? maybe he want something else for I ? maybe he never mean for I to be a nun in the first place , and do not care what I do . he just want I to live my life , and be a good person and be happy .... or , maybe not ? reverend mother be oddly calm . she just stare at Charlotte for a moment , then shrug . reverend mother okay fine , thank you sister . for you penance , say 3 extra hail mary before bed each night . do it quickly if you like . still stare at the ground , Charlotte wait a beat , then shuffles back to she place . reverend mother look around the room . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) sister cathleen , come forward please . cathleen look up , before she too shuffles to the center of the room . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) sister cathleen , do you have any accusation you would like to make against yourself ? any new fault you want to share with we ? beat . cathleen be silent . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) cathleen , do you hear what I say ? fault - do you have fault for we ? sister cathleen yes , sorry ... I do ... I want to accuse myself ... to accuse myself of ... of ... but cathleen seem so conflict , barely able to get any word out . nearby , emanuel look mortify . sister cathleen ( cont 'd ) I want to accuse myself of ... accuse myself of ... have feeling ... 101 . reverend mother feeling ? what kind of feeling ? sister cathleen feeling I be not sure I be suppose to have ... like , want to be with another person .... in a way that make I feel ... reverend mother feel what ? sister cathleen want . comfort . love and ... I want someone to touch I and to make I feel something . something more than God can give I .... the whole room be silence . we again hold on emanuel 's face . reverend mother look angry . reverend mother more than God can give you , what be that suppose to mean ! sister cathleen I do not know ? reverend mother ( genuine shock ) what do that mean !? explain yourself sister ! emanuel start to tremble . cathleen just shake she head . silence . reverend mother ( cont ’d ) explain it ! sister cathleen but I do not know how to explain it ... I be accuse myself of be intimate with someone , another sister , and of feel love for she .... a state of mutual shock then fall over the room . sister cathleen ( cont 'd ) and it I do not think it be a sin , because it do not feel like a sin . it do not feel like a sin . it feel more like the way we be suppose to feel ... 102 . cathleen seem like she 's about to cry , she body shaking and tremble , yet somehow she will not allow herself . reverend mother I do not understand ! be you intimate with someone in this room ? who ? call she out ! call she out right now ! we turn to emanuel again , she can barely take it . sister cathleen no mother , I be not go to do that ... I make my accusation , like you ask . just want my penance . I just want my penance . reverend mother cathleen , what exactly do you do !? and with whom do you do it !! emanuel continue to remain stone face . sister cathleen I be not say who mother ! I just want to do my penance ! give I my penance ! reverend mother I want to know who ! cathleen be still on the verge of tear , but still will not cry . sister cathleen I just want to do my penance ! I just want my penance ! I want to do my ... penance ! reverend mother you want you penance cathleen !! sister cathleen yes , mother , I do ! reverend mother you want you penance cathleen ! ! sister cathleen yes , mother , I dooooooooo !!! reverend mother okay then I want you to crawl across the floor , to every sister hear , and beg US all for you penance ! cathleen be freeze . now she all at once begin to cry hysterically . 103 . reverend mother ( cont 'd ) if you really want you penance that bad , beg for it ! her body shaking like a leaf , cathleen then throw herself onto she knee . weeping and cry she start to crawl along the floor , stop at the foot of each of she sister , begging they all so desperately . sister cathleen I just want my penance ! please give I my penance . I just want my penance ! I beg you for my penance . I just want my penance ! I just want my penance ! I just want my penance ! I just want my penance ! I just want my penance ! I beg you ! I be begging you !! please , I beg you for it ! all while reverend mother just watch along with the other , everyone in a mutual state of shock . some of the girl be now cry , other tremble and shaking , other just hope it will all to be over soon . before eventually cathleen seem to totally collapse , literally implode into herself , like no more than a frighten , tremble ball on the floor . we then hold on sister emanuel one last time , before she at last begin to cry too . ext . refectory - afternoon look at the line of sister now wait to enter the dining hall , we see how utterly emptied and diminish the community have become . as if nearly half the community have disappear in the blink of a eye . we hold briefly on reverend mother 's expression , still stand at the door , still formally greeting each sister as they pass - she try to put on a brave face , but it 's clearly she 's break inside . at the back of the line , sister Emily and Evelyn also whisper to each other . sister emily where be everyone ? sister evelyn go . sister emily go ? what do you mean go ? Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 104 . sister evelyn do not you hear , they all leave . because of vatican ii . int . chapel side room - day with the now only few remain novice all gather in the chapel atrium beside a small rack of awaiting wedding dress , suddenly cathleen , Evelyn and candace hurry in . fuss with the dress , sister Anne look up and glare at they . sister anne you 3 be late . be everyone here now ? who want to be fitte first ... sister Anne hand cathleen she dress as sister Emily randomly go over to the rack , start look over all the dress and count to herself . sister emily why be there only 5 dress ? where 's sister emanuel 's ? sister anne ( nonchalant ) sister emanuel 's dress will not be need anymore , because sister emanuel have leave . she 's not go to be take vow with the rest of you anymore . suddenly they all turn , just stare at Anne in shock . sister charlotte Left ? what do you mean , she leave ? where do she go ? Anne just look annoyed . sister anne I have no idea . she just leave , that 's all I know . my guess be she just do not want to be a nun anymore . as the other all look around at each other in disbelief . we turn to cathleen , who 's already off - kilter state of confusion have just amplify tenfold . 105 . ext . convent ground - dusk night fall over the convent , as we hear the sound of the Grande silence bell ring out over the landscape . int . sister cathleen 's novice cell - evening alone in she room , cathleen be knelt down upon she floor , softly and intimately praying . a halo of light outline she face . sister cathleen Lord , dear Lord . I wish I know what ... I do not know if this be something I need to figure out on my own ? or if I should be wait for some kind of sign from you ?... if you want I to stay , I ’1ll stay . but I can not figure it out ... I can not hear you anymore , and I do not know if it 's because you stop speak , or I somehow stop know how to listen ... or maybe the voice I hear all this time , be not ever even yours ...?? she then pause , try so hard to listen for he . just try and try and try , to no avail . moment later cathleen again begin to carefully undress out of she habit , prepare to change into she nightgown . all in the same meticulous and ritualistic fashion we have see before . reaching down for she nightgown however , suddenly the small cross that have hang on she wall all this time , fall onto the floor . almost like magic , or perhaps this be the sign she ask for . cathleen just look at the cross with a vacant expression . before she drop all of she clothes , suddenly stand stark naked . cathleen walk naked across the room to pick up the cross , lay it on she dresser , then walk out of frame . Music drift in ...... int . chapel - day we hold tightly on nora jut as she eye look all around , clearly anxious and uneasy about something . pulling back we see nora be also wedge in amidst a SMALL crowd of people inside the church . 106 . all dress in Sunday best , move and bump into each other , try to find seat . as nora again move down the center aisle , she notice reverend mother somewhere across the chapel , just as reverend mother notice she too . they both avoid eye contact . int . chapel ante room - same time the remain group of second year novice , a mere 5 in total , be all line up and clothed in they wedding dress . they wait to have they veil attach . cathleen make she way to the head of the line , as a elder sister reach up to attach she veil too . int . chapel - day Music fill in even louder , as the ceremony have finally begin . with the door to the chapel open , all the novice make they way toward the altar , all in perfect single file , keep such exquisite custody of the eye , just as we have see they before . nora turn to look at cathleen , a somewhat sad yet resign expression in she eye . the procession then all kneel together before the altar , softly bath in a radiant sort of light that outline they body like a halo . for the very first time with he face turn and look directly at the congregation , the Priest then begin : priest Guardian of virgin and father , Saint Joseph , to whose faithful custody innocence itself , Christ Jesus , and Mary , virgin of virgin , be commit .... we hear someone whisper in the audience , congregation ( 0.s. ) be he speak English ? before we turn to reverend mother , sit near the front , stare at the altar as if the very sight of the Priest face she be like a stab in the heart . 107 . priest I pray and beseech thee by each of this dear pledge , Jesus and Mary , that , be preserve from all uncleanness , I may with spotless mind , pure heart , and a chaste body , ever serve Jesus and Mary most chastely all the day of my life . amen . eventually we discover cathleen , knelt down amongst she sister , eye hide from beneath she veil . priest ( cont 'd ) let we begin the ceremony ... the entire room fall silently as the first in line , sister Evelyn , then move to genuflect down and kneel before the Priest . he reach down to she veil . priest ( cont 'd ) sister Evelyn , what be you desire ? look into the pews , we also see evelyn 's parent anxiously craning to see they daughter on the altar . and from the expression they hold , even we can feel the intense pressure on this child . Evelyn wait a long beat , then ... sister evelyn with the help of God , I have come to know in this community both the difficulty and joy of a life completely devote to he . my desire be to make permanent profession within this community , and to wear the holy habit of the Clare . priest and what be it you seek ? sister evelyn ( shaky ) I seek to take the vow of chastity , poverty and obedience . to give my life to God for all eternity , to be marry forever to we Lord , Jesus Christ . the Priest make the sign of the cross over she forehead . priest bride of Christ , you be now profess . but sister Evelyn remain completely freeze . she look so terrify . before she finally return to she place . 108 . once Evelyn be go , the Priest motion to cathleen and she too move forward , take Evelyn 's place . the Priest lift cathleen 's veil , stare into she eye . priest ( cont 'd ) sister , what be you desire ? beat . cathleen then pause for a very long time before speak . she wear a almost unreadable expression . sister cathleen with the help of God , I have come to know in this community both the difficulty and joy of a life completely devote to he . my desire be to make permanent profession in this community , and to wear the holy habit of the Rose . nora shake she head , defeat . reverend mother just lower she eye and begin to pray . priest and what do you seek ? cathleen again pause . stare at the ground , so lose in think , consume in emotion , try to figure it all out . she look up again , try to answer the question . sister cathleen what do I seek ?.... what do I seek ?... I seek ... she then suddenly stop , just stare straight at the ground , paralyze , the entire room leave in silence . Long beat . enduring silence . sister cathleen ( cont 'd ) what do I seek ?... what do I seek ? Long beat . enduring silence . the Priest stare at she so confuse . sister cathleen ( cont 'd ) I seek ... I seek ... everybody continue to just wait , the whole room hold on a pin . cathleen then finally look up again , stare at the Priest as he stare right back at she . 109 . before a strange new aura , a new sense of self , of conviction , of peace and understanding gradually awaken in she eye . cathleen smile , she understand it now . hard to black . a long silence be hold in the vacuum , before we hear cathleen 's final whisper . sister cathleen ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I seek something more . the faithful bell then chime once more . at the same time as one last series of text appear on the screen . in the year that follow vatican ii , the Church witness a mass exodus of nun on a scale it have never see before . 90,000 nun renounce they vocation and leave they convent . the end . 110 .