now or never by John kamp int . dr . shemp office -- day alice driscoll sit on the sofa of she psychotherapist 's westwood office . it be a hazy morning . coastal fog obscure a view to the ocean . Alice look away to keep from cry . alice Brian leave I . my wedding be off . Dr. shemp sigh . alice ( continue ) what be that ? dr . shemp what ? alice you sigh . dr . shemp do i? alice you do , clear as day . dr . shemp I suppose I be disappointed . alice you be disappointed . for I or in I ? dr . shemp for you of course . Alice be silent . dr . shemp ( continue ) it 's not unusual for a therapist to develop feeling about a patient especially after see they for a number of year , as I have you . Alice wipe she eye . alice feeling . dr . shemp friendly feeling , fatherly feeling -- it 's part of the process of transference and counter - transference . would you like to tell I what happen ? alice I come home late from work -- int . alice' apartment -- night Alice stare into the white vastness of a refrigerator empty of everything save a few condiment . alice ( v.0 . ) I be hungry . as usual , there be nothing in my fridge . she close the door and walk from she kitchen to she live room . a easel stand by the window . canvase , some finish , some not , clutter the room . Alice pick up a set of key from a table by the door . int . alice' apartment build -- night Alice leave she apartment and walk down the hallway . alice ( v.0 . ) I go to Brian 's to see if he have anything . she stop just a few door down and put she key into the lock . int . brian apartment -- night Alice enter a apartment different from she own only in the decor . she head straight for the kitchen . hanging on the refrigerator be a picture of Alice anda handsome man , brian , take on a ski trip . alice ( v.0 . ) he leave a letter . right where he know I would find it . Alice open the door and look inside . Brian 's fridge be as barren as she own . 3 . a letter hang from the top shelf with Brian 's name sign at the bottom . she take it down and begin to read . int . dr . shemp office -- day Alice 's session with Dr. shemp continue . alice it say he be go to Alaska . that it be something he would always dream of do and could not put it off any longer . dr . shemp have he tell you about this ? Alice shake she head . dr . shemp ( continue ) so that 's it ? he 's go ? Alice shake she head . alice not quite . ext . lax -- night Alice stop she brown volvo in the load zone . she get out of the car and run into the terminal . int . lax -- night Alice scan the " departure " monitor look for a flight to Alaska . she locate one leave for anchorage through gate a26 at 8:30 . she look at the clock . it 's 8:25 . int . lax -- night Alice be at the security checkpoint lead to the gate . a guard be check she manually with he metal detector . she look like she 's about to burst the Guard finish and wave she through . she snare she purse from the conveyor belt and run towards Gate a26 . int . lax airport -- night Alice arrive at the gate to find Brian 's plane in the last stage of load . she push through the crowd , search . Parents be see off child , woman give uniform soldier parting embrace . she spot a man in newly - purchase adventurewear bend over to lift he backpack . brian . he look up and see she . he do not appear completely surprised . brian do you get the letter ? alice Alaska ? have you lose you mind ? we be get marry in four month . Brian withdraw , look towards the gate . alice ( continue ) be not we ? brian I do not know . maybe we should put that on hold . alice on hold ? be we break up ? what 's go on ? at the gate , a flight attendant pick up he microphone . flight attendant last call for flight 018 , service to anchorage . brian I be sorry . this be something I need to do . I have to go . Alice and Brian lock eye . int . dr . shemp office -- day Alice 's session continue . dr . shemp so then he leave -- Alice shake she head slowly . int . lax -- night Brian turn to leave . Alice , without think , reach out and grab hold of one of the strap on he backpack and pull he towards she with surprising strength . alice ( v.0 . ) then it get a little ugly . int . dr . shemp office -- day Alice sit before Dr. shemp , eye cast down . dr . shemp Ugly . alice there be some yell , I be cry and try to stop he from leave -- physically -- it 's a little blurry , but I think a security guard be involved . but , yes . he do get on the plane . int . lax -- night Alice , she face streak with tear , she hair and clothes a mess , sit slump in a chair watch as Brian 's plane taxi away from the gate . a Security Guard observe from a safe distance . he look sorry for she . int . dr . shemp office -- day dr . shemp have Brian ever exhibit impulsive behavior in the past ? alice no . dr . shemp any history of mental illness ? Alice shake she head . dr . shemp ( continue ) what about he family ? alice not that I be aware of . dr . shemp this be not normal conduct . there must have be warning sign . alice Brian be everything I ever tell you he be -- patient , successful , kind , thoughtful , handsome -- be this the sign of latent psychosis ? silence . Dr. shemp glance at a clock on the wall behind she . dr . shemp I be afraid we time be up . Alice take she checkbook out of she purse and fill out a check . finish , she hand it to he . dr . shemp ( continue ) perhaps over the come week you should give some think as to why you attract this kind of man . ext . lacma -- day Alice 's car be park beside a dumpster behind the museum . she approach the service entrance with a heavy bag sling over she shoulder . int . lacma ( children' studio ) -- day the studio be chaotic , pack with little kid play with lego , finger paint , cut shape out of construction paper . they be loosely supervise by kathie and brandie , two intern who be well - keep and ill-meaning . Alice notice that a four- year - old boy be systematically empty cup of glue onto the table top . kathie and brandie stand gossiping , completely oblivious . Alice hurry up and take a cup of glue from the kid 's hand . alice ( to the intern ) do not you notice what be happen here ? kathie and brandie look at the mess on the table . kathie oops . guess not . alice clean this up , okay ? Alice walk off . kathie whisper to brandie loud enough for Alice to hear . kathie I do not realize there be a glue shortage . as Alice make she way across the studio , she be intercept by judy , she paranoid middle - age boss . judy about you request for a door to you office . I be afraid we be go to have to say no . alice do you look at it ? the frame be already in place . all you need be the door . judy we do not have any door . alice what if I pay for it myself ? it 's so noisy in here it 's hard to get anything do . judy I do not want to get into this but we have code . alice Fire code ? judy among other , yes . Judy zip off . Alice sigh and head for she office , a small cubicle at the corner of the studio . in the office : a wealthy woman stand over Alice 's desk change she overf child , who , at the moment , be naked and wiggling . alice what be you do ? rich woman Hunter have a accident . the wealthy woman dump a full and dirty diaper into Alice 's waste basket . rich woman ( continue ) you do not mind , do you ? alice yes , I mind . this be my office . rich woman how be I suppose to know ? alice turkey ( conduct a brief tour ) desk , file cabinet , telephone , office . the Rich woman stuff she child into a clean diaper . rich woman there 's no door . alice what ? the woman pick up she child , prepare to leave . rich woman Offices have door . int . alice' apartment -- night Alice be eat ice cream in front of the television . she set the bowl down on the coffee table . 9 . her cat jump up and lick up the rest . she reach out and scratch behind he ear . alice hello , Mr. fabulous . int . alice' apartment -- late Alice wake up , have fall asleep with the television on . she shut it off and sit up put she head in she hand . int . brian apartment -- night Alice enter Brian 's dark and empty apartment brian bedroom : Alice crawl into Brian 's bed and bury she face in he pillow . int . lacma -- day it 's the end of the day . Alice usher the last few straggler out the door . she pull down a aluminum gate and lock it . kathie and brandie be chat as they clean up . kathie -- there I be sit on a throne on the bank of the Nile . brandie what be you wear ? kathie a long gold dress with slit up both side . brandie like the donna karan we see at the beverly Center ? kathie exactly . I have a killer retro tan and bracelet wind up both arm like snake . Alice walk by . 10 . alice what be this ? brandie kathie see a past-life medium . Alice pause to listen . kathie anyway , there be this soldier they be wear this little leather skirt -- brandie make a face . kathie ( continue ) they make it work . so they drag up this slave or husband or something and without think I say , " off with he head ! " brandie I have get to try this . Alice move towards she office , keep one ear on kathie . brandie ( continue ) what 's the woman 's name ? kathie varya . int . dr . shemp office -- day Alice be in another session . Dr. shemp observe . his expression be impenetrable . alice it 's not fair , I miss he , and I do not even get to be mad at he because he 's not here . dr . shemp perhaps we should explore where this anger be come from . alice I think it 's a natural reaction . 11 . dr . shemp we be not talk about what 's natural , we be talk about you . alice I think I be get marry and now I be not . this hurt I . because I be hurt I want to lash out . dr . shemp perhaps you be really angry with you father . Alice elect to ignore this interpretation . alice I realize last night that the world be primarily unfair . I know it sound obvious , look at the holocaust for God 's sake . it 's not a logical think , more the sudden realization that I have live my life believe that thing come around , that good thing happen to good people , that life afford we compensation equal to we suffer . but it 's all delusional bullshit , be not it ? do you believe in past life ? dr . shemp what do you mean ? in the sense of a jungian collective consciousness ? alice no , in the I be the third wife of Henry the eighth sense . dr . shemp I be more from the object relation school -- winnicott , fairbairn , good breast , bad breast -- alice there 's a good breast and a bad breast ? dr . shemp accord to Melanie klein , yes . Alice look at she own breast in turn . 12 . alice I have no idea . int . alice' apartment -- night Alice be watch television in sweat . Mr. fabulous be on she chest , purring . a half - empty bowl of popcorn sit on the coffee table next to a half - empty bottle of wine . on the t.v. : they be show the " wizard of Oz . " dorothy ( to toto ) there 's no place like home . Alice reach for the remote and shut off the set . alice turkey ( to dorothy ) speak for yourself . Alice carry the popcorn bowl to the kitchen . the place be amess . she dump the bowl in the sink . she spot the yellow page , think , and pull it from the shelf . she plop herself down at the table and look up a list . she find it under " V " in a very small box . the ad read : varya past life medium " escape to yourself " Alice read off the number and reach for the phone . she stop herself just as she 's about to dial . alice turkey ( to herself ) come on , Alice , get a grip . int . alice' apartment -- night Alice lie in bed , toss and turn , unable to sleep . glancing at she alarm clock , she see that it 's two in the morning . 13 . she rise from bed , take she clock with she . she gather up Mr. fabulous and leave the room . int . brian apartment -- night Alice lie sleep in Brian 's bed with Mr. fabulous curl up on top of she . hear footstep approach , Mr fabulous wake and look around . a key scratch in the doorway . Alice half wake . alice Brian ? Alice sit up , come to she sense . it can not be Brian . she hear the sound of someone enter the apartment . alice ( continue ) oh my God . Alice get herself out of bed and to the door . she open it a tiny crack and look through . in the live room : what appear to be a intruder enter the apartment . he 's wear coverall and be carry a cardboard box . something in a soft case be hang from he back . his hair be shaggy and unkempt but it 's too dark to make out he face . brian bedroom : Alice back away from the door , terrify . she pick up the phone beside the bed but there be no dial tone , it 's be disconnect . there be a lot of thumping around outside . Alice be beginning to panic . she hear footstep come towards she . Alice slip into the closet and shut the door . inside the closet : Alice can hear that the intruder have enter the room . she grope around for something to defend herself with and find a old fraternity paddle . the intruder try to pull open the closet door . Alice slam it shut from inside . there be a pause . 14 . intruder ( 0.s. ) hello ? Alice say nothing . intruder ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) be this Brian doon 's apartment ? alice it 's doan . Brian doan. who be you ? kevin I be Kevin . alice Kevin who ? kevin just Kevin , I be he sublet Alice peek out the door . kevin stand before she , hold Mr. fabulous who seem quite comfortable . kevin ( continue ) do you live here ? alice no . I -- she put down the paddle . alice ( continue ) I guess I do not need this . kevin be this you cat ? Alice nod . kevin ( continue ) Nice cat . be you a homeless person ? I could come back . alice no , I live here , in the building , I be sorry -- she take Mr. fabulous from he . 15 . alice ( continue ) I will get out of you way . and she be go . Kevin go to he box and open it . it be full of grocery . he find a banana , peel and eat it . he take a carton of milk and carry it to the fridge . he look at the picture of Alice and Brian on the door . in the bedroom : banana in hand , Kevin wander into Brian 's bedroom and flip on the light . the imprint of Alice 's body be still clearly visible on the right side of the unmade bed . int . alice' apartment -- day Sunday morning . Alice stand before a blank canvas wait for inspiration . she dip she brush into a blob of yellow ochre but be wrack with indecision and cannot apply it . she put down she brush and soak a wad of newspaper with paint thin . the solvent highlight a classified ad for varya , the past life medium . the ad be identical to the one she see in the yellow page . ext . house of varya -- day refer to a address write on a scrap of paper , Alice walk up to the door of a normal - look house somewhere in Los feliz . she reach out and knock hesitantly . a voice ( with a faint Eastern european accent ) , call out from inside . varya ( 0.s. ) yes ? who be it ? 16 . alice it 's Alice driscoll , I have a appointment for noon . the door buzy . Alice push it open and walk inside . int . house of varya -- day wind chime move gently in the breeze from the skylight above . the wall be cover with abstract painting . Alice pause to look at one of they . varya enter from the live room , drying she hand on a dishcloth . she be a handsome woman in she early forty and be dress casually . varya hello , I be varya . they shake hand . alice Nice to meet you . ( of the painting ) do you do this ? varya ( of the painting ) it be my brother 's . I be not a artist , I have little interest in suffer . but you , I see , area painter . alice how do you know ? varya point to Alice 's hand which be lightly stain with paint . varya you be a little early , come -- varya lead she down the hallway . int . varya' kitchen -- day varya and Alice be sit at the kitchen table eat grill cheese . 17 . varya it would be better if there be tomato soup . alice this be great , I be not expect lunch . varya take the last bite of she sandwich and wipe she hand on a napkin . varya so. tell I why you be here . alice someone at work be talk about you . I see you ad . I usually do not go for this sort of thing . varya but you be in a time of stress . alice yes . varya and you be curious . alice I be curious . varya we eye illuminate only a dim path before we and we memory distort what we leave behind . a dark curtain obscure everything else . I imagine that there be people in the world who never wonder what be behind the curtain . I find this very strange . varya take they plate to the sink and rinse they under the tap . varya ( continue ) have you ever have the feel you have live other life ? alice I have always hope there be something more than this . 18 . varya fill a silver bowl with about a inch of water . varya you be raise a Christian ? alice Catholic , yes . varya but you no longer practice . varya return to she seat and place the silver bowl between they . alice I have not be in a church since I be ten . Alice watch as varya wet she index finger in the bowl . she hold it above the surface of the water . varya leave a emptiness you try to fill with you art . innocent blood , the beauty of martyrdom -- alice -- peace on earth and sexless union . Alice watch a drop of water fall from varya 's finger into the bowl . the wave ripple and return in slow motion . varya do you feel comfortable leave here now ? alice yes . varya shall we go back ? Alice be transfix by the water . alice we shall . varya if you find yourself somewhere you do not like , simply say the word " help " and we will go to another place . do you understand ? 19 . Alice nod . she watch as another drop fall from varya 's finger . Alice hear the sound of howling wind . the water in the bowl darken , eddyy , and close in , fill she entire frame of vision . Alice retreat into she trance . varya ( continue ) tell I where we be . ext . river neva -- day the water run between the bank of the river neva in St. Petersburg . a ebony troika be pull briskly along the riverbank by two spirite white stallion . sitting in the troika be a beautiful woman , wrap in gray sable , a member of the Russian aristocracy circa 1850 . alice ( 0.s. ) I think it 's Russia , yes , in the time of the czar . the woman and she troika and she magnificent horse gallop past , revealing a awful sight . twenty peasant be bound by long rope to a barge of coal and be be use as human oxen to pull it up river . at the head of the line be two massive , toothless peasant women whose back have nearly be break by hard labor . the second one in line speak to the first . babushka 2 ( russian subtitles ) pull harder , Alice , the day be short and we husband be drunkard . the first peasant stop in she track . babushka 1 ( russian subtitles ) do you say my name be Alice ? alice ( 0.s. ) help. 20 . in the sky : Dark , heavy cloud give way to a deep blue sky and roll green hill . varya ( 0.s. ) where be we now ? a lovely white house be nestle in a wood bower . a new model T Ford be park in the garage . a very handsome man wear work clothes circa 1920 search the yard . he look distress . handsome man Alice ! Alice ! where do you go ? ( look around ) Alice !! the handsome man go inside the barn for a look behind the barn : the handsome man can be hear call out from inside . handsome man ( v.0 . ) Alice ! chicken , geese , and duck scatter at the sound of he voice . the handsome man come out the rear door of the barn , see only from the waist down . he stop . handsome man there you be . a large turkey stand freeze in fear , stare at the handsome man , who be reveal to be hold a well - sharpen ax . handsome man ( continue ) happy Thanksgiving , Alice . alice turkey help . int . house of varya -- day varya be at the stove pour two cup of tea . she shake she head . varya this be very unusual . 21 . varya set the tea down at the table and resume she seat . alice I do not know why I think my past life would be any better than this one . varya could we try once more ? ext . country road -- day a 1960 Ford pickup amble down a dusty road in the deep South . it pass by a roadside diner call jumbo be and keep go . a woman sit on the front step , smoking a cigarette . she wear check pants , a cook 's shirt , and have a short apron tie around she waist . her hair be fall out of the bobby pin that have be haphazardly stab here and there . anne carver be the spitting image of the Alice of today . alice ( 0.s. ) it look like I be a cook ina diner . somewhere in the deep South . varya ( 0.s. ) would you like to go somewhere else ? she look up . Three long black cadillac be come towards she at a pretty good clip . alice ( 0.s. ) wait . approach the diner , the cadillac slow and turn into the parking lot . alice ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) let 's see what happen . Anne crush she cigarette under she heel and head back into the diner . 22. int . jumbo' -- day a small , clean place with six table and six booth . it be mid-afternoon and completely empty . a waitress name doris sit in the corner booth over a magazine and a cup of coffee . she hear the jingle of a bell over the door and look towards it . four man swagger in . they hair be lift and slicked back they wear black jumpsuit with the collar turn up and they pant leg be tuck into they boot . wrap -around sunglass shield they eye . they be know as the memphis mafia . two more men follow closely behind . the first have a fat , jowly face and a cigar cramme into the corner of he mouth . this be colonel tom parker . he use a cane purely as affectation . the second be a modest Young man in a tweed sport coat and black tie . doris 's jaw drop as she recognize he . doris be it -- be you -- he ? elvis yes , mar 'am , I be elvis presley . elvis sit with the other . doris approach and take out she pen and order pad but she hand be shaking and the pad fall to the floor near elvis 's foot . elvis pick it up and hand it to she . elvis ( continue ) I think you will be need this . int . jumbo' -- late doris approach the line , behind which Anne and junior nervously await . she tear a chit from she order pad and put it beneath the spring on the order wheel , then she do it a second time , and a third , and a fourth , and to Anne 's astonishment a fifth before spin the wheel towards they . 23 . doris order in . int . jumbo' kitchen -- late Anne and junior move through the kitchen prepare the King 's order . doris sit off to the side on a milk crate . doris who would have think a man could be that pretty and still be such a man ? she look into a small pocket mirror and apply red lipstick . doris ( continue ) my heart skid to a stop when he smile at I . junior look at the order . he reach into a drawer , count off three hamburger patty , and slap they on the grill where bacon sizzle near a neatly cornere pile of hash brown . Anne slide open a refrigerate drawer beneath the cut board and remove a cover pan . turn back to the stove she fire the burner under a second skillet and pour in some oil . anne which order be he ? doris the five bacon and mustard sandwich . junior flip four slice of white bread into a four slice toaster . move down the line , he stir up a bowl of hush puppy batter and dollop silver dollar size portion into the heat skillet . doris ( continue ) do you think he would take offense if I ask for he autograph ? jumbo definitely not . elvis isa generous man . 24 . Anne shake a layer of cornmeal directly onto the cut board and smooth it evenly with the palm of she hand . anne what do you know about elvis ? she reach into the pan and fish out two catfish fillet which have be marinate in mustard , cream , and various spice . she hold the fillet above the pan , allow the marinade to run off . jumbo I pick up a newspaper now and again . ( to doris ) get one for I too , would ya ? anne he be not gonna be in sucha generous mood if you burn that hush puppy . jumbo shake the pan and start turn they with a fork . anne ( continue ) what be you go to have he sign ? Anne roll the catfish fillet in the cornmeal and lower they carefully into the skillet doris I do not know , I have not give it any think . the diner : the Memphis mafia be horsing around ; do the spot trick balance unscrew the cap to the salt and pepper shaker try to keep elvis entertained . doris approach , balance all six of they plate . she set down elvis 's first , then Colonel parker 's , then the other . joe , the mafia 's ring leader , take doris aside and whisper something naughty in she ear . 25 . kitchen : Anne peek out from behind the line . elvis catch she look at he . she quickly turn away , pretend to be busy . booth : elvis look over he sandwich . he remove the top slice of toast bread and reach for the salt shaker . kitchen : Anne be watch again . she cringe . elvis be about to dump the salt when he change he mind and set the shaker down . anne ( to herself ) good boy . booth : elvis reassemble he sandwich . he raise it to he mouth and take a bite . chew slowly , he find himself transport into a state of complete bliss . the Colonel notice and look at he funny . colonel parker what be it , boy ? you all right ? elvis this be the best damn sandwich I ever have . int . jumbo' -- day the Memphis mafia leave the restaurant . elvis be already go . Colonel parker wait behind in the booth , chomping on he cigar . Anne approach from the kitchen . anne you ask to see I ? parker offer the seat across from he . Anne take it . 26 . colonel parker elvis have be look for someone who can come to Los Angeles and cook so as he do not get homesick while he 's work there . be you marry ? anne no , sir . colonel parker kid ? Anne shake she head . colonel parker ( continue ) bad habit ? anne I like to sleep in on Sunday . colonel parker be you a fan ? anne I do not understand . colonel parker a fan , a elvis presley fan ? anne I have hear Mr. presley on the radio , but I must confess , he music do not move I . int . jumbos -- day junior be ringing out the register . Anne sit on a booth before it . outside , one of the cadillac pull away . the other one stay behind . jumbo I would be hard press to name one good reason for you to stay here . anne there 's you . doris hop out of the back seat of the second limo and run to the door as it pull away . 27 . jumbo you think I will starve to death ? go doris burst into the room . anne do he do it ? doris take she underpant from she pocket and hold they out . " elvis presley " have be sign across the butt in big broad stroke . anne he make you take they off ? doris that be my idea . int . house of varya -- day Alice have awoken from she trance in a big way . she sit across from varya with she eye open wide . alice you have to send I back ! varya I be afraid you time be up . int . dr . shemp office -- day Alice be in she session . Dr. shemp look uncharacteristically nervous . dr . shemp you do not really think you be a short order cook in a past life , do you ? alice it be fun , it seem real enough at the time . dr . shemp Freud say , " to live without a dream be impossible , but to live within a dream be insanity . " alice you think I should stop see she . 28 . dr . shemp I do not tell you what you can and cannot do , that would be directive . alice turkey ( to herself ) why elvis ? I have never really be that much of a fan . dr . shemp it 's natural to go through a state of denial . you have lose you fiancee . on the list of major stressor , it rank closely with the death of a love one . alice which be sandwich right between move and lose you pet . dr . shemp there be healthier way to deal with stress . you could go for a walk , or try diaphragmatic breathe . Alice look at he . alice you be right , I be act like a insane person . I will call and cancel as soon as I get home . int . brian apartment -- day Kevin sit in the window box with he guitar on he lap and a piece of peanut butter toast in he mouth . he strum a few awkward chord and hum something before chew he bite . he put down the toast and look out the window . in the STREET : Alice leave the building , hold a small paper sack . Kevin watch she unchain she bike and pedal off . int . house of varya -- day varya open the door to find Alice stand there , hold she paper sack . 29 . alice I bring this . she fish out a can of Campbell 's tomato Soup . int . los angele INTERNATIONAL airport ( 1965 ) -- day carry she suitcase in she hand , Anne step from the walkway into the main terminal of lax , and into the large group of people she 's ever see gather in one place . she set down she suitcase and open she purse . she search anxiously until she find a well - thumbed piece of paper with instruction write on it ext . los angele INTERNATIONAL airport ( 1965 ) -- day Anne step into a taxi cab and hand the piece of paper to the driver . he glance at it briefly and pull away from the curb . ext . elvis' bel AIR mansion -- day a throng of groupies have gather at the scroll iron gate outside elvis 's home away from home , hope to catch a glimpse of the King . Anne 's taxi pull into the drive . a security guard take a look at she identification , check she name off a list , and show she through . the groupy look on enviously as she pass . anne's taxi : Anne roll down she window as elvis 's mansion come into view . the lawn be perfectly manicure , the brick be wash white , a tacky fountain spray water into the air . beep ! beep ! a soupe - up golf cart drive by a Memphis mafia member shoot across the drive , force the cab driver to make a abrupt stop . Three other cart follow right behind , one of they be drive by elvis , though they be move so fast it 's hard to tell . ext . elvis' bel AIR mansion -- day the taxi pull away and Anne carry she small suitcase to the front door . she set it down and ring the bell . 30 . maggie , a middle - age housekeeper , answer . anne hello , my name 's Anne . I be the new cook . maggie maggie . thank God you be here . maggie relieve Anne of she suitcase . maggie ( continue ) let I show you you room . inside the mansion : as maggie lead the way up a curving staircase , Anne can not help but gape at the crystal chandelier , the opulent painting and statuary , the marble floor , and the impossibly high ceiling . int . anne's room -- day Anne be alone in a pretty little room which have a view onto the drive . her suitcase be open and she be unpack . hear the roar of engine , she go to the window and look out . in the drive : elvis and the mafia be fire up they motorcycle . elvis have a harley davidson , the other ride triumph . Anne watch as they pull out in wing formation with elvis lead the way . anne's room : something startles Anne as she turn back to she suitcase . Colonel parker be stand in the doorway , watch she colonel parker I do not mean to frighten you . anne with all the noise , I do not hear you come , Colonel parker . 31 . colonel parker no need to be so formal . you can call I Colonel Tom . do you have everything you need ? anne it 's beautiful , thank you . colonel parker a few rule before you start . you be here to cook , that 's all . elvis be a busy man , he do not need any friend and he do not need any advice . any private life happen outside that gate . you be here because elvis want you here , but you be employ by I . if there be any problem you come to I first and last , understand ? anne yes , sir . Colonel parker turn to leave and pause at the door . colonel parker Supper 's at six . int . bel AIR kitchen -- day Anne be hard at work in elvis 's modern ( c. 1965 ) kitchen . she slip into hot pad , open the oven door , and slide out two perfect sweet potato pie . she sniff they as she set they out to cool . removing she oven mitt , she reach for a pastry brush and a stainless steel bowl . patio : rack and rack of rib cook slowly over white hot coal . Anne give they each a generous coat of bbq sauce . kitchen : Anne take a damp towel from four loaf of freshly - rise bread . she adjust the oven temperature and slide they inside . she fill a glass of water at the tap and toss it into the bottom of the oven , fill it with steam to brown the crust . 32 . move to the fridge , she open it and take out four egg . she crack they into a copper bowl and whisk they until they be frothy . on a cover platter be section piece of fry chicken . she dip the chicken into the beat egg and dredge they in spice flour . she do this with four other piece and lay they into a shallow pan of hot oil . int . bel AIR dine room -- night elvis , Col. parker , and the Memphis mafia be seat around the table . what be leave of Anne 's magnificent meal be spread out before they . red so I find this one girl , she 's willing , she 's pretty , but she 's too damn tall . so she introduce I to she friend , just as good - look , maybe even better , but she could not have even make five foot I tell they this be not go to work out , that elvis like a girl of average height . and the tall one say , how about we both go , it will even out . laughter from the mafia . Colonel Tom smirk and light a cigar . elvis do not even notice . he reach for another piece of chicken and take a bite . he shake he head , unable to believe how good it be . maggie enter to clear the table . she reach for elvis 's plate and he stop she hand . elvis I be just beginning to hit my stride . int . bel AIR kitchen -- night Anne be put whipped cream on the sweet potato pie . a tray of homemade peanut butter cookie be beside it , along with a icebox cake . 33 . maggie enter carry a armful of dirty plate . she unload they at the sink . maggie I have always know that boy be pig , but I have never see they eat like this before . Anne be pleased . maggie ( continue ) elvis would like you to come out and say hello when you have get a minute . Anne freeze . she ditch she apron and start work on she hair . int . bel AIR dine room -- night everyone sit around the table , smoking , drink , and yukking it up . elvis be dip cookie in milk . Anne enter through the swinging door . Jimmy look up . jimmy how would you get in here ? Anne point to the door . anne through there , through the kitchen I -- colonel parker relax , boy , she 's the new cook . jimmy I think you be a fan . alice no , sir , I be a pay employee . joe you do not look like no cook . anne and what be that suppose to mean ? joe cook be big , fat , old and greasy . anne just because I cook like you momma , do not mean I gotta look like she . you could hear a pin drop . anne ( to herself ) I can not believe I say that . low laughter be hear . it 's come from elvis . the other join in as if on cue . the only one who remain unamuse be Colonel parker . elvis I think Joe be try to give you a compliment . anne grow up in a diner give you a sharp tongue . red ( to Joe ) she 's right , though , you mother be a ugly woman . joe watch it , Red . I will not take that from you . elvis ( to Anne ) anyone who make food this good be entitle to say what they want . what 's you name , darlin ' ? anne Anne . elvis offer he hand and they shake . elvis Nice to meet you , Anne , I be elvis presley . 35 . ext . bel AIR mansion ( poolside ) -- day elvis sit poolside on a chaise lounge . he be wear sunglass and swim trunk and be read a screenplay . a small electric fan be point right at he . Anne exit the house carry a tray with a pepsi , a pitcher of crush ice , and some pepto bismol . she cross the yard and set the tray down on a glass - top table beside he . elvis thank you , darlin' . anne ( of the pepto ) you be not feel well ? elvis I always get a little sick to my stomach when I be learn my line . anne be it nerve ? elvis no , it 's the line . he put the script aside . elvis ( continue ) have you hear of a band call the Beatles ? Anne nod . elvis ( continue ) they be come by this afternoon , I do not know if they be gonna be hungry or not . anne I will have something ready . elvis the food 's not too good in England , so be careful . you do not want to give ~em culture shock or anything . anne I will be careful . 36 . elvis I be not sure I ever meet a woman more difficult to impress . you be not a elvis presley fan , I tell you the Beatles be stop by and you look like it 's just another day . what do a man have to do ? anne there 's no need to impress I . Anne turn to leave and turn back . anne ( continue ) but do warn I if Sinatra ever plan to stop by . I might want to change my dress . int . anne's room -- day Anne lie on she bed , leaf through a magazine . she hear a car pull into the drive . she go to the window and peek through the curtain . in the drive : the fab four climb out of a black limousine . they take in they surroundings greedily , as excited as little kid . elvis greet they and show they inside . int . bel AIR mansion -- day Anne walk down the corridor into the bathroom . she be surprised to find maggie there , sit on the floor . maggie put she finger to she lip and motion Anne towards she . Anne comply , kneel beside she . maggie direct she ear to a vent , through which they can hear voice come from the room below . elvis and the Beatles be jam , they sing " lawdy miss clawdy . " Anne and maggie listen with they ear glue to the vent . 37 . int . bel AIR kitchen -- day Anne be sit at the kitchen table , work on a menu plan . maggie be at the sink , do the dish from breakfast . elvis enter look rag in a white terry cloth robe . Anne get up immediately . anne Morning . can I get you something ? elvis no thanks . he open the fridge , take out a bottle of whole milk , and drink down about half of it . elvis ( continue ) could you bring lunch by the set today ? anne of course . anything in particular ? elvis what be it I have at the diner that first time ? anne the five bacon and mustard sandwich ? elvis yeah , bring I four or five of that . he read she surprise . elvis ( continue ) the input 's gotta match the output . ext . bel AIR mansion -- day Anne sit on the front step of the mansion next to a wicker basket cover with a red check cloth . Red pull up in he cadillac . he hop out and open the back door for she . she set the basket on the seat . 38 . anne could I sit in front ? TI get carsick . int . red' cadillac -- day Red drive down melrose Avenue on he way to paramount studios . Anne sit beside he , take in the sight . Red fish a package of tareyton 's out of he shirt pocket . red you mind ? anne not unless you mind share . Red shake out two cigarettes and give one to Anne . he flip open a Zippo and light it for she . red ever be on a movie set before ? anne no . it must be exciting . red sorry to burst you bubble . E say if you have any taste for movie or sausage you should not watch either be make . anne that 's clever . red see ? it 's so damn boring it 's turn elvis into a philosopher Anne spot a sign . anne vine Street ! where 's Hollywood boulevard ? Red point to the leave . red up that way five street or so . I will take you by on the way back if you would like . 39 . anne that would be nice . red elvis really like you . you probably know that all ready . anne elvis like my cooking . red he do not send I to just pick up the food . Anne take a drag off she cigarette . he laugh . red ( continue ) elvis have always have the high regard for people who take pride in what they do . anne what be it you do exactly ? red I be a catch - fart . elvis fart , I catch it . no , I watch after the money . anne be not that the Colonel 's job ? red the Colonel 's get he own money to worry about . ext . melrose avenue -- day Red 's cadillac take a leave turn into paramount studios . he signal to the Security Guard who wave he through . ext . soundstage a -- day Red and Anne stand outside a soundstage on the paramount lot wait for the red light to go off . Anne watch extras parade past in costume , stage hand move large backdrop , long car pass by with tinted window . 40 . the light go off and Red lead Anne inside . int . soundstage a -- day Anne sit in a director 's chair watch a take . on set : elvis stand amongst pot palm tree against a paint backdrop of the view from a South Sea Island . he be wear a sailor 's suit and hat and be strumm a stringless guitar to playback . buxom starlet dance in bikinis surround he . the song come to a end . the director step out from the wing . director cut ! that be great , elvis , let 's break for lunch . from the look on elvis 's face , he do not seem to think it be so great . int . elvis' trailer -- day elvis sit at the small table in he trailer eat he five bacon and mustard sandwich . Anne sit nearby , not know what to say . anne would you rather be alone ? elvis you would better stay in here where it 's safe . this town 's crawl with wolf . anne so what do that make you ? elvis I ? I be just a nice boy from tupelo , Mississippi . ( take a bite ) least that 's what it say in the papers . anne what 's this movie about ? 41 . elvis I play a kid from the wrong side of the track who sing he way into everyone 's heart . same story , different location . anne do not you like movie ? elvis I love movie , just not mine . someday I would like to see elvis doa picture with no song . anne why do not you ? elvis no one think he can act . anne you be the one that matter . you be he , after all . elvis no , elvis be a nice boy from tupelo , Mississippi . anne who sing he way into people 's heart . a production Assistant knock on elvis 's trailer . assistant director ( 0.s. ) they want you on set , Mr. presley . elvis thanks for lunch . elvis take a last bite of he sandwich and rise to he he stop at the door and take a deep breath , try to summon some enthusiasm . elvis ( continue ) t.c.b. , takin ' care of business . 42 . int . anne's room -- night Anne be asleep in she room at the bel Air mansion . faint music and laughter can be hear come from far off . the telephone beside she bed ring , startling she awake . anne ( into phone ) hello ? wait , I will get a pen . she find a pen and a pad of paper in the night stand . anne ( into phone ) okay , go ahead . ten cheeseburger six chocolate milk shake , one strawberry , okay -- ( listen ) what 's a butter sandwich ? int . corridor outside elvis' room -- night Anne wheel a room service push - cart up to elvis 's door . Joe answer . he be sweaty , drunk , and he shirt be open to the waist . joe Anne , you be a peach . you can leave that right here . through a crack in the door , Anne catch a glimpse of elvis stand on the bed . he 's wear a gi tie together with a black belt and be work through a theatrical karate routine . four ador young women sit at he foot , drink champagne from a bottle . Joe wheel the cart inside and close the door varya ( 0.s . ) Alice -- int . house of varya -- day Alice sit with she eye open , stare into space . varya snap she finger in front of she . 43 . varya Alice , wake up ! Alice come out of it , albeit reluctantly . varya ( continue ) you time be up . alice oh. already . she go to she purse . alice ( continue ) strangest sensation . it 's like know yourself as a child . varya would you like another appointment ? alice do you have anything tomorrow ? int . alice' apartment -- day Alice lie on the sofa eat potato chip watch " Wild in the country . " on screen : elvis be drive a truck , fiddling with the radio . the lovely Tuesday weld sit beside he . miss weld be frustrated by this action , she want to talk . elvis continue to play with the radio . arrive at a song he like he turn up the volume . elvis ( to miss weld ) you be go to hear music whether you like it or not -- and he break into song . int . alice' apartment -- late Alice be still watch " Wild in the country . " Mr. fabulous hop up onto she chest for some attention , which he get . 44 . on screen : elvis and he therapist , play by the talented and somewhat older hope Lange , be catch in a torrential downpour . they take shelter in a hotel . elvis try for intimacy . hope Lange hold he off . she return to she room , elvis follow . elvis ( to hope Lange ) I be in love with you . they embrace with something more like tenderness than passion . the scene be really something . a telephone ring . alice' apartment : it 's Alice 's phone . she sit up and hit " pause . " she stare for a while at the image on she television and let the machine answer for she . alice' mother ( on machine ) Alice ? it 's you mother . pick up the phone , sweetheart . int . gelson be -- night alice' mother push a cart through the meat section of the upscale market . Alice tag along reluctantly in sweat and sneaker . alice why be you do this ? alice' mother because I know you will not eat if I do not . Alice 's mother take something heavy from the case and drop it into the cart . Alice fish it out and hold it up . it be a four-pound roast . alice what 's this ? alice' mother it 's a veal roast . 45 . alice I will never eat it . alice' mother what you do not eat you can use for sandwich . alice I do not eat veal , it 's disgusting . they live they whole life in this little pen unable to move be force feed hormone - lace protein . alice' mother a short unhappy life be better than no life at all . Alice give she a look . alice' mother ( sigh ) all right , put it back . Alice do . her mother immediately replace the roast with a five - pound package of hamburger . int . gelson be -- late Alice and she mother be third in a line of four at the checkout counter . alice' mother have you make up with Brian yet ? alice " make up " ? Mom , we can not make up , Brian be in Alaska . alice' mother they do not have phone in Alaska ? alice he 's go . he do not leave a number . it 's over . alice' mother oh , baloney sausage . alice he sublet he apartment . 46 . alice' mother really ? alice really . alice' mother if you only know the half of what you father and I go through you would think this be nothing . alice here we go . Alice 's mother take a deep breath and Alice clamp she hand over she ear . alice 's mother alice after he vasectomy , you dad I be not listen -- blah go completely berserk . he blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , buy a yellow sport car blah , blah , blah , I can not and the whole catalogue of hear you -- blah , blah , blah , herb alpert and the Tijuana blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , brass . it seem to be the blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , soundtrack of the mid-life blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , crisis . then he start blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , chase Mrs. polynsky around -_ blah , blah ! Alice 's mother give up . alice' mother I just do not want you to have unrealistic expectation of what marriage be like . alice there be no expectation , there be no child , there be no marriage ! ext . alice' apartment build -- night Alice 's mother be inside she car . Alice stand beside it , with two bag of grocery at she foot alice' mother you know all I want be for you to be happy . 47 . alice I know . Alice lean in and give she a kiss . alice' mother good night , sweetheart . Alice 's mother look to the building . alice' mother ( continue ) watch out for the bum on you way in . Alice turn . Kevin sit on the sidewalk beside the front door and be sound asleep . Alice 's mother drive off . Alice pick up she grocery and go to Kevin . she shake he lightly , try to rouse he . it do not work . she push harder and he finally stir . alice Kevin ? he look at she . kevin I lock myself out . alice I see that . come on , I will let you in . int . brian apartment -- night Alice unlock Brian 's door and open it for Kevin . he step inside . kevin I have coffee . Alice do not know how to respond . kevin ( continue ) I could make you some . 48. int . brian apartment -- night Alice sit alone in Brian 's live room . Kevin enter carry two , too - full cup of coffee . he sloshes some on the floor as he cross the room . he hand a cup to Alice . she give a nod of thanks . Kevin sit opposite . he watch she sip she coffee like a little bird . there be a long silence . very long . kevin I be not usually this gregarious . alice no ? kevin I be on a new medication . the first two week be the honeymoon period . Alice smile and look at he for the first time . kevin ( continue ) what do you do ? alice I be a program director at the child 's museum . kevin I do not know what that mean . alice I be a art waitress . if a parent decide they kid need culture , they bring they in and I serve it up . Alice look around , take stock of familiar object . she notice Kevin watch she . alice ( continue ) how much do you know about I and Brian ? kevin pretty much everything . I have read you letter . 49 . Alice look startle . kevin ( continue ) I make some change . I think they be pretty good now . I come up more often than I use to . realizing he 's kid , Alice open she hand and look at she key . she begin to remove Brian 's from she ring . alice I mean to give this to you before . kevin could you keep it ? then I will know for sure where it be . int . dr . shemp office -- day Alice be in she session . her hair be back and she be wear a pretty dress and shoe with heel . dr . shemp so instead of " perfect Brian " live down the hall , you now have " defective Kevin . " he 's unemployed , delusional , and vaguely suicidal . alice he 's in the right apartment . I might as well date he . dr . shemp you be not seriously think of have a relationship with he ? alice of course not . he 's the last thing I need right now . dr . shemp that be a joke then . alice yes . Dr. shemp force a brief , weird smile . 50 . dr . shemp I would like to tell you that you look pretty today . alice what ? dr . shemp you look very nice today . alice be this the psychologically healthy way to dress ? Flowers signify helplessness , fragile , easily - tear fabric , awkward shoe to hinder any attempt at escape ? the male ideal . I should not be surprised you notice . Dead silence . dr . shemp if you ever decide you need more than one session a week , I could make time . int . house of varya -- day already half in a trance , Alice watch drop of water fall from varya 's finger into the bowl . varya you be think of nothing , you be let everything go . we be take you back -- alice ( as Anne ) ten pound of pig 's foot , please . int . west side butcher shop -- day Anne stand at the meat counter with a long list . the cart beside she be almost full of wrap item . a helpful butcher attend . helpful butcher pig 's foot , mar 'am ? anne that 's right . 51 . helpful butcher do you know you be in a kosher market ? anne ( cover ) of course , I -- helpful butcher you might want to try hansen 's on third . ext . third STREET -- day Anne stand outside a small meat market on third Street with she order wrap in white paper . another helpful Butcher be give she direction . Red get out of he cadillac to lend a hand . ext . 83rd and crenshaw -- day Red wait nervously in he car in a predominantly african- american neighborhood . passersby eye he up like he 's just arrive from another planet . int . crenshaw grocery -- day a clerk be rummage through carton of produce , help Anne select various green . int . elvis' bel AIR kitchen -- day Anne stand at the stove , over a pot of boil water . beside the pot be a large fry pan fill with halve onion saute in butter . each one be turn carefully , revealing the golden brown underside . she extinguish the heat from beneath the onion and uncover two pie tin with the crust already press into the bottom of the pan . she arrange the onion neatly inside the pie crust . turn back to the stove , she pour two inch of cooking oil into another pan and light a high flame beneath it . she slide the top crust to the onion pie from between two flour sheet of wax paper . she place it carefully on top and crimp it around the edge . 52 . with a sharp bone knife she score a rise pattern into the crust . she open the oven and slide the pie inside . she turn she attention to a cut board where a heaping pile of cut and clean okra await . she cover the okra with salt and pepper . she snap open a clean paper bag and pour in a cup and a half of corn meal . she slide the okra into the bag , shake it quickly and pour it into the pan with the hot oil . from the refrigerator come a bucket of wash and clean collard green . Anne scoops they out with both hand and dump they in the pot of boil water . she select a apple from a basket on the counter , rinse it under the sink , and start peel it with a pare knife . maggie enter . she go to the sink to wash she hand . she look to Anne and notice that she have begin to have trouble with the apple . the knife slip and she nearly cut herself . try again she be put off when a tremor , beginning at she shoulder , extend down the length of she leave arm , force she to put down she work . maggie you feel all right , dear ? anne Fine , I do not know what it be . maggie do you need a doctor ? the tremor have subside . anne there , it 's go . it 's nothing . Anne get back to pare . int . bel AIR dine room -- night elvis sit at the end of he long table . the Memphis mafia be in they usual place do they usual thing . everyone have finish eat but elvis . he slide the serve dish of collard green towards he and load up he plate . he salt the green heavily and scoops some into he mouth . 53 . while chew he grab another hunk of corn bread and some butter . he look to a gravy - strewn serve platter and to he disappointment find it empty . elvis notice that Red have a untouched pig 's foot leave on he plate . elvis ( to Red ) you gonna eat that ? Red shake he head . elvis skewer the pig 's foot . the Colonel enter carry a briefcase . he walk up to elvis , look mighty pleased with himself . colonel parker we need to talk a little business . elvis ( mouth full ) I will be there in a minute . ext . bel AIR mansion -- late Colonel parker sit out on the patio behind the kitchen smoking he cigar . he watch through the window as Anne serve up apple pie with scoops of vanilla ice cream . maggie carry the plate into the dining room . Anne go to the back door and stick she head out . anne would you care for pie , Colonel ? colonel parker thank you , I will pass . anne coffee ? colonel parker if you do not mind . ext . bel AIR mansion -- late the Colonel swallow the dregs of he coffee . he sigh and look at he watch . 54 . in the kitchen : Anne be work on clean up the mess from dinner . elvis enter with a toothpick in he mouth . he be all smile and compliment . Anne thanks he modestly and elvis head outside . on the patio : elvis plop himself down next to the Colonel . colonel parker so I be in my office today , mind my own business , and guess who walk in ? elvis shrug . colonel parker ( continue ) abe lastfogel , along with all three of the mirisch brother . elvis do not know em . colonel parker they produce " West side Story , " " the magnificent Seven " -- elvis that be good picture . colonel parker they get a fat distribution deal with United artist . they tell I they be interested in do a elvis picture . they start talk about some book -- elvis what book ? colonel parker I do not remember . elvis do you remember what it be about ? colonel parker shit , you know how I be about book . ( more ) 55 . colonel parker ( continue ) so I let they talk for a while , then I say , I do not care what the picture be . you let we pick the music , pay we each a million dollar , and we will get to the set on time . about two hour later , my phone ring . they tell I they be willing to meet my price . elvis you do not remember the story at all ? colonel parker it be about two guy makin ' a million dollar . have you go deaf ? no one make that kind of money in this town . elvis I do not want to do another cookie cutter picture . colonel parker remember " Wild in the country " ? that film you do that be full of psychology and crap ? goodness be , that be interesting . so damn interesting that no one go to see it . elvis we should n'ta put in the song . colonel parker the record be the only part that make money . people go to you picture to hear you sing . elvis people get tired of the same old thing . colonel parker you be a millionaire thirteen month after you sign on with I . be you try to tell I I do not know my business ? elvis you do not think I can cut it on act alone . 56 . colonel parker everyone want to be something they be not . I would bet my last nickel that Jimmy Dean and marlon brando wish they could sing like you . in the kitchen : Anne glance up from she work . she see elvis sit before the Colonel with he head hang low . int . bel AIR mansion -- night Anne be in she bathrobe , wheeling another midnight snack towards elvis 's room . she reach the door and be about to knock when boom ! a shot ring out . Inside the room , a Young woman scream . Anne turn the other way to get help . she pause , hearing what sound like laughter . Joe and lamar back out of the room , drunk and fit to be tie . they be carry a television with a shattered screen between they . anne be anyone hurt ? lamar I do not think Mr. Robert goulet be feel too well . Joe point to the screen . joe take a slug right between the eye . int . elvis' trailer -- day elvis be in he trailer , eat a sandwich . Anne sit opposite . she hold a script and be help he with he line . anne ( read ) " if they do send you away , Tommy , you will remember I , will not you ? " 57 . elvis take a enormous bite from he sandwich and speak with he mouth full . elvis ( from memory ) " baby , the moment we leave port I be go to dive down deep , rip my heart out of my chest , and lock it up tight in davey Jones ' locker . that way you will know it will be wait until I get back . " Anne read the stage direction . anne " Lucy lie down , place she head on a soft pillow . she look up at Tommy , sad and dreamy . Tommy kiss the tip of he finger and dot she on the nose . he reach for a seashell and put it to she ear . " elvis mimic hold a shell beside Anne 's ear . elvis ( mouth still full ) " listen , can you hear the sound of the sea ? " anne ( read ) " Tommy pick up a harpoon , hold it like a microphone , and start to sing . song to be determine . " Anne put the script aside . anne it 's a little hokey . elvis what do you expect , it 's a elvis presley picture . anne do you have the song ? elvis ( sing ) davey Jones ' locker , davey Jones ' locker , my heart 's in davey Jones ' locker , waitin ' to be freed -- 58 . int . soundstage a -- day the Memphis mafia be sit around a card table outside of elvis 's trailer , play four-handed poker . the Colonel approach , chomping on he cigar . he stand over lamar 's shoulder . elvis and Anne 's laughter can be hear come from inside . colonel parker who 's he in there with ? lamar the cook , Anne . she bring in he lunch . colonel parker every day ? lamar uh -- huh . int . elvis' trailer -- day elvis be still work on he lunch while Anne read the script silently to herself . anne ( look up ) this Lucy be a fool . elvis you say you would not wait for I ? anne nope . course I could not keep a straight face if I see a man sing into a harpoon , either . elvis how come ? anne this man you play , he enlist , right ? elvis ( in character ) " my country need I , baby . " 59 . anne a man 's responsibility be to the one he love . enlist be just a excuse to run away . if he country need he , it will let he know . elvis be you daddy a soldier ? anne my daddy do not need no excuse to run away . elvis Problem with my daddy be he 's always hang around . Anne laugh , then wince slightly . anne you do not have anything for a headache , do you ? elvis reach into the pocket of he leather jacket . he take out a pill case make from two sheriff 's badge join by a hinge . he flip it open . Inside be a vast array of pharmaceutical . he take out a couple of blue . elvis try this . Anne hesitates . elvis ( continue ) they be all prescription . anne be any of this aspirin ? elvis hand she two aspirin . she go to the sink and fill a glass . he pick up he script and try to concentrate . frustrate , he toss it aside . int . elvis' kitchen -- morning elvis and the Colonel be have breakfast at the small table in the kitchen . the Colonel read " variety . " Anne be at the counter make a pot of coffee . 60 . elvis be work on a platter of grit , egg , and sausage . he pick up a piece of toast , mop up some yolk , and stuff it in he mouth . elvis push himself away from the table . he look down at he stomach which be beginning to bulge out against he shirt . he lift up he shirt and expose he belly . he poke at it with he finger . elvis be I get fat ? no one answer . elvis ( continue ) I use to be thin as a split minnow . now look at I . colonel parker I do not hear anyone complain . elvis be still stare at he belly . elvis Anne , what do you think ? Anne look . anne would not kill you to lay off the butter sandwich . elvis be hurt . he pull he shirt down , get up from the table , and leave the room . the Colonel slam down he paper , furious . colonel parker what be you think ? anne he ask for my opinion . colonel parker that do not mean he want it . I think I make that clear when you start here . no one tell elvis what to do . 61 . anne except you , of course . Colonel parker go lobster red . he hold up a finger and begin to yell but the sound be drain from he voice . snapping finger be heard : Alice wake up in varya 's apartment . she look very distress . varya what happen ? what be it ? alice I think I be about to get fire . int . alice' apartment build -- night returning from work , Alice key she way into the lobby of she apartment building . she go to the bank of mailbox and something catch she eye . Brian 's mailbox , which now have a piece of mask tape affix to it with Kevin 's name , be stuff to the gill with mail . it look like no one have touch it for day . int . alice' apartment build -- night Alice approach Kevin 's door with a armful of he mail . she knock . there be no answer . she knock a second time , harder . still no answer . remember she have the key , she unlock the door and step inside . brian apartment : look for a place to set the mail , Alice can not resist a look around . stealing through the apartment like a thief , she find that the place be a mess . dish be scattered about . the floor be litter with clothes . a acoustic guitar be supine on the sofa . move into the kitchen , she find a empty spot on the counter and set down Kevin 's mail . 62 . out of habit , she open the fridge and have a look . it be full to the hinge . everything be industrial size -- tub of butter , a loaf of wonder bread , bananas . she take out a giant jar of olive , pop a few in she mouth , and close the fridge . she tiptoe she way to the bedroom and find the door ajar . peer through the gap , she see the imprint of a body in the unmade bed . her memory flash on Brian , sleep , nude . she turn from the door and leave the apartment . int . alice' apartment -- day Alice arrange a eggplant , a turnip , some apple , and some other fruit and vegetable on the window sill . behind she , a canvas rest on a easel . she find a pencil , go to the canvas , and begin to sketch the proportion of the still life . uninspire , she look at she work and set she pencil down . ext . NORTH side STREET -- day Alice ride through town on she bike . she pause at a shopping district , dismount , and drag she bike up onto the sidewalk . she walk idly from window to window , lead she bike , not appear particularly interested in anything until she spot a fabric store . bolt of color fabric be display in the window . ext . NORTH side STREET -- day Alice bicycle home with a fat package from the fabric store under she arm . int . alice' apartment -- day Alice stretch black velvet over a frame . int . alice' apartment -- late the black velvet canvas be up on the easel and Alice be painting away while listen to music . 63 . she take a apple from she still life and chomp into it . int . alice' apartment build -- night Alice knock on Kevin 's door . she hold a painting cover in a plain brown wrapper . there be no answer . she knock as hard as she can . still nothing . worried , she use she key and poke she head inside . alice Kevin ? she step in and look around . she hear something . snore . Kevin be sack out on the couch in a very deep sleep . Alice remove one of Brian 's print from the wall and replace it with she painting , leave it wrap . she pull a blanket up around Kevin and exit quietly . int . alice' apartment -- night Alice wake with a start . someone be knock on she door . frightened , she look at she clock . it be four in the morning . she put on she robe and go to the door . alice who be it ? kevin ( 0.s. ) Kevin . Alice unchain the lock and open the door . kevin I have a dream you come into my room . alice I do . I do not think you be home . kevin you try to recruit I into the ss . and then you head get really big . 64 . alice that part be a dream . do you like the painting ? Kevin have no idea what she 's talk about . int . brian apartment -- late Alice lift she wrap painting from the wall . alice you do not pay much attention to you surroundings , do you ? kevin I lead a predominantly internal life . she hand the painting to Kevin . Kevin look at it like he 's never be give anything before . he carefully tear away the paper . it be a picture of elvis on black velvet . he be nude with a body like michaelangelo 's David . he hold a large seashell over he private . kevin ( continue ) shellvis . alice what do you think ? kevin it concern I . alice how come ? kevin people will think I pose for this . Alice smile . kevin ( continue ) be you hungry by any chance ? 65 . int . canter' -- night the deli be dead empty . Alice and Kevin sit at a booth in the back . a tire waitress with tired hair walk up , she arm full of plate . she drop off Kevin 's order first . tire waitress short stack of blueberry pancake , side sausage , side bacon , home fries , fruit cup , toast bagel with cream cheese . ( turn to Alice ) and one coffee . will there be anything else ? Kevin look at Alice 's coffee . kevin I will have a coffee too , please . the waitress walk off . Alice look at Kevin 's food , she eye wide . kevin ( continue ) food 's the only thing I still enjoy . the waitress bring he coffee . kevin ( continue ) thank you . Alice watch he eat . alice do you work ? kevin sometimes . I be a musician , I be in a band . alice how old be you ? kevin my birthday 's in a couple of week . I will be twenty - four . Alice be shocked . 66 . kevin ( continue ) you know that guy who guess you age at carnival ? Alice nod . kevin ( continue ) I can beat they . Alice reach for he bagel . alice do you mind ? kevin of course not . she take a bite and put it back . Kevin look down at the table . kevin ( continue ) you know how they say that some people be bear with old soul ? that they must have go through the circle of life and death many time before because they seem to have wisdom beyond they year ? alice do you think that 's you ? kevin I think so . alice because you be so wise ? kevin ( shake he head ) because I be so tired . alice would you say the honeymoon be over ? kevin no . thank you for the painting . 67 . int . soundstage a -- day elvis stand on the railing of a ship in the midst of a storm . huge wave wash over he . pull back to reveal that he be on a set be rock back and forth by two stagehands . the water come from bucket , the wind from large , powerful fan . director cut ! elvis be help off the set and be immediately towele off by the makeup person . lamar meet up and walk beside he . elvis Anne here yet ? lamar who ? elvis Anne , the cook . lamar no one tell you ? int . anne's room -- day Anne be in she room , pack she thing . outside , a car can be hear pull up and come to a abrupt stop . she close the lid of she suitcase and push down hard , try to make the latch catch . elvis appear in the doorway . he be in jeans and a t-shirt . his hair be still wet and be a mess . elvis what happen ? anne I mouth off to the Colonel and he fire I . elvis you do ? anne the most cantankerous thing just seem to come fly out of my mouth , I do not know what be wrong with I lately . 68 . elvis I think that be just the way you be . anne it 's not . can you apologize for I ? elvis what do you say to he ? anne he be angry because I tell you you be get fat . Heaven forbid someone should tell you the truth for once in you life . see , there I go again . elvis look down at he stomach . Anne nod . elvis it 's you fault . anne I just make the food , I do not put it in you mouth . elvis you do not have to make it so good . anne I also accuse he of run you life . elvis you do ? elvis ( continue ) you be not afraid of anyone , be you ? anne not lately . Anne 's leave arm begin to quiver . she hide it behind she back . elvis if I talk to the Colonel , will you stay ? 69 . anne do not tell he I be go to hold my tongue , because apparently I be not capable . elvis would not dream of it . the quiver become a shake . Anne clamp onto she leave hand with she right , try to still it . anne now leave I be , I have to unpack . elvis smile and leave the room . Anne release she arm . the tremor spread from she arm to she shoulder . then , she whole body begin to shake . frightened , she slip into she bathroom and lock the door . anne's bathroom : she sit down on the toilet , still shaking . she take deep breath try to control herself , but she will do not seem she own . after a moment , the tremor pass . she go to the sink and find some aspirin . she look at the mirror and meet eye with she reflection . int . examining room -- day Anne sit on a bench in a examine room , look frighten and spend . dr . northrop , early sixty , kind , enter with a clipboard . dr . northrop hello , Anne , how be you feel ? anne better . Fine , actually . dr . northrop ( refer to chart ) you say this be the first time you have have a seizure of any kind . there 's no history of epilepsy in you family ? anne no , sir . 70 . dr . northrop have you have any headache , nausea ? anne headaches . dr . northrop have you notice or have anyone comment on sudden mood swing or change in you personality ? anne yes . Dr. northrop think a moment . he hand he chart and a pen to Anne . dr . northrop would you sign you name here ? anne what be I signing ? dr . northrop nothing , it 's a test of you motor skill . Anne take the pen and sign . she find it surprisingly difficult . the result signature be a uncontrolled squiggly mess . ext . dr . northrop' office -- day Red stand beside he car , hold the door for Anne . she slide inside and he close it behind she . int . red' cadillac -- late Anne and Red ride down wilshire Blvd . Red shake two tareyton out of they pack and hand one to Anne . red so what would the doctor say ? anne nothing really . he give I some pill , want I to come in for more test . Red ignites he Zippo and pass it to Anne . she light she cigarette and take a deep drag . 71 . anne ( continue ) could you not tell elvis I be here ? ext . bel AIR mansion -- day Anne be out on the patio in a sundress and hat . a book be open on she lap . her eye be close and she have doze off . elvis come out of the house . he be about to say something , when , notice she 's asleep , he pause to look at she . he approach cautiously , kneel down , and shake she arm . Anne open she eye . elvis what be you do ? anne I be sleep . it be my day off . elvis feel like keep the boss company ? ext . bel AIR mansion -- later Anne wait while elvis kick start he '' 57 harley . the engine jump to life on the second kick with a lope rasp . elvis ( over the sound of the motor ) hop on ! Anne bunch she dress up between she leg and climb on behind he . elvis dump the bike into gear and they take off . ext . sunset boulevard -- day elvis and Anne sweep down the curving , tree -line street head east through beverly Hills . Anne have one arm around elvis 's waist and be clutching she hat with the other to keep it from blow away . elvis crack the throttle to make a pass . Anne shriek happily . 72 . int . recording studio -- day Anne be in the control booth of a Los Angeles recording studio . a engineer sit at the control board . Colonel parker be in attendance as be the director of the film . the Colonel do not appear pleased to be share space with Anne . on the other side of the soundproof glass : be elvis , four backup singers , and he band . the band be in the final stage of set up . the sound engineer speak into he intercom . SOUND engineer ( through speaker ) elvis ? we be ready . should we start with " davey Jones ' locker " ? in the control booth : the director turn to Anne . director ( smile proudly ) I write that one myself . in the studio : elvis look over the music on he bandstand . he lean over he microphone . elvis it 's a little early in the morning to take on that masterpiece . I think I would better warm up first . the Band member and backup singer chuckle . elvis ( continue ) any request ? control booth : anne I have get one . the sound engineer direct she to the microphone . 73 . anne ( into mic ) could you play " so glad you be mine " ? elvis I think you be not a fan . Anne smile and lean back to avoid the Colonel 's glare . in the studio : elvis turn to he Band . elvis ( continue ) you boy remember that little blast from the past ? piano player I think we can manage . elvis nod to the drummer . he count off a free bar and they begin to play . elvis ( sing ) my baby 's long and tall , she 's like a cannonball , say every time she love I , lord you can hear I squall -- I cry , ooooowee , I believe I change my mind . I say I be so glad I be livin ' , I cry I be so glad you be mine . ext . cadillac dealership -- day elvis pilot he bike into the parking lot of a cadillac dealership on wilshire Blvd. in beverly Hills . int . cadillac dealership -- day elvis be inspect a shiny new convertible . it be silver - blue with a white interior and a white top . Anne stand by , try to get she hair back under control . anne it 's a pretty car . be you go to buy it ? a dealer approach . 74 . elvis I already do . the Dealer hand elvis the key . he offer they to anne. elvis ( continue ) I buy it for you . it take a moment to sink in . anne it 's a nice think , but I will not accept . elvis I can not take it back . anne of course you can . elvis no , I can not , get in . elvis open the door for Anne . she get in and slide over to the passenger seat . elvis sit down beside she in the cadillac : elvis point to a custom gold plaque set in the dash . Anne look . the plaque have be engrave : to Anne carver . Love , elvis for some reason this make she sad . elvis ( continue ) when I be a little boy , my daddy be send to prison for write a bad check . my momma work she finger to the bone for I . she use to pick cotton in the field and drag I behind she on a burlap sack . when I start make money , I want to pay she back for all she would go through raise I . I buy she a nice new house in Memphis as soon as I could . the neighbor get upset with she '' cuz she be keep chicken in the yard and they do not want no livestock in they neighborhood . ( more ) 75 . elvis ( continue ) I never know that chicken be livestock , but what can you say ? she just do not fit in . then I buy graceland and move she and my daddy in with I . she could do whatever she want at graceland and I think for a while she be happy . anne be graceland as pretty as its name ? elvis I think so . anne I would like very much to see it someday . elvis I will make sure you do . anne promise ? elvis promise . so what about the car ? anne you can not buy people 's love . elvis no , but you can buy they cadillac . Anne think about it . anne I do not have a license . ext . elvis' brentwood house -- day Anne 's new cadillac be circle the drive . the car swerve wildly , its speed increase with each loop . inside the cadillac : Anne be drive , have the time of she life . elvis sit beside she , genuinely frighten . elvis brake , hit the brake . 76 . Anne keep accelerate . they veer off the driveway , head straight for the garage . elvis reach over with he foot and stomp on the brake . driveway : the massive cadillac skid to a stop just a few foot shy of the garage door . inside the cadillac : elvis breathes a sigh of relief . elvis ( continue ) you stop could use a little work . he look to Anne . her arm be across the steering wheel and she head be lean up against it . elvis ( continue ) what be it ? anne headache . it come on so suddenly . int . elvis' kitchen -- night elvis sit alone at the kitchen table over a plate of cold fry chicken and cole slaw . he be drink a pepsi , look over the light -up L.A. basin . maggie approach and reach for he plate . maggie finish ? elvis nod . int . brentwood den -- night elvis sit down at the piano . he lift the cover and slowly begin to play a spiritual . 77 . int . anne's room -- night Anne 's door be slightly ajar . elvis knock softly and enter . he go to Anne 's bed and sit down beside she . elvis still hurt ? Anne nod . elvis ( continue ) here . he gently prop she head up on a pillow and massage she temple with he fingertip . Anne 's face ease as some of the tension be release . int . anne's room -- day elvis wake in Anne 's bed . the drape be open , allow harsh light into the room . elvis be shirtless . he raise the cover and look down . elvis Lord , what have I do -- int . bel AIR kitchen -- day Anne sit at the kitchen table in she robe . the newspaper and a cup of coffee be before she . elvis enter the room in jeans and a white t-shirt . Anne smile at he and get up from the table . anne good morning . elvis sit down , search for the will to speak Alice find a cup in the cupboard and fill it full of coffee from a pot on the stove . anne ( continue ) thank you for last night . Anne add cream to the coffee and a lot of sugar . she set it down before elvis and resume she seat . elvis take a deep pull . 78 . anne ( continue ) I do believe you have a heal touch . elvis what happen ? anne you do not remember ? elvis not past ten o'clock . anne I be in a lot of pain . you laid beside I and help I through it . elvis that 's all ? anne ( grin ) pretty much . elvis give it to I straight . anne at some point in the night you must have stripped yourself out of you clothes , because when I wake up you be naked as a jaybird . elvis that be not you ? anne please . elvis there be a lot of woman who would pay good money to wake up and find I in such a state . anne even more who get to for free . elvis think . elvis do you look ? 79 . anne I will not dignify that with a response . elvis I have get to keep myself pure , I have get a little girl wait for I back in Memphis . anne how old be she ? thirteen ? elvis she 's seventeen and I have not laid a finger on she . anne do you love she ? elvis like she be my other half . anne be you go to do right by she ? elvis I be gonna give it everything I have get . anne I have another question . she take a instamatic camera from she pocket . anne ( continue ) do kodak develop x-rate photograph ? elvis snatch the camera from she hand . ext . hospital -- day Red wait behind the wheel of Anne 's new cadillac , read the paper . int . hospital ( 1965 ) -- day Anne sit on a lab table in a paper gown . her head be clamp into a restraint that keep it perfectly still . Dr. northrop prepare a injection . a x-ray technician attend . 80 . dr . northrop this be a isotope which will allow we to observe circulation in the brain . it may hurt a bit . Dr. northrop inject the solution directly into the carotid artery in she neck . it hurt more than a " bit . " the technician position a x-ray cassette changer behind she head . he and the doctor retreat behind a protective screen . a buz sound be hear . the x-ray cassette rotate quickly , shoot off ten exposure in rapid succession . int . hospital room -- night Anne lie in bed . Red stand beside she . red why be they keep you overnight ? anne the test they do on I make I sick . red still no idea what 's wrong ? Anne shake she head . anne my doctor 's meeting with a specialist tomorrow . red I will tell E not to worry . Anne smile thankfully and squeeze he hand . int . bel AIR den -- night elvis , Red , some friend , and a small group of ador young women , have gather in a panele rec room . elvis sit on the edge of the pool table , read from the Bible . Gospel of St. luke , chapter 11 ; verse 38 -- 41 . elvis " now it come to pass as they be on they journey , that he enter a certain village ; and a woman name martha welcome he into she house . ( more ) : : 81 . elvis ( continue ) and she have a sister call Mary who also seat herself at the Lord 's foot , and listen to he word . but martha be busy about much serve . and she come up and say , " Lord , be it no concern of thine that my sister have leave I to serve alone ? tell she therefore to help I . " but the Lord answer and say to she , " martha , martha , thou art anxious and troubled about many thing ; and yet only one thing be needful . Mary have choose the best part , and it will not be take away from she . " elvis close the book and turn to he disciple . elvis ( continue ) so what do you think ? young woman 1 I think Jesus be say , " do not let the daily grind drag you down focus on what 's important . " elvis that 's good , baby . it be not the work , it 's the word . one of the Young woman be enrapture and be nearly fall out of she dress . young woman 2 do you think Jesus be attract to Mary ? elvis it would not surprise I . do not forget , Jesus be half man . int . diagnosis room -- day Dr. northrop and a specialist be look at Anne 's x-ray . the circulation pattern in and around she brain be highlight in bright relief . the specialist point to a area in the lower middle part of Anne 's brain that appear as a blush . he circle the area with he pen . he move on to another X - Ray which show the area from a different angle . 82. int . examining room -- day Anne be dress and be sit on a chair . Dr. northrop enter , hold a chart . his face be the picture of concern . anne you have bad news , do not you ? int . house of varya -- day Alice be at varya 's table . alice Anne be die . varya be you surprised ? alice why would not I be surprised ? varya when be you bear ? alice ( figure it out ) she have to die so I can be bear ? varya of course . it be a past life . alice but elvis love she . varya he tell she that ? alice not in so many word , but it 's pretty clear . he buy she a car varya what kind ? alice a cadillac . can not there be any overlap ? varya shake she head . 83. varya convertible ? alice yes . but she life be so much better than mine , it 's not fair varya that 's a nice car . alice could I switch place ? Cash in my life for hers ? varya of course not . alice I know this life , I have live it for almost thirty year , I be tell you , it 's not so great . int . lacma -- day Alice exit she office and walk up to kathie who be help a little boy with he art project alice do you ever see varya any more ? kathie who ? alice varya , the past- life medium . I hear you talk about she one day . kathie I be over past life . alice you be over they . kathie I be into colonic now . alice ( wish she would never ask ) really . 84 . kathie they really teach you a lot about yourself . ext . runyon canyon -- day a rare , clear spring day . Alice and Kevin sit on the oversize bench with they foot dangle . the view extend to the ocean . there be snack and beer between they . alice how would you find this place ? kevin I have a lot of important friend . ( pause ) what would happen if Brian come back today ? she think about it . she nod . alice I do not know . why ? kevin he send I a address , a place to send my rent . do you want it ? alice no , I do not think so . kevin you sure ? alice my shrink say that it take half as long to get over a relationship as you be in it . I be with Brian for four year , so I guess I will be over he in two . kevin what if you come across the right guy before that ? alice I would probably walk right past he . 85 . kevin I think the misery of sensitive people be cause by the fact that they be deliver into rigid environment form by people of bad intent over which they have no control . Alice pretend to give this some think alice sometimes I think I could get my nose pierce . she drink from she beer . alice ( continue ) be you really in a band ? kevin yes . alice what happen ? kevin quit . alice how come ? kevin it become too much about the money . Alice laugh so hard she spit out she beer . Kevin hesitates then smile along with she . ext . house of varya -- day varya open she front door and let Alice inside . int . bel AIR kitchen -- day Anne open the oven and slide out a stand roast of prime rib . she and test convince and shut stab a knife into the middle of it , pull it out , the temperature with she tongue . it need more time , she push the roast back in the door . 86 . she disappear into the pantry and return with a heavy canister of flour . it take a lot of effort for she to carry it to the counter . setting it down , she pause to catch she breath and wipe the sweat from she brow . she go to the fridge and take out a glass bowl full of egg . returning , she begin to get woozy , she step be unsteady . she close she eye and take a deep breath , try to regain she balance . a intense stab of pain hit she like a lightning bolt . the egg fall from she hand . the glass bowl shatter . her knee give way beneath she and she collapse on the floor int . joe' cadillac -- day elvis sit in the passenger seat wear a U.S. navy officer 's dress uniform . Joe be at the wheel drive as fast as he can . Red be in the back seat . elvis do they say what kind ? red it 's in she brain , in a place they can not operate . int . cedar' sinai -- day Anne be in a hospital bed , be feed through a tube up she nose . she open she eye to find elvis sit beside she bed , still in uniform . anne you have be promote . elvis I save the crew from enemy capture . make the world a safe place for democracy . anne and the girl ? elvis she wait for I . anne stupid girl . 87. elvis why do not you tell I ? anne I think you would go to piece . elvis do you want I to arrange for you to go home ? Anne shake she head . elvis ( continue ) be not there people you should be with ? anne my mother die a few year back . I would not know my father if he be stand right in front of I . elvis no sister or brother ? Anne shake she head . elvis ( continue ) then we will take care of you at the house . anne I do not want to be a burden . elvis I have be honore by you company since the day we meet . elvis lean down and kiss she on the forehead . anne you be take this better than I think you would . elvis I have always be a cry on the inside kind of clown . Anne close she eye . 88. elvis ( continue ) do it hurt much ? Anne open she eye , nod slowly . elvis ( continue ) do they give you anything for the pain ? anne morphine . elvis should I call the nurse ? anne what time be it ? elvis look at he watch . elvis Quarter past five . anne it 's okay , I get another shot soon . could you wait until then ? elvis sure . elvis take she hand . int . elvis' room -- night elvis be in he room with Joe and Red and Jimmy and four pretty young girl . half - full wine and whiskey bottle stand about . Music play on the radio . elvis be all strung out , stare at the wall . Joe joke with the girl , try to keep thing light . a redhead sit beside elvis . he turn and tap she on the shoulder elvis you think I could break that coffee table ? redhead what do you mean ? 89 . elvis with my hand , like this . smash right through the motherfuck table . redhead ( laugh nervously ) you be kid , right ? elvis rise to he foot . he swipe the bottle , ash trays and other crap off the table with one sweep of he arm . red what the hell be go on ? elvis I be gonna break this table . elvis stand over it . get in position , take deep breath to psyche himself up . red that 's pretty near four inch of mahogany . joe I see he break bigger board -- red it be not gonna happen . ( to elvis ) break something else . elvis hold up he hand , request silence . he square himself , shout , and strike the table with all he might . if anything break it be in he hand . the girl grimace . elvis stand stock still . Red approach . red ( continue ) you all right ? in a fit of temper , elvis throw over the table and stomp on it repeatedly with the heel of he motorcycle boot . no one know what to do . elvis keep kick the table again and again . realizing it 's futile , he begin to calm down . he look at the table . he look at everyone in the room . 90 . elvis that be one solid piece of furniture . elvis smile . the other breathe sigh of relief . elvis ( continue ) I think I be go to need another drink . Red turn up the radio . Joe pick up a bottle of wine and refill the girl ' glass . elvis go to the bar , which be set up on a piece of glass on top of a dresser . his back be to the room . he slide open a drawer . Inside be a turquoise - handle colt .45 pistol . he drop the clip to check and see that it 's load . it be . he take the gun from the drawer and raise it up . one of the girl notice and scream . elvis take aim at the chandelier . bam bam bam bam bam bam bam bam bam ! one by one he shoot out the glass shade lamp . the marksmanship be not bad for someone who 's probably have enough demerol to stun a ox . elvis ( continue ) I know I could break something in this room . he sit down on the bed , still hold the gun . he be laugh , everyone else be quiet . int . rec room -- day elvis stand beside a slot - car race track , set up to mimic the daytona motor speedway . he be wear a karate gi witha large yin and Yang symbol emboss on the chest . the track be realistic with grandstand fill with spectator , a astroturf infield with fake tree , and a pit row with little plastic mechanic . he watch he car , a replica of a plymouth Challenger circle the track . Anne enter dress in a robe . she find a stool and sit down . 91 . elvis I do not know you be here . anne they release I this morning . do not you have to be at the set ? elvis we finish on Friday . anne what 's next ? elvis the Colonel 's get something line up . anne you do not sound too excited . elvis good money . anne what do you want to do ? elvis I do not know , play the piano . do they tell you how long you have ? anne I have already last longer than they say I would . I appreciate that I can be honest with you . elvis do you know I have a twin brother ? Anne shake she head . elvis ( continue ) his name be jesse . he die the day we be bear . elvis point to the yin and Yang circle on he chest . elvis ( continue ) as I go around this circle from good to bad , travel through sin and temptation , jesse be always with I . ( more ) 92 . elvis ( continue ) I know deep in my heart that I will see he again . that he and my mother and I will be together one day . as sure as I be sure of that , I know that you and I will meet again , that we will be reunite at a different time and a better place . elvis bring he car to a stop . he open a drawer and take out a red mustang and a second control . he set the mustang in a slot beside the Challenger and hold the control out to Anne . elvis ( continue ) wanna race ? Anne take the control . elvis line up the car at the start line . anne be I the mustang ? elvis yeah . anne I like mustang . elvis pick up he control . elvis ready ? anne be I suppose to let you win ? elvis naw , cuz ' if you do , I can just tell myself I be be a gentleman . anne so I can kick you country butt ? elvis you can try . anne and you will not pout ? 93 . elvis pretty sure of yourself , be not you ? anne oh yes , very . elvis on three . one. two -- Anne do not wait for three . she put down she thumb and she tiny car take off . elvis ( continue ) you little cheat ! int . bel AIR kitchen -- day Anne have dress . she pull some thing out of the refrigerator , prepare to make lunch . elvis enter in jeans and a t-shirt , he hair still wet from the shower . elvis what be you do ? anne make lunch . elvis you be white as a sheet . you should be rest . anne someone have to do it . int . bel AIR kitchen -- late Anne be sit at the counter . elvis have take she place behind it . he drop four slice of wonder bread into the toaster and push down the lever . move on to the stove , he light a burner and set a skillet on top of it . elvis the most common mistake in the preparation of the fry peanut butter and banana sandwich be to not toast the bread . if you fall into this trap , you end up with a mushy sandwich that 's cold in the middle . 94 . he open the fridge and find a stick of butter . he lop off a obscene amount of it and drop it in the pan . in the pantry , he search and locate peanut butter and bananas . elvis pick up the fry pan and roll it to spread the melt butter . the toast pop up . elvis put it on a paper plate and show it to Anne . he open the peanut butter and find a knife . he scoops some out and slather it on the bread . elvis ( continue ) do not skimp on the peanut butter either . a thick coat be apply to all four slice . elvis ( continue ) you should not be able to tell where the peanut butter end and the bananas begin . elvis put two of the slice of bread into the fry pan . the butter bubbles around they . he peel a banana and slice it onto the bread . elvis ( continue ) you go lie down . I will bring this to you when they be ready . int . bel AIR den -- night Anne sit on the sofa with a blanket wrap around she leg . elvis be beside she . a plate with the finish fry peanut butter and banana sandwich be on the coffee table beside two tall glass of milk . Anne pick up a sandwich . she look at elvis 's expectant face and take a bite . elvis what do you think ? anne ( swallow hard ) good . thank you . elvis remove a heavy gold chain with a crucifix from he neck and place it on hers . 95 . anne please , do not give I anything else . elvis I be a performer . I do not give , I do not live . int . anne's room -- night Anne be in bed , the light be on low . she be take deep breath . tear run down she cheek . she be in great pain . elvis enter the room . he move quietly across the floor and sit down on the edge of she bed . Anne grasp he hand and squeeze . elvis it 's okay . everything 's go to be okay -- his presence have a calming effect on she . she let he hand fall . he reach up and apply pressure to she temple . her breathe gradually deepen and even . elvis ( continue ) there 's nothing to be afraid of -- Anne drift off to sleep . varya ( v.0 . ) Alice . Alice . Alice ! int . house of varya -- day varya be on she foot , shaking Alice with all she might . she will not wake up . give up , varya go to the phone and punch a number . varya I know this one be crazy . ext . house of varya -- day varya 's brother ralph , a stout man in paint -splatter coverall , stand on she doorstep . varya open the door . 96 . varya Ralph , good . come in , come in -- varya hustle he inside . int . house of varya -- day Alice sit at varya 's table . she be in a deep trance . there be the trace of a smile on she lip . Ralph and varya stand before she . ralph ( heavy accent ) do you try cold water ? varya I try everything . she will not wake up . Ralph slap Alice 's face . ralph hey , you . wake up . Alice do not budge . ralph ( continue ) this be very strange . varya look at she watch . varya I have another customer in five minute ! I just can not have she sit here like this . varya take Alice by the shoulder . varya ( continue ) do not just stand there ! help I move she . in the hallway : Ralph carry Alice . arya open the door to a large closet and Ralph set she inside . ralph what be you go to do with she ? 97 . varya I do not have time to think about that now . ralph I could use she as a model . she sit very still . varya close the closet door , leave Alice in complete darkness . int . anne's room -- day Anne wake to find elvis sleep beside she , hold she hand . she slide out of bed carefully , so as not to wake he , and pad across the floor to the bathroom . int . anne's bathroom -- day Anne enter she bathroom and close the door quietly behind she . she lean into the mirror and look with dismay at the bag under she eye . she hold up she hand . it be shaking . she pull open a drawer beside the sink and reach for a bottle of prescription pain killer . she pop the top and fish for the pill . she wince , reacting to a terrible flash of pain . her vision darken and the room start to swim before she eye . another flash of pain , one hundred time stronger than anything she 's ever feel before . her knee fold beneath she like break matchstick . she collapse on the cold tile . the aspirin bottle fall , scatter pill around she . int . cedar' sinai -- night elvis sit on a bank of chair . he 's be awake for thirty - six hour and look it . Red sit beside he . part of Anne can be glimpse through a rectangular window in the adjacent room . a nurse be tend to she . the Colonel approach elvis . colonel parker how be she ? 98 . elvis look at he , do not answer . red sleep . the nurse come out of Anne 's room . nurse ( to elvis ) you can go in if you want . int . cedar' sinai -- night Anne wake in the stark hospital room . she be gaunt , colorless , and fragile . elvis sit beside she , hold he head in he hand . anne hey -- elvis look up and take she hand . elvis how be you ? anne not so good . you ? elvis shake he head . elvis I do not think I can get through this . anne you be love by more people than anyone on earth . Anne close she eye . they reopen a moment later . anne ( continue ) do not let they put I in a box , I want to be cremate . elvis all right . anne I never see graceland . 99 . elvis it 's not go anywhere . the slight hint of a smile from Anne . she close she eye . elvis begin to shake . lose a battle to fight back tear he lean over and kiss she fade out : fade in : int . house of varya -- night it be the dead of night . pounding be hear come from inside the closet where Alice be deposit . alice let I out ! I be not dead ! somebody help I ! more frantic pounding . a just -awoken varya stumble out of she room in she pajamas . she clomp down the hall and open the closet door release a severely disorient Alice . varya leave my house and do not ever come back . Alice be ruin . alice ( v.0 . ) she tell I she be a fake . int . dr . shemp condo -- night Dr. shemp life in a swanky high -rise in Santa monica . he look a little sleepy and be wear pajamas , slipper , and a robe . Alice sit on he sofa , fight back tear . alice she say I be nut and that she would not see I anymore . Dr. shemp pass she a box of tissue . Alice take one and dry she eye . alice how could I have make all that up ? 100 . dr . shemp you subconscious be try to heal the wound create by the loss of you fiancee . since you be not ready to face it in reality , it be cushion the blow . with most people this process would have manifest itself in simple denial , but since you be a creative person , you subconscious devise a creative solution . Alice be now cry full force . Dr. shemp 's heart go out he get up from he chair and sit beside she . he put he arm around she and cradle she head against he shoulder . Alice stiffen . he guide she face towards he and lean in to kiss she . Alice recoil in horror . alice what be you do ? dr . shemp I be go to kiss you . Alice go pale . alice oh my God . she jump to she foot , pick up she purse . dr . shemp you must have know I be attract to you . alice this be not happen . she grab she coat and reach for the door . Dr. shemp go after she . dr . shemp wait , we should talk . Alice can not even look at he . 101 . dr . shemp ( continue ) we need to process what 's happen here . ignoring he , Alice push through the door and slam it behind she . ext . alice' apartment build -- day Alice get out of a cab and enter she building . she still look completely at sea . int . alice' apartment build -- day Alice approach Kevin 's door . she find it slightly ajar . she knock . alice Kevin ? Alice push open the door and enter the apartment . she gasp . stand in the middle of the room , amongst backpack and duffel bag be Brian . brian hello , Alice . it 's good to see you again . alice Brian . where 's Kevin ? brian I call from the airport . told he I be come . he be go when I get here . alice you do not know where he go ? brian I be sorry , I do not . alice you do not know he from before ? brian no . he just answer a ad . be you guy friend or something ? 102 . Alice sit , hide she face in she hand . alice be you back for good ? Brian sit beside she . brian no . I come to pack up the rest of my stuff . we need to talk . something happen to I in Alaska . dissolve to : ext . ocean off the coast of alaska -- day a salmon fishing boat be anchore off a majestic coastline . on deck : a group of manly , harden deck hand be haul in a heavy net . Brian stand alongside they . he look a little out of he element , but he 's work hard to keep up . he look to the deck Hand next to he . he be muscular and deeply tan . his hair be closely cropped . a prominent tattoo of a anchor have be needle into he bicep . Brian can not remove he eye from he . the deck Hand return he look unflinchingly . a ocean of share and unspoken knowledge open up between they . dissolve to : int . brian apartment -- day Alice spring from the sofa and begin to pace before Brian . alice you be tell I you be gay ? brian I must have know something be wrong , but I could not face it . alice un-fuck believable ! the four year we be together , you be not really there at all , be you ? Brian be silent . 103. alice ( continue ) answer I ! it be not real , be it ! brian of course it be real . it happen . alice but you be not there ! I make up we whole relationship . after you leave I think I know what it be like to be alone , but no , I have no idea . now I have retroactive loneliness pile up on top of everything else . Brian try to speak , but nothing come out . Alice look at he . the elvis painting she give to Kevin catch she eye . she go to it and tear it down from the wall . she turn and leave Brian 's apartment , slamm he door behind she . int . alice' apartment -- night Alice be in bed , toss and turn angrily . Mr. fabulous , want to play , leap up and attack she foot . this unsettle she further . she rise from bed and go to she closet . she drag out a cat carrier . she pick up Mr. fabulous by the scruff of the neck and stuff he inside . he meow from behind the wire door . Alice clamp she hand over she ear and leave the room . in the kitchen : Alice find a bottle of irish whiskey above the sink . she pour some into a dirty glass , add water from the tap , and drink it down . she make the same drink again and carry it into the other room . live room : Alice sit on the edge of she sofa . she pick up she remote and put it down again . she look at all four wall . her apartment seem confiningly small . she take a sip of she drink . the taste make she gag . ina fit , she throw it against the window . 104 . the drink glass break , the window glass hold . she watch the whiskey and water stream down the pane . outside , someone pass . be it Kevin ? she hurry to the window . there be no one outside . in fact , there be no outside , just black . int . airplane -- dawn a red- eye flight . all the window shade be draw , allow the scattered passenger to sleep . Alice sit alone in a exit row . Mr. fabulous be on she lap , still in he cat carrier . Alice 's head rest on top of it . she be pass out . a flight attendant make a announcement over the p.a.. flight attendant ( 0.s . ) we be beginning we descent into Memphis . please make sure you seat be upright and you Alice rouse . she set the cat carrier on the vacant seat beside she . she reach over and slide open the shade . she squint into the light of the come dawn . int . taxi -- day still the gray light of morning . Alice ride in the back of a taxi cab watch telephone pole go by . they pass the lock gate of graceland . a tired Guard stand in the guard shack . mercury vapor light extinguish themselves , they sensor signal daylight the taxi driver slow . Alice tell he to drive on . ext . memphis library -- day Alice walk up the step on she way into the main branch . int . memphis library -- day Alice sit at a computer terminal in the reference Department . she enter the name carver , Anne and do a search . at the bottom of the screen appear the word : '' entry find to match you search 105 . int . hall of record -- day Alice stand before a clerk at the hall of record . alice I be wonder if I could check the record on anyone employ by Colonel Tom parker in the early sixty ? int . hall of record -- day Alice return a stack of file to the clerk clerk do you find what you be look for ? alice no , but thank you anyway . int . memphis library -- night Alice be asleep on a table , surround by pile of book on elvis . a librarian approach and shake she gently . librarian we be close , mar 'am . int memphis HOTEL -- night Alice be in a dumpy hotel in downtown Memphis . she open a can of cat food and spread it out on a paper plate for Mr. fabulous . ext . graceland -- day a tour bus hiss to a stop outside of elvis 's estate . tourist file out . some snap picture , all look to the house wonderstruck , as if they would just step through the pearly gate . Alice be amongst they . a portly fellow , beside himself with excitement , shoot off half a roll of film and turn to Alice . portly fellow be this you first time ? 106 . alice it 's beginning to look that way . portly fellow look at she funny . a tour guide hold up she hand and wave . tour guide welcome to graceland ! the crowd quiet a bit . tour guide ( continue ) please line up beside the gate , we tour begin in ten minute . int . graceland -- day the Tour guide lead the group into the music room . a black Story and Clark piano be contrast against white carpet and shiny golden drape . tour guide Friends and musician would come to this room to sing and jam . notable amongst they be James Brown . although elvis be most often see with a guitar and could play it well , he instrument of choice be the piano . the Tour have gather in the tv room : a stark contrast to the tacky elegance of the Music room , the tv room be all mirror and seventies low fashion . a porcelain monkey sit on a gild coffee table . the Tour move through the pool room : four hundred yard of psychedelic fabric be staple to the ceiling in pleat which converge at the center . the effect be dizzying . the tour gaze in wonder at the jungle room : a waterfall trickle over the slumpstone brick which make up the far wall . giant hand - carve chair stand in three corner of the room , cover in what look like zebra skin . statuary include ram , lion , tiger , and of course , a monkey . 107 . the automobile museum : the group have scattered about . some look at the pink cadillac fleetwood , other the ~ 56 eldorado paint shocking purple . Alice stand before the motorcycle exhibit , pay particular attention to a 57 harley , just like the one elvis take Anne for a ride on . tour guide ( continue ) elvis probably purchase over three hundred car in he lifetime , and give most of they away . he be a man of enormous appetite . if he like something he would have to have ten of they , nothing be ever do in moderation . Alice raise she hand . tour guide ( continue ) yes ? alice do you know if elvis ever have a cook work for he name Anne carver ? the Tour guide think . tour guide I be afraid I have never hear that name . alice it would have be while he be in Hollywood . tour guide I be sorry . ( to the group ) if you will please follow I -- ext . graceland -- day the tour stand in the Meditation Garden before the grave of elvis , he mother gladys , and he father Vernon . 108 . tour guide elvis die August 16 , 1977 and be bury here in the Meditation Garden beside he beloved mother gladys . Alice reach through the fence and lay she hand on he grave . tour guide ( continue ; smile ) there be that , of course , who believe elvis life to this day . I will let you draw you own conclusion . ext . tourist loading station -- day Alice sit on a bench across the street from graceland , wait for the bus to take she back to the hotel . member of she tour be milling about . one of they step aside , clear she line of sight to a telephone pole which various ad and flier have be staple to . a bright yellow one catch she eye . it read : audience with the king beneath the write be a silhouette of elvis and a telephone number . int . madame scarlett' -- night Alice and five other customer be sit around a feel - top table in a dark room full of red velvet and bead . at the center of the table be a crystal ball , behind the crystal ball be a scarlett , a medium . she stroke the crystal ball , put herself into a kind of trance . scarlett we must now all join hand . they do . scarlett ( continue ) Close you eye and direct all you thought to summoning elvis from the great beyond . 109 . the room be dead silent . scarlett ( continue ) wait , I think I hear something ! shuffling footstep , follow by the sound of jingling gold chain . scarlett ( continue ) the King ! he 's here ! everyone open they eye . behind a semi-transparent screen stand a bad elvis impersonator . elvis impersonator hi , I be elvis presley . everyone be impressed but Alice . alice give I a break . she get up from the table and leave the room . int . memphis liquor store -- night Alice be at the counter , pay for a six - pack . she notice something on the shelf above the cashier . it be a Jim beam elvis decanter . a white porcelain figurine of elvis ina karate pose . the date of he birth and death be emboss in gold leaf at the bottom . int . greyhound bus -- night Alice be in the bus , stare out the window , watch the light of Memphis recede behind she . Mr. fabulous , in he carrier , be beside she . the elvis decanter , in a plastic bag , be on she lap . int . alice' apartment -- night struggle with she luggage , Alice open the door to she apartment . she enter the live room and set the cat carrier down on the floor . she open the wire door and Mr. fabulous sprint out of the apartment like a cat possess . Alice go after he . 110 . hallway : look around , Alice see he puffy tail zip around the corner . she follow . she round the corner just in time to see he disappear into Brian 's apartment . she continue she pursuit , albeit with some trepidation . brian apartment : the apartment have be completely clean out . there be not a stitch of furniture , a shred of clothing , or scrap of paper . all the door and window have be leave open for airing . Alice look around aimlessly . Mr. fabulous come to she rub himself up against she shin . she pick he up without think and wander into the kitchen . the kitchen : the refrigerator , like the rest of the apartment , have be clean out and leave open . Alice stand and stare . int . chicago children' museum -- day Alice supervise a group of fifteen kide , all about nine year old . the kid be make hat out of different scrap of color foam and fabric and be have the time of they life . Alice notice that one of the kid , jerome , look very sad . he be sit apart from the other and be not work . Alice go to he . alice Jerome , where 's you hat ? jerome I do not have one . alice you be work on one a little while ago . jerome it 's a dumb hat . alice who say that ? 111. jerome someone . alice could I see it ? reluctantly , Jerome reach under the table and retrieve he hat . he put it on he head . it 's a crazy , tall , mad hatter kind of thing . alice ( continue ) wow ! Jerome pull the hat from he head . jerome I tell you it be dumb . alice it 's not dumb , it 's fantastic . come with I -- int . alice' office -- late Jerome stand beside Alice 's desk . he be look down at a Polaroid photograph , watch the image develop . it reveal itself to be a picture of he wear the hat , smile a broad , gap - toothe smile . Alice take a photo album from a shelf and set it on she desk . Jerome watch as she open it and flip through the page . they be fill with photograph of kid in crazy hat . alice I like to save all the best work so I can have it forever and show other people . she take Jerome 's photo and place it on a blank page in the album . alice ( continue ) sometimes people say mean thing because they be jealous . 112. int . alice' office -- evening the museum be close . Alice have stay late to catch up on some paperwork that be stack high on she desk . she reach for a bundle of mail , remove the rubber band , and flip through it . amongst the junk be something personal -- a color envelope with she name write sloppily across the surface . she open it . Inside be a handwritten invitation in the same sloppy script . it read : birthday Party for Kevin August 16 , 2001 114 6th Street 8 p.m. Alice look at she watch . it be quarter past seven . the date on she Simpson 's desk calender indicate that it be aug alice shit . ext . kevin' parent house -- night a cab pull up in front of a three - story brick house in hancock Park . Alice pay the driver and hop out . she have put on a dress and a long coat . in she arm be a oblong , wrap package . Comparing the address beside the door with the one on she invitation , Alice hurry up the step . int . kevin' parent house -- night a bear of a woman , who could only be kevin' mother , answer the door . she be somewhat formal in a billowy silk dress . she be so happy to see Alice she blushes . alice hi , be this where Kevin waterman life ? kevin' mother ( heavy german accent ) yes , darling , come in , come in . she lead Alice inside . the house be old - world european . heavy chandelier . frame landscape and wear velvet chair . classical music can be hear come from a distant room . 113 . kevin' mother let I take this . she strip Alice of she coat . kevin' mother ( continue ) Kevin be in the study at the end of the hall . there be plenty of food , so eat , please eat . Kevin 's mother disappear with Alice 's coat . Alice walk down the hallway , the music grow louder as she go . the wall on either side be cover with the photo and award of a piano prodigy . one show Kevin in a black cutaway stand before a orchestra , shaking hand with the conductor . Alice arrive at the door to the study . the room have be decorate for a party , but there be no guest . Kevin be seat at the piano , play spectacularly . Alice 's breath be take away . even more so when she see the banquet . every square inch of a ten foot table have be cover with fantastic look food . a gorgeous birthday cake sit alone on a round table beside it . Alice stand and listen until Kevin finish . alice happy birthday , Kevin . Kevin get up and go to she . Alice hug he tightly and long . she release he and look around . alice ( continue ) where be everyone ? kevin I be expect a late rush . Alice hand Kevin he present . alice I get you this . Kevin tear away the paper revealing the elvis decanter kevin thank you . it 's gorgeous . 114 . Kevin look at it some more . he place it in a position of honor beside he cake . alice look at all this food . kevin be you hungry ? alice starve . Kevin hand she a plate . ext . kevin' parent house -- late Kevin and Alice sit side by side on the bench of a picnic table on the open-air back porch . both have plate of food and be eat happily . Alice pop a crab-stuffed mushroom cap into she mouth . alice you have to try this . she feed one to Kevin . kevin what happen when Brian come back ? alice I realize I miss you . kevin I think we be mean to be together . alice and how do you know so much at twenty - four ? kevin I have be around . they kiss . inside : Kevin 's mother find a book of match in a kitchen drawer she carry it through the dining room , into the study , and to the cake table . 115 . she strike a match and light the candle . written in frosting on the cake be the word : happy 24th birthday Kevin ! August 16 , 1977 -- August 16 , 2001 the cake be lift and pull away , expose the date on the elvis decanter . elvis Aaron presley January 8 , 1935 -- August 16 , 1977 fade out :