Movie memorabilia < !-- hide script from old browser function popup ( url , width , height ) { var win = window.open ( url , " comment " , ' width= ' + 250 + ' , height= ' + 500 + ' , resizable=no , scrollbars=y , menubar=no , status=no , location=no , top=15 , left 15 ' ) ; } / / --> a{text-decoration:none} a:hover{color:white} } body { scrollbar-face -color : #267cb0 ; scrollbar-highlight-color : #267cb0 ; scrollbar -shadow-color : # 000000 ; scrollbar-3dlight-color : # 000000 ; scrollbar-arrow-color : # 000000 ; scrollbar-track-color : #267cb0 ; scrollbar-darkshadow-color : # 267cb0 ; } . : memorabilia : . Movie wardrobe wardrobe card Movie autograph britcom autograph Movie dealer link Home . : now and then : . autograph screen cap I screen cap ii the early year picture Press kit photo deleted scene photo deleted scene now and then script I now and then script ii Film site Film schedule call sheet meeting the star video standee Movie poster now and then Book Magazine articles newspaper articles pre-production Party the wrap Party premiere Film credit . : miscellaneous : . trivia quiz just for fun vote poll e-mail script this be a early script for " now and then " . it contain delete scene and a lot of the dialogue be change before filming begin . now and then ( the gaslight Addition ) by marlene King October 19 , 1994 the gaslight Addition ext . Indiana - early even the sun sit low in the sky and the roll hillside take on a golden glow . a rental car cruise downa lonely road which cut through the countryside . the car pass through a old cover bridge . int . car deep in think , samantha albertson puff on a cigarette as she drive . Big city hip , samantha 'spale complexion be only make more noticeable by the black turtleneck she wear . she stamp thecigarette out into a overflow ashtray . thrown into the passenger 's seat be a laptop computer , cellular phone , filo -fax , rental car contract and a carton of malboro reds , samantha reach forthe carton as we -- cut to : ext. Doctor 's Office - early even a beeper attach to a belt sound . we pan up to reveal Dr. roberta Martin . a 33 year old smalltown family practitioner , as she be about to step into she Jeep Cherokee . roberta wear minimalmake up and although it rarely occur to she , she 's a natural beauty . she wear a doctor 's smockover fade 501 's and have a appeal tomboyish quality about she that often attract man andwomen . she sigh as she turn off she beeper and head back into she office . ext. Shelby - early even a long stretch limousine roll past the city limit sign : " welcome to Shelby -- population 11,550 " int . bedroom the song play on the tape player . pink pump tap to the music on the high - low shag carpet . wepan up to reveal 33 year old chistina dewitt , a slightly overweight housewife , sit at she vanity . avon 's be knock on she door . she wear a pink , polyester ensemble and model hair heightonly a mid-western beautician could achieve . she sing along to the song as she look at she re-flection . something 's not right . she reach for a can of " White rain " and lift she hair even higher . we hear the front door swing page 2 open and slam shut . roberta ( o.s. ) anybody home ? chrissy be right there . she survey she look and wink at herself . hot stuff . then , slowly she stand . it take a incredibleeffect because she 's very pregnant . look like she could birth a baby whale , we realize she 's dueany second . int . Kitchen roberta set a case of Bud Light on the counter . she twist open a beer bottle and make herselfat home . chrissy enter and roberta fixate on she huge stomach . she immediately jump back . roberta everyone duck , she 's gonna blow ! chrissy roll she eye . it 's not the first joke she 's hear . roberta I think you get bigger overnight . chrissy yeah , well if this baby grow another inch , I be gonna reach in and yank it out myself . roberta grimace at the think then notice the latest issue of " people " magazine lie on thecounter and pick it up . Close on : Magazine cover . tv Star , Tina tercell , remarry she ex-husband . her fourth marriage infour year . chrissy can you believe that tramp ? chrissy load the beer bottle into the refrigerator . chrissy what do she have that people get so excited about ? roberta look at the magazine cover . roberta Long leg , a tiny waist and large , perky breast . page 3 chrissy ( reprimand ) roberta , you know how I feel about swear . roberta chrissy , breast be not a dirty word . chrissy cover she ear . chrissy I can not hear you . roberta scan the article . chrissy ( with skepticism ) it say in there she be orphane at age seven when she mother die in a freak kitchen accidentand she father run off with a parish nun . roberta it also say she attribute she three fail marriage to she extreme fear of intimacy ( thinkingabout it ) I think that 's probably true . chrissy please roberta toss aside the magazine and glance outside . she look at a magnificent old treehouse which be the focal point of the back yard . memories . a smile on roberta 's face . Goodmemory . she snap out of she daydream and turn back to chrissy . roberta have you talk to samantha ? chrissy I leave another message , but I havent hear from she . she probably think she 's too good for usnow that she 's win that book award . roberta I do not think that 's true at all . she 's just busy , like the rest of we . ext gaslight Addition samantha 's park she rental car at the curb in front of chrissy 's page 4 house . she look around , take in the neighborhood . a twenty year old residential village where identical , single story brick house sit side by side . paint-trim and flower differentiate the smith from the Jones . a Gas lamp post stand inthe front yard of every house in the area . large tree line the street and garnish the home . samantha ( v.o . ) there 's a point in you life when something in you past call and pull you back . chrissy 's callcame out of the blue , ask I to honor a pact we make the summer I turn 12 . I do not reallywant to go , but as the time grow nearer I realize I have no choice . with a air of reluctance samantha grab a garment bag from the trunk of the car and head upthe driveway towards the front door . she set down the bag , hesitates for a moment and then ringsthe doorbell . we hear commotion from the inside the house , then suddenly , the door fling openand flash ! samantha be momentarily blind by the glare of a flashbulb as chrissy snap she picture . robertaopen the door and hug samantha hello . roberta it 's good to see you . samantha you look great , roberta ! samantha turn to chrissy . samantha and you ... a pink pregnant sight to behold . samantha ( speechless ) look at you . chrissy hug she . chrissy thanks for come . beep beep ! a car horn blare . they all turn to see a long black limousine pull into the driveway . Little kid run up to see who 's inside . the driver open the passenger door and out step tinatercell . sexy , blonde bombshell . the kid surround she . she relish the attention . Tina finallyspot she three , long time friend , warching from the porch . page 5 Tina hey bitch . chrissy ( flabbergasted ) my Lord a hug from roberta . a air-kiss from chrissy . and then a moment . Tina and samantha look ateach other then break into smile . they share a really big hug . samantha it 's good to see you , teeny , teeny it 's be too damn long . int. foyer - live room - moment later chrissy waddle as she lead the way into the room . samantha look around in amazement . samantha ( think it 's weird ) it look just like it do when you mother live here . teeny I be sorry to hear she pass away . chrissy ( it 's still painful ) thanks . a awkward silence fall over they and for a moment . it 's uncomfortable . we realize they be notthe tight knit group they use to be . chrissy well , what can I get you two to drink ? samantha whatever . teeny anything . roberta ( upbeat ) how about a beer ? samantha and teeny great page 6 chrissy be right back . roberta let I help . they leave and samantha immediately comment on the plastic cover early american decor . samantha who do you think she take the plastic off for ? ( as teeny shrug ) I mean , we be company right ? if ever trhere be a time to take off the plastic , this would be it . ext. backyard - even chrissy 's husband fire up the barbecue . hamburger and hot dog sizzle . the woman kick off they shoe and pop open some cold beer . the recapture a glimpse of theirpast as they hang in and around the tree house . samantha and teeny rock back and forth onswing , hang from a overhead branch . chrissy sip on a fresca as she sit on the bottomof the aluminum slide protrude out of the tree house . roberta , inside the tree house , hang outof a window . samantha I can not believe you keep the tree house . chrissy Morton want to tear it down and put in a " dough Boy " but I just could not part with it . she look up at the old tree house with great affection . chrissy besides , it 's not mine to tear down . it belong to all of we . ( incredibly sincere ) I really want tothank you guy for show up ( caress she round stomach ) after two false start , the thirdtry 's get I scared to death . page 7 roberta you will be a great mom , chrissy ... alittle overbearing and rigid , but I be sure the kid will grow upto be , by the grace of God , well adjust . chrissy give she a pouty sneer . teeny I can not believe you be have a baby . samantha suddenly , I feel so old . teeny no shit . chrissy could you try , for one day to express yourself without cursing . teeny ( annoyed ) what be you , the dialogue police ? roberta jump out of the tree house and land solid on she foot . chrissy ( disapprove ) roberta . roberta ( proud of herself ) still get it . roberta push samantha and teeny on the swing . samantha this whole baby thing baffle I . I mean you have it . you raise it . you inevitable screw it up . it resent you . it feel guilty for resent you . then it have a baby and the vicious cycleperpetuate . they all look at she and realize she depress theory . roberta well , that 's certainly one way of look at it . samantha ignore roberta 's retort and a uncomfortable silence abound . unbeknownst tosamantha , chrissy look at the other and gesture samantha be crazy in the head . teeny triesto lighten the mood . page 8 teeny so ... Sam , what be you work on now ? samantha ( sarcastic ) my tan roberta flash a look at samantha 's pale complexion . roberta maybe you should try a lighter sun block . chrissy if you ask I , you ought to write a book about something people can relate to . I do n'tunderstand half of that last thing of yours I read . teeny she will take that as a compliment . samantha what 's not to understand ? it be a comprehensive theoretical analysis of Isaac asimov 's work . chrissy nobody care about that crap . why do not you write a romance novel , like danielle steel ? now there 'sa lady who know how to write a page turner . samantha and teeny stare at chrissy . they exchange look and bust up laugh . chrissy ( defensive ) go ahead and laugh , but the joke on you , not I . teeny really ? how so ? chrissy you two have become very peculiar people . teeny you be just jealous chrissy of you weirdo life . not in a quazillion year . it 's true , be n;t it roberta ? the longer they be gonethe weirder they get . page 9 roberta I just think it would be nice to see you guy more often . what 's it be ? six year ? chrissy roberta , for example , have choose to be alternative , but she be still normal . she have not beenmarry four time or go through a series of monogamous relationship ... or wear all black ? she 's happy . be not you roberta ? roberta ( embarrassed and amused ) uh , yeah . roberta attempt to pull a distant samantha back into the group . roberta samantha , truth or dare ? samantha snort a chuckle . samantha ( skeptical ) Truth I guess . roberta what be you and billy Wayne do in the tree house all night when we have that fourth of julyparty here ? a slow smile build on samantha 's face . the other anticipate hearing the story . samantha ( playful ) I promise I would never tell . the other groan as samantha laugh . she swing higher and higher . she glide up out of frameand when she glide back -- she be a 12 year old girl . we pull back and see roberta also now 12 push samantha and a 12 year old teeny on the swing of a colorfull metal 70' swing set . we pan over and see chrissy at 12 sit on the bottom of the aluminum slide , braid herpig tail . samantha ( v.o . ) many of we spend we adult life deny we childhood . so strongly , we shut ourselves off fromthe very thing that might help we understand . samantha jump out of she swing and run off , quickly follow by teeny and roberta . chrissyfish she pig tail and run off page 10 after they , into the house . int . chrissy 's House chrissy 's mother , Mrs. dewitt , with stiff set hair and a pink apron to match she outfit , put thefinish touch on she pastel desert concoction . we get the feel she spend a lot of timein the kitchen . the girl grab homemade chocolate chip cookie from a platter on the counterand exchange " hello 's and thank you 's ' with Mrs. dewitt . they walk through the house , towardsthe front door . as we look around , we notice the house do look exactly the same as we sawin 1994 . samantha ( v.o . ) the summer of 1970 start out like any other summer ... school end and we have three monthsof freedom ahead of we . but that year freedom be not enough . we want independence . aplace to call we own . that 's why we decide to buy the tree house ... and the quest to earn themoney be we summer goal . as the girl walk out the front door we cut to : ext. gaslight Addition the girl exist chrissy 's house and head down the sidewalk . we pan through the neighborhood . it 's a lazy summer afternoon in the year 1970 . tiny new tree make the house look bigger thanthey do during present day . everything look perfect and exact . New house . New paint . newlawn and sidewalk . samantha ( v.o. ) the four of we live in the gaslight Addition . it be a dream neighborhood . a brand new pre-plan community when new be in and old be out . a fresh cut grass and neatly trim shrubbery distinguish the albertson 's house . more thanforty bicycle flood the driveway . ext. back yard the biggest game of red-rover you have ever see . every kid in the neighborhood have join in . fifty kid range in age from 8 to 14 form a straight line , join hand and face off against thecompetition . down to we four twelve year old girl who stand hold hand . they be alldrress similarly in roll up cut off page 11 short , various color shirt tie up at the waist and flip flop sandal . samantha , the tallest of the group be lanky , have long , straight hair and wear glass . chrissyis a little chubby and a lot pristine . her hair be in pig-tail and she only wear pink . roberta isa tomboy who would almost always rather be play softball . Tina be the smallest of the four , henceher nickname , teeny . they huddle and decide who to call over . samantha how about billy Wayne ? roberta the book worm ? samantha I think he 's cute . roberta what about Bobby fricker ? chrissy Gross . he 's always pick he nose ... and eat he booger . roberta so what , he 's a wimp . teeny I say we call over brett Jones . the girl all look over at -- Brent Jones -- a hunk of a guy who 's a year ahead of they in school . teeny this could be my last chance to talk to he all summer . samantha he could break through without even try . teeny ( hopeful ) and land right on top of I . chrissy can you get you mind off boy for maybe a minute ? teeny gee I do not know . I have never tired . page 12 roberta knock it off you guy . who 's it gonna be ? samantha take charge and look over they opponent . samantha Bobby fricker . they form a straight line and lock hand . samantha announce the decision . samantha Red rover , red rover send Bobby fricker right over . the oppose team moan and groan . Bobby fricker - a little geek - pull he finger out of hisnose . he take a deep breath and charge toward the girl as he teammate cheer he on . the girl 's eye widen as Bobby pick up speed . roberta booger alert ! slam ! Bobby plow between samantha and teeny . they grip-lock hand . Bobby push forwardbut do not break the chain . he fall back on he ass and all four girl stand united . ext. gaslight Addition - night a near full moon shine bright . the gas lamp post in the neighborhood flame . int . samantha 's bedroom - night lit by moonlight . numerous bookshelve be fill with fiction and non-fiction all pertain toghost , witch , vampire and various other supernatural gobling . a poster of barnabus Collins , from " Dark shadows " fame , hang over the bed . samantha read " the fall of the House of usher " under the beam of a flashlight . we hearher parent talk . a door slam ! engross in she book samantha 's not phase . Mrs. albertson ( o.s. ) Ted please . the quarrel escalate , as do the volume of they voice . page 13 Mr. albertson ( o.s. ) please what ? Mrs. albertson ( o.s. ) everybody have problem . can not we try and work this out ? another door slam . they argument continue , behind close door . samantha look up from herbook . Angela , she four year old sister , stand at the foot of samantha 's bed . puppy dog eye . samantha okay . Angela smile , climb into the bed and snuggle next to she sister . samantha turn the page ofher book and read on . samantha ( v.o. ) my parent have be fight for as long as I could remember . it never bother I . it be theopposite actually . there 's comfort in consistency . ext. gaslight Addition - Morning father leave for work . mother wave goodbye . int. roberta 's bedroom - Morning roberta , alone in she room , rip a piece of mask tape from the roll and stick it to she dresser . Close on : ten long piece of mask tape affix to the dresser . next to they , a small , blackand white photo propped up against the mirror . the woman in the picture be incredibly beautiful . roberta , wear she bra and panty , stand sideways in front of she mirror . she assess herbreast size with a measure tape , mark the spot with she finger and look at she progress . frustration . roberta ( discourage ) no matter what I do , they just keep get bigger . roberta flatten she boob and wrap a piece of mask tape around she chest . then another , as she continue what have become she morning routine . a knock on the door . page 14 Mr. Martin ( o.s. ) better hurry up . you breakfast 's get cold . roberta hurry to get dress . she pull a baggy shirt from underneath the big golden retrieverthat sit on she bed . samanth ( v.o. ) roberta grow up with she dad and 3 older brother . her mother die when she be four . that 'sher in the picture . roberta grab the photo from she dresser and gently slide it in she back pocket . samantha ( v.o. ) roberta never leave the house without that picture . roberta open she bedroom door just as two of she brother shove she third brother across thehallway . he slam into roberta , who unfaze , shove he back toward the other . she continuesdown the hall , without concern , as the boy beat the hell out of each other . int . teeny 's bedroom - Morning the wall be cover with movie star poster . a blend of current " Tiger beat " stud - davidcassidy and Bobby sherman mix in with the great - Marilyn Monroe and James Dean . teeny ( o.s. ) Tina , tell we how it feel at the exact moment when you realize you have win . teeny , modeling heavy make - up , she mother 's most glamorous dress and a huge pair of fakebreast , stand in front of the mirror and interview herself . teeny well rona , I can only say I have think about this day .... dream about this day , for as long as ican remember , her siamese cat lie on the window ledge and curiously watch he master . teeny to win a Academy Award at such a young age be a enormous accomplishment . page 15 teeny ( cont . ) where will you go from here ? well , first off rona , thank you . as for what will come next , I would like to direct . samantha ( v.o. ) teeny be a only child . her parent be country clubber . never around , really . a typical upbringing for actor and pathological liar . int. chrissy 's bedroom - Morning pink , for as far as the eye can see . a canopy bed with a match dresser and vanity , which iswhere we find chrissy , brush she curly blond lock . chrissy ninety two ( another stroke ) ninety three . chrissy 's mother ( o.s. ) chrissy ? the bedroom door open and Mrs. dewitt enter . chrissy be a miniature version of she mom , downto they match pink outfit . she inspect she daughter 's room . spotless . wrong . she walk acrossthe room and straighten a small crinkle in the bed spread . chrissy ( still brush ) ninety eight , ninety nine , one hundred . Mrs. dewitt sit next to chrissy . part she daughter 's hair and braid the tighest pig tail in moviehistory . Mrs. dewitt chrissy , I have be think about what you ask I ? chrissy about sex ? Mrs. dewitt tense and pull the pig tail even tighter . Mrs. dewitt you say that word so casually . it scare I . page 16 chrissy I be sorry mommy . Mrs. dewitt I think you be much too young to be inform . but , since you friend be trash mouth , I would ratheryou hear the fact from I . Mrs dewitt ponder how to break the news of the " dirty deed " to she daughter . Mrs. dewitt this may come as a shock to you ... chrissy stare up at she mommy , wait to hear the fact of life . samantha ( v.o ) as a direct result of this conversation , chrissy will spend a significant part of she adult lifewonder if she 's ever have a orgasm . ext. gaslight Addition - late Morning samantha , teeny and roberta wait for chrissy . they sit on the street curb in front of she house . to kill time , roberta throw rock at a nearby aluminum trash can . samantha read she poepaperback and teeny pluck the petal off of a wild flower . teeny ( while pluck ) he love I not . he love I ... ( distraught ) he love I not . she toss the bare stem on the grounmd , next to ten other stem and a pile of petal . samanthaturn the page of she book and glance up for a second , notice teeny 's large roundbreast of the day . samantha what be you use today ? teeny reach into she shirt and pull out -- teeny nerf ball . I think they work well . she stuff it back in and stick out she chest . teeny do not you ? page 17 samantha really give she chest a serious look . samantha it 's a natural look . texture wise I mean . roberta dispassionately look at teeny 's chest . roberta they be too round . the older mail man . Mr. Winchester , head up the sidewalk , toward the girl . teeny hey mister Winchester , do my package come yet ? he reach into he bag . Mr. Winchester be this what you have be wait for ? he hand she a package and she read the label . as she rip open the box : teeny ( excited ) it 's from the David cassidy fan club . she pull out a Love bead necklace . teeny be not it cool ? Mr. Winchester very cool . he move on . teeny put on the neckless and model it for samantha and roberta . teeny well ? samantha it look just like the one he wear on the partridge family . four rambunctious boy , range from eight to thirteen year old , tear down the street on theirbicycle . samantha ( v.o. ) that be the wormer . everyone in the neighborhood feel sorry for they mother . page 18 samantha ( cont . ) like we , the wormer ' also have a summer goal . it be to make we life miserable . they be theenemy . teeny spot the tough guy first . teeny here come trouble . samantha just ignore ' they chrissy walk out of she house and approach she friend . teeny it 's about time . roberta stand roberta ( taunting ) hey , wormy wormer . just then , the wormer weave across the road and head straight for the girl . the oldest , Scott , lead the pack . Scott now . simulyaneously , Scott and he three yound=ger brother , Roger , clay and Eric , pull jello- filledballoon from under they jacket . roberta Air raid ! the girl try to run , but it 's too late . Roger bomb away . chrissy scream as splat ! the girl be drench in lime jello . the wormer ride on . roberta runsafter they . she dive for Scott 's bike but miss , landing face first on the pavement . she quicklyget up and ignore she scuff knee . roberta we owe you wormer . and we always pay we debt . Scott look back over he shoulder . Scott like we be really afraid of a bunch of girl . page 19 roberta you should be ! she flip they the bird as the wormer ride out of sight . ext. Shelby - Day it 's small town America at it most charming . the town square be line with mom and pop shop , own by generation of the same family . in the center of the town square stand the oldbrick county courthouse . on the courthouse lawn , bronze statue remember local war heros fromthe " heart of America " . and as always , the local soda shop be bustling with activity . int . soda shop this corner drug store and soda fountain be the hang out . " piece of my heart " by Janis joplinplay on the juke box . samantha , teeny , chrissy and roberta sit at they regular table , a big red vinyl booth , scootedup next to the front pane - glass window . as usual , they be dress in they summer uniform ofcut - off and tie up shirt . chrissy count a pile of change and dollar bill as teeny conduct thelatest " cosmo " magazine quiz and keep score . teeny you idea of foreplay be " a " a candle light dinner and moonlit walk on the beach ? " B " make out ona bearskin rug at a local mountain cabin ? " C " watch a sexy movie and or " D " all of the above . teeny jot down they answer as they speak up : samantha B roberta e... none of the above . teeny that 's not a possible answer . roberta ( sigh ) then b.... I guess . page 20 chrissy ( while count ) definitely A. teeny surprise surprise . chrissy what 's that suppose to mean , bug brain ? teeny nothing ... ( ponder she insult ) ... larva lip . roberta larva lip ... I like that . not bad at all .... for a mucus mouth . samantha you be all ... fece face . the girl groan . samantha win a unspoken victory of grossness . teeny I pick d... all of the above . chrissy surprise surprise . teeny notice a group of four teenage girl at the counter . they be all wear tube top and look very adult . teeny ( envious ) maybe we should incorporate tube top into we summer look . roberta forget it . teeny quietly relent and tally up they " cosmo " score . chrissy that 's eighty two dollar and twenty four cent . she pour the money back into a coffee can . samantha so how much more do we need ? as she flatten a piece of paper out on the table . page 21 chrissy twenty three more dollar and the tree house be ours . Close on : Paper - a page tear out of the sear catalogue . a ad for a put-it-together - yourselftree house . back to scene teeny I say the first night we get it , we have a slumber party . samantha definitely . roberta my dad say he will pay we fifteen buck if we paint he new garage door . samantha great . we can handle it after the carnival . chrissy we will raise at least fifteen dollar there . samantha and the garage door should put we over the top . we will definitely get the tree house before the fourth of July . roberta glance out the window and nudge samantha . roberta ( impressed ) get a load of you mom . everyone look . chrissy ( shocked ) how short be that short ? teeny ( with envy ) how tall be that boot ? cue up : Nancy Sinatra 's " boot " as -- girl pov. - samantha 's mother strut down the sidewalk , wear red hot pants and white go - go boot . samantha ( v.o. ) I have no idea why , but earlier that summer , my mom begin to dress like Nancy Sinatra . page 22 back to scene teeny you mom be so cool . samantha , embarrassed , change the subject . samantha you guy it 's a full moon tonight . a festival of the spirit who return to earth and walk amongthe live . just then , they spooky look waitress , wiladine , bring they order , wearing all black , she 's aneccentric kook , with a far away look in she eye . she set down four mug , each fill with a scoopof vanilla ice cream , and four small bottle of coca cola in front of the girl . wiladine four black cow . that 's a dollar five , boy . they dig into they pocket and hand over the change . chrissy we be girl . wiladine I know . the girl pour they coca colas over they ice cream and dig in . outside the window : unbeknownst to the girl , samanth 's mom enter a Attorney 's office . wiladine wink at chrissy and walk away . chrissy she be so off . teeny what do you expect ? she 's a witch . the girl do not believe a word teeny say . teeny I swear . she 's get voo doo doll and everything . I see them . samantha where ? teeny at she house . and hear this . one of the doll look just like principal page 23 winter . and do you know what ? there be a needle stick right in the middle of he heart . I see it the morning before he have he heart attack . wiladine return with they change . they can not help but look at she like she 's from Mars . shegive they a creepy look right back . samantha so , do we try another seance tonight ? chrissy it do not work last time and it will not work this time . samantha I be tell you . this be the one night when the barrier between the dead and the live can bebroken . I read it in the encyclopedia of Supernatural phenomena . it will work . I promise . teeny you actually read the encylopedia of supernatual phenomena ? samantha cover to cover . chrissy you be so weird . teeny I be in . roberta I too . chrissy if I get catch I be go to be ground for the rest of the summer . samantha you be not go to get catch . I say we meet in the cemetery at eleven and do not worry . i'llbring a cross to protect we from the evil demon who lurk about in the graveyard . page 24 teeny okay , here be the score . ( read from " cosmo " ) roberta , you be a woman on the verge . although you sensuality be yet to be tapped , it be likea volcano ready to erupt ... whoa , look out for roberta . roberta that 's crap . teeny ( read ) samantha , you look before you leap and walk the fine line between romanticism and sex appeal . do not be afraid to take the plunge . you might surprise yourself . samantha I will keep that in mind . teeny ( read ) chrissy , let go of you inhibition before you dry up like a prune . chrissy what 's that suppose to mean ? the other exchange a look and share a laugh at chrissy 's expense . teeny now me.t ( read ) teeny , you be a sexual magnet attract man from the four corner of the world . Pace yourself . she lower the magazine , revealing a shit eat grin on she face . ext. gaslight Addition - night the gaslight Addition sleep . a deep -orange , full moon hang low in the sky . a orchestra ofcricket be all we hear . int . samantha 's bedroom - night samantha lie in bed and read by the light of she flashlight . again , we hear she parent arguingbehind close door . samantha turn the page of she book . we hear a door swing open . footstep page 25 in the hall . Mr albertson ( o.s. ) I will get the rest when the girl be out of the house . samantha look up from she book . listen . Mrs. albertson ( o.s. ) maybe we should see a counselor . Mr. albertson ( o.s. ) do not you listen ? we be past that point . this just be not work for I . muffled talk as they move away from samanth 's bedroom door . samantha jump out of bedand try to listen at the door , but can not make out what they be say . we realize she 's fully dressedto sneak out . we hear a car door slam and a engine crank . samantha move to the windowand part the curtain . samanth 's Pov - Mr albertson , middle american nice guy , back he middle class car out of thedrive way . back to scene samantha wave to he , but he obviously do not see she . stun and clearly disturb , samantha watch until he drive out of sight . we hear maternal footstep approach . notwant to deal with she mother , samantha dive into bed and pull on the cover . Mrs. albertson stand in the doorway . with a worried mother 's look on she face , she study hersleep daughter . finally , she leave and close the door . samantha open she eye . she look at the clock on she nightstand , which read -- 10:50 . assamantha climb out of bed , slide open she bedroom window and very quietly sneak out : samantha ( v.o. ) I decide not to tell the other about my father . call I a fool , but I actually think he would beback . a wishful notion I hold onto for year . at the time no one in the gaslight Addition hasgotten a divorce and the last thing I want be to be different from my friend . page 26 ext. Cemetery - night the full moon hang over this dark and eerie final rest place . crypt be seal with overgrown vine . headstone , some chisele in the 1800' be wear andweeather . scatter leave dance in the wind and massive oak tree seem to have face in thelight and could come to life at any moment . samantha , roberta , chrissy and teeny sit on a blanket , in the middle of a fence - off , familyplot . arrange in a cirlce , they take this seance business very seriously . samantha place threewhite candle in the center of the circle and light they , one by one . the candle flame andcast a flicker glow on the girl 's face . chrissy I be cold . roberta remove she sweatshirt and toss it to chrissy . roberta now I will be cold , but maybe you will shut up . chrissy slip it on . it fit snugly . she look chubbier than usual and she know it . chrissy it make I look fat . teeny ( matter of fact ) you be fat . chrissy I be not fat . be I fat ? samantha okay people . Lay you hand flat on the blanket and touch you pinkie and thumb to theperson 's sit next to you . they comply and spread they hand out on the blanket , form a complete circle . teeny let 's contact Marilyn Monroe . roberta she do not cooperate last time . chrissy no one cooperate . page 27 samantha I think we should bring back someone bury in the cemetery . ( as she look around the area ) howabout dear johnny ? Close on : a nearby tombstone . the inscription read : Rest in peace dear johnny . bear 1933 - died1945 . samantha let 's find out how he die . teeny maybe he be skinned alive by some weirdo psycho killer ? if we bring he back we will have to lookat he skinless body . chrissy that 's disgusting . roberta no , this be disgusting . she turn away from the group . her face hide . when she turn back towards they , she eyelidsare flip inside out . although they have see this a hundred time , the gag still repulse herfriend . they groan . samantha ( to roberta ) be you through now ? roberta yeah , she pop she eyelip back into place . samantha be everyone ready ? ( as they join hand ) alright , everyone close you eye . ( as they comply ) bless we in we pursuit of the spirit world . keep we circle safe from that who promoteevil and seek to harm . a moment of silence . samantha dear johnny , we know you be just a kid when you die and we want to find out why . page 28 teeny I be heeeeeere . roberta elbow she . teeny ouch . samantha concentrate . a strong wind blow and dead leave tumble across the cemetery . lightn flicker in the distancea a summer storm head they way . samantha can you hear we johnny ? if you can hear I , let we know . give we a sign , it 's okay . we just wantto talk to you . tell we how you die . distant Thunder as the storm blow nearer . chrissy ( scared ) he 's here . teeny , roberta and samantha open they eye and look at chrissy . she 's not the type to put theseguys on . chrissy 's eye remain tightly shut . she rock back and forth , rhythmically . chrissy he want to tell we he story . samantha chrissy ? roberta break the circle . roberta let 's stop . samantha grab roberta 's hand back . chrissy he 's afraid . samantha tell he not to be scared . it 's okay . chrissy he 's all by himself . he 's lonely . he need a friend . page 29 chrissy cry as the sky thunder . roberta and teeny simultaneously break the circle , scared . roberta Holy shit . chrissy 's cry turn into the giggle . chrissy gotcha . roberta , piss , punch chrissy in the arm . chrissy hey , that hurt . roberta you deserve it , fart ass . samantha do not ever do that again . chissy I be sorry , but you guy be so gullible when it come to the this stuff . I mean , it 's all justpretend . right ? crack ! a deafen explosion electrify the sky as a bolt of lightning hit , a nearby tree . thegirl scream . roberta let 's get outta here ! they all take off except for -- samantha I be right behind you . rain sprinkle down as samantha gather the candle and toss they into a back pack . a eerieso play and suddenly very cold , samantha shiver . she feel someone 's presence and startle , turn around quickly . a bolt of lightning flash and illuminate a scary shadow . spook , samanthaquickly hurry after she friend . samantha hey , wait up . when she reach they : samantha ( out of breath ) there 's someone out there . they all turn back and look . page 30 samantha ( point ) over there . another bolt of lightning illuminate the grounds but the shadow be go . chrissy I do not see anyone . samantha 's eye search the spot and she no longer see anyone either . chrissy what be we wait for ? teeny it be probably just the wind or something . samantha reluctantly relent . samantha yeah , maybe . ext. Cemetery Road - moment later the rain subside and the gang walk home . chrissy take great care in avoid every waterpuddle in she path . roberta intentionally jump into every water puddle in she path . chrissy roberta , why can not you act like a girl ? roberta you get I . roberta defiantly jump into another puddle , send a few spot of mud splash onto chrissy'sshirt . chrissy gasp . chrissy now , look what you have do . roberta what ? chrissy frantically attempt to scratch off the spot . chrissy you know how much I hate to get dirty . roberta look at the minimal damage . page 31 roberta ah , that 's nothin' . as they turn the corner everyone stop , freeze in they track . we hear a high pitch , rhythmicsqueak ... squeak . samantha ( whipser ) it 's crazy Pete . the girl forget to breathe when they finally see -- crazy Pete , a very scary look old man who ride a batter bicycle down the street . hisface draw and remarkably thin . he look like a human skeleton . crazy Pete do n'tnotice the girl and that 's just how they want to keep it . after he turn the corner and ridesthe squeaking bicycle out of sight -- the girl breathe a sigh of reief . we realize they be genuinely afraid of this man . samantha let 's cut through the field . ext. field - moment later lit by the blue glow of a bright full moon , the girl walk through a field of waist highgrass . roberta why do you think crazy Pete only come out at night ? chrissy ( a simple explanation ) because he 's crazy . samantha maybe he 's a vampire . the girl all look to samantha . samantha ( with eloquence ) he life in a world of darkness because the sunlight could burn a hole right through to hisimmortal soul . the blood that run through he vein be the blood of all the child he 'ssucked the life out of . Young blood be what he 's look for . it keep he eternal . the girl exchange a frighten look . teeny consider it : page 32 teeny that 's a logical explanation . they all pick up the pace and walk out of the field , find themselves on the back sideof the -- ext. gaslight Addition before they go they seperate way : chrissy will someone walk I home ? samantha you be only five house down . chrissy but I be scared of crazy Pete . teeny he 's probably half way across town by now . chrissy know roberta 's she last chance . she look at she with plead eye . chrissy pleeeeeese . roberta alright . teeny see you guy tomorrow . samantha early , so we can get ready for the carnival . they split up . roberta walk with chrissy . samantha head to she house and teeny walksalone towards hers . ext. chrissy 's house - noon a colorful bouquet of ballon be tie to the gas lamp post , in the front yard . ext. back yard page 33 more ballon , chrissy charge the neighborhood kid a nickel each as they walk through theside gate . roberta man the lemonade stand for another nickel a pop . cue up : " come and get you Love " by redbone as we pan over to where most of the actionis -- teeny charge a quarter a pop in the kissing booth . her boob be exceptionally hugetoday . a long line of boy wait they turn as the first boy in line hand teeny a quarter . shedrop the money into a jar , grab the boy by the collar and plant a kiss on he . he walksaway with a big grin on he face . teeny look down and notice she right boob-of - the - day have slip down to she waist . she quicklyturn away from the line and pull it back into place . she turn back to the boy and -- teeny next . another boy hand teeny a quarter and get he money 's worth when she deliver a linger kiss . several boy in line , include brett Jones ( the cute boy from red rover ) start to get antsy asthey wait they turn . another angle - with a king size sheet drape over it , the swing set have become a gypsy fortuneteller 's tent . the sign outside read : fortune tell 25 cent . int . tent samantha , towel wrap around she head like a turban , sit at a small table . Morton , a nerdy kid , sit across from she and hand over a quarter . they stare into a crystal ball as samantha caressesit lightly . samantha Morton , I see a girl in you future . Morton who be it ? samantha I probably should not say . why tempt fate ? Morton come on samantha . who be it ? samantha well , if you insist . it 's chrissy . Morton chrissy dewitt ? really ? page 34 ahhhhhhhhh ! a horrifying scream emanate from outside the tent . Morton jump up and knocksover the table . ext. backyard samantha pop out of the tent and survey the scene as kid run for cover as the automaticsprinkler system spray water across the yard . chrissy be shove aside as kid run past she . teeny , now kissing brett Jones , be drench by the water but do not break away from he . roberta spot the wormer , huddle next to the sprinkler switch , appreciate the laugh . scottwave to she . Scott hi roberta . roberta you be dead , wormer ! she take off toward he , but slip and fall . Scott ouch . teeny , still entrance in she lip lock with brett , do not bother to come up for air . int. samantha 's Kitchen - even dinner time . samantha eat meat loaf with she mother and sister . she glance at she father ' sempty chair . Angela catch the look . Angela where 's my daddy ? Mrs. albertson I tell you honey , he have to go away for a little while , but you can visit he soon . samantha ( sarcastic ) every other weekend and holiday ? Mrs. albertson give samantha a look . Angela but I want to see he now . Mrs. albertson I wish you could honey , but you can not . page 35 she stand and clear the table . Angela , too youg to remotely understand the situation , lookssad . samantha attempt to cheer she . samantha ( to Angela ) hey , Angela I see crazy Pete yesterday . a frighten and curious look come over Angela 's face . Mrs. albertson you kid leave that lonely old man alone . do you hear I ? samantha look at she mother , who wear another hot pants outfit . samantha why be you dress like that , anyway ? Mrs. albertson like what ? samantha like ...... that . it 's embarrassing . Mrs. albertson look down at she outfit as samantha get up from the table and stomp out ofthe room . we hear she bedroom door slam . int . samantha 's bedroom - late night tick tock tick tock tick tock . the wind up , alarm clock read 12 o'clock . Midnight . samantha stir , endure a restless sleep . the familiar eerie music play in the distance . it grow louder , nearer . build to a crescendo as thebedroom curtain billow and a gust of wind burt into the room . her telescope swivel . samantha shiver in she sleep as the room suddenly get cold . her gerbil 's go crazy in they habitrail . they run around like mad , screeching and squealing . samantha stir then open she eye to find -- spooky shadows dance on the wall . a giant shadowresembling a ghostly silhouette move across the room toward samantha . it seem to hoverover she . samantha pull the cover up to she face , leave only she frighten eye to peek out . finally , the music fade away as the wind die down and the curtain fall still . samantha cautiously climb out of bed and walk to the window . she page 36 reach up and yank on a string affix to the window sill . ext. samanth 's house we follow the string up to a tree , across to a light pole then down to a house . ext. roberta 's bedroom ding , ding . roberta wake at the sound of the bell . she groggily climb out of bed . she opensher bedroom window and tug on the string , signal she get the message . int . teeny 's bedroom - moment later teeny lie asleep in she bed . a circle of light shine on she face . it turn off and on . it 'scome in through the window . she immediately grab a flashligh from under she bedand hurry to she bedroom window . int . roberta 's bedroom roberta shine she flashlight into teeny 's room . across she backyard we see the beam of teeny 's flashlight return the signal . int . teeny 's bedroom teeny grab a walk talkie from she nightstand and talk into it . teeny base to chrissy . base to chrissy . int . chrissy 's bedroom chrissy stir in she sleep as she hear the walkie talkie on she nightstand blare : page 37 teeny ( over walkie talkie ) base to chrissy , do you copy ? over ? chrissy grab she receiver . chrissy ( into the walkie talkie ) what ? teeny we need a secret meeting chrissy now ? ext. drive in - moment later the secret meeting place . behind the gaslight Addition . we find the skyline drive - in . Prime . youdo not see this anymore . it 's two in the morning and the place be abandon for the night . the girl , in they pajamas and robe be silhouett against the giant white screen as theywalk back and forth on the wooden plank at its base . samantha remember , I think I see someone in the cemetery the night of the seance ? teeny yeah . samantha well , I be not sure until tonight , when it come into my bedroom . teeny who ? samantha dear johnny . chrissy give I a break . samantha ( hook they ) it be not like he be a person , but I feel he presense . he come in through the window andinstantly fill the room . he be everywhere all at once . page 38 a chill run up she spine . samantha I could feel he icy breath on my neck . they all look at she , be reele in by she persuasive tone . teeny it 's he . it have to be . chrissy oh , come on you guy , this be ridiculous . roberta why ? chrissy because , the seances be just for fun . none of we actually believe we could bring someoneback from the dead . teeny I do . chrissy why be I not surprised ? you think Marilyn Monroe 's you guardian angel . teeny she be , so shut up bacteria breath . chrissy you shut up , butt brain . roberta I believe too . chrissy ( convincing herself ) it be lightning . or the wind or something . roberta they why do you haul ass out of the cemetery like you would see a ghost . samantha we have to go back there . chrissy ( hopeful ) tomorrow right ? page 39 ext. Cemetery - later that night wrong . samantha shine the way with she flashlight as the girl walk through the cemetery . it 's late . it 's scary . chrissy ( worried ) we should not be out here this late . I mean , what do you expect to find ? samantha I think dear johnny might feel more comfortable hang out here with the dead . chrissy ( more worried ) I really do not think this be a good idea . a hoot owl bellow and the girl slow they pace , continually look around , as if they expectthe boogie man to jump out from behind a tombstone at any minute . chrissy this be definitely a bad idea . everyone 's nervous and chrissy be make it worse . roberta shut up chrissy . you be bugging the shit out of I right now . teeny ditto samantha ( scared but excited ) we be almost there . they move onward until samantha trip over something lie on the ground . she land flat onher face , in the dark . samantha what the -- teeny pick up the flashlight and shine it down on samantha , who 's face be right next to -- dear johnny 's tombstone which be lay flat on the ground , crack down the middle . samantha , startle by the sight , quickly climb to she foot and they all stare down at dearjohnny 's grave . roberta Son of a bitch . page 40 teeny we do it . we actually friggin ' do it . samantha he 's back ... and we bring he here . we hear a enormous whoosh as the hoot owl swoops down over they head . chrissy screamsand on she cue they all take off run . int. roberta 's bedroom - later roberta pull a rosary out of she dresser and hang it on the bed post before call it a night . int . teeny 's bedroom teeny lay in bed and look , nervously , around she room . her closet door be open and herclothes look like people , lurking in the dark . teeny hop out of bed and slam the closetdoor shut . int . chrissy 's bedroom chrissy turn off the light and slip into bed . a moment later , she turn the light backon , crawl out of bed and onto the floor . she cautiously lift she comforter and peeksunder the bed . all clear . chrissy climb back into bed but this time , she leave thelight on . for someone who do not believe in ghost , she 's sure get the spook . int . samantha bedroom samantha lay in bed and watch the silhouett shadow dance on she wall . she pullsthe cover up over she head . ext. Shelby Library - late Morning teeny , roberta and chrissy sit on the library step , eat orange push up . samantha existsthe library . samantha there 's nothing on dear johnny . page 41 as teeny hand samantha she push up : samantha everything before nineteen forty eight be lose in a fire , but miss Wendy say the Greenfield library keep copy of all the county papers . chrissy well , that settles that . samantha what settles what ? chrissy we can not ride we bike all the way to Greenfield ( dread the response ) can we ? country Road - late Morning a desert , country lane , line with large maple tree on both side . the girl ride they bike down the center of the road and pass a sign - Greenfield 9 mile . as they cruise along , teeny belt out with a unique diana Ross flair , she rendition of " ai not no Mountain High enough . " teeny and if you should miss my lovin ' one of that old day . if you should ever miss the arm that use to hold you so close . or the lip that use to touch yours so tenderly . just remember what I tell you the day I set you free . samantha bring it home , sister . teeny ( give it she all ) ai not no mountain high enough . ow ! ai not no valley low enough . ow ! no river wide enough . nothin ' can keep I . keep I from yoooou .... the ride over a hill and out of sight . teeny 's croon voice drift off into the horizon . ext. Pond Road - later the girl ride past a clear country pond . page 42 ext. uncle bean corner store - noon a general store five mile from anywhere . four bike be park in front . a nearby road sign : Greenfield 5 mile . samantha dump change into a soda machine and grab four bottle of pop . lunchtime . chrissy , teeny and roberta sit at a picnic table and unpack a knapsack . Sandwiches , candy bar and chip . chrissy chow down . teeny Truth or dare roberta ? samantha approach and hand out the soda . roberta Truth . teeny how big be you boob now ? roberta Drop Dead . samantha give chrissy the change and she quickly count it then deposit it back into the " tree house money " coffee can . everyone eat . teeny she have to say , do not she Sam ? samantha exchange glance with roberta , who be embarrassed , look down at the table . it 's apparent the boob thing be a real issue with she . samantha she do not have to say if she do not want to . teeny well , then ... can we see them ? roberta no , you can not see they . chrissy weirdo . page 43 teeny ( confess ) I do not have any real one 's yet . roberta you will get they and you will hate they . teeny you be lucky roberta . Men love them when they be big . teeny stick she chest out , modeling today 's falsie job . teeny look how big mine be today . they all survey she breast . samantha ( impressed ) they almost look real . teeny proudly reach into she shirt and pull out a balloon . teeny it 's fill with pudding ? samantha pudd ? teeny the wormer actually give I the idea , but jello be too jiggly . pudd have a heavier more realistic texture . she hand the balloon to samantha who hold it in she hand testing its weight . samantha I think you may have finally get it . she hand the balloon back and teeny stuff it back into she brazier . chrissy what flavor be it ? teeny vanilla chrissy nod , think it 's a good flavor choice . teeny chrissy , truth or dare ? page 44 chrissy I do not want to play . roberta Truth or dare ? chrissy ( reluctantly yield ) Truth . teeny have you ever be french kiss ? chrissy be you kid ? I do not want to get pregnant . roberta you can not get pregnant from kissing . chrissy I know that beetle brain . but , it 's common knowledge , if you tongue kiss a boy , he automatically think you will do the deed with he . it 's the male curse . roberta the deed ? samantha ( egging she on ) what deed would that be ? chrissy you know . plant the seed and water the flower . teeny what flower ? chrissy the flower a woman grow when she 's about to make a baby with she husband . they give she a confuse look . chrissy be not that how it work ? the man use he water can and sprinkle it on the flower ? laughter from the other . page 45 chrissy well , if that 's not what happen then how do it work ? roberta lean over and whisper to chrissy . as she listen intently she eye go wide and a horrify look come across chrissy 's face . chrissy ( disbelief and shock ) he stick it in ? ext. country Road - afternoon the girl continue they journey as they listen to a transistor radio tie to teeny 's handlebar . tony Orlando and Dawn 's knock Three Times " play . all oh my darlin' knock Three Times on the ceiling if you want I . twice on the pipe -- ( chrissy ding she bike bell twice ) -- if the answer be noooo . in the distance , a squawk sound grow louder . samantha stop she bike . samantha listen . ( as everyone brake ) turn that off . teeny switch off the radio and we be overwhelm by the sound of a thousand scream bird . roberta where be they ? samantha in there . across the road , a wheat field stretch for as far as the eye can see . the stalk be waist high . no bird be visible but the sound be incredibly loud . teeny there must be a thousand of they . she climb off she bike , pick up a stick and toss it into -- samantha do not . page 46 too late . the stick go fly . as it land in the wheat field , a hundred blackbird flap they wing and take flight . the sky become a move black cloud . the girl watch in amazement until -- plop . Bird poop land on teeny 's bicycle seat and roberta laugh . plop plop plop . it 's everywhere and suddenly not so funny . samantha let 's get out of here ! teeny jump on she bike and they all tear down the road , away from the move black cloud . the squawk 's almost unbearable as it rain bird shit . chrissy freak out . when she realise she 'sbeen hit , she burst into tear . chrissy grooooooss ! she lose it as they all ride toward a old barn . int . barn they enter the barn and wait for the flock to pass over they . chrissy , completely repulse , sob hysterically . roberta chrissy it 's okay . it 's only bird shit . chrissy calm herself and stop cry for a moment . then she look down at she dirty clothes and go nut again . samantha Real smart , teeny teeny I do not know . samantha next time think . you do not always have to be the center of attention , you know ? teeny look at the ground , rejection wave heavily on she . teeny I be sorry . ext. barn - moment later the bird pass over and out of sight . samantha watch as they fly away . page 47 samantha they be go . ext. Pond - moment teeny and samantha , fully dress , stand on a small cliff . below they a sparkling . fresh water stream . samantha jump . teeny follow . splash ! they dive into the water , pop they head up and stand , the water up to they waist . teeny be you still mad at I ? samantha ponder the question then smile . samantha teeny , even if I try , I can not stay mad at you . teeny 's all smile . she splashes samantha . samantha return the favor . chrissy ( o.s. ) wooooooooooooooooooo! chrissy slide down the hill on she butt . ouch . she land in the water with a splash . samantha and teeny applaud as chrissy pop she head up . she stand in the water and take a bow . roberta ( o.s. ) lookout beloooow ! the girl look up to see -- roberta stand on a tall tree branch , hang over the water . it 's a twenty foot dive into waist high water . samantha roberta do not . it 's too shallow . roberta bomb away . she dive off the branch and disappear into the water . the girl watch for she to come up for air , but she do not pop out of the water . samantha where be she ? page 48 teeny dive under the water . chrissy panic . chrissy roberta ? samantha dive under as teeny come up for air . chrissy 's Pov . - down stream , roberta float toward the shoreline , she face in the water . chrissy no ! teeny grab samantha and they swim as fast as they can toward roberta . chrissy follow , but as always lag way behind . teeny and samantha grab roberta , drag she out of the water and onto the shore . samantha put she ear to roberta 's mouth . samantha she 's not breathe . teeny somebody 's gotta give she mouth to mouth . samantha I will do cpr . you do mouth to mouth . teeny other way around . chrissy finally reach they . chrissy out of the way . she take charge and shove samantha and teeny aside . when she bend down to start mouth to mouth resuscitation -- squirt . roberta spit a mouth full of water into she face . roberta I be touch . she be fake the entire time . everyone fall back , relieved . roberta ( to samantha and teeny ) it 's good to know who you true friend be . teeny hey , I be gonna do it . samantha I too . page 49 roberta yeah , right . roberta swing she arm around chrissy . roberta chrissy here 's the only one who -- chrissy draw she fist back and pow ! she sock roberta in the eye . chrissy do not you ever do anything like that again . ever ! they be all momentarily stunne . violence be not one of chrissy 's character trait . roberta it be just a joke . samantha ( v.o. ) that be not the first time roberta fake she own death . earlier that year , during a slumber party at teeny 's house , she hold she breath until she pass out . and the year before , she scared the hell out of we when she jump off she roof and pretend she break she neck . we hear a splash ! teeny what be that ? we hear voice and laughter come from around the river bend . samantha and teeny leave to check it out . roberta I be sorry . ( as chrissy pout ) look , if it mean anything , I really appreciate that you would have do the mouth to mouth thing . chrissy you scared I to death . roberta I be sorry . chrissy you be my best friend , roberta . it 's a moment . roberta smile , embarrassed . page 50 roberta ( make a fist ) helluva right hook you have get there . chrissy do not swear . teeny ( o.s. ) ( quietly ) you guy , come here . roberta and chrissy join samantha and teeny . they peak over the top of the ridge . chrissy gasp . Girls Pov . - the wormer skinny dip in the river . Buck naked , Scott climb out onto a tree branch and dive into the water . we see a lot of white butt as the brother roughhouse . back to scene the girl duck down behind the hill . teeny oh . my. God . I see he penis . samantha & roberta whose ? chrissy ( reprimand ) you guy . teeny and the ball . samantha & roberta whose ? teeny Scott 's . samantha and roberta peak back over the ledhe and stare wide eye at Scott 's penis . the duck back down behind the hill . samantha & roberta oh my God ! chrissy great , now I be the only one who have not see Scott 's thing . roberta so ? page 51 chrissy I know you guy . it will be the topic of conversation for the rest of the summer . you be force I to look . samantha nobody 's force you to do anything . chrissy okay , I will look . but , I want to make it clear . I be look under protest . teeny yeah , right . chrissy peak over the hill and stare with a blank look on she face that do not change . the other look at she curiously as she climb back down , unfaze . chrissy it 's not very big . the other girl bust up laugh . chrissy what 's so funny ? roberta it 's only big when the guy have a hard on . teeny and when that happen , they get like -- ( gesture two foot ) -- this big . samantha I walk in on my dad in the bathroom once . and I see he , you know , ball . well , let I tell you ... once guy get older , they hang down like cow utter . teeny and roberta Gross . chrissy what 's a hard on ? they all give she look . samantha do not you mother tell you anything ? chrissy ( distress ) I be beginning to think she 's be misinform . page 52 roberta 's gaze shift toward a pile of clothes hang in the bush across the way . roberta nudge samantha , who nudge teeny , who nudge chrissy . they all have the same idea andsmile simultaneously . roberta let 's do it . roberta sneak toward the wormer 's clothes . her friend follow suit . samantha get ready to make a mad dash for the bike . roberta ( to chrissy ) you better start now . chrissy buzz off hog head . roberta I be serious . get go . chrissy give in and head toward the cover bridge . teeny this be too easy . the stand at the edge of the cliff and call down to the boy . roberta hey , wormer . the boy look up . roberta it 's pay back time . roberta wave a pile of clothes . roberta come and get them sucker Scott you better put that down . roberta dream on , asshole ! cover they private , the wormer rip out of the water and make a mad dash for the girl . page 53 the girl run toward they bike , clothes in tow . the chase be on , across a meadow toward the barn . the girl reach they bike as a car approach . the wormer duck behind a assortment of tree and bush . Scott peek out from behind a tree , suddenly very vulnerable . Scott come on , joke over , huh ? roberta wrong ! the girl hop on they bike and start down the road . Roger give we we clothes , damn it . clay and Eric ( suddently sweet ) pleeeease chrissy come and get them nimrod . as the girl pedal toward the home stretch of they journey , they drop a item of clothing about every fifty foot . the wormer dart from tree to bush as they hide from pass car and gather they clothes . the girl hoot and holler , enjoy the show . roberta ( ecstatic ) all for one and one for all . they join hand and ride side by side down the road . ext. geenfield Library - late afternoon int. Library basement it 's dimly light and musty . the girl sit at a large table and flip through page of old newspaper headline , now hard bound for a quick reference . chrissy sneeze . page 54 chrissy I think I be allergic to dust . roberta slam shut a book . Dust scatter and chrissy sneeze again . chrissy thanks . roberta scoot the book aside . roberta nothing happen in April . teeny nothing ever happen in Shelby . chrissy I kind of like it that way . roberta stand and review the shelf of hard bound newspaper . samantha reach the end of she book and close it . samantha nothin ' ( to teeny ) what month be that ? teeny May . roberta bring a book back to the table , sit down and flip through the newspaper article . she stare at a article . angle on : a 1962 photo and headline ... local teacher kill . a large photo show a car smashed to hell . besides it , there 's a smaller photo . the same picture roberta carry in she back pocket . roberta read the article . chrissy notice she and watch the look on roberta 's face change from curious to pain . chrissy what 's wrong ? roberta it 's my mom . they all look at the newspaper . the picture say it all . it be a violent end . as roberta read : roberta it be a head on collision . the driver of the pick up truck fall asleep at the wheel . page 55 she be pin in the car for a hour and a half before they could get she out . she be fully conscious while rescue worker attempt she extraction from the demolish vehicle . she die during the night at Green County Hospital of massive head injury and severe internal bleed . roberta stare at the picture of the smashed car . she seem anguish and confuse . roberta I do not understand this . chrissy what do you mean ? she do not respond to chrissy 's question and continue to stare at the photo . roberta it must have be awful for she . ( imagine ) a lot of pain . teeny swallow hard , choke up . nobody know what to say . chrissy reach for roberta 's handand hold it in hers . roberta welcome she friend 's comfort . heavy tear fill roberta 's eye butshe fight they . roberta ( try not to cry ) she be really beautiful , be not she ? teeny like a movie star . suddenly embarrassed , roberta try to compose herself . she wipe she runny nose with she shirt sleeve then stand and carry the book across the room . she xerox a copy of the article . herfriend watch she , wishing they know what to say . roberta carefully fold the xerox and slip it into she pocket . she return to the table . everyone silently continue the search for dear johnny 's obituary . as they flip through page and page of old newspaper teeny quietly hum to herself . we make out the tune to be the carpenter , " Close to you " . without think , samantha join in the hum . soon after , chrissy hum along also . even roberta can not resist . samantha wait , I think I find something . page 56 teeny read it ... samantha ( read ) funeral service will be hold on Saturday for 12 year old Jonathan simm and he mother 36 year old beverly Anne simm . service begin at noon at the third street presbyterian Church . the grieve husband and father ask that in lieu of flower , donation be give to the church . due to the unexpected and tragic circumstance involve the death , the family have ask that the service remain private and ... samantha turn the page , look for more . samantha ( surprised ) that 's it . teeny what do you mean , that 's it . how do they die ? samantha flip a few page forward . samantha wait a minute . the book skip from June 12 to June 16th . four page be miss . samantha open the book as wide as possible , revealing -- samantha they have be tear out . ( reeling they in ) somebody have go to a lot of trouble to keep dear johnny 's death a mystery . ext. country Road - late afternoon the girl tackle the long ride home . roberta , still a little emotionally remove , lead the pack , a few yard ahead of the other . teeny I wonder how they die . page 57 samantha I think we need to be very cautious about who we talk about this with . chrissy why ? samantha because it 's entirely possible that whoever rip that page out of the library in Greenfield start the fire at the Shelby Library . the other silently agree . as the pedal through the roll countryside : samantha ( v.o. ) Shelby , Indiana be not the most exciting place to grow up . in fact , the most common cause of death before puberty be boredom . we quest for the tree house be all we have to look forward to that summer ... until we discover the suspicious lack of detail surround dear johnny 's death . it be like a gift from God . a mystery only we could solve . the four of we have no way of know the answer we be lookig for would change each one of we forever . ext. country Road - early even the girl continue they journey home as day become evening . they pass another sign - Shelby 2 mile . almost home . they slowly gain ground on a hitchhiker . he be private James conelly ( 19 ) , a Vietnam vet . still wear half he uniform , he back pack down the road , with a slight limp . teeny be the first to ride past he . teeny hi. conelly hi. she circle around and ride back to he . the other girl catch up . curious , they size up the vet as they head down the road together . he wear a earring , pony tail and a friendly smile . roberta be you in the army ? page 58 conelly be . samantha Vietnam ? conelly be . roberta do you kill anyone over there ? conelly not because I want to . teeny ( notice he limp ) do you get shot ? " mama tell I " by Three Dog night play come on teeny 's transistor radio . conelly good song . teeny study he face . he 's handsome . interesting . older , but not too old . teeny pull a Orange crush bottle out of she bicycle basket . teeny wanna sip ? conelly take the soda . conelly thanks . he swig then hand it back to she . roberta do you leg still hurt ? conelly like hell , but get shot be the best thing that ever happen to I . roberta what do you mean ? conelly it get I a seat on a plane home . samantha look at he with keen interest , wait to hear more . he offer no more , until she probe . page 59 samantha but we be win , right ? conelly nobody 's win . conelly sit down in the grass , pull out a cigarette and light it . he notice the girl watch he and offer over the pack . conelly smoke ? a moment . they realize he 's treat they like adult . samantha teeny roberta sure yeah I would love a smoke . the climb off they bicycle and join he in the grass . chrissy reluctantly follow . samantha take a cigarette from the pack and conelly light it for she . samantha take a drag and exhales . samantha smooth . teeny light up . follow by roberta . conelly offer a cigarette to chrissy who shake she head no . chrissy smoke stunt you growth . conelly look she over and crack a slight smile . conelly you be funny . they pass around the Orange crush and enjoy they smoke . samantha on the news they say the U.S. be really start to gain ground over there . conelly forget what you see on the news , okay ? you can not believe what you see about it , or what you read about it , or what someone tell you . even people who have be there lie about what they have see ... ( with remorse ) ... or do . they sit in a moment of silence . samantha take a drag off of she cigarette . she exhales and watch the smoke rise up and fade away . page 60 samantha it do not seem like we can believe in much anymore . chrissy and teeny look at she , not understanding where this sentiment come from . roberta no , it do not . roberta take a long , deep drag off she cigarette . conelly yourself maybe , if you be lucky . samantha immediately feel a kinship with he . a share sense of disappointment . after all , he 's really no more than a kid himself . samantha be you go to be stick around here for awhile ? conelly Nah . I try not to stick around anywhere . you know what I mean ? genuinely have no clue : samantha roberta teeny yeah sure definitely conelly be different from the local yokel and make chrissy nervous . she really look he over . chrissy be that a earring you be wear ? conelly yes . chrissy ( judgmental ) you be a hippie be not you ? conelly ( chuckle ) you be a trip . chrissy ( hold she ground ) my mom say all hippie be sex fiend . conelly I be go to tell you something I wish someone would have tell I when I be you age . page 61 chrissy ( snooty ) and what 's that ? page 1 | page 2