now you see I by boaz yakin & edwart ricourt may 2009 dreamlike image of las vega float past we eye : replicas of coney Island and the Brooklyn Bridge ... the kitschy oversize roman ruin at caesar place ... the eiffel Tower and Arc de triomphe ... man nos voice ( v.0 . ) back in the day , magic use to be downright disreputable . it be practice in dive and on street by trickster who be regard as scarcely better than vagrant and thief ... which they often be . then sometime during the nineteenth century all that change , and magic become the favorite entertainment in high society parlor all across Europe and America . and magic become , of ali thing - safe . and so it remain , to this day . but tonight ... all that 's about to change . move in on a dazzle marquee that read - '' the four horsemen '' - the sound of applause grow on the soundtrack , and cut to black . now you see I a spotlight illuminate michael atlas a handsome young man wear jeans and a T-shirt . though he radiate confidence he tone be humble ; but it 's hard to tell if it 's genuine or a put - on : michael atlas lady and gentleman , we be delighted to have provide you with a hour 's divertissement tonight , in this first of we three special show . but I can not in good conscience leave the stage without acknowledge that we be live in troubled time ... reverse on a huge vega audience : people of all age and class pack the auditorium , many nodd in agreement as Michael continue : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) Jobs be harder to come by . mortgage payment be harder to make . nmorei michael atlas ( cont 'd ) life be harder than ever , while the crook - sorry , I mean , businessman and banker - who make it harder live high off the hog and laugh it up at we expense . so I think it 's high time we cut into we share of the pie ... Michael gesture and light come up on the stage behind he , illuminate three more young men : RODERIGO santayana ; latino , splashy bright clothes , a magnet for attention , and london osborne ; actually from London . scowl of a football hooligan , always ready to pick a fight , and alex hero ; nineteen year old , a bright eye all - american boy . he look innocent and use it to he advantage . he scope out the crowd for pretty girl while Michael step closer to the audience : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) -- tonight the four horseman be go to make magic dangerous again . we be go to do something no one have ever see on a Vegas stage before . or ona stage anywhere else , for that matter . ( smile ) tonight we be go to rob a bank , and you be go to help we do it . a series of large -screen monitor lower into place behind the four magician , as two leggy assistant run in from the wing hold a billow silken sheet between they . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) I do not want to be accuse of , well , fake this , so I want someone from the audience to volunteer he bank for I . someone out there have a axe to grind with they bank ? the crowd explode -- everyone yell out the name of they bank - '' omaha trust ! '' '' Kansas National ! '' '' B of Al '' '' first saving ! '' michael atlas ( cont ’d ) ( over the crowd ) remember , you money be insure by the government . ( more ) michael atlas ( cont ! D ) it 's completely safe . or so they tell we . why do not we put they to the test ..? Michael zero on one person in particular - we will call he the man from paris ; middle - age , mustache , natty jacket . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) you , sir . where be you from ? man from paris from Paris . my bank be the -- london call out from behind Michael in he cockney accent : london credit lyonnais . man from paris that be correct . but all of Paris go to this bank ... michael atlas which be exactly why we be go to teach they a lesson they be never go to forget . ( smile ) want to give the french something else to blame we for ? the crowd cheer . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) all right then . credit lyonnais it be . tough one , too . it 's about 7:30 in the morning Paris time , be not it ? ( to the man from Paris ) why do not you come on up and give we a hand , Pierre ? the four magician confer on stage as the monitor flicker on , display the four horsemen graphic as the man from Paris step up onto the stage . Michael step over to he and shake he hand , lead he toward the monitor : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) ( to the man from Paris ) now , I want you to close you eye and focus for I , Pierre ... man from paris etienne . michael atlas Excuse I ? man from paris my name be etienne . michael atlas right . now focus a minute , will you , Pierre ..? ( laughter from the audience ) concentrate . think about you bank . the branch you go to . imagine the teller . the vault . the vault door . especially the vault door ... the man from Paris close he eye , as do Michael . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) do you see the bank ? man from paris I see it . the logo vanish off the screen ... which start to blink ... a image take shape : it 's video surveillance footage of the bank , and on cue , melodramatic music begin playing . the audience be enrapture , save for thaddeus BRADLEY a grey haire man wear a beat up old suit that once have style . he snort derisively at the onstage antic , and be about to take a sip of he whiskey and soda , when : usher Excuse I , sir , you can not drink in here . thaddeus what do you mean I can not drink ? we be in Las Vegas , be not we ? usher yes sir , but you can not drink in the theater . you can finish you drink outside , if you ... thaddeus oh , for crissake , take it will you ? the usher take the drink from thaddeus 's hand and head up the aisle -- thaddeus see the old woman next to he give he a irritate look ; he lean over , reach behind she head , and come out with a identical whiskey and soda . he allow himself a grin : thaddeus ( cont ’d ) abracadabra . cheer , you old cow . and he downs the alcohol , while on stage Michael atlas have position the man from Paris in front of the big screen : michael atlas open you eye . be that you bank ? man from paris I ... I can not be sure . michael atlas maybe you should take a look around it , then . do not forget to bring I back a few euros . roderigo and Alex hero step up , hold a bright red space - age jumpsuit . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) you ’1ll be pass through dimension , which can be dangerous for the uninitiated . this special suit roderigo design will protect you from harm . before the guy know it he be clad in the red jumpsuit , and Michael lead he to the shimmering veil the two leggy assistant be hold up beside the monitor screen . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) take a small step for mankind . the man stand there , hesitate ... then he step forward and walk into the veil . Michael grab it from the assistant , whirl it around the man 's shape , then let it drop , and the man from Paris be go . Michael look confuse . roderigo santayana step toward the audience and smile : RODERIGO please , do not worry . there 's no problem ... not one we can not fix . Michael stand in front of the monitor , as if dumbfounded . michael atlas my God ... lady and ... where do he ... Pierre !?... can you hear I ? man from paris ( 0.s. ) allo ? michael atlas hello ?! Pierre , where be you ? on the monitor , the man from Paris walk into frame ; he look around , confuse ... a little scared . man from paris ( on monitor ) it 's etienne . and I be ... in my bank , I believe . I be ... in Paris . the crowd strain forward in they seat , totally lock in watch as on the monitor the man from Paris look around helplessly . man from paris ( on monitor ) ( cont ’d ) what do I do ? michael atlas I want you to enter the safe . the man from Paris walk across the bank -- and Michael lay he hand on the screen as if he be maneuver the camera , slide the image so we stay with the man from Paris . he stop at the safe . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) now press you hand against the safe . concentrate , Pierre . the man do it . a moment pass , then the vault door click . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) now push , mon ami . push ! on the monitor : the man from Paris push the safe door open , then he walk inside -- there be money everywhere . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) oh la la ... Michael step back from the monitor , turn to the crowd : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) all zat money just ... sit there . do that seem right to you ? ( the audience roar '' no ! '' ) do that seem fair ?! ( '' no ! '' again ) well , I be nothing if not a fair man . do not you think we deserve some of that cash right here ? the crowd roar in approval . the leggy assistant pick up the silken veil and begin run around Michael ... michael atlas ( cont ’d ) faster , faster ... vite , vite ! faster they go , until Michael be shroud by the veil , and the assistant stop run . they pull on the veil and then let it drop , and Michael be go . on the monitor : the man from Paris turn , look outside the safe door -- then back away as Michael walk in . Michael turn and look to camera , talk to the crowd watch he in the Las Vegas theater . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) I believe we all deserve a little something tonight ... or be it this morning ? Michael grab a fistful of euros and throw it up in the air , and in the theater money start to rain down like confetti from the ceiling onto the crowd , many of whom leap up and snatch bill from the air , scramble for the money that have fall to the floor ... the old lady next to thaddeus brady turn to he , hold a few bill in she hand : old lady be ... be it real ? thaddeus take the euros from she hand and hand she he drink -- he study the bill for a moment , then stick they in he pocket , rise and head up the aisle , obscure by a shower of fall money ... int . guard office - credit lyonnais - 8:50 am paris time the phone ring , and the guard captain answer in french : guard captain < hallo ? no we have not open yet .> ( listen ) < from Las Vegas ? in America ? that 's ridiculous ...> ( listen again ) < of course . I understand . right away . ..> int . corridor - credit lyonnais - moment later two guard hurry down the hallway toward the vault door . they put in dual key , press a code , and wait a moment -- then the door swing open expelling a tremendous gust of gaseous fume , cause the guard to cough and gag , and we match CUT to ext . mgm grand HOTEL - las vega - night a rolls-royce phantom burst through the smoke rise from a underground heating vent . it roll out of the parking exit and turn onto the strip , mixing in with the heavy Vegas traffic . int . roll royce - continuous Michael atlas dab at he forehead with a handkerchief ; roderigo sit beside he , face Alex and London . tension be in the air . a silent beat , then : alex do you check out that mad honey in the third row ? aisle seat ? the shizzle . she be give I the eye the whole show , too . michael atlas which explain why you be late on half you cue . do not let it happen next time . london easy , tiger . do not you see that audience ? we kill tonight . michael atlas not quite . everyone be slow on they cue . like do a show with the cast of Dawn of the Dead - and not that new fast - zombie remake crap , either . I be talk classic slow - ass shambling old - school zombie shit . light be a disaster . be we all in the same theater ? a moment of tense silence between the four man , then : RODERIGO still , we pull it off , do not we ? Michael allow himself to nod , then smile slightly , ease the tension . he look down at he watch : michael atlas nine a.m. in Paris . quick CUT to the vault in the parisian bank : the guard rush in , wave away the fume , and see that whatever money be there be gone . back in the roll royce Michael atlas lean back , finally allow himself to relax . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) tomorrow 's gonna be a interesting day . ext . suburb / outer vega - morning the flat desert landscape stretch away beyond the row of townhouse lining the street . the wind blow . a toyota camry be park outside a modest house , engine run ... inside the car dylan hobbes , mid-thirty , eye more tired than he year would suggest , look out at the front window of the house : behind which a woman be visible move around the kitchen , serve breakfast to a downcast look little girl . 10 . Dylan take in the tableau for a moment , face tensing with self - recrimination . dylan damn . he reach for the car door , and we cut to : the front door of the house swinging OPEN to reveal catherine hobbes , glaring at Dylan furiously . catherine you be suppose to be here at seven o'clock . last night . dylan I be sorry Catherine . something come up at work , and ... catherine and you call last minute , so I can not make any contingency plan , and I miss my meeting with practically the only client I have leave ? ( almost explode ) you be not take she for the weekend . you do not deserve she . dylan it be a emergency , damnit . I do not work deliver goddamn pizza ! if something happen I ... then Dylan catch himself , see the little girl sit at the table beyond Catherine ; she eye be on she plate , try to ignore she parent 's fight . dylan ( cont ’d ) you be not keep I from my daughter . int . kitchen - a moment later Dylan step into the sunny space and sit down across from he morose daughter , whose name be hanna . he smile tightly : dylan hey , baby . sorry I could not make it last night . but I get we all hook up for the weekend , and - will . hanna you be never get back together with Mom , be you ? Dylan be silent , catch off guard . hanna ( cont ’d ) what do you do to make she so mad at you ? dylan it 's not what I do . it 's what I do not do . hanna give no evidence of understanding that . dylan ( cont ’d ) it 's like school . you know how you have responsibility ? get to class on time , do you homework , talk nice to you teacher ... you do not do that thing , you get expell . hanna Mom throw you out because you do not do you homework ? dylan something like that . but I think this weekend I be go to earn a little extra credit . ( smile ) we be go to go to that new water - park , out on 66 . then ... then dylan 's cel - phone buzy . despite look from both Hannah and Catherine , who be now in the kitchen doorway , Dylan look down at the number -- his shoulder slump , and he look back up at he daughter : dylan ( cont ’d ) it 's a emergency . when it 's over , I will make it up to you ... that 's a promise . int . operation CENTER - FBI headquarters - day FBI agent be seat around the room . the last to enter be Dylan Hobbes -- still wear the frustration of he morning on he face . title : FBI headquarters - nevada field Office 12 . the air be fill with early morning banter . stand in front of a monitor be sac louis hernandez . hernandez Nice of you to join we , agent Hobbes . alright , lady , now that we star player be here , let 's cut the chatter - we get work to do . ( the room quiet down ) get one for the X - file , people . we office in Paris call last night . there be a bank robbery there that take place about 7:30 a.m. , Paris time . approximately one and a half million euros disappear out of the vault of rue rivoli branch of the credit lyonnais . the reason we be talk about it here , be this video take from the vault . the image of michael atlas and the man from paris come up on the screen . hernandez ( cont ’d ) this be world famous magician Michael atlas . the man with he be , as far as we know , a member of the audience from he show . when this image be capture , atlas be on stage with the four horseman , in the middle of they act at the mgm Grand . agent fuller , a big bear of a man , mumble from the back : agent fuller you be say this guy rob a Paris bank -- from Vegas ? hernandez I be say that 's what it look like . on the monitor the audience in the theatre leap and scramble for the money flutter down from above : dylan be it real ? hernandez be what real ? 13. dylan the money . falling from the ceiling . be it real or funny money ? hernandez from the little we be able to recover - real as a heart attack . agent fuller so they pull this thing off , and do not even keep the score ? who be this guy ? dylan more pertinently - where be they ? hernandez they be stay in the excelsior Hotel . get the entire top floor rent out . we call , and they be there . so they do not appear to be particularly worried about all this . another agent stand : agent well , what be we wait for ? hernandez for Inspector alma vargas , of the Las Vegas special investigation unit , to brief we so we know exactly what we be deal with . she will be liaise with we on this case . Inspector ..? alma vargas , a beautiful young detective with a caustic attitude stand , aware of the instant attention she command from all the man in the room ; not necessarily for the thing she want to be notice for . she 's use to it . alma press a remote , and a image of the four horsemen appear on the monitor : alma vargas the four horseman be like a magic superhero team . each one of they be a establish magician in he own right before they join force , for what they be billing as three special show over the span of ten day . ( more ) 14 . alma vargas ( cont 'd ) last night be the first . Friday they be in Atlantic City , Wednesday next , in Los Angeles ... dylan - wow . you read the brochure . how do you manage to do all this '' research , '' Inspector ? alma vargas Police officer in Vegas be use to work late hour . unlike FBI agent , apparently . alma weather the chorus of boo and jeer that greet she , enjoy it , then continue : alma vargas ( cont ’d ) I be not do yet . allow I to drop a little more wisdom on you . we will start with santayana ... a montage of image begins as she talk ; start on a SMALL latino boy wander wide eye through a small town travel carnival : alma vargas ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) roderigo santayana be bear in culiacan , Mexico . ran away from home to join a travel show , just dike in the storey ... image of RODERIGO , various age , work on all kind of magical device ; robot fortune teller , clockwork contraption , float crystal ball , coffin with secret compartment , etc . alma vargas ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) he 's apparently a genius at design mechanical device and illusion . get he own show on telemundo a few year back ... RODERIGO float over a awed studio audience . alma vargas ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) his special , '' ole roderigo '' , be high rate broadcast behind the Mexico versus . Brazil soccer game . guy move to LA , get himself a William Morris agent ... RODERIGO hold court at the VIP table surround by silicone fill groupy . 15 . alma vargas ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) spend he money on coke and strip club . he 's consider a disgrace in the magic community , but the boy all wish they be he . next , we have Alex hero ... image of alex as a young boy in a baseball uniform , repeatedly throw a ball into he own glove : alma vargas ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) Real name , Alexander hess . all american boy . Little League all star . only this boy could care less about baseball . what he 's into be magic . sleight of hand , to be specific ... Alex throw the ball into the glove again ; then smile and open the glove - _ the ball have disappear . we widen out to see alex be on stage in a television studio : a neon logo behind he read '' america 's got skillz . '' alma vargas ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) win a talent competition on the tube and become a overnight sensation . he immediately get emancipate from he family and move to Vegas , where he hook up with the horseman . the third member of which be a Brit actually name London ... london osborne reach a hand out toward the camera , he eye gleam with intensity . alma vargas ( v.o. ( cont ’d ) London osborne . he 's a mentalist , hypnotist . mess with you head , basically . jedi mind -trick . suppose to be the best there ever be +. image of people lie like plank across two chair while other jump up and down on they stomach , a old woman impossibly hold a huge fat man over she head , etc . alma vargas ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) perform on the West end for year . repeat command performance for the Queen . but it all go to hell one night ... London be at a posh club , drunken clubber push through , splashes a drink in he face . clubber if you be so bloody smart , why do not you see that come ? be not you the great mentalist ? seventy pound a seat - you be not worth the piss I just take in the back bloody alley , mate . London look icy calm : london Excuse I gentleman , lady ... ( turn to the clubber ) so you want you money 's worth ? image of the clubber in a emergency room , with glass stick out of he mouth , as the doctor remove it without kill he . alma vargas ( v.0 . ) weird thing be , no one there could remember if osborne do it , or the guy do to himself . in any case , osborne serve three year for aggravate assault . it 's toward the end of that time that the four horseman come together ... 16 . surround by a ador crowd . a stand in front of London and he break struggle to london sit in front the protective glass in a prison visiting room . london what be you do this side of the pond ? reverse show michael atlas on the other side of the glass . michael atlas come here to make you a offer . london if you think I be gonna hold you bloody tail for you or do filler bit you can sod off . I be my own man . 17 . michael atlas I be not ask you to do filler , and I do not wear tail , bloody or otherwise . I be put together a group - a super - group , if you will . london like Asia , or something ? remember that song , how do it go ..? be shite , really . michael atlas more like cream , or led Zeppelin , or the dream team . Three show , that 's 11l open up a new life for you , with more fame and fortune than you can imagine . london I have a pretty big imagination . michael atlas ( smile ) mine 's bigger . hernandez ( v.o. ) what about this Michael atlas guy ? back in the conference room alma turn to sac hernandez : alma vargas not much . bear menachem Joachim Murphy in the bronx . work out the genetics yourselves . first come on the radar as a street performer in New York . youtube video of he performance have over twenty million hit . he be recently make several offer to headline he own show in Vegas , but form the four horseman instead . ( pause ) and there you have it . hernandez thank you , officer vargas . good work . now ... dylan yeah , wow , none of we know how to access Wikipedia . ( more ) 18 . dylan ( cont 'd ) thank you so much . ( look up from he I - phone ) in the meantime , while you be regaling we with that informative yet banal information , I track down the credit card number of the guy from the audience who be in the vault with atlas ... remember he ? his name be etienne glickman , and he use the same card to rent a room at the hard rock for six night . tonight be he last . ( smile ) think it might be a good idea to talk to he before he split town ? ext . hard rock HOTEL / casino - day - a hour later a phalanx of unmarked police car pull into the driveway , and police officer and FBI agent fling the door open and rush out ... int . unmarked car - continuous Dylan Hobbes sit in the driver 's seat , detective alma vargas beside he , agent fuller in the back . alma start to get out , see neither Dylan or fuller be move : alma vargas be not you come ? dylan what for ? get a army go in there to pick up a little french dude . alma vargas you do not want a piece of the collar ? dylan we get a say here in the bureau , inspector . collar be for do ... ( stop himself ) not a applicable say in this instance . anyway , cop make collar , we solve case . knock yourself out , though . alma give Dylan a disgust look , then get out of the car and head toward the hotel entrance . Dylan watch she back admiringly , as : 19 . agent fuller collar be for dog ? do you actually say that ? dylan I catch myself . agent like that shit you follow up with be any better ? dylan she 's into I . ext . villa - outer vega - day a cadillac seville pull into a driveway , and thaddeus BRADLEY - the acerbic older man we last see at the magic show - get out of the car . he see the arm on he mailbox be up , so he reach for the latch , then firework explode out of the mailbox with a bang , cause he to jump backward . recorded laughter come from within the mailbox , like the laughter at the end of Michael Jackson 's '' thriller . '' thaddeus sigh . clearly this kind of thing happen to he often ... int . live room - thaddeus 's villa - later thaddeus at the bar , mixing himself a martini , while in f.g. the television be on ; we hear the news - report : newscaster ( t.v . ) -- authority be respond to report that the french bank purportedly rob during the four horseman 's performance at the mgm grand be in fact , actually rob ... thaddeus step into the room , sip he drink . the place be a shrine to himself , poster and picture of he everywhere ; most prominent be a fox tv show poster of thaddeus stand beneath a logo that read : '' magic 's greatest secret exposed . '' newscaster ( t.v. ) ( cont ’d ) -- which , if true , have many expert say be the most dare feat of magic since the heyday of Harry houdini himself ... 20 . on the tv we see image the four horsemen exite they hotel surround by a phalanx of cop , FBI agent , and news-media . newscaster ( t.v. ) ( cont ’d ) -- the media firestorm have make the horseman , at least for today , the most famous act in show business ... close on thaddeus : he feature tightening with agitation as he watch the tube : newscaster ( t.v. ) ( cont ’d ) -- the question on everyone 's mind , now : be they go to enjoy they fame as free man , or behind bar ..? cur to : a row of video monitor each one show a separate interrogation room in which one of the four horseman be be hold ; the image turn from blue to red , measure temperature ... blood pressure ... pulse . there be all kind of fluctuation happen on the screen for room # 1 , where young alex hero , hand cuffed , be be shove into a seat by agent fuller : alex ( on monitor ) yo , pooh bear , why you get to be like that ? none of the other get cuffed and shit ... int . interrogation room # 1 - continuous agent fuller step away from Alex , watch by Dylan and alma . agent fuller that 's cause none of the other call I cute nickname , vanilla Ice . besides , you be suppose to be the sleight of hand artist , be not you ..? ( grin ) so why do not you work you way out of that cuff yourself ? be a nice trick . alex I be not give you any excuse to mess my ass up . 21 . agent fuller agent Hobbes and detective vargas be right here ; no one 's gonna do anything to you . you want that off , do it yourself . Alex take a moment , then : alex okay . but I have like to give they back to you . would you put you hand on the table for I , please ? agent fuller take a beat , then he lean over and put he hand on the table . agent fuller this better be ... Alex snatch agent fuller 's hand , then slam they back down on the table in a single dizzyingly quick motion , and Dylan and alma reflexively step forward , then stop as they see that agent fuller be now wear the handcuffs on he own wrist . agent fuller glare at Alex ; then reach he cuffed hand to he pocket , fishing around in there , but : alex lose something ? kind of sloppy for a FBI agent , be not you , pooh bear ? ( turn to alma ) you start on that soda yet , miss ..? alma vargas . detective vargas , to you . ( raise the unopen can of diet coke in she hand ) nope . alex feel a little heavy for a diet beverage , do not it ? alma 's eye narrow . she shake the diet coke can - there be a clinking sound from inside it . she peel the cap off , then walk over to the table and turn it over , let the soda spill onto the interrogation table , until a single key drop out of the hole and clink onto the table top . 22 . alex ( cont ’d ) hooker do trick . next time you want to see magic , buy a ticket to the show . the three law enforcement officer look at Alex with newfound respect in they eye . he 's young , but clearly a formidable opponent . alma vargas do not plan on leave town any time soon , Mr. hero . int . interrogation room # 2 - later roderigo santayana shake he head : RODERIGO -- of course we be go to leave town . we have a show in Atlantic City Friday night . if we have reason to run we would have already be go , no ? on what grounds do think you can keep we here ? Dylan and vargas sit in front of roderigo , agent fuller in the b.g . dylan you know very well on what grounds . this be some serious shit you be in Mr. santayana . you be not on stage anymore . RODERIGO no ? then what be this little '' interrogation room '' of yours ? light , gadget . lie detector , heat sensor . you even have a two - way mirror . a room that convey a sense of privacy , yet there 's at least a dozen people listen to we every word . you put on you show , too , Mr. FBI , I 'il put on mine . dylan you cross the line into my show when you rob a bank - RODERIGO in Paris ? while we be in Las Vegas ? 23. alma vargas be hold another can of diet coke . she shake it , hear nothing , so she peel off the cap and take a sip . dylan just ' cause you be in Vegas do not mean you do not have confederate over there in Paris while - RODERIGO confederate ? you have the bank video . you see what everyone else see . dylan which be Michael atlas and a member - purport - member of you audience , in the vault . in Paris . RODERIGO which be impossible , of course . ( smile ) you think I build a transporter , like in a science fiction movie ? I be good , but no one be that good . alma vargas right , Mr. santayana . which be why we be here . and why we be gonna stay here , until you give we a explanation . roderigo take a moment , then shrug he shoulder : RODERIGO coincidence ? int . interrogation room # 3 - later Dylan be look a little more piss off now , as he snap : dylan -- that 's you story , after the shit you pull ? coincidence ? London osborne be sit across table from Dylan and alma vargas . his dark eye burn , he temper always in check . london good a story as any , oi ? have the benefit of be the truth , as well . 24 . dylan and you expect I to buy that ? london yes . dylan that 's it ? the whole great mentalist shtick - just look someone in the eye and lie to they ? you expect that bullshit to work on I ? london why not ? you expect it to work on you wife , do not you ? Dylan freeze . the tension in the air be suddenly palpable . london ( cont ’d ) what 's she name ? dylan I be not tell you my wife 's name . london not you wife . the name of the bird you be out with the other night , when you tell you wife you be work late so you could not make it on time to pick up you own kid -- what be she name ? ( eye gleam ) or do not you even remember it ? there have be so many , have not ... Dylan snap across the table , grab London by the collar . London just stare into Dylan 's eye , not move a muscle , and Dylan relent , step back , aware of the eye of alma and agent fuller on he . London sit back down in he chair . london ( cont ’d ) coincidence . I have leave it at that , if I be you . but because I know you will not , I 'il simply remind you - int . interrogation room # 4 - later Michael atlas sit comfortably in he chair , in he t-shirt and jeans : 25 . michael atlas -- my lawyer be better than you lawyer . better pay , better dress and better prepare . which be what it 's all about , be not it ? preparation . we be prepare . you be not . which be why , despite you tiresome threat to the contrary , we be go to walk out of here free of charge . Dylan , alma and agent fuller glare at Michael . all look they have have it up to here with this guy . dylan you be one cocky son of a bitch , be not you ? in fact you be a quartet of cocky son of bitch . michael atlas that 's why we get pay the big buck . alma vargas so what do you need the money for ? why risk everything on a stunt like this ? michael atlas you seem to be forget we do not have the money . alma vargas not all of it . but hardly any of the cash that fall on that audience in you little Robin Hood bit be recover . you could have keep the lion 's share for yourselves , for all we know . Michael turn he eye on alma , study she carefully . michael atlas it 's clear , detective vargas , that all you know do not amount to very much . there 's no way to tie the money we - donate - with the money from the bank . unless you can put I in that vault , you have get nothing . alma vargas we have etienne glickman . 26 . Michael raise he eyebrow , as if to ask - " who ? '' alma vargas ( cont ’d ) the '' audience member '' you bring up onto the stage . you plant . michael atlas Plant ? the little french guy ? you do not know the first thing about magic , do you ? what good could he possibly have be to I as plant ? ( smile ) obviously you have not question he yet . I wish I could be there for that one . I have not have a good laugh in a while . agent fuller you should check out Jerry at the Sands . it 's a goddam laugh riot . michael atlas so I have hear . but I ’ma compulsive workaholic . it 's a fail of mine . so unless you have a better hand than the one you have be show , I have like to get out of here and start rehearsals for we next show . int . operation room - FBI headquarters - hour later Dylan , alma , agent fuller and several other be sit around , surround by empty fast food container , look beat . a re -run of Michael atlas 's interrogation be play on a monitor . one of the agent groan : FBI agent I can not watch this again . what a prick . dylan they be all prick . like they be try to piss we off on purpose . agent fuller nothing like rock star , though . remember when we have to bring in U2 ? now that guy take it toa whole other level of prickness . 27 . alma vargas prickishness . agent fuller what ? alma vargas you say '' prickness . '' that 's not a word . the word be '' prickishness . '' agent fuller whoa . sorry to have blunder into you area of expertise . on the monitor : Michael atlas grin and say : michael atlas ( on monitor ) -- you do not know the first thing about magic , do you ? voice ( 0.s. ) he 's right , of course . you people really do not know the first thing about magic ... every head in the room turn , to see thaddeus BRADLEY stand in the doorway of the operation room : thaddeus -- but I do . I trust you 's 1ll excuse I for let myself in unannounced . agent fuller who the hell be you ? alma vargas thaddeus Bradley . probably the most hate magician on the planet . thaddeus my reputation precede I . still , '' hate '' might be too strong a word . alma vargas actually , consider how many sneaky , vindictive weirdo do hate you , I be amaze you be still alive . 28 . dylan be I miss something here ? you know this guy ? alma vargas only from t.v. -- and wikipedia. ( turn to Dylan ) I work entertainment in Las Vegas , agent Hobbes . it 's my job to know who 's who in town , so that when something like this go down , not everyone be play catch up . ( then ) - even if it be at the expense of a less exciting social life . agent fuller wince for Dylan , as alma rise and walk to the coffee machine . alma vargas ( cont ’d ) thaddeus Bradley have be expose other magician 's secret for year . embarrass they , really . wickname be the career killer . he even have a low rate Fox show for short spell , where he ... thaddeus the rating be fine . the network simply do not know where to place it . not to mention my book , two of which sit on the New York Times non-fiction best seller list for month . agent fuller whatever . what I want to know be - what the hell be you do here ? thaddeus be not it obvious ? ( then ) I have see countless people try to figure out the mechanism of countless trick -- you face be not exactly flushed with the thrill of success . Dylan shake off he anger at alma 's jibe , and face thaddeus . dylan we will figure it out . 29 . thaddeus it will take time . time you do not have . the clock be on . Three show in ten day - what you see be merely the warm up act . agent fuller and you know this because -? thaddeus I know show business . the magic business , in particular . and because I know Michael atlas . ( pause ) he be my student . perhaps my brightest . but everything he know , he learn from I . dylan and what 's in this for you ? thaddeus be not that obvious , as well ? ( no answer ) relevance . ( gather himself ) I want my name mention in every press conference you give about this case ; and when it 's solve , and the four horseman be behind bar , I want to be give the credit for break it . that 's what 's in it for I . agent fuller the FBI do not work with circus freak . thaddeus when in Rome ... dylan I will run it by brass . leave you information and we will contact you . but before you do that , give the day I have have , I want you to know one thing ... ( pause ) if you point you finger at my pocket , and I reach in there and find you card , I swear on my mother I will shoot you where you stand . 30 . ext . airport tarmac - night a lear jet thunder overhead -- touch down on the tarmac ; and we cut to : the four horsemen exite they private jet , luggage in hand . they walk toward a black limousine wait for they nearby ... ext . highway - day the limousine glide toward the light of atlantic CITY glitter in the near distance ; we hear on the soundtrack : radio d.j. ( v.0 . ) -- let 's cut to the chase : I know you be never gonna tell we how you do it , or even if you do it ... int . radio station booth - morning the four horsemen be seat around a interview table , face the excitable young d.j. , who continue : radio d.j. -- so the question I have to ask you be - be you gonna do it again ? London osborne lean toward he mic and smile : london come see we show Friday night and find out . alex Word . I x11 be do my song , too , from my new album - '' Alex hero steal you heart '' - so bum rush it , lady . we see a montage of image , as the interview continue on the soundtrack -- dozen of radio station phone operator take call , type in name and address into they computer ... radio d.j. ( v.0 . ) the ticket to this show be be pick by random lottery , and be completely free , be not that right ? london ( v.0 . ) that 's right . gift to we fan , from the horseman and we sponsor , the good people at stonebridge life . 31 . lottery ball with name on they fly around inside a AIR chamber , on a local morning show -- Alex hero reach in and snatch out ball after ball , watch by the show 's host ... radio d.j. ( v.0 . ) we have two hundred seat available for we listener right here , so call in if you want to see this incredible -- event . I be not sure you can even call it just a '' magic show '' anymore ... a computer image of a theater seating plan fill the screen , as seat after seat be filled up , turn from blue to red ... radio d.j. ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) some call you illusionist , some call you magician ; now some be call you criminal . what do you have to say about that ? the computer image dissolves into a high angle of the actual auditorium , fill with empty red seat -- a lone figure step onto the dark stage , become recognizable as michael atlas . michael atlas ( v.0 . ) a man be nail to a cross once . kill in broad daylight by the power that be . he be laid to rest inside of a dark cave , and the entrance be cover over with a rock . Three day later , he be go ... dolly in on michael as he take in the dark theater : michael atlas ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it take Jesus three day to get out of a escape proof vault , and they say he be the son of God . I can do it three minute -- so what do that make I ? ext . FBI headquarters - las vega - day camera move toward a upper floor window , as we hear dylan 's voice : dylan ( v.0 . ) Son of a bitch ... 32 . int . section chief 's office - continuous Dylan , alma vargas , and agent fuller be stand in front of sac hernandez ; Dylan fume : dylan -- I have never see a guiltier bunch of perp in my life , and we let they fly off to Atlantic city just like that . hernandez then make the case . right now all they be guily of be be a bunch of cocky bastard . ( angry ) they do not have to prove they do not do it . we have to prove they do . we job be harder , and it pay less . Way of the world . ( then ) what about they staff ? stagehands ? employee ? dylan we have whatever personnel we can spare on it , but - alma vargas cog in a machine . the horseman employ dozen of people at any give show ; each person seem to know just enough to allow they to do they job . maybe somebody 's wise to something , but I doubt it . and magic people be a tight lipped bunch , as it be . I doubt we will get far . certainly not in three day . hernandez so that 's it ? that 's all you get ? agent fuller we still get the french guy . hernandez not for long . get a call from the State Department . either you pin something on he that can stick , or he 's on tonight 's flight back to the land of frog leg and cheese . 33 . int . interrogation room - later etienne glickman , exhaust and irate , be sit opposite the table from alma , who be alone in the room with he . etienne glickman I tell you once , I tell you twice , I 'il tell you a ' undre time : I be in the theater , here in Las Vegas , yes ? they call I to the stage , they wrap I in a fabric , and suddenly I be in a small room with a nice couch , where I be serve coffee and cake by a pretty girl . not as pretty as you , but pretty enough - alma vargas I be sure she be . go on , Mr. glickman . etienne glickman after a few minute the light be turn off and I find myself back on the stage next to Mr. atlas . money be fall everywhere , everyone be go mad , and no one care about I anymore . finis . alma turn to a monitor on which video from the parisian bank vault be play : alma vargas be you say that be not you ? etienne glickman yes . I mean , it look like I , but it be not I . I do not even remember the last time I go into the bloody bank , I only use the ATM ... alma vargas we run a scan on you voice from the tape , Mr. glickman , and it match up as well . int . oberservation room - continuous Dylan and agent fuller and several other be watch on a monitor outside the interrogation room : 34 . etienne glickman ( on monitor ) it 's a trick , no ? do you think I really travel through dimension ? that be what this people do - magic trick . I be a law abide man , it 's not my job to know how they do this thing . if you be too stupid to figure it out , it 's not my problem ... Dylan and agent fuller turn away from the monitor , look at each other . they know what they have to do . agent fuller shit . int . theater - mgm grand - night thaddeus BRADLEY walk into the auditorium where Dylan , agent fuller and alma be wait , stand near the empty stage . thaddeus my name . correctly pronounce , every time a press conference be give . correctly spell in every press release . and credit for ... dylan for '' break the case . '' done . but the case have to get break first . thaddeus and the reason for meeting in such theatrical environ ? agent fuller you be go to show we how they pull it off , right ? thaddeus and you think anything on this stage or auditorium have anything to do with it ? ( sigh ) you really be a organization of rube , be not you ? I be surprised anyone ever get catch at all ... dylan be you break some kind of magician 's code if you be not act like a complete asshole ? ( more ) 35 . dylan ( cont 'd ) ( step close to thaddeus ) you do not start come up with the goods , right now , I be gonna call the IRS and have they back audit you for every fiscal year of you goddamn pathetic life . how 's that for a trick ? thaddeus lock eye with Dylan -- not someone to be trifle with , either . then : thaddeus the first mistake one could make would be to assume that the robbery actually occur on the night of the performance -- when it happen some seventy six hour earlier . with the preparation for it take up at least the better part of the week , on the street of Paris . image of michael atlas , RODERIGO and london osborne walk through the crowded throng on the champ elysees , blend in with minimal disguise ; a baseball hat , sunglass , etc . agent fuller ( v.o. ) we might be rube , but we be not stupid . that 's the first thing we check . the horseman have not leave the country in month . and - thaddeus ( v.o. ) and fake passport be so hard to pull off ? back to dylan : shake he head : dylan they be , this day . thaddeus well , that would be you area of expertise more than mine , would not it , agent Hobbes ? I be simply here to tell you that somehow it be accomplish , and - dylan uh uh . they have be here in Vegas rehearse they show for the past few week . there be plenty of witness who see they every day ... 36 . image of member of the horsemen in various location , see from the Pov 's of nearby spectator : RODERIGO , rehearse the gear of a gimmick on - stage ; london osborne , walk purposefully through a casino mall ; michael atlas , get takeout at a restaurant , wave to a fan ... thaddeus ( v.o. ) talk to the that witness again . ask they if they see more than one of the horseman at a time , and how close they get to they . agent fuller ( v.0o . ) you be say one of this guy stay behind and disguise himself as the other guy for a alibi ? thaddeus ( v.0 . ) be that so difficult to conceive ? speak of which , do you enjoy you interrogation of that poor french fellow ? what be he name ? alma vargas ( v.0 . ) glickman . etienne glickman . image of etienne glickman walk blithely through th atreet in paris -- RODERIGO be follow he , snap with a powerful pocket camera ; also snapping photo 0 : several other men he be shadowing ... thaddeus ( v.0 . ) ticket for the horseman 's show be sell long in advance . in August there be plenty of french tourist in Vegas . I imagine they advertise heavily on the street of Paris all of July ... it 's true : as roderigo follow a man in the metro , he pass a large billboard for the four horsemen on the wall of the station . thaddeus ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) -- they check the name on the credit card reservation from Paris ; then follow that man , photograph several of they to be safe in case of a cancellation , and create make - up for each one ... 37 . the photo of five french men - etienne glickman among they -— adorn a wall , below which a pair of dextrous hand prepare rubber mold and fake hair for disguise . thaddeus ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) -- the make - up would only need to be minimally suggestive , give the quality of the security camera image . on the night of the robbery they repeat they little act for the camera three or four time with several different make -up , and use the tape of Mr. glickman only when they see he be at the show ... agent fuller ( v.0 . ) wait a minute . that do not wash . even with make - up , how would they know what he have be wear on the night of the show ? thaddeus ( v.0o . ) they could not , of course . why do you think they put he in that ridiculous red jumpsuit before '' transport '' he ? you do not think it be actually for - alma vargas ( v.0o . ) travel through dimension ? no we do not , Mr. Bradley . please continue . image of etienne glickman be wrapped in the jumpsuit -- then of someone disguise as he in the security camera footage , wear the red jumpsuit -- then the same thing repeat with several different '' disguise . '' thaddeus ( v.0 . ) the first thing to look for in any illusion be , what be essential and what ig not ? anything that be not , disguise as showmanship , be there for a very specific purpose . in this case the red jumpsuit be put on to cover the clothing , its garishness to draw attention from the face and the hastily apply make -up . dylan ( v.0 . ) why bother with the whole french guy schtick , in the first place ? 38 . thaddeus ( v.o. ) to make the illusion real . to make the audience , and you , think what they be see be take place then and there . alma vargas ( v.0 . ) what about the voice match ? image of michael atlas stand next to etienne glickman at a bistro , as he order a coffee -- in michael 's shoulder bag be a recording device . dylan ( v.0 . ) that would not be much of a problem . if they be tailing this guy , they could have easily record they voice and cut something together later ... agent fuller ( v.0o . ) what I want to know be , how do they get he to vanish off the stage like that ? back in the theater : Dylan and alma turn and look at fuller with raise eyebrow : agent fuller ( cont ’d ) ( defensive ) what ? thaddeus for question like that I refer you to the box set of the first season of my show - alma vargas there only be one season . thaddeus - available for thirty nine ninety five on amazon , or on my website . be I here to teach you parlor trick or help you solve a crime ? dylan which you say happen seventy two hour earlier . how do you come up with that number ? image of the french guard open the vault door , run inside , only to cough and gag at the fume in the air ... 33 . thaddeus ( v.o . ) if you examine the vault with that scientific instrument you people be so proud of , I believe you will find trace of dioxide hydrosulfate . known colloguially in my circle as " vanish juice . '' image of huge wad of euros be douse in a chemical bath . thaddeus ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) when paper of a certain make be treat with it , it instigate a chemical reaction that cause complete disintegration , accompany by rather noxious fume , exactly eighty hour later . like milk curdle on a dime . illusionist have be use it for century . the thing be , you have to time you gag just right , or you might miss the moment ... in the vault , we see michael atlas and the disguise man from paris replace the euros that be there with different euros from they own bag . thaddeus ( cont ’d ) they make counterfeit cash out of this paper - and I will thank you not to ask I how counterfeit cash be make . they treat it several hour before enter the vault , then switch it with the real money , so that no one would notice anything be miss . in the minimum time remain they escape with the real cash , make it to Vegas and on-stage in time for the show . they do they bit , the guard in Paris fling open the vault door and on cue - pffff . there must have be a lot of credit lyonnais customer wonder what be happen in they wallet that moining ««+ image of fume pouring from parisian 's pocket -- wallet smoking in people 's hand , cash dissolving in front of there eye ... dylan ( v.0 . ) they still have to rob that bank . 40 . back to thaddeus : he turn to Dylan and sigh : thaddeus which be , again , you area of expertise . you be go to earn some of you meager salary , be not you , agent Hobbes ? alma vargas you say the horseman do not know which guy from the audience they would use until the last minute . yet the bank 's tape show Michael atlas and etienne glickman in the vault . that mean someone have to be there , at the time of the performance , to put that tape in they system . which mean they have a accomplice on the inside . dylan the french cop run polygraph on the bank guard . they all pass with fly color . thaddeus ( to alma ) not bad , detective . I believe you to be correct . but it be not necessarily a willing accomplice . or should I say , a conscious one ... image of the bank guard captain , receive a phone call ; the scene we see earlier , right after the performance : guard captain < hallo ? no we have not open yet .> ( listen ) < from Las Vegas ? in America ? that 's ridiculous ...> CUT to london osborne , on he cel-phone , walk toward the limousine in the mgm grand parking area where the other horseman be wait for he : london ( into phone ) ( in french ) < pineapple . you understand ?> guard captain ( on phone ) < of course . JI understand . right away .> 41 . in the bank security office : the guard captain , now look somewhat daze , hang up the phone . walk to a drawer nearby , open it , and find a tape wait for he . he pick it up , move to the bank of monitor , and pop out the old tape . dylan ( v.0 . ) okay . here 's where I draw the dine ... back in the mgm theater : Dylan be shaking he head , he 's hear enough : dylan ( cont ’d ) -- you want I to believe that some guy could be hypnotize day in advance to respond to a code word , like something out of '' the manchurian candidate ? '' I think you expose trick , man . thaddeus mentalism - guess the future and the card in you hand and all that - depend on trick . hypnotism be the real deal ... image of london osborne , disguise as a repair-man , talk earnestly to the guard captain of the bank ; behind they we see alex hero , slip past unseen , slide a tape into a drawer in the back . thaddeus ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) -- practice by a expert it 's a extremely potent method of induce its subject to action . especially action which fall within the scope of the subject 's usual pattern ... back to thaddeus : we move in he darkly intelligent eye , he voice soft : thaddeus ( cont ’d ) you refer to we as '' circus freak , '' as I recall . so I will tell you this - ( pause ) London osborne be the best at what he do . much as I dislike this boy , they all be . they next show be in less than forty eight hour . ( more ) 42 . thaddeus ( cont ’d ) be I in you shoe , I would not make the mistake of underestimate they . cuT to : a crowd of excite fan mostly woman , hold sign adorn with image of the four horsemen , chant they name ; see through the glass door of a hotel lobby -- superimpose title : trump Hotel - Atlantic City - Friday dolly over to find dylan hobbes , stand at a pay - phone : dylan -- I be sorry hanna ... I be so sorry I can not be there this weekend . I be work ... I have to catch some bad man , and - ( listen ) yeah , I know you be not a child . yeah , yeah , I know you be not a retard ... I do not mean to talk to you like one . I be try to catch that guy , the one on the news ... ( beat ) no , they be not f-ing cool . do not use that kind of language . they be criminal , and I be gonna catch they . and - hanna ? hanna ... a beat . Dylan hang up the phone ; look like he 's think of dial again ... but do not . he walk over to where alma vargas be wait . alma vargas payphone ? dylan my wife - ex-wife - hang up when she see my number . if I catch she off - guard I can usually talk my way into a conversation with my little girl . alma study Dylan , then look out at the crowd , shaking she head : alma vargas it 's like beatlemania or something . ( then ) ( more ) 43 . alma vargas ( cont 'd ) you think thaddeus be right ? that they be go to try it again ? dylan that 's why we be here , be not it ? thaddeus BRADLEY be visible across the hotel lobby , talk to the concierge . alma vargas do you trust he ? dylan not sure . which be why we bring he here , but do not give he anything to do . I be gonna shadow he - see if he lead we to water . you wait for the horseman to come down , stay on they from the minute they leave the hotel -- get fuller and the other situate between here and the theater ... alma nod , but Dylan do not leave ; there be some electricity in the air between they : dylan ( cont ’d ) listen , detective varg ... alma . since join the bureau I have not , well , interface with lvpd , not since I be a cop myself . I just want you to know , that , well - alma vargas do you really need it , agent Hobbes ? dylan need what ? alma vargas another excuse not to spend time with you daughter . Dylan be stung silent . then he eye shift , as he see : thaddeus BRADLEY buttone up he jacket and exite the hotel through a side door , head out into the street . Dylan turn without another word and follow after Bradley . hold on alma feeling she might have go too far , and we cut to : 44 , ext . paradise theater - atlantic CITY - evening a huge crowd be gather beneath the marquee , which read : stonebridge life present the four horsemen -- agent fuller scan the area , and speak into he cel - phone : agent fuller yo , Dylan . hour before showtime , and there 's already a huge freakin’ crowd here . we be in the wrong business . you on the old freak ? ext . atlantic CITY mall - continuous Dylan be move through the densely crowded space , keep distance between himself and thaddeus ; he whisper into he ear- piece : dylan ( on phone ) yeah - but this guy have eye in the back of he head . try not to ... ( then ) hold on , I have get a text . damn . Cathy , busting my ball for call hanna , and - Dylan look up - he be just distract for a instant - but he face fill with concern : dylan ( cont ’d ) shit. I have lose he . shit . agent fuller ( on phone ) what do you mean lose he ? dylan I mean he 's go . I will call you back . shit .. shit ... Dylan hurry into the crowd , look in every direction , try at the same time not to make himself too conspicuous , the sound of the crowd grow louder and louder , and we make a hard cut to : int . lobby bar - trump HOTEL - a hour later silence . alma sit on a stool at the bar , nursing a half - finish diet - coke . sip at it . call to the bartender : alma vargas Excuse I - this soda be kinda flat . 45 . bartender you be work on it for a while . she start to answer , when the sweaty businessman next to she get he courage up enough to make conversation : businessman in town for the show , right ? alma vargas Excuse I ? businessman for the magic show . or just here to try you luck ? alma vargas Little bit of both . businessman Robin hoods , right ? ( alma raise a eyebrow ) steal from the rich , right ? why should that scumbag have it all , right ? spread the goods . socialism my ass . spread it around , right ? alma do not know what to answer - then there be a tremendous shout from outside , and she turn to see the four horsemen exite the elevator into the lobby , flanke by a phalanx of security ; they move toward the front door , as the excited crowd outside press in towards they . alma vargas ( into she ear- piece ) in case anyone be wonder what that earthquake be -- they be on the move . ext . STREET alma push autograph , they ; there chaos : outside the HOTEL - moment later she way out into the crowd , as the magician sign make they way toward the limousine wait for be media everywhere . newscaster 's voice over the 46 . newscaster ( v.o . ) -- the four horseman , get a reception usually reserve for rock star , prepare to head to the historic paradise theater , and every bank , everywhere , be on high alert -- whatever this self - style maverick magician have plan , this time it will certainly have to be do without the benefit of the element of surprise ... ext . skyscraper - downtown manhattan - evening camera look up at the tower building , and the figure of a man step into frame , stop to let the traffic pass in front of he . hold on he back , as we superimpose the title : New York City - that very moment the figure step forward , cross the street , and enter the front door of the massive building . int . build lobby - continuous the walk up to the security desk , and stop in front of the guard : security guard can I help you ? reverse on the man -- glass , mustache , nondescript . we know we have see he before ; in fact , that he be someone we know , but in disguise . we just can not tell who . he speak with a strange off - kilter accent : disguise man I be go up to my office . security guard and you be -? disguise man ( show id ) Kaplan . George Kaplan . the Security Guard process the id ; then : security guard Nice to finally meet you , Mr. Kaplan . 47. int . 27th floor - build - moment later '' Mr. Kaplan '' exit the elevator , put on a pair of flesh colored latex glove , as he walk across the hallway toward glass door on which the logo be print : kaplan inc . int . reception area - kaplan inc . - continuous Mr. Kaplan enter , and the young woman behind the reception desk , a temp , look up , almost surprised : young temp hello ? can I help you , Mr ..? mr . kaplan Kaplan . you can call I George . young temp oh , Mr. Kaplan . I be wonder if anyone ever come to work here . I do not even think I have get a phone call since I - mr . kaplan slow time . you can go home now , I will not be need you anymore . young temp should I come in tomorrow ? because I should tell the agency my ... mr . kaplan that will not be necessary . i’11l make sure to tell the temp agency you do a bang up job . the temp rise , gather she thing , then : young temp if you do not mind my ask , what be it you do around here , anyway ? mr . kaplan oh , you know . a little of this , a little of that . ( smile ) good night . 48 . int . office - kaplan inc . - moment later Mr. Kaplan step into the spacious , but almost bare office . there be a single desk in the middle of the room , with a laptop computer and a telephone on it -- Mr. Kaplan sit at the desk , look up a phone number , then pick up the phone , dial , and : int . stonebridge life office - continuous a office assistant pick up the phone ; behind she we can see the logo for stonebridge life : assistant Arthur tressler 's office . int . office - kaplan inc . - continuous Mr. Kaplan speak into the phone with a completely different accent : mr . kaplan hi Julie , this be Stewart , from four horseman management . I just want to check if Mr. tressler will be at the show tonight , and see if there 's anything further we can do for he ? assistant ( on phone ) Mr. tressler 's already in Atlantic City . thanks for call - if he need anything , we will let you know . mr . kaplan my pleasure . he hang up the phone . then he open up a drawer , where we see a number of keys , access card , and mini - hard drive . int . build corridor - moment later Mr. Kaplan turn the corner and stop in front of the service elevator . he take out a key , and turn it in the elevator 's lock ... int . upper floor corridor - moment later Mr. Kaplan come out of the service elevator and into the corridor . he stop in front of a back door , swipe the electronic lock with a access card , and enter 49 . int . office space - continuous -- a hallway in a modern , corporate space . he walk casually down the hall , then stop at the corner , cautiously peer around it , to see the office assistant he be just speak to at she desk in front of the stonebridge life logo -- the two office be in the same building . Mr. Kaplan look to the side , where he see a FIRE alarm on the wall beside he ; he contemplate it for a second , then shake he head at the vulgarity of the idea . he turn back toward the assistant 's desk -- see there be a man work late in another office . so Mr. Kaplan clear he throat , gauge the angle , and speak at a volume ( '' throw he voice '' ) that make it seem like he voice be come from the man 's office : mr . kaplan hey , Julie - can you come here for a minute ? the assistant get up and walk to the far office ; and like a wisp of smoke Mr. Kaplan glide by behind she and walk to the door of tressler 's office -- it 's lock . he quickly take out a skeleton key , slide it into the lock , open the door and slip into the office , quickly close the door behind himself with hardly a sound ... int . paradise theater - lobby - atlantic CITY - evening the crowd filing in be subject to metal - detector search by security guard at the door ; thaddeus BRADLEY allow himself to be searched , then stroll into the lobby , and we rack focus to alma vargas , hold she ever- present diet Coke ; she notice thaddeus enter , then she turn as dylan step up beside she : dylan anything interesting ? alma vargas not unless you count the magical way the bubbles seem to disappear from the diet Coke around here . we boy go backstage as soon as they arrive -- you ? 50 . dylan I ... lose Bradley . just spot he outside the theater ten minute ago . he could have be anywhere . ext . helipad - atlantic CITY - night a helicopter touch down on the tarmac . a figure hop out , and we see that it be '' GEORGE kaplan '' - who hurry into a wait car , and ext . back alley entrance - paradise theater - night agent fuller speak into he cel-phone , bored as hell : agent fuller -- nothing do . no backstage traffic since the horseman come in . what the hell be we do here , anyway ? so maybe this guy rob some french bank - who the hell care ? let the goddam french deal with it . int . paradise theater - lobby - night the stand - by ticket holder be be herde in by usher who be do they best to keep order : usher stand - by ticket ... stand by ticket holder only . Dylan have he phone to he ear , alma stand beside he : dylan ( into phone ) it 's not just what they do -- it 's what they might do . just chow down on some freedom fries and keep you eye open . angle behind dylan : filing in unnotice with the last of the crowd , be '' GEORGE kaplan '' -- or at least he 's unnotice by Dylan and alma ; for as he saunter into the theater , the camera stop on thaddeus BRADLEY sitting in a corner seat . as '' George Kaplan '' pass , thaddeus allow himself a smile . 51 . back to dylan and alma Dylan look at he watch , mutter : dylan ( cont ’d ) showtime . either this be a big wank , or they be so far ahead of we it be not funny . alma vargas oh , come on ... admit it . dylan admit what ? alma vargas part of you want to see what this guy be go try to pull off , just like everyone else in here . ( smile ) and we have get front row seat . int . backstage corridor - continuous dolly behind '' GEORGE kaplan '' as he hurry through the narrow corridor - he reach up as he go , pull at he face , and though we be behind he we see he be take off he glass ... he mustache ... strip of latex '' skin '' ... int . dressing room - continuous start close on alex hero - make a deck of card leap from one hand to the other - like a athlete warming up ; say : alex this be bullshit . he could call . do not have to keep we in suspense and whatnot , like we be a bunch of rube . people wait on Alex hero , not the other way around . camera move to RODERIGO , fix he gaudy shirt in the mirror : RODERIGO talk about yourself in third person again , cabrone , you will be pull that card out of you ass . we do we job . he will do he . either way , we have a show to do . camera move to london osborne , sit in he chair like a zen-master : 52 . london oh , we be go full gun tonight . no doubt about that . alex ( 0.s. ) yeah ? why be you so sure about it ? london ' Cause I can see the bloody future . london look up and the camera follows he look to the door which swing OPEN as if on cue , revealing : michael atlas -- wiping off the last of he '' George Kaplan '' make -up . michael atlas game on . int . paradise theater - moment later a spectacular lightshow split the darkness -- accompanied by the sound of heavy metal rock and roll , and the four horsemen appear onstage look out at the cheer crowd ... angle on thaddeus winecing at the music , disgust , he wad up some toilet paper and stick it into he ear , as michael atlas step to the foot of the stage : michael atlas audience for magic can be a tricky bunch . some be happy to suspend they disbelief . other be constantly look for the rabbit under the hat , the trap door , the trick wire . you know who you be ... ( laughter from the crowd ) as you all know , tonight be the second of we three show , and we be lucky to have some special guest with we . there in back , stick toilet paper in he ear , be none other than thaddeus Bradley . he will be happy to tell you how he think we pull off tonight 's show ... if you can find he dvd 's bury in the back of the discount rack at you local video store . 53 . some boos mix with a few cheer . thaddeus give a wave to the crowd . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) we also have a contingent from the police and FBI with we . a pair of they right there in the front row ; and a handsome couple they be , too . Wave to the nice officer ... ( the crowd wave at alma and dylan ) they will seek , but they shall not find . for tonight we inhabit the theater of mystery , where we be all once again wide - eye child , awed by magic and wonder . tonight -- the four horseman ride . and we go into a montage of the fantastic show : RODERIGO '' fly '' above the audience , sailing over they delighted upturn face ... london look on as a obese man walk across the stage on he hand , like a gymnast ... a mercifully short clip of alex hero sing the single most annoying song in the history of show business ... michael atlas move in front of a display of mirror with a audience member , they reflection behave differently than they real - life counterpart onstage , and dylan and alma look at each other ; there be a brief moment of tenderness between they . almost like a date . alma 's face tighten as she remember something , and she whisper : alma vargas hey . what I say to you before , about you daughter . I be out of line . I be ... dylan you be right . but thanks . then the final illusion end with a flash and the theater be plunged into darkness -- over black , we hear : 54 . michael atlas ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman , we be glad to have be able to take you mind off you trouble with a hour 's divertissement ... the light come back up illuminate michael , in he T-shirt and jeans , stand at the foot of the now bare stage . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) but I can not leave this stage in good conscience without acknowledge that we be live in troubled time ... the audience roar in anticipation at the sound of this word -- this be the moment they have be wait for . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) at this point I have like to introduce we generous sponsor , Mr. Arthur tressler , president of stonebridge life . the ticket tonight be free , but someone have to foot the bill . where be you , Arthur ? arthur tressler , sixty , slick white hair , kiss he trophy girlfriend and stand , wave to the crowd . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) do not sit down just yet , Arthur . we be go to put you to work . ( to the crowd ) we final number be call '' the case of the vanish money '' - prosaic , I admit , but accurate . how many of you out there have you ATM card with you ? ( hand go up ) how many of you know you account balance ? ( many hand stay up ) Arthur , would you be so good as to pick a volunteer from we audience ? everyone 's wave they bank card -- Arthur tressler spot and point at a middle age , african american woman . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) bring she on up , Arthur . tressler somewhat reluctantly move into the aisle and escort the woman up to the stage . 55 . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) I can see Arthur have a eye for good look lady -- what 's you name , mar ’am ? african -american woman gloria . michael atlas Lovely name for a lovely lady . ( to tressler ) and would you mind stay up here on stage with we for a bit , Arthur ? ( to the crowd ) a big hand for Mr. tressler ! tressler stay put , start to chafe . Michael turn back to gloria : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) how about that bank card ? gloria take it out of she bag , and move to hand it to Michael ; but : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) no , you hold on to that , gloria . you know how much you have in you account ? gloria unfortunately I do . it 's only - michael atlas - hold on to that think , gloria . in the meantime , we be go to bring out we own specially design ATM machine -- roderigo ? RODERIGO santayana wheel out a old fashioned blackboard into the middle of the stage , to the laughter of the audience : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) that 's it ? RODERIGO I be on a budget , hombre . Michael turn to the other side of the stage : 56 . michael atlas alright , I be gonna need a little extra help with this one . London ? london osborne stroll over to the blackboard , as Michael turn back to the audience : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) remember , I do not pick gloria . we assistant for the evening , Mr. Arthur tressler do . if you think he 's in on this ... stick around . ( then ) gloria , I want you to think of you password . london take out a piece of chalk , scribbles on the reverse - side of the blackboard . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) okay , you get it ? ( gloria nod ) London ? London flip the blackboard over - he 's write '' snuffle '' on it with the chalk . gloria 's eye widen : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) sound like a cutie . and you account balance be ... london scribble on the other side , flip the board over , and it show : $ 19.46 michael atlas ( cont ’d ) ( wince ) okay . that 's a modest sum . do not you think so , Arthur ? arthur tressler I ... guess it be . michael atlas actually it 's a crime , that 's what it be . ( to tressler ) would you like to hold up you ATM card for we , Arthur ? arthur tressler no . I do not suppose I would . 57 . the crowd erupt in boos . tressler grit he tooth , reach into he pocket , and take out he ATM card , keep it tightly grip in he hand . michael atlas London , what be Mr. tressler 's password ? London scribbles on the back of the blackboard - flip it over to reveal the word : asshole the crowd erupt in laughter -- Michael quiet they down , turn to London again : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) and he current bank balance ? London scribbles on the board , flip it over , and we see - 258,800,045 . the crowd gasp . Michael smile at tressler : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) look about right ? minus the tip you give the limo driver on the way over . actually , I hear you be a pretty lousy tipper .. ( tressler be now glaring at Michael in open fury ) lady and gentleman , we sponsor know a little bit about magic as well . you see , Arthur tressler like to buy insurance company at discount price , and then make they asset disappear . well , they do not really disappear : he take that asset which be to be keep safe for payout to he customer , and deposit they into he own account . and they call we crook . London erase 800,000 from tressler 's account on the board ; then flip the board around , and show that gloria 's account be now show $ 800,019.50 . the crowd laugh ; but : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) I know ... it 's just number on a blackboard . Mr. tressler , would you care to check you bank balance ? tressler take out he cell - phone , press a few number on the screen ; and suddenly 58 . screen all around the stage come to life ; replicate the image of tressler 's cell - phone screen . his account show 258,000,045 -- eight hundred thousand dollar be miss . arthur tressler this better be a joke , atlas . michael atlas or what ? you will call the cop ? they be already here , remember ? I be sure they 's 1ll have plenty of question for you on the way out . but before that ... ( to the audience ) everyone 's hear about all the money raining down at we last show - due to circumstance beyond we control , that will not be happen tonight . the crowd boos loudly ; Michael raise he hand : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) but cash be so old school , do not you think ? never let it be say the four horseman do not move with the time . ( smile ) how many of you have this new - fangle phone with high speed internet and whatnot ? a scatter of hand go up . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) allow I to bring the rest of you into the 21st century . would you all check you pocket ... you hand - bag ? angle on the audience : all find new phone nestle in they pocket and personal belonging . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) the X - phone , make by nakano - we new sponsor - which we be gonna need , consider what 's about to happen to we old one . now , if you turn that on , you will find all you information have be transfer to you new phone . address , phone number and everything . 59 . high angle on the audience as the phone be turn on , the darkness illuminate by the blue screen like the sky be fill with a thousand star . michael atlas ( v.0o . ) tonight 's audience be suppose to be choose by a random draw . but I have to admit , we cheat . everyone here have one thing in common -- you be all customer of company Arthur tressler have purchase . you believe yourselves to be in good hand - but if you need a large payout there will be nothing in the bank .... angle on the audience : distraught face light blue by the phone . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) he 's be hustling you like a street - corner shell - game artist . when audite he move the money from one account to another . he have rob each and every one of you . ( pause ) but fear not . tonight this theater be a true house of magic ... angle on dylan and alma : look around themselves , as the air be fill with glitter confetti that rise from the floor upwards -- the entire space fill with pixie dust . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) let it surround you . and now access you account , and check you brand new bank balance . finger punch keyboard -- the screen on stage show account filling up with large number -- while the screen that hold tressler 's account show he number steadily diminishing , and cur to : arthur tressler hiding he face from a hundre camera flash as he try to get to he limo in the parking lot behind the theater ; be shout from all direction ... the camera boom up on the hectic scene , as tressler be swallow up in the mass of camera , reporter and surging onlooker ; on the soundtrack : 60 . newscaster ( v.0 . ) -- in a theatrical twist , Arthur tressler , president of stonebridge life insurance , be expose as a criminal by the four horseman , whose show be sponsor by he own company ..+. + televised image show a huge crowd shouting at tressler and hold up '' four horsemen '' banner : newscaster ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) -- meanwhile horseman fever be grow ; once mere entertainer , they be quickly become folk heroes -- and with they third , and reportedly final show come up in three day , the question on everyone 's mind be - can they top themselves ? reverse show dylan and alma at the bar in the trump HOTEL : watch the television with mix emotion . alma click off she phone : alma vargas the horseman be in the air . dylan yeah . alma vargas on they way to LA . dylan yeah . alma vargas we flight leave in three hour . Dylan finish he drink - turn to alma . dylan that leave we with two hour . alma hesitates , consider , then : alma vargas I know what it 's like , when thing go bad in a marriage . when mine end , well , let 's just say I be ho girl scout . I know this could be something more ... ( more ) 61 . alma vargas ( cont 'd ) ppause ) but I have spend the last five year of my life busting underage movie star for do coke and over the hill singer for do underage girl , and all of they for drive under the influence afterwards . this be my first real case , and I will not mess up because I be be distract by ... personal matter . ( meaningfully ) like you do . alma lean close to Dylan , they lip almost touch . alma vargas ( cont ’d ) see you on the plane , agent Hobbes . hold on dylan 's face , as alma walk away . agent fuller ( v.0o . ) talk about preparation ... int . kaplan inc . office - day quick image : FBI agent milling around the space , dusting for fingerprint on the furniture , on the phone , while we hear agent fuller on the soundtrack : agent fuller ( v.0o . ) -- some dummy company , Kaplan Inc. , lease out office space in the stonebridge life building month before last night 's show . they have access to the building ; blueprint the entire space . they steal access card , key , you name it , and from internal phone record and security file , gain access to stonebridge 's entire database as well ... image of agent question a number of young temps , the one we see in the scene with '' George Kaplan '' among they : agent fuller ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) -- they hire temp , never for more than three day at a time , none of whom ever see anyone who work at the company . ( more ) 62 . agent fuller ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) on the night of the show , a Mr. George Kaplan finally put in a appearance , and apparently break into Arthur tressler 's office , access he private computer and account ... int . FBI headquarters - operation CENTER - day agent fuller finish fill in Dylan , sac hernandez and thaddeus Bradley : agent fuller -- and the rest be history . hernandez the money for the office rent come out of stonebridge life 's own coffer . this guy be real good , and they be make we look real bad . ( hard ) Three day to they last show . we get catch with we pants down again , head be gonna roll . thaddeus Bradley be chuckle ; the other turn to he : agent fuller what 's so goddamn funny ? thaddeus '' George Kaplan . '' hernandez what about he ? thaddeus I make Michael atlas in disguise , slip into the theater at the last minute before the show . clearly , he get past you eagle - eye without much of a effort . dylan atlas be with the other from the moment they leave the hotel . Inspector vargas see he with she own eye . 63 . thaddeus she see someone disguise as Michael atlas , while atlas himself be in New York City , disguise as '' George Kaplan . '' ( smile ) he always do have a unhealthy fascination with cary grant . dylan alright . maybe there be a fifth horseman . probably the same one who be in disguise as the other in Vegas , while they be in Paris , pull off the bank job , but - agent fuller five horseman , six horseman ... how do we know there be not ten of they ? how do we know they be not a front for a whole bunch of guy -? thaddeus unlikely . I would not waste precious time contemplate it . dylan what would you do , Bradley ? I be sick of you tell we what we do not know , without give we anything we can actually use -- for all we know you be the fifth horseman . thaddeus which be why you have I follow all day in Atlantic City . be you my shadow , agent Hobbes ? whoever it be , I must admit he be rather good , I could not make head or tail of he ... Dylan 's face be tight . he say nothing , bite down he embarrassment , as thaddeus continue : thaddeus ( cont ’d ) in any case , it 's you job to make the case stick . I be here to tell you what I know , which at present be a hell of a lot more than you do . ( turn to agent fuller ) ( more ) 64 . thaddeus ( cont ’d ) - and to spare you the price of a discount dvd : the new phone be simply slip into the audience 's bag and pocket when they pass through '' security '' ; a illusionist might employ a dozen such sleight of hand artist and cutpurse at any give show . agent fuller I might be a rube , but even I kinda figure that . in fact this whole tressler thing be not all that much of a trick , you ask I . thaddeus it be not mean to be . it 's call the '' mezzo '' - a kind of entre-acte . not particularly impressive on its own , but design to get the audience on you side - which they certainly have succeed in do - while lay the groundwork for a final denouement . agent fuller what I do not get be why they be do all this and not keep any of the money . thaddeus the four horseman 's method might be mysterious , but they motive be not . they be not after wealth . they be after fame , immortality . to be mention in the same breath as Robert -houdin , Hermann , houdini . ( pause ) but who would risk life in prison only to remain anonymous in success ? this fifth horseman - and there be a fifth , without a doubt - he motive be as mysterious as he method . dylan you know what I do not buy ? you motive . you tell we you want to be relevant - but what you be be hate . you break the code of you own kind every day , and for what ? a few buck , fifteen minute of fame ? do not you have any sense of honor ? 65 . thaddeus be there something you love , agent Hobbes ? that you would protect even at the expense of you own happiness or reputation ? Dylan give no answer . thaddeus continue : thaddeus ( cont ’d ) there be a legend - nothing we magic type love more than a good legend - of a secret sect of magician that exist at the beginning of we order 's inception . perhaps as long ago as ancient mesopotamia . this sect be know as '' the Eye '' - ( smile ) - where do you think the mason get it from ? '' the Eye '' be a cult within a cult ; a secret society whose task it be to uphold the honor of the craft - something like you own Internal affair Department , yes ? and when a rogue magician overstep he bound , or misus he craft , it be the task of the Eye to bring he down in a manner that would restore the honor of the order . thaddeus 's voice be low , but he emotion be boil : thaddeus ( cont ’d ) most of my '' kind '' as you put it , have devolve into a shameful lot of showboat Hollywood wannabe and Las Vegas whore . they have turn magic into vulgar pornography . unfortunately , there be no secret order to protect my beloved art , so I have take that onerous task upon my own shoulder . dylan for a six figure television deal . thaddeus Fire with fire , agent Hobbes . alma have enter the doorway , a sheaf of papers in she hand : 66 . alma vargas how about we protect we reputation as law enforcement officer , before this guy make we look like a bunch of rank amateur again ? ( then ) while you have be kill valuable time give each other the macho stare - down , I find something you should see . int . data CENTER - FBI office - moment later alma be stand in front of several computer , sheave of paper scattered all around she , as the other look on : alma vargas I use the bureau 's code to trace every account tressler have stashed he ill get gain in ... amazing , the access you guy have , by the way . dylan yeah , thanks to Osama . we get in there after 9 - 11 , and never leave . agent fuller why we vote Republican . alma vargas right . in any case , among many other bank around the world , Arthur tressler have a fairly significant account with credit lyonnais . dylan among many other bank . alma vargas but he only have a secure safety deposit box in one . agent fuller Arthur tressler have a safety deposit box in Paris ? in the bank branch the four horseman rob ? alma vargas I , of course , do not have the authority to have it searched . you , on the other hand ... 67 . Dylan smile admiringly at alma : dylan - be about to turn the light up on the four horseman 's little party . int . bar / discotheque - night RODERIGO santayana be surround by silicon blond , do body shot . alex hero be next to he , chat up a pretty girl ; title read : skybar - Los Angeles - California alex girl , I be not talk about hip hop . I be talk about r&b - romance . I steal you heart , baby . album cover be like , get one hand like this - ( cover the girl 's breast with he hand ) the other be hold the Ace of heart , you know , like that shit be you heart , and I steal it . Alex feel another body , turn to find himself face a attractive british woman ; a cameraman with a small camera behind she : british woman Alex - I be thelma Jones , from Sky News . would you - alex sorry mar ’am , this be a business - free zone , know what I mean ? you want a interview , call - british woman oh , come on , do you know what I have to do to get the bouncer to let we in here ? show we a little magic , will not you , love ? Alex hold he finger to he head , squeeze he eye shut : alex my power tell I ... you be wear red underwear with pink lace . 68 . british woman I do not know you be a mentalist , too . alex I be not . he hold up the pair of red pantie -- the british woman 's eye open wide ; she check under she dress , then gasp in disbelief , and : london that 'il be enough of that . London take the underwear from Alex 's hand and give it back to the british woman ; turn back to Alex : london ( cont ’d ) it 's time . ext . gas station - night michael atlas be stand at the pay-phone , speak as car whizz by on sunset boulevard : michael atlas just give I the word , and we be on . ( listen ; and ) alright . fire up , ready to go . int . lobby - ST . jame HOTEL - night Michael sign a few autographs as he make he way toward the elevator ; hand a kid a extra napkin and say - — michael atlas hey , see that guy over there , at the bar ? can you give this to he ? the kid nod , hurry to a man sit at the bar , sip a martini , and hand he the napkin ; the man unfold it , see there 's a twenty dollar bill in there , and write on the napkin : have one on I , Mr. g-man - nighty night . int . HOTEL room - moment later Michael step inside , then stop in the foyer as he see : london osborne , RODERIGO and alex hero all be there wait for he . 69 . michael atlas let yourself in , why do not you ? ( no answer ) I detect a ide of March vibe in here . be you hide dagger under you sleeve ? london who be he ? Michael know this be come ; he sigh , shaking he head : michael atlas we have be through this . I do not know . RODERIGO when I be a young apprentice touring with reynaldino , he find out he daughter be slip into my room . one morning in Las carne I go to the outhouse to do what you do in a outhouse . when I open the door I find myself in carboneras , two hundred kilometer away . take I three year to figure out how he do that . I swore from that day on I would be the one pull the string . I do not like this . michael atlas do not like what ? be the talk of the entire world ? famous beyond you wildest dream ? ( real emotion seeping in ) you know what I remember about my youth ? tv dinner . reruns . volume turn up to drow out my parent 's squabble du jour . try to make myself be small , to disappear . to be nothing . that 's what I swore I have never go back to . ( pause ) no one will ever forget what we be do , as long as magic be talk about . the other watch Michael simmer down . they have never see he like this ; then : 70 . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) the horseman be he idea . he bring I in , and I come to you . he 's do everything he say he would , to at . and he only stipulation be anonymity . london that 's a big bloody stipulation . michael atlas he be right there with you in Atlantic City , wear my face . if you be so concerned , you should have ask he yourself . london I do . he tell I to sod off . alex London try to put the stare on he , too ... guy laugh in he face . some funny shit , home . london whoever this bloke be , he 's good . and plugge in as hell . everything he tell we to say to provoke that fed be spot on . get they hot to trot like greyhound on a hare . michael atlas so what 's the problem ? alex it 's all be good so far , but we be about to get into the big money . how do we know he 's not set we up to eat it this time . michael atlas we do not . london make it bloody dangerous , mate . michael atlas bloody dangerous . and bloody fun . ( then ) be the four horseman go out on a cute credit scam trick -- or be we go out on top of the world ? 71 . the other consider Michael 's word , then : london top o’ the world , ma. int . computer room - FBI headquarters - night image of a security BOX - shot from every angle - appear in various size on a series of monitor ; a forensic agent 's voice speak : forensics agent ( v.0o . ) magnify image show the lock be jimmied . hardly a scratch . good work . they definitely get in there . Dylan , alma vargas , agent fuller , thaddeus Bradley and a handful of FBI agent be study the image on the screen . agent fuller and what the hell be in there ? alma read from a print out list : alma vargas a couple of diamond ring - the kind you give a girl you want to convince of you intention . ora couple of girl . a watch with he father 's inscription on it . a letter from a ex-wife . and that , as they say , be all she write . thaddeus they do not break into that box only to leave everything in it intact . there have to be something you be miss . dylan you be right about that . in fact , I have they go over the base of the box with one of that '' scientific instrument we be so proud of '' - a infra-blue scanner . image of the bottom of the BOX appear on the monitor ; there be a imprint visible -- line that look like a corner from a architectural blueprint , as well as several number , CUT off in the middle . 72 . dylan ( cont ’d ) residue from blueprint of some kind . printed on good old fashioned carbon paper . ( to thaddeus ) see , around here , we do real magic . alma vargas blueprint for what ? dylan impossible to tell , with the little we have get . what about the number ? a young agent turn from the screen he be study : agent last id number of every Federal Building in California . where 's they . .? dylan they next show be in LA - tomorrow night . but that do not mean much . they pull off they robbery a good distance away from they show both time , and - thaddeus actually , the second location be a good deal closer than the first . they preparation time for this one will be even less , and wherever they be plan to ... young agent the money factory . dylan the what ? young agent the Federal Reserve Printing House , in salinas . it 's about twenty mile East of downtown LA . last number before the code be cut off match ... he type a few key , and all the screen show '' the money factory '' - a squat , industrial build situate in the middle of a humdrum neighborhood . 73 . agent fuller how much money do a place like that print ? the Young agent type again , and : young agent eight . hundre . million . Cash . every day . no such facility have ever be compromise -- ever . the agent fall silent . then : agent fuller this guy get some ball on ‘em . ext . arthur tressler 's mansion - day there be several unmarked car in the driveway , the occupant of the mansion be under house arrest ; on the soundtrack : dylan ( v.o. ) tell we about the money factory . int . live room - tressler 's mansion - continuous Arthur tressler be seat in front of a lavish fireplace , seethe , as he face Dylan and alma vargas : arthur tressler I do not know what you be talk about . alma vargas we follow you money , find you account at the credit lyonnais in Paris . we also find you security deposit box there , and what be in it . arthur tressler you go into my private box ? there be law that - dylan we do not go into it . the french do , under the blanket of financial terrorism law too complicated for I to - arthur tressler - so what ? so you find my father 's watch ... 74 . alma vargas - and two ring . arthur tressler there 's more than one pretty girl in Paris . dylan and the blueprint for the money Factory . arthur tressler I swear to Christ , I do not know what that be . dylan the Federal Reserve Printing House , in salinas . we also trace payment to employee who work at that facility , cleverly funnel so as not to compromise they identity . ( then ) be you siphon freshly print money from the US government , Mr. tressler ? arthur tressler I be not . I be be set up by that four goddamn magician , you moron . alma vargas maybe , maybe not . if you 's 1ll excuse I for say so , you be a hard man to trust , Mr. tressler . dylan there be , however , one thing we do know with certainty -- the only way to breach a facility like that be with someone on the inside . we want the name of the employee you send money to , and we want they now . arthur tressler I tell you , I have no idea what you be talk about . the horseman be able to access my account -- they could be pay whoever they want to with my money . ( hard ) ( more ) 75 . arthur tressler ( cont 'd ) you want to find this guy , you be gonna have to do it yourselves . ext . bar - east los angele - night music blast through the window -- motorcycle be park in a row in front ; this be as openly bad - ass a bar as can be imagine , and london osborne step into frame : walk toward the bar , listen to the voice in he ear- piece : voice ( on phone ) you find it ? london yeah , I bloody find it , mate . someday , when I find out who you be , I ’1ll return the favor . cheer . int . bar - a moment later - night London walk into the raucous space ; he 's wear glass , a hat , nothing major , just enough to keep he from be easily recognizable . he push he way to the bar , jostling a big bruiser and lean toward the bartender , who 's shoulder we be over : london I 'il have a guinness . bartender do not have guinness . london then how about a bloody mojito ? not too leafy . the bartender step out of frame , and London take in he surroundings , until the bartender slam some kind of drink down in front of he . bartender mojitos be eight buck . ten for you . london make it twenty , for all I care . this bloke here with the rancid breath be pay for it , innat right ? the big bruiser can hardly believe he ear : 76 . big bruiser I be buyin 's a plot for you grave , asshole . london and I think the English have bad tooth . tell you what , why do not you give he thirty and we 'il call it a day . big bruiser I be about to end you life . london no you be not . you be weak . you be weak as a baby . you be so bloody weak I can bring you to you knee with my little finger - London reach out , press the Big bruiser 's shoulder with a finger , and to the shock of everyone around the bar , the guy slowly sink down to he knee . London look around , smile : london ( cont ’d ) next round be on I . ext . ST . jame HOTEL - day camera boom down the white deco exterior , as we hear a agent 's voice on the soundtrack : agenta voice ( v.0 . ) we lose osborne somewhere on the East side . guy be a really tough follow . stop on a car sit across the street from the hotel ; agent fuller , eat a ham sandwich , within : agent fuller ( in phone ) Roger that . the other be still in the hotel - least we do not make any of ‘em leave -- be not that right ? pan over to thaddeus BRADLEY , sit beside fuller , look very put out : thaddeus not that I have notice . 77 . agent fuller keep you eye peel , in case one of ‘em try something funny . the rest of we might miss it -- be such a big bunch of rube and all . thaddeus I 'il do my best - that be , if I can make anything out through the haze of onion wafting from that thing you be shove into you maw . crack open a window , will you ? agent fuller glare at thaddeus , then reach for the window - release ... as the window go down we see , at the crosswalk a homeless man in a hoodie try to wipe the windshield of irate driver 's window , move further and further away with each consecutive car , and we dolly in on thaddeus as a smile of recognition spread across he face . ext . STREET - bureau of engrave & printing - day Dylan and alma step out of a unmark car . they take in the area : the security camera hide in the street - light , the guard perch at the top of the building ; title card read : Bureau of engrave and Printing - City of salinas alma vargas damn . I could leave my wallet on the ground , catch a movie , and nobody would steal it . not on this block . Dylan shoot alma a look and head for the door ; we hear on the soundtrack : lt . thomas ( v.0o . ) -- you think this hocus pocus guy be go to try to rob this facility ..? int . money factory - conference room - later Dylan and alma stand across from lt . thomas and officer siegel . 78 . lt . thomas -- next thing siegfry and Roy be gonna knock over the US mint . dylan have not hear about that , but thanks for the tip . lt . thomas let I give you a little history lesson . the bep have be around since 1861 , and in that time , in all we facility , do you know how many successful robbery there have be ? Zero . not one . officer siegel we be not some we be not some ragtag rent -a- cop . we be the bep police force . no one 's get in here . lt . thomas there have be attempt before , sure . but they have always be inside job , and they have always be catch . dylan I do not say it be not go to be a inside job -- in part . ( then ) we have indication that they have blueprint to this facility . they know the exact location of every nail and screw drill into this place , and - officer siegel and it will not make a difference . dylan show I why not . int . MAIN floor - money factory - moment later alma and Dylan be at the x-ray machine . they dump they money and change into bin , as Officer Siegel and Lt. Thomas watch on . 79 . officer siegel no money enter the money Factory , or leave the money Factory . except the money we print . they step into the bustling space . heavy machinery hum all around . a worker push a large pallet of glass - encase bill across the floor . dylan how much cash just roll by ? Lt. Thomas shrug , use to this : lt . thomas a lot . worker swipe they card to move from one area of the gated area to another . armed guard watch the floor from a catwalk high above they . lt . thomas ( cont ’d ) this man be the best in the business . everyone in this room have ssbi , sci and sap level security clearance . they could care less about money . alma vargas except for the one receive anonymous payment from the man who have somehow gain possession of the blueprint to this facility . lt . thomas want to tell I who they be ? alma vargas sure I want to . we just do not know . lo. thomas yeah . be sure to let we know when you find out . they stop in front of a cage in holding area where the pallet of bill have be wheeled into ; the gate shut behind it . 80 . lt . thomas ( cont ’d ) the new print money stay here . it 's collect by armored truck in the morning , and deliver to bank all over the southland . dylan and there 's how many dollar in here on a give night ? lt . thomas eight hundred and fifty million . Dylan and alma share a awed look ; and int . control room - money factory - moment later the bep cop show Dylan and alma the small space , surround by monitor : alma vargas let 's assume we boy be go to hit this place . tonight . if you be they , know what you know about this facility , how would you get in ? lt . thomas I would not . there be camera in every corner of the building . every employee use a scan card to move from one section to another . anyone go where they do not belong , the gate come down . we get we guy . we get we money . alma vargas except for you . lt . thomas what ? alma vargas you just open three door in a row to allow we in here ; clearly you have a master pass that allow you access to the entire building . lt . thomas ( countenance darken ) what be you say ? sl . alma vargas just that if someone want to rob this place ... it would help if they know you . lt . thomas except for one thing , detective . everyone would know it be I . ( hard ) I spend enough time behind bar during the day . I do not have any desire to spend my night the same way . officer siegel everyone here 's give the strictest background check . you be free to run another , anytime . dylan time 's the one thing we do not have . lt . thomas you get the jump on this guy . you know they be gonna try and hit this place , and they do not know you know it . you be so worried , cordon we off , no one get in , no one get out . ( smile ) show never happen . ext . unmarked car - outside money factory - later Dylan and alma sit side by side , silent . then : alma vargas he 's right . dylan yeah . cordon it off . like the Green Zone in Baghdad . no robbery ... alma vargas no arrest . ( beat ) fuck that . ext . STREET outside ST . jame HOTEL - los angele - day the '' homeless man '' be shuffle down a side - street ; we rack focus to reveal that we be look at he from 82 . inside the unmarked car which agent fuller drive , thaddeus beside he : thaddeus keep on he . it 's the boy , Alex hero . no doubt about it . zoom in to the '' homeless man '' - and we see there be a ear - piece hide under he hair . his lip be move . back to agent fuller : who speak to the car - phone : agent fuller you guy have he on audio ? int . FBI van - moving - continuous several agent occupy the van , drive on a parallel street ; listen to high - sensitivity audio device : FBI agent yeah , we get he . he 's on right now . homeless man ( on audio ) -- yo , I have be make . I be sure of it . they be on I . I be abort . answering voice ( on audio ) no way . we be commit and we be on the clock . lose they . whatever it take . int . agent fuller 's car - continuous through the window agent fuller see '' homeless man '' make a sudden turn into a one way alley , hurry in the other direction , and : agent fuller damn . he spin the wheel , and tear up the street in order to catch up with the '' homeless man '' at the other end of the block ; thaddeus hold on tightly , as they round the corner and see the '' homeless man '' open the door of a parked audi ; he slip into the vehicle -- we can see he hand reach under the dash , and the engine hum to life . 83 . agent fuller ( cont ’d ) I do not believe it . this little bastard be gonna make I chase he ass . this be gonna get - voom ! '' homeless man '' tear out of the parking spot and roar right past the agent fuller 's car , racing in the opposite direction ; and agent fuller make a hard U - turn , burn rubber , and give chase ; thaddeus shout : thaddeus let I out . I do not sign up for this . agent fuller you want credit for break the case , you gotta be there when it get break ! ( grin ) maybe you will get a new tv show . and they tear down the STREET after the audi , as : int . audi - continuous the sweat '' homeless man '' shout into he ear- piece : homeless man they be on my ass , yo . this be not what I do , do you hear I ? this be not what I do . int . FBI van - moving - continuous the agent drive do he best to keep up on the parallel street , as they hear from they equipment : answering voice ( on audio ) if they can see you , they can hear you . no more communication . you be on you own . homeless man ( on audio ) hey ..! but the line 's go dead ; nothing but static , and : 84 . ext . los angele STREET - continuous the '' homeless man '' drive the audi toward the freeway , follow closely by agent fuller , who be clearly a more experience and steady driver ... there be a few breathtakingly dangerous lane change between they ... then the audi veer right toward the 101 freeway , only he be head toward the off - ramp -- the '' homeless man '' jerk sharply on he wheel to avoid oncoming traffic , and the audi jump the median , fall a short way and smashes onto its roof on the pavement below , as traffic screech to a stop all around he ... angle on fuller 's car : as agent fuller throw open the door and run down the median toward the upturn audi , where the homeless man be visible -- upside down , blood pour down he face , eye blood - shot , try to pull himself free , but he 's stick , and : agent fuller do not move , boy . stay where you be , and I will have a ambulance here in a - boom ! the rear gas-tank of the audi explode -- FIRE instantaneously spread across the car , envelop the homeless man , who reach out , scream , and whoom ! agent fuller duck , cover he head as the audi be tear apart by the terrible explosion . when he look up , all he can see be a burn wreck , the burn body silhouett in the midst of the raging inferno ; and int . FBI headquarters - los angele - day sac hernandez snap at agent fuller , Dylan , alma and thaddeus Bradley , as well as a handful of FBI agent : hernandez let I get this straight . this guy be the Beatles , and you just toast ringo . dylan actually , he be more like George , if you ask - 85 . agent fuller Jesus , Dylan . it 's not funny . he might have be a prick , but he be just a kid . just a goddamn kid ... hernandez and you waste he . you be suppose to be shadow he , not engage in high speed chase . when the world get wind of this , we be good and screw . ( pause ) this be we last chance to nail this bastard , and you blow it . thaddeus not necessarily . every head turn toward thaddeus : hernandez you seriously think they be gonna go on with they plan without he ? thaddeus atlas still do not know we know where he 's plan to strike . he be motivate by ego . he shuffles around in a T-shirt , but ego be what drive he . ( then ) challenge he there , and you 'il have you show . you just better start run yours as well as he 's be run he . ext . los angele sport arena - afternoon several unmarked car screech to a halt in the parking lot ; the door fly open , and Dylan , alma vargas , agent fuller and thaddeus Bradley step out , accompany by a few more agent , and head toward the arena entrance ... int . arena stage - moment later michael atlas be give direction to the electrician , when he turn to see thaddeus and the officer stride towards he : 86. michael atlas this be a close rehearsal . unless you have a warrant , I be go to have to ask you to get the hell out of here . dylan he 's dead . Michael stop in he track . say nothing , wait : dylan ( cont ’d ) the kid . Alex hero. Dead . Michael motion to the electrician , who leave the area . he stand alone on the stage . dylan ( cont ’d ) he die try to slip we , because of this stupid game you have be play . michael atlas I have like to see he . his body . alma vargas there 's not much leave to see , Mr. atlas . the remain be be examine by we forensic specialist . we will have result within the next few hour . but he be identify before the acci - michael atlas by whom ? ( turn to thaddeus ) by this bitter old bastard , who can hardly see past the tip of he own nose ? thaddeus if I be bitter , it 's about the farce you and you ilk have make of what be a honorable vocation . michael atlas honorable ? Magic be suppose to fun . you better get off you high horse - especially since it 's a trojan one . you do not know what honor be ... ( more ) 87 . michael atlas ( cont 'd ) you be just hope to hang around long enough to get material for some bullshit book or show , so you can say you be a part of this , make a few dollar off the back of real magician . thaddeus there 's nothing you know that I do not teach you , boy . michael atlas that so ? then tell they , thaddeus . tell they what I be go to do next , if you be so damn wise . thaddeus glare as Michael ; but he have no answer , so : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) no revelation ? then let I tell you : I be go to call my lawyer . because I do not think there 's anything wrong with Alex . I think you be hold he , to prevent he from perform tonight ; and I be gonna put you through a legal hell the like of which - dylan he 's dead , atlas . you can put that in whatever bank you be plan to knock over . but we come to offer you a deal . ( pause ) stop what you be do , and we will stop we investigation . slow it down , bit by bit , ' till this whole thing be just a footnote in the history book . go and forget . Michael 's eye narrow ; then : michael atlas the public have no idea about this yet , do they ? Alex be a rock star , and you moron kill he . gonna make waco look like a public relation coup for you people . ( hard smile ) this be not a game , agent Hobbes . this be a business . and in this business , the show always go on . 88 . Michael reach into he jacket ... and a couple of the agent instinctively reach for they gun . Michael 's hand come out hold a sheave of ticket . he hand they to Dylan and alma . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) third row , center aisle . curtain at nine o'clock sharp . and this time -- feel free to hold hand . cur to : cameras flashing -- light glaring reporter surround michael atlas , london osborne and RODERIGO as they give a hastily assemble PRESS conference : reporter # 1 -- in light of today 's tragedy , be you still go through with tonight 's performance ? RODERIGO of course . we be dedicate it to the memory of Alex . reporter # 2 how will it feel to go up there so soon after - london feel ? he be just a boy , and the bloody fed chase he to he death , how do you think it 's gonna feel ? int . FBI headquarters - los angele - continuous the agent listen to a number of television that be on in the b.g. while they prepare for they night 's mission : dylan Christ , look at this prick . kid get kill , and he call a press conference . alma vargas that 's show business , right ? some of tv’s show the burning car on the freeway as capture on video : 89 . newscaster ( v.o . ) -- this burn wreck on the 101 freeway be the fiery tomb of Alex hero , the youngest and perhaps brashest of the four horseman ... on other tv 's the PRESS conference be playing : reporter # 3 ( on monitor ) can we expect the kind of surprise finale we have see at you previous show ? michael atlas ( on monitor ) if I tell you , it would not be a surprise . agent fuller punch the tv off , simmer with anger ; slam a clip into he .45 . agent fuller this guy be so in love with surprise . let 's give ‘em one . sac hernandez step up in front of the agent , commanding instant attention : hernandez one more time . we do not want to prevent this robbery , we want to catch this bastard in the act ... ext . street outside of the money factory - dusk image of the FBI agent situating themselves around the premise -- in nearby store -- in car -- on rooftop , as sac hernandezas voice continue on the soundtrack : hernandez ( v.o . ) -- which mean you be to remain invisible , and until the moment arrive , not to interfere ... int . catwalk - corridor - money factory - continuous angle of uniformed security guard at they post around the interior of the facility , separate by wire mesh and gate . hernandez ( v.o . ) -- there be the usual after hour security detail of ten armed guard inside the money Factory ... 90 . int . control room - money factory - continuous alma vargas be in the small space with Lt. Thomas and Officer Siegel ; surround by monitor with black and while image . hernandez ( v.o . ) -- the only one officially aware of we presence be Lt. Thomas and Officer Siegel of the bep . we make the arrest , but the collar be theirs . all right ... ext . the money factory - high angle - night night streetlights come on all around the area , illuminate it as if be a set on a stage : hernandez ( v.o . ) -- let 's get this party start . ext . rear of money factory - night Dylan , agent fuller and thaddeus Bradley sit low in a car park behind the building , where they have a view of the close gate of the loading dock . it 's awfully quiet . Dylan 's phone vibrate ; he talk into he ear- piece : dylan Hobbes here . ext . STREET - other side of the money factory - continuous sac hernandez hiss into he phone : hernandez just get the call the horseman be about to go onstage . you sure we be in the right place ? dylan ( on phone ) we be in the right place . hernandez it goddamn well better be . ext . rear of money factory - continuous Dylan press he phone off . exchange a less than confident look with fuller . dylan it 's the right place . 91 . thaddeus you be sure of that , be you ? dylan you can shut up , merlin . the only reason you be here be I do not trust you out of my sight for more than - then bright headlight sweep past they , and they look around to see : a armore truck turn the corner , pass through the open gateway , and roll to a halt outside the rear load dock gate ... int . control room - money factory - continuous alma 's phone buzze ; she raise it to she ear : alma vargas what 's up , G -man ? dylan ( on phone ) tell I there 's no pickup schedule for tonight . alma turn to Lt. Thomas . alma vargas tell he there 's no pickup schedule for tonight . lt . thomas no way . not ' till six a.m . alma vargas ( into phone ) not until tomorrow morning . ext . rear of money factory - continuous Dylan 's face widen into a grin : dylan then it 's on . agent fuller whisper into he walkie : agent fuller it 's on . 92 . int . lost angele sport CENTER - night light flash on , illuminate the stage in the middle of the huge arena , where michael atlas be stand , flanke hy london and RODERIGO . Michael raise he hand , quieting down the crowd : michael atlas I remember my first wand , when I be a kid . I have aim it at thing and try to lift they off the ground . the piano . the dog . my mother . it never work ... laughter from the audience ; and ext . outside the sport arena - continuous a large crowd be gather outside , watch Michael on monitor place all around the exterior of the arena : michael atlas ( on monitor ) -- my father die when I be ten . at the wake , I see everyone cry ; so I step into the live room with my wand , and do my first show . simple trick . you know . kid stuff - abracadabra - but I look at the face around I , and they be smile and laugh . that 's when I find my magic . my mother pass a year later , and when she be cremate I put that wand into the fire to keep she company in Heaven , int . stage - sport arena - continuous Michael take a moment , then : michael atlas today , as you know , we suffer another loss . Alex hero be go . but we be go to honor he the best way we know how ... the way he would have want we to - Michael point he finger and firework go off -- heavy metal start pounding . the crowd rise to they foot , cheering ; and 93 . int . rooftop - outside money factory FBI sniper peer through the scope of high - power rifle . they angle be bad , but they can get a glimpse of the armore truck by the load dock , as ext . rear of money factory - continuous Dylan and agent fuller watch silently , wait , then : two uniformed men step outside of the armored truck . one of they walk to the rear gate , take out a swipe card , and run it past the electronic lock , cause the gate to start open ... then a third uniformed man open the door from inside the back of the truck , revealing a cache of heavy weapon . dylan oh hell . wot good . not good at all . ( to thaddeus ) you stay put . do not leave the car . he quietly open the car door and step outside , follow by fuller , both of they draw they weapon . dylan ( cont ’d ) easy ... easy do it . then they see that a security guard from inside the money Factory be approach the open gate ; the third uniformed man be pick up a shotgun from the back of the truck , and suddenly - boom ! Dylan wince as agent fuller 's gun go off right next to he ear . dylan ( cont ’d ) jeezus ! agent fuller look shocked ; shaking he head in dismay - as the three uniformed men turn in surprise , look extremely confuse , and : agent fuller I do not mean it , man . I swear to christ I - but Dylan be already run forward , gun levele , shouting : 94 . dylan get you hand in the air . get they up in the air . the uniformed men look around , still in confusion ; and : dylan ( cont ’d ) ( into he ear-piece ) give they warning shot . nothing fatal . a couple of sniper bullet hit the ground near the uniform man , who drop they weapon and throw they hand up -- then Dylan be on they , kick they leg out from under they , shouting : dylan ( cont ’d ) spread eagle . arm wide . do it . they do it . Dylan kneel down and pull they cap off - look at they face - just three tough looking guy we 've never see before . agent fuller rush over , breathe hard : agent fuller who the hell be they ? dylan I have no goddamn idea . int . stage - sport arena London osborne stand in front of a row of volunteer like a conductor , watch they each expertly juggle a half - dozen egg in the air , as if they be expert juggler ... London turn and give the audience a cheeky look ; snap he finger , and suddenly the volunteer be fumble and surprised , the egg landing everywhere , splattering on they head , on the floor , as the audience be convulse with laughter . ..- ext . rear of money factory - night the three uniformed men be sit on the ground beside the gather force of the FBI and bep ; hand cuffed behind they back -- a young agent look up from he lap - top : young agent this character be not on any of the security clearance database . ( more ) 95 . young agent ( cont 'd ) they be not register armored guard , either . not from any know company . hernandez ( to the uniform man ) you want to tell I who you be ? uniformed man # 1 we have a nine o'clock pickup . we have to pick up we payload at nine . Dylan step over , hold they swipe card : dylan they have card with access to every room in the facility . the Agents all look up at Lt. Thomas and Officer Siegel : lt . thomas I be the only one with that kind of access . but I sure as shit do not give it to this joker . ( to the unform man ) where do you get this card ? uninormed man # 2 we be follow procedure . we do not do anything wrong ... then a cell phone buzy from the back pocket of uniformed guy # 1 dylan remove it , look at the screen : a text message that read : my cousin have a sweater like that . be it wool ? dylan '' my cousin have a sweater like that ? be it wool ? '' ( then ) what the hell be that suppose to - thaddeus it 's code . everyone turn and look at thaddeus , who stride over : thaddeus ( cont ’d ) Old magician 's code . houdini 's favorite , for its utter banality . ( more ) 96 . thaddeus ( cont ’d ) during he act , he would ask it of a accomplice , in order to let he know if he be set to go on with a trick . ( then ) '' cotton , '' be the response give , when the answer be '' yes . '' uninormed man # 2 this be bullshit . we have a nine o'clock pickup . we be here on time . we be follow procedure . dylan we be not gonna get anything from this guy like this . give I two hour with they back at hq and I ’l1l - hernandez you will do nothing , agent Hobbes . Dylan fall silent . sac hernandez wave to he man : hernandez ( cont ’d ) clear the area . Lt. Thomas , this be you collar . you be come with I to interrogate this man . I have one or two little question for you to answer , as well . ( turn to alma ) detective vargas , you work on this case have be exemplary - but after you file you report with the bep , you better catch the first flight back to Vegas . alma bite she lip . keeps she feeling down . hernandez glare at Dylan : hernandez ( cont ’d ) you be do for tonight , Hobbes . you and agent fuller , the both of you . done . Dylan take that in . nod . type into the cell phone he 's hold : c- o0 - t-t-o-n - then put the phone into hernandez 's hand , and int . stage - sport arena - night the crowd cheer as RODERIGO stand underneath two beautiful girl , spin they overhead with he finger ; 97 . only the girl be split into two as they spin , they leg and storso interchang in the air above the magician 's head ... ext . rear of money factory - night Dylan and alma stand by agent fuller , who be still shake : agent fuller sorry I let you down . I do not know ... I see the weapon , and I overreact ... I screw up ... alma vargas we all screw up . nothing to do about it now . dylan yeah , there be . ( pause ) we might not be able to arrest he , but as far Michael atlas know , thing go off just the way he plan . we be fifteen minute from downtown . I do not know about you ... reaches into he jacket , come out hold the ticket michael give he : dylan ( cont ’d ) but I be gonna be there to see he face when he realize he 's wrong . int . sport arena - night close on michael -- face illuminated by a harsh spotlight : michael atlas lady and gentleman , we be glad to have be able to take you mind off you trouble with a few hour 's divertissement ... wide angle on the huge arena the audience rise to its collective foot , give a stand ovation in anticipation of the horseman 's newest finale : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) -- but I can not leave this stage without acknowledge that we be live in hard time . 98 . camera close in on dylan , alma vargas , agent fuller and thaddeus BRADLEY make they way toward the front of arena , and angle on michael , spot they ; a smile spread across he face : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) we know you be all suffer . but this be the biggest audience we have have ... there 's a lot of you out there . that mean we have to come up with we biggest score yet . and money do not grow on tree ... ( pause ) but it be print in factory . Michael turn to RODERIGO , who pull a lever , and a dozen huge screen descend around Michael , seem to hover in the air -- RODERIGO take out a handheld video camera , point it at the screen , and the screen suddenly fill with a image of the money factory ; move through it , as if film by RODERIGO 's camera as he pace the stage . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) some of this place - like this one - can hold nearly a billion dollar at any give time . can you believe that ? angle on dylan and alma -- look at each other ; how do this quy do this ? michael atlas ( cont ’d ) and here it be , the room where all that money be hold . and there it be , in that glass cover pallet . newly print . almost one. billion . dollar . the audience fall into a hush , hardly breathe , at the image of the cage room holding the money on the screen . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) the government print it , just like that , whenever they want to . but I think , for once , someone else should decide where it go , do not you ? the crowd answer with a uproarious affirmative . 99 . michael atlas ( cont ’d ) alright , then . so , with a single snap of the finger - Michael turn to the screen - snap . nothing happen . a beat . Michael turn and shoot a look at roderigo - who shake he head , with a look that say : '' I do not know what the hell be go on . '' michael atlas ( cont ’d ) this be a really hard one . snap he finger again . again nothing . Michael wait another moment . then , recompose himself , turn back to the audience : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) lady and gentleman , it look like you be not go to get the finale you be expect tonight . the biggest boo you 've ever heard in you life . during the cacophony eye-contact pass between michael and dylan , michael and alma , michael and thaddeus ... various degree of gloat in they eye , a tinge of defeat in he , then michael raise he hand , try to quiet down the crowd : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) be this really why you be here ? for the money ? be you become the very people you disdain ? the people you come to see we humiliate ? be not there more important thing in life - like Love . .? if you thought the first round of booing be bad -- michael have to shout to be heard above the crowd : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) -- like happiness ? like friend ? do not Jesus himself say it be easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to get into heaven ? 100 . as michael speak the light subtly change from white to yellow ... to orange ... to red ... a strange roaring SOUND be beginning to fill the auditorium : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) -- the same Jesus who , when a good man call lazarus die , reach forth and bring he back to life . they say Jesus be the son of God when he do it . if I can do the same thing ... what do that make I ? suddenly there be a tremendous explosion from behind Michael , and a flaming automobile come fly through the air , sailing over he head , and crash land right at the foot of the stage , and a burning man come flail out of the car , cover in flame like the human torch , and RODERIGO and london osborne run in from the side with FIRE extinguishers and douse the flame , revealing the man to be alex hero -- look as if he have just be through the wringer . he stand shakily at the foot of the stage for a instant , then raise he hand above he head , and the audience gasp , then rise to there feet , laugh and applaud . angle on dylan -- alma -- thaddeus -- agent fuller -- they can not believe they eye , as : london boyo , you give we all the scare of we bloody life . where the hell have you be ? alex not Hell , yo . I be worried Michael might lose he magic tonight , so I go to the other side ... to bring he back this . he hold up a simple magic wand . michael atlas my wand . the one I have as a boy . but - — 101 . alex it 's alright , home . you mom want you to have it . please . I might not have go though Hell to get it ... but I pass awful close . Michael reach out , as the crowd cheer its encouragement , and take the wand . he hug Alex , and the crowd explode ; then Michael turn back to the audience : michael atlas you know , the real magic this wand have be the ability to make people smile . and this be we last show , you know we want to leave you smile , so ... Michael suddenly turn to the screen behind he , on which the image of the cage - room in the money factory be still show , and : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) abracadabra . and - whoomp - the image change to that of the same room , but with the pallet of money now suddenly gone . a gasp from the audience : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) if you still do not know we very well and think this be just a trick - do yourself a favor and pick up the papers tomorrow morning . dylan 's phone be vibrate ; he raise it to he ear , struggle to hear above the din , as sac hernandez 's voice come in : hernandez ( on phone ) Hobbes , be you there ? the goddamn money Factory have just be rob . can you hear I ..? dylan what ? how ? by who ? how the - michael atlas ( 0.s. ) as for the rest of you - want to see where all that money go ? the roar drown out any chance of Dylan be able to hear anything else on the phone ; he grimace , look back at the stage , as 102 . michael reach down near the bottom of the close screen and come up with a single twenty dollar bill . he throw it upward , and the twenty dollar bill shoot up high into the air of the cavernous stadium , which suddenly seem to explode with money , cash flying all over the place from every direction , and the crowd goe mad -- people jump in the AIR , reaching for the bill , diving to the floor , scooping it up by the handful ... ext . outside the sport arena - continuous money be blowing out of vent from the exterior of the arena as well , raining down on the crowd gather outside , which turn into instant pandemonium , like a windblown ticker tape parade , and int . sport arena - continuous dylan , alma , agent fuller and thaddeus catch a last look at the four horsemen who hold hand at the foot of the stage , raise they in the air ina salute , before back away and vanish under the paper rain of swirl , fall cash ... thaddeus nod slightly , as if impressed despite himself . then he turn walk away , head back up the aisle , disappear into the maelstrom ... ext . FBI headquarters build - los angele - night a unmarked car screech to a stop in the parking lot ; Dylan , alma and agent fuller get out and head toward the front door ; we hear on the soundtrack : dylan ( v.o. ) what the hell happen ? int . conference room - FBI headquarters - night sac hernandez , back by a room bustling with activity , face we agent ; Lt. Thomas , Officer Siegel and a guard captain from the money factory be beside he : officer siegel as soon as you clear out , I head back to the control center . I be not sure what happen next ... 103 . guard captain what happen next be some of the guy see Lt. Thomas make he way toward the cage . Dylan , alma and agent fuller turn toward Lt. Thomas , who snarl : lt . thomas I have be with sac hernandez the entire time . image from the money factory : p.o.v. through the grate room divider -- as '' lo. thomas '' swipe he card across the lock to cage - room , then step inside , grab the handle for the dolly that the pallet of money be sit on , and wheel it out of the room ... stop , face the room for a moment , and close on '' lt . thomas '' hand holding up a cell phone -- taking a photograph of the now empty cage - room , before turn and wheeling the pallet down the corridor . guard captain ( v.0 . ) -- he be move the money toward the load dock , when we finally get we shit together , and move in on he , but ... a terrible sonic whine cut through the AIR -- and the armed guard drop they weapon , clutching they ear and sink to they knee in pain ... tight shot -- several high -tech ultrasound transmitter have be magnetically attach to the grate wall in strategic place along the corridor , red light indicate activity ... close on '' lt . thomas 's '' ear -- blocked by a special plug emit a counter - frequency , as he hustle the pallet toward the load dock ; and back to the conference room where the Guard Captain be shaking he head : guard captain ( cont ’d ) my ear be still ringing like crazy . only reason I can hear you at all be I be up on the second level when it happen . alma vargas so now this guy have access to high - tech military equipment ? 104 . agent fuller ai not that hard , if you know the right people and grease the right palm . image of the loading area behind the money factory : '' Lt. thomas '' roll the pallet of money into the back of the armore truck that be still there , slam the door shut , run into the driver 's seat and start it up ... a few guard come out , blast at the armored truck , but the bullet bounce off , and the truck pull out into the street . officer siegel ( v.0 . ) every police car in the area be put on instant notice ... have at least a dozen head toward the scene ... image of police car racing through the street , siren blaring ; and hernandez ( v.o. ) we be notify as well , turn right around . but it do not make a damn bit of difference ... the armore truck turn a corner onto a desert street , then drive into a underground parking lot fill with , among other vehicle , a row of bodega - style food truck ... in the driver 's seat : '' Lt. thomas '' pull a lever under the dashboard , activate the outside panel of the truck to collapse inward and flip over -- a remarkable feat of mechanical trickery that within second have what be once a '' armored truck '' look almost exactly like a bodega - style food truck . outside the parking lot : '' Lt. thomas '' step out into the street , pull off he toupee . he send the image of the empty cage room on he cell phone as he walk past , and we pan around to see the LA sport arena only several block away , the large crowd outside watch the show take place within on the monitor place outside the arena . agent fuller ( v.0o . ) it be the kid , Alex hero ... 105 . back to the conference room the officer turn to fuller : agent fuller ( cont ’d ) -- he be off - radar all day , and only pop up at the end of the show . hernandez of course it be the kid . now try prove it in a court of law , agent fuller . image : '' the homeless man '' in the burn car : a steel panel showing he reflection drop in front of he , right before the explosion , and agent fuller shield he face from the blast , and '' the homeless man '' use the cover of the flame and chaos to roll behind the freeway median and into a prepare hiding spot , pull a rusted grate over himself . alma vargas ( v.0 . ) then who be the body in the car ? back to the conference room : a young agent address the group : young agent John doe . probably take from a local hospital ... image : alex hero and RODERIGO , disguise as orderlies , wheeling a body on a gurney through a hospital corridor : young agent ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) -- Medical profession 's dirty little secret . Fresh body be steal from area hospital all the time . nine just in the last month . part be auction off on the black market . the horseman could have have he on ice for week . we will never be able to tie it to they . back to the conference room : dylan walk to where monitor show the three uniformed men take in the abort sting operation be hold in a cell : 106 . dylan and this guy ? another FBI agent speak : FBI agent ran they photo through the database . two of they have record , affiliate with a local biker gang . one of they use to do security work , now he 's a bartender at some place call El carmen Rosa ... image : london osborne at the '' badass bar '' -- force the tough guy he provoke to the floor with he finger : london ( smile ) drink be on I . pan around to see - for the first time - the bartender , who be indeed one of we uniform man , look on in awe -- rack focus to the rough crowd and see that the other two men be there as well , and back to the conference room : sac hernandez step up to the monitor : hernandez they be stick to they story like glue . follow procedure . have a pick up to make . yadayada . but one of they will break , eventually . take a deal , and name who - a phone ring . it 's alma' cell phone . she look at the number , do not recognize it -- raise the phone to she ear : alma vargas detective vargas . voice ( on phone ) that poor fellow you have lock up in there must be get hungry about now . ask they if they have like some pineapple for they breakfast . alma vargas Excuse I ? 107 . beep . hung up . alma look around at the other , a sink feel overtake she , and int . holding cell - moment later alma be admit to the area outside the cell by a agent ; she face the three uniformed men : alma vargas hey . how you hold up in there ? uninormed man # 1 this be bullshit . we have a pickup . we be follow procedure . you get no right to treat we like this . alma vargas you ... ah ... hungry ? the uniformed men stare at she , not understanding . alma vargas ( cont ’d ) you want some pineapple ? the uniformed mens 's head drop like puppet with they string cut ; two of they slump back against the wall , the other fall flat on he face on the ground ... he slowly rise , look completely baffle ... confuse ... then frighten : uninormed man # 2 who be you ? ( look around ) where the hell be I ? int . conference room - FBI headquarters - later the law enforcement officer be sit around , look completely defeat . dylan what about the money ? hold up several bill he collect during the show 's finale : dylan ( cont ’d ) we can still tie they in to the steal money . there 's just so much explain they can do as to how they get hold of it this time . that 's something that 'il stick in court . 108 . lt . thomas my people have already run the serial number on as many of the bill as we could collect . none of they match the steal money . most of they be not even all that new . dylan you mean . .? lt . thomas the four horseman rain million of dollar of they own money all over that crowd . nothing near what they steal , but it still have to be a lot . no law against throw away you own money , though . a beat , then : dylan then the steal money be still out there . another FBI agent turn from he computer screen : FBI agent and we might know where to find it . ( to Dylan ) more research result from the Atlantic City job have be come in . I think we have what you want . ext . villa - desert - day a taxi pull up in front of the curb , and thaddeus BRADLEY get out . title read : Las Vegas - nevada thaddeus see the arm on he mailbox be up . hesitates for a second , then open it : there be a single letter inside the mailbox . thaddeus reach in , take it out , and int . live room / thaddeus 's villa - moment later thaddeus be mixing a martini for himself , when he finally notice the print on the letter lie on the bar : read me. 109 . thaddeus 's eye narrow . he pick up a knife and open the envelope , take out a single slip of paper , on which be write : in the basement . int . basement - thaddeus 's villa - moment later the light come on , illuminate a space cramme to the ceiling with magical bric-a- brac and memorabilia . thaddeus enter , then stop , as he see the pallet of cash from the money factory sitting there , at the far end of the room . thaddeus take it in for a moment -- then he hear the SOUND of car engine and brake squealing to a halt upstair . sound of the door crash in , the thumping of boot foot , and int . live room - thaddeus 's villa thaddeus step back into the live room , where a dozen FBI agent be waiting for he , gun drawn . thaddeus I have be frame , of course . the first evidence which will attest to that fact be the note sit over - but where the note on the bar be now remain only a hissing sulfurous vapor . thaddeus ( cont ’d ) right . ext . thaddeus 's villa - later thaddeus be lead into a black sedan by a phalanx of agent , as we hear on the soundtrack : agent fuller ( v.o . ) we have fingerprint match in the Kaplan office in New York , and on Arthur tressler 's computer , in he office ... image : thaddeus be take into the Las Vegas Police headquarters , book , fingerprinted , process : thaddeus ( v.o. ) I hardly even know how to use a computer ; ( more ) 110 . thaddeus ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and I be in Atlantic City the whole time . I be not " George Kaplan ... " dylan ( v.0 . ) it help if you say it in a funny cary grant voice . image : thaddeus in court in front of a judge -- lawyer make argument , Dylan and alma vargas watch from the sideline : dylan ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) in the time you lose I , you could have make the trip there and back . we also have partial on the sonic - disc use in the money Factory heist , and - thaddeus ( v.0o . ) if I be such mastermind why would I be the only one to have leave fingerprint lie around ? why would I have all that money in my basement ? why would I be so damned sloppy ? image : thaddeus in orange jail garb , be lead toward las vega county jail by two large deputy . dylan { v.0 . ) age. ego . who the hell know ? you ded we on a hell of a run-around to make you boy look good , at we expense . brass want at least one arrest , and you be it . you want to turn State 's on the other , I be authorize to get down on my knee and beg you to do so . thaddeus ( v.0 . ) I have get nothing on they that would stick , and it would only serve to further implicate I . you know that . image : thaddeus be lead down a long corridor toward the cell - block : 111 . dylan ( v.o. ) sure I do . I also know the judge decide you be a flight risk , on account of you self proclaim mastery of disguise , and set bail at three million dollar . have any friend willing to pay that ? int . cell - las vega county jail - day thaddeus and Dylan sit face each other across the cell : thaddeus I will beat this charge . dylan maybe . but by the time the lawyer be through with you , you 's 1ll be live out of a cardboard box , play three card monty on a corner ten block from the strip . Dylan stand , pick he jacket up -- thaddeus 's shoulder slump , he eye suddenly fragile . thaddeus agent Hobbes ... please . you know I do not do this .. Dylan take a moment ; then lean over to thaddeus , and whisper ever so softly in he ear : dylan i_know . thaddeus look confuse for a moment , then he eye widen , as he begin to understand -- and as it come together in he mind we see a flow of image showing dylan at key moment : the first show : the '' usher '' take the drink from thaddeus -- as he walk away we see that it be Dylan in disquise , and dylan use a infra -blue camera to photograph thaddeuss fingerprint from the glass -- then use a laser engraver to imprint the print into the fingertip of a pair of latex glove , then to michael atlas - disguise as '' George Kaplan '' - put on the glove as he walk toward the kaplan inc . office -- see he turn the doorknob ... pick up the phone ... 112 . in arthur tressler 's office type on tressler 's computer , access he bank code ... dylan using the FBI computer system to manufacture fake passport for the four horsemen , and image of michael , london osborne , RODERIGO and alex use the passport at charle degaulle airport , and dylan sit in front of a briefcase with a mirror on the top flap , put on make - up , and we see dylan disguise as RODERIGO , rehearse a gimmick on-stage ... dylan disguise as london osborne , walk purposefully through a mall ... dylan disguise as michael , get take - out , wave to a fan ... dylan disguise as alex , drive a corvette , smile to a couple of girl at a stop-light ; and dylan on a computer , send information to : RODERIGO , in paris , who use it to jack into the credit lyonnais bank 's security system , and hand OPEN tressler 's safety deposit BOX -- imprint it with the partial carbon of the blueprint of the money factory . dylan on the pay - phone in atlantic CITY - '' talk to hanna '' watch by alma vargas ; and we see michael atlas be on the other end of the line ; he turn to the other horsemen , wait in they hotel room , and nod : michael atlas showtime . dylan following thaddeus in the mall , talk to agent fuller on he ear-piece ; he get a text on he phone : '' need you here in ten . '' look around , as if he have '' lose '' thaddeus , and start hurry in the opposite direction : dylan ( into phone ) -- shit. I have lose he . shit ... in a stairwell : dylan open a suitcase , revealing he make - up kit inside , and the four horsemen - with dylan disguise as michael atlas - exit the trump Hotel into a crush of fan , watch by alma vargas , and in the '' money factory '' : as dylan and alma be show around we zoom in to he belt - buckle , in which a camera be hidden ; and we see 113 . the p.o.v. of the money factory - the same one RODERIGO use during the show , and close shot of dylan subtly - like a master magician - placing the sonic -transmitter in discreet location as they walk through the space , and in the control room : Dylan brushes against Lt. thomas in the tight space -- picking the swipe card out of he pocket , place it in he own pocket - where , in a x-ray style zoom we see a flat electronic copier - the size of a calculator , against which the swipe card be press , and as dylan and alma exit the control room he slide the swipe card back into lt . thomas 's pant pocket ; and outside the money factory : Dylan discretely slide the little electronic copier into a mailbox as they walk to they car -- another CUT : alex hero walk by the mailbox , lift out the copier , and in a garage : roderigo program several swipe card from the copier , and hand they to london osborne , who walk to the '' armore car '' where the three uniformed men he have hypnotize be wait ; he hand they the card , and in the FBI station before the raid : as sac hernandez speak , dylan discretely place a new mag near agent fuller 's .45 automatic , and outside the money factory : the uniformed men open the back door of the armored truck , revealing the cache of weapon , cause dylan and agent fuller to get out of the car , hold they gun , and we zoom into dylan 's hand , press a tiny remote , and agent fuller 's gun goe off with a boom ! int . cell - las vega county jail thaddeus blink he eye , as if awaken from a dream - or nightmare . he look up to see that Dylan be already on the other side of the gate , and muster he voice to ask : 114 . thaddeus but ... why ? thaddeus stand , walk toward the gate : thaddeus ( cont ’d ) you never keep any of the money . the horseman be rich , famous beyond measure , but you ... why ? dylan you once ask I if there be anything I love . that I would protect even at the expense of my own happiness or reputation . now you know the answer ... Dylan turn to face thaddeus : dylan ( cont ’d ) see , the thing about legend , be - sometimes they be true . Dylan raise he fist , then open he hand , revealing : a tattoo of a eye inside a triangle imprint on he palm . dylan ( cont ’d ) now you see I . Dylan close he hand , open it again , and the tattoo be go . thaddeus the Eye ? but that 's insane . it 's a myth ... there 's no secret order ... it 's a bedtime story ... but Dylan be already walk away , leave thaddeus behind in he cell ; and close on thaddeus his face tremble with fury and disbelief : thaddeus ( cont ’d ) it 's just a goddamn story . ext . excelsior HOTEL - night a huge crowd be gather below ; and we tilt up to see shimmering logo at the top of the building . in v.o. 115 . alex ( v.o. ) we really break this thing up ? int . HOTEL room - continuous alex hero turn from the window to face the other three horsemen : alex -- that 's one big crowd down there , just for a press conference to hear we say we be do . in that crowd be a lot of ' tang . RODERIGO do not worry , cabrone . you will be riding high off this for a good long time . ( raise he glass ) here 's to the fifth horseman - whoever the hell he be . salut . london I feel like that bloody tart from the telly , you know , wait for that bloke you never see to call they on the speaker and congratulate they for a job well do . alex wish you look like ‘em , cue -ball . michael atlas actually , he do leave a message . all turn to Michael , who take a moment , then : michael atlas ( cont ’d ) but it be not exactly to congratulate we . Michael raise he cell - phone , and put it on speaker ; a electronically disguise voice speak : voice ( on phone ) you get what you want . we get what we want . we be do . if you ever break the law for personal gain , you will be face we from the other side . we be watch you . click . the four magician exchange look ; all of which end on 116 . michael atlas eye gleam , expression impossible to read ; and ext . suburb - outer vega - day alma vargas look out from behind a car window , in which be reflect the approach figure of dylan and he daughter hanna -- alma roll the window down : dylan hanna , this be detective vargas . alma vargas call I alma . how you do , hanna ? hanna Fine . Dylan take a look over he shoulder toward the house where he ex- wife catherine be visible , watch they from the window . Dylan give she a grateful nod , then turn and open the back door of the car , lift hanna inside and jump in after she . dylan she 's gonna be we chauffeur to the water park . alma vargas in you dream , G - man . one of you better get over here in front , if you want to go anywhere today . hanna climb into the passenger seat , and Dylan grin : dylan you psyched to get soak ? hanna I guess . dylan personally , I be psyched to see alma in a bikini . alma vargas it 's detective vargas to you . and I be wear a one-piece . 117 . dylan shit . hanna dad . alma step on the gas , and wide on the STREET as the car take off down the road , head toward the open , sunny horizon . for a long moment . then : dylan ( v.0 . ) a one -piece ? really ? cuUT to black a few credit roll , then we see : michael atlas -- light with the gauzy lighting of a barbara walter special , which be what he be on ; Barbara ask he : barbara walter -- Michael . you have not perform in over a year . you be still so young . do you feel pressure to top yourself ? michael atlas I would not call it pressure . I be just - prepare - for the next act of my life . barbara walter rumor be swirl that you be be - form the four horseman for a surprise show . be there any truth in that ? Michael allow himself a slight smile : michael atlas if I tell you , it would not be a surprise . blackout .