( final ) nurse betty screenplay by John c. Richards & James flamberg Story by John c. Richards shoot script 3/9/99 fade in : int . operating room - day 1 a tense surgery in progress . meter flicker , instrument flash in the bright overhead light . in the midst of it all stand dr . david ravell , 35 . the master of he domain . ravell lean forward so a nurse can mop the sweat from he brow as he complete a last , delicate procedure . his co worker sigh collectively with relief . david ( to asst. surgeon ) Close she up , will you ? int . hospital corridor - day 2 Dr. ravell come out of surgery , clearly exhaust . without he surgical mask he be ruggedly handsome . two nurse follow , attend he like a fighter fresh from the ring : chloe , 25 , raven -haire and strike , and jasmine , 24 , a exotic mix of African - american and asian . blake daniel , 58 , the silver - haire Chief surgeon , rush up the corridor . on he heel be dr . lonnie walsh , 33 . lonnie be also conspicuously handsome , but he will always be second to David . in everything . the look on blake 's face stop David in he track . blake there 's be a train crash near Santa Barbara . they be fly a aortal trauma here now . how can I ask you this , David ... David rub he eye . thinks about it . david I can do it , blake . his bravery be not lose on the two nurse , although Chloe exchange a quick , covert glance with lonnie . chloe be he crazy , jasmine ? he 's be on he foot for fourteen hour . jasmine Chloe , it 's be this way since Leslie die . lose himself in he work , poor thing ... younger man' voice ( o.s. ) I will give you something to lose yourself in ... older man' voice ( o.s. ) Excuse I , miss ? pull back to reveal : we be looking at a television screen behind the counter of a SMALL - town diner . insert : fair oak , kansas int . tip top diner - day 3 quaint , midwestern eatery . knick -knack and photo abound . the booth and counter be pack with local . a family dining section off in one corner . two guy sit at the counter in team jacket . the older of the two hold up he empty coffee cup . but he waitress , stand a couple seat down from he , do not move . she 's completely absorb in watch the soap opera that play on two batter , fuzzy tv set . betty sizemore , 30 , have a wholesome attractiveness that compete with a bit too much makeup and a cheesy white waitress uniform . two other waitress attend to customer behind she . the young of the two guy be involved in the soap opera . but the older one , still want coffee . he gesture toward Betty . older man miss ? Betty lean forward , grab the coffee pot and move in front of he . without take she eye from the tv , she pour the java , which somehow land in he cup without spilling a drop . older man ( cont would ) very impressive . that be very ... ( turn to other ) do anybody see that ? the local guy around he do not even bother to look up . of course , they have see it before . Betty smile . 3 . older man ( cont would ) thank you . could I bother you for a little more ...? before he can even finish , Betty be topping he off with milk . betty skim , right ? ( tear open a equal ) and half a pack , if I remember correct ... the older gentleman 's mouth work a bit but nothing come out . he be flabbergasted by she attention to detail . she look at the young man , who be still follow the show and gobble down a huge bacon burger . betty ( cont would ) you know , you be never too young to start on a lean meat substitute ... ( beat ) you wanna try some turkey bacon on that ? younger man you want a tip when I be through ? betty it 's you body ... Betty turn back to change pot . the older man watch she intently as the young of the two mumble to himself . younger man ( to himself ) that 's right , so why do not you get up off it ... older man wesley ... ( to Betty ) I have tell he the same thing . thanks for the suggestion . betty no problem . Betty flash the man a win smile and move off , one eye always on the tv as she approach two local type . sheriff elden ballard , 32 , a short , tightly wound little man , sit at he own booth . ballard be spit and polish all the way : crease in he shirt , a glossy shine on he shoe . badge proudly display . he sit with roy ostrey , 31 , a gangly , bookish local reporter . Betty drop five ketchup packet and four mayonnaise packet on the table for he . another smile . roy hi , Betty . you be look good ... betty thanks , Roy , you be sweet ... a big liar , but sweet . I like you editorial this morning ... roy oh , appreciate it . I be try to , ahh , give a sense of history to ... ballard ( interrupt ) yeah , it be great . really put the whole idea of " church bake sale " in perspective ... roy you know , elden , some people actually read more than just the classified ... ballard why do not you go back to do something you be good at ... like that lonelyheart column ? ( chuckle to himself ) I will take a refill there , Betty ... his cup be full before he can even finish the sentence . betty hey , sheriff . how 's everything ? ballard oh , you know , the usual ... keep the world safe . betty I mean you food . ballard oh , right ... 's fine . thanks . roy I think you say the egg be not ... ballard it 's fine . mind you own meal ... roy you should get the order you want . ballard and you should keep you nose out of another man 's omelette ... ( to Betty ) it 's no big deal , Betty . betty there 's yolk in there , huh ? it 's no prob ' ... gotta keep you on track . Betty grab ballard 's plate without another word , give he a reassure rub on the shoulder and move off . he smile appreciatively after she , then turn on Roy . ballard why you always gotta embarrass I ? I be eat lunch with you since grade school and you always gotta embarrass I ! roy they be just egg , elden , how embarrassing can egg be ? ballard plenty roy who eat egg for lunch , anyhow ? ballard mind you own business . you just say that shit so you could look at she a little longer , anyway ... still carry ballard 's plate , she return to the counter . betty come on , guy , I tell you it 's egg white only for the sheriff ... ( quietly ) I put he in that ' zone ' thing . cook # 1 well , it better be a pretty good size zone if he 's in it ... Betty and the cook share a quick laugh . they move to change he order while Betty glance up at the tv . 6 . int . hospital corridor - return to tv screen 4 lonnie catch up to blake in the corridor . lonnie blake , I can handle that transplant ! blake we need someone with the right kind of experience , lonnie . lonnie even if he 's fall asleep on he foot ? blake lonnie , it 's a complex procedure . why do not you observe ? lonnie I be not some snot - nose resident fresh out of medical school , blake . blake no , you be not . you be a good doctor , lonnie , but you be not David ravell . I have make my decision . now , if you will excuse I blake exit . the camera move in to hold on a closeup of lonnie 's face as he simmer in anger . Music soar . int . tip top diner - day 5 plates of food be pile up on the shelf in front of the cook . one of they turn the tv off by remote . betty hey ! we be watch that ! cook # 1 the other girl have get order up ... we be not one 'a they goddamn Nelson family , y'know . Betty snatch up several plate to help out . ballard 's food appear with a clatter of porcelain . betty it 's " nielson " ... cook # 1 yeah , well , we be not one 'a they , neither . ( beat ) go on now ... darlene when you gonna get that thing fix , anyhow ? cook # 1 when you all quit watch ‘em for a live ... frustrate , Betty deliver several plate and drop they at table where the people know she by name . she move off toward four local guy in a booth jangling they empty cup . Betty weave she way over to they and pour refill . when a hand stray around to touch she ass , she push it away with she foot and keep right on pour . absently , Betty take a look around the restaurant . the other waitress be go and no one be behind the grill . alarm , she push through the double door into the kitchen . int . tip top diner - kitchen - same time 6 three waitress , along with the dishwasher and two cook be stand in a row wait for she . betty alright , I get it , no more tv . sorry . no one move , then darlene lead they in a huge surprise ! they produce a life-size cardboard cut - out of Dr. David ravell , who look dash in he green hospital scrub . Betty back up in disbelief . betty ( cont would ) oh my gosh , this be so embarrassing ! where do you ever find this ? darlene on the goddamn internet , where else ? betty you be joke ... waitress # 1 nope , get he at " t.v. hunk with sweet Little ass . com . " waitress # 2 seventy - five dollar ... cook # 1 seventy - eight fifty . ( everyone look at he ) well , I pay for the damn thing , I oughta know . waitress # 2 c'mon , Betty ! pose with he ! Betty laugh and put she arm around the cardboard man . a flash photo be take . a cupcake with a single candle be place in she hand . darlene one candle ... uh -oh , you be get up there ! do not David like them young ? betty I be over the hill , what can I say ? darlene give Betty a envelope with cash show . waitress # 1 a little something for that nursing class you have be want to take ... darlene but keep put off thanks to a certain husband we will not mention ... betty oh , guy , you do not have to do that ! darlene so how you gonna celebrate ? Del takin ' you into wichita for a big fancy dinner ? the other laugh ; they know better . so do Betty . betty yeah , dairy Queen , maybe ... oh , I should probably call he . thanks , you guy ... cook # 1 alright , alright , come on ... I be not run no bed & breakfast , we get customer . let 's go ... smiling , Betty grab a wall phone as the other mingle about . int . sizemore motor - del' office - day 7 the trailer / office of a small - time car dealership . as the phone ring , the camera pan across picture of del sizemore , 35 , dress as napoleon , caesar and abe lincoln , arm raise in a high - energy sale pitch . the phone ring again . we see a frame certificate of achievement from General Motors , date 1986 . after the third ring a answering machine click on . it 's loud . answering machine ( Del 's voice ) hello there ! you have reach sizemore Motors , home of the best selection of use General Motors car in the Big Springs - Fair oak area . we can not come to the phone right now ' cause we be out make a sale , so leave we a message ; better yet , come on down and steal one 'a this beauty right out from under we ! coffee 's always on ! betty ( v.0 . ) hi Del , it 's I . I guess you be busy . int . sizemore motor - trailer / office - day 8 Del 's very busy . he 's on the rent sofa in the trailer 's lounge , screwing he secretary , joyce . but as he rock the couch , he 's listen to Betty 's message . betty ( v.0 . ) I know you want the oldsmobile back tonight , so ... I be wonder if I could take one of the new buick . Del pull out and lurch across the room . he reach for the desk phone but miss , spilling down onto the carpet . he gather himself and he pants up in disgust , paw around the desktop until he find the phone . betty ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) so , call I when you -- del whoa , whoa , whoa ! hang on a second there , baby . why do you need one of the new buick ? betty ( v.0 . ) oh , you be there . you sound out of breath . del I run back in to get the phone . 10 . the answer machine be on , so they voice be booming . the phone cord be stretch across the trailer as he try to get back to Joyce . he motion for she to join he but she remain where she be , fume . betty ( v.0 . ) I do not need one , but it 's kind of a special night , and -- del what 's so special about it ? long pause . Joyce look at Del , incredulous . then piss off . he signal to hold on . betty ( v.0 . ) Sue Ann 's take I out and I think it might be fun to go in a nice car ... Joyce wriggle to a sit position and begin to pull up she panty . Del shoot she a look that say ' I be not finish yet ! ' they pantomime frantically back and forth until Joyce throw he the finger and slam out the door . betty ( v.0 ) ( cont 'd ) what be that ? del nothing ... it 's , ahh , busy here . look , you do not need a lesabre to go out with Sue Ann . take the blue corsica . I will see you when I get home . he throw the phone onto the cradle , then bang on a window to get Joyce 's attention as she fire up a smoke . del ( cont 'd ) ( through the pane ) shit ! Joyce , open the damn gate , will you ?! as Del zip up he pants Joyce trudge across the lot to bring in the " close for lunch " sign and open the gate . Del silently study the much nicer car lot next door for a moment . he take in the banner , the sign , etc . del ( cont would ) that 's what we need , some goddamn flag . 11 . int . office / trailer - later 9 Betty enter the office . Joyce be on the phone . she look up , irritate , and say something under she breath to the caller . joyce uhh , no , we have not pick a date yet ... well , once he dump she we will . ( to Betty ) he 's out pricing banner ... I do not expect he back . betty " banner ? " joyce you know , flag and shit ... he say " for a livelier look " or something . Betty nod and swap she car key for a set Joyce give she . joyce ( cont would ) " S too bad about the lesabre ... they be a really sweet ride . as Joyce prattles on , Betty notice the buick lesabre key on a rack behind she . she sidle around Joyce , deftly remove a set from the hook and drop they in she purse . she smile and start to wave goodbye as Joyce put she call on hold . 10 joyce ( cont would ) need something else ? betty no , I be just ... how you do ? joyce great . good. content ... betty oh . how come ? joyce I dunno . job satisfaction , I guess ... ( beat ) how 's thing at the tip top ? betty they be fine ... you miss it ? joyce you must be joke . 12 . betty hmm. ( beat ) so , Del get that car he sell you up and run yet ? joyce oh , yeah , he 's get thing up and run , alright ... betty ' Kay , good . bye , then ... joyce uh-huh. ( back to phone ) anyway , I be think Easter , ' cause I just fuck love pastel . she whisper , then laugh loudly as Betty leave . ext . sizemore motor - day 10 the cardboard doctor be stand next to Betty 's old . she think about leave he , but pick he up and toss he into a blue corsica . he land with he face against the passenger window . 11 12 13 14 she stand for a moment by the corsica , dangle the lesabre key before she eye . suddenly , she jump inside the chevrolet and slam the door . ext . sizemore motor / trailer park - day 11 the blue corsica leave the parking lot and pull onto the street . the car make a abrupt turn into a trailer park directly behind the car lot and glide to a halt behind a row of batter airstream . Betty get out of the chevy and look back : the handsome face of Doctor David ravell be stare at she from the car . betty oh , Christ , what be I gonna do with you ? she go back to pick he up , then start off . ext . trailer park - same time 12 a row of cheap trailer on both side of a crumble driveway . Betty appear with she cardboard man tuck under one arm and then disappear behind a pickup truck . 13 . ext . sizemore motor - same time 13 she toss the cardboard " David " over a concrete slab wall , climb over herself and walk straight to the lesabre . her key open the last one - maroon . she put the doctor on the passenger seat , get in the car and inhale the new car smell . Joyce can be see inside the trailer , still talk on the phone . she miss the whole scene as she work on she nail . betty we deserve this . int . lesabre - drive - day 14 Betty have the car at 75 m.p.h. , on the rural Kansas road , wheat field for mile on both side of she . the radio be blast bonnie raitt and she 's sing along . she see she speed and punch the accelerator ... 80 m.p.h . 15 16 85 ... 90 m.p.h . she turn the radio up louder . when she approach a sign say " you be leave Kansas " Betty suddenly become self - conscious . she ease up on the gas ... slow down ... do a u-turn and head back toward Fair oak . she glance wistfully in she rear view mirror at the billboard that quickly fade into the distance . ext . betty' neighborhood - later 15 Betty enter a modest residential neighborhood and pull into a driveway . she park in a detach garage and look over at the cardboard David . there 's no way he 's go in the house . she put he in the trunk and close the garage door . ext . sue ann be house - same time 16 she walk several house down . on she way to the door we hear a dog barking , child and general commotion from inside . sue ann rogers answer Betty 's knock . her hair be matte with sweat as she struggle with child , age 4 , 3 and 6 month . suddenly , Sue Ann be hit by a errant rubber ball . sue ann hey , darling ... oww ! sorry , get my own little Gulf War go on here . Betty take the baby as Sue Ann pull a videotape from a shelf . it 's all one move ; they do this every day . 14 . betty do you watch it yet ? sue ann sure do . I will tell you , if that man be any better look it would be a crime 'a some sort ... betty yep . hey , I get a surprise for tonight . we be go to the starlite in style ! sue ann oh , Betty -- betty I will give you a hint . if you scrunch up you eye a bit it look just like a jaguar ... sue ann honey , I be really sorry , I be gonna call you about tonight . Larry 's get a lodge meeting . there 's no way I can get a sitter this fast . betty ( disappointed ) no ... what about you sister ? sue ann I can not ask she again -- Nathan , stop it ! jesse , do not take that , hit back !-- I feel terrible , hon . after a beat betty it 's all right . sue ann you sure ? maybe next week we could ... betty uh-huh . no , we will do it later . ' S only a birthday , right ? I will have another one next year ... Betty force a smile , kiss the baby and hand it back to Sue Ann , who hand she the videotape . sue ann aahbh ... ( beat ) so what color be it ? 15 . betty what ? sue ann the lesabre ! betty maroon . ( beat ) I steal it . sue ann what ? betty he be not go to let we use it , so I just take it . 17 sue ann oh , I wish we could just get in it and drive , and drive , and drive ! betty yeah , I too . sue ann sorry , hon . happy birthday ... betty I gotta go make dinner . Betty throw she a look as Sue Ann close the door . Betty turn around , frustrated . she start yanking she apron off as she cross the street . int . betty' house - day 17 a low - end ranch . a wear - out sofa and loveseat form a ' L ' that dominate the live room . romance novel line a small bookcase . six canary in cage chatter away in the kitchen . Del sit at the dining room table , agitate . he be presently attack a pork chop , baked bean and a loaf of wonderbread . all we hear be a fork clicking and bird chirping . Betty stand at the breakfast counter , barefoot , still in she uniform and quietly eat a salad . betty sure you do not want any salad ? del no , I do not want any goddamn ... what be all that shit on the phone about the new buick ? 16 . betty I tell you . Sue Ann be gonna take I out tonight , but ... del she 's not comfortable in a corsica ? ' S get air and leather ... betty I take the blue corsica , del. relax . del all right , then . actually , I be glad you be go out . I get something go on tonight . some serious client , with real potential . Del belches , smile , then cluck at the bird nearby . betty like the water purifier ? del what ? betty or the vitamin ? or the ...? Del almost come out of he chair , point he finger at she . del hey , the fda screw I on that when they change the law , and you know it ! ( beat ) anyway , ' least I try shit , still get some dream leave ... you be a goddamn waitress , what do you get ? betty I get you , Del ... del well , then you be not get much . betty oh , I know . ( beat ) so , who be this client ? del couple 'a guy in from outta town . they want to see the new lesabre . Betty hide she reaction . 17 . del ( cont would ) and I do not need Sue Ann 's fat ass around to fuck it up ... betty just knock it off , ' kay ? anyhow , they be 97' , they be not even new . del they be new to we ... truce for a moment . Del pluck a copy of soap Opera guide 18 from Betty 's purse while absently take a bite from Betty 's cupcake . he narrowly miss the candle . del ( cont would ) Jesus ... you know this actor be mainly model , which be mainly fag . they have do study . the rest be asshole . but you know what bug I most about this soap ? she silently mimic he as he say ... del ( cont would ) it 's people with no life watch other people 's fake life . betty yeah , I guess there 's nothing like watch that tenpins fall , huh , Del ? del that be a skill ! Del lurch to he foot and cross to the bird cage as the canary chirp and sing excitedly at he approach . del ( cont would ) daddy 's here , baby ... daddy 's here . ( to Betty ) be back later ... clean up . he exit . she collect he dirty dish , put they in the sink and start to wash they . then she stop . betty what the hell be I do ? she drop the dish with a clatter , pour herself a glass of wine , light the candle on she deflower cupcake and open the one card on the table . close on 18 . a traditional greeting from she grandparent . Red heart and lace . a color photo of they enclose . Betty smile at this . after moment , she quietly sing a quick refrain of " happy birthday " to herself . int . lonnie' apartment - night ( on tv screen ) 18 stand wrap only in a towel , lonnie speak into the 19 20 phone . lonnie tell I something good , sugar . int . chloe' apartment - night ( on tv screen ) 19 the beautiful nurse Chloe be curl up seductively on she sofa with she phone in one hand and a cigarette in the other . chloe we be all set . I tell he my car 's in the shop . he say he would be happy to give I a ride home . lonnie ( v.0 . ) you be beautiful . chloe tell I something I do not know ... Betty hit fast forward . character flit on and off the screen at top speed until David ravell appear . int . wooded roadside - night ( on tv screen ) 20 Chloe 's magnificent leg be fold into the seat of David 's 560 sl . she struggle with she seatbelt , so he help she . she make sure they hand touch . chloe thanks for pull over , David ... I can not go that fast without take a breather . david sorry ... it 's nice to see what this little beauty can do , though . I guess , somehow , all that speed help I forget the past ... 19 . chloe I be sure it do ... ( touch the seat ) mmm , leather . how far do they recline ? David smile , a little uncomfortable . chloe ( cont would ) listen , David , I know I have say it 21 22 before , but I want to tell you again how sorry I be about you wife . ( beat ) it must make you scared to get close to someone again . she put she hand over he on the gear shift . a moment . finally , he have to move she finger to start the car . chloe ( cont would ) let 's not go ... not yet . betty sit on a old couch in the de and watch , eye glue to the screen . suddenly , she hear the sound of tire on gravel . headlight sweep across the window . betty damn ! she hit pause and cross to look out . ext . betty' house - night 21 Del get out of a black lincoln town car , follow by charlie and wesley - the guy in the team jacket from the diner . Charlie be 63 year old . he wear a dress shirt , slack and docksider . the suburban father look . wesley be 28 . he 's in jeans , T-shirt and white reebok . clean cut ; the kid who use to mow you parent 's lawn . Betty quickly snap out the light and close the door until it be open only a crack . int . betty' house - night 22 Del swagger into the house . the two man follow politely . del you can have the best damn run back in the world , somebody 's still gotta block for ‘em . 20 . charlie you be a hundred percent right . they rely on what 's -his - name 's arm too much ... Del stop and look around , deflate by the mess . the de be only a short flight of step from the live room and the kitchen . Betty have a clean view of both from where she sit on the couch . 23 int . betty' house - den - night 23 she hear Del come in , but do not take she eye off the tv screen . del ( 0.s. ) my apology , gentleman . I ask my wife to straighten this shit up before she go out . 23a int . betty' house - live room - night 23a Del cross to a old stereo and put on a lp . he smile as the music overtake the room . Charlie and wesley stand nearby , appreciate the quaintness of the surroundings . del now , what can I get you gentleman to drink ? Del cross to the cupboard . Charlie and wesley stand leisurely in the live room . charlie bourbon , little water , thank you . wesley beer , please . del you get it . wesley look at a wedding portrait of Del and Betty . wesley hey ... you get a fine one right here ! charlie wesley ... ( to Del ) you wife 's a very lovely woman . have I see she before ? 21 . del if you eat at the tip top you do . charlie oh , yes , with the coffee ... del yep , Betty pour a pretty mean cup . Del reach into the fridge and produce a Miller for wesley , then mix two drink and walk into the dining room and Charlie and wesley follow to the table and sit down . charlie I like this . I like do business in the home . it 's cozy ... ( notice the card and cupcake ) who 's birthday ? del ahh ... my wife 's . wesley what would you get she ? del huh ? oh , umm , a car . ( beat ) so , to a successful transaction ... they raise they glass and drink . Del toss back he drink in one gulp . 24 int . david be car - wooded roadside - ( on tv screen ) 24 Chloe be on top of David , kissing he on the mouth as he resist . he finally have to push she away forcibly , and we hear a tearing SOUND . Chloe 's blouse have be rip . david I be sorry , Chloe . she start to cry . David reach out to comfort she . david ( cont would ) it 's not that I do not find you attractive . I be just not ready ... David look up to find she lip on he . in spite of himself , he give in to the warmth of she kiss and respond hungrily . Betty be mesmerize . 22 . 25 int . betty' house - dine room - night 25 the man have retire into the dining room , sit or stand around a wear wood table . Charlie and wesley be just finish they drink . del all right gentleman , let 's get down to it . I need to know if you be for real . charlie if we be for real ? del you do not exactly look like drug dealer . wesley be not that the point ? del yeah , well , I do not have time to screw around . I get buyer in Dallas , Houston and Vegas who be ready to snap this stuff up . charlie we appreciate that . but you just pour I a drink , I would like to enjoy you hospitality for a few minute . del Fine . you get five ... charlie it 's a nice place you get here . Real comfortable . sweet little town , Fair oak . you like it here ? del ( laugh ) be you kid I ? what 's to like ? wesley seem like a nice place . del it be , if you like idiot ... charlie what do you mean ? del it 's a small town , man . I never should have leave omaha . people here think 23 . small . they act small . they be a bunch of dumb fuck . wesley really ? del you better believe it . charlie could you give we a example ? del of what ? charlie I be ask you for a example of one of this dumb fuck be a dumb fuck . del I do not follow ... charlie you be not a dumb fuck , be you , Del ? del ( warily ) no ... charlie I do not think so . so , give I a example of a stupid person do a stupid thing . not be stupid , you be equip to recognize it . del be we gonna do business here , or not ? wesley relax , we bring the cash . charlie I be just curious . can not you give I a example ? del ( annoyed ) all right ... lemme see ... okay , new Burger King open up . this asshole get excited and start lining up . like it 's some five star restaurant . the place be mobbed . right ? 24 . charlie hmmmm . " five star , " huh ? ( beat ) be that stupid , wesley ? wesley no , that 's ignorant . they just do not know any better . charlie that 's what I think . ( to Del ) you better give I another example . del this be bullshit , can we get down to business here , please ? off a look from Charlie , wesley produce a pistol and gently nudge the barrel into Del 's ear . del ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ ! wesley he 's wait ... del okay , uh ... the , umm , injun be stupid . wesley " tnjun ? " charlie you do not just say " injun , " Del . del the Indians , injun , whatever . they be always drunk and do stupid thing . charlie like what ? del driving they car into tree ... puke on the sidewalk ... stupid shit ! charlie let 's see ... around here that would be kiowa , kickapoo or Osage , if I be not mistaken . del I ... I do not know ... 25 . charlie well , my idea of stupid be very different from yours . ( beat ) so here 's how this be gonna work . would you take you sock off , please ? del my sock ? wesley you hear the man . Del slowly take he shoe and sock off . he 's sweat , tremble . charlie I be gonna talk to you and when I be finish , you can answer . but I do not like be interrupt . now roll they into a ball ... Del do it . del oh , Jesus , please ... please , God . charlie and put they in you mouth . at a sharp look from Charlie , Del obediently stuff the sock into he mouth and start to cry . wesley produce a roll of duct tape and fasten Del 's hand to the back of he chair . 26 int . betty' house - den - night 26 Betty be glue to the tv , oblivious to the man . Chloe and David be still talk in he car . she continue to cry . david ( v.0 . ) you be wonderful , Chloe , you be ... but I just know there 's something special out there for I . 27 int . betty' house - dine room - night 27 charlie now I be gonna tell you what stupid be . stupid be take something that do not belong to you . right wesley ? 26 . Del nod ; wesley that 's right . charlie stupid be try to sell it to other people who be , by they very nature , untrustworthy . wesley that be so right . charlie stupid be call people in Kansas City who be affiliate with the rightful owner of the thing you steal , and try to sell it to they . right wesley ? wesley now , that 's really stupid . charlie so you see , we have totally different idea of what 's stupid and what 's not . do not we ? cry , sweat . charlie ( cont would ) good . now we be get somewhere . you agree that you be stupid ? Del nod again . wesley collect Charlie 's glass and mix he another drink . he get a beer for himself and stand behind Del . Charlie sip he drink slowly , savore it . charlie ( cont would ) you know , a hundred and fifty year ago you would have be scalp for that remark about Native Americans . right here where you house be - you would have be scalp . wesley Hell of a way to die . charlie it be not always fatal , wesley . we could scalp Del right now , and he would be plenty alive to tell we how it feel . Del 's eye get huge . charlie ( cont 'd ) it 's pretty simple , too . ( beat ) 27 . 28 first you take a knife and just draw a mark right across the hairline . wesley produce a long knife and trace a line across the very top of Del 's forehead . trickles of blood wind they way down he brow . Del be moaning and panting through he sock . charlie ( cont would ) hold still , Del , we be just talk here ... ( point to a spot ) then you grab a big handful of hair and pull as you cut . it 's amazing how easily the scalp come off . wesley a mark , huh ? wesley take a jab at Del 's forehead with he knife , leave a small cut . Del start twitching , rock back and forth as wesley grab a fistful of he hair . wesley ( cont would ) shut the fuck up ! I bleed more than that when I shave ... Del stop move . he breathes furiously through he nostril . charlie now . I want to know the particular of you stupid act : how you get what do not belong to you , who help you get it , and of course , where it be now . Charlie pull the sock out of Del 's mouth . Del splutter , gasp for air . del it 's in the buick ! I swear to God it 's all there ! int . blake daniel ' office - day ( on tv screen ) 28 David enter . blake nod to he grimly . david you want to see I , blake ? blake I wish I could say I have good news . ( off David 's look ) David , I will get right to the point . 29 Chloe Jensen have file charge of sexual 28 . assault against you . ( beat ) you can continue to practice at L.A. County , but I be afraid I have to revoke you privilege here at loma vista until this be resolve . hold on David 's shocked expression ... music up as del ( 0.s. ) please don't kill I !!! Betty 's not sure what Del say , but the panic in he voice get through . she hit pause and take a look . int . betty' house - dine room - night 29 Del be face she , tiny rivulet of blood run into he terrify eye . wesley stand at he shoulder , still hold a handful of he hair , still poise with the knife . del I get it from a truck driver name duane cooley , out of amarillo . he bring my car down from Detroit . but I have not touch it , I swear to you ... please ! please ! please ! annoy , Charlie stuff the sock back in Del 's mouth . Betty stare . her gaze shift from Del to wesley , draw by wesley 's demonic expression . charlie consider yourself lucky . luckier than that ' injun ' you have such contempt for . wesley stare at the top of Del 's head . Betty stare at wesley . Charlie walk into the kitchen for another drink . charlie ( cont would ) I will tell you , if anyone get a raw deal it 's the american indian . this country have a black mark on its soul for what be do to they . wesley 's nostril flare . Betty lean forward . charlie ( cont would ) I be all for they own casinos , get 30 31 rich off the white man 's greed . it 's a beautiful piece of irony , be not it , wesley ? 29 . wesley it sure be !! and with a long scream , wesley rip Del 's scalp from he head . it make a sicken sound like fabric tear . for a long moment , there be only silence . a eerie silence . suddenly , Del scream into he sock and thrashes in he seat , blood pour down he head on all side . somehow , he manage to get to he foot , the chair still tape to he , and begin smash into whatever be near . blood fly and curio shatter as Del thunder through the room . a die bull , only messier . it 's quite a show . charlie jesus christ !!! wesley step back , stare at the drip scalp in he hand , as if wonder how it get there . Betty be transfix , horrify . Charlie re-enter . the two man look at each other over Del 's muffled scream as he plow headlong into wooden panele , a china cabinet , and finally , back toward they near the breakfast counter . Del bashes blindly into it . charlie ( cont would ) ( to wesley ) what the fuck be the matter with you ?! wesley be practically foam at the mouth , still rush on what he do . Charlie draw a silence pistol and mercifully shoot Del through the head . the big man stop suddenly , blink once or twice , topple over . int . betty' house - den - night 30 Betty point she remote at the dining room and click it , as if try to make the image disappear . finally , she give up , slowly turn away from the carnage and aim at the tv . " a reason to Love " pause on the face of David ravell and Betty sit in absolute silence . int . betty' house - dine room - night 31 32 33 Charlie quickly begin to hide they track , produce a plastic baggie and collect the beer can and he own glass . he also wipe down the fridge as wesley watch . charlie be you out of you mind ? you scalp he ! 30 . wesley you tell I how to do it ! charlie that be to get he to talk ! ( beat ) get rid of that thing , will you ? wesley cross to the garbage can , step on the lever . he look at the scalp one more time before drop it in . charlie ( cont 'd ) this be great - just great ! now we do not know where the goddamn stuff be . wesley he tell we it 's in the buick . charlie we do not know which buick , do we ? wesley well , why would you shoot he ? charlie I have to shoot he ! it be the only decent thing to do . they exit the house . charlie ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) this be very unprofessional , wesley . int . betty' house - den - night 32 Betty be still in the family room , stare at the tv . she push ' play ' again and David ravell begin to speak . ext . sue ann be house - STREET - later 33 Sue Ann come out of she house , balance a homemade cake in front of she . the candle give off a unearthly glow as she 34 35 36 pick she way up the sizemore 's gravel drive . int . betty' house - den - same time 34 Betty be catatonic , stare at the freeze image of David ravell on she tv . downstair , Sue Ann come in . 31 . sue ann ( 0.s . ) happy birthday to you ! happy birthday to you ! happy birthday , dear -- a terrify scream as the cake land unceremoniously on the entryway . on betty as she hit ' play ' : david you be wonderful , Chloe , you be ... but I just know there 's something special out there for I . int . betty' house - foyer - later that night 35 Roy enter the foyer and look around , carry a pad and pen in hand . he hear voice from the kitchen , see flashbulb go off . he sneak down the hall when a voice stop he . deputy hang on there , Roy . nobody come in . roy elden call I . he want to , ahh , make a statement for the paper ... the deputy nod he through and Roy move off toward the sewing room where he have spot Betty . int . betty' house - sewing room - same time 36 Betty be pack a overnight bag on she bed when Roy enter and quietly close the door behind he . she be work with a purpose , almost like a different person from the woman we first meet . still bright and cheerful , but with a willful glint in she eye . determined . roy hey , Betty . be you okay ? betty I be great , good , content . ( stop ) what happen to you arm , Roy ? roy oh , nothing , it 's fine . I just need to keep it wrap for a few ... 32 . betty make sure it 's elevate ... roy uh-huh . betty you want I to make you a sling ? it 's no problem ... Betty start whipping a T-shirt into place but stop abruptly . she turn curiously to Roy . betty ( cont would ) what be you do here , Roy ? roy well , I be worried about you and I want to make sure you be alright ... and I guess I be sort of hope I could ask you about what happen ... betty oh , that ... sure , I see the whole thing . it be disgusting ! roy my God ... do you get a look at who do it ? betty yes. roy you do ? be it anyone that you ...? betty it be Chloe ... sheriff ballard enter the house , survey the scene of the crime where one deputy wipe blood off he boot with a paper towel , and erupt when he see Roy . ballard hey , you guy wanna try not step directly in the evidence , please ? ( to Roy ) ostrey , you and you goddamn police scanner ! I leave for ten minute and ... Betty , I be sorry about this . he motion to a female officer . 33 . ballard ( cont would ) why do not you take she down to the station ? we will be along in a bit ... she lead Betty out the kitchen door . betty ' night , guy ... 37 int . betty' house - dine room - night 37 as ballard lead Roy into the next room ... ballard okay , let 's go ... I get nothing for the record yet . roy oww ! my arm , careful ! ballard ahh , what would you do now ... fall off you bike again ? roy no , it 's nothing , I ... my piranha just maul I a little when I lay they food out . ballard good God ... they be meat eater , Roy , just drop the shit in there ! roy I can not ... they prefer a more formal presentation . I do not usually go so close to the surface , but I be ... ballard ... you be so goddamn weird . ( beat ) 38 39 oh , and by the way , get the hell outta here ! roy no , elden , I need to ... ballard you need to get yourself go from my crime scene . and leave Betty alone , she 's ... 34 . roy she know who kill del. elden , she say it be a woman . ballard it be not a woman . roy yes it be . Betty see the whole thing ! you killer 's name be Chloe ... ballard I be tellin ' you it be not no woman , Roy ! int . betty' house - live room - night 38 ballard drag Roy into the live room , where he see Del . he have be turn upright and be be carefully examine . roy Jesus ... ballard you think a woman do that ?! Roy run into the kitchen , cover he mouth . int . betty' house - kitchen - night 39 ballard and he croney delight in watch Roy struggle with the dry heave . Roy run to the kitchen sink , almost lose it , then wipe he mouth with a paper towel . ballard kinda 's look like a burnt out roman candle , do not he ? ( beat ) Del must have sell a lemon to the wrong indian , and get pay back the old fashioned way . they kickapoos get pretty mean when they drink ... Roy see Del 's scalp in the garbage can as he go to drop he crumpled towel inside . roy so , you think you be gonna find he scalp hang in some tepee ? ballard they no longer live in tepee , Mr. College Graduate . 35 . roy do you send anyone out there ? ballard you bet I do . I get a squad car on the way to the reservation right now . roy bad idea ballard you just go write you little story , Roy . I will handle the police work ... roy you better handle what 's in this garbage can first . 40 ext . sizemore motor - night 40 every car on the lot have its trunk open and spare tire on the ground behind it . Charlie and wesley be at the last car . wesley I still do not understand how you know Del be tell the truth . charlie I see he soul wesley . he be face to face with he God , and no one lie in that situation . but you geronimo act rattle I , and I abandon my instinct . ( beat ) never abandon you instinct . wesley I do not . you give I a look ! charlie what ' look ' ? wesley that one look you get ! I think you be do , so I take he out ... charlie I be not do , I be just sick of hearing he whine . and you do not take he out , you scalp he . Christ , I almost puke , do I tell you that ? wesley well , why would you have to tell that indian story ? 36 . charlie what the hell do that mean ? if I would tell a ty cobb story would you have clubbed he to death with a bat ? wesley be stung . Charlie slam the last trunk in disgust . the rest remain where they be ; open . charlie ( cont would ) it 's not here . let 's go . wesley you just gonna leave this car sit here like this ? charlie why not , it will confuse ‘em ... gotta do something , now that you fuck it up . wesley I want to make a statement . charlie let I tell you something . in we business you can not put food on the table if you phone do not ring . the guy who get the call be good - not flashy , just good . they get in , they get out . nobody know a goddamn thing . understand ? boom , boom , boom . Three in the head and you know they be dead . wesley that 's a good motto . charlie Fine , I will get you a bumpersticker , but 41 you better start believe it ! it 's the only statement you need to make . int . police station / observation room - night Al Betty be question in a hold room by a police officer and a doctor . ballard and Roy watch through a window . doctor and do you husband know this people ? betty sort of ... but he ignore they . doctor and how do that make you feel , Betty ? 37 . betty I feel all cold inside . and angry . ballard look both way to make sure he will not be overhear . ballard I question Joyce about all this ... roy yeah ? ballard seem she be pretty familiar with 'ol Del . on a regular basis , if you get my drift ... roy and half the other guy in this town . include you , I believe ... ballard junior year ! roy anyway , so what ? ballard so ? ... suppose Betty find out about they ? roy you say a woman could not have do it . ballard a woman can write a check . roy so you be say Betty sizemore - we Betty sizemore - - who you be in swing choir with -- have now hire somebody to scalp she husband in she own kitchen while she watch ? you be amazing . ballard be just a theory ... just ' cause I be think it do not mean I like it . the doctor come out of the hold room . ballard ( cont would ) how be she ? 38 . doctor she 's in a kind of shock . I see all the sign of a post - traumatic reaction with possible dissociative symptom . ballard could I have that in american ? doctor it 's a type of alter state ... it allow a traumatize person to continue function . ballard so she do witness it ? roy oh , you be sharp as a tack , elden . ballard that 's it ! you're gone ! he spin Roy around and march he toward the door , one arm bent behind he back . roy oww , the arm , the arm ! ballard you just do not know when to quit , Roy ! you be jealous of I when I get hall monitor in seventh grade , and you be still jealous now !!! roy one question , Doctor , please ! ( outside the door ) you can not do this ! I be the 42 43 press , I have rights !! ballard that 's right , you have the right to remain silent . ballard push Roy out the door . as he return , Roy reappear behind he , lean in to listen . ballard do not see he . ballard ( cont would ) sorry you have to see that . you be say ? doctor I be say that it seem probable that she witness the murder , but she memory of it be go , at least for the time be . I also think you ought to have she 39 . stay with someone tonight . ( beat ) any idea who Chloe or lonnie be ? ballard no ... Friends from the diner maybe ? doctor well , you should find out . she keep talk about they ... ballard nod , sure he 's get a clue here . he look in at Betty again , just as she begin repack she travel bag . he frown at this , he suspicion fuel all the more . ext . sue ann be house - night 42 a police car pull up to Sue Ann 's house . Betty get out , carry she overnight bag . Sue Ann appear , embrace she and lead she inside . int . sue ann be house - bedroom - later 43 Betty lie down in a bright red race car bed . Sue Ann tuck she in and turn out the light . sue ann let I know if you need anything , okay ? betty be you and Larry happy ? sue ann oh , I dunno ... enough , I s'pose . betty then you should treasure that ... you gotta hold on to whatever you get that 's any good , even if it 's only a little bit . sue ann all you be through ... I ever tell you what a good friend you be ? betty all the time ... sue ann well , you be . after a beat ... 40 . betty something bad happen to Del and I , do not it ? sue ann yeah , hon . Real bad . you just get some sleep , everything 's gonna be fine . betty Sue Ann , I be sorry about all this , but I just know there 's something special out there for I ... Sue Ann look down at she friend , troubled . she stroke Betty 's hair gently and kiss she . after she leave , Betty lie awake , stare at the ceiling . a mobile dangle overhead . later the mickey mouse clock on the wall read 3:30 . beneath it , Betty be sit up in bed , wide awake . 44 int . sue ann be house - live room - night 44 Betty come down the stair without a sound . she find a pen and paper near the phone and write a note . insert : dear Del : this be the hardest thing I have ever do and I can not even face you . but I need to be honest . we have not be happy for a long time . you always say people have some . 45 46 47 48 49 need they space , and now you will I be sorry . Betty she take off she wedding band and put it on the table . ext . betty' house / garage - night 45 Betty raise the garage door , toss she overnight bag and birthday money envelope into the lesabre , and get in . she drive through Fair oak , past the town limit . she keep on drive until she car recede into the moonlit prairie horizon . 41 . ext ./ int . lesabre - drive - night 46 she come to a sudden halt in front of the " you be leave Kansas " billboard . she stare hard at it through the windshield . suddenly , she hit the gas and bolt off along the Oklahoma blacktop . she never look back . int . betty' lesabre - the next day at Betty yawn , look at she watch and increase she speed . when she see a sign for a motel ahead , she pull off the highway . ext . truck stop / motel - day 48 she park at a truck stop / restaurant / motel complex , hop out and run to the motel office window . int . truck stop - motel room - day 49 Betty enter she room , immediately turn on the tv , and plop down on the bed . voice ( v.0 . ) 50 51 and now we return to " a reason to Love . " ext . truck stop / motel parking lot - same time 50 a crowded truck stop in the Texas flatland . three truck driver in jeans , flannel shirt and denim jacket walk across the parking lot . one be a old , grizzle veteran with a salt - and - pepper stubble and a greasy cat cap on he head . it 's charlie . next to he be duane , a burly young driver in fancy cowboy boot . flanking duane be wesley . wesley so you get asian woman ? duane ( Southern accent ) sure , I get asian . get black , white , any color you like , video and magazine . get fat chick and animal too , if you want ‘em . they be extra ... charlie mmmm . well , it be a piece of luck run into you , duane . I think I be 42 . gonna have to take wesley out and hose he down . all he talk about be that japanese gal . wesley I like ‘em small . when you be inside a little asian chick , it 's like you dick be the axle that hold she body together . duane that 's nicely put . you outta get yourself to Thailand ... they reach duane 's truck , a empty car-carrier with Michigan plate , and climb up into the cab . int . duane's truck - day 51 two confederate flag criss -cross over duane 's cb unit . on the dashboard be a rebel flag pin , a bumper sticker that say " the South will rise again " and a dozen country music tape . duane get in the sleeper cab , where stack of porno tape and magazine reach the ceiling . wesley take the driver 's seat , Charlie , the passenger seat . charlie what part of Dixie be you from , duane ? duane Georgia . in case I do not tell you , it 's cash only , gentleman . wesley we can live with that . charlie I be a yankee , myself . Massachusetts . duane pass two video to wesley . duane here 's ghengis kunt and the demilitarize Zone . get it ? ( laugh ) they be Korean , so they be pretty hot . charlie you know , it 's interesting . the South lose the Civil War , but they still seem to get all the glory . duane huh ? 43 . charlie jeb Stuart , stonewall Jackson , jefferson Davis - they be all loser in my book . Charlie smile . duane stop digging through the videotape . duane the fuck you talk about ? charlie even Robert E. Lee be a loser . duane ( to wesley ) he goin ' crazy on we , or what ? charlie do you know the most brutal , inhumane prison of the entire war be in Georgia ? duane really . and where be that , old man ? 52 53 charlie andersonville . ( beat ) they do horrible thing to man there ... int . chloe' apartment - night - ( on tv screen ) 52 Chloe be curl up on she white leather sofa , cower as lonnie hover over she accusingly . lonnie I think you better tell I what 's go on here , Chloe . chloe I just feel ... funny about what we do . lonnie ( laugh ) you feel guilty ? let I remind you of something , sweetheart . you be in this up to that fabulous eye of yours . understand ? the camera hold on she face for a melodramatic beat Chloe 's trap , and she know it . pull back to reveal Betty lie on the bed in she motel room , out cold . 44 . int . duane's truck - later 53 the flag pole over the cb unit be bare . duane be in the sleeper cab , he forearm bound to he thigh with duct tape . a telltale piece of confederate red fabric hang out of he mouth . there be a purplish bruise on he forehead . he 's quiet , but glower at he captor . charlie so , at a rest stop outside logansport you notice that two guy be slip something extra in one of you car , and you decide to see what it be . then you figure you would take this valuable commodity and go into business yourself , even though it do not belong to you . but you need a crackerjack salesman to move it , so you make the biggest mistake of you short life and choose Del . sound right so far ? duane nod . charlie ( cont would ) Del 's dead , by the way . I send he to the great Beyond . wesley actually , I scalp he , and then you kill he . duane narrow he eye in disbelief . charlie exactly . ( beat ) now , the one thing I do not get be that we check all the buick on that lot . four ' 97 lesabre and nothing in them . duane smile mockingly . charlie ( cont 'd ) ohhh ... there be not four , be there ? Charlie reach up above the visor and pull down a rumple manifest . he leaf through it . charlie ( cont would ) there be five , damn it ! I should have know ! ! goddamn ... ( beat ) so , what happen to the fifth car ? 45 . duane shrug he shoulder . charlie ( cont 'd ) you know you be go to die , do not you , duane ? ( duane nod ) and you really do not know where that other lesabre be , do you ? duane shake he head . Charlie sigh , resign . charlie ( cont would ) he 's tell the truth . he do not know . wesley should I kill he now ? charlie wait . any last word , General Lee ? 54 duane nod emphatically . wesley pull the confederate flag out of he mouth . duane suck my dick , you yankee piece of shit . he spit in wesley 's face . Charlie have to restrain wesley . charlie God , I admire that . ya see that , wesley ? that 's why they get all the glory . Charlie climb down from the big rig and head across the parking lot . the town car be park near the adjacent motel , just a few space away from Betty 's lesabre . with a furious calm wesley wipe he face , then take out a can of lighter fluid , set it on the dash and look at duane . wesley .. why would you spit on I ? ext . truck stop / motel parking lot - dusk 54 Charlie pull the town car alongside duane 's rig and drum the steering wheel impatiently . it begin to rain . there be flash of lightning in the distance . charlie come on , wesley , three shot . a flash of orange flame ignites inside duane 's cab . Charlie sigh . finally , three dull thud reverberate from inside . wesley climb down clutching a videotape and get in the car . 46 . charlie ( cont would ) what the hell be that , another statement ? wesley well , no one ever spit in my face before . especially some cracker fuck . charlie you have to rise above it . the professional rise above that kind of thing ... as they drive away flame be beginning to dance inside the cab . 55 56 57 int . truck stop / motel room - evening 55 the flickering light of the tv screen be the only light . Betty lie asleep on the bed . the news come on and she start to stir as newscaster small town of Fair oak ... have leave people shake ... owner - manager of sizemore Motors Betty sit up . on the tv screen be a shot of Del as julius caesar from one of he commercial . newscaster ( cont would ) police be still investigate . she blink at the screen , confuse , as the next story come on , Betty reach for the phone . int . police station - evening 56 ballard be do paperwork . Roy be asleep on a nearby bench . a deputy pick up a ringing phone and hand it to ballard . deputy sheriff , it 's Betty sizemore , on two ! ballard shhh !... ( whisper ) betty ? where be you ? 47 . int . truck stop / motel room - on betty 57 betty I be in a motel . have something happen to Del ? do he do something stupid ? ballard ( v.o. ) betty , I need to talk to you ... in person ! where 're you at ? betty if this be about del , forget it ! i'm not coming back ! ballard ( v.o. ) godammit , betty ! ... who' chloe ? 58 59 60 betty i'm through talking now ! goodbye ! she hang up . headlight sweep across the curtain , startling she . int . betty' lesabre - moving - day 58 Betty cross the border from Texas into New Mexico . she grip the wheel intently , drive for all she 's worth . omit 59 ext . fair oak trailer park - late afternoon 60 Betty 's blue corsica sit surround by yellow police tape . half a dozen cop mill around . to one side be several reporter and photographer , Roy include . a few resident mill around in the background . a stack of picture of Betty sit on a makeshift table . reporter # 1 who witness Ms. sizemore drive here ? ballard the Assistant manager , Mr. wylie . reporter # 2 but he could not identify the male passenger ? 48 . ballard only to say he be wear green . roy what if the killer do not see she ? you publish she picture - you be gonna get she kill ! ballard no , we be bring the community into the effort to find she . roy you be lie ! 61 ballard I speak to Betty sizemore yesterday . ( the reporter hush ) that 's right . there 's no doubt in my mind , folk ... she 's on the run . whether or not she 's mix up in all this remain to be see ... roy that 's bullshit , sheriff ! you think she 's a suspect ! ballard I would like to apologize for we local boy . he 's be in love with Betty since the fifth grade , y'see . he mean well , but he 's in over he head on this . int . tip top diner - next morning 61 close shot of a headline in the wichita Eagle : " eye witness to brutal murder missing " over a picture of Betty . Charlie be one of many customer read a copy . wesley be plow through a stack of pancake . wesley so how do we know that car 's still in Fair oak ? charlie we do not . but a ' 97 Le sabre will be easy to find if it 's here , town this size ... ( beat ) he say he give he wife some car as a gift , remember ? Charlie turn the page for emphasis and study Betty 's feature . 49 . charlie ( cont would ) this be bad , wesley . very , very bad . wesley happily add three strip of bacon bring by a waitress , who wear a button with the word " miss " over Betty 's face . charlie ( cont would ) extremely bad . wesley finally look up , directly at the picture of Betty . charlie ( cont would ) do you hear what I say ? wesley nod , he mouth stuff with food . charlie ( cont would ) maybe you do not appreciate the gravity of this situation . it 's bad enough that we do not have what we come here for . it 's worse that we do not know where it be . and now this . ( point at the headline ) this be suppose to be my last job . I already put the deposit down on my boat . ( beat ) how can you eat at a time like this ? I get nauseous just watch you ... wesley I can eat because I know we do not kidnap that woman . I can eat because they be not look for we . and I can eat ' cause I be fuck hungry ... ( off Charlie 's look ) relax . she 's gonna end up on a milk carton and that 's about it . charlie I hope you be right ... wesley I know I be . let 's just do what we gotta do here , and get the fuck go . they sit for a moment in silence . wesley swallow without chew and Charlie study Betty 's photo . charlie she get out of town awfully fast . and be not she quiet in that house ? I think most woman would have scream , do not you ? I know they would have ... ( beat ) 50 . we could be deal with a cun , ruthless woman ... int. / ext . sue ann be house - day 62 Sue Ann open she front door to find wesley stand before she . it 's a new wesley : glass , conservative suit , and a convincingly humble manner . wesley Mrs. Rogers ? I be dwight Campbell , with neighborly life insurance . I be look for Betty sizemore . sue ann I wish I could help you , but I can not . wesley be hit by a fly action figure . he do not flinch . kid run by . wesley be not they precious ? ( beat ) ma'am , she have a substantial death benefit come to she from the tragic loss of she husband . do she have any relative in the area ? sue ann no. ( beat ) well , she grandparent be down in Oklahoma , but that 's it ... wesley I see . and be you in touch with Mrs. sizemore ? sue ann no . but I be taping she show every day so she can watch it when she come back . wesley her show ? sue ann " a reason to Love . " wesley 's eye light up . he can not help himself . wesley I see . ( beat ) do Chloe testify ? 51 . sue ann ( reassure ) I do not think she will . she 's a slut , but I just do not think she 's that mean . jasmine will bring she around ... wesley jasmine ... do you have yesterday 's show on tape , by any chance ? 63 Sue Ann hold the door open , smile , and wesley enter . int . tip top diner - kansas - day 63 Charlie nurse a cup of coffee at the counter while talk to darlene . his Federal Marshall 's badge rest on the counter . shehands he two photo of Betty take at she birthday celebration . in one she 's hold the cardboard David ravell . the other , a closeup shot . charlie and how long do she work here ? darlene oh , five year , give or take . charlie hmm ... you two in high school together ? darlene be not you a sweetheart ... no , not quite . anyway , she 's be with we awhile . charlie but she want more out of life , right ? darlene no ... she just want something outta life . anything . and with Del , she be not get nothing . that 's she husband , Del . I be sorry about what happen and all , but that 's the way I feel about all of this ... charlie I see . ( hold up photo ) May I ? darlene if it help bring she back , be my guest ... 52 . charlie thank you for you cooperation . ( beat ) just one more thing ... do she ever talk about get rich ? darlene who do not ? darlene try to smile and return to the kitchen . Charlie study the snapshot , compare they . 64 int . apartment / bedroom - day 64 wesley be in bed on top of Joyce , humping she slowly . wesley and what kind of car do she drive ? joyce well , she want a lesabre , but Del make she use that blue corsica ... ( beat ) so , be this what you boy would call ' pump I for information ?! Joyce giggle as wesley stop move . wesley do you say lesabre ? joyce look , she do not kill Del over no car if that 's what you be think . wesley but she could have take one , right ? with she knee , Joyce prod he into humping she again . joyce maybe , but I do not think she have the nerve . I know she . and I 'ma pretty good judge of character ... Joyce reach for a cigarette on the nightstand and take a deep drag . wesley close he eye and turn away , offended . wesley yeah , I can see that . 53. 65 ext . desert road - william , arizona - day 65 Betty drive along a lonely stretch of highway that slowly reveal a desert town in the distance . 66 int . canyon ranch bar - day 66 Big ol ' place . lot of wood and red leather . Betty rush in as the clock on the wall read 2:58 . the town drunk , merle , be alone at the bar watch " bass Masters " on a huge tv screen . in front of he be a remote control . a few other at table . Betty sidle up to the bar and sit down . she look at merle , at the clock , at the remote . betty would you mind very much if I change the channel at three o'clock ? merle yes . he burp , then finally look at she with bleary eye . betty please ? it 's very important to I . " a reason to Love " come on at three around here . he ignore she . Betty put she wallet on the bar . betty ( cont would ) I will give you money . merle slam he hand down on the bar , scare she . merle be you deaf ?!! it 's 3:01 . ellen draber , 40' , appear behind the bar , look at the clock and take the remote from merle . she change the channel to " a reason to Love " as the open title end . Betty can not believe it . merle smile at she wickedly . merle ( cont would ) please keep it down , it 's time for " a reason to Love ... " 54 . betty that 's real funny . why do not you have another drink ? ellen what 's the matter here ? betty I begge he to let I put that on ! 67 68 ellen he 's a prick . merle ?... you be a prick . merle grunt in reply . ellen turn back to Betty . ellen ( cont 'd ) so you be into " reason , " too ? finally , someone civilized ! I be ellen , what can I get you ? betty hi , I be Betty . I will take a Miller , if you get it ... int . chloe' apartment - day ( on tv screen ) 67 Chloe pace in front of she white sofa , a match white telephone in she hand . she look worried . ellen ( 0.s. ) what 's that bitch up to now ? we hear the beep tone of a answer machine . chloe lonnie ? it 's Chloe . we need to talk I do not think I can go through with this . she hang up . the camera stay on she for a melodramatic beat of introspection as we go to commercial . int . canyon ranch bar - return to bar 68 betty do you have a phone ? ellen swing a phone up onto the bar . ellen if it 's long distance you can leave I a buck when you be do . Betty dial 55 . betty Sue Ann ? it 's Betty . I just want to let you know I be okay ... huh ? ) I be at the Canyon ranch bar in ( look at ellen ) merle Phoenix ... ellen shut up , merle ... Williams . betty Williams , Arizona . about halfway there , I guess . 69 int . sue ann be house - day 69 Sue Ann be in she kitchen , ignore the plea of all three child . sue ann halfway where ? you have gotta come home . we have be worried sick about you . be you alright ? betty ( v.0 . ) Sue Ann , I think you of all people would back I up on this , you know what Del 's like . how do he take my note ? sue ann Betty , honey , listen to I . a man come by from mutual life insurance . he say you have get money comin ' to you from Del 's policy . ( beat ) Del 's life insurance policy -- be you with I ? betty ( v.0 . ) what be you talk about ? 70 int . canyon ranch bar - day 70 " a reason to love " come back on the tv . betty tell Del I be sorry . I leave so quick , but I need to do this . sue ann ( v.0 . ) do what ? 56 . betty 71 72 I gotta go . sue ann ( v.0o . ) Betty ! listen to I ! Del be Betty hang up . int . cocktail lounge - night ( on tv screen ) 71 David be at a bar stare into he drink . lonnie be with he . lonnie how you hold up , amigo ? david I just wish I know why she 's do it . lonnie yeah . woman be a unsolve mystery . ellen ( 0.s. ) if that little weasel ever walk in here I would not serve he . betty ( 0.s. ) I would slap he face . ellen ( 0.s. ) I would kick he in the nut , if I think he have any . dissolve to : int . canyon ranch bar - later 72 there be two empty beer bottle in front of Betty . the theme music and close credit of " a reason to Love " be play . Betty push the phone back across the bar . ellen where you head , Betty ? betty Los Angeles , California . ellen and you call you friend , and she 's tell you not to go ? ( Betty nod ) when I go to Europe my friend tell I I be crazy . 57 . betty Europe ? the Europe ? ( laugh ) this be my first time out of Kansas . ellen I should call you dorothy . ( beat ) when I leave here I go straight to Italy . everybody tell I not to go . but I want to go to Rome ever since I see audrey hepburn in " Roman holiday , " and goddamnit , I go . betty do you love it ? ellen sure I love it ! it be great . ellen rinse a few glass as she talk to Betty . ellen ( cont 'd ) let I tell you something . I get grope by this tunisian guy who think I be a slut for wear short , it be hotter than stink the whole time , and I get some kind of weird gum disease from the water . plus , it end my marriage -- betty that 's horrible ! ellen no , he be a toad . even more of a toad than merle ... I just wear the ring to keep the fly away . Rome be the best thing I ever do , because I did it ! and I swear to you , it change I . I have be to Rome , Italy ! I sit every morning at the Cafe sistina and have my cappuccino , and watch the pilgrim walk to mass , and no one can ever take that away from I . Betty lean across the bar conspiratorially . she look at merle to make sure he will not hear she . betty I leave my husband two day ago . ellen really ? 58 . betty I be get back with my ex-fianc . he propose to I right around here , so I guess this be just sort of a sentimental stop ... ellen wait , I think you say you would never be outta Kansas ... betty oh . I mean , except for that . ( beat ) yep . I be trading in a car dealer for a heart specialist , so that 's pretty good ... ellen Nice move . cedar sinai ? betty no. loma vista . ellen ( laugh ) I s'pose he name 's David ravell . betty ( truly shocked ) how do you know ? ellen what 's he real name ? betty Dr. David ravell . ellen you mean ... George mccord , the actor ? betty no , I mean David ravell . he 's a surgeon . ellen look at Betty . ellen yeah , I know , we just watch he together , remember ? up there on the tv. ( off Betty 's earnest look ) good God almighty ... you be serious . I have hear about people like you . ellen whistle , wipe the bar down to buy a few second . merle look over at Betty , then catch ellen 's eye . 59 . ellen ( cont 'd ) piss off , merle. ( to Betty ) so how you gonna find he , Betty ? betty I will go to the Hospital . ellen what if you can not find he ? what if you get out there , and nothing 's the way you think it be gonna be ? betty like Rome ? ellen worse . betty you make out alright . ellen yeah , but at least I know Rome be gonna be there when I arrive ... ellen walk to the end of the bar and start rinsing glass . after a beat , Betty get up and move down close to she . betty ellen , this be the biggest thing I have ever do , but I have gotta do it . ellen you take care of yourself then , Betty , and do not let anybody stop you ... betty to tell you the truth , I can not believe I have make it this far . it may not be Europe , but I just know there 's something special out there for I ... ellen look into Betty 's eye - see the innocence , the hope and cue the the enthusiasm - and have to look away . Betty take it as she to leave . she smile , put two dollar on the bar near phone and leave . ellen stand perfectly still , watch door . merle what planet be she from ? 60 . 73 74 75 int . betty' lesabre - grand canyon - moving - day 73 Betty approach the grand canyon , drive slowly along the South rim , search for a specific spot . finally , she pull over abruptly . this be it . we can tell by the joy in she expression . ext . grand canyon - day 74 Betty walk to the rail and gaze out at the canyon . turn she head slowly , as if expect it , she see david ravell lean on the rail about twenty foot away , clutching a bouquet of rose . Betty start toward he ... he start toward she ... a magic moment ... shatter when a black sedan appear , inching its way along . she freeze . David vanish , and a elderly man help he wife out of the car and snap she picture in front of the canyon . Betty move away . int . lincoln town car - kansas - moving - night 75 Charlie and wesley drive across Kansas farm country . charlie so she get rid of the asshole and be set for life in the same day . wesley you think so ? Joyce say she 's timid . charlie Joyce be screwing Del . wesley among other . charlie I would say that about torch she credibility , would not you ? wesley yeah , well , if the wife 's try to sell it she will fuck up . she 's a amateur , just like Del be . the car phone ring . Charlie answer . 61 . charlie maybe ... ( into phone ) yes ? sue ann ( v.0 . ) be this neighborly life insurance ? charlie sorry , you have get the wrong number . he hang up . charlie ( cont 'd ) no , I see Betty as a midwestern stoic type . Ice water in she vein . a clear thinker . probably a swede or a Finn . wesley a ' Finn ? ' what be a Finn ? charlie you should read more . listen to I . I think this woman be wait for a chance to do this , and we give it to she . she keep to herself for year , live with a pompous asshole . then she see she opportunity , and boom ! - she leave that little mudpatch in the dust . this heartlander can not figure it out , ' cause that 's not they sweet little Betty . hah ! we have be tracking she for , what , three day and I already understand she better and most the people in that shitty little burg . Charlie pull out the close - up photo and study it . charlie ( cont would ) Betty , Betty , Betty ... wesley so what the fuck 's a Finn ? charlie oh , for chrissake . it just mean the kind of person who can eat shit for a long time without complain , then cut they momma 's throat and go dance the same night . wesley like ... we ? 62 . 76 76a 77 charlie no , ... like a worthy adversary , wesley . like a very worthy adversary . omit 76 int . roy' apartment - day 76 a Roy approach he fish tank cautiously . he lean down and look at the piranha as a tv commercial end and " a reason to Love " come on . he then return to he computer , struggle to find the right word and to type they with only one hand . he type a little , stare at the screen , then delete a entire sentence one character at a time , hammer on the ' delete 's key . he glance up at the television as the word ' Chloe ' and ' lonnie 's be repeat . int . police station - ballard office - the next day 77 Roy and Sue Ann go straight to ballard 's office , where they find he at he desk eat lunch out of tupperware container . he wear a napkin tuck into he shirt - top . ballard what the hell do you want ?... hey , Sue Ann , what 's up ? roy we think we know where Betty be . ballard ah , shit ... do I have to hear this now ? sue ann what 's with the tupperware , elden , do meredith run outta baggy ? ballard no reason to get a plate dirty . roy I see you be stick to the diet Betty put you on ... ballard worry about you own goddamn lunch ! roy ( excited ; to Sue Ann ) tell he what you tell I . 63 . sue ann Betty be a big , big fan of the soap opera , " a reason to Love . " look ... she toss a copy of " soap Opera digest " on the desk . ballard ignore it and keep eat . ballard why do I need to see this ? do he ask you to ...? roy listen ! I see ' Chloe ' and ' lonnie ' on t.v . they be television character . sue ann Betty 's in love with Dr. David ravell , from the show . what if she 's out in Los Angeles look for he ? the actor , I mean ... ballard that 's the dumbest thing I have ever hear . roy yeah ? well , she call Sue Ann yesterday from Arizona . ballard she say she be in Arizona , do she ? roy & sue ann yes !! ballard you people be even more stupid than I think . the woman 's on the run and she 's gonna just phone in she location ? sue ann come on , elden , she 's not on the run . could not you at least call the Los Angeles Police Department ? roy you gotta do that much . ballard hey , I be the law . I do not gotta do nothing ... 78 79 64 . ext . farmhouse - oklahoma - day 78 the lincoln pull into the dusty , overgrown driveway and front yard of a derelict farm . int . farmhouse / kitchen - day 79 the remain of pie and coffee on the table , Charlie and wesley kick back with jerrold blaine and he wife elizabeth , both in they 80' . photo of Betty at various age lie scattered in front of they . Charlie hold up a picture of a young Betty in ballerina costume pose at the barre . he study it intently . elizabeth this be Betty at twelve . charlie very graceful . perfect form . elizabeth Betty be a lovely child . jerrold and she always have such spirit ! but , after she mother die ... wesley would you say she be ambitious ? jerrold oh , there 's no tellin’ what that girl could have accomplish , and she never have it easy . never really have a childhood ... caring for she father , go to school . Charlie admire a photo of Betty , around 18 year old . he continue to rummage through a box of colleclecle , pockete a small child 's diary when it be convenient . charlie Wise beyond she year , I be sure , and such poise , too. ( quietly ) very , very impressive ... wesley well , then , do you ever get any indication that she want to leave she husband ? 65 . elizabeth I do not like talk bad about the dead , but now that he 's go I can tell you she put up with thing in that marriage I would not have . and yes , she , of all people , be the one who defend he . and that 's why what that sheriff say make I so angry . charlie what do you mean ? elizabeth if anyone have pay to have that husband of hers kill , it would have be I . charlie ( take she hand ) Mrs. blaine ? I can tell you right now , without a doubt , that you granddaughter be alive , and do not kill Del sizemore . jerrold you have get to be miss a piece of you soul to kill someone . that 's not we Betty ... wesley ( defensive ) why do you think you have to be miss a piece of you soul to kill somebody ? jerrold because it be not natural , young man . wesley what be you talk about ? killing 's totally natural . it 's die that be not natural ... charlie ( cover ) my partner 's still young , Mr. blaine , and he love he job . ( laugh ) he would like to kill all the criminal himself ! ( beat ) now , if Betty be run from someone , where do you think she would go ? 80- 82 83 84 omit 80-82 66 . int . betty' lesabre / ext . county usc hospital - moving - 83 afternoon Betty drive through boyle Heights - East L.A. , hold a map and check street sign . she be wear a brand new nurse 's uniform . up ahead , she see the hillside complex of L.A. County / usc Hospital . hurriedly , she pull over and check herself in the visor mirror . she be underwhelm . betty God ... I still look like a waitress . int . hospital - chief nurse's office - afternoon 84 the chief nurse , a large , dynamic woman in she 50' , face Betty across she desk . chief nurse of course , I do not know every doctor who work here ... betty Dr. ravell 's the finest surgeon on the staff . you must know he . he 's incredibly handsome , gentle , considerate . he 's be sue for sexual assault right now , but - — ( off Chief nurse 's look ) it 's not true . he be set up . chief nurse well , I certainly would have hear about that . betty of course , he 's only here two day a week . he 's also on staff over at loma vista . chief nurse I do not think I know that hospital . betty it 's in a very pretty area that get a lot of sun , have palm tree out front , mountain in the background ... 85 chief nurse really ? you have just describe all of Southern California . the Chief nurse look at Betty for a moment , then stand abruptly , signal the end of the interview . 67 . chief nurse ( cont would ) well , I be sorry , but I can not even consider you without reference or a resume . and frankly , I do not know how you could have forget they . int . hospital / hallway - later 85 on she way down the hall Betty pass a patient 's room when the sound of a person moaning stop she . she can not help but go inside . a tv play commercial . a older woman lie in bed , alone and stare at the ceiling . Betty look around and notice several arrangement of flower on a desert nightstand . she bring they over to the older woman 's bedside , position they , then gently stroke she head . betty there ... you rest now . the woman 's eye flutter . she be disorient at first , then calm as she adjust to the comforting sight of Betty . Betty take she hand . older woman who ... who be you ? betty I be ... I be nurse Betty . the woman smile serenely at this and begin to drift off . Betty check she monitor as the open credit of " a reason to Love " begin to play . she glance up at the doorway at the same moment and see Dr. David ravell stand at the entrance . he check the chart on the door , smile warmly at Betty and then move off . ina flash , Betty be up and after he . the theme music be she private soundtrack as she check out every man in surgical scrub , look for David ravell . then ... she see he . in all he glory at the end of a 86 87 corridor walk away from she . Betty give chase . she gain steadily on he , she heart racing . as they near emergency the noise level pick up . he stop at the nurse ' station . Betty close the gap . she start to run . betty ( cont 'd ) david !!! 68. he turn to face she ... it 's not David ravell . betty ( cont would ) sorry , I think you be someone else . ( beat ) do you know Dr. David ravell ? the man shake he head . Betty keep go , look around : it 's incredible - the size , the activity , the intensity . int . hospital - emergency area - same time 86 dozen of patient lie on gurney await treatment in a hold area . it 's still more intense at the entrance : voice talk back and forth urgently , police officer , civilian , doctor and nurse converge . ext . hospital - emergency area - late afternoon 87 five ambulance unload patient at the same time . at that moment a group of twenty japanese hospital administrator reach the e.r. portion of they tour . a white mercede tear up the ramp and screech to a stop . a young man in gang color be push out , bleed heavily . a doctor run at the mercede to head it off , yell indignantly . the car plow right into he and take off . another ambulance crest the ramp , light flash . the mercede slam into it head - on . nurse and doctor run into the parking lot . a gangbanger get out of the mercede , daze and wobbly . he pull a pistol . everyone dive for cover . the mercede driver be unconscious . the driver of the smashed up ambulance be slump over the wheel . the rear door fly open , and a young Hispanic woman , rosa herrera , leap out . rosa somebody help US ! please , somebody ! doctor and nurse work on patient and try to get to the injure doctor , but the kid with the gun keep they away . security guard draw they gun and scream at he to drop it . rosa ( cont would ) why isn't anybody helping US ?!! ( to gunman in Spanish ) hey , you little shit ! if I have a gun I would shoot you right now ! the load area be jamme with panicked people . doctor and nurse creep out of the hospital on all four , try to stay 69 . low . no one be get to Rosa , whose frantic eye find Betty . they look right at each other . rosa ( cont would ) what be you stand there for ?! Betty walk toward she calmly , indifferent to the danger as Rosa pull the gurney out of the ambulance herself . a paramedic lie unconscious inside . rosa ( cont would ) you gotta help he , he 's hurt bad !! on the gurney be a young man with a chest wound , nearly dead from blood loss . a doctor appear and quickly examine he while keep one eye on the gunman . he look up at Betty . doctor # 1 forget it ! he do not have a chance . help we over here . the doctor take off . Rosa look at Betty , cry . rosa please ! Betty hesitates , then check he pulse - he have none . she peel back the bandage over a huge chest wound . rosa ( cont 'd ) Danny , it 's gonna be all right ! Betty look at Rosa again ; look around for help - there 's no one . she plunge she finger into the wound . rosa ( cont would ) ( panic ) what be you do ? betty he have no heartbeat ! rosa you be hurt he !! 88 89 betty I be massage he heart . I see it do once . rosa be you crazy ?!! stop it !!! betty listen to I ! if I don't do this , he's dead ! 70 . she keep work on he . we hear a gunshot , and the kid with the pistol fall to the pavement . the load area immediately fill with doctor , nurse and cop . betty ( cont 'd ) all right , we be move he inside ! give I a hand ! Rosa be shocked into motion . together they wheel Danny toward the entrance . a doctor and two nurse come out to take over . Betty , she white uniform now cover in blood , step aside . int . hospital - emergency room - later 88 the doctor try to calm Rosa and keep she from enter the treatment area . rosa be he gonna live ? doctor he 's get a chance . thanks to what that nurse do . they exit together as a administrator and several japanese official approach . the Chief nurse hover nearby . administrator ( to Chief nurse ) harriet ? who be that remarkable nurse ? chief nurse that 's Betty sagamore . I hire she today . int . cheap HOTEL - night 89 several low life be hang out in the lobby . when Betty 90 come in with a bag of grocery they look up , ready to hassle she as she approach the desk clerk . betty May I have my key , please ? she put the bag on the counter , revealing that the front of she white uniform be cover with blood . she smile at the low life , stop they in they track . int . / ext . motel room - houston , TEXAS - day 90 the town car 's look a little muddy around the rim . Charlie and wesley look tired as they wait in a seedy motel 71 . room . Charlie sit near a window , read diary entry aloud . wesley kick back on the bed , fast - forward through " genghis kunt " and talk back to the screen . wesley thas ' it , thas ' it ... conquer that bitch . ( beat ) what time be they come ? charlie it 's not a exact science , wesley . he say they will be here ... my Houston contact have always be very reliable . wesley and then we be gonna do she right here . right ? charlie you be always so coarse ... " do she right here . " let 's just see what happen , okay ? ( read ) " I wish that I could find a way ; to speak my thought on mother 's Day . there be no word that quite express ; my gratitude or happiness . a pleasant smile perhaps a kiss ; I would not fail to give she this . I would make she glad the whole day through ; by sayin ' ' mother ' , I love you ! " p.s. I wish I could say this to my mother 's face , but I can not anymore . " wesley roll he eye and turn up the volume . finally a car pull up outside and Charlie snap the book close . he make a quick attempt to arrange himself and motion to wesley , who turn off the tape . a woman with greasy blonde hair and skinny leg show off by a short skirt come in with another man . Charlie look she over disgustedly as he face fall . charlie ( cont would ) who be you ?! ( to the man ) what the ... who the hell be this ? man # 1 easy , Charlie ! she 's exactly who you say you be look for . charlie wait , wait a minute . we have a major miscommunication here . this not Betty . this be not even close to Betty ... 72 . woman what the fuck're you talk about ? my name 's Betty ... charlie then I be sorry ... wrong Betty . wesley let 's get out of here . we get another long drive ahead of we . ( beat ) the fuck where I do not know , but I know it 's gonna be long . charlie ( gather he thing ) Betty would never dress like that . she 's not some trailer park slut ! woman fuck you ! charlie and she do not have a sewer for a mouth ... wesley okay , thank you , goodbye ... keep in touch ... charlie she 's get class , and poise . lot of poise ... the man look at Charlie , then at wesley , who shrug in reply as he steer they out the door . 91 92 wesley will you ease off on the ' poise 's shit , you be spook I here ... int . hospital - chief nurse's office - day 91 the Chief nurse sit behind she desk . Betty face she like a student in the principal 's office , now dress in she white waitress uniform . she hope no one notice . chief nurse what you do yesterday be reckless at best . you be not a employee of this hospital ! if that boy die I do not even want to think of the lawsuit that will follow . be we communicate here ? 73 . betty yes , mar 'am . chief nurse good . I be prepare to offer you a job . you can help out in the pharmacy until you California certification and reference arrive , but you be not to touch anyone . be that totally clear ? ( Betty nod ) Fine ... the Chief nurse get up , and Betty follow suit . chief nurse ( cont would ) you can start tomorrow . and do not say a word about this to anyone . ( study Betty 's uniform ) be that issue ? betty umm ... yes . back home . chief nurse alright . oh , and one more thing about what you do yesterday ... well do . int . hospital - intensive care unit - day 92 Danny herrera be in bed unconscious . Rosa and she mother be keep vigil when Betty enter . Rosa jump to she foot . rosa hey , it 's supernurse ! Betty , right ? Rosa hug she and tell she mother in Spanish who Betty be . rosa ( cont would ) my mother do not speak English . sra. herrera smile at Betty and start to cry . as she step forward , Rosa stand aside . the short , stocky woman envelop Betty in a bearhug . mother no podremo olvidar lo que hizo ayer . rosa ( translate ) we can not forget what you do yesterday how can my family ever repay you ? 74 . betty tell she I be just -- mother yo 's que es su empleo , pero ... rosa she do not care if it be just you job ... Danny would be dead now but for you . sra. herrera kiss Betty 's hand and smile through she tear . then she motion to Rosa to take she place as she go to Danny 's bedside . Betty pick up Danny 's chart and read it . rosa ( cont would ) you do not sound like you be from here . betty I be not . I just drive in from Kansas . rosa so why would you come to l.a.? betty I come for love . my fianc be here . mother bravo ! mi hija no hace nada para amor ... rosa you be make I look bad ... my mother 93 say I would not move across the street for love . betty it 's something I have to do . for David . rosa " David . ' that 's you guy . so , you stay with he ? the icu nurse enter and adjust the bank of machine feed , medicate and monitoring Danny . Betty watch with interest . betty no ... I do not really know where he be yet . I be at a hotel around the corner . rosa man , that be love . 75 . mother ella debe quedar contigo . rosa what ? ahh , Mom say you should stay with I ... okay , yeah , why not ? Betty look at sra. herrera curiously . rosa ( cont 'd ) you can go get you stuff right now . I will walk you down . betty no , that 's not , I could not ... rosa listen , when someone do the kind of thing you do , you gotta do something in return . so , you stay with I until you find you David and live happily ever after . okay ? Rosa follow Betty out the door . ext . rosa's apartment - night 93 Betty and Rosa make they way up the stair of a silverlake apartment house . at the sound of screeching tire they both look down as a 94 black lincoln town car drive by . Betty shudder . rosa you okay ? this neighborhood , you get use to it ... she nod . Rosa continue to talk as they climb the many stair that lead to she door . rosa ( cont would ) I get this apartment with a guy . betty the one you be tell I about ? rosa no , this one be worse ... I have to have the place spray when he leave . twice ... he be two guy before the last one -- not count a little office thing in there , which I be trust you with , ' cause if it get out , I be on the street ... 76 . int . rosa's apartment - same time 94 the place be neat . as well furnish as a legal assistant 's salary will allow . the live room be dominate by a large glass tank fill with tropical fish . Betty check out the space . betty it 's lovely ... I really like you aquarium . rosa yeah , well , at least fish do not use you razor or pee on the seat ... betty hmmm . sound like you have have a pretty tough go of it with man ... rosa oh , I dunno ... but just once I wish I would run into a guy who notice the koi before my tit . Betty smile , a little embarrassed . rosa ( cont would ) .. come on , I will show you you room . 95 ext . TEXAS highway - the next day 95 the black lincoln town car be park on a lonely stretch of prairie highway . wesley sit in the passenger seat with the door open . the radio be on . Charlie be on he cell phone nearby . charlie ( into phone ) no , we do not know where she be ... I understand ... no , we will find she ... ( beat ) I understand . he hang up and look out at the horizon , where huge black storm Cloud be gather . then he walk slowly to the hood of the car , stare at the ground in front of he foot . wesley what would they say ? can we go back to Detroit ? Charlie rest he hand gently on the hood , as if consider buy the car . wesley 's music bang from the radio . 77 . charlie they say find it . find she , find it . finish the job you be pay to do . wesley half . charlie what ? wesley they pay we half . they still owe we half ... charlie ( disappointed ) there it be again . that lousy attitude that get we here in the first place . that " make a statement , " do a end zone dance , shake you ass and sue everybody in sight attitude that 's drag this whole country down the drain . ( beat ) they do not owe we shit , wesley ! when you finish the job , you get pay !! we haven't finished the goddamn job !! Charlie pound on the hood of the car , scare wesley . charlie ( cont would ) that woman could be in any one of four state . four big state where the deer and the antelope play , wesley ! we be not in rhode Island ! wesley I know that . charlie and turn that fucking music off ! wesley switch it off . Charlie turn he back to the car and address the angry cloud on the horizon . charlie ( cont would ) do I deserve this ? in the twilight of my career , do I deserve this ? I do not think so ! I have always try to do what 's right . I never take out anybody who do not have it come . I 'ma professional ! ( beat ) and where the fuck am i? i'm in purgatory ! 78. wesley worse ... you be in Texas . charlie well , I should be in florida now ! if Carl have not go in to get that stone remove , you would not be here and I would be on my way to the key . on my boat , relaxing with a glass of port !! re- it red ! the first raindrop begin to fall . charlie ( cont would ) I be very tired , wesley ! I have work hard , and the work should be over , but it's not ! this job be just beginning . ( he turn around ) get in the car ! wesley be in the car , but he 's too scared to tell Charlie , whose eye be blaze . Charlie silently walk around to the driver 's side and get in . he and wesley stare at each other over a photo of Betty , which be between they on the dash . Charlie start the engine and snatch up the picture . charlie ( cont would ) what be you think , girl ? what 's go on in that pretty little mind of yours ? huh ? you can tell I ... he paw at the picture , imploringly . he mutter to himself . wesley shake he head and stare out . 96 int . hospital - pharmacy - day 96 Betty sit in a office along with a clerk who tap away at a computer keyboard while she study a print list of name . betty I can not find loma vista Hospital ... clerk I never hear of loma vista Hospital . betty I do not believe this ! you be the second person here who 's tell I that . that 's like Ford say they never hear of GM ! clerk try another county ... 79 . he exit . 97 int . law firm - later 97 Rosa be on the phone at she desk in a law office . betty ( v.0 . ) hey , Rosa ... it 's Betty . how do you get to this town call ' tustin ? ' it 's in Orange County ... rosa tustin ? take the Hollywood freeway to the five ... betty ( v.0 . ) the five ? rosa just look for the really crowded road and follow that . betty ( v.0 . ) 98 99 okay ...oh , umm , would you mind if I borrow some clothes ? rosa huh ? sure , look in my closet , take any dress you want ! ( beat ) we be still on for tonight , right ? int . examining room - later 98 Betty stand in a sexy pink dress , try to decide if she should put on a hospital gown and wait , tensing each time she hear a voice from the hallway . finally , the doorknob begins to turn . a man 's hand and the bottom of a white sleeve appear . the door swing open and a silver -haire , bespectacle doctor in he mid -60 's enter . the nametag on he white coat read '' david ravell , m.d . " int . nightclub - night 99 tasteful jazz , plenty of red leather booth . Betty wind she way through a packed crowd , pass out small white card . Rosa spot she and go over to meet she . 80 . rosa you make it ! hey , that look great on you . ' S classy ... ( beat ) so , how would it go today ? you find he ? betty ummm ...no , no. different ' ravell . ' Rosa start to lead she to the bar . betty ( cont would ) you know , the more I think about it , this really be not David 's kind of place . rosa what be you talk about ? this bar be pack with professional people ! ( beat ) everybody say if you be go to get marry , this be the spot to meet someone ... luckily , I be currently off man , so I have get the luxury of not give a shit . later betty I know what you mean , I recently have some trouble with a man , a different man ... and David 's still get over Leslie . ( off Rosa 's look ) his wife . rosa he have a wife ?! betty have . she die in a car accident last year . she be decapitate . rosa God , that 's awful ! betty it may not have be a accident . they never do find she head ... rosa her ' head 's ?! you be make this up ... betty no , no ! well , see , she be have a affair with a Russian diplomat who I believe be mix up with the mafia ... 81 . rosa Jesus , I think my love life be crazy ... Rosa and Betty be sit in a booth , talk over drink . the place be a little quieter now . rosa ( cont would ) so , we will hit the library first and fan out from there . they have get all the L.A. phone book , plus medical directory ... ( beat ) we be not gonna let he hide from you any more , okay ? I be make this my personal mission . betty David be not hide from I , I leave he stand at the altar six year ago and now I be ... rosa fuck the detail , they be always to blame ... look , too many of this guy duck out on we , especially after they become doctor or lawyer . I see it at my company all day long ! so I be just gonna make sure you get you , you know , fairy tale end or whatever ... ( beat ) one of we should . betty Rosa , I can not believe you be do all this for I ... thank you . Rosa glance over to see Betty pass a business card to a waiter who check on they . when he be safely go , Rosa touch Betty on the sleeve . rosa hey , how ' bout a card for I ? what be that ? ( take one , read ) " please call if you have any information on David ravell . " this be my phone number ! how many of this have you give out ? betty how many man have I talk to ? 82 . rosa Jesus ! they be all gonna be call I ! betty you say in L.A. , anything go . rosa I be talk about what you could wear ! ext . desert highway - the next day 100 the town car 's park on a barren stretch of desert highway , white smoke billow from the hood . half a mile ahead Charlie and wesley be walk in the sweltering heat . they're in they shirtsleeve , drench in sweat as the sun beat down on they . charlie see , in a lesabre Betty 's probably get twenty - two , maybe twenty - five mile to the gallon , where we be topping out at fifteen . ( beat ) she 's probably all cool and fresh , and comfortable in that nice air-condition car right now . wesley wipe the sweat from he eye and trudge on in silence . Charlie take out a photo of Betty and speak to it . charlie ( cont would ) you do not look comfortable here . that 's " cause you do not like be the center of attention , do you ? Nah . you be like I . wesley what the hell 's the matter with you ? wesley grab the photo , tear it in half and toss it . then he start walk . Charlie be stunne for a moment , but recover quickly . he find the piece and stuff they in he pocket , then catch up to wesley . charlie that be a really shitty thing to do . wesley I be sick of look at she mother - fuck face . a beat ... they walk for a moment . 83 . charlie do not talk like that . she 's my last one , wesley , my final target . ( to photo ) do not you realize you special , that you represent something ? this be too much . wesley explode . wesley what ? what do she represent ?! what could some cornbread white bitch from Kansas who 's drag we sorry ass up and down the Louisiana purchase possibly mean to you ?!! I would just love to know ... charlie I dunno ... something . ( beat ) why be she do this to I ? why ?... wesley 101-102 102a I do not know , but when we find she she 's gonna die for it . move 101-102 int . roadside garage - late afternoon 102a the lincoln town car be raise up high on the hydraulic jack . wesley be at a pay phone out front . wesley can you describe she to I ? okay ... yeah , that sound like she ... thanks . he hang up and go into the garage , where he address the town car above he . wesley ( cont would ) they find she in Vegas . no answer . wesley ( cont would ) perfect match on the description . on charlie lying across the front seat taping the reassemble photo of Betty to the dash . Charlie 's beginning to come apart . his hair be uncomb and he clothes be wrinkle . his eye have a thousand - yard stare . 84 . wesley ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) sound like she 's with the buyer Del line up . Charlie pull himself up on the door and look down . charlie how would they describe she ? wesley you know , blonde , thin , whatever ... charlie not so fast ! slower ... ' blonde , thin ' , yes ... do they say she have style ? a kind of grace or anything ? wesley roll he eye , then go straight to the lever control the hydraulic jack . wesley ( to mechanic ) how do I get this fuck thing down ? mechanic I would not if I be you . he get pretty upset when I try it ... int . law office - a different day 103 mercede LOPEZ , early 40' , impeccably dress , enter she office load down with a bulg briefcase and a stack of file under she arm . ( the entire scene be in Spanish . ) mercede what do you think my father would do if I tell he I do not want to be a lawyer anymore ? rosa probably the same thing my mom would do if I get engage ... have a heart attack . mercede so how 's it go with you new roomie ? what 's she name ? rosa Betty . it 's o.k. except I be wear out . we spend all weekend look for she 85 . doctor-boy . how can a big time heart guy leave no trace of himself ? mercede so tell she to settle for the old one in Orange County . rosa she 's gonna have to ' cause I be out of idea . mercede maybe we be suing he for malpractice . what 's he name again ? rosa David ravell . mercede God , that sound so familiar . ravell , ravell ... where 's he out of ? rosa I be not sure now . she say he use to be over at loma vista . I never hear of it . mercede loma vista ? ( laugh ) you mean like the guy on " a reason to Love ? " int . rosa's apartment - later 104 Rosa enter , toss she purse on the table and go straight to the vcr . written in magic marker on a video be " a reason to Love , apr. 23 . " the tape Sue Ann give to Betty . she pop it in and turn it on . the open title start the character appear ... one be a impossibly handsome man over the title " doctor david ravell . " int . hospital pharmacy - later still 105 Betty work at a desk in the pharmacy . the same clerk as before busy himself at another counter . Rosa appear at the glass partition and rap urgently on it . rosa guess who I see today . betty who ? 86 . rosa Doctor David ravell . betty what ? where be he ?! rosa on television ! ! ( off Betty 's puzzle look ) cut the shit , will you ! a beat . Rosa slam the videotape down on the counter . rosa ( cont 'd ) either you be make a fool out of I because you get off on it , or you get serious problem . which one be it ?! betty I have no idea what you be talk about . rosa i'm talking about david ravell !! betty shhh ! I hear you the first time . rosa ( suddenly calm ) I spend my weekend look for someone who do - not - exist . I should have be here at the hospital with my brother , but I be with you . betty if you do not want to do it , you should have say so ! be this about gas money ? rosa it's not about gas money !! ( beat ) you have a thing for a actor on a stupid white soap opera , and we searched all over town for he character ! not the actor - whose name be George , by the way . his character ! Rosa stand over Betty , fume . betty be you have a nervous breakdown ? Rosa scream and smack she hand on the glass as Betty watch . several people in a nearby lounge look up . Rosa stare at they until they look away . 87 . betty ( cont would ) why would you help I in the first place ? rosa I help you because I be a idiot ! ask my mother , I love it when people take advantage of I ! I trusted yoou !! I thought he be real ! betty he be real !! Betty try to return to she work but Rosa confront she 106 106a loudly . the nearby visitors and staff pretend to be busy . rosa you need help , Betty ! even if this be you idea of a joke , you need serious help ! ! ( walk away - to herself ) necesitas un mdico ! pront simo ! on betty fume in she humiliation . after a moment , Rosa reappear at the window . rosa ( cont would ) I be not go back on we arrangement . my word be good , and my family owe you . but I think it 's best for both of we if you get you own place as soon as you can . betty Fine . omit ( now 102a ) 106 ext . sizemore motor - kansas - night 106a Roy and Joyce approach the door to the trailer / office . she take out she key , then stop . it 's be padlock and bar with yellow police tape , as be the whole lot . Roy pull hard on the lock , then start look around . joyce you be wastin ' you time , Roy . roy look Joyce , I need you key to the file , not advice , okay ? this be a complex case . 88. Roy work on open a side window . joyce nothin ' complex about it . Del 's dead , Betty 's go . she 's probably dead , too . roy you would like that would not you ? you have hate Betty since you be in pep squad together ... joyce no ... before that . roy ahh , I hate this town ! place like this just make you small ... ( beat ) I should have never come back here after college . joyce blah - blah - blah ... hurry up , will ya , I get a date tonight ... Roy force the glass open and start to squirm through the window as the color Joyce watch . joyce ( cont would ) I do not know what you think you will find , anyway . roy ( 0.s. ) name , a phone number , something ... ( beat ) listen , ballard tell I that the guy who bring the miss car down from Detroit be murder , but do you see he do anything about it ? if ballard be not such a stubborn ass , I would not have to be break in here ... drain from Joyce 's face . joyce what do you say ? roy ( 0.s. ) the driver be kill . I think there 's a connection -- joyce ( start to cry ) no , about ... be you talk about duane cooley ? 89 . roy ( 0.s . ) yeah . why , you know he ? joyce ( cry ) know he ? we be gonna get marry ! he be gonna leave he wife for I ! fuck !!... Joyce begin to sob at the side of the trailer as Roy shimmy through the window frame . suddenly , ballard be there , weapon cocked and place roughly into Roy 's private . Joyce back away . ballard I know you do not use they , but if you wanna keep ‘em you will back out of there slowly ... 106b int . squadcar - moving - night 106b Roy be in the rear of the car , handcuff to the screen divide the front seat from the back . ballard be drive . roy come on , elden , think about it . the driver , all they trunk stand open like that ... something 's go on here ! ballard I know that ... roy well , do something , then , damnit ! ballard you watch you mouth when you be in a goddamn county vehicle ... you do not think I see what 's go on ? Del , now this cooley fella , both of them mix up with Joyce ... ' S not no conspiracy , not some episode off the X - file ... 's just a crime of passion , plain and simple . Betty 's on some kind 'a pre-minstral rampage , that 's what be go on here . a moment of silence as they drive . roy oww ... do you have to make this thing so tight ? 90 . ballard no , I do not have to . he grin at Roy in the rearview mirror . 107 int . law firm - another day 107 mercede Lopez arrive at the office and stop at Rosa 's desk . ( the entire scene be in Spanish ) mercede hey ... be Betty still try to find that soap opera guy ? rosa oh , yeah ... man , I would love to find that actor just to see the look on she face , watch she bubble burst in mid-air . mercede hand she two ticket to a benefit . mercede here 's you needle ... he 's suppose to make a appearance here tonight . 108 int . betty' bedroom - later 108 Betty 's lie on she bed read " modern nurse " . the L.A. Times classified be open on the bed . Rosa look in . betty do not worry , I be look ... just take a tiny break . rosa this be crazy . I come home , you go to you room . you go in the kitchen , I go to my room . it 's stupid . Betty nod in agreement . rosa ( cont would ) so what do you say ? can we be friend ? betty . okay . Rosa smile and start look at the ticket in she hand . betty ( cont would ) what be that for ? 91 . rosa oh , it 's a charity dinner . the money go to a good cause , but I do not have anybody to go with ... betty umm ... Rosa exit for a moment , then reappear in the doorway . rosa ... you hungry at all ? int . lincoln town car - moving - late afternoon 109 the car be cover in dust and mud from the road . it 's worse inside : food wrapper , empty bottle , piece of clothing , filthy window . they have be live in it . wesley 's drive now . Charlie 's almost unrecognizable : a six day beard , uncomb greasy hair , bloodshot eye , rumple clothes and a exhaust , faraway look . the photo of Betty face he , tape to the glove box . he be read from the diary , which he clutches like the Bible . they roar along a desert highway , pass a sign that say " Grand Canyon , this exit. 74 mile . " Charlie look up , mark he place . charlie we should go . wesley we do not have time to look at a hole in the ground . we can make Vegas in four hour . this one 's get to be she . charlie it 's a very move experience , trust I . wesley no charlie one of the Seven Natural wonder of the World . wesley no ... be dark before we get there . you wanna see the Grand Canyon at night ? charlie what difference do it make ? she be not in Kansas City , or Houston , or Dallas . we 92 . go to every goddamn place Del mention and no Betty . so what the hell make you think she 's in Vegas ? you think she 's wait for we with tassle on she titty ? Vegas be too crass for Betty . wesley I say , ' no . ' n-o. Charlie turn to a passage and read aloud . charlie '' when I grow up I be go to become a nurse or a veterinarian . I always want to help people and value all life , be it animal , plant or mineral ... " ( to wesley ) do that sound like a goddamn showgirl to you ? wesley do you hear yourself right now ...? like a fuck madman ... wesley drive on stoically . the exit come and go . charlie every american should see the Grand Canyon . be you a american ? wesley yes , I be and we be not go . Act professional . Charlie stare at he , hate rise from just below the surface . he draw a nickel - plate pistol and point it at wesley 's head . wesley look at it and keep on drive . Charlie know this be not the way to handle it . he lower the pistol . charlie if you do not take the next turn for the canyon , I be blow my goddamn brain all over this car . he put the pistol in he mouth and cock it . wesley look over , not so sure this time . long shot of the black town car as the turn signal come on , and it ease onto a lonely dirt road . they headlight pick out a sign that say : " Grand Canyon Fire Trail . forestry personnel only . " 93 . 110 111 ext . beverly hilton - evening 110 Rosa and Betty approach the hotel entrance . ahead of they a black lincoln town car pull up . headlights glint on the chrome , hit Betty in the eye . she freeze , and Rosa bump into she . rosa sorry . Betty stare at the car , unable to remember what it should mean . then a man in a tuxedo get out . Betty move on . int . beverly hilton - lobby - evening 111 a sign on a easel read " save the Children . " Betty and Rosa present they ticket at the door to a ballroom . several time there be a stir near the entrance and a scatter of flashbulb . Rosa scan the crowd . betty look for someone ? rosa you never know who you will see . Rosa keep look . finally , GEORGE mccord - the actor who play david ravell - enter . he come in with lyla branch , late 40' , and two other men . several woman approach George , some starry - eye , for quick , polite greeting . he 's do he job of be a soap star . Rosa wait for a open , then put she hand on Betty 's shoulder and point she at George . rosa ( cont would ) look who 's here ! Betty 's jaw drop . she freeze . rosa ( cont would ) what be you wait for ? ' talk to he ! you come fifteen hundred mile for this . Rosa prod she , then Betty make she way unsteadily toward George . when she 's a few foot away he look up . he can not help but notice she - she 's beautiful . she 's also look right into he eye . the conversation stop as he do a double take in Betty 's direction . 94 . GEORGE do I know you from ...? his friend watch as George study she face . betty ..0 for course you do . ( hurt ) you do not remember I ? GEORGE I take it I should . I be sorry . betty we be engage . lyla oh good , another one ... George 's friend look at each other . a few head turn . GEORGE I beg you pardon ? betty but I be the one who 's sorry . letting you go be the biggest mistake of my life . ( to he friend ) we be thirteen day away from get marry and ... I just get scared . it 's a mistake I have have to live with for six year . but it 's behind I now ... ( to George ) and I hope you can put it behind you . I have miss you ... David . George sigh with relief . his friend smile . the tension evaporate . they can handle a fanatical fan . GEORGE that 's very kind of you . betty the day I leave you I just drive and drive . I drive all day and all that night , and I do not go anywhere . I just keep drive . I stop at a little country church , and the pastor let I in , and I sit -- lyla in the very first pew , where we would have sit on we wedding day . 95 . Betty look at she . so do George . lyla ( cont would ) I can not believe I remember that , although I suppose I should . I write it ... ( to Betty ) but that be seven year ago , and you be quote it verbatim . I be flatter ... I think . or frighten . what 's you name ? betty Betty sizemore . what do you mean you write it ? lyla I be lyla branch . I be the producer . they shake hand . across the room Rosa watch expectantly . lyla ( cont would ) alright , I admit it , you have I there . you be better than most of they , anyway ... do you have a headshot ? GEORGE no , wait ... what happen next , Betty ? lyla be you sure you want to encourage this ? ( beat ) no , you be right , let 's have some fun . so , what do happen next , " Betty " ? betty well , David move out here and start he residency . then he meet Leslie -- lyla no , no , no . we know all that . what happen with you ? betty I marry a car salesman . the friend laugh . Rosa watch , confuse . so be Betty . friend # 1 you be dumped for a car salesman , George ! betty why be you call he George ? 96 . friend # 2 yeah - David - tell we about this car salesman . George like the challenge . this party be not so boring after all . GEORGE oh , you mean Fred . betty no , Del . GEORGE right , Del . Del be one hot salesman . of car . he could talk anyone into anything . betty you know Del ?! GEORGE honey , I do not want to tell you at the time , but Del and I go way back . we go to school together . in fact , he save my life . two more minute in that icy water and I would have drown . but Del jump in and grab I . we fall out of touch eventually , but I still owe he one . betty he never tell I anything about ... that 's unbelievable ! lyla funny , that 's just what I be think ... GEORGE I can not tell you how much it hurt I to hear that you marry he . his friend snicker . Rosa stare . Betty be oblivious to everything but George . betty I be so sorry . life make we do awful thing sometimes . she 's ready to cry . which only inspire he all the more . GEORGE I try to tell myself it be for the best , that there be a reason behind it . but ... Del ? 97 . betty there be no plan ! I be just young and stupid and scared ! GEORGE you never give we a chance ... betty I know that . I can not tell you how many time I have say that to myself in that exact word . Betty wipe she tear away as they flow freely now . George do not like see she cry ; he try to say something but he friend interrupt . GEORGE hey , do not ... come on , I be just ... you be not really cry , be you ?... I be just play along ... friend # 1 now , look what you have do , George . betty why do they keep call you George ? GEORGE I do not know . why do you keep call I George ? lyla listen - David - it 's get late . George hesitates ; lyla see it . GEORGE ( to Betty ) right , uhh ... I feel terrible about this , we have a prior engagement at another party . ( beat ) but ... I would be honore if you would come . lyla yeah , bring you friend along . I be sure you get a lot of catch up to do ... Rosa watch , stunne , as Betty wave to she as she leave arm - in - arm with the man of she dream . 98 . ext . grand canyon - night 112 the town car be park near one of the view stop at the rim . Charlie stand in the darkness , but wesley stay in the car . charlie you do not know what you be miss , asshole . Charlie walk toward the canyon rim . suddenly , Betty appear in the headlight stand at the rail - she back to Charlie - with a bouquet of flower . on wesley just as he close he eye to rest , the car phone ring . wesley yeah ? sue ann ( v.0 . ) Mr. Campbell ? wesley huh ? sue ann ( v.0 . ) be this neighborly life insurance ? wesley ( recover ) oh , umm , yes , this be dwight Campbell . sue ann ( v.0o . ) it 's Sue Ann Rogers , Betty sizemore 's friend ? I hear from she . on charlie walk toward the rail . as he near she , they kiss . suddenly , repeated blast from the car horn . the image of Betty shudder , then blur , then fade away entirely . Charlie rub at he eye tiredly , then slowly trudge back toward the car . Charlie return and get into the car . silence . wesley stare at he . wesley you have a good time ? you make a little wish ? silence from Charlie . wesley ( cont would ) well , guess what ? I find Betty ... where she 's be , anyway . charlie where ? where be she ? wesley I be not tell . charlie what ? wesley I be not tell ' till you straighten up . you be act like fuck Jerry Lewis on I and this shit 's gotta stop or you can forget about you Betty ... I mean it . a slow transformation come over Charlie . charlie wesley , I be fine ... just tell I where she be . ext . beverly hilton - night 99 . 113 George , Betty , lyla and the two friend be wait outside the hotel for they car . friend # 2 I buy a car from Del , too . he sell I a lemon . lyla really ? I put a hundred and thirty thousand mile on mine . betty huh . I have no idea we little lot be so popular ... friend # 1 I never buy a car from Del . but I love he . in my own way . GEORGE I guess we all do . ( to Betty ) you know , I do not marry Leslie because I love she . I marry she to forget you ... 100 . betty oh , David ... I be sorry I cause you that much pain . a black jeep 4 x4 pull up and eric augustino , the actor who play lonnie , get out . betty ( cont would ) oh my God ! what 's lonnie do here ? GEORGE you be late , Eric . eric I know . why be you guy leave ? lyla we do we twenty minute . before Eric can take another step Betty slap he across the face . flashbulb go off as photographer capture the moment . betty you bastard ! how can you even show you face around here ? do you think we be not onto you ? eric who the hell be this ? GEORGE sorry . she think you be someone else . George hustle Betty to he car as photographer continue to shoot . betty I know exactly who you be ! 114 ext . canyon ranch bar - night 114 the lincoln town car rumble into the dusty parking lot and park . charlie this do not look like the kind of place Betty would go to . wesley maybe she have to use the bathroom . she 115 pee , do not she ?!... wesley tear the photo of Betty from the glove box . 101 . charlie be careful with that ! Charlie take it back and gingerly secure the tape . int . canyon ranch bar - night 115 merle be at the bar , drunk , the only customer on a slow night . ellen drop two coaster in front of Charlie and wesley as they sit down . ellen what can I get you ? wesley we be Federal marshal , mar 'am . ellen look dubiously at they unshaven face and rumple clothes . charlie we be look for this young lady . he slide the photo of Betty across the bar . ellen 's gaze drop to the picture for a second , and Charlie see what he be look for - a flicker of recognition . he allow himself a satisfied grin . wesley show ellen he badge as merle check out the photo . ellen I have not see she . merle sure you have ! that 's ellen shut up , merle . Charlie continue to grin at ellen wesley ma'am , if you have see this woman -- merle Betty ! that 's she name - Betty . Charlie take the photo and put it back in he pocket . ellen I never see that woman before , and neither have merle . he drink too much . and do not try to tell I you be cop . I 102 . be marry to a cop for nine year , and you be not cop . now get out of here . wesley step behind merle , take a handful of he hair and slam he head into the popcorn machine on the bar . merle stagger away , stunne . wesley remove the tin popcorn scoop from a nearby hook . ellen reach for something under the bar , but Charlie 's faster . he pin she arm with one hand . charlie you have not be very forthcoming with we . they watch wesley follow merle at a slow walk around the pool table , clobbering he over the head about every five step with the popcorn scoop . merle wobble with every shot , but will not go down . they begin a torturous second lap around the table , punctuate by the clang of the scoop against merle 's head . charlie what 's you name , dear ? ellen ellen . charlie that 's a nice name . after one more clanging shot merle stagger , then fall . wesley walk over to Charlie and ellen , draw he knife . wesley that 's a really nice name ... int . george' range rover - moving - later - night 116 George and Betty be alone . betty lyla 's very nice . GEORGE yes , she be . betty she tell I I be charming and relentless , and would go far in this town . and she say that unlike the other charming , relentless people she know , she like I . 103 . GEORGE she 's a good person to know . ( beat ) so where do you study again ? betty carleton School of nursing . two semester , but Del make I give it up ... GEORGE alright , okay ... I think you break the record for stay in character about three hour ago . betty you tell I that two hour ago . he pull up in front of Rosa 's apartment and park . betty ( cont would ) I have not be this happy since I be twelve year old . GEORGE what happen when you be twelve ? betty for mother 's Day , I use all my allowance that I would be save to take my mother to Kansas City . we get we nail do and have lunch at " Skies , " a restaurant at the top of a building from where you can see the whole city . it be the last outing we take together . she die the follow year . GEORGE wow ... you just give I goosebump , you know that ? you make it all sound so real . great improv ... betty I just want everything to be perfect between we . GEORGE I know . listen , we need to take a time out here . can we talk seriously for a minute ? betty of course . 104 . GEORGE at last ! I know how much you want this . you be gift and extremely determine , but ... it 's not up to I . betty I know . it 's up to we . Betty lean over and kiss George - so deeply that he 's too surprised to react . she pull away abruptly and get out . betty ( cont would ) I love you , David . and I want to see you tomorrow , and the next day , and the next day . still surprised , and now a little intrigue , he watch she go inside . 117 int . rosa's kitchen - night 117 Betty come in and pour a drink from the fridge . Rosa appear in a nightshirt behind she , frame in the doorway . rosa be you with he this whole time ? betty oh , God ! you scared I ! yes ... rosa you still in love ? Betty nod . rosa do he know you think he 's real ? betty he be real . rosa uh-huh ... so , what would you talk about ? betty 118 Rosa get Rosa go oh , my gosh , everything ! my trip out here , what we have both be do , you know ... rosa no , I be not sure I could begin to imagine ... so , where would you go ? 105 . betty to a party in the Hollywood Hills . rosa be it a huge place ? with a view of the whole world ? betty yes . I would never be in a place like that before . rosa I have , lot of time . my mother use to clean they . I use to piss in they pool . up and start for she bedroom . she stop . rosa ( cont would ) this be not fair , you know . do you always get what you want ? betty no , almost never . rosa but , you be in love with someone who do not exist . you come here , you meet this guy , who should laugh in you face , and instead you leave with he ! ( beat ) Betty , you be one -of -a-kind ... into she bedroom and close the door . Betty smile and nod , sip at she drink as she retire to she room . omit ( now 120a ) 118 int . police station - jail cell - the next day 119 from he cell Roy ostrey hear a door open , then the sound of approach footstep . it 's ballard . roy elden , let I out of here . now ! this be ridiculous , I need medical attention ! ballard that 's a nice name for what you need ... 106 . roy come on , I have to get this dress off ... it itches ! and what about my fish ? who be take care of they ? ballard do not say anything . he 's very grim , subdued . Roy have never see he like this . ballard just shut up a second and listen ... that , uh ... that bar in Arizona ? where you say Betty be ? roy what about it ? ballard any idea where it be ? roy Little place call " Williams , " why ? ballard I just get something off the wire . the woman who own it be murder last night . ( beat ) now , I be not say I agree with you or nothing , but ... what else do you know ? roy I know plenty . 120 ext . lyla' house - day 120 palatial , spartan . lyla be sit in the inner court of she Lloyd wright home with George at one knee . GEORGE she make I stretch ! I get inside my character last night like I have not do in six year on " reason " . it be a totally rejuvenating experience . lyla I know , George , I be there . I be not deny that she 's good . GEORGE she 's even take a job as a nurse ! ( beat ) David ravell 's get boring , lyla . 107 . lyla we know that ... GEORGE can I have a evil twin ? lyla no , George , we have already do that with lonnie . the blind one last year , remember ? GEORGE oh , of course . who can forget the Emmy ? ( beat ) then let I bring Betty to the set and see what happen . lyla I do not know , George ... GEORGE I will tell the cast ahead of time . what do you say ? lyla I will think about it . GEORGE it will be like live television ! let 's live on the edge a little . you and I can break the mold here ! lyla I say I will think about it . GEORGE Fine , but promise I one thing . if we use she , I want to direct that episode . she 's my discovery . lyla actually , she be my discovery ... just like you . GEORGE 120a 121 122 hmm ? lyla " would you like ground pepper on that salad , Ms. branch ? " remember ? GEORGE yeah . 108 . ext . L.A. freeway - night 120a the black lincoln town car hurdle along the 10 freeway , a revitalize Charlie back at the wheel . surrounded by traffic , the light of the city in the distance , the two man push on toward they new destination . ext . hollywood motel - the next day 121 the black lincoln town car - now wash and gleam - be park in front of a modest motel . int . hollywood motel / bathroom - day 122 Charlie look like a new man - shower , clear -ey and energize - he 's at the sink shave as wesley watch from he seat on the edge of the bathtub . charlie so you believe the bartender . why ? wesley well ... I think I see she soul . charlie that 's good . you be learn . but let I tell you why I know she be lie . ( beat ) first off , Betty would never fall for a soap star . it 's beneath she . wesley I dunno , that lady sound pretty sure ... charlie no , no , Betty come here strictly for business , ' cause it 's the biggest market for what she 's sell . I should have know it all along . I be kick myself as I shave here . so , first thing we ... wesley wait , wait , wait a minute ... that do not make sense . charlie what do not ? wesley you gimme this bullshit psychic Friends theory , you believe that dumbshit trucker , you believe this woman ... 109 . charlie I never say that I believe ... wesley no , you believe she , we drive all the way to L.A. so that mean you trust she that much ... so why 's the rest of she story suddenly so kooky ? huh ? charlie ' Cause I just do not buy it . call it instinct . call it 35 year of professional know -how ... wesley I call it ' nutty ' as my shit after I eat almond roca ... charlie you need to remember who you be talk to ... wesley I need to get my goddamn head examine . ( beat ) you can not rule something out on a whim . or because she 's cute . I have be follow you whim all across the U.S. of A. and now I be tired ! I ! charlie wesley ... wesley " it 's beneath she ... " she 's a mother fuck housewife . she ! nothing 's beneath wesley stand up for emphasis , point a finger in Charlie 's personal space . Charlie react at this , throw he razor 123 into the sink and turn on wesley . charlie Boy , you need to get outta my face ... now ! you get a feel , then you do what you gotta do , but do not you ever try to tell I my job . not ever . it 's a standoff . wesley blink first . he stalk off and out of sight . in a moment , he return . wesley fine. just fine ... I will go check some shit on my own then . and do not call I " boy ...! 110 . he turn and slam into the door frame . he glare at Charlie , then exit . when the front door bang shut allow himself to go back to he shave . ext . studio building - day 123 map in hand , wesley stand near a guard and discreetly ask question . wesley what kinda car 's jasmine drive ? guard ahh , mercede , I think . Black . wesley yeah ? the sport utility ? guard uh-huh . wesley damn , that 's sweet ... ( beat ) she really that good-look in person ? guard better . wesley oh fuck ... wesley look around covertly , then produce a fifty . wesley ( cont would ) hey , can you sneak I on the lot ? 124 125 guard sure . wesley smile and wander off , head toward a series of studio building in the distance . the guard watch he go . guard ( cont would ) ... it 's Sunday , I can sneak anybody on the lot . int . hollywood motel room - day 124 Charlie toy with match from the Canyon ranch bar . work off a list of name and phone number from he Zaurus , he make call from he room . 111 . charlie Betty sizemore , she 's get ten kilo ... blonde hair , a great figure ... sort of a whole doris Day thing go on . that 's what I say -- doris Day . you could see she work at the U.N. , or something . " the U.N. ' '' United Nations . " forget it ... ( beat ) nobody like that ? you be sure ? yeah , Detroit by way of Kansas ... alright , let I know if you hear anything , okay ? he hang up . delete another one off the list and look out the window . check the now well - wear photo of Betty . he 's start to doubt himself . int . rosa's apartment / bathroom - evening 125 Rosa stand in the doorway as Betty , wear one of Rosa 's hotter outfit , put on she makeup . betty be you sure I can borrow this ? rosa no , please . go ahead , it 's you funeral ... betty Rosa ... rosa 126 well , what if this guy 's just play with you ? what if he 's lie about who he be ? betty you should have a little faith in people . rosa do he ever talk about medicine ? his patient , the hospital ? betty all the time . it 's always " loma vista " this , " loma vista " that . the doorbell ring . Rosa go to the front door and look through the peephole , then open the door . George mccord , flower in hand , give he best lead man smile . 112 . GEORGE you must be Rosa . I have hear so much about you ... I be George mccord . rosa not as much as I have hear about you . she 's a very nice girl and you better not hurt she . GEORGE what ? Betty appear . betty Rosa , so you have meet David ? rosa sure do ! and a funny thing , Betty , he introduce himself to I as George ! betty oh , he do that . ( hugging he ) it 's this silly game he play . half the people who know he call he George . ext . rosa's apartment - night 126 GEORGE I do not think you friend like I . betty she 's a little jealous , I think . and confuse when it come to man ... ( beat ) so where be we go ? GEORGE well , first I think patina , and then the ivy , but then I think of somewhere a little more romantic . like my place . 127 int . george' house - night 127 modern glass and steel structure in the hill . austere . Betty and George sit on the sofa with the light low and soft music play . GEORGE God , I have not feel like this since I be with stella adler in New York . you be so ... real . 113. he lean forward slowly to kiss she , but Betty pull back . betty you never mention a ' stella ' to I . GEORGE do not I ? betty no , I would have remember that name . the only stella I ever know be a parrot . ( beat ) be this before Leslie ? before we ?... George take she face in he hand and look at she . GEORGE I have never meet anyone like you , Betty . betty I know , that 's why we be mean to be together ... GEORGE no , I mean you dedication scare I ... betty it 's easy to be dedicated , when you care about something ... GEORGE 128 yeah , I feel that way , too , when I first start , but now ... the hour , the repetition ... it 's not all glamour and mall opening anymore . maybe I should have listen to my people and try to make the crossover to night earlier , I do not know ... ( beat ) ... I just hope it 's not too late for I . God ! listen to I , " I , I , I . " it 's so easy to get catch up in the whole ego cycle of this business and make it all about yourself . stop , right ? that 's it , no more about I tonight , I promise ... let 's talk about you ... what do you think about I ? I be kid ... seriously , Betty , I be do all the talk here ... betty ... but I love listen to you , so that 's okay ... 114 , GEORGE thanks . but I would like to hear what you be feel ... betty well , I just feel that life will be much sweeter for you now with I around . I promise ... GEORGE you know , I almost believe that ... you be like a warm breeze that 's suddenly blow into my life ... ( laugh ) I say that to Leslie , once , at she funeral , remember ?... betty I remember . you say it to she , but it be mean for I , be not it ? GEORGE yes ... maybe it be . she kiss he deeply , then allow herself to fall back on the sofa , pull George down on top of she and kissing he passionately . int . hollywood motel - the next day 128 wesley hand Charlie a newspaper fold open to the entertainment section , where there be a picture of Betty slapping the actor Eric augustino . George be in b.g . wesley ..so I be stand there , mind my own business on Hollywood Blvd. , check out gladys knight 's star-thing there , I look up at this little souvenir shop dude , chinese dude , read a paper ... and who do I see ? ( hold up paper ) that 's lonnie . he 's the show 's Main prick . and that be definitely Betty . now , that be not no coincidence ... ( beat ) I find out where they shoot it , and where the dress room be . Charlie study the photo , troubled by something . charlie who 's this ? 115 . wesley a doctor on the show ... why ? Charlie think about it , then reach into he pocket and take out the photo of Betty with the cardboard David . as he compare the photo , wesley peek over he shoulder . wesley ( cont would ) what in the ... ( simmer ) what the hell be this ? you have be hold out on I . all this fuck time ! charlie it just do not fit she profile ... wesley fuck the profile ! that 's the same guy !! charlie she can not be here because of a ... a soap opera . not a soap opera . that would make she ... wesley crazy ! no shit , shaft !! and you be not far behind ... charlie 129 130 but she 's , no , Betty 's smarter than that . she would not be here for a ... wesley I do not know how the fuck you last a hour in this job ! dragging we ass around with the answer to we prayer in you motherfuck jacket ... a picture of that cunt right next to the . Charlie cut wesley short by grab he shirt and pull he close . charlie do not do not you talk about Betty like that . I do not care who she end up be , you never use that word again . get it ? wesley man , you have get to get some therapy . charlie I say ' get it ?! 116 . wesley yeah , I get it . ( struggle ) come on , you be stretch out my vest ... charlie you make you point ... ( drop he ) I be wrong . he carefully fold the paper , pocket the photo and straighten he clothing . he strap on he holster and check he weapon for emphasis . charlie ( cont would ) now , get yourself ready . int . motel bathroom - day 129 wesley gather he gear through the open door . Charlie stand look at himself in the mirror . touches at the gray in he hair . as a afterthought , he toss on a splash of cologne . omit 130 131 int . soundstage - day 131 George lead Betty past several stand set and into the ' operate room ' as crew member buzz around . Betty walk with she eye close and hold George 's hand . GEORGE just a little further ... come on ... George stop and put both hand over Betty 's eye . he look about expectantly and then uncover they with a flourish . GEORGE ( cont would ) surprise ! Betty stare , slowly try to take in she new surroundings . it look like loma vista , but something be different . odd . cameras , light , etc . - all the apparatus of a tv show - be in plain sight ... and very disorient . betty oh my gosh ... I do not know I be go to meet you friend today ... I dress a little casual . 117 . he lead she to a tape mark on the floor as cast member appear , include jasmine and blake daniel . GEORGE that 's cute ... listen , you get the part , and I be direct . you have only get four line today , so I think I would just spring it on you . no block or anything , just stand near the nurse 's station ... we be gonna do a quick walk - through . alright ? he kiss she cheek and walk off toward the wait lyla before she can respond . voice ( 0.s. ) quiet on the set ! GEORGE traffic be terrible ... lyla no , that 's fine , we have only get seventy page to shoot ... take you time . a stage manager hand Betty a set of side and a on-set costumer try to fit she . betty Excuse I . what be you do ? stage manager we will get you into hair and make - up after this , just put this on ... the other actor take they position . lyla watch from behind the camera as David ready himself . Chloe enter the set with kleenex tuck into the neck of she costume . chloe ( to Betty ) hi. I hear you be great . good luck ... betty what be you do here ? David ... GEORGE you line will be in the script , but you can ad lib . betty ad lib ? 118 . GEORGE in fact , I want you to ad lib , that 's the magic I be after . I wanna give a whole new feel to the show . she 's slide toward a complete meltdown . voice Slate it ! George step back behind the camera . Betty 's still freeze to she spot , overwhelm . GEORGE just do what you have be do . watch the scene and on you cue take off from there . voice 5-4-3-2 ... Chloe and blake run through they line lifelessly , then stop when they get to Betty 's cue . they face loom around she menacingly . stare . the light be impossibly bright . people begin to shuffle and stare at one another . lyla clear she throat as George bound on stage , still smile . GEORGE Betty ? chloe be you all right ? blake ( to Chloe ) I think you step on my first line ... chloe I be talk to she . ( to Betty ) do you need anything ...? she 's freezing up . George approach she . GEORGE Betty , I think this would be the best way . you know , throw you into it ... lyla what the hell 's go on ? GEORGE if you need a minute , that 's okay . but I think you would want to -- 119 . betty David , I do not ... can we talk privately for a second ? GEORGE stop call I David . we be on set , for Christ 's sake , you do not have to call I David here . as he pull away Betty grab he arm . betty why be you do this to I ? GEORGE why be I do this to you ? be not this what you want ? lyla approach . lyla be there a problem , George ? GEORGE no ! no problem , there be no ... ( to Betty , sotto ) what be the problem ? just do that ... thing ... you do ! come on ! you drive I nut with this for three day , now do it ! George step back behind the camera as if nothing 's wrong . Betty still have not move . she 's shaking with fear . and crew member find it hard to look at she . lyla all right , everybody ! that 's ten minute ! GEORGE no ! let I try this ! jasmine ( storming off ) this be bullshit ! lyla forget it , George . it be a gamble , do not work . Nice try . GEORGE let I try this , goddamnit ! she' be do it all week , she can do it now ! lyla I say forget it ! George throw down he script and rush up to Betty , reach out to he . he brushes she hand away . GEORGE well , I do not know what you have in mind , but I hope you be happy . I put myself on the line for you , my reputation , and you be make I look like a idiot . betty what do you mean ? what do I do to you ... GEORGE who put you up to this ? do my ex - wife ask you to ...? betty David , please -- GEORGE stop calling I that ! my name be not david , and if you really don't know the difference , you 're more fucked up than I thought you be ! the cast 120 . who Betty begin to cry . stagehand leave she alone , George ! GEORGE shut the fuck up !! you be a fuck grip , go grip something !!! ( to Betty ) and you be not a actress , you be nothing but a soap opera groupie , be not you ? you have nothing better to do ! do you ?? well , why do not you get a fuck life , and stop ruin mine ! Betty stand dead still as George continue to berate she . all SOUND slowly start to drop out , then come back abruptly with a rush . suddenly a light snap on for she and she stare at he . betty I be sorry ...0h my gosh , be you George mccord ?! GEORGE ... what ? what do you call I ? 121. betty George ... mccord . you be my favorite actor on ... lyla she call you ' George , ' George . betty ... do I win some contest ? GEORGE but I be David ... I mean , I be not David , but she think I be ! you hear she ... ( look around the group ) stop stare at I ... I be not crazy , she be ! betty why be you scream at I ? I mean , what be I ... why be I here ? I do not ... GEORGE you be do this now ? after all the .. be you sick ? be you go to kill I now ? 132 133 betty no , I ... I will leave . forgive I if I cause you all any trouble ... I just , I do not know how I ... ( to George ) I be sorry . George watch Betty walk off the set . the cast and crew try to pretend this scene do not happen , except for lyla , who burn a hole into George 's back . they eye meet . GEORGE what ?! omit 132 int . tv studio / reception area - day 133 George mccord , wear sunglass and still angry , stride into the lobby . Charlie and wesley stand quickly and take out they badge as he approach . GEORGE what can I do for you , gentleman ? 122. charlie how do you do , Mr. mccord . we be try to locate a derange fan of yours , ... a Ms. Betty ... GEORGE derange . that would be the right word . wesley take out the photo of Betty . GEORGE ( cont would ) that will not be necessary . she 's stay with a Rosa something ... hernandez , herrera . I know it 's a ' h ' sound ... in silverlake . charlie thanks so much . you must get bother by this kind of thing a lot . GEORGE more than you know . be there anything else ? charlie no , that should be more than -- GEORGE good . George turn to leave . wesley actually , there be one more thing . George stop . wesley be suddenly shy , hesitant . wesley ( cont would ) it 's just ... well ... I watch the show too , and you be Dr. ravell and all , I think you could maybe get jasmine to come out here . GEORGE you think wrong . George pull away . wesley grab he sleeve . wesley it 's just for a autograph . it 's not for I ... GEORGE it never be . 123 . George wrench free of wesley 's grip and take off . wesley be furious . he catch George in two stride , spin he around and slap he across the face . George 's glass go skitter across the floor . people stare . wesley you need to learn some manners , friend ... reach out to you goddamn fan base a little more . Charlie pull wesley away . George be freeze to the spot , humiliate , a pink handprint emerge on he cheek . wesley ( cont would ) and I see you movie- of - the-week . it suck dick ! 134 ext . hollywood blvd . - day 134 Betty walk aimlessly along a busy street . she move without direction , in a daze until a glint of bright light hit she , cause she to turn . she be stare at a black lincoln sit in a car lot , sunlight dance off its chrome . she shudder involuntarily at it . suddenly , she hear a familiar voice . del ( 0.s . ) what the hell be you do here ? it 's Del . he 's in a pastel version of he usual shirt , slack , and tie . del ( cont would ) well , be you gonna answer I ? what would you come here for ? betty I come for love ... del you be not on that soap opera thing again , be you ? ' Cause you know what that be ? betty it 's people with no life watch other people 's fake life . del that 's right . so , if you know it , why be you in trouble ? 124 . betty I do not know . del you sure do not . who do you think you be come to Hollywood , anyway ? you should remember where you come from . and who you really be . Del look up at the sun for a moment , shading he eye from it . del ( cont would ) I gotta run . get some serious client to meet , with real potential . ( beat ) goddamn , it 's hot ! he wipe the sweat from he brow . Betty look at he handkerchief and see that it 's soak in blood . then back at he face , now obscure by blood pour down from he head . she stare , horrify , and in that moment Del become ... a 135 man , stare back at she as he wipe the sweat from he brow . man who be you talk to ? be you crazy ? Betty back away and melt into the flow of pedestrian . int . rosa's apartment - later 135 Rosa come home from work and toss she purse and jacket on the chair . no Betty in she room . rosa bet-ty !? do the pizza guy show up yet ? she emerge from Rosa 's bedroom with toiletry and move to a open suitcase in she room . she barely acknowledge Rosa . rosa ( cont would ) be you all right ? ( no answer ) what happen ? ( beat ) he dumped you , do not he ? I know it when I met he !! he 's a loser , like the rest of they . mother-fucker ! Rosa now notice Betty pack . 125 . rosa ( cont would ) what be you do ? betty I be go back to ... I need to ... I do not know . Rosa try to stop Betty for a moment to talk . Betty grab a pile of Rosa 's clothes and head for she room . betty ( cont would ) this be you sweater , right ? rosa where be you go ? betty I have to leave now . she try to put Betty 's suitcase away . rosa what ? no , I be not gonna let you just run out of here ... you need to talk about what 's go on ... betty you think I be crazy , Rosa , but you do not know the half of it . my husband be , ahh ... rosa you husband ?! betty yes , I have a husband and he be kill two week ago in my kitchen . I be right there ... Rosa stop . rosa Jesus !... what be you say ? they stare at each other for a beat . rosa ( cont would ) what ?! that you have something to do with it ? betty I do not know . I be just start to remember it now . I do not ... 126 . rosa yeah , but you run away be not go to help you with all this ... betty there be blood everywhere , Rosa . I see it , I think I watch the whole thing happen ... oh my God ... rosa okay , okay , look , ummm ... let 's just talk a little first and you will feel better , I promise . the doorbell ring . rosa ( cont would ) that 's we pizza ... you can not go yet . 136 ext . rosa's apartment - day 136 137 Charlie watch Betty undress from a nearby fire escape . he stare at the object of he desperate search with relief and some fascination . Betty 's movement be unhurry , mindless . Charlie stare , mesmerize , until she step into the shower . ext . rosa's apartment - STREET - same time 137 wesley gently nudge open the trunk to Betty 's lesabre . the cardboard cut - out of David ravell pop out at he . wesley whoa ! what the fuck're you do here ? he break it over he knee and throw it in the gutter , then quickly remove the wing nut hold the spare tire . he remove the tire , then raise the panel on the floor of the trunk as Charlie join he . wesley ( cont would ) it 's all here . it have not be touch . the bottom of the trunk be line with brown paper - wrap brick of cocaine . Charlie stare at it , shaking he head . wesley ( cont would ) you be right . Del be not lie . charlie well , you be right about what that bartender say . 127 . wesley look at he . he appreciate the compliment . wesley but you be right first . you gotta follow you instinct . Charlie take a long look at wesley and smile proudly . charlie what do you instinct tell you to do now , kid ? wesley leave . take this shit back to Detroit and get the rest of we money . charlie we could do that . I could be on my way to Florida , and you could go to Thailand 138 and fuck you brain out . wesley ... but that 's not what we be gonna do , be it ? charlie no ... if we do not finish this job , how be we gonna look at ourselves in the mirror ? this be it for I , wesley , she 's the last one . my instinct say I gotta see this through with she , and if there 's one thing I have try to teach you here -- wesley it 's to follow my instinct . and my instinct say get the fuck out of dodge . charlie no , I say to follow ' my ' instinct . now , we go up there and conclude we business . case close . Charlie walk off . wesley close the trunk up and prepare to follow he . wesley oh , that 's fuck democratic . int . rosa's apartment / hallway - moment later 138 at the sound of the buzzer Rosa go to the door . she look through the peephole and see Charlie hold up a badge . 128. charlie I be detective jefferson -- rosa oh ... do Betty call you ? Charlie nod . Rosa open the door , and he enter with wesley . rosa she 's get problem , but she 's no killer . I hope you guy can straighten this out ... Charlie and wesley exchange a puzzle look . charlie we will do what we can . where be she ? rosa bet-ty ! ( to the man ) please , go easy on she . she 's have a really rough day . Betty appear . she recognize the man instantly and freeze . Charlie 's eye wander over she ... slowly . wesley notice . rosa ( cont would ) this guy be here to help you , Betty . betty I do not think so . ( beat ) Rosa , I do not kill Del ... they do . wesley produce a pistol , sit Rosa forcibly on the sofa and tape she mouth and hand . Charlie walk over to Betty . charlie we meet again . he move closer to she ... almost whisper . wesley step in and quickly tape she hand . Charlie stop he . charlie ( cont would ) not she mouth ... ( to Betty ) I have spend many long hour in a car with you face stare back at I . I have see it paint on the horizon . wesley ( to Charlie ) what 's wrong with you ? 129 . a knock at the door ruin Charlie 's moment . rosa that 's we pizza . wesley hustle Rosa out of the room . charlie get rid of they . you understand ? Betty nod , scared , and look through the peephole . she stare with disbelief at roy ostrey . he knock again . she open the door a crack . roy Betty ! Boy , be I glad to see you ! betty Roy ! what be you do here ? roy you be in serious danger ! betty ahh , look , right now 's not very ... roy I woulda ' be here sooner , but ballard put I in jail . he still think you have Del scalp . ballard I never say that ! open the door , Betty . ballard shove Roy aside ; Charlie 's get edgy betty sheriff , I do not ... ballard c'mon , Betty , open up ! I get some question for you about ... roy have you check the trunk of that car you be drive , Betty ? I think there might be ... betty it 's not really a good time , guy ... ballard do not give I that . I have come two thousand mile for this ! 130 . Charlie have be listen quietly on the other side of the door and finally snap . charlie two thousand mile ? that 's nothing ! he fling the door open , stick a pistol in ballard 's face and yank they both inside . charlie ( cont would ) hah ! you probably fly ! I have cross the river styx look for she , pal ! I travel the fuck country to be here ! Charlie slam the door and frisk they , take a gun and handcuffs from ballard . wesley return with Rosa . charlie ( cont would ) ( to Betty ) who be this idiot ? betty this be Roy ostrey , he 's a reporter . and this be sheriff ballard . we all go to Fair oak High together ... charlie oh , this be wonderful ... wesley take over . he sit Rosa down on the sofa , then push Betty down next to she and beckon to Roy . wesley come here . he break Roy 's nose with he pistol . Roy crumple to the floor , hold he face . Betty start to scream , but Charlie put he hand over she mouth . wesley tape Roy 's hand together , then beckon to ballard . wesley ( cont would ) you turn . ballard drop to he knee in a prayer - like position near the aquarium . ballard I get two kid and a dog ... wesley grab he shirtfront and slam he to the floor , then with a foot on he neck , he loop ballard 's arm around one leg of the steel aquarium stand and handcuffs he . 131 . Charlie do nothing but stare at Betty , he eye lock with hers . wesley see it . wesley Act professional , remember ? Charlie pull she to she foot . wesley ( cont would ) what be you do ? Charlie lead Betty out of the room . wesley ( cont would ) no way ! this be not professional ! 139 int . bedroom - same time 139 silence . then Charlie take out a knife and cut the tape from Betty 's wrist , touch she hair . gently . he leave she stand in the corner while he sit on the edge of the bed . she do . betty I s'pose you do that so I could take my sweater off or something . charlie no , just stand there ... lemme look at you a minute . Charlie stare intently at she . charlie ( cont would ) do you know who I be ? betty I ... I know what you be . charlie do you know why I be here ? betty I have get a pretty good idea . you be here to kill I , so kill I . you want I to be afraid , but I be not . I do not care who you be , or why you two kill my husband ... Charlie study she , then set he gun down on the bed . charlie you really ... do not have anything to do with what Del be do , do you ? 132 . betty I have no idea what he be mix up in ... it be always something . charlie so you be not involved with he in he pathetic attempt to diversify ? ( off she blank look ) be you mix up in the drug , Betty ? betty drug ? God , no ! I be totally against drug . charlie damn , life be strange . I have you figure for this cold - blooded , calculate bitch -- not that I do not admire you for it . Charlie slowly fold he knife and pocket it . betty well , if you be not go to slit my throat , why would you come up here ? charlie to see you . 140 int . rosa's apartment - live room - same time 140 wesley stand over ballard , about to tape he mouth . Rosa and Roy be sit in chair opposite they , they mouth and wrist already tape . ballard you kill that bartender in Arizona and the trucker in Texas , do not you ? wesley how do you find Betty ? ballard I just put it all together . I know David , lonnie and Chloe be from that show . Roy start freaking out , try to talk through the tape . ballard ( cont would ) Betty think they be real people . it sound crazy , but it be worth a shot . Roy be apoplectic ... 133. wesley what do you want ?! wesley tear he tape off . roy that 's a lie ! I figure it out ! I have be try to tell this dumbass -- ballard fuck you , Roy ostrey ! roy -- small -time , pissant , barney fife -- wesley shut up ! shut the fuck up , both of you , before I kill you ! roy I be the one who watch the show ... I be ... wesley do Chloe crack ? roy totally . she come apart like a house of card . they drop the charge ... wesley goddamn ... how ' bout jasmine ? roy she 's a lesbian . wesley immediately pull he gun and point it at Roy 's head . wesley you lie , motherfucker ... roy I swear to God ! Rosa stamp she foot , draw wesley 's attention . she try to talk through the duct tape ; gesture for he to come to she . wesley what ?! you scream , you die . he yank the tape off . Rosa wince . rosa I have a tape of today 's show . 134 . 141 int . rosa's apartment - bedroom - same time 141 Betty be sit on the bed . Charlie lean against the wall , face she . he have trouble start this . charlie I never meet people like you . I 'ma garbageman of the human conditon . I deal with trash , mostly , people willing to trade any part of themselves for a few more minute of they rotten life . but you ... you be different . betty I be ? charlie sure . you could probably have any thing you want ... somebody as beautiful and stylish as yourself , and you do not even realize it . Betty look curiously over at Charlie . charlie ( cont would ) I be appreciably older than you , but my health be good . I take care of myself , and I get some money sock away . you would never have to work agin , that 's for sure . I would treat you like a queen . betty umm , I do not think that ... charlie wait . let I get this out . ( clear he throat ) I like the symphony , walk in the rain , sunset , animal and child . I read passionately , and I like to discuss thing . I be basically conservative , but flexible . I have be involved in the death of thirty - two people , but I can live with that because the world be lighter by thirty - two piece of shit , excuse my language . betty " thirty -two ? " charlie well , thirty - three , but I be not count Del , on account of you ... so , what do you think ? 135 . ( beat ) you probably feel I be flatter myself to see we together . betty I do not feel that , no . I just .... I be not really who you think I be . charlie no one be , honey . here , listen to this ... " i£ who I be and who I hope to be should meet one day , I know they will be friend . " now that 's beautiful . Betty be stunne . betty I write that when I be twelve ... where would you get that ?! charlie ( he pull out the diary ) I know . I borrow it from you grandparent because I ... I ... it do not matter . do not worry , they be fine ... ( he give the diary back ) look , I use to feel that same way , say practically that same word , sit at night in a foxhole in Korea ... ( beat ) I have chase you across the country , Betty , and I come to find out we be a lot more alike than you would think . betty I think you be a garbageman of humanity , or something . charlie yes , but I would sort of like to put that behind I now ... int . rosa's apartment - live room - same time 142 wesley be engross in watch " a reason to Love . " behind he , ballard quietly walk he foot up the wall until he 's completely upside down . he rub one foot against the other until one pantleg be above he cowboy boot . Rosa and Roy watch . he finally lift the boot off . it fall soundlessly onto he chest . a small pistol be reveal , holster above he ankle . he work the holster open use the edge of the fishtank . 136 . Roy and Rosa cough loudly at the same time to cover the noise . wesley glare at they . ballard get the pistol free . but it fall into the fishtank . the air go out of Roy 's sail . ballard have fuck up again . on screen , Chloe and jasmine kiss and embrace . wesley react as if he be slap . wesley goddamn ! wesley immediately run the sequence back to view it again . ballard kick the wall of the fishtank with he cowboy boot . Roy and Rosa cover the sound again with coughing . wesley pause the t.v. and look around . wesley ( cont would ) what 's you problem ? ballard kick at the tank again . but he can not break the glass . Roy can not take it any more . he launch himself at the tank , grab it by the rim and pull it down on top of himself . a torrent of water , fish , plant and gravel pour down upon he . wesley ( cont would ) you stupid piece of fuck ! he leap at Roy and start kick he savagely . Rosa throw herself onto wesley 's back , knock he to the floor . ballard paw through the muck , scatter fish and gravel everywhere . he spot a glint of metal in the sand . wesley struggle out from under Rosa . just as he get free , ballard fire , hit he twice into he chest . wesley stare in disbelief at the blood rush out of he . then at ballard , as if try to link the two . he slump to the floor and open he mouth to scream wesley ( cont would ) d-a-a-a-d-d-d-y-y -!!!! Charlie open the bedroom door . charlie wesley ??! Charlie see wesley turn to he as ballard fire again . wesley 's face explode . the fly lead drive Charlie back to the bedroom . crawl through the muck , Roy notice a fish flopping helplessly on the carpet inch from he face . 137 . roy that be japanese koi! rosa 143-144 yes ! how would you know that ? roy you gotta get them in water right away ! ballard we be in a shootout , Roy ! shut up about the damn fish ! roy you shut up ! ( to Rosa ) they be beautiful , but get they some water . he gently hand she the fish , then pick up wesley 's nearby gun . Rosa nod ; she 's amaze that he know what it be . she look at Roy in a slightly different way before crawl away toward the kitchen . omit ( now in 141 , 142 ) 143-144 int . rosa's apartment - bedroom - same time 145 Charlie fire back from the doorway . charlie oh , Christ , they shot my boy ! enrage , he empty he pistol at the live room . ballard and Roy return fire , and Charlie duck back in . charlie ( cont would ) ( reloading ) how the hell do this happen ? I be in a goddamn shoot-out ! wesley ? what the fuck happen out there ?! he open the door , and a bullet slam into the doorjamb near he head . he duck back in . Charlie sag against the wall , look toward Betty . charlie ( cont would ) that 's my son ! my son be dead ! betty I be sorry . 138. charlie you be sorry ? you 're the reason we're here ! betty wait a second ! I am not the reason you're here ! I be minding my own business , live a perfectly boring life until you come along ! Charlie fight back he grief . betty ( cont would ) what do you want from I ? Charlie can not handle the moment . he break for the door , and blast away . this time he 's nick in the shoulder . he stumble back , lose he balance . his gun fall and slide right into Betty 's hand . equally surprised they stare at one another . Charlie slump over in he defeat as Betty hold a shaky pistol on he . charlie oh shit ... int . rosa's apartment - live room - same time 146 Rosa crawl to a flower vase and dump a second koi into the water inside . Roy and ballard crouch behind the open archway , use the hang bead as protection . ballard ( check he gun ) we need ammo ... go check he jacket , I will cover you . roy I be not go out there ! let 's wait for the real police ... ballard you gotta go , we be pin down ! rosa so why can not we just sneak outside ? huh ? ballard Lady , you do not just run away from crime ... besides , Betty 's in there . 139 . roy 146a 147 ( check ) you wanna see if he have more shell , go ahead . I say we wait ... ballard no , no , no ... you do not know shit about procedure ! you do not send you best ... roy I have get the work gun , elden , I ! you waste all you bullet so you crawl out there . ballard stare at he in disbelief , then back at the close bedroom door . ballard start off on he belly . omit ballard goddammit ... 146a int . rosa's apartment - bedroom - same time 147 a long beat pass . police siren wail in the distance . Betty move close to Charlie to look at he shoulder . he watch she intently . charlie if we go out that window right now we would have a chance ... betty I better go check on they . charlie wait , Betty ... you still have not answer I . betty this be really awkward ... the siren be come closer . he wave she off . charlie ahh , it 's too late , anyway . it 's too late . ( beat ) listen , I could shoot my way out , maybe take one of they with I ... if you would gimme my gun back . 140 . betty I would rather not ... charlie Betty , I do not wanna shrivel up alone in some stinking prison . no way . I have get some professional pride . and I do not want anybody else to get the credit for take I out . betty .. what be you say ? charlie when a Roman general know a battle be lose , he would throw himself on he sword . Charlie fumble in he pocket , then pull out the photo of Betty with the cardboard David ravell . Charlie 's charlie ( cont would ) do ... do you really come here because you love this guy ? betty yes ... not the actor , though , the doctor . I think . sink slowly to the floor . charlie so all this ... really be because of that soap opera ? my son be dead because you come out here to be with that doctor ? a fake doctor ? betty I would not have put it quite that way , but ... charlie wesley do not even want to come up here . he warn I , but I insisted ... ( beat ) I have to ask you , Betty ... be you crazy ? betty I do not think I be . Charlie remain sit pensively for a long beat . charlie I want you to listen to I , Betty . people do not lie when they be about to die . 141 . ( beat ) you do not need that doctor . you do not need that actor . you do not need any man . it 's not the forty , honey . you do not need anybody . you have get yourself ... and that 's more than most people can say . Charlie reach out slowly and take the gun from Betty . she do not fight he . he kiss she hand and step into the bathroom and close the door . a single gunblast send a shiver through Betty . int . lyla' house - night 148 tv newscast close shot of a anchorman . anchorman in a story that police say be bizarre , even for Hollywood , a father - son team of killer track a Kansas soap opera fan halfway across the country , only to find themselves the victim in a final , bloody confrontation ... the anchorman continue as the camera pull back to reveal lyla and George watch television in a plush live room . lyla this story be beyond belief , which be perfect for we . it 's free advertising and it 's gonna run for month . GEORGE I do not think she can do it . you see what happen . lyla you fuck it up . who would not freeze in that circumstance ? and I do not care what she problem be . she would not be the first one in that cast with problem . we have nothing to lose by make she a offer . GEORGE what about I ? do not you wanna know how I feel about it ? I be the one who ... lyla why would I give a shit how you feel . and I get news for you . I love you ‘icy water 's idea the other day ... I be toy 142 . with the idea of kill David ravell off in a boat accident . GEORGE that 's not a bad idea . how many episode before he come back ? lyla shake she head " no . " GEORGE ( cont would ) Jesus , do not do that ! if it get around that you fire I , I will never land a pilot . lyla then do as you be tell . get she back . int . tip top diner - day 149 George and Betty sit across from one another in a booth . Betty listen patiently . her former co- worker try to remain busy but can not help gawk . GEORGE I be sorry for what I do . it be inexcusable . I be sorry for the thing I say , and for not respect you , and for all the stupid thing that ... darlene approach , put a piece of paper on the table . darlene when you have a minute ... GEORGE look , I do not really like the whole idea of autograph , and I be kind of in the middle of ... darlene do not flatter yourself . it 's the check . she walk off . GEORGE oh . of course ... sorry . betty ( grab it up ) my treat . you be say ... something about how stupid you have be ? 143. GEORGE right ... I be . I be a idiot , plain and simple , and I hope you can find it in you heart to forgive I . how 's that ? betty kinda like you would be say it since you get on the plane ... GEORGE I have ... do it sound that bad ? betty mmm-hmm . listen , I forgive you , Mr. mccord ... GEORGE George ... betty George . I do . ( beat ) my best friend once say if you be any handsomer it would be a crime ... GEORGE thanks ... betty ... it 's too bad you be such a asshole . 's the only thing that Del be ever right about . George wince ... accept it . GEORGE no , that 's ... okay . Fair enough . ( beat ) so , now that we have sort of settle the ' asshole ' thing , be there any chance you will come back to the show ? at all ? 150 int . tv diner - day 150 Dr. David ravell sit with nurse Betty in a diner , catch a bite to eat before go back on shift . they smile at one another over they meal . betty there 's always a chance , David . 151 152 153 david right . but will there be a tomorrow , and the next day , and the next ? 144 . betty ( whisper to he ) Doctor , if you be any handsomer it would be a crime ... david I guess that mean you be free tonight . of course , it 's up to you ... betty no , it 's up to we . I love you , David . and I want to see you tomorrow , and the next day , and the next day ... ( they kiss ) int . tip top diner - day 151 darlene , the other waitress , the cook and assort customer gather at the counter to watch Betty on television . sheriff ballard beam from a nearby stool . int . sue ann be house - day 152 the kid be out of control , but Sue Ann 's oblivious . she leap from she chair . sue ann that 's my best friend ! int . rosa's apartment - day 153 Roy , Rosa , Danny and sra. herrera watch Betty lean across the table , take David 's face in she hand and move into a romantic kiss . on the sofa , Rosa take Roy 's hand in hers . postscript : Rosa herrera receive 11 phone call off the business card Betty hand out . but she fall in love with Roy ostrey , marry he and move to Kansas . 154 pay vacation in ext . cafe sistina - rome - day 154 Betty watch the pilgrim on they way to St. Peter 's as she sip a cup of coffee . her waiter stand nearby with one eye on a tv set that broadcast " a reason to Love " in italian . 145 . betty could I get some service here , please ? without look , the waiter approach , top off she cup and move back to watch the show . Betty smile knowingly at this , take a sip and settles back in she seat . slowly , the world pass by . postscript : Betty sizemore appear in 63 episode of " a reason to Love . " she be use she earning to for a nursing degree and be currently on Europe . the Europe . fade out : the end