'' qo brother , where art thou " by ethan coen and Joel coen black in black , we hear a chain - gang chant , many voice together , space around the unison strike of pick against rock . a title burn in : o muse ! sing in I , and through I tell the story of that man skilled in all the way of contend .. a wanderer , harry for year on end ... on the sound of a impact we cut to : a pick split a rock . as the chant continue , wider angle show the chain - gang at work . they be black man in bleach and fade stripe , chain together , work under a brutal midday sun . it be flat delta countryside ; the straight-lule road stretch to infinity . mounted guard with shotgun lazily patrol the line . the chain - gang chant be regular and , it seem , timeless we slowly fade out , return to black the last of the voice fade . after a long beat we hear the guitar introduction to Harry mcclintock 's ' the Big rock candy Mountain . ' a wheat field a road cut across the middle background . noonday sun beat down . we hear the distant pick and shovel of man at work and see , rise above ground level , the occasional upraise pick and spade heaving dirt . Men be digging a ditch alongside the road . after a long beat , three man pop up in the wheat field in the middle foreground . they wear fade stripe and grey duck - bill cap . they scurry abreast toward the camera , throw a occasional glance back at the ditch-diggers . a clanking sound accompany they run . oddly , the wheat between they sweep down as they run . after a brief sprint they drop back down into the wheat . in the background a man enter frame leave , strolling along the road , wear a khaki uniform and sunglass , a shotgun rest against one shoulder . he glance idly down into the ditch and stroll on out of frame right the three man rise back up from the wheat and , clanking , resume they sprint . three payr of eye they be top by three cap bill , and peer out from behind a blind of greenery . we hear distant whistling . the man be look at a weathered barn . a young boy , whistling , be head down the road that lead away from the barn , jiggling the trace of the old plough horse that lead he . he turn a corner and be go . barnyard the three clanking man ( we can now see they leg iron ) be awkwardly chase a chicken around the yard . the squawk yardbird do not need to move much to elude the three bunched man . country lane it curve in a gentle S into the background . it be sun — dapple , pretty . we hear clanking footstep approach at a trot . the three man enter in the foreground and trot on down the lane . the leftmost have a flap chicken tuck under one arm . afternoon campfire the three man sit in a side - by-side arc around a die fire , one of they contentedly pick he tooth with a small chicken bone , another wiping grease off he chin with a sleeve , the third idly poke at the fire with a spit . each of they , still bound by chain , clink as he move . one of they abruptly cock he head , listen . the other notice he attitude and also freeze , listen . we hear the distant bay of hound . rolling hill from high on a ridge we see the three chain man run toward we . in addition to they clank we hear a distant chugge sound . tracking laterally with the clanking , run foot . the chugge sound be very loud . running next to a freight train . a boxcar door be open . inside the boxcar the lead convict hook a elbow in and start haul himself up , he two clanking friend keep pace outside . six hobo sit in the boxcar , loung against sack of o'daniel 's flour . they impassively watch the convict clamber in as he two confederate run to keep up . the convict haul himself to he foot . in spite of he stubble he have carefully tend hair and a pencil mustache . he be Everett . as he dust himself off : everett say , uh , any a you boy smithy ? the hobo stare . Everett give a ingratiate smile as , behind he , the second convict start to haul himself into the boxcar , the third convict still keep pace outside everett or , if not smithy per se , be you otherwise train in the metallurgic art before straitened circumstance force you into a life of aimless wanderin ' ? the convict run outside the boxcar door stumble and disappear and the middle convict be yank out immediately after . Everett , just finish he speech , flip forward in turn , smashes he chin onto the floor and be suck out the open doorway , he claw fingernails leave parallel groove on the boxcar floorboard . the hobo impassively watch outside the three man tumble , clanking , down the track embankment . squush - they come to a rest in swampland at the bottom . they shake they head clear , then rise to they foot in the muck and watch the train recede . its fade clatter leave the bay of hound everett Jesus - can not I count on you people ? the second con be delmar . delmar sorry , Everett . Everett look desperately about . everett all right - if we take off through that bayou - the third con , Pete , bald but also with beard stubble , angrily cut in . pete wait a minute ! who elect you leader a this outfit ? everett well , Pete , I just figure it should be the one with capacity for abstract think . but if that be not the consensus view , hell , let 's put she to a vote ! pete suit I ! I be votin ' for yours truly everett well I be votin ' for yours truly too both man look interrogatively to delmar he look from Pete to Everett , and nod agreeably delmar okay - I be with you fella . Everett make a sudden hush gesture and all listen the bay of hound be louder now , but through it we hear a distant scrape of metal against metal , like the working of a rusty pump . the man turn in unison to look up the track a small , distant form be move slowly up the track toward they . as it draw closer it resolve into a human-propelled flatcar : a ancient black man rhythmically pump its long seesaw handle . the three convict look out at the swampland which begin to show movement , the bow grass trample by man and dog . the flatcar draw even and slow . everett mind if we join you , ol timer ? old man join I , my son . the three man clamber aboard and the old man resume pump the three man exchange glance ; delmar wave a clanking hand before the old man 's milky eye . no reaction . delmar you work for the railroad , grandpa ? old man I work for no man . pete get a name , do ya ? old man I have no name . everett well , that right there may be why you have have difficulty find gainful employment . ya see , in the mart of competitive commerce , the — old man you seek a great fortune , you three who be now in chain ... the man fall silent . old man and you will find a fortune - though it will not be the fortune you seek ... the three convict , face upturn , listen raptly to the blind prophet . old man ... but first , first you must travel a long and difficult road - a road fraught with peril , uh-huh , and pregnant with adventure . you shall see thing wonderful to tell . you shall see a cow on the roof of a cottonhouse , uh-huh , and oh , so many startlement ... the cloudy eye of the old man stare sightlessly down the track as the seesaw handle rise and fall through frame old man +++ I can not say how long this road shall be . but fear not the obstacle in you path , for fate have vouchsafe you reward . and though the road may wind , and yea , you heart grow weary , still shall ye foller the way , even unto you salvation the old man pump - reek -a reek - a reek - a - as all contemplate he word . loud and sudden : old man izzat clear ? the man start , then mumble polite acknowledgement the railroad track wind to the set sun . reek -a reek -a reek -a — the flatcar roll , in wide shot , toward the golden horizon . fade out day a hot dusty road lead up to a lone farmhouse . the three man walk , clanking and abreast . delmar how would he know about the treasure ? everett do not know , delmar - though the blind be repute to possess sensitivity compensatin ' for they lack of sight even to the point of develop para — normal psychic power . now clearly seein 's the future would fall neatly into that ka-taggery . it 's not so surprising , then , if a organism deprive of earthly vision — pete he say we would not get it ! he say we would not get the treasure we seek Everett grow testy : everett well what do he know - he 's a ignorant old man ! Jesus , Pete , I be tell you I bury it 's myself , and if you cousin still run this - here horse farm and have a forge and some shoein ' impediment to restore we liberty of movement — bang ! a rifle shot kick up dust in front of the man child voice hold it rah chair ! the front of the farm house show only a harshly shade front porch and a dark screen door . the screen door swing open and a child emerge on to the porch and step down into the sunlight , hold a gun almost bigger than he be . the grimy - face boy , about eight year old , wear tatter overall child you man from the bank ? pete you wash 's boy ? child yassir ! and daddy tolt I I be to shoot whosoever from the bank ! he poke he rifle at the three man , who raise they hand . delmar well , we be not from no bank , young feller . child yassir ! I be also suppose to shoot folk servin ' papers ! delmar well we be not get no papers . child yassir ! I nick the census man ! delmar there 's a good boy . be you daddy about ? the back of the house wash hogwallop , a sour-look bald man , sit near a rusted bathtub in a yard litter with ancient car part and farm implement overgrown with weed . he be whittling artlessly at a stick . he glance up as the three convict clank around the corner , then return to he whittling . wash " lo , Pete . hooor yer friend ? everett please to make you acquaintance , mister hogwallop . m'name 's Ulysses Everett mcgill . delmar 'n I be delmar o'donnell . pete how ya be , wash ? be what , twelve thirteen year and ? still look sourly at he whittling wash you have grow chatty . he toss the stick aside and sigh . wash I expect you will want they chain knock off . the hogwallop kitchen the four man and little boy sit around the kitchen table eat stew . a sear roebuck catalogue on the boy 's chair bring he to table height . the con be now rid of they chain and be dress in ill-fitting farmer 's wear wash they foreclose on cousin vester . he hang himself a year come May . pete and uncle ratliff ? wash the anthrax take most of he cow . the rest do not milk , and he lose a boy to mump . pete where 's cora , cousin wash ? wash glance at the little boy wash could not say . Mrs. hogwallop up and r-u-n-n-o-f-t . everett mm. must have be lookin ' for answer . wash possibly . good riddance , far as I be concerned ... the three man slurp they stew . wash I do miss she cookin ' though . delmar this stew 's awful good . wash think so ? he sniff dubiously at he spoon . wash I slaughter this horse last Tuesday '' afraid she 's startin’ to turn live room later . the four man sit about listen to a big box radio wash be whittling once again ; Everett dip he comb into a pomade jar and carefully work on he hair ; Pete be digging around with a toothpick ; delmar dreamily wave one hand in time to the music . the music end . announcer well , that 's the last number for tonight 's ' pass the biscuit pappy o'daniel flour hour . * this be pappy o' Daniel , hopin 's you folk be enjoyin ' that good old - timey music and remember , when you be fixin ' to fry up some flapjack or bake a mess a biscuit , use cool clear water and good pure pappy o' Daniel flour for that ' pass the biscuit , pappy ' flavor . so tune in next week folk and till then whyncha turn to you better half and sing along with pappy : " you be my sunshine , my only sunshine . Everett clear he throat . everett well , guess I will be turn in ... he screw the lid back on the pomade everett say , cousin wash , I guess it would be the acme of foolishness to inquire if you have a hairnet . wash get a bunch in yon byurra . Mrs hogwallop 's , matter of fact hepyaseff ; I will not be needin ' ‘em . the three men sleep in a hayloft . Everett wear a hairnet over he painstakingly arrange hair Pete snore on the inhale . delmar whistle on the exhale a spotlight play over the hayloft ceiling and a voice boom bullhorn voice all right boy , itsy authority . the three man rouse themselves . bullhorn voice we gotcha surround . just come on out grabbin ' air ! Everett shrug he shoulder and peek down into the barnyard . everett damn ! we be in a tight spot ! from high we see a foreshortened lawman hold a bulthorn surround by armed deputy . next to the man with the bullhorn , a tin-starred sheriff watch impassively through mirrore sunglass , a bloodhound drool at he side . man with bullhorn and do not try nothin’ fancy — you sitchy - ation be purt nigh hopeless . delmar what inna Sam Hill ...? everett Pete 's cousin turn we in for the bounty ! pete the hell you say ! wash be kin ! a unamplify voice echoe up from the yard : voice sorry Pete ! I know we be kin ! but they get this Depression on , and I gotta do fer I and mine ! Pete scream down from the hayport : pete i'm gonna kill you , juda iscariot hogwallop ! you mis 'able hoss - eatin ' sonofabitch ! you - rat-a-tat-a-tat - Everett pull Pete down as a tommy gun spit lead into the hayloft . everett damn ! we be in a tight spot ! Pete be enraged : pete damn he eye ! pa always say never trust a hogwallop - come'n get US , copper ! bullhorn voice so be it ! you boy be leavin 's we no choice but to smoke you out . everett oh no ! Lord have mercy ! Men approach the barn with torch . delmar what do we do now , Everett ? everett Fire ! I hate fire ! pete you lousy tin - wearin ' motherless barnburnin ' cockroach -— Everett cut in , he voice break : everett now hold on , boy - aintcha ever heard of a negotiation ? maybe we can talk this thing out ! delmar yeah , let 's negotiate they , Everett . the hayloft be fill with smoke . flame lick downstairs . pete you lousy yella - bellied low -down skunk — everett now hold on , Pete , we gotta speak with one voice here - careful with that FIRE now , boy ! Pete grab a flame faggot and hurl it down at the deputize congregation . it land harmlessly in some scattered straw . bullhorn voice you choose it , boy - the prison farm or the pearly gate ! the straw curl , light , and the fire scuttle over to a park Black Maria . with a loud airy whooof ! the undercarriage of the police van pop into flame . the man with the bullhorn see it . man with bullhorn Holy Saint Christopher - outa that vehicle , champ , she' lickin ' far ! Tommy gun be store in the back of the van . the drum of one start spin . flame lick up the outside of the van as - chinka-chinka - chinka — bullet hole walk across the body . man with bullhorn take cover , boy , that ain't popcorn ! yelling man scurry away the vehicle rock and chatter under the force of the many tommy gun now fire inside . tire pop , hiss and settle door pop open ; glass shatter . voice who 's that ? a oncoming car be bounce crazily across the yard , horn blaring . deputy leap out of its path the car shoot past the chatter van which still buck and bounce on its shock , its interior strobing and flash as if fill with trap lightn the speed car head directly for the flame barn door and crash through in a shower of spark . the car brake inside the barn and the driver 's door fly open . the little hogwallop boy yell over the roar of the flame : boy come on , boy ! I be gonna r-u-n-n-o-f - t! Pete , Everett and delmar pile in . delmar you should be in bed , little fella . the door slam shut and the boy grind into gear . he have wood block strapped to he foot so that he can reach accelerator , brake and clutch . he sit on a sear roebuck catalogue to give he a view over the dash . boy you be not the boss a I ! the car speed for the far wall , sheeted in flame , and burst through . country road — day the Little hogwallop boy walk away in long shot down the middle of the empty road . his walk be unsteady , the wood block still strapped to he foot . he turn to face we and holler : boy you candy - butte car-thievin ' so 's and so 's ! I curse yer name ! Pete enter in the foreground and throw a dirt clod at the boy . it land shy as Pete yell pete go back home and mind yer pa we pan Pete over to the shoulder where the car be stop , its hood propped open . Everett and delmar be look at the engine . pete what 's the damn problem ? drygood store the proprietor be a bespectacle middle - age man wear sleeve garter and a visor . behind he be stack , among other necessary , sack of o'daniel flour . he push a small tin across the counter . proprietor I can get the part from bristol it will take two week . here 's you pomade . Everett be stunne . everett two week ! that do not do I no good ! proprietor nearest Ford auto man 's bristol . Everett pick up the tin . everett hold on there - I do not want this pomade , I want dapper Dan proprietor I do not carry dapper Dan . I carry fop everett no ! I do not want fop ! goddamnit - I use dapper Dan ! proprietor watch you language , young fellow , this be a public market . now , if you want dapper Dan I can order it for you , have it in a couple of week everett well , be not this place a geographical oddity - two week from everywhere ! forget it ! just the dozen hairnet ! pete and delmar on a wood hillside . they sit at a twig fire , roasting a small creature on a spit he stalk everett ( 0.s. ) it do not look like a one-horse town ... into frame and plop disgustedly down by the fire everett .+ sbut try get a decent hair jelly . delmar gopher , Everett ? everett and no transmission belt for two week neither . pete huh ?! they dam that river on the 21st . today 's the 17th ! everett do not I know it . pete we get but four day to get to that treasure ! after that , it will be at the bottom of a lake ! he grimly shake he head pete we be not gonna make it walkin’ . delmar gopher , Everett ? Everett have take out a can of near-empty dapper Dan . he scrape the last of it onto he comb and start comb he hair . we hear distant sing - one lone tenor voice everett well , you be right there , but the ol ' tactician 's already get a plan - Everett fish a gold watch from he pocket and toss it to Pete . everett - for the transportation , that be ; I do not know how I be gonna keep my coiffure in order . Pete look at the watch , puzzle pete how 's this a plan ? how be we gonna get a car ? everett sell that . I figure it could only have painful association for wash . Pete pop the front and read the inscription pete to Washington bartholomew hogwallop from he loving cora . ay - more fie - dellis . everett it be in he bureau . he screw the lid back on the pomade . delmar whistle appreciatively delmar you get light finger , Everett . gopher ? pete you mistable little sneak thief ... he lurch threateningly to he foot . pete you steal from my kin ! Everett scramble up . everett who be fix to betray we ! pete you do not know that at the time ! everett so I borrow it till I do know ! pete that do not make no sense ! everett Pete , it 's a fool look for logic in the chamber of the human heart . what the hell 's that sing ? we can make out the word now , sung by the lone tenor voice oh Brothers , let 's go down , come on down , do not you wanna go down ... people in white robe be drift down the hill , through the wood behind the campsite . they join in with the lead voice : voice oh Brothers , let 's go down , down to the river to pray ... delmar gaze wonderingly at the white - robe figure as he answer Everett : delmar appear to be ... some kinda ... con - gur-gation . Care for some gopher ? Everett too watch the white - robe people follow in the wake of the tenor . he answer absently everett no , thank you delmar - a third of a gopher would only rouse my appetite without beddin ' she back down there be more and more white robe drift through the wood , all of they strangely oblivious to the three man . delmar you can have the whole thing - I and Pete already have one ... there be a endless stream now , drift through the foreground , the background , the campsite itself voice oh , sister , let 's go down , come on down , do not you want to go down ... delmar we run acrost a gopher village ... the drift worshiper wear beatific expression . one only , a middle - age woman , notice the three convict around whom the rest of the flock blindly drift . she call to they : woman come with we , brother ! join we and be save ! the river White robe stream down the hill , out of the wood , and down the riverbank . the voice swell in a great chorus : voice we go down to the river one day study about that good old way and who shall wear that robe and crown , oh Lord , show we the way .. we be booming down to reveal a minister in the foreground he stand belly - deep in the river , ease a white - robe man back - down into the water . behind he a line of robe singer lengthen steadily as people stream out of the wood . Pete , delmar and Everett emerge from the wood and gaze down at the river . White - robe people continue to drift past they . everett I guess hard time flush the chump . everybody 's lookin’ for answer , and there 's always - delmar wade out into the stream , cut in line . everett where the hell 's he goin ' ? delmar have reach the minister and hold he nose as the minister incantate over he and lower he into the water . pete well , I will be a sonofabitch . delmar 's be save ! everett Pete , do not be ignorant - delmar be slogging back through the water . delmar well that 's it boy , I be redeeme the preacher warsh away all my sin and transgression . it 's the straight - and - narrow from here on out and heaven everlast 's my reward ! everett delmar what the hell be you talk about ? - we get bigger fish to fry - delmar preacher say my sin be warsh away , include that piggly wiggly I knock over in yazoo ! everett I think you say you be innocent a that charge . delmar well I be lyin' - and I be proud to say that that sin 's be warsh away too ! neither God nor man 's get nothin’ on I now ! come on in , boy the water 's fine ! later the smolder twig fire . a bloodhound on a leash circle into frame , its tail fiercely wag we follow it as , nose to the ground and strain against its leash , it waddle over to a empty tin of dapper Dan pomade . a voice all tight , boy ! we get the scent ! a car Everett drive , shaking he head with a forebearing smile Pete , sit next to he , and delmar , in back , be both drip wet . Pete be sullen : pete the preacher say it absolve we . everett for he , not for the law ! I be surprised at you , Pete . Hell , I give you credit for more brain than delmar . delmar but there be witness , see we redeeme ! everett that 's not the issue , delmar . even if it do put you square with the Lord , the State of Mississippi be more hardnose . delmar you should a join we , Everett . it could not a hurt none . pete Hell , at least it woulda wash away the stink of that pomade . everett join you two ignorant fool in a ridiculous superstition ? thank you anyway . and I like the smell of my hair treatment - the pleasing odor be half the point . he shake he head and laugh . everett baptism . you two be just dumber and a bag of hammer . well , I guess you be my cross to bear - delmar pull over , Everett - let 's give that color boy a lift . a thirtyish black man in wear go - to-meetin ' clothes stand on the shoulder , waggling he thumb at the pass car . he grab he batter guitar case as the car pull over and trot up to the open window . hitchhiker you folk goin’ through tishamingo ? delmar push open the back door delmar sure , hop in . Everett look at the man in the rearview mirror as he pull out . delmar be everett how ya doin ' , boy ? name 's Everett , and this two soggy sonsabitch be Pete and delmar . keep you finger away from Pete 's mouth -he be not have nothin ' to eat for the last thirteen year but prison food , gopher , and a little greasy horse . hitchhiker thank you fuh the lif ' , suh . m'name Tommy . Tommy Johnson . genuinely friendly : delmar how ya doin ' , Tommy . I have not see a house in mile . what be you doin ' out in the middle of nowhere ? Tommy be matter - of - fact : delmar be tommy I have to be at that crossroad las ' midnight to sell mah soul to the devil . everett well be not it a small world , spiritually speakin ' ! Pete and delmar just be baptize and save ! I guess I be the only one here who remain unaffiliate ! delmar this be not no laughin ' matter , Everett . everett what would the devil give you for you soul , Tommy ? tommy he teach I to play this guitar real good . horrify : delmar oh , son ! for that you trade you everlastin ' soul ?! Tommy shrug . tommy I wuddan usin ' it . pete I always wonder - what 's the devil look like ? everett well , of course there 's all manner of lesser imp and demon , Pete , but the great Satan hisself be red and scaly with a bifurcate tail and carry a hayfork . tommy oh no ! no suh ! he 's white - white as you folk , with mirror for eye a ' a big hollow voice a ' allus travel with a mean old hound . pete and he tell you to go to tishamingo ? tommy no suh , that be mah idea . I hear they 's a man there pay folk money to sing into a can . they say he pay extra effen you play real good . Everett 's eye narrow as he study the man in the rearview everett how much do he pay ? tishamingo the car be pull into the parking lot of a single - story cement - block building with a hundred - foot antenna and a handpaint sign : wezy listening ain't never be so easy nor so fine as the man get out of the car , Everett snap he suspender everett all right boy , just follow my lead . inside Everett stride up to a portly middle - age man who wear dark glass and hold a white cane everett who 's the honcho around here ? man I be . hur you ? everett well sir , my name be Jordan Rivers and this here be the soggy bottom boy outta Cottonelia Mississippi - song of salvation to salve the soul . we hear you pay good money to sing into a can . man well that all depend . you boy do negro song ? Everett grimace , think everett Sir , we be negroes . all except we a-cump — uh , company - accompluh - uh the fella that play the gui-tar . man well , I do not record negro song . I be lookin’ for some ol ' - timey material . why , people just can not get enough of it since we start broadcastin ' the ' pappy 0 ' Daniel flour hour ' , so thanks for stoppin ' by , but - everett Sir , the soggy bottom boy be steepe in ol ' - timey material . heck , you be silly with it , aintcha boy ? pete that 's right ! delmar that 's right ! we be not really negroes ! pete all except fer we a-cump -uh-nust ! the studio the three sing convict form a semi-circle behind Tommy who play he guitar into a can microphone . they be perform a hot and harmonize version of ' man of constant sorrow 's . when they finish Everett whoops and slap Tommy on the back everett hot damn , boy , I almost believe you do sell you soul to the devil man boy , that be some mighty fine pickin’ and singin’ . you just sign this papers and I will give you ten dollar apiece . everett okay sir , but mert and aloysius ' IL have to scratch xes — only four of we can write . the lot a caravan of two oversize car be pull into the lot just as Tommy and the three convict burst out of the station door , whooping it up . a sixty - year- old man in enormous seersucker pants hold up by suspender and the outward pressure of a bloom belly be get out of the first car . his face be familiar from countless sack of pass the biscuit pappy o' Daniel flour delmar wave a fistful of money at he . delmar hey mister ! I do not mean to be tellin’ tale out a school , but there 's a man in there hand out ten dollar to anyone sing into he can ! pappy I be not here to make a record , ya dumb cracker , they broadcast I out on the radio . a big shambling man of about thirty have follow he out of the car . he have the sloping shoulder , the pasty skin , and the aimlessly bob head of a intellectual flyweight . junior that 's Governor menelaus ' pass the biscuit , pappy 's o'daniel , and he would sure ' preciate it if you eat he farina and vote he a second term . two other member of the retinue , older man whose girth rival the governor 's , be eckard and spivey . eckard finest governor we have ever have in m ' sippi . spivey in any state . eckard oh Lord yes , any parish 'r precinct ; I be makin ' the larger point . as pappy brushes by they , junior wheedle : junior aintcha gonna press the flesh , pappy , do a little politickin ' ? pappy slap at the young man with he hat . pappy I will press you flesh , you dimwitted sonofabitch - you do not tell you pappy how to cawt the elect ' rate ! pappy wave he hat at the radio building as singer in faux hillbilly outfit with various musical instrument case get out of the second car . pappy we be not one - at - a-timin ' here , we mass communicatin ' ! eckard oh , yes , assa parful new force . spivey mm—mm . the man head for the station , with junior lag . pappy shake a leg , junior ! thank God you mama die givin ' birth - if she would a see ya she would a die of shame ... a campfire it be night . Tommy sit in the background , play and sing a slow blue . the three convict , hold coffee cup , gaze into the fire . over the dreamy song : delmar why do not we bed down out here tonight ? pete yeah , it stink in that ol ' barn . everett suit I ... he stretch out . everett pretty soon it will be nothin 's but feather bed and silk sheet . Pete swishes he coffee as he stare into the blaze . pete a million dollar . everett million point two . delmar five ... hunnert ... thousand ... each . everett four hundred , delmar . delmar izzat right ? everett what be you gonna do with you share of the treasure , Pete ? pete go out west somewhere , open a fine restaurant . I be gonna be the maider dee . greet all the swell , go to work ever 's day in a bowtie and tuxedo a ' all the staff will all say yassir and nawsir and in a jiffy Pete ... he give he coffee a thoughtful swish and murmur pete a ' all my meal for free ... everett what about you , delmar ? what be you gonna do with you share a that dough ? delmar visit that foreclosin ' sonofagun down at the indianola saving and loan and slap that cash down on the barrelhead and buy back the family farm . Hell , you be not no kind of man if you be not get land . pete what about you , Everett ? what would you have in mind when you stole it in the first place ? everett I ? oh , I do not have no plan . still do not , really . pete well that hardly sound like you ... a distant Voice : voice all right , boy , itsy authority ! the three man tense up . Tommy stop sing . voice you sitchy -ation be purt nigh hopeless ! Pete shovel dirt onto the fire as delmar and Everett scramble to peek over a low ridge . they point-of-view show a lone barn with they car park to one side . various police vehicle have pull up face the barn , and armed man , they back to we , train gun on it , some take cover on the near side of they park car everett damn ! they find we car ! the man with the bullhorn continue , direct he comment at the distant barn : man we be not get the time - and nary inclination - to gentle you boy no further ! the three convict notice the sheriff who once again stand impassively next to the man with the bullhorn , hold a leash against which a bloodhound strain . man it 's either the penal farm or the fire of damnation - make no nevermind to I ! the sheriff make a signal to a man hold a torch , who skitter up to the barn and light it . delmar damn ! we gotta skedaddle ! everett I leave my pomade in that car ! maybe I can creep up ! delmar do not be a fool , Everett , we gotta R- u-n-o-f -f-t , but pronto everett where 's Tommy ? pete already light out , scared out of he wit . let 's go ! daytime road the three man shuffle down the dusty road . pete the hell it be not square one ! ai not no one gonna pick up three filthy unshave hitchhiker , and one of ‘em a know - it - all that can not keep he trap shut ! everett Pete , the personal rancor reflect in that remark I do not intend to dignify with comment , but I would like to address you general attitude of hopeless negativism . consider the lily a the goddamn field , or-hell !- take a look at delmar here as you paradigm a hope . delmar yeah , look at I . everett now you may call it a unreason optimism . you may call it obtuse . but the plain fact be we still have ... close to ... close to ... he lose he drift as all three man turn , reacting to the sound of a approach speed car . everett ++. Close to ... three day ... before they dam that river .. the car come into view cornere on two wheel . it crash back onto all four and , as it speed along , dollar bill snap and flutter out its window . the car roar up to the three man as delmar waggle a hopeful thumb . it screech to a halt . the driver , a young man in a sharp suit with a round , babylike face , lean over to call through the passenger window . driver be this the road to itta bena ? pete uh ... itta bena ... delmar pluck a flutter dollar bill out of the air and look at it wonderingly . he hold it stretch between two hand , bring the two side together , then give it a appraise pop . everett itta bena , now , uh , that would be ... pete be not it , uh ... like a child gaze at soap bubbles , delmar look around at the wafting currency , and yank another flutter bill out of the air . everett I be thinkin 's it 's uh , you could take this road to , uh there be the sound of a distant siren . the driver , still patiently lean over to hear out the two brainwracker , shoot a quick look in he rearview mirror pete ... Nah , that be not right ... I be thinkin ' of ... everett + ++ believe , unless I be very much mistaken — see , we have be away for several year , uh .. the driver push open the passenger door driver hop on in while you give it a think . the three man climb in and the car squeal out . int . car the driver shoot a glance up to the rearview mirror as the siren grow louder , then grope inside he coat driver any a you boy know you way around a walther ppk ? delmar well now , that 's where we cai not help ya . I do not believe it 's in Mississippi . the man stop withdraw the gun and appraise he passenger . delmar react to the paper currency flutter inside the car : delmar friend , some of you fold money have come unstow . driver just stuff it down that sack there you boy be not bad , I take it ? delmar well , funny you should ask - I be bad , till yesterday , but I and Pete here be save . my name 's delmar and that there 's Everett . driver George Nelson . it 's a pleasure . he open he door and step onto the run board , give Everett a casual : nelson grab the tiller , will ya buddy ? Everett slide over , startle . George Nelson , now fully outside and face the pursuit vehicle , have one hand clamp on the car roof and wave to delmar with the other . nelson Hand up that Thompson , Jack delmar grope in the footwell . delmar say , what line of work be you in George ? ext . car Nelson send a spray of bullet back at the pursuit car . nelson come and get I , copper ! you flatfooted lamebrained soft -assed sonofabititch ! no one can catch I ! i'm GEORGE nelson ! i'm bigger than any JOHN law ever live ! ha-ha-ha-ha - ha ! i'm ten -and-a-half feet tall and ain't yet fully growed ! Nelson fire wildly as the pursuit car gain on he , return fire . he suddenly notice a herd of cattle graze at the roadside and murmur : nelson +e cow . ee he swing the tommy gun over with a whoop nelson I hate cow worse than copper ! he let loose a spray . one of the cow drop and the rest stampede toward the road . delmar aww , George , not the livestock energize , Nelson resume bellow nelson ha -ha ! come on you miserable salaried sonsabitch ! come and get I ! in bovine ignorance of the convention of high - speed police pursuit , some of the cow have wander up onto the road the lead police car broadside one . George Nelson , cackle wildly , fire into the air as he car recede . SMALL town the car be speed into town , dodging and weaving through light traffic as George fire into the air - perhaps a mean of clear a path , perhaps a expression of high spirit the car screech to a halt and George hop out , and the three convict emerge to follow he . nelson come on boy ! we're goin ' for the record -three bank in two hour ! jowl shaking in a full run , George Nelson burst through the door of the bank , follow by the three man he fire into the ceiling and leap up onto a table . nelson okay folk ! hold the applause and drop yer drawer - i'm GEORGE nelson and i'm here to sack the CITY a itta bena ! he leap down , fire into the air again , and sweep a young woman stand in line into a full V - J dip , kissing she on the lip . delmar nudge Everett . delmar he 's a live wire though , be not he ? nelson thanky dear ! all the money in the bag , and you can tell you grandkid you be do by the best ! i'm GEORGE nelson and i'm feelin ' ten feet tall he wink at the three man who obediently wait . nelson it 's a kick and a quarter , be not it boy ? distant siren again . everett pardon I , George , but have you get a plan for gettin’ outa here ? nelson sure boy , here 's m'plan ! he whip open he suitcoat to reveal a half - dozen stick of dynamite . nelson they be not never see ordnance like this ! well , thank you , folk , and remember : jesus save , but GEORGE nelson withdraws ! ha-ha-ha-ha-ha - ha ! go fetch the auto - voiture , pete ! he send a burst into the ceiling , and head for the door as customer murmur . voice ... it 's babyface Nelson ... George whirl . nelson who say that ?! the customer stare mutely back . nelson what ignorant lowdown slanderize sonofabitch say that ?! my name be GEORGE nelson , get I ?! the customer shuffle they foot and glance uncomfortably about . delmar lay a hand on George 's shoulder and try to steer he toward the door . delmar they do not mean anything by it , George . nelson GEORGE nelson ! not babyface ! you remember and you tell you friend ! i'm GEORGE nelson , born to raise hell ! outside the bank the siren grow louder as the four man emerge . everett you gotta be a little tolerant , George ; all this poor folk know be the legend . Hell , they can not be expect to appreciate the complex individual underneath — nelson aww , I be all right - he shrug off Everett 's hand and light the fuse on a stick of dynamite . nelson this 'ul put I right back on top ! the car squeal up and , as siren approach once again , the three man pile in . nelson or - voir , itta bena ! GEORGE nelson thanks you for you support ! as the car peel out - ka - boom ! - the dynamite blow a crater in the street behind . campfire it be night . George Nelson , now strangely quiet , hold a coffee cup and stare gloomily into the fire . after a long beat , delmar , also stare into the fire , slap one knee and ejaculate : delmar damn but that be some fun though , win it George ?! George respond , barely audible and without brighten : GEORGE seeyeah ... Everett and Pete exchange significant look . delmar , however , be less sensitive to the babyface 's mood . delmar almost make I wish I have not be save ! jackin 's up bank - I can see how a fella could derive a lot a pleasure and satisfaction out of it ! GEORGE seeit 's okay ... delmar whoa doggy ! at length George swishes the coffee around he cup , shrug , toss the coffee and rise . GEORGE ++. well , I be takin ' off . he dig into a pocket and toss he car key to a dumbfounded delmar . GEORGE you boy can have the automobile . glassy -ey , he continue to dig in he pocket and let he money fall to the ground . GEORGE ' N might as well take my share a the rich . delmar what the - where you goin ' , George ? George have turn woodenly and walk away , leave the campfire 's flicker circle of light . GEORGE »+. I dunno ... who care ... delmar stare at Everett , who look appraisingly at George 's retreate back . Pete scramble to pick up the loose money . delmar now wuddya suppose be eatin’ George ? everett well ya know , delmar , they say that with a thrill - seekin ' personality , what go up must come down . top of the world one minute , haunt by megrim the next . yep , it 's like we friend George be a alley cat and he own damn humor be swingin’ he by the tail . but do not worry , delmar he will be back on top again . I do not think we have hear the last of George Nelson . delmar , gaze out at the blackness that have close over George Nelson , have not really be listen . he turn sadly back . delmar damn ! I like George . a field a ploughing farmer have pause to look for the source of distant string - band music , grow closer . there be also a approach amplify voice : voice do not be sap for pappy ; vote for Stokes and responsible gummint ! a stakebe truck approach along the road border the field . it be festoon with Stokes banner show the candidate hold high a broom . picker perform in the bed of the truck , along with a dancer do a two -step as he push a broom . a midget in overall wave he arm , as if conduct the music . voice he 's against the innarest and for the little man ! this , the driver 's voice , be amplify through a flare speaker mount on the roof of the cab . as the oncoming truck draw near , the midget bellow out at the farmer , who have remove he hat to scratch he forehead . midget greeting , brother ! vote for Stokes ! the voice tail away : midget clean gummint be yours for the askin ' ! we pan with the pass truck come to rest on the wezy radio building . inside we be pull back from a close shot of the portly blind man . man hang on ! lemme slap up a wire he turn away to load a recording as he talk into a microphone . man folk , here 's my cousin ezzard 's niece eudora from out greenwood doin ' a little number with she cousin Tom - Tom which I predict you be just gonna enjoy thoroughly . he switch off the microphone as the song , a duet of ' I 'ul fly away ' , scratchily issue from a monitor . he turn he attention back to a well - dress man sit nearby . man now what can I do you for , mister french ? french how can I lay hold a the soggy bottom boy ? man soggy bottom boy - I do not precisely recollect , uh - french they cut a record in here , few day ago , old - timey harmony thing with a guitar accump — accump — uh - man oh I remember ‘em , color fella I believe , swell bunch a boy , sung into yon can and skedaddle french well that record have just go through the goddamn roof ! they be playin’ it as far away as mobile ! the whole damn state 's goin ' ape ! man it be a powerful air . french hot damn , we gotta find that boy ! sign them to a big fat contract ! Hell 's bell , Mr. lunn , if we do not the goddamn competition will man oh mercy , yes . you gotta beat that competition . ' i'll fly away ! mix up to play full over the follow . montage - the three man walk down a flat delta road , the sun shimmer off the rough pavement . they bank loot , wrap in a bandanna , be knotted to the end of a stick sling over delmar 's shoulder . - a different road under a threaten sky . the three man stand in the middle distance , wait . in the foreground two little black boy be walk home , each carry a block of ice . a horse -drawn cart rumble in from offscreen and Everett waggle he thumb . Thunder rumble - a spin 78 on a green feel turntable . the crude black label identify it as ' man of constant sorrow 's by the soggy bottom boy . - a high shot look down through the rain past the drip eave of a barn , under which Everett , Pete and delmar have take cover . the three hold they coat pinch shut at the neck as they look forlornly up at the weather . - the three man walk along a red dirt road elevate through a bayou . - the three man sit around a campfire . Everett sit on a stump , expressively tell a ghost story as Pete and delmar gaze at he from below , wide - eye and rapt . - the three man walk past a cotton field dot with burst pod . - a woolworth 's interior . a sad - face woman in a calico dress address the clerk : sad -face woman do you have the soggy bottom boy perform ' man of constant sorrow ' ? clerk no , mar 'am , we have a new shipment in yesterday but we just can not keep it on the shelf . the sad -face woman be crestfallen . sad -face woman oh , mercy . then - just the purple toilet water . - the three man walk down a road excavate through bank of clay , from which gnarled tree root protrude - a pie rest on a windowsill , steam wafting from it . a hand enter from below the sill outside and disappear with the pie . a moment later we see Everett 's and Pete 's back as they scamper away across the yard . a short beat , and then delmar peek over the sill . he duck back down and then he hand reach up to leave a dollar bill . moment later we see he scamper away after Pete and Everett . - another campfire . the three man sit around it laugh as they enjoy the pie , each with a slab on a plate improvise of old newspaper . Everett finish he piece , lick he thumb and toss the newspaper onto the fire we jump in to look at the soile newspaper as flame begin to curl its edge . a story be headline ' tva finalize plan for flooding of arktabutta Valley 's . the flame curl the page away , briefly revealing the page beneath - with a story headline ' soggy bottom boy a sensation - but who be they ? ' - before it too be consume . - a little general store . we be very high , look down at a foreshortened Everett , Pete , delmar and store clerk , who be wield a long telescoping pole that stretch toward we . Everett be point up , direct the man with the pole he move it tentatively to and for until , at a certain point Everett nod vigorously . a reverse show the end of the pole - a long stock - pincher - as it close over a tin of dapper Dan pomade , rest on a high shelf . the exterior of the store show it to be on a corner of a little crossroad town . the three man be emerge from the store just as a car pull up to one of the two bubble - top gas pump out front . a fancyman in a boater hat get out of the car and head for the store , pass the three ; Everett glance at he and , as the man disappear inside , he dive into he car , wave for delmar and Pete to follow . delmar initially reluctant , be haul into the car by Pete , and the man take off . - the spin 78 recording , as the song enter its last verse . a spin car wheel . - a panoramic boom up as the car toodle away , down a road that wind through scrub grass toward a distant sunset . the car the three man be drive through the heat of the day . Everett drive ; Pete be slouched in the front passenger seat ; delmar , in back , pick out ' I will fly away on a banjo . Pete listen to something , squint , tilt he head . pete ++ + shutup , delmar . delmar and Everett exchange glance ; Everett shrug and delmar desist . we can faintly hear a high , unearthly sing . barely human , the sound seem to agitate Pete . he look desperately out the window . his hing point-of-view show , down the declivity from the road and half hide by tree , three woman wash clothes in the river . Pete 's reaction be enormous . he jam a fist into he mouth , eye widen . he yank the fist out and scream : pete pull over ! Everett , startle , do so . ext . before the car have even come to a stop Pete 's door fly open and he be stumbling down the bank to the river . Everett and delmar follow more casually , Everett chuckle . everett I guess o' Pete 's get the itch . at the river the unearthly sing , full volume here , come from the three woman , beautiful but mark by a otherworldly langor as they dunk clothes in the stream and beat they against rock . Pete be all awkward smile and deep , burn eye : pete howdy do , lady . name of Pete ! strangely , the three laundress do not answer , though they do smile at he as they continue to sing . Pete try again as he reach into they laundry basket : pete maybe I could help you with the , uh - he realize he be hold lady 's undergarment . pete ahem . I , uh ... he drop they back in the basket . pete I do not believe I have , uh , hear that song before ... Everett and delmar have arrive ; Everett be loud and jovial : everett aintcha gonna innerduce we , Pete ? Pete 's eye stay glue on the woman as he hiss out of the corner of he mouth : pete do not know they name . I see ‘em first ! Everett laugh lightly everett lady , you will have to pardon my friend here ; Pete be dirt -ignorant and unschool in the social art . my name on the other hand be Ulysses Everett mcgill and you lady be about the three prettiest water lily it 's ever be my privilege to admire none of the woman respond but , as all continue to sing , one bring a jug mark with three xes to Everett . everett why , thank you dear , that 's very , uh ... he take a swig . everette mm . corn licker , I guess , uh , the prefer local uh ... he pass the jug to Pete as the woman run she finger through he hair . the other two woman be approach to likewise tousle Pete and delmar . delmar 's woman caress he face and , by squeezing he cheek smushes he mouth into a pucker delmar please to meet you , mar 'am . the sing continue . the stream gurgle . somewhere , in the distance , fly lazily buzz pete damn ! fade out fade in close on delmar we be very tight . delmar 's eye be close . we hear loud snore . at length he eyelid flutter open , but the snore continue . delmar groggily prop himself on one elbow . it be late afternoon . he be still on the riverbank . Everett snore nearby . the lady be go . the hamper of laundry be go . Pete be go . after look blearily about for a moment , delmar start and stagger to he foot . delmar Holy Saint Christopher ! he toe Everett urgently in the rib . everett whuhh ... delmar oh sweet Lord , Everett , looka this ! Pete 's clothes be laid out on the ground , not in a heap , but mimick the human shape , as if he have be simply vaporize fron within they . Everett rouse himself and look at the clothes : he scan the opposite river bank . everett pete ! where the heck be ya ! we be not get time for you shenanigan ! delmar stare horrify at the pile of clothes : a spot in the middle of the shirt be rise and fall , rise and fall . delmar sweet Jesus , Everett ! they leave he heart ! Everett join delmar to look . the rhythmic rise and fall now travel up the shirt . a large yellow toad stick its head out from under the collar . delmar keens . Everett be bewilder . everett what on earth be goin ' on here ! what 's get into you , delmar ! delmar caintcha see it Everett ! they sigh - reens do this to Pete ! they love he up ant turn he into a horney - toad ! the toad hop down the river bank . delmar Pete ! come back ! he slide down the bank after the toad , Everett watch in perturbation . the toad plop into the river and delmar dive in after he . he emerge a moment later with the toad wriggle in he hand . delmar do not worry , Pete ! it 's I , delmar ! oh Everett ! what be we gonna do ?! drive we hear soft whimper as Everett drive , sneaking worried glance over at the passenger seat . delmar have the toad in he lap . he whimper as he pet it . Everett hesitantly offer : everett «+. I be not sure that 's Pete . delmar course it 's Pete ! look at ‘im ! the frog croak . delmar we gotta find some kinda wizard can change ' im back ! a beat . delmar continue to whimper . Everett squint and shake he head . everett I be just not sure that 's Pete . fine restaurant the table be formally laid with linen . delmar and Everett sit at a table , a shoebox between they , deep in conversation . everett you can not display a toad in a fine restaurant like this ! why , the good folk here would go right off they feed ! delmar I just do not think it 's right , keepin ' he under wrap like we 's ashamed of he . everett well if that be Pete I be ashamed of he . the way I see it he get what he deserve - fornicate with some whore a Babylon . this thing — he point a knife at the shoebox . everett - do not happen for no reason , delmar . obviously it 's some kind of judgment on Pete 's character . another patron we be look over the shoulder of a broad -shoulder man in a cream - color suit and a shirt with powder - blue collar . he be digging into a huge plateful of steak and egg . sense something , he look up , cock he head , and then slowly turn to look back . he thus reveal a cream - color eyepatch with powder - blue trim ; he good eye be look intently off - at Everett and delmar , who continue argue , out of earshot back to everett and delmar still heatedly discuss delmar the two of we be fix to fornicate the waitress have just arrive for they order . Everett give she a ingratiate laugh : everett heh-heh . you will have to excuse my rusticate friend here , unaccustom as he be to city manners . he ostentatiously fan some of he money . everett well mamzel I guess we will have a couple a steak and some gratinate potato and wash it down with you finest bubbly wine — big man watch Everett fan he money . the big man stop chew and slowly raise he napkin to he lip to give they a dainty pat back to everett and delmar as Everett close he menu . everett .++ and I do not suppose the chef would have any nit or grub in the pantry or - naw , never mind , just bring I a couple leaf a raw cabbage . waitress . yes sir . the big man appear as she leave . big man do not believe I have see you boy around here before ! allow I t'innerduce myself : name of Daniel teague , know in this precinct as Big Dan teague or , to that who be press for time , Big Dan toot court . everett how d' you do , Big Dan . I be Ulysses Everett mcgill ; this be my associate delmar o'donnell . I sense that , like I , you be endow with the gift of gab . Big Dan chuckle as he draw up a chair big dan I flatter myself that such be the case ; in my line of work it 's plumb necessary . the one thing you do not want be air in the conversation . everett once again we find ourselves in agreement . what kind of work do you do , Big Dan ? big dan sale , Mr. mcgill , sale ! and what do I sell ? the Truth ! ever ' bless word of it , from genesee on down to revelation ! that 's right , the word of God , which let I add there be damn good money in during this day of woe and want ! folk be lookin for answer and Big Dan teague sell the only book that 's get ‘em ! what do you do - you and you tongue - tie friend ? delmar uh , we uh - everett we be adventurer , sir , currently pursuin 's a certain opportunity but open to other as well . big dan I like you style , young man , so I be gonna propose you a proposition . you cover my check so I do not have to run back up to my room , have you waitress wrap you dinner picnic — style , and we will retire to more private environ where I will explain to you how vast amount of money can be make in the service of God amighty Everett rise and dig in he pocket everett well , why not . if nothing else I could use some civilized conversation as the three man start to move off , Big Dan give delmar a tilt of the head and a crinkling smile big dan do not forget you shoebox , friend we hear bellow issue from a curtain private dining - room . inside the private room pappy o' Daniel sit smoking a cigar , nursing a glass of whiskey , and solicit the counsel of he overweight retinue pappy languish ! goddamn campaign be languish ! we need a shot inna arm ! hear I , boy ? inna goddamn arm ! Election hold tomorra , that sonofabitch Stokes would win it in a walk ! junior well he 's the reform candidate , daddy . pappy narrow he eye at he , wonder what he 's get at . pappy ++ 's yeah ? junior well people like that reform . maybe we should get we some . pappy whip off he hat and slap at junior with it . pappy I will reform you , you soft-head sonofabitch ! how we gonna run reform when we be the damn incumbent ! he glare around the table pappy Zat the best idea any you boy can come up with ? reeform ?! weepin ' Jesus on the cross ! eckard , you may as well start draftin ' my concession speech right now . eckard grunt as he start to rise . eckard okay , pappy . pappy whip he back down with he hat . pappy I be just makin ' a point , you stupid sonofabitch ! eckard okay , pappy . as he settles back eckard look around the table and helpfully relay : eckard pappy just makin ' a point here , boy . a meadow the car boost from the general store have be pull off the road and park a few yard into a field litter with bluebonnet and rimmed with moss - drip oak Everett , delmar and Big Dan sit on a blanket around a large picnic hamper . Big Dan be just suck the last piece of chicken off a bone . he toss the bone over he shoulder , belch , and sigh . big dan thankee boy for throwin ' in that fricasee . I be a man a large appetite and even with lunch under my belt I be feel a mite peckish everett we pleasure , Big Dan . big dan and thank you as well for that conversational hiatus ; I generally refrain from speech while engage in gustation . there be that who attempt both at the same time but I find it course and vulgar . now where be we ? delmar makin ' money in the Lord 's service . big dan you do not say much friend , but when you do it 's to the point and I salute you for it . delmar be pleased and embarrassed . delmar oh , it be not nothin ' , I - big dan yes , Bible sale . the trade be not a complicated one ; there be but two thing to learn . one bein ' where to find you wholesaler - word of God in bulk as it be . two bein 's how to reckanize you customer - who be you dealin’ with ? - a exercise in psychology so to speak . he rise to he foot and toss down he napkin . big dan and it be that which I propose to give you a lesson in right now . he reach up and with one hand easily rip a stout limb off a tree . he casually strip its twig everett I like to think that I be a pretty astute observer of the human scene big dan no doubt , brother - I figure as much back there in the restaurant . that 's why I invite you out here for this advanced tutorial his club be ready . he swing at delmar who stagger back with a grunt . Everett wear a puzzle smile . everett ... what 's goin ' on , Big Dan ? delmar , though stunne , be faster to size thing up . he charge Big Dan and wrap he arm around he . delmar roar . Big Dan rear back and whacks at he head . Everett be still puzzle , but willing to be instruct : everett Big Dan , what be you doin ' ? Big Dan walk awkwardly over to Everett with delmar still attach to he like a hunt dog lock on to a bear . Big Dan take a break from whack at delmar to deliver a blow to Everett . the blow catch Everett on the chin and send he reeling . big dan it 's all about money , boy ! atsy answer ! dough be mis ! Big Dan bear hug delmar and toss he away . he whacks Everett into a semi-conscious heap and then paw through he pocket . big dan do unto other before they do unto you ! he pull out they wad of cash . big dan i'u just take you show card ... he walk over to delmar who be on the ground moan , and kick he several time . big dan .+ sand whatever you get in the hole he take delmar 's shoebox and flip off the top . Inside be a bed of straw with the toad rest on it . big dan what the ... he poke around the straw with he finger ; nothing else inside . big dan it 's nothin ' but a damn toad ! delmar , moan , look blearily up through swollen eye Big Dan have the toad in he enormous fist delmar moan through crack and bloody lip : delmar no ... you do not understand ... big dan do not you boy know this thing give ya wart ? he squeeze the frog , crush it , and toss it away against a tree . delmar oh Lord ... Pete ... Big Dan be over at the car , cranking it up . big dan end of lesson . he climb in . big dan so long , boy ! hee -hee ! see ya in the funny papers ! the car belch and pop and toodle off down the road . delmar stagger to he foot and stumble over to the carcass of the frog , weep . delmar Pete ... Pete ... Pete ... fade out pan down from black to bring in a torch flicker in the night . we hear the rumble of distant thunder as the continue pan down bring the torch 's bearer into frame - a man with the slaver grin of the dim -witted sadist . he watch as we hear : voice where be they ?! there be the sound of a lash and a scream . voice talk , you unreconstructed whelp of a whore ! where they head ? another lash bring another scream the scream come from Pete . his arm , stretch high over he head , be tie to a tree limb . his interrogator wield a bullwhip . interrogator you scream be not gonna save you flesh ! only you tongue be , boy ! another lash , another scream interrogator where they head ! a third man walk into the torchlight , a hound drool at he heel . he be cooley , the sheriff with mirrore sunglass whom we remember from previous barn confrontation . cooley lump . 1.0. the two man acknowledge by back away from Pete we hear a pat ... pat ... and then the accelerate pitter - patter of arrive rain . cooley look up . cooley sweet summer rain . like God 's own mercy . he look back down at Pete . cooley you two friend have abandon you , Pete . they do not seem to care ' bout you hide . he shrug , look off . cooley . okay . look up , into black : a rope be toss up - it recede out of the torchlight into black night - and then drop back down into the light , a noose bounce at its end . cooley stairway to heaven , Pete . the two henchmen fit the noose over Pete 's neck . cooley lick he lip . his dog slobber . cooley we shall all meet , by and by . pete goddamnit ! cooley hold up one hand . the two man pause in fitting the noose . Pete be sobbing : pete godfer gimme ! Thunder crash . back of a haytruck Everett and delmar sit disconsolately on a haybale as the stakebe truck bounce along a rough country road . they be both ill- kempt and heavily bruise . though still a undammable river of verbiage , Everett now seem to be talk out of weary habit , not conviction : everett believe I , delmar , he would have want we to press on . Pete , rest he soul , be one sour-ass sonofabitch and not give to act of pointless sentimentality . delmar doggedly shake he head . delmar it just do not seem right , diggin 's up that treasure without he . we distantly hear pick ringing and male chant . hollow - eye , Everett try to convince himself as much as delmar : everett maybe it 's for the best that Pete be squush . why , he be barely a sentient bein’ . now , soon as we clean ourselves up , get a little smell 'um in we hair , we be just gonna feel a hunnert per cent better about ourselves and about ... his voice trail away as he look out at the road . they be pass a line of chain man in prison stripe and duck -bill cap wield pickax and shovel at the side of the road . Guards bear shotgun amble back and forth . as he stare at the line of man Everett try to pick up he thread : everett sssand about ... life in general .. the prisoner look like phantom in the heat and dust . everett Jesus . we must be near parchman farm . the man , give throat to a dolorous chain - gang chant , do not look up at the pass haytruck . Everett be haunt : everett sorry sonsabitch ... seem like a year ago we bust off the farm ... the last man in line swing he pick and , as he grow smaller , look up . Everett stare . it be Pete . Lone and lorn , he return Everett 's slack - jaw stare until heat ripple and the truck 's dusty wake dissolve he away Everett blink . everett Pete have a brother ? delmar not that I be aware . Everett shake he head as if to clear it . everett heat must be gettin ' to I . the truck rattles on . town square ithaca , Mississippi . on a bunt - cover stage a pencil - neck man with round rimless glass address a crowd of rustic . the pencil-neck be identify on poster as ' Homer Stokes friend of the Little man ' , and , in life as in the picture he shake a broom over he head . a midget in overall stand next to he . stoke and I say to you that the great state a Mississippi cannot afford four more year a pappy o' Daniel - four more year a cronyism , nepotism , rascalism and service to the innarest ! the choice , she 's a clear ‘un : pappy o' Daniel , slave a the innarest ; Homer Stokes , servant a the little man ! ai not that right , little fella ? the midget enthusiastically second : midget he be not lyin ' ! stoke when the litle man say jump , Homer Stokes say how high ? and , lady and jettymen , the little man have admonish I to grasp the broom a - ree-form and sweep this state clean ! the midget wave he little midget broom in time with stoke 's wave . stoke it 's gonna be back to the flour mill pappy ! the innarest can take care a theyselves ! come Tuesday , we gonna sweep the rascal out ! clean gummint - yours for the askin' ! he beam amid cheer and then , as three girl in gingham frock run out to join he : stoke a ' now - the little wharvey gal ! whatcha get for we , darlin' ? the oldest girl be about ten . little girl " in the highways " ! stoke that 's fine . the haytruck have pull into the square and Everett and delmar be climb out . Everett stare at the stage . everett wharvey gal ?! do he just say the little wharvey gal ? delmar shrug . for some reason , Everett be enraged everett goddamnit all ! onstage , the three girl be sing in untrained but enthusiastic harmony : girl in the highway , in the hedge . . Everett stomp toward the stage , fight he way through the crowd . puzzle , delmar follow delmar you know they gal , Everett ? Everett reach the stage and climb up into the wing just as the song end . the midget start buck - dance to a fiddle tune as the three little girl , filing off , notice Everett youngest daddy ! middle he be not we daddy ! everett Hell I be not ! whatsis ' wharvey ' gal ? - you name 's mcgill ! youngest no sir ! not since you get hit by a train ! everett what be you talkin ' about - I be not hit by a train ! middle mama say you be hit by a train ! youngest blooey ! oldest nothin ' leave ! middle just a grease spot on the l&n ! everett damnit , I never be hit by any train oldest at 's right ! so mama 's get we back to wharvey ! middle that 's a maiden name . youngest you get a maiden name , daddy ? everett no , daddy be not get a maiden name ; ya see - middle that 's you misfortune ! youngest at 's right ! and now mama 's get a new beau ! oldest he 's a suitor ! everett yeah , I know ' bout that . middle mama say he 's bona fide ! this worry Everett : Stokes be the girl woolworth everett hm . he give she a ring ? youngest yassir , big 'un ! middle gotta gem ! oldest mama check it ! youngest it 's bona fide ! middle he 's a suitor ! everett hm . what 's he name ? middle Vernon T. waldrip youngest uncle Vernon . oldest till tomorrow . youngest then he 's gonna be daddy ! everett I be the only damn daddy you get ! I be the damn paterfamilias ! oldest yeah , but you be not bona fide ! everett hm . where 's you mama ? announce from the stage : stoke and now let 's fetch back the wharvey gal to sing ' I will fly away ' call over they shoulder as they run back onstage middle she 's at the five and dime . youngest buyin 's nipple ! 's the face of a six - year - old girl and she four- year - old sister Light up . girl daddy ! next to they be a two - year - old girl with a string wrap around she waist . the other end of the string be hold by a woman in she thirty with a haggard , careworn face . the woman also hold a babe — in- arm Everett , enter , goggle at the infant . everett who the hell be that ?! woman starla wharvey . everett starla mcgill you mean ! how come you never tell I about she ? six - year-old ' Cause you be hit by a train everett and that 's another thing — why be you tellin’ we gal I be hit by a train ! woman lotta respectable people be hit by train . judge hobby over in cookeville be hit by a train . what be I suppose to tell ‘em - that you be send to the penal farm and I divorced you from shame ? everett well - I take you point . but it leave I in a damned awkward position vis-a- vis my progeny . a man in a straw boater join they boater ' lo penny ... this gentleman bother you ? everett you waldrip ? boater that 's right . Everett sniff and , catch a scent , squint waldrip 's hair , protrude from under he boater , be plaster against he scalp . everett .+. have you be use my hair treatment ? waldrip . you hair treatment ?! Everett cover he anger with a exaggerated politeness . everett s'cuse I . he draw penny aside . everett well , I get news for you case you have not notice — I be not hit by a train . and I have travel many a weary mile to be back with my wife and six daughter . six -year-old Seven , daddy ! penny that be not you daddy , alvinelle . you daddy be hit by a train everett now penny , stop that ! penny no - you stop it ! Vernon here 's get a job . Vernon 's get prospect . he 's bona fide ! what be you ? everett i'u tell you what I be - I be the paterfamilias ! you can not marry he penny I can and I be and I will - tomorrow ! I gotta think about the little wharvey gal ! they look to I for answer ! Vernon can s'port ‘em and buy ‘em lesson on the clarinet ! the only good thing you ever do for the gal be get he by that train everett ... why you ... lyin , ... unconstant ... succubus ! waldrip you can not swear at my fiancee ! everett oh yeah ? well you can not marry my wife ! with this he take a wild swing which waldrip easily elude . waldrip adapt a marquess of queensbury stance and prance about , deliver sting punch to the nose of a stunne and outclass Everett . a crowd be gather and voice murmur bystander who be that man ? penny he 's not my husband . just a drifter , just some no - account ext . woolworth be its glass door swing open and Everett be hurl out and bellyflop into the dust of the street brawny manager and stay out of woolworth 's ! movie theater romantic music tinnily play as delmar and Everett watch , Everett slump down and angrily hiss : everett deceitful ! two -face ! she -woman never trust a female , delmar ! remember that one simple precept and you time with I will not have be ill spend ! delmar okay , Everett . everett hit by a train ! Truth mean nothin’ to woman , delmar . triumph a the subjective ! you ever be with a woman ? delmar well , uh , I - I gotta get the family farm back before I can start thinkin about that . everett well that 's right ! if then ! believe I , delmar , woman be the most fiendish instrument of torture ever devise to bedevil the day a man ! delmar Everett , I never figure you for a paterfamilias . everett oh-ho - ho yes , I have spread my seed . and you see what it , uh ... what it 's earn I ... now what in the ... the screen be flicker down to black as the music slow to sludge and stop the theater be dark and quiet . Everett and delmar , and the rest of the sparse audience look restively about . a man carry a shotgun enter the auditorium he walk halfway down the aisle and stop several row behind delmar and Everett . he scan the theater , then bring a whistle to he lip . at he whistle the back door burst open and a line of chain man trot in at double-time . with much clanking they file into one row and then , that row fill , the one behind it they remain silently on they foot . the first guard and two other who escort in the convict scan the theater . the first guard again blow he whistle . the two row of chain man sit . after another silence : first guard .+.0 kay boy ! enjoy yer pickcha show ! one more whistle cue the movie to grind back up to speed . a hiss whisper from behind draw Everett and delmar 's attention : voice do not seek the treasure ! it 's a bushwhack ! Everett and delmar turn and stare , saucer -ey . in the middle of the frontmost row of convict sit Pete - bald , haunt Pete . after a long , disbely stare : delmar «.. Pete ? Pete whisper again , urgently : pete they be fixin ' a ambush ! do not seek the treasure ! Everett , jaw hang open , can only stare , as if at a ghost . delmar stare also , but finally bring out another : delmar «.. Pete ? pete do not seek the treasure ! Everett 's face remain freeze in horrify disbelief , but delmar finally accept Pete 's corporeal reality . delmar we think you be a toad ! Pete squint and cock he head as if to say , what be that ? delmar repeat the whisper slowly and with exaggerated mouth movement : delmar we think ... you be ... a toad ! Pete shake he head - do not catch it - and repeat , also overarticulate : pete do not ... seek ... the treasure ! a guard murmur : guard quiet there . watcha pickcha . veranda pappy o' Daniel sit on the veranda of the Governor 's mansion , smoking a cigar and sip from a glass of bourbon as the evening sun go down . pappy I sign that bill ! I sign a dozen a that aggi-culture bill ! everyone know I be a friend a the fahmuh ! what do I gotta do , start diddlin 's livestock ?! junior we cai not do that , daddy , we might offend we constichency . pappy we be not get a constichency ! Stokes get a constichency ! eckard they straw poll be ugly . spivey Stokes be pullin’ ah pants down . eckard gonna pluck we off the tit . spivey pappy gonna be sittin ' there pants down and Stokes at the table soppin ' up the gravy . eckard latch right on to that tit . spivey wipin ' little circle with he bread eckard suckin ' away . spivey well , it 's a well - run campaign , midget and broom and whatnot . eckard Devil he due . spivey helluva awgazation . junior say , I get idee . eckard what sit , junior ? junior we could hire we a little fella even smaller and Stokes 's . pappy whip at he with he hat . pappy y'ignorant slope-shouldered sack a gut ! why we would look like a buncha satchel - ass johnnie - come -lately braggin ' on we own midget ! do not matter how stumpy ! and that 's the goddamn problem right there - people think this Stokes get fresh idea , he 's oh coorant and we the past . eckard Problem a p'seption . spivey ass right . eckard reason why he 's pullin ' ah pants down . spivey gonna paddle ah little bee-hind . eckard ai not gonna paddle it ; he 's gonna kick it real hard . with he mouth form a 0 around he drop cigar , pappy look sadly from one to the other , like a spectator at a particularly boring tennis match . spivey no , I believe he 's a-gonna paddle it . eckard well now , I do not believe assa property scription . spivey well , that 's how I characterize it . eckard well , I believe it 's mawva kickin’ sichation . spivey pullin 's ah pants down ... eckard wipin ' little circle with he bread ... a noose in slow motion it be drop ... drop ... drop through the night . we hear distant thunder and the howl of a hound . the sound recede , and the black background dissolves into a pan down from a rafter ceiling as the noose fade away . the continue pan down show that we be in a barrack - like cabin . it be night . convict be range in bunk -bed . they snore stand out against the chirp of cricket . in the upper berth of the foreground bed be Pete . his hand be clasped behind he head . a manacle and chain link one wrist to a rail that serve as headboard . he stare up , haunt , at the phantom noose . pete I could not gaze upon that far shore ... he react quizically to a whisper : voice Pete ! a moment later Everett rise over the lip of he bed . his face be black and he sway as if stand on a boat . everett hold still . he be raise a large , long -arm , short - nose pincer tool . he lock the nose onto Pete 's chain and lever the arm . as he hand chink free , Pete do not react to he newfound liberty . we hear a agonize voice from off as Everett continue to sway : delmar ++. cai not stand much longer . Pete 's eye burn into Everett 's . pete it be a moment a weakness ! everett quitcha babblin ' Pete - time to skedaddle . the three men we track with they as they walk through the moonlit wood . delmar 's and Everett 's face be thoroughly black ; Pete be just finish black he , and he hand the shoe polish back to Everett . pete they lure I out for a bathe , then they dunked I and truss I up like a hog and turn I in for the bounty . everett I shoulda guess it - typical womanly behavior . just lucky we leave before they come for we . delmar we do not abandon you , Pete , we just think you be a toad . pete no , they never do turn I into a toad . delmar well that be we mistake then . and then we be beat up by a bible salesman and banish from woolworth 's . I do not know if it 's the one branch or all of ‘em . pete well I - I be not have it easy either boy . uh , frankly , I - well I spill my gut about the treasure . delmar huh ?! pete awful sorry I betrayed you fella ; must be my hogwallop blood everett aw , that 's all right , Pete . Pete be shaking he head , miserable . pete it 's awful white of ya to take it like that , Everett . I feel wretch spoilin ' yer play for a million dollar and point two . it 's be eatin at my gut . everett aw , that 's all right . Pete start weep . he hug a pete you boy be true friend ! stunne delmar . pete you be m'boon companion ! he hug Everett , who look profoundly uncomfortable . he clear now it be Everett . everett Pete , uh , I do not want ya to beat yourself up about this thing ... pete I cai not help it , but that 's a wonderful thing to say ! everett well , but Pete ... he throat . everett uh , the fact of the matter be - well damnit , there be not no treasure ! Pete 's turn to be stunne . he and delmar stare at everett fact of the matter - there never be ! pete but ... but ... delmar so - where 's all the money from you armored - car job ? everett I never knock over any armored - car . I be send up for practice law without a license . pete but ... everett damnit , I just hadda bust out ! my wife write I she be gettin ' marry ! I gotta stop it ! Pete stare vacantly off pete ... no treasure ... I have two week leave on my sentence ... everett I could not wait two week ! she 's gettin ' marry tomorra ! pete .+. with my add time for the escape , I do not get out now ' till 1987 ... I will be eighty - four year old . delmar , not angry himself , be try to work it out . delmar huh . I guess they will tack on fifty year for I too . everett boy , we be chain together . I hadda tell ya somethin’ . bustin 's out alone be not a option ! pete ... eighty - four year old . delmar brighten . delmar i'u only be eighty - two . Pete lunge at Everett . pete you ruined my life ! he tackle he and , with he hand wrap round Everett 's throat , the two roll over . everett ( strangle ) Pete ... I do apologize . pete eighty - four year old ! I will be gummin ' pab-you -lum ! they have roll through some brush and they body be now halfway into a clear . they abruptly stop . Pete , lie on top of Everett , look up , startle by loud chant . Everett , lie on he back , try to see as well he eye roll back in he head they point-of-view show a great open field where man in bedsheet parade in formation before a huge fiery cross . Pete and Everett hastily crabwalk back into the bush and then push through with delmar the rank of hood man , chant in a high hillbilly wail intersect and shuffle like a march band at halftime . at length they stop in perfect formation , still chant , to face the Imperial wizard , who stand in front of the burn cross dress in a red satin robe and hood trim with gold a aisle lead through the middle of the formation to the burn cross , before which a gibbet have be erect . the backmost row have stop , face away , only a few yard from the bush that hide delmar , Pete and Everett . as the chant continue , two klansman lead a black man , whom they grasp by either arm , up the aisle toward the gibbet black man I be not never harme any you gentleman ! Everett hiss : everett it 's Tommy ! they get Tommy delmar oh my God ! it be indeed Tommy Johnson tommy : I be not never harme nobody ! Pete be stare aghast at the makeshift gibbet pete the noose . sweet Jesus ! we gotta save ‘im ! a broad - shoulder man in the middle of the rank of klansman sense something , slowly turn to look back over he shoulder . he thus reveal that he hood have only one eye - hole . he slowly draw off he hood . it be , of course , Big Dan teague . his one good eye look about ; he other eye , now reveal , be hideously cloud and stare up and off in fix sightlessness . Everett , still crouch behind the bush , notice something he hiss and point . everett the color guard . off to one side be a robe and hood three - man color guard display a confederate flag . in front of the crowd the Imperial wizard raise one satin- drape arm , and the chant stop . wizard Brothers ! we be foregather here to preserve we hallow culture and heritage ! from intrusion , inclusion and dilution ! of culluh ! of creed ! of we ol '- time religion ! over in the bush Everett , delmar and Pete be straighten up and adjust they appropriate robe and hood , have dispose of the color guard wizard we aim to pull evil up by the root ! before it choke out the flower of we culture and heritage ! and we woman let 's not forget that lady , y'all , lookin ' to we for p'tection ! from darky ! from Jews ! from papist and from all that smart - ass folk say we come descend from the monkey ! that 's not my culture and heritage ! a roar from the crowd . wizard izzat you culture and heritage ? another roar . wizard and so ... we gonna hang we a neegra a huge roar - and now the rank resume they chant the color guard hustle up the aisle to draw up behind the two man lead Tommy to the gibbet . Everett hiss everett hey Tommy ! it 's we ! behind Everett in the deep background someone emerge from the rank into the middle aisle . he approach with a strong , purposeful stride - Big Dan teague , barehead , hold he hood under he arm . Everett hiss again : everett hey Tommy ! Tommy look back over he shoulder . tommy +e + huh ? Everett be oblivious to the big man approach from behind . everett it 's we ! we come to rescue ya ! tommy : that 's mighty kind of ya boy , but I do not think nothin 's gonna save I now — the devil 's come to collect he due ! pete Tommy , you do not wanna get hang ! tommy naw I do not guess I do , but that 's the way it seem to be workin’ out . everett listen to I , Tommy , I get a plan - whoosh - arrive Big Dan whip the hood from Everett 's head . Everett be expose - in blackface . the chant abruptly stop . the crowd be stunne . Big Dan whip off the other two hood - delmar and Pete , in blackface . from the crowd : voice the color guard be color ! Big Dan roar . the crowd roar Everett scream : everett run , boy ! pandemonium break out , and the Imperial wizard take off he red satin hood for a better view . he be the reform candidate Homer Stokes . next to he , he midget also pull of he midget hood . Stokes be peeve . stoke who make they the color guard ? Everett , Pete , Tommy and delmar , bear the confederate flag , be retreate across the neutral ground separate the mob of klansman from the burn cross . the mob pursue in full cry . when the intruder reach the foot of the cross , delmar turn . he javelin the flagpole up and out toward the pursue crowd . Homer Stokes be mortify . stoke damn ! can not let that flag touch the ground ! the crowd gasp and watch , head tilt back , in silence . the only sound be the flutter flag . Homer Stokes ' eye rise , hesitate and start to fall as the flag reach its zenith and start to descend . we boom down with the hurtle flag toward a sea of upturn white hood . Dead in the middle be barehead Dan teague . his arm be tense out at he side like a wait kick - off returner . he squint up with he one good eye , judge distance and trajectory . from somewhere we hear a loud boink , as of a wire pop . the flag flutter . the crowd be silent . Big Dan set and ... whap ! he snap he hand up and together . he have catch the flagpole . the flag have not touch the ground . the crowd cheer . Big Dan look around , beam acknowledgement of the cheer . from somewhere , another boink . as Big Dan 's look reach front again , he smile fade . his eye track up — up - creeeeeek ! the fiery cross be twist and start to fall . at the foot of the cross Everett snap its last guy wire with he pincer - boink - and the four man sprint off . whoooosh - as the crowd scatter , the cross descend toward Big Dan , freeze , look up . it crash in a shower of spark and ember that obliterate Big Dan teague . a packard it be pull up in front of a town hall from which party sound filter out . pappy o' Daniel emerge from the car with he retinue - eckard , spivey and junior . pappy I be sayin ' we har this man away . eckard assa good idea , pappy . spivey helluva idea . eckard cai not beat ‘em , join en . spivey have he join we , run we campaign " stead a that pencil - neck 's . eckard enticement a power , wealth , settera . spivey no one say no to pappy o'daniel eckard oh gracious no . not with he blandishment . spivey powas p'suasion pappy what 's he name again ? eckard campaign manager ? waldrip . spivey Vernon waldrip . eckard Vernon T. waldrip pappy hmm ... his folk from out tuscarora ? spivey tuscarora ? might be . I b'lieve they be . eckard not a doubt in my mind . pappy be disgust : pappy you do not know where he goddamn folk from ; you speakin ' outcha asshole . eckard well now pappy I would not put it that strong ... as the three man make they way up the step , eckard 's voice be fade : eckard ..sbut phhap yaw right ... in wide shot , they disappear into the building a reverse show the wide shot to have be the point-of-view of Everett , Pete , delmar and Tommy , who peek out from the mouth of a alley . Everett hiss he intelligence everett well , it 's a invitation - only affair ; we will have to sneak in through the service entrance — pete wait a minute — who elect you leader a this outfit ? since we be followin you lead we get nothin 's but trouble I get this close to bein ' strung up , n'consume in a fire , and whipped no end , and sunstroke , and soggy - delmar 'n turn into a frog - everett he be never turn into a frog ! delmar sulk : delmar almost love up though . Everett be stunne . everett so you be against I now , too !... be that how it be , boy ? silence . no one want to meet Everett 's eye . he be sadden everett the whole world and God almighty ... and now you . well , maybe I deserve this . boy , I ... I know I have make some tactical mistake . but if you will just stick with I ; I need you help and I have get a plan . believe I , boy , we can fix this thing ! I can get my wife back ! we can get outta here ! headlights play ; the man suck back into the alley as a car pass by . the car tool up to the banquet hall and Homer Stokes emerge with he midget . the midget toss he ball - up white hood into the car and both man shrug into they suitcoat Stokes be angry : stoke ... goddamn disgrace . make a travesty of the entire evenin ' ... they too start up the stair . Stokes 's pace be brisk and the midget hop awkwardly to keep up . stoke ... what I would not give to get my hand on that agitator . whoever hear a such behavior . even among cullud . or mulattos , maybe - I suspect some miscegenation in they heritage ... how else you goin’ explain it — usin’ the confed 'it flag as a missile ... banquet hall kitchen Everett , Pete , delmar and Tommy be enter through the back door . the blackface have be scrubbed off but all four now wear long gray beard as disguise , clumsily affix with spirit gum . each be carry a musical - instrument case . they elbow past the bustling kitchen help everett scuse I ... scuse I ... we be the next act . delmar Everett , my beard itches . pete this be crazy . no one 's ever gonna believe we be a real band . everett no , this be gonna work ! I just gotta get close enough to talk to she . takin ' off with we be get a lot more future in it than marrying a guy name waldrip . I be goddamn bona fide . I have get the answer ! head table out in the banquet hall penny and waldrip sit side - by-side at the head table , surround by the wharvey gal . penny and waldrip be face the hall with they back to the stage as the four bearded band member - Everett , Pete , delmar and Tommy - take they place . pappy o' Daniel stand by waldrip 's chair with a arm drape over he shoulder , lean in to murmur confidentially waldrip sit stiffly erect as he listen , frown at a spot in space . suddenly waldrip erupt : waldrip . well that 's a improper suggestion ! I can not switch side in the middle of a campaign ! especially to work for a man who lack moral fibre ! pappy Moral fibre ?! he wave he cane , outrage pappy you pasty - face sonofabitch , I invent moral fibre ! up on the stage , the band have launch into a song pappy pappy o' Daniel be displayin rectitude and high - mindedness when that pencil- neck you work for be still messin’ he drawer a hiss Voice : voice psst ! penny ! hey ! up here ! as the two man continue to exchange sharp word , penny turn she head to look steeply up over she shoulder . Everett be up onstage just behind she . as the rest of the band continue to play , he be parting he beard to hiss down at she : everett penny ! it 's I ! dismay , she shake she head and try to unobtrusively wave he away . he be undeterred : everett no , penny , listen ! we be leavin ' the state ! pusuin ' opportunity in another venue ! I get big plan ! not minstrelsy ; this -here 's just a dodge - I be gonna be a dentist ! I know a guy who will print I up a license ! I wanna be what you want I to be , honey ! I want you and the gal to come with I she shake she head vigorously and look down at she plate as Everett continue plead to she back everett they be my daughter , penny ! I be the king a this goddamn castle ! Stokes have amble up to the head table stoke what be you doin 's here , pappy ? I guess someone let on there be free liquor , heh -heh . pappy yeah , you will be laughin’ out the other side you face come November . eckard pappy o' Daniel be laugh 's then . spivey not out the other side he face , though . eckard oh no , no , just the reg 'la side - this byplay be interrupt by a roar from the crowd the band have launch into ' man of constant sorrow 's precipitate the huge reaction . Everett , still try to get penny 's attention , look up , stunne at the ovation Cry from the crowd : voice hot damn ! itsa soggy bottom boy ! Everett and the boy , still sing , exchange bemuse look a shrug , and they lean into the song with a will Everett perform a impromptu buck - and -wing , bring the crowd to new height of hysteria . pappy holy-moly . this boy be a hit ! junior but pappy , they 's inter-grated . pappy well I guess folk do not mind they 's integrate . Stokes be also stare at the band , frown . he murmur to himself : stoke wait a minute ... Everett catch Stokes ' look . the two man look at each other , aghast . Stokes raise he voice accusingly : stoke ... you 's miscegenate ! all you boy ! miscegenate ! Everett raise the volume of he sing . Stokes cry out : stoke get I a mike - a- phone ! a mike be thrust into he hand and he bellow into it , overwhelming the music , which the boy eventually abandon . Stokes continue bellow into the silence : stoke this boy be not white ! this boy be not white ! Hell , they be not even ol ' - timey ! I happen to know , lady and gentleman , this band a miscreant here , this very evening , they interfered with a lynch mob inna performance of its duty ! the crowd stare at he , stone - face . Stokes plow on : stoke it 's true ! I b'long to a certain society , I do not believe I gotta mention its name , heh -heh ... nobody join in the laugh ; Stokes slowly strangle on it . stoke ... ahem . and this boy here trample all over we venerate observance a ' rich'l ! now this - here music be over ! I aim to - boos start up among the crowd . stoke I aim to hand this boy over to - listen to I , folk ! the boo be grow in volume . there be cry of ' more music ! ' and even one ' shut up , pencil -neck ! ' stoke listen to I ! this boy desecrate a fiery cross ! more boo . waldrip approach and nudge the microphone away to murmur confidentially in Stokes 's ear . Stokes excitedly retrieve the mike and struggle to be hear : stoke and they convict ! fugitive , folk , escape off the farm ! this cut no ice ; the boo have become overwhelming . stoke folk , this boy gotta be remand the ' thority ! criminal ! and I happen to have it from the high authority that that neegra sell he soul to the devil ! he be hit by a tomato . the boo be deafen ; the soggy bottom boy , sense opportunity , launch back into the interrupt verse of ' man of constant sorrow 's . the boo become wild cheer . Stokes be be pelt by foodstuff . shield himself with one arm , he bellow into the mike : stoke wait a minute ! wait a minute ! be you be or be you be not my constichency ? int . rustic cabin Far up some sleepy holler . a old man in overall and he wife sit hunch before a crystal set , listen to the tinny voice . they look at each other wordlessly , look back at the crystal set . back to banquet hall Stokes be almost drown out by the music as he midget look apprehensively on . stoke be you be or be you be not - a disgruntled audience member yank out the microphone plug ; Stokes continue to mouth the inaudible word . pappy be consider the crowd . pappy goddamn ! oppitunity knock ! he start clamber up onto the stage . two man advance through the clap audience hold high either end of a eight - foot rail . when they reach Stokes , other audience member help load he onto the rail . onstage , pappy clap along with the audience . as they play , the band member fearfully eye pappy , who advance on they . pappy joyfully shake he fat ass in time to the music and do a little two-step . the audience roar . the band relax , perform with even more gusto . Stokes be be through the crowd on the rail , jeer at and pelt with comestible until he bang out the exit . as the song roll into its big finish the audience roar approval , and pappy elbow in to the microphone , beam . pappy that 's fine , that 's fine !... he drop one arm around Everett , the other around delmar . pappy ... lady and gentlemen here and listenin’ at home , the great state of Mississippi ( pappy o'daniel , gov'nor ) thanks the soggy bottom boy for that win -a- ful performance cheer . pappy now it look like the only man in we great state who be not a music luvva , be my esteem opponent in the upcomin ' , Homer Stokes - boos . pappy yeah , well , they be not no accountin f'taste . it sound t'me like he harbore some kind a hateful grudge against the soggy bottom boy on account a they rough and rowdy past boos . pappy sound like Homer Stokes be the kinda fella gonna cast the first stone ! boos . pappy well I be with you folk . I 'ma f'give and f'get Christian . and I say , well if they rambunctiousness and misdemeanorin ' be behind ‘em — it be , be not it , boy ? Everett hesitates , not sure where this be go everett sure be , Governor . pappy why then I say , by the par vested in I , this boy be hereby pardon ! loud cheer prod pappy to another level of inspiration : pappy and furthermore , in the second pappy o'daniel administration , why , this boy - be gonna be my brain trust ! raucous cheer . the band beam , but delmar lean into Everett , worried : delmar what sit mean exactly , Everett ? everett well , you and I and Pete and Tommy be gonna be the power behind the throne so to speak . delmar oh , okay . pappy so now , without further ado , and by way of endorsin ' my candidacy , the soggy bottom boy be gonna lead we all in a chorus of ' you be my Sunshine 's - be not ya , boy ? he give Everett a meaningful look , which Everett hold for a consider beat . everett «+. Governor - that 's one of we favorite ! pappy return a consider appraisal : pappy Son , you gonna go far . the song begin . later the step of the meeting hall . people stream out of the concert into the warm summer night . Everett , now relieved of he beard , be walk down the step with penny . everett I guess Vernon T. waldrip be gonna be goin’ on relief . maybe I will be able to throw a little patronage he way , get the man a job diggin’ ditch or round up stray dog . delmar be the marriage off then , miz wharvey ? penny mcgill . no , the marriage will take place as plan . everett just a little change of cast . I and the little lady be gonna pick up the piece and retie the knot , mixaphorically speakin' . you boy be invite , of course . Hell , you be best man ! already get the ring . he raise penny 's leave hand with he own to display they wedding band — but penny 's finger be bare . everett where 's you ring , honey ? penny I be not wear it since we divorce come through . it must still be in the rolltop in the old cabin . never think I would need it ; Vernon buy one encrust with jewel . everett Hell , now 's the time to buy it off he cheap . penny we be not gettin’ marry with he ring ! you say you would change ! everett aw , honey , we ring be just a old pewter thing — penny ai not gonna be no weddin' . everett it 's just a symbol , honey - penny no weddin' . delmar we will go fetch it with ya , Everett . everett honey , it 's just - shutup , delmar - it 's just - penny I have speak my piece and count to three . she walk off . everett oh , goddamnit ! she count to three ! sonofabitch ! you know how far that cabin be ?! his attention , and everyone else 's , be draw by a procession on the street below . a crowd carry torch jog behind a man in clanking leg iron and wrist manacle who be be escort by four policeman trot alongside , they nightstick hold across they chest in riot-ready formation Everett and the rest of the soggy bottom boy descend the last couple of step to meet the oncoming criminal . delmar cry out : delmar George ! it be indeed George Nelson , grin and game despite he heavy restraint . GEORGE ' lo , boy ! well , this little man finally catch up with the criminal a the century ! look like the chair for George Nelson . yup ! gonna electrify I ! I be gonna go off like a Roman candle ! twenty thousand volt chasin ' the rabbit through yours truly ! gonna shoot spark out the top of my head and lightning from my fingertip ! as he pass he turn to call back over he shoulder : GEORGE yessir ! gonna suck all the power right outa the state ! goddamn , boy I be on top of the world ! i'm GEORGE nelson and i'm feelin ' ten feet tall delmar , smile , shake he head as he watch he go delmar look like George be right back on top again . black in the black we hear snuffling , grow louder , closer slobberier . a crack of light . we be inside a cupboard . its door be be nose open by a eagerly sniff snout as the door swing wide the inside of the cupboard be wash with light . it contain , next to a tangle bunch of hairnet several neatly stack tin of dapper Dan pomade piney wood Everett , Pete , delmar and Tommy be walk through the wood everett well , at least you boy will get to see the old manse - the home where I spend so many happy day in the bosom of my family - a refugium , if you will - with a mighty oak tree out front and a happy little tire swing ... they emerge into a clear . the cabin stand before they it be indeed a peaceful - look haven with a mighty oak tree in front . there be , however , no tire swing ; instead , three noose hang from one stout limb delmar where 's the happy little tire swing ? two shotgun-wield goons fall in behind the four man and push they forward . move forward reveal , next to the oak tree , three fresh - dig grave . stand at the far lip of each grave be a rough pine coffin . the sheriff with mirrore sunglass , cooley , step off the porch , the drool hound at he heel cooley end of the road , boy . it 's have its twist and turn - everett waitaminute - cooley - but now it deposit you here . the goons be shove they toward the tree . Three gravediggers , have just finish they work , emerge from the three grave . they be shirtless black man with bandannas round they neck . everett waitaminute - cooley you have elude fate - and elude I - for the last time . tie they hand , boy . everett you can not do this - cooley do not know you would be bringin’ a friend . well , he will have to wait he turn - everett hang on there - cooley - and share one of you grave . everett you can not do this - we just be pardon ! by the governer himself delmar it go out over the radio ! cooley be that right ? the leer goons , who have be lash the men' wrist behind they back , pause , they sadism stymy . they look to cooley for guidance . so too do the drool hound . silence . finally : cooley +++ too bad we do not have a radio . the goons recover they leer grin and resume they happy task . the gravediggers stand next to the grave , lean on they shovel . they begin to sing a slow and dirgelike ' you have get to walk that lonesome Valley 's . sweat glisten on they and trickle down they face like tear . pete God have mercy ! tommy : it be not fittin' ! everett it be not the law ! cooley the law . well the law be a human institution . cooley give the faintest smile . cooley perhaps you should take a moment for you prayer . pete oh my God ! Everett ! delmar I be sorry we get you into this , Tommy . pete good Lord , what do we do ? Pete be in tear . Tommy be terrify . delmar bow he head to silently pray . Everett bow he head as well . he murmur : everett oh Lord , please look down and recognize we poor sinner ... please Lord ... the sing of the gravediggers begin a mournful swell everett ... I just want to see my daughter again . oh Lord , I have be separate from my family for so long ... the mournfully building song be now support by a bass more palpable than audible — the song , it seem , rise out of the earth itself everett +++ I know I have be guilty of pride and sharp deal . I be sorry that I turn my back on you , Lord . please forgive I , and help we , Lord , and I swear I will mend my way ... for the sake of my family ... for Tommy 's sake , and delmar 's , and Pete 's ... the rumble be building . everett ... let I see my daughter again . please , Lord , help we ... please help use . the rumble erupt into a deafen roar a wall of water be crash through the hollow . it engulf everything and everybody . the cabin itself be rip away ; the soggy bottom boy be knock off they foot and all be noise and confusion underwater a silent world . Everett tumble in the current in natural slow motion . suspend around he be score of tin of dapper Dan pomade other object spin slowly by ; frame sepia-tinted family portrait , tree limb , a fishing pole , a outhouse door , a fry pan , a noose , a old banjo , the wild - eye frantically paddle bloodhound , a tire with a rope tie around it . further downhill the churn torrent open into a lowland to become a newly create river , fast - move but no longer violent after a beat of hold on the rippling water , the surface be break by the up - bob of a pine coffin the coffin float downstream for a beat and then Everett pop out of the water next to it , gasp for air , shaking he head clear of water , and move he shoulder to finish freeing himself from the rope round he wrist Pete and delmar emerge nearby , gasp for air the man hang onto the coffin , which bear they downstream daze , they look around . the inundate valley show only the occasional roof - or treetop poke out of the newly form river . all be quiet except for the gurgle of water . delmar a miracle ! it be a miracle ! everett aw , do not be ignorant , delmar . I tell you they be gonna flood this valley . delmar that be not it ! pete we pray to God and he pity we ! everett it just never fail ; once again you two hayseed be showin’ how much you want for innalect . there 's a perfectly scientific explanation for what just happen - pete that be not the tune you be singin’ back there at the gallow ! everett well any human be will cast about in a moment of stress . no , the fact be , they be flooding this valley so they can hydro - electric up the whole durn state ... Everett wax smug : everett yessir , the South be gonna change . everything 's gonna be put on electricity and run on a payin 's basis out with the old spiritual mumbo - jumbo , the superstition and the backward way . we be gonna see a brave new world where they run everyone a wire and hook we all up to a grid . yessir , a veritable age of reason - like the one they have in France - and not a moment too soon ... his voice trail off as he notice something . a cottonhouse in the middle of the river be submerge to its eave . a cow have take refuge on its roof . it stand stare at Everett , who return the stare . he shake off the vision and clear he throat everett not a moment too soon . say , there 's Tommy ! Tommy have indeed just surface downstream , cling to a half - submerge piece of furniture . everett what you ridin ' there , Tommy ? the furniture beneath he begin to rotate in the current and , to keep he head above water , Tommy climb in place like a hamster on a wheel . as the chest expose its ribbed upper half : tommy rolltop desk ... STREET Everett and penny walk arm in arm , the seven wharvey gal behind . the girl sing ' angel Band ' as the grow - up talk everett all 's well that end well , as the poet say . penny that 's right , honey . everett but I do not mind tell you , I be awful pleased my adventure day be at a end ... he fumble in he pocket everett .+. time for this old boy to enjoy some repose . penny that 's good , honey . everett and you be right about that ring . any other weddin ' band would not do but this -here be foreordained , honey ; fate be a-smilin ' on I , and ya have to have confidence — he be slip it onto she hand . penny that 's not my ring . everett — in the god — huh ? penny that 's not my ring . everett not you ... penny that 's one of aunt hurlene 's . everett you say it be in the rolltop desk ! penny I say I think it be in the rolltop desk . everett you say - penny or , it might a be under the mattress . everett you - penny or in my chiffonier . I do not know . Everett shake he head . everett well , I be sorry honey - penny well , we need that ring . everett well now honey , that ring be at the bottom of a pretty durn big lake penny uh-huh . everett a 9,000 - hectacre lake , honey penny I do not care if it 's ninety thousand . everett yes , but honey - penny that be not my do ... indignation quicken she pace . Everett keep up , and the two be pull forward out of frame everett course not , honey , but ... we be now on the wharvey gal who follow in a rag bunch , still sing . from somewhere distant , through the song , we can just hear a rhythmic clack of metal on metal . the second - to- last girl be the oldest ; she hold a piece of string along which we travel , still listen to penny and Everett , off : penny I count to three , honey everett well sure , honey , but ... we reach the end of the piece of string ; it be wrap around the waist of the toddler , who linger in frame . she gaze down a quiet street at the edge of town that end in a open field . everett ... find one little ring in the middle of all that water ... his voice , and that of the sing girl , recede everett «+. that be one hell of a heroic task the string be give a tug and the little girl waddle out of frame . a train track be thus reveal in the distance . the rhythmic clack be from the hand - pump flatcar . the blind seer pump the car along the distant track , sing harmony under the wharvey gal 's recede voice the end