oblivion written by William monahan current revision by Karl gajdusek base on the story by Joseph kosinski draft : March 27 , 2011 1. fade in : ext . the planet - morning huge mountain , destroy structure . building envelop by flow of earth . awe -inspire beauty . jack ( v.o . ) they arrive almost half a century ago . alien , scav , whatever you want to call they . they idea of how - do- you - do be to blow up we moon . giant waterfall crash where lava cool through iron and concrete . telephone poll half - bury in sand . jack ( v.o . ) without she moon , the earth go insane . most be kill in the flood , as the city come down , as everything catch fire . a year later they ground troops land , to exterminate whoever be leave . a station wagon half protrude from a lava flow . a child 's plastic flip - flop on the dash . jack ( v.0 . ) they be probably surprised , what we be willing to do , to survive . we use the nuke . ( beat ) we win the war , but lose the planet . low on the horizon , the tet rise with the sun . it 's a white tetrahedron ( six - side ) space station that circle the earth once a day , like a artificial moon . jack ( v.0 . ) humanity have to flee the Earth . we have to unlearn what it mean , to call something we home . now we live on the Tet , we man-made moon . a temporary home before the next step . everyone 's there now . ( beat ) well , almost everyone . 2 . int . bedrooom - morning a alarm chirp . a man 's hand reach out of bed , silence it . the man swing he foot onto the floor . he sit with he face in he hand , waking up . we hear a shower running . he look up . a woman shower near he , only steam glass wall between they . she see he , smile at he , without modesty . he look back at she . over title . we watch a familiar morning routine : int . a home - morning bathroom . the man flick on a light , stare at himself in the mirror . this be jack . early 40' , a good face that enjoy rugge live . Tan and weathered skin . his eye be curious , kind , almost child - like . the woman squeeze in next to he , victoria . 30 , a tom - boy shock of red hair , towel around she neck . she brushes she tooth . kitchen . Victoria watch the coffee drip , bite toast . shower . Jack let warm water blast he in the face . ready room . Jack pull a wear high - tech workman 's suit from a locker , revealing a photo tape to the door : it 's of he and Victoria , young , in a white - wall high - tech corridor , smile eager at the camera . he stare at it for a moment , close the locker door . kitchen . Victoria hand Jack he coffee . he kiss the top of she head , head out to work . ext . sky tower - continuous he walk out onto the deck of a futuristic home perch 1,200 foot in the air , literally above the cloud . as we mind be blow , Jack move away from the glass - wall home towards he bubbleship , a futuristic - cross between a Bell 47 helicopter and a jet fighter , and we crane up up up ... incredible vertigo until we be look down at this impossible structure . Jack , climb into he ship . title card : " oblivion " 3. ext . the sky - day the sky stretch to infinity above roiling planetary cloud-cover . the bubbleship streak through we frame , drop faster than free fall . int . bubbleship - continuous through the canopy of the bubbleship : the cloud cover below seem to fall upward at we , that 's how fast we be diving . there 's a small wear bobble - head on the dash which vibrate with the ship . Jack be un - phase by the drop , touch a few control . victoria ( v.o . ) good morning , Jack . I will be you flight attendant for the day . this be day ... three thousand two hundred and twenty five , in case you be wonder . jack be run instrument . a day at work .. victoria today we will be run support on five resource gatherer work the seaboard . coordinate come to you ... now . please do confirm . on Jack 's head - up display , five icon glow to life . jack yeah , I get them . you get them , Bob ? the bobblehead bob . int . sky tower , control station - continuous victoria watch the bubbleship 's icon on a screen . she 's now wear a work jumpsuit open over a man 's undershirt . she have a natural ease with tech and stress . she sip she coffee , punch up a feed , multi-task with cool . victoria drone perimeter defense be intact , although one go offline last night . how 's the drop ? ( continued ) 4. continued : jack oh , you know . same ole ' same . in front of Victoria , almost a hundred year of technological advance . most prominent a map overlaid with environmental , meteorological , radiation level ... other screen stream cam -footage from the bubbleship . victoria alright , you be blind in five , four , three ... intercut with jack in the bubbleship . jack watch the cloud wall rush up at he . victoria ( cont 'd ) two ... one ... jack you should come with I sometime . victoria no , thank you . have a nice ride . the bubbleship hit cloud , go completely blind . just vapor and water hammering the canopy like bullet . on the head - up display , gps number roll . the readout deal with climate , terrain below ... even in this hell , Jack take the control , start to pilot on instrument . one of Victoria 's board flash . she squint as a large Mass form near Jack 's ship . victoria ( cont 'd ) Jack , you get some weather on you five , close . the bubbleship be vibrate , buffete . jack what do you call this ? what do a storm look like inside a storm ? like this . the wall of weather come out of the wind and rain from behind Jack 's ship , simply eat it up . suddenly Jack 's go end over end , helpless . warning light flash . Jack punch control that will not respond . jack ( cont 'd ) ( hum to himself ) " I have get sunshine ... ( more ) ( continued ) 5 . continued : ( 2 ) jack ( cont 'd ) on a cloudy day . when it 's cold outside I have get the month of May ... " Victoria watch the readout , helpless . jack ( cont 'd ) ( still singing ) " I guess you would say ... what can make I feel this way ? " ( a little tense ) okay , Bob . need you to work with I here . in the bubbleship , Jack work the display , literally smack a panel with he fist . suddenly , the bubbleship surge with power . Jack regains control as : int / ext . bubbleship - continuous the bubbleship burst through low cloud , hurtle down past turbulence into ... the sky above a beautiful desolate planet . mysterious black sand dune , active volcanoe , swirl orange and gold sediment , steaming bright blue hot spring and rich brown crater . Jack take a moment to marvel at it all . jack ( under he breath ) " talkin ' ' bout my girl ... " Jack shift the bubbleship , in the distance a series of resource-gatherers on the horizon . essentially titanic vacuum , suck up the ocean . in front of she console , victoria chart the gatherer , and the patrol arc of they defensive drone . one blink , stall . victoria okay , we have get another drone down last night . jack send it . number FIRE across the head - up . Jack touch a button . a bar gauge begin to fill , like a street racer turn on the nox before drag ... ( continued ) 6 . continued : victoria would you like to set a course to reserve fuel ? jack ( SMALL smile ) absolutely not . bar gaucre hit top . Jack punch it . jack vibrate in he seat , pin back . the ship scream over the surface , follow the signal . now a huge crater open up in front of he which he drop into , barely miss a edge ... which seem to have architecture to it . the ship skim close along the wall which be reveal to be row and row of stadium seat , half bury in sand . we be in Giants Stadium , New Jersey . Old news to Jack . he survey below ... jack ( cont 'd ) I see it , look like full mid - flight impact . what be its last destination ? below , through blow dust , we see a drone , a spherical mechanical weapon , plunge into the sand . victoria yo no se . no data . it 's not transmit . ( check the map ) Tet coverage will go live in 11 minute . Jack stare forward at a huge break sign : " Home of the 2015 World champion ... " jack you know , I actually read about this game . Giants be literally on they own seven with 25 second on the clock ... victoria please do not reminisce on my comm , thank you very much . he put the bubbleship into a soft descent . Victoria observe it on she console . ( continued ) 7. continued : ( 2 ) victoria ( cont 'd ) negative , technician . I have no eye in the sky for another ten minute . do not land . see from inside a stadium tunnel : the bubbleship land thirty yard from the drone , moor itself by set spike from its skid . blow sand whip around both . int . bubbleship - continuous jack grab a old yankee cap from between the seat and slide it on backwards . he hoist a weapon , a carbine - size gun on a sling , and check its charge as he slide the door open . he 's blasted with sand and wind which now suddenly still , like a freight train that 's pass . jack anyway ... qb let off this mile - high bomb ... the weather 's fast and erratic like this . as Jack start move towards the drone , a heavy mist form , shroud it in grey . there 's almost no sound , just Jack 's foot on earth ... jack ( cont 'd ) the thing just sail the length of the field . Victoria anxiously check a screen , the arc of the Tet 's " vision " still not cover Jack 's location . victoria Jack I have no scope . the Tet be still offline . he pause . a faint sound on the wind ... like a whine . jack and at the one yard line ... interception . devastation . it 's all over . ext . stadium - continuous light connect to the ship 's two automatic gun reach from the hull of the bubbleship , backlight jack as he reach the down drine . ( continued ) 8. continued : the drone , a spectacular piece of technology , have land hard , half - bury in the sand . the basic electronics be still hum , cycle . jack but the guy 's too eager . he start run it back . everyone 's yell " fall down , just fall down ! " Jack go to he knee , examine it , he hand expertly locate a empty tube- like space on the side of the drone . jack ( cont 'd ) huh ... the fuel - cell have be take . victoria what do you mean take ? be it a malfunction ? Jack look at the case ... beat , pried open ? he glance at the ground around he , the dark tunnel . reverse angle . from inside a cave - in tunnel entrance , Jack look small , vulnerable . something watch Jack ... jack no ... it 's a master drine , too . 166 . look like it be hit mid flight , manage to limp its way here . watch my back , I be start field repair . intercut : victoria at sky tower . glance at the arc of the Tet 's vision - still six minute away . jack ( cont 'd ) Bob , I be go to need a cell . at the bubbleship . a exterior compartment open revealing spare part , etc ... at the same time , a small rover , a ball - shape independent gopher , roll free from the ship , sprout wheel ... victoria Jack , you need to get out of there . bring it home to the shop . Jack have a panel open . he pull a lead from the sleeve of he suit , connect it to a board . we see flight data transfer to the bubbleship . ( continued ) 9 continued : ( 2 ) jack so the guy keep run . 30 , 40 , 50 yard and bam ! he get paste . Ball go loose ... victoria Jack , you know they can weaponize a fuel cell . now a driver shoot out of the tool cuff of he suit . jack ( starting work ) and would not you know it , Giants recover , start run it back . total insanity . victoria I be read the whole central core off alignment , you do not have the necessary tool . Jack 's get a arm and half he chest inside . he take he chewing gum , press it in next to a board ... system go green on Victoria 's console . victoria ( cont 'd ) hold on , what do you just do ? jack ( call to the ship ) Bob , I say I need ... he turn to find that the rover be already there , a deuterium fuel cell sit in its payload bay . a SOUND now reach Jack . distant , a animal in pain ? Jack listen , but it 's go . he slot the cell . a hummmm as the drone power up , system come online . Jack look around at the stadium . jack ( cont 'd ) can you imagine it ? 80,000 people on they foot . everyone yell " go! go! go !... " touchdown ... he set he gun against the drone , raise he arm , run in a circle , make the crowd roar sound ... jack ( cont 'd ) " yahhhhhhhhhhhhhh ... . " ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 3 ) intercut victoria : listen to he stadium cheer sound over the comm . she rest she head in she hand . with jack . the empty ruin structure stare back . reality return , sadly ... he reach for the open fuel cell door ... hesitates , hat what come next ... and that SOUND come again . distinctive . a animal 's whimper ... int . stadium tunnel - moment later Jack stand at the tunnel entrance , shine a light into the depth . the sound be clear now , a low whimpering . Jack make he way down the tunnel , carefully . ahead , the tunnel meet the circular tunnel that ring the stadium . his light play over the silty floor , find : a dog . starve , shiver . it cower in a corner . jack hey there , boy . easy ... Jack move forward , hand out . jack ( cont 'd ) you get nothing to be scared of , buddy ... the dog suddenly scurry away into the dark behind jack , a huge form rise . we see grey skin , teeth ... and Jack hear its heavy labored breath ... jack ( cont 'd ) ah , shi ... jack sprint , full speed ! the animal , a giant emaciated hairless bear , come surging out of the darkness , lumber after he . Jack tear back down the tunnel , the bear 's form almost filling the tunnel behind he . ext . stadium - continuous we hear jack before we see he . a loud " ahhhhhhhh '.!!!! " as Jack come streaking out of the tunnel , the bear on he heel . ( continued ) 11 . continued : view from above : Jack streak down the field , 50 , 40 , 30 .. the giant bear close ... with jack . he can see the drine in front of he , the fuel cell door still hang open . he put on a burst of speed but stumble , slide on he chest , arm outstretch towards the drone as the bear leap ! he reach , flip the drone 's fuel cell door shut . drone 166 reactivate . it surge up , weapon powering up and rrrrrrrrrrrrip !! it open up with white plasma fire on the bear which seem to go nova in mid air , disintegrate to black ash which cover Jack . Jack stumble to he foot . drone 166 now wheel on he . its smoking red-hot cannon inch from he face . jack avert he gaze as the drone scan Jack . breathe hard , hat this moment . with its ganglia still hang out , it do not seem to be processing ... and then just as quickly , the drone rocket up into the sky and be go . Jack fall to he knee in the sand , exhaust . only now realize that Victoria have be call he name . victoria Jesus , Jack . what the hell be that ? intercut victoria . the Tet 's scanner finally give she a high - rez thermal view of Jack . her display burn red from the residual plasma fire . jack ( spitting ash ) call in number 166 for service up top . it 's practically get its motherboard and half its hydraulics hang out . ( under he breath ) but it still want to kill everybody ... victoria Jack , what happen ? nowtrudge to the ship : jack I will see you at the house later . you want anything ? milk ? bread ? anything else that do not exist ? ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) victoria you . he lean against the ship . smile tired . it 's a nice thing to hear . jack well if you want anybody else , you be out of luck . he board the bubbleship . victoria we only have two more month , Jack . please try to resist the urge to do something stupid . ( beat ) there 's no other service signal . come home . on victoria . a relationship off balance . she want he home . he want ... jack no ... on jack . the capture drone data right there in front of he on the head - up . he 's too curious . jack ( cont 'd ) that master drone be hit right over mid-town . same area as the one we lose last night . ext . hillside -- later jack bubbleship , lock and armed , sit atop a ridge , against the bruise and lightning - fracture sky . Jack scan the horizon with he binocs , past desert landscape , a early iron-framed skyscraper that come down semi-intact on its side . nothing . he lower the binocs , glance upwards to where one of the huge resource gatherer blot out half the sky , breath - take . it 's hover over what be leave of a subside harbor , a few blast and rusted hulk of ship . the water level have drop by a kilometer . ( continued ) 13 . continued : the gatherer be suck up salt water , harvest the element essential to create deuterium , " heavy hydrogen . " at the top of the giant machine , drone work tirelessly , ferry container of deuterium energy up into the sky . Jack raise the binocs , snap a few photograph ... victoria there 's no drone signal there . ( beat ) what be you do , Jack ? jack one day when we get to Mars , someone will want to know about this . from someone who be here . he stare at the huge column of water drain upwards . jack ( cont 'd ) do we have to take it all ? victoria it 's not do anyone any good here . jack nod , start to turn away when something glint on the horizon . he raise the binocs , pan to a gallow - like structure . he zoom , but it be still unclear . victoria ( cont 'd ) Jack , without a signal , you be look for a needle in a haystack . I think we have have enough excitement for one day . jack be at the back of the bubbleship , throw lever . jack actually I have get a bit of a problem with a gyro here , call you when I have fix it . he release a catch , pull a white rectangular case from a slot in the bubbleship . he kneel down , hand work expertly , produce a full unfolding motorcycle . as Jack lock the rear wheel in place , the bike humm to life . he get on and open up the throttle , rooster - tailing off . the bike 's electric , but it move . ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 2 ) jack ride over what use to be the sea-b , soaking up the thrill of catch top speed air over embankment of black sand . completely carefree , enjoy himself like a man who be utterly and completely alone . ext . sink hole - day something be here . a large metal beam have be propped onto rock , stretch over ... a collapsed section of earth . this be the source of the light reflection . Jack stare down into the hole ... black . he pop a flare , drop it in . it come to rest far below , next to the unmistakable form of a drone . jack . there you be . a instant of black ... and we be suddenly look at Jack through alien binoculars . High tech , symbol readout change . something be watch he . int . sink hole - day Inside the hole , look up . a climbing rope spill towards camera . we descend with Jack , all the way down into the hole , the light recede above . he touch he suit and a light array blaze on , illuminate the wall pass by . int . library -- day Jack drop down through what use to be a roof ... into the reading room of the new york public library . vast , ruin , the far end totally collapse , like a sky - scraper fall on it . he reach the silty floor , the flare 's burn light illuminate the room . he stare at the expanse of shelve that line the wall , stripped and empty . wonder ... and disappointment . he turn to he task , kneel by the drone . the thing 's a wreck . a metal shaft protrude from a crease . Jack marvel at the accuracy of the shot ... he carefully reach out , slide the fuel cell door open . again , the fuel cell be miss . ( continued ) 15 continued : jack vika , you be not go to believe ... white noise on the comm . there 's no signal down here . ext . hillside -- continuous the static bubbleship sit inert . victoria on the comm Jack ? Jack ... ? int . sky tower , control station - continuous Victoria , worried . finally , she turn to the tet comm . a station reserve for high - tech , long - range communication with the home base . a status indicator , and a screen for text communication . tet comm status : " communication enabled . " victoria Mission , this be Lieutenant Victoria kohl , request drone intercept at coordinate send now . her audio go through a scrambling process , then be upload where a few second later its receipt be acknowledge : status : " approved . " she stare up at the map , see one of the drone turn towards Jack 's location . she settles back , watch . int . library - day jack look up and see how the drone be bring down : above it be a twisted tangle of chain - mesh and cable strung between two structure , a drone trap . movement from the darkness . Jack spin , he gun come off he back in a fluid motion . just the empty cavern , the wreckage at the end . Jack squint at ... a wall of book on the shelf beyond the wreckage . jack . jackpot . ( continued ) 16 . continued : he step forward ... almost fall into a giant hole ! he raise the flare off the ground , illuminate a void where the entire floor have implode down seven more storey . what 's leave be a pit , with a building - size ton of twisted metal hang over it ... a single bent girder still span the hole . Jack track the possibility ... step out onto the girder . he reach up to the suspend wreckage to balance ... it shift ! a hundred ton of twisted metal just move a inch above he . best leave that alone ... he balance , inching across this metal tightrope . finally reach the other side ... at the far shelve Jack approach the wall of book , hundred of they . he kneel , lift one , blow dust off the cover : " the education of henry adam . " he step back , admire it ... SNAP ! a bear trap hide in the debris close around he leg , pierce armor and flesh . Jack have a second to process and a cable rise from the debris , go teach ! jack be drag through the dust inhumanly fast , head towards a darken alcove . he activate a laser cutter on he cuff , slice through the cable which whip away as he bring he rifle up , fire round into the darkness . inhuman scream . half animal , half electronic . something 's in pain , but not retreate , close on he . Jack slice down , cut loose the claw , and run for it back towards the hole as he girder be yank away in front of he , pull into the void below . Jack do not slow , reach the edge , leap ! a moment , Jack hang in space , gravity claw at he , fall ... slamming into the far side . for a moment dangle over the fall , then Jack haul himself over the far side . alien form emerge from recess . we get glimpsis of feather , oily flesh , metal ... they close as he reach he line , clip in and rise automatically , the suit riding the line up at neck -snapp speed ... ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 2 ) above . the line tremble under he weight and stress ... a knife , improvise from bone and sheet metal , enter the frame and cut the line . Jack have a second to feel the slack hit . and then he 's falling ... impact the ground . can not get he air . stagger wildly to he foot , form close ... suddenly a drone blast down through the ceiling hole . its light turn night to day , its cannon firing . in the strobing flash of canon fire , we see scavs incinerated . Metal and hair fry to ash as the insect - like creature scream !! other shot impact wall . Fire and plaster dust fill the space . Jack shield himself from the debris as the drone cease fire , whirl on Jack . the same awful moment as it scan he . then it lift away , be go as quickly as it arrive . and with its departure , the darkness come again . silence , whatever be here be now go . Jack take in the destruction for a hard beat : the ash of a alien , burn paper twist in the air . he look up towards the light above . a long way above . ext . sink hole - later Jack appear , dirty - face , filthy and frustrated , crawl , lug he own weight up through the sink hole . finally back to the surface . he shake himself off ... notice he bike have be take . jack ( ad- libbing expletive ) that be my bike !! he kick at the dust , the rock , curse at the pain as he 's remind of he injure leg . he stare at the long walk ahead , the wall of wind and rain that now hit he , soaking he . he start walk . 18 . ext . bubbleship - dusk the debris in the air make for spectacular sunset . Jack 's bubbleship burst from the low cloud , carry Jack home after the long day . we see the " planetary ring " form by the rubble from the destroy moon . int . bubbleship - continuous Jack marvel at the ring , thoughtful . but then check he read-out . Victoria know what he 's look for . victoria check you seven . Jack touch he control and the bubbleship canopy revolve so Jack 's face away from the direction he 's travel in . low on the horizon , the tet float in the sky . it 's set , glow a dull orange , like a harvest Moon . intercut victoria . she 's lean back in she command chair , she foot propped on the console , also stare out at the tet. strangely quiet . in Jack 's face a curious mixture of nostalgia , and confusion ... this small metal planet be he home . jack goodnight , folk ... see you back here tomorrow . same time , same channel ... he punch the throttle , and scream across the top of the cloud through the beautiful light , arrive at ... ext . sky tower , landing pad - continuous the glass wall of the sky tower reflect the bubbleship as it land . hook catch the landing rocker of the bubbleship and lock it down against the buffete wind . int . shower - dusk Jack drop the last piece of he environment suit . he touch a button and warm water spray down . through the glass , he can see Victoria inside the Sky Tower . she nod at he , a tense welcome home . he nod back . there be no privacy in the Sky Tower . ( continued ) 19 . continued : as the glass wall go opaque with steam , he close he eye , the water run over he face . pop of memories go through he imagination : sky tower . early in they tour , Victoria girlishly jump on the sofa with a pint of ice cream , laugh . bedroom . also early . Jack watch Victoria sleep , brushes hair from she face , affectionate ... and the memory ... seem to distort . suddenly become : the new york skyline , see through a cheap telescope . Jack , pull away from the telescope , happy , turn to ... a brunette woman , stare back at he . Jack start , snap out of the memory . int . sky tower , storage area - dusk row and row of shelf , mainly empty now . Jack and Victoria have go through almost all of what they need for a 5 - year tour . Jack grab a container of water . int . sky tower , ready room - moment later Jack start to hang up he workman 's suit , pause to stare at the photo of a young he and Victoria on the Tet . they look so eager , so innocent . he shift slightly to where he can see out to the Tet itself , sink below the horizon . int . sky tower 2 , work area - dusk the area be devote to drone repair . lift , part , shelf , odd and end of gear and weaponry , table of tool , a write - off drone at the back . Jack come in , glance at he newest arrival , the self - beach drone 166 . even deactivate , it look like trouble , like pure evil . he open a drawer , slip the education of henry adam into the drawer , shut it . 20 . int . sky tower , live area - dusk we finally see the whole thing . it could not be more comfortable , although it continually vibrate in the wind : victoria be sit , read she own work note . in the background , chaplin 's " modern Times " play silently on a large screen . jack go up behind she and kiss she on the head . victoria ( not look at he ) you be not suppose to bring up surface item . jack sip water , then wait even longer before ... jack no . I be not suppose to bring they in the house . he 's right . he exchange he water for a glass of something stronger , and go and sit down . victoria I try to reach you earlier ... if we be go to be a effective team -- jack you be right . victoria then you can not just -- Jack leap up , only to return a second later with a small bundle hold together by a old rag . he hand it to she , pleased , watch she reaction . she open it to reveal a small GREEN seedling in a pocket of fresh , rich soil . her eye play over it ... victoria ( cont 'd ) where do you find this ? jack ah-ha . so it 's okay when I bring you something . but if I -- she move suddenly , open one of the glass door of the Sky Tower and head outside where she hold the seedling away from she body , off the edge , let it drop . ( continued ) 21 . continued : she come back in , wash she hand in the sink , upset . jack ( cont 'd ) be that really necessary ? victoria I know you think I be a stickler for the rule , but you have no idea what sort of toxin could be in something like that . he chuckle ... victoria ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , I do not think it 's funny . jack it be just a plant , Victoria . victoria that 's not the point . we have two more month and the last thing we need be you put it all at risk . he shake he head , grimace as he limp away . victoria ( cont 'd ) ( concerned ) you be hurt . what happen ? he admit it with a glance , offer no explanation . she come over to he , examine the wound professionally . victoria ( cont 'd ) come on . tnt . infirmary BAY - dusk it be tiny , but state of the art . victoria seriously examine he wound , clean it out . it 's no small wound but they be less concerned than we would be . Victoria pull on glove , open cabinet and remove a watery substance as well as a small electronic wand . she smear the substance onto he wound , a healant . victoria this be gonna pinch a little ... ( continued ) 22 . continued : jack hit I . she activate the wand , shine ultra violet light onto the substance . a beat , then he bend over in pain . through the healant we see the flesh begin to knit and repair . skin and sinew literally regenerate ... to new . victoria ( affectionate ) serve you right . she kiss he on the forehead , turn away . int . sky tower , dine room - later wine be involved , candle . Victoria be mellower , much . this be a couple who know each other 's difference and admire they . this be not a argument . victoria . I be not say you can not go into you cavern , I be say we have a job and if I be try to reach you and you be off on one of you adventure -- jack look , they train I to fix drone . that 's my job , I get that . but it 's not what I be . I can not simply do the same thing over and over again , every day , with that ... world down there . ( toast the sky ) and if mission have a better drone tech , they can get he to baby - sit . he get up , try out he leg . stiff , but heal . victoria it 's only a little while longer . the gatherer 's have collect most of the resource we need for Mars . pretty soon -- jack pretty soon , there will not be anything leave down there . no more plant life , no more water . ( more ) ( continued ) 23 . continued : jack ( cont 'd ) so forgive I if I want to enjoy it a little before the end . victoria you act like there 's not a war go on down there but there be and we can not leave even two of that thing alive ... ( no response ) dammit , Jack . they nearly kill you today . they eat in silence for a moment , then : jack actually , it be like they be try to ... catch I . ( try to joke ) guess I look tasty . he go over to she , put he arm around she . victoria please be careful . if they get to you , what happen to I ? jack put a finger to she lip , then kiss she . victoria ( cont 'd ) answer the question . Jack consider this . then he pull he shirt off over he head . for sex ? victoria ( cont 'd ) ( pleading ) Jack . jack come on . ext . swimming pool - night talk about a infinity pool . the pool be mile in the sky , with a glass bottom . the cold wind be constant overhead but heater flare with the change in temperature , compensate . Jack glide graceful underwater , he nude form silhouett against the roiling dark cloud below . he surface near Victoria , who 's stay dress on the edge with a glass of wine . ( continued ) 24 . continued : he kiss she , steal a sip of she wine , then push back into the water , look up at the star , the stream moon -rubble above . victoria can you imagine when we go back up ? have a face to face conversation again ? I can not believe it 's finally end . ( toasting he ) we make it . Jack look away ... jack it 's not so bad down here . they certainly do not have anything like this . victoria I wonder what duty I would have pull . probably programming the Mars boat . jack I would have be overhaul the zero - G toilet . ( she laugh ) I be serious , it 's dangerous work . I mean , you think you have control of the situation . he swim closer . she smile , he press on . jack ( cont 'd ) but then you realize , there be some thing that be never suppose to happen in zero G. victoria stop ! jack it 's awful . just think about it , I get afraid ... she laugh , reach for she wine , accidentally knock the glass which tip over , and roll right off the Sky Tower . they watch it disappear into the darkness below . jack ( cont 'd ) ocop . ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 2 ) victoria ( suddenly ) I have be happy here . with you . ( watch water fall from she hand ) I can not remember zero gravity . physically . can you ? jack here , let I show you ... he reach up pull she into the pool . she scream , laugh as she go in . she surface , pull she soaking shirt over she head and toss it to the side . victoria I should have see that come . Jack smile , then take a breath and go under . he float face - down , stare through the bottom of the pool into the lighten - stung cloud below ... .and then Victoria 's form glide underneath he , look up at he , smile . she stop move and she body rise towards he . he open he arm , and she float up and against he . they embrace , kiss ... two body , intertwined underwater , a thousand foot above a roiling thunderstorm . they lip part , he pull back to look at she ... but it 's the brunette woman who stare back at he !! int . sky tower , bedroom -- late night Jack wake , breathless , troubled . he do not know this woman who invade he dream ... next to he , Victoria lie asleep , curl in the sheet . shaken , he quietly get up , grab clothes ... and go where he go when Victoria be asleep ... int . sky tower , workshop area - night Jack move to a bench where he keep he find ... a few coin , a watch , a pistol , a snow globe show the nativity . a book : the lay of ancient rome . jack produce he newest find from the library : the education of henry adam . he open it . ( continued ) 26 . continued : . he be three year old when he take this earliest step in education ; a lesson of color . the second follow soon ; a lesson of taste ... on he eye as he read : . he remember quite clearly he aunt enter the sick room bear in she hand a saucer with a baked apple . he put the book down , strangely troubled . tnt . sky tower , comand CENTER - late night the console sit inert , unattend . suddenly , a blip radiate on the map , its origin elsewhere . a signal . ext . deep space - no time a NASA shuttle float in deep space , a recognizable design from we time . int . space shuttle - no time empty , dark . frozen crystalline dust hang in the air . the ship be dead . suddenly a panel " blip " on . other system go active . the ship be waking up . there 's a visible rumble as the engine prime ... further back , in the hold . rows of delta sleep pod . we close on one ... and the shuttle's giant engine erupt in FIRE . int . sky tower , bedroom - morning Jack 's eye blink open , waking from another dream . he sit up , troubled . ext . sky tower - dawn Victoria work in she garden . she grow perfect , blemishless rose . the roof be open to the sky . Victoria make a small depression in the earth , tap three seed out of a label envelope . ( continued ) 27 continued : jack come through , kiss she . then move off towards he work . victoria do not go out today until we get a signal . Jack look back . she 's never say this before . she 's genuinely worried . jack . then what would you say in you report ? Victoria look away , stick . jack ( cont 'd ) I can not get to a site fast enough unless I be already out there . you know that . he turn , disappear through the glass mechanical door . ext . sky tower - moment later jack suit up and get into the bubbleship and for the first time we see the startup procedure . jack one , two , three. Jack harper . light sparkle across the board . activation sound . Jack hit switch . outside , protective barrier lower . the stratospheric wind vibrate the bubbleship . jack ( cont 'd ) what say we have a little fun today , Bob ? the bobblehead vibrate along with the engine . intercut victoria put on she headset . victoria ( on comm ) what 's that , Jack ? jack just think I would take Bob manual for the dust -off . feeling the need . ( continued ) 28 continued : victoria a hundred terraformed acre on Mars be all you have to think about . int . sky tower , control station - continuous victoria stare out from she window above the cloud . victoria ( to herself ) I love you . he wave , blow the chock . the wind whipping off the top of the cloud instantly grab the ship , hurtle it into the void . with jack , just let the wind twist he and the ship in freefall . love this feel . Victoria . turn professionally to she console . the tet symbol on the screen , the count down to tet -rise . she open video stream , lose herself in she work . victoria ( cont 'd ) time as indicate . technical officer away on autonomous patrol as of this transmission . border beacon surround the radiation sector be 100 % operative ... status : " log received . " victoria ( cont 'd ) you be welcome ... Victoria take a sip of coffee , turn to another task , when again a blip on she map pull Victoria 's attention back . that signal , radiating near Jack 's position . she swipe up a grid , intensify she sensor ... victoria ( cont 'd ) Jack ... I have get a rogue signal . might just be interference , but there should not be anything there . jack drone ? already she 's get the signal analyze on six different screen . no match ... ( continued ) 29 . continued : victoria ( troubled ) no ... it 's .. I be not sure what it be . intercut Jack listen to she in the bubbleship . jack do not be embarrassed , there 's always a first time . ( beat ) send it over . I will check it out . Victoria hesitates ... hit a key . victoria on its way . be careful , okay ? ext . waterfall - day Jack 's ship skim over the surface of a deep pool of water . up ahead , a waterfall explode its force into the pool , spray and mist already reach the bubbleship . jack all right , I be come up to the location . Jack begin fly slowly up the twelve hundred foot wall of fall water which almost seem to conceal a petra behind its veil . Jack reach the top ... jack Pov - the spire and observational deck of the empire state build , now part of a cliff , set in shift sea-b , a gush river pour past . ext . observation deck - moment later Jack land and get out of the craft , grab he weapon and yankee cap as he do . he look around , half nervous , half in awe that the old girl be still stand . jack ( under he breath ) New York , New York ... it 's a wonderful town . the bronx be up , and the battery 's down ... he can hear nothing over the wind and the water . he move to the balcony edge , look " downtown " at the sink city . a Venice set in a matrice of rubble and sea-b . ( continued ) 30 . continued : he notice a old pay telescope next to he , bent and rusted . he put he eye to the lense . nothing . Black . he stare at the 25 - cent slot on top , lose in a deep sense of deja-vu ... victoria Jack , you be right on top of it . what do you see ? Jack start a circuit of the deck . a pile of old deck chair in he way , he push at they with he foot ... find a wire , run below they , link to two car batteries , hide under the rubbish . he trace the path of the wire ... up . ext . top of the esb antenae - later jack have make a arduous climb to discover a transmitter , hook to a old military repeater , and both hook to ... we look up as Jack do ... the rusted , damaged , esb antenna atop the building . jack Bob , give I audible on this signal . almost immediately from the bubbleship come the intermittent electronic squack of the signal . ext . observation deck - moment later at the bubbleship , Jack watch the frequency analysis of the signal play on he head - up . he touch the screen and the signal go quiet . victoria what do you find ? jack it 's a old radio system . it 's be reactivate . victoria define reactivate . Jack look at the battery , the wire ... ( continued ) 31 . continued : victoria ( cont 'd ) Jack , that signal 's go out over the whole territory . you need to blow the structure . jack it 's the Empire State -- victoria it 's ancient history , Jack . you know the procedure . blow it . he pull several charge from the bubbleship 's storage , start to set they ... he pause , stare at the railing , the old telescope . Change of plan . he walk towards the battery , a blade slide out of the cuff of he suit . he reach they and sever the line . the signal die . ext . observation deck - moment later the bubbleship lift off . Jack can not help stare down at the observation deck as the ship lift into the air . tnt . bubbleship - day Jack be in the air , troubled . up ahead in the distance we see a large natural ridge . some instrument light up . victoria check you course , you be head right at the border . jack yeah , I may have see another drine trap ... intercut victoria she check she map . Jack 's bubbleship be head straight at a large red swath of territory mark out , toxic radiation level constantly monitor . a small alarm go off in the bubbleship cabin . victoria you be at the edge of range , Jack . you be start to break up . ( continued ) 32 . continued : jack it 's okay -- victoria ( serious ) no , it 's not okay . you get in too close that radiation -- jack -- will cook I from the inside before I know it . do not worry , I be still more than five click from the beacon ... in the bubbleship . a bigger alarm go off , Red skull - and - crossbone flash across the head - up . Jack dive the ship , down over huge rocky outcropping . Jack , intent on piloting . static . some garble sound . Victoria 's voice barely come through . victoria what be -- you ---- out there Jack ? the signal go to pure static as Jack steer into a steep canyon , rock on all side . barely room to squeeze , but Jack 's not worried . this be all familiar . jack that 's right , Bob . you know where we be go . int . sky tower , control station - continuous Victoria stare at the screen , static hiss low and empty . it 's not the first time he 's do this , but she hate it every time . victoria Jack ...? Victoria work the panel , upping signal , boost reception . the static be again mix with garble sound . she listen , confuse , up the volume ... blip ! that signal from the Empire State start again . this time it lock on , a loud and continuous electronic pattern . 33. ext . crater lake - day jack 's ship emerge from a canyon into a beautiful landscape we have never see before . this be Jack 's secret place . tree exist on a island surround by clean water . and near the shore , a grotto , a carve - out portion of the hillside , support with scavenge timber , protect by plastic tarp . a ton of gear be pile inside . jack have be scavenge for a long time . the bubbleship land . jack walk into the structure , slapping on a relay from a solar generator . all around be young grow plant , include small yellow flower and they GREEN seedling -- the same Jack give to vika . Jack kneel down by a old military jammer . he check a screen : the crater Lake location be be jamme . int_sky tower , control station - day Victoria sit , the repetitive audio of the signal play from she console . she stare at the empty map , the notable absence of the bubbleship 's icon on it . she key the comm , one last time . victoria Jack ? Jack , I really need you online ... ext . crater lake - day a record player be tape into he solar power system . a early metal power-ballad float out of the speaker . Jack have a basketball hoop lash to a pole . he shoot hoop by himself , the rover retrieve the ball . later . Jack bring a single chair out in front of the water . he sit , and with care produce the book he 's bring with he . he open one with burnt edge : treasure island . . I remember he as if it be yesterday , as he come plodd to the inn door , he sea-chest follow behind he in a hand - barrow ... jack be in a obscure state of frustration . he lift another book , the lay of ancient rome : ( continued ) 34 continued : how can man die better than face fearful odd , for the ash of he father , and the temple of he god ... Jack close the book , strangely unsatisfy ... int . sky tower , control station - day on victoria , stick with the audio signal play . she move the Tet comm , hesitates . then key the control . victoria Mission , this be Lieutenant Victoria kohl , request a link . I may have a situation ... a beat while the connection be make , then ... the tet ( text on screen ) Lt. kohl , standby . ( beat ) what be you situation ? victoria I have a rogue signal of unknown origin . I be send you a relay . the tet ( text on screen ) have you technician locate and report . victoria ( loathe to admit ) technician be ... experience technical difficulty ... she wince , that be not the great lie . wait ... the tet ( text on screen ) be you still a effective team ? victoria yes , we be a effective team . the tet ( text on screen ) understood . have you technician locate and report . victoria ( suddenly ) we be happy , to be come home . ( continued ) 35 . continued : a long beat . then : the tet ( text on screen ) ( beat , then ) it will be good to have you back , vika . two more month . : ) Victoria smile despite herself . nod , emotional . victoria will communicate finding on next Tet cycle . understood . Victoria clock off . stare at the border area on the map where she last see Jack . a klaxon go off in she workspace . Victoria start . for the first time she seem confuse as she work the console . she can not immediately figure it out ... suddenly she bring up a wide scan for tracking the Tet , the whole Eastern Coast of the continent . and something be close , come over the pole , fast . on victoria ... ext . crater lake - day Jack fold the page of he book , stuff it in he cargo pocket and walk down to the water sparkling over stone . motion catch he attention . it 's the rover , approach with the basketball . jack so , um ... Victoria . the rover shift , confuse . jack ( cont 'd ) I be think , when we tour be up , maybe we would stay . we could put in for another -- wait , wait . stop yell . hear I out . no , do not throw that , that 's a ... the rover turn around . Jack smile at the poor machine 's confusion . the smile die ... this be serious . jack ( cont 'd ) maybe you should go , and I should stay ... ( continued ) 36 . continued : the rover leave , obedient . Jack watch it go , sad . he 's speak the word . he lie back on the bank , look at the cloud roll overhead . jack ( cont 'd ) I should stay ... his eye ... close . int . jack dream - various ---- a elevator . it climb a gantry towards a shuttle . Pov look over , see a younger victoria , who smile back , nervous ... -- a glass carapace . a woman' face inside . the same brunette woman . her eye open , she smile with love ... .then scream ! jack Pov spin as a scav loom through orange light and dust , snarling with its electronic squeal ... woman' voice jack !!! jack 's eye snap open . it be much later in the day . he scramble to he foot , breathe hard , remember something ... something desperate ... boom ! what appear to be a meteor streak across the sky , leave a trail of flame and white smoke . Jack grab he binoc and trace the meteor path ... resolve it just barely as the shuttle , crash down . it disappear over a rise , a beat , then a fiery explosion . jack Bob ! let 's get go ! the bubbleship be already power up by the time Jack pile in . he touch a control and the ship shoot up into the air . int . bubbleship - moment later Jack set a course towards the smoke on the horizon . ( continued ) 37 continued : jack vika ? vika , do you get that ? a object hit near here . a ship . victoria where the hell have you be ? Jack 's silent , not want to lie . intercut victoria , look at stream info from tet . victoria ( cont 'd ) ( tense , professional ) it 's a external . a alien ship . it 's a God damn scav vessel in the western Valley . jack I see it through optic in the last minute . I be not sure it be alien . victoria turn around , Jack . the drone will handle the situation . jack the drone will kill anything that move . victoria just for once wait for you order on this one , Jack . this be serious . Jack be silent , unsure . the crash site grow closer ... victoria ( cont 'd ) technician . this be you Control . turn around . jack vika ... victoria you hear I . another hard beat . Jack hat this but ... jack negative . I will report when I get to the site . ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 2 ) in the bubbleshtp . Bob seem to shake he head . jack ( cont 'd ) ( sotto , to Bob : ) what be you look at ? int . sky tower , control station - continuous Victoria stare at she comm . this have never happen . ext . crash site -- day a mountainous area of what be once sea-b . smoky orange fire blow across the ruin landscape . a fire in a dust storm . a gust now reveal ... the crash NASA space shuttle , with the name odyssey on its fracture hull . int . bubbleship - continuous jack be circle the wreckage , look down . jack I be here , and it 's definitely one of ours . victoria I be not confirm this from the Tet . jack I be confirm it . I be right here . vika work she display , scan , want to keep he safe . the wreckage have strewn out thousand of flame piece of debris , all which register heat signature . jack ( cont 'd ) this thing be ancient , one of the old pre-war shuttle . jack Pov - the wreckage . the ship 's gut be strewn across the earth . several pod-like canister strewn around , more fix into the burn wreckage . 39 . ext . crash site -- continuous jack touch down , roll out of he bubbleship even before it 's settle . he head straight into the burn wreckage , into hell . heat searing he eye , disorient he . all around metal pop and groans as it distend . he move through metal panel , dodging flame and burn debris -- search wildly . Jack see what look like a survivor ! haul it over to discover it 's only a empty NASA jumpsuit . but beyond that ... a delta -sleep pod , split wide open . its interior empty . Jack move on , find another pod , press he face against the glass ... a human face on the other side . a man , sleep ... a fuel explosion plume into the dark sky . Jack stumble on , track another pod literally on FIRE . Beyond that , a whole portion of the ship be semi-intact , the hull rip lengthwise . Jack track a burnish steel cylinder with radioactive marking , lock in strong mooring ... and near that , another pod , still lock in the ship 's wall . Jack move to it , wiping away soot and grime , press he face close and see she ... . the brunette woman from he dream . she 's asleep , she face light by move firelight . jack be stunne . eye dart to readout : she 's alive . on jack . confused , amaze , move . he put a hand out , towards the glass of the pod ... jack okay svunk ! svunk ! behind Jack , plasma round impact the pod with the man in it , the metal go nova , collapse ... jack ( cont 'd ) no ! 1 ! cannon fire erupt all around he ! two drone settle on the site , they weapon kick out energy , lock on and destroy pod ... jack ( cont 'd ) no ! no ! they be fire on the ship . vika , it 's one of ours . 40 . int . sky tower , control station - continuous Victoria stare at she screen , perhaps for the first time in she life , freeze . Jack 's voice blare over speaker . jack there be people here , and they be kill they ! Victoria open she mouth to respond . she can not . ext . crash site - continuous a drone pass right over Jack , lock into position , lining its cannon on the pod with the woman in it ... Jack move between the drone and the pod . the drone hesitates ... scan he . weapon literally red hot from repeat fire . the drone shift again , fast , look for its shot . Jack counter , keep he body between the drone and the pod . jack get out of here ! go away ! get ! a moment of insane bravado , Jack un - shoulder he weapon , strafe the drone with gunfire which knock it back . it re-center , weapon chugge with energy . intercut victoria . stare at the feed . a screen catch a half -image of Jack fire at the drone . she 's absolutely still , hold she breath ... Jack stare at the drone , at certain death . jack ( cont 'd ) well , what the hell be you wait for ? go on ! and suddenly , the drone move on , canon live , search on into the wreckage , annihilate other pod . on jack , chest heaving ... a instant of black , shuttering back to : cross -hair Pov : we suddenly see Jack through cross - hair , tracking he as he shield the Delta pod with he body , drag it towards the bubbleship ... ( continued ) 41 . continued : a high - tech , high - power rifle rest in two alien - armored hand . like a metal - coat insect tarsus ( barb foot of a fly ) . the alien begin to depress the trigger ... then another tarsus press the barrel down . do not . do not fire . shifting over : Close on a alien . we first real look , still too close to truly comprehend . thick stubble hair armored with metal , bone ; a head - dress of authority . behind layer of dust crack goggle , the older alien eye ... blink . ext . crash site - continuous jack reach the bubbleship , heave the Delta pod onto the carrier which immediately secure it with armature design to carry damage drone . jack steal another look at the sleep face of the woman . he touch the glass , wiping away soot and dust . jack it 's you ... see from far away the bubbleship fly up and up , the delta sleep pod securely hang from its belly , carry Jack and this mysterious woman away into the evening sky . ext . sky tower , bubbleship pad - sunset the wind be wild and brutal . as the bubbleship touch down , clamp snap on the landing skid . Jack be in motion , burst out of the ship . he glance up . Victoria stand behind the glass of the Sky Tower live room , stare at he . thunk . he release the armature . haul the pod with he towards the house . hammer on the glass . jack open it ! Victoria obey , open the glass door . wind fill the live room as Jack haul the pod in . then Victoria touch a control and the wall seal . ( continued ) 42 . continued : jack ( cont 'd ) the drone try to kill she . they destroy the other survivor . victoria ( rationalizing ) well it do not recognize she . it 's machinery . it 's program machinery -- jack she come off a NASA shuttle . the drone be specifically target the pod -- victoria I do not know what the machinery do or do not do . there 's protocol ... jack protocol ? protocol ?! who 's the machinery now , Victoria ? victoria stare at he . then retreat from the question into the task at hand . she kneel by the pod . victoria go get the cutter , and a breather , and my big bag . now . the pod 's be damage , she 's not do well , let 's get she out of there . Jack move . Victoria , almost hold back , but ... victoria ( cont 'd ) . this have to be report . he spin . stare at she . really angry . jack I know it do . and when we report it , we will also report that drone slaughter the other human survivor from one of we ship . see what they make of that . he go for the equipment . Victoria stare at the woman 's face , deeply unsettle ... Jack return with Victoria 's bag , and fire up a cutter . ( continued ) 43. continued : ( 2 ) victoria right there , be careful ... Jack direct the blue arc towards a seal . the pod depressurize with a sudden exhale of dead air . Jack pull back the pod door . Inside , the woman lie in a gauzy sleep suit . her hair be matte . her body look frail , she skin translucent , vein dark , lip blue , like a drown victim . vika pull she feed tube , take she pulse , check she eye , lift the lid . victoria ( cont 'd ) lift she up , we have to get some air into she . jack get he arm around the woman , pull she upwards . fluid seep from she mouth ... and suddenly she 's alive , coughing , spew fluid across Jack and the floor . he set she down as she painfully wretch , then suck in AIR . her eye flutter open . she 's suddenly violently ill again . instinctively , Jack go to hold she -- victoria ( cont 'd ) ( professional ) no. do not . let she get the fluid out . the woman stop heaving . look up at both of they ... she try to stand , disorient by the glass wall , the infinite vertigo that surround they . she fall to she knee and stare with amazement down into the cloud . Jack kneel beside she , put a hand on she shoulder . jack you be safe . you be in a skytower , on Earth . woman . Jack . Victoria give a sharp look at Jack . he 's stunne . now completely exhaust , the woman slump into unconsciousness . Jack catch she . Victoria come close , slide a oxygen breather mask over she face . ( continued ) 44 . continued : ( 3 ) victoria we need to get she clean up . int . shower - moment later a bizarre and almost beautiful tableau : all three together under the water , Jack hold the unconscious woman like a child . the warm water spraying over they three form , soaking the woman 's gauzy suit which cling to she body . Water run across Jack and Victoria 's face , they open eye , lock on each other . the water finally stop . victoria we have to get she up to the Tet . jack I know . victoria I do not have the facility here . once she 's stable ... jack I know . the glass door slide open behind they . neither move . victoria what 's go on ? he shake he head . he have no idea . int . infirmary BAY - later the woman lie in a bed . victoria check she readout , adjust she UV drip . she glance over she and realize that the woman 's eye be open , stare at she . beat . Victoria turn , offer the woman some water . victoria here . drink this . you be dehydrated ... you have be in a very bad crash . you ship come down . this disturb the woman . she try to sit up . ( continued ) 45 . continued : woman what about the other ? how do you get out ? victoria what 's you name ? woman . Julia . Julia . the woman , julia , sink back down , exhaust . victoria you need to rest quietly . you have be in delta sleep for a long time . julia how long ...? victoria best guess ? about 65 year . Julia take that in ... julia where 's Jack ...? Julia start . look down at she arm where Victoria have just sly a needle under she skin . she stare at she , almost afraid . Victoria depress the plunger . victoria shhhhhh ... ext . sky tower - night see from afar . the Sky Tower a lonely refuge in a roiling storm , turn on its axis , like a weather - vane and we plunge down . down and down , to the base of the skytower , to see ... ext . sky tower base - night a alien , batter by wind , rag blow , raise its mask to the sky . look up towards the tower . it wear the distinctive head -dress that we have see before . 46 , int . sky tower , dine area - night Victoria be very subdued , poke at food . both very aware of the woman sleep in the infirmary . victoria tomorrow , I will report that we have she . Jack nod , but will not look at she . deep in think . victoria ( cont 'd ) Jack ... ( beat ) what do you want from I , Jack ? this be not just a Shakespeare sonnet , a buffalo nickel , some vase ... jack it 's a Greek funeral vase . which I want my ash in , incidentally . Victoria collect the dish , head for the kitchen . jack ( cont 'd ) I just think we need to know why . victoria Jack , please . this be not why we be here . this be just what we have to do before we real life begin . we have give they five year and now we get to go home . ( beat ) so just leave this alone . it 's not we job . jack and what if I can not ? they stare at each other , each obscurely frighten . ext . infirmary - night Julia sleep , a mask tape to she face , oxygen hiss . Jack watch she . now clean and dry , there 's a natural , earthy , freckle beauty to she . Air pass peacefully through she lip , now return to color . ( continued ) 47 . continued : Jack reach out to brushes hair from she face . he notice the outline of a necklace with a pendant under she nightgown . int . sky tower , kitchen - night Victoria set dish in a dishwasher . she stop . she can see Jack in the infirmary , stare at Julia . int . workshop area - night drone 166 sit in its hub , repair . Jack replace a panel , move to a laptop and activate the drine . it power up , rise fast , bring its canon around . we should be afraid , very afraid , that something be wrong with it . it scan Jack , as menace as ever . but something 's change in Jack . he just stare back at it . beat . then the drone fire itself off into the black cloud , disappear towards the earth below . Jack stare after it ; then he turn , look across empty space to the underside of the glass pool . Victoria have just dive in . she swim lap , kick hard , bubblestream peel across she body . Exercise , not pleasure . ext . sky tower , poolside - night Jack stand at the end of the pool , watch Victoria stoke powerfully towards he . she see he as she reach the edge , stop , look up at he . this be important , something Jack 's be want to say for a long time : jack I read this book , of what it be like down here , before ... he sit , he leg dangle into the water . she pull up close , she arm on the side . jack ( cont 'd ) in this one book I be read , a man describe be a child . he remember a yellow kitchen , a baked apple . ( continued ) 48 . continued : victoria I know . that be the world before . you little obsession ... jack what be so wonderful about life on the Tet ? she look away ... jack ( cont 'd ) when we time be up next month . I want to put in for one more tour . Victoria push off from the side , drift back ... jack ( cont 'd ) it 's almost all go , Victoria . I want to be here for the end . she turn , resume swim lap . hard , drive through the water . he watch she for a moment , then turn away . int . sky tower - night Victoria come in from the pool . she can see Jack in the bedroom , sit on the bed , he back to she . she move into the infirmary , move to Julia and check she iv drip . she start to adjust it , stop . she stare down at Julia . int . sky tower , bedroom - moment later Victoria come in from the infirmary . she open a closet , change into a night shirt . jack vika -- she turn and grab he , desperate . victoria please . please . do not you understand ? we have a chance to be on the first boat out , to be the first to settle Mars , raise a family . five year . proof that we be a effective team . ( continued ) 49 . continued : she hold he face , kiss he , willing he to want she as desperately . victoria ( cont 'd ) everything we have want be wait for we up there . please , Jack . jack I do not know if it be or not , Victoria . I can not remember . she start to reply ... have nothing . shake she head . she grab blanket and pull they around herself , she back to he , she eye open , scared . Jack also lie down , stare upwards . and then Jack ask the 64,000 dollar question : jack ( cont 'd ) do you remember she ? Victoria do not move . stare straight out . ext . the skytower - night wind shake the skytower , and the cloud boil beneath it . Jack and Victoria sleep next to each other . in the infirmary , Julia sleep alone . a machine " beep . " ext . observation deck - day ( dream ) we be in the deep saturation of Jack 's dream . image fly by , then slow . people , enjoy the view . New York City . Jack , look through the pay telescope . then turn , see ... Julia right next to he , smile up , happy . int . the sky tower , bedroom - night Jack 's eye open . that dream again . Victoria 's still asleep next to he . he rise out of bed ... int . sky tower - very early morning Jack pad out into the main room . stop when he see Julia , rise from the infirmary , stand at one of the glass wall of the Sky Tower , stare out . ( continued ) 50 . continued : it 's early early morning . probably 3:00 be . while it 's dark below , the first sign of dark blue and orange sunrise be visible on the horizon . the planetary ring glow with soft golden light . julia' Pov : in the distance , the Tet be rise , faint light on its surface as it crest the planet 's curve . very close on Julia . the image of Tet reflect in the corneas of she eye . she 's be cry , silently , and alone . one hand at she chest . jack it 's beautiful , be not it ? it 's you home now . ( no response ) how do you feel ? she wipe she eye . julia a bit more ... locate . jack what be you shuttle 's mission ? she turn to he , watch he carefully in the dim light . and then , lie : julia I do not remember . I should get back to the ship . I might be able to find the flight recorder . jack you ship ... it 's pre-war . julia ( again , careful ) have you ever see a ship like that ? jack no . no , of course not . this answer something important for Julia . julia I wonder what bring we back ? jack . there be a transmission . I do not know who send it . ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 2 ) julia we will never really know without the flight recorder . ( almost casually ... ) she say we can not go down there , that it 's too dangerous . he laugh a little , shake he head . julia ( cont 'd ) what ? jack funnily enough , you have find you man . julia ( smiling ) have I ? a awkward beat , then : jack how do you know my name ? julia . you look like someone I once know . ( extend she hand ) I understand I owe you my life . thank you , Jack . they shake . a weird moment . she break away , look back at the Tet which now glow a pale orange on the horizon . julia ( cont 'd ) what happen now ? jack in a few hour , the Tet will come online . Victoria will report you rescue and I imagine they will send someone down for you . julia from ... the ` Pet ? jack yes . she gesture out to the bubbleship on its pad . ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 3 ) julia you fly that thing ? jack . you could say that . she smile , pleased . a twinkle in she eye ... julia alright then . do not you want to know ? ext . sky tower , bubbleship pad - early morning jack and julia be suite up , ready to go . the tetis still low and far on the dark horizon , silhouett bythe first sign of sunlight grow in the East ... the bubbleship 's engine start up with they distinctive whine . as they head towards the ship , Victoria come out from the house , a robe pull on ... victoria Jack ! what be you do ? jack I will bring she back before Tet - rise . we just want to try to find the flight recorder . you can not know everything watch from a mile up . victoria she should not be -- Julia turn on Victoria , quickly . julia thank you . I feel very well . then , coldly , she board the ship . jack she 's the flight officer , she want . to see the wreck of she ship and secure item there . you would want to do the same thing . victoria Jack , please . ( continued ) 53. continued : jack do not worry , we will be back before you have to make you report . victoria that 's not it . I can not protect you with the Tet offline and I just have a very bad ... jack I will be fine . he turn and board . Julia be stare at she through the bubble - canopy . the bubbleship rise and then fall off to the side , plummete towards earth . int . bubble ship - early dawn Jack pull the ship out of its dive , set course across the alter earth . Julia be staring down , a little afraid , but darkly fascinate ... Victoria 's voice cut through on the comm . victoria Jack ... this be not just about protocol . I be try to understand . jack ( beat ) I will be home for breakfast . and he switch off the comm . int . sky tower , comand CENTER - continuous Victoria stare at the dead comm . a moment , then she slam the panel with she fist . she back off , stare at the panel . int . bubbleship - continuous they fly in silence . Julia gaze down at sight we be by now familiar with , become visible as the first light hit . the crater , emaciate seascape . ( continued ) 54 . continued : julia so I guess I be around ... a hundred year old . ( beat ) what happen next ? he gesture towards the moon ring in the sky . jack the scav assume take out the moon would wipe we out , and it almost do . but we re-groupe , fight back . we beat they in the end . she glance at he . jack ( cont 'd ) that 's if you call nuke half the planet beat anybody . he look at she , shrug . they fly past a resource gather , its column of water lift from the seas . jack ( cont 'd ) we harvest seawater to supply the Mars colony with the energy we need to live there . we be almost do . pretty soon , there will be no more water down here . julia a dry planet ... he nod at the Tet , rise in the distance . jack yeah . what 's leave of we be up there now , ready to go where you be head , mars. 40 acre and a mule . what we have get leave . what you have get . Julia stare out at the tet. julia what about you ? jack we be bear and raise up there . vika 's the a-student . I be just a tech ... I fix thing . I ... ( continued ) 55 . continued ; ( 2 ) julia look at he . something out of the groove . jack ( cont 'd ) why be you look at I like that ? julia sorry . she stare back down at the landscape . julia ( cont 'd ) it 's so beautiful . he look at she , surprised . he think he be the only one ... ext . crash site - early morning the bubbleship sit land amidst the wreckage . a low still fog have condense , leave visibility low , moisture everywhere . while there be light up high , they have descend back into the pre-dawn darkness . the rover have detach , shine its small light in they direction to help . Julia search fruitlessly . everything from the wreck small enough to carry away have be take by scav . every piece of fabric and metal . Jack half watch she , half track the periphery , he weapon sling low . int . sky tower , comand CENTER - continuous Victoria sit at she workstation , upset . she 's get the bubbleship up on the map , its cam feed on display . ext . crash site - continuous Julia , still weaken from Delta sleep , haul aside debris , revealing a metal floor - plate , unscrewe and discard . the slot within be empty . julia no! no ! it 's be take . damn it ! ( continued ) 56 . continued : she back off , upset , breathe hard . jack look , it do not matter -- julia it matter , okay !? you do not ... you can not understand ... I need that flight recorder . I need to know what happen . ( beat ) you need to know what happen . jack we should stay close to ... she ignore he , move on . deeper in the wreckage , she locate the empty mooring that hold the steel cylinder Jack see . it 's also go . jack ( cont 'd ) what be it ? she stare at he , want to say something . decide not to . she lean back against a wall of the shuttle . int . sky tower , comand CENTER - continuous Victoria have try to ignore the cam feed , work on other thing . she glance over , then away just as a form pass by one of the cam feed ! Victoria check another readout , glance back as two more form pass by the camera . glimpsis of metal and fur ... victoria ( hit the comm ) Jack ! Jack ! there 's something come you way . jack !! " tnt . crash site - continuous Jack 's bubbleship sit silent . the comm still switch off . suddenly another form move through we line of sight , something 's there , and close . with jack and julia . the air still , damp . almost no sound . she pick through the remain of the ship . he 's stare at she . ( continued ) 57 . continued : julia ( without look up ) you be stare at I . jack I be sorry . intercut : Victoria watch as more and more alien figure pass the camera feed . move towards Jack and Julia 's position . Victoria , helpless . Julia look up at Jack , directly for the first time . he stare at she ... jack ( cont 'd ) how do I know you ... on julia' face . suddenly she vision rack ... jack spin , see emerge out of the mist , scavs . a dozen of they . alien tribesman , bristle with weapon , war- like high - tech headdress . mandibles and claw . terrify and close . Jack reach for he weapon , bring it around and -- slam ! he 's hit from the side by a scav . its armored body bring he to the ground . he try to crawl away , see Julia grab . he twist , see scav crawl over the bubbleship . jack ( cont 'd ) bob! home ! in the background , the bubbleship blast off , scav fall off as Jack kick backward , break the scav hold . he roll away towards he weapon - - straight into the leg of a giant scav hold a improvise club which now come down , impacting jack ... int . sky tower , control station - continuous victoria stare at image of the wreck grow smaller as the bubbleship rise . victoria jack ! jack ...! 58 . ext . OPEN land - dawn darkness . loud sound . animal panting . small , glimpsis of earth move by , then darkness again . Jack and Julia be tie to a huge scav sled pull by twelve feral dog . a combination of old scavenge military hardware and new innovation to adapt to a world without engine - power . giant tread roll forward as the dog strain against metallic harness . Jack 's head loll to the side . he blink , look over to see Julia next to he , unconscious . he track up . at the top of the sled , a massive alien scav pilot the sled , sand whipping through a head - dress we recognize : the leader . he hold a long whip , crack it over the dog who haul the sled forward . we slow , let the sled pull away from we into the dark as we travel back , towards where we come from , reveal ... the bubbleship 's rover have be follow . a machine mean for small journey , it roll inside the tread path leave by the sled , but it can barely handle the terrain . int . sky tower - morning Victoria hear the SOUND of the bubbleship , arrive . she rush to the glass of the Sky Tower , see the bubbleship , docking itself . Auto pilot . no one inside . ext . mountain canyon - morning from far away , we see the sled wind up this rocky canyon which open onto a massive wall of old concrete and steel . something giant and industrial in its time . the sled approach , seem to disappear as it move under a shadowy outcropping of rock . in the dark underneath , huge metal door ... close . int . a dark space -- no time almost complete blackness , just the SOUND of a slow drip of water . in the far distance , the howl and chatter of scav . Jack 's blood - encrust eye blink open . irise dilate try to orient . he raise he head , can barely see . ( continued ) 59 . continued : he and Julia lie in the only pool of light in the room , filter in from a high ventilation shaft . she 's unconscious . around he , in the dark , the sense of movement . his eye adjust , he squint into the dark . there 's a form on the edge of the light , watch he . Jack tense as the figure ... .strike a match on the floor , bring the flame to its face , revealing ... a Old man : beech . he suck in on the end of a cigar . for a moment , they eye meet . then the match go out . Dark silhouette again . only the feint orange glow from the cigar . beech montecristo , # 2 . do you have any idea how long I have wait , for this ? he exhales a stream of smoke into the beam , then move closer , into the light . beech 's face be line with age and exposure , he skin scar from battle . his tooth yellow and crooked , but he arm and body be strong . Jack tense . beech 's voice be calm , with a barely hold - back malice lurking just under the surface . beech ( cont 'd ) well , let I tell you , Jack . it 's be a long time ... jack who be you ? where be this ? beech inhale again . there 's a pierce curiosity to beech 's gaze , study he . beech we be deep underground . very deep underground . jack we be take by the scav ... beech oh ... the " scav " . ( beat ) tell I , Jack . have you ever meet a scav , up close ? ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 2 ) Jack be suddenly aware of other form in this room . motion , on the periphery . Hair ... feather . scav ? beech ( cont 'd ) no , of course not . you just repair the damage , keep the drone up and kill . do not ask many question , do you , Jack ? no part of the ... ( bitter taste ) .job description . beech pull off the cigar ... beech ( cont 'd ) brutal , if you think about it . the way you drone - jack the scav take everything from we . and if you be work with they -- beech interesting , Jack . interesting . you be worried I might be some kind of ... collaborator . Jack do not respond . beech ( cont 'd ) ( aside ) lllllight ! a beat , then a bank of light flicker on , revealing human , all around they , heavily armed . Julia groans , the light bring she to . Jack move to protect she , track ten , twenty people ... he look up where rows and rows of man and woman stare down from above with undisguise animosity . forty , fifty more ... at the front , a strong battle - scared scav , syke , hover on the edge of violence . he 's be recently wounded . beech ( cont 'd ) you see ...? we be not alien , Jack . we be very much human . Jack can not process . human face after human face . ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 3 ) beech ( cont 'd ) of course that 's a problem . you drone go for human shape , human voice . so ... we change we shape , change we voice . ( inhaling smoke ) the drone still kill we , but they be not nearly so aggressive as when they smell a human target . do you ever ask yourself why that be ? jack no , they be program to beech to what , Jack ? ( off julia ) you see it yourself . you almost get yourself blow to bit protect she . I have be meaning to ask you , why do you do that ? jack anyone would have ... beech anyone . would have . interesting . Julia come around , she eye flicker open , she scream , look frantically for a escape . Jack grab she , protect she , calming she . beech get close , study Jack , what he 's do . nod . beech ( cont 'd ) very interesting . beech move away . Jack move after he and suddenly forty or more weapon lock onto he . syke closer than any other . beech ( cont 'd ) careful , Jack . I be afraid you be not very popular here . beech switch he gaze to Julia . beech ( cont 'd ) welcome back to earth , commander . hope you like what we have do with the place . ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 4 ) beech move on . Jack and Julia follow , cautiously ... int . grow -hall , raven rock - continuous they pass into a giant area devote to agriculture . rows of wide , two -story glass tube hold plant bear fruit . they root be hold bare , bath only in moist air ... beech we grow what we can , under the light . it be not much ; wheat - grass , some vegetable , what bean and soy we can . the general state of we health prove that human being be not herbivore , but the alternative be not appetizing to anybody . ( sardonic wink ) not yet , anyway . jack when we get you up to the Tet , there 's plenty - beech there be ? plenty . plenty of what ? jack food.foreveryone . ( beat ) look , it ' samaze you have last thislong . but the radiation zonesare grow . all of this , willbe go soon . beech the zone ... the area you do not patrol ... jack no one do . you go there --- beech -- you organ boil from the inside . I have hear . beech move on , turn down another corridor . there be painting , stack against the wall . Picasso , Monet , kandinsky , Warhol . sculpture in pile . ( continued ) 63. continued : a Grand piano be push in a corner , other instrument propped against it . they pass a room fill with book , another with a screen mount in front of a projector . for a moment , Jack forget everything else . it 's like he private collection at crater Lake , but a hundred time bigger , richer ... Julia stop in front of a painting of a young girl in a field of golden grass , stare towards a farmhouse on the horizon . she turn to Jack . julia it remind I of home ... int . sky tower , command station - day victoria be communicate with the Tet . she have be cry , sick with worry . victoria he 's disappear . ( correcting herself ) my technical Officer , Jack harper . he 's go . the tet ( text on screen ) time since last contact ? victoria . six hour . the tet ( text on screen ) protocol state 24 hour before report a loss of contact . victoria the scav take he . I witness it . he have a ... a beat . Victoria experience jealousy she do not fully understand before ... victoria ( cont 'd ) there 's a woman with he . the survivor of the crash shuttle , Julia sommerville . silence . ( continued ) 64 . continued : the tet ( text on screen ) prep the survivor for immediate evac . victoria I tell you , she 's with the technical Officer . I be request permission to re-task the drone for search and rescue . the tet ( text on screen ) permission grant . Victoria get to work on the console , re-task drone . another tone make she look over . the tet ( text on screen ) ( cont 'd ) you do okay , vika ? victoria ( frustrate ) yes , I mean . I do not know . Tet comm status : " communication ended . " int . raven rock - no time Jack and Julia be hold back by scav as up ahead beech 's second - in -command , the battle - harden syke , whisper heatedly in he ear , glance back . not everyone think have Jack and Julia here be a good idea . Jack peer over the edge of the gantry they be on . far below , ancient geothermal turbine churn . julia Jack , what he say about the Tet ... jack ( not look at she ) it take three decade to build the Tet . and when it be finally ready and it be time to go up , there be people who refuse . leader , who tell they people to stay . stare at beech , the glint in the man 's eye ... ( continued ) 65 . continued : jack ( cont 'd ) and so they stay . and they be slaughter . whatever the conversation be , it do not go well . syke storm off , angry . other scav go with he . ext . canyon - day the rover have reach the Canyon , start to make its way in towards raven rock . int . sky tower , comand CENTER - day vika be on a tear , work hard . unable to reach Jack , she 's look for any clue , anything to help find he . to that end she 's replaying the recording of she last transmission from the bubbleship . we hear she last pleading : victoria's voice Jack ! Jack ! there 's something come you way . jack !!!! Victoria listen , chill . she hit rewind , then play : jack voice . it will be fine . trust I . victoria's voice I be try to . jack voice I will be home for breakfast . alone in the Sky Tower , this hit Victoria hard . rewind . Victoria stare at the counter , let it go further back . then , play . just static . then we hear Victoria 's end of a conversation we already witness : jack voice ( breaking up ) ( cont 'd ) I be near the ... . border territory . . still more than five click from the ... beacon ... ( continued ) 66 . continued : victoria's voice what be you do out there so far , Jack ? then the static for a moment fill with garble sound . Victoria hit stop . she stare . make a adjustment , play the sound again . something draw she in ... int . work hangar , raven rock - continuous a large bay , fill with machinery , computer . other thing scavenge from the wreck of the odyssey include several Delta sleep pod . scav Soldiers work in the center of the bay on a downed drone . it 's be open up , take apart . all of its circuit board and wiring spread out , hook to computer . to the side , other soldier be group around something . Jack track the object they be work on : the scar steel cylinder Jack see on the odyssey . its be open up and some ten scavenge deuterium fuel cell have be fitte inside the case . julia the bomb ... she realize something , wheel on beech , angry . julia ( cont 'd ) you bring down the odyssey . you sonofabitch you crash we ship . there be people on board , all so you could get -- beech I know what I do . but tell we , Commander , why do you have a bomb on board , what be it for ? tell he . she look at Jack , reluctant to say it , but ... julia the Tet ... be a alien ship , Jack . the odyssey 's mission --- we mission , be to investigate it . Jack shake he head no . angry ... ( continued ) 67 . continued : beech it attack we . first it destroy we moon . then it unleash its primary weapon , a brilliant weapon ... jack I be bear there ! beech I be bear in Chicago , Jack . I use to go to baseball game with my father . I use to get two big hot dog , fill them up with relish , and mustard . just go to town . I and my pop , watch the sox . ( quick , press ) you have any memory like that Jack ? jack no , my father be a -- beech be what ? tall ? fat ? he yell at you mom ? ever go to a baseball game , Jack ? jack ( getting angry ) I already tell you -- beech right , sorry . tell I how you mother smell . jack what ? beech my mother , smell like warm fruit . like orange , sit in the sun . Jack start to speak ... stop . beech move to one of the scavenge delta sleep pod , run he hand over the emboss name-plate ... ( continued ) 68 continued : ( 2 ) beech ( cont 'd ) if you have look more carefully at the wreckage of the odyssey , you would have notice there be two empty sleep pod . the Pilot , and the co-pilot ... Jack stare at the name plate on the pod : " J. harper . " julia it be you , Jack . jack what ? julia you and Victoria . we be all on the odyssey . we be suppose to make contact ... jack no . beech the Tet be a alien vessel , Commander Jack harper . it come and destroy we moon and most of humanity when it do . and ever since , with you help , it 's be try to finish the job . ( beat ) I be sorry , Jack . it 's not good news , I know . you have be turn to the wrong side . beech go to the bomb , stare down at it beech ( cont 'd ) but now , with you help , we can finally destroy it . jack you be insane . this be insane . he turn to Julia , but she will not help he . jack ( cont 'd ) ( to both of they ) there be people up there - beech what ? people like you ? we be the last real people . ( more ) ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 3 ) beech ( cont 'd ) pocket like this one , hide out , die . probably all over the planet . beech raise he gaze to Jack . deadly serious . beech ( cont 'd ) we do not win the war , Jack . we lose . this word hit Jack . he start to reply , find he can not . beech approach , fatherly , gentle . beech ( cont 'd ) it have take we ten year to get here , but we finally have a weapon , and a work drone to carry it . except we can not successfully program the drone . it 's not we technology . ( clasping he shoulder ) but you can , repairman . that be the beautiful irony . it give you the skill . on jack ... ext . raven rock - continuous the rover crawl up the Canyon finally arrive at the entrance to raven rock . it stop , scan the face of raven rock ... blami !! a shot hit it , it tumble back , utterly destroy . int . sky tower , control station - continuous Victoria be work hard , intent on decipher the sound . she do not notice the image of raven rock appear on a side monitor , transmit from the rover . int . work hanger - continuous suddenly , syke and several other scav burst into the area . all eye go to Jack and Julia as the ruin rover be bring in . ( continued ) 70 . continued : syke it follow he here . I tell you this be a mistake ! beech , processing . all around the periphery , reaction . this be a disaster . beech well well , we may be out of time . set the drone to return to the Tet upon reactivation . it need to go right to the center -- jack no ! it will kill - beech ( raging ) it will kill that ugly stain on the sky . that 's all ! now program the drone ! Soldiers push Jack towards the open drone . Jack stare at the read-out , the electronics . syke grab a weapon from a female scav soldier , line it on Jack . jack no . I will not do it . syke he will not help we . we bury they both , make we run as soon as we can load up . julia no !! Jack stare syke down . jack you know I stare into weapon every day , so you can put that away . because here 's what I can tell you ... ( back to beech ) if the Rover find we , the drone will too . unless you want they to find you , let I get somewhere where I can send a signal . somewhere far from here . beech ... catch . ( continued ) 71 continued : ( 2 ) beech ( ignoring syke ) what 's you plan , Jack ? tell the Tet where we be , so they can send a nice big welcome -- jack the drone would kill you . let I try to stop that . syke you can not trust he ! jack ( stay on beech ) you be waste time . on beech , syke ... tnt . raven rock - moment later Jack and Julia stand near the entrance to raven rock . syke appear with the white rectangular box , toss it down in the dirt at Jack 's foot . beech watch as Jack unfold he motorcycle . behind they , other scav be pack up , readying a exodus . jack I can fix this . beech well , you be the repairman . Jack power up the bike and get on . he look at Julia who hesitates , then she climb on the back of the bike . jack I will get to the antenna , send a signal with my location . the Tet will call off the search . . you should be safe , for now . Jack start to go . beech Jack ... what if I tell you that I have be to you radiation zone . and what I find there ... would change everything you think you know about the world . ( continued ) 72 . continued : Jack look at he , hearing this . then gun the bike . beech stare after they , the rooster - tail of Jack 's bike racing away across the ruin landscape . syke what make you think he 's any different from the other ? beech stare at he a moment , then back out . beech she do . beech turn away . ext . the ruined earth - day Jack pilot the electric bike across staggering beautiful vistas ... landsccape of the imagination . on the back of the bike , Julia take in the incredible beauty around she . finally , in the shadow of a jag mountain , the bike slow and stop . Jack check the charge : it 's dead . they climb off and Jack leave the bike where it lie , head off on foot . julia what happen ...? she 's stare into the distance where a old wreck of a resource gatherer lie shattered against a cliff-face . jack the scav bring it down ten year ago . all. this time , I think we be at war with the scav ... but it turn out we be just kill each other . he turn , head off on foot . after a moment , she follow . ext . cliff top - day Jack and Julia reach the top of a high cliff , with what look like a metal spire protrude upwards at its edge . ( continued ) 73. continued : we pass over they , stare down a familiar 1,200 - foot waterfall . Jack have return to the top of the Empire State , this time approach from above . together , they climb down the craggy rock face . two tiny figure against a massive backdrop , a mortal fall below . ext . observation deck - day Jack be the first to drop onto the crack cement of the deck . he move forward , pull the plastic and camouflage off the transmitter and repeater . he get to work on the repeater . it 's old tech , hard to make it talk to the bubbleship . Julia stand a way off . for a moment , they gaze meet , then he continue work . int . sky tower , comand CENTER - day Victoria be hard at work , processing the sound that catch she attention . she have it play through the whole sky tower : the sound be break , static-like , almost alien . strange and guttural . finger fly over control , make adjustment . this time the sound parse into word . a male and a female voice . almost apprehensive , she pull a electronic filter , overlay it on the signal , which suddenly drop into perfect clarit : a recording of Jack and Victoria , from a different patrol . victoria's voice ( laughing ) . and I want a dishwasher , the kind that you can put -- jack voice I do not think they will have that on Mars , honey . victoria's voice okay , fine . no dishwasher . how about just you . all the time . jack voice yes . when we get there . on victoria . her face totally still . strangely freeze in the face of this sweet little exchange ... ( continued ) 74 . continued : and then a sob break from she lip . the kind you can not control . her finger shaking , badly , she play the recording , put it on a loop . tnt . sky tower - continuous the voice boom through the Sky Tower , over and over . frighten that they simplicity contrast so much with the effect they be have on Victoria who move into the main room , white as a sheet . she look up as .. the bubbleship lift off from its platform and sail into the sky . she watch it go , then rush back towards she station . ext . observation deck - day Jack stare at the esb antenna , down at the repeater and the line of code he hope he 's transmit . julia what will you do now ? Jack do not answer . he move to the edge of the deck , stare out , unwilling to meet she eye . jack that old man be smart . that fuel cell , the way he 's get they tie in with you device ... he could blow the whole station . julia Jack , you can not turn they in . he glance at she , shake he head . jack what do you want from I ? I be just a repairman . ( beat ) this be bigger than I . Jack move off to a corner of the deck by the old telescope . she follow he , steeling herself . julia ( carefully ) you and I start the same year at NASA . ( more ) ( continued ) 75 . continued : julia ( cont 'd ) it be not really about space for I , it be about ... what could be out there . life ... jack look , stop , okay ? just -- julia but for you , it be always the star . you want to fly further and faster than any one else . jack I do not know who you be talk about -- julia I be talk about a man I know , who be fearless . a man who would not bow out of a fight , ever . jack stop ! you and that old man have this story ... except I know who I be , okay ? I know who I be ! julia no , you do not . that thing brainwash you , it erase you memories he turn , start to lean on the old telescope , draw back , stare at the thing like it bit he . julia ( cont 'd ) that 's right ... what do you remember ? intercut : the auto-pilote bubbleship skim over the surface of downtown , head towards the Empire State ... Jack be stare at the telescope , agitate , confuse . jack why do I ... what be it about this place ? julia ten day before we get we go - ahead , you ask I to meet you here . ( continued ) 76 . continued : ( 2 ) intercut : victoria . eager to find out where the bubbleship be head , she punch up the live feed . Julia come close , put a hand out , rest it on he chest . she move closer to he , search he eye . julia ( cont 'd ) do not you remember what happen here ? intercut : the bubbleship now move up the waterfall . Victoria , lean forward , watch the feed ... Julia take one of he hand , place it around she waist . move closer still ... jack when I sleep . you be always there . she kiss he . ext . obervation deck - day ( flashback ) a younger julia be stare out over glorious intact New York City . next to she , a younger jack peer through the telescope . now he pull away , turn to she ... younger jack there , right there . take a look . she smile , put she eye to the telescope . younger jack ( cont 'd ) the tall billboard , with the girl on it . younger julia oh , okay . I do not understand . younger jack nervously produce a engagement ring from he pocket . younger jack now , pan to the right , slowly ... younger julia' Pov - through the telescope panning over as he direct , to a billboard , half - cover by a large canvas . the word " julia , will you marry I ? " clear on the canvas . ( continued ) 77 . continued : younger jack ( cont 'd ) Julia ... she gasp , look over . there he be , hold the ring -- vrrooooom ! the SOUND of a bubble ship ... ext . observation deck - day ( present ) vroooommmm ! the bubbleship rise into view directly in front of they . Jack , kissing Julia , try to break away , confuse , guilty . Julia hold on . she reach to she collar , pull free a necklace , a familiar ring dangle from it ... julia there be a few page miss , but it 's the same book . int . sky tower , control station - continuous Victoria stare at the screen , the image of Jack kissing Julia , then break away . she 's strangely cold , like there 's simply nothing leave to feel ... int . bubbleship - moment later Jack pilot the ship , a tense silence between he and Julia . he check a few readout , then hit the comm . jack vika , it 's I . I be ... all right . I be come in . do not report in to Mission , not until I get back . no response . Dead air . Julia be press far back in she seat , watch Jack . int . sky tower , control station - continuous Victoria be still motionless . she hear Jack 's call on the comm , do nothing . jack voice .i be 20 minute out . a tone make Victoria look over . the Tet , check in . ( continued ) 78 . continued : the tet ( text on screen ) Mission request status of survivor . victoria go to hell . beat . beat . the tet ( text on screen ) do not copy . ( long beat ) have you locate you partner ? vika be silent . the Tet wait for a response . it do not get one . finally : the tet ( text on screen ) ( cont 'd ) be you still a effective team ? victoria ( lip trembling ) no . a long painful silence . tear flow without sob . Tet comm status : " communication ended . " Victoria . push away from the console , numb . as she leave the room , we stay on the console ... which suddenly come alive . readouts go active , data history start to play . the Tet be access everything . Visual and Voice recording blaze by . image , everything the bubbleship have see . we see the image of raven rock send from the rover . int . sky tower - continuous Victoria enter the Sky Tower , stare at it as if it be all alien to she . as she move through , she unzip she jumpsuit , step out of it , move on . her shirt , then bra , land on the floor . she move on ... ext . sky tower - twilight julia and jack step out of the bubbleship , head towards the interior of the Sky Tower . the whole thing have be open up . wind blow freely through papers , magazine . vase have be blow over , water spill . ( continued ) 79 . continued : there be petal , Rose petal , swirl everywhere . ext . sky tower , garden - continuous Jack come out near the garden . it 's be rip to shred . what plant be leave lie uproote and break . Flowers strewn about . petal float off the side of the sky tower and down into the cloud . victoria stand near the far edge , look out . she 's no longer in she jumpsuit . she wear a beautiful flow dress which wave in the wind . her hair be free . jack vika ... the scav . they be human , like we . the war have become some giant ... mistake . she turn . the heartbreak in she face clear . victoria I see you . I see you two . jack she' -- victoria ( shaking she head ) stay away from I with the truth ! I do not want the truth . I prefer oblivion . Victoria look up , see Julia in the distance ... victoria ( cont 'd ) you never really love I , do you , Jack ? his silence be loud . she laugh , tear flow ... jack ( break for she ) vika , she be my wife . she look at the infinite sky , the cloud , and as the tet appear ... he step towards she and she back towards the edge . victoria I tell they . the drone will be here . for she . for you . ( continued ) 80 . continued : Jack feel the sting of this betrayal , but quickly accept it . jack then come with I . ( she shake no ) do not you see what it mean ? there be still people , live on Earth . survive on earth . people like we . Victoria hear that and laugh , bitter . jack ( cont 'd ) vika ? her laughter die . she look at he , strangely calm , beautiful in this moment . victoria oh , Jack . I think they make we . Victoria step backwards . Jack lunge forward . jack nooo1 petal be fall towards we from the skytower , and then , so be victoria . ext . sky tower continuous Jack stare after Victoria for one terrible beat , then fall to he knee . not yet feel , in shock . Julia approach , slowly ... he turn at she so fast she 's afraid and step back but he blow right by she , into int . sky tower , control station - moment later Jack enter Victoria 's station . trespass in a space that do not belong to he . his eye play over the room : a cup of coffee , now cold . a jacket on the back of she chair . on a monitor , a wavelength play silently . the signal she descramble . he look at the Tet communication device . we realize he 's never speak directly to the Tet before . ( continued ) 81 continued : jack this be technician Jack harper . the signal go out . beat. beat ... the tet ( text on screen ) where be you Control Officer ? jack she 's dead . the tet ( text on screen ) prep the survivor for immediate evac . jack do you hear what I say ? she 's dead ! the tet ( text on screen ) prep the survivor for immediate evac . you will be reassign . jack I want to talk to somebody . beat . the tet ( text on screen ) it will be good to have you back . jack damn you ! I want to hear you voice ! beat . beat . Tet comm status : " communication ended . " he stare at this last transmission . then look up to the big map . from all over the sector , drone be close on the Sky Tower . close on he . ext . sky tower , bubbleship pad - moment later Jack come back out , head towards the ship . Julia put out a hand to he . jack we have to go . 82. tnt / ext . bubbleship - continuous Jack and Julia streak across the sky in the bubbleship . on the head - up display , they can clearly see the radiation border mark red in front of they , and the two drone close behind they . julia where be we go ? jack beech say to look in the radiation zone . I have to go there . julia and if he 's just a crazy old man ? Jack look at she . it would be a funny moment , but it 's not . jack I have be wrong about everything else . he dive the ship towards the cloud below . ext . canyon - morning drone shoot down a canyon towards raven rock . int . bubbleship - continuous the bubbleship burst through cloud . up ahead , the familiar ridgeline be approach ... and three drone watttng . Jack haul the ship over as the drone bear down on they open up . we recognize one : drone 166 . Canon fire rock the bubbleship , piece blow off . Jack revolve the canopy to return fire . a drone explode but drone 166 and another blast through the smoke , fire . 83. int . raven rock - continuous everything have be pack , load , ready to leave . beech watch syke supervise the final lash of the bomb onto a sled . beech give a command and the great steel door groan OPEN , revealing ... six drone , wait . they weapon powering up . on beech , a final realization wash over he . ext . OPEN sky - continuous Jack spin the ship , evade pursuit , even as he check he head - up , track the two Sky Tower drone close from behind . he haul over , pursue drone turn with he , fire as the two drone burst out of cloud cover fast , mid - AIR collision , two more drone go down ! Jack hit the brake . another drone overshoot he , pull up . Jack site the drone , start to fire ... the bubbleship be rake with fire ! drone 166 be right on they and fire . the canopy be hit ! crack spider - web across it . a canon be blow clean off . Jack try he remain weapon . it 's dead . with drone 166 it pull out of a arc , accelerate , close on the bubbleship as the bubbleship tear away into a cloud bank , go in . drone 166 follow , second behind . drone 166 emerge from the cloud bank into open air , its cannon lining on ... nothing . empty sky . it revolve quickly , sense for ... smash ! Jack 's bubbleship impact the drone from above , the ship 's manacle design for transport break drone clamping on . suddenly the two vessel be locked . and the drone go wild . it 's engine thrusting , fight against the counter - force of the bubbleship 's engine . the drone gun blasting in every direction , but unable to elevate to hit the bubbleship . inside the bubbleship . Julia scream as the ship tumble end over end . Jack stay on the control , tracking the last drone close from above . ( continued ) 84 . continued : Jack force drone and ship to turn , turn drone 166' canon on the last drone which explode . jack there ... he punch the throttle . the bubbleship with drone 166 attach blast in the direction of a cliff face . drone 166 get free of one restraint , rotate so its cannon come to bear on part of the undercarriage . open up , blast the storage to bit ... and Jack pull up , just clear the ridge , drone 166 impacting rock . the drone blast clear through , crash onto volcanic rock . int . the bubbleshipp - continuous Jack and Julia in the damage , smoking , now - shaking ship . jack you okay ? julia no . Jack nod , turn the ship north again . the bubbleship shaking and smoking . up ahead , the ridgeline approach . warning alarm trigger on the bubbleship 's display claxon-like . julia ( cont 'd ) what be that ? jack Radiation warning . we be five click from the border . Jack make a adjustment , the bubbleship surge with more speed . it sound like it 's go to tear itself apart . ext . rock near crater lake - continuous the smashed drone 166 power back up . a moment as it run its system , then blast off in pursuit . 85 . int . bubbleship - continuous on the head - up , they can see drone 166 come up behind they , close fast . Jack touch a familiar button . the bar-guage for he extra boost start to fill ... from behind they , blast go wide . drone 166 be fire , miss . the bar gauge falter , something break . Jack slam the dash . gauge keep rise . the bubbleship start to buck as red warning text stream across the canopy : " lethal radiation level approaching . do not enter . " julia Jack ... jack I get this . Jack hit it . they be both propel back into they seat . the radiation zone come up fast ... they cross into the zone !! .and the bubbleship go completely dead . Jack work control , punch at the display . but there 's nothing . just the whistling sound of wind ... jack ( cont 'd ) bob! bob ! what be you do Bob !!!!! Bob just bobble ... blam ! blam blam !! the blast from drone 166 impact they , helpless . jack ( cont 'd ) hold on !! Jack grab a level , a mechanical lever , and haul it up . the cockpit of the ship separate from the body . the dead body of the ship tumble backwards as drone 166 blast it , try to pull up but the bubbleship impact drone 166 which spin out of control towards the ground . the bubbleship cockpit skim the surface , impact a ridge , blast through it . it hit another ridge , the canopy shatter , earth pile in on they as they finally grid to a stop . Jack groan , lean to check that Julia be okay . she 's cough , daze , but alive . 86 . ext . radiation zone - continuous Jack open the canopy door . it fall off . he stumble out , himself still daze . wind and sand blow around he . close on jack . he breathes in . breathes again . wait for a painful death , that do not arrive . jack Son of a bitch , old man ... word die on he lip as he track the plume of smoke from the down drone 166 , lift over a nearby ridge . he turn back to the ruin ship , grab he carbine . jack ( cont 'd ) stay here . Jack run towards the smoke which be already be blow clear by a rise sand storm . he flop down in the dirt at the top of the rise , bring he weapon up . jack Pov - drone 166 . it lie smashed and smoking at the bottom of a incline . finally dead . the wind and sand be beginning to whistle now , grow intensity ... Jack start to stand ... when a familiar SOUND make he turn . that of a bubbleship . Jack hit the dirt as a bubbleship , just like Jack 's , scream overhead and land next to the drone , in a moment eerily reminiscent of the first scene of the film . below , a man get out of the second bubbleship . he wear the same kind of suit as Jack . another repair man . he 's get a bandana wrap around he lower face to shield he from the sandstorm . Jack reach for he binocs , bring they to he face only to find the lense shattered . reaching the down drone , the man kneel next to it and in a familiar fashion begin utilize he tool to fix drone 166 . he lock a damage cannon back into place , tighten it ... Jack suddenly realize what the man 's do . he stand , the wind now blast in he direction , he start run down the hill towards the man . ( continued ) 87 . continued : jack ( cont 'd ) hey ! hey , wait ! stop ! do not touch that drone ! his word be eat up by the wind and sand . he rush forward . with the repairman . we only see he hand as he work on drone 166 . he 's very good . even in the grow sandstorm he clip out a ruin board , slot a new one in . run a by-pass around a wire - bundle . the repairman 's finger go to a familiar switch to activate the drone ... jack voice no ! wait ! the repairman hear the voice , even as he flip the switch . he leap back , spin around , he carbine come off he back , line on Jack fifteen foot away who stare back at he in utter astonishment . jack Pov -- the repairman . holding the weapon on he . the man be Jack . a cleaner , new , but identical version of Jack ... a clone . Jack stare , transfix . now it all make sense : the garble transmission , Victoria 's last word , who or what he really be , and be not . not so for Jack 2 . he take a step back , confuse , horrify . a tense moment . julia' voice Jack !? Julia have just crest the rise , see the two Jack 's . also understanding ... jack Julia ! stay back ! Jack 2 sense she movement , spin and aim he rifle as Jack rush forward -- jack ( cont 'd ) no ! -- he hit jack 2 and they both go down , the weapon firing ! they fight over the weapon . ( continued ) 88. continued : ( 2 ) blow for blow combat , they physical strength and training identical , the only exception be that jack 2 be fresh , he suit immaculate , a man who have just arrive at work , maybe just arrive on the planet . with julia . stand , watch the two clone fight ... she suddenly drop to she knee , she hand on she side . blood seep between she finger . she 's be shot , badly . with jack and jack 2 . Jack grapples with Jack 2 , try to control he ... jack ( cont 'd ) stop ! you have to understand ! you have to understand ... Jack 2 throw Jack , leap on top of he , try to throttle he , in a full panic . Jack drive up into he gut , roll away . jack ( cont 'd ) we be just drone ! we be just drone , man ! you and I ! do not you get it ? do not you know ? Jack 2 come at Jack wildly , emotion over - amp technique . Jack duck the blow , wrap Jack 2 up in a choke-hold . squeezing ... jack ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . it 's go to be okay ... Jack 2 go limp , unconscious . Jack let he go , stagger back . everything finally processing . then : jack ( cont 'd ) Julia ... he turn towards Julia , see she kneel there , hold she side . the blood seeping between she finger ... jack run to she as she begin to fall . she be conscious , but just barely . but still , she pull back from he . julia ( horrified ) do not touch I . do not she lurch away from he , body run on fear and adrenaline . Jack nod , accept she terror of he . ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 3 ) he move forward , lift she up against she willand carry she to shelter among the rocky terrain closeby . ext . SMALL rocky enclave - continuous Jack set she down . there 's blood frosting she lip and she skin have go pale . he look back , see the bubbleship and Jack 2 's form lie next to it . he realize something . jack I will be back for you . int . bubble ship 2 - moment later Jack climb in , look around at the interior of the ship , at the similarity . he stare out at the unconscious Jack 2 in front of the ship . jack ( empty word ) one , two , three. Jack harper . a moment ... then light sparkle across the board . jack ( cont 'd ) okay ... let 's go home . the bubbleship 2 lift off . int / ext . bubbleship 2 - day ( later ) on jack . make the approach . and then he see it : another Sky Tower , just like he . it have to be there . the bubbleship close on this new Sky Tower . ext . sky tower 2 , garden - day a woman we know but do not know be start she new garden . victoria 2 . she look happier , a little young and more radiant than the Victoria we know . it 's earlier in they tour . Victoria 2 look up as the bubbleship land . smile as Jack get out and cross the bridge towards she . victoria 2 you be early ... ( continued ) 90 continued : as he approach she notice he damage environmental suit . victoria 2 ( cont 'd ) what happen out there ? I lose contact . jack stare at she , heartbroken . jack . just a bit of a dust up . victoria 2 be you all right ? he nod . she come over to he . he marvel at she beauty , the simplicity of life here ... victoria 2 ( cont 'd ) ( self -conscious ) . what ? she come close , brushes he hair away from he forehead . victoria 2 ( cont 'd ) you dream a lot last night . I be think , you have to start write they down . jack I cut myself , I just come by for ... victoria 2 I will get it . jack no , I will get it . he kiss she . Gentle , loving ... jack ( cont 'd ) I will get it . you stay here . and as jack go into the sky tower , she return to happily plant she rose . oblivious . int . sky tower 2 , work area - moment later as Jack head through he work area he see a collection . just start , but not much different from he own . ( continued ) 91 continued : some coin , a book , the collected poem of t.s. elliot , leave open to a page , a passage underline . he read : we shall not ceasefromexploration and the end of allourexplor will be to arrivewherewe first start and know the placeforthe first time . he nod , strangely move , move on . int . sky tower 2 , infirmary - continuous he grab the healant and wand . he shut the cabinet , stare at he reflection in the burnish steel . int . sky tower 2 , ready room - continuous he open the door to the locker . stare at the brand - new , unworn picture of he and Victoria , tape to the inside of the door . int . sky tower 2 - moment later Jack come out into the live area of Sky Tower 2 , notice everything : the furniture , the big thing be exactly the same , but the little personal touch , the smaller detail be different . he see it all in a different light now . thing that he never look twice at before . the item use to keep they from the truth . Victoria 2 come in from outside , wash she hand . victoria 2 we should watch a movie tonight . he sit , look around himself . he belong here . he fit here . Victoria munch on something . victoria 2 ( cont 'd ) I be go over the catalog and there 's still a bunch of you favorite I have not see ... she glance over , smile . who would not forget everything for that smile ? 92 . int . bubbleship 2 - moment later Jack stare down as the bubbleship lift off from Sky Tower 2 . he see Victoria 2 come out , look at he puzzle . then she move towards she Control Station . after a moment , she voice come over the comm . victoria 2 hey , you do not say goodbye . jack ( beat ) good bye ... he turn the bubbleship , towards ext . radiation zone - day Jack touch down in the second bubbleship . drone 166 still lie there , but Jack 2 be gone . ext . SMALL rocky enclave - day Jack clamber into the enclave to where he leave Julia . she 's pass out , she look dead . there 's blood on the ground around she . he pull she into he lap , pull away the clothing around the wound . as he do , she eye flutter open . she 's delirious , eye fix on he . jack this be gonna pinch a little . julia ( not processing ) okay ... he spread the healant over she wound , activate it . for a moment , nothing . then the skin start to knit . and Julia start to scream ... int . bubbleship 2 - later Julia be unconscious , propped in the passenger seat of the ship . Jack climb in , jam Bob the bobblehead onto the dash . it bobble at he , ready . Jack hit the gas and the bubbleship lift into the air . 93. int . bubbleship 2 - day the bubbleship soar through the sky . there 's something particularly calm , picturesque , exquisitely beautiful about the earth below . Jack pilot . in the seat next to he , Julia be pale , propped against the canopy , recover . she watch he . he 's aware of she gaze , but he do not look over . int . crater lake , grotto - sunset Julia weakly stand amidst the tarped supplies , aware she 's trespasp somewhere utterly private . outside , the sound of Jack split wood . she take in the book , the record , the memento of the past . see the jammer up and work ... Jack come in , get to work pile wood in the fireplace . he will not meet she eye . scare of himself , ashamed in front of she ... jack I always think that plateau up there could be for a house someday . I think about remain here , let the rest of humanity run off to Mars . and we would just stay here . Jack stop himself , realize how easily he say " we . " julia I be sorry . Jack ... jack no . he move away from she , light the fire , it start to crackle . he get up and go , walk down to the lake . she stand near the fire , glad for its warmth , watch he out there , silhouett in front of the lake . with jack . he stare out over the water . letting the truth wash over he . and then music from the grotto ... the open bar to the temptation 's " my girl . " 94 . int . grotto , crater lake -- night Julia stand by the record player , watch the disc revolve . she look up when Jack 's form appear in the doorway . he 's be out there too long , cold . julia he love this song . Jack sit , shiver , look out at the lake . she move to he , wrap a blanket around he . jack what be he like ? julia he be arrogant , and annoying , and the best man I would ever know . some distant part of Jack smile at that . julia ( cont 'd ) . and I love he . jack I be not that man . julia shhhhh . yes you be . she rest she head against on he shoulder , hold he . simple , caring . his eye ... close . int . mission control , NASA - evening ( flashback ) a group of astronaut and NASA controllers be celebrate . a television screen read : " odyssey Mission a go ! " a younger jack and julia be among the people celebrate . as a astronaut pop champagne , Jack and Julia find a private alcove , he lift out the engagement ring that she wear on the necklace around she neck ... younger jack we should just tell everybody . younger julia no , when we come home ... they kiss ... 95 . tnt . a dark room - night they body entwine . kiss , touch . clothing pull away . stare into each other 's eye . int . NASA crew apartment - early dawn younger Jack stare out the window at the odyssey on its launchpad in the distance . steam roll off its engine . it 's be readied to launch . younger julia hey ... he look over , smile . she 's naked under the sheet , happy , smile back at he . ext . crater lake - morning ( present ) Jack 's eye blink open . Julia be asleep near he , peaceful . he turn , stare into the lighten morning sky . the Tet rise with the sun . ext . crater lake -- morning Jack walk to the water 's edge . he stare at the reflection of the Tet in the glassy surface of the lake . and under that , a fish , nibble alga ... he smile at the fish . julia ( o.s. ) good morning . he turn . she 's there , arm hold around herself against the chill of morning . they look at each other , so much to be say . jack we can not stay here . she smile , nod . int . bubbleship 2 - day Jack and Julia fly low over terrain . as the bubbleship crest a rise and drop down into a steep canyon , she take he hand . he glance at she , let he hand stay in hers . the entrance to raven rock loom ahead ... ( continued ) 96 . continued : his eye narrow . there 's smoke , drift from inside raven rock . ext . raven rock - day as the bubbleship touch down , the carnage become clear . a few shattered drone lie here and there , but there be body and smoking blast point everywhere . jack grab he carbine , head inside . jack stay here ... int . raven rock - day as Jack move into the darkness of the ruin raven rock , he suit 's light blaze on . he move in , weapon ready . body be everywhere , blast to piece . fire still burn here and there . paint bubbles on burn canvas . record melt and drip in the heat ... Jack turn a corner , find syke staring at he ! but he eye be dead . syke still hold a spear implant in a drone 's wreck body . a flickering light draw Jack 's attention . int . raven rock , chamber - continuous beech be slump in a chair , blastburnt , clutching a char black box in he arm . his eye half - lidd , he stare at : newsreel footage , from when the Tet arrive . on the screen crowd stare , the UN meet , cult form . the moon in the sky , its surface vibrate , then start to come apart . people scream ... cut to War footage . alien troop -ship touch down , they design distinctly tet-like . they discharge wave of warrior ... close on : Hand hold , war-journalism . we see the alien soldier push back resistance . all of they be version of Jack . one sight the cameraman , blam ! blow he away . camera hit dirt .. smash ! Jack be there next to beech . he 's just push the projector over . ( continued ) 97 . continued : beech ( not look up ) the first one be soldier , program only to kill . beech slowly , painfully , look at he . Little emotion in beech , just resign recognition . beech ( cont 'd ) later , there be new version . more ... creative . the Tet need something different . and finally there be ... you . jack I be the weapon of this war . beech smile sardonic , nod . beech the Tet . the clockmaker god. such brilliant , complex machinery ... for such a simple task . to steal we water , we life ... all for fuel . ( beat ) it do not even care about we . it 's just ... effective . jack why do not you tell I ? beech not the kind of news that . ( cough up blood ) .motivate a man . beat , then low , defeat . beech ( cont 'd ) we lose , Jack . it win . jack the device ...? beech ( shaking he head ) no drone . it will go on , devour world , after world ... ( beat ) you like book , Jack . beech close he eye , recalling from memory ... ( continued ) 98 . continued : ( 2 ) beech ( cont 'd ) " coward die many time before they death ; the valient never taste of death but once . " beech 's voice trail off ... Jack kneel in front of beech . the old man' eye be open , fix on the artwork , the remnant of humanity ... but they do not blink any longer . beech be dead . Jack reach up , close beech 's eye . he remove the box from beech 's arm : the flight recorder from the odyssey . julia' voice there be a way . Julia stand in the doorway to the library . julia it want I . bring I to it . ( off he silence ) I be right . you know I be . it 's the only way . int . work hanger , raven rock - moment later the room destroy . the disassembled drone a smoking hulk . Jack work in front of a open Delta sleep pod from the odyssey . he haul the cylindrical bomb to the pod , slot it into the space for personal effect ... julia be it ready ? Julia be stand at the entrance to the room . he nod and she approach , stare at what will be she coffin . jack Julia ... julia let 's just do it . she move to climb in , then turn to Jack and kiss he . it 's a kiss fill with a lifetime of kiss miss . finally , it break . she back away , into the pod , next to the bomb . tremble as the door start to close . suddenly , she 's very scared . Fighting back panic . ( continued ) 99 . continued : julia ( cont 'd ) Jack ... Jack !! the door close , seal . Jack stare down at she through the carapace . he put a hand on the glass . she put hers on the other side . julia ( cont 'd ) . I get this . he touch a button and a pale gas start to fill the chamber . Julia realize that this will be she last moment of consciousness . tremble , cry , afraid ... julia ( cont 'd ) Jack ... and she fall asleep . Jack stare at she sleep form . jack dream about we . ext . raven rock - later wind tear at he , jack load the sleep pod onto the drine - carrier of the bubbleship . tnt / ext . bubbleship , outter atmosphere - later the bubbleship hover high above the cloud , the Delta pod attach beneath it . Jack stare down at the earth . he hit a control and the ship rotate , so it 's face upwards towards the Tet which fill the sky above . Jack touch the throttle and the bubbleship begin to climb . Jack have the odyssey flight recorder on the seat next to he . he touch a control and the audio fill the canopy . it 's distant , fuzzy , record from deep space . Jack listen as the Tet grow in size in front of he . original jack voice good morning folk , this be captain Jack harper here in the cockpit . we be settling in at a cool one hundred and fifty click from the unidentified fly object ... 100 . int . space shuttle odyssey - no time ( flashback ) the original jack in the Pilot 's seat , original victoria next to he , co-pilote . Jack grins as he peer out at the Tet , just a small geometry among the star ... original jack ( to Mission Control ) so far , from this distance , we be still read zero heat signature , no sign of organic life . do I mention we be still really far away ? original victoria Mission plan have we approach to one hundred kilometer , do we initial readout ... original jack yes , because everyone know , if you want to really know something , one hundred kilometer be the best distance -- original victoria stop . we do not know what it be , if it have intention . original jack ( to Mission Control ) I think she just make my point -- int . bubbleship 2 - continuous ( present ) Jack touch a control , the sound from the recorder fast forward . hour and hour of time on the odyssey fly by . the bubbleship have reach the stratosphere where the blue sky give way to black space . we see the small ship detach from the blue curve of earth , the blackness of space in front of it . jack Bob , let 's prep for outer atmosphere . outside , the bubbleship start to transform for outer space as it rise higher and higher ... ( continued ) 101 . continued : the tet ( a metallic voice ) technician harper . jack finally . there you be . the tet you ship have convert to space mode . this be not authorize . jack I be deliver the survivor from the crash of the NASA ship . on jack . the Tet reflect in he eye . jack ( cont 'd ) we be ... a more effective team . the tet . proceed . Jack ... exhales . the tiny bubbleship climb towards the massive artificial moon as the audio from the flight recorder surround he again ... original jack voice -- we do not know if we be deal with E.T. or the klingon here , and we be not go to from this distance . int . space shuttle odyssey no time ( flashback ) the original jack and original victoria , in a friendly argument . original victoria it could be inert . anything on it could be long go by now . original jack which be why we need to make contact , before it just blow on by like some ... original victoria which be why we need to make contact . ( continued ) 102 . continued : he double - take , relieved that she finally agree with he , smile . original victoria ( cont 'd ) ( to Mission Control ) I agree with Commander harper . it cross whatever light year of space and time to come this close to we . we be not go to really know anything about it from this far away . int . bubbleship 2 - continuous present Jack sit in the bubbleship , the Tet loom above , the voice surround he .. , remember . int . odyssey space shuttle - no time ( flashback ) they must have be give clearance to approach , because the Tet now fill the view in front of they . original victoria Mission control say maintain one thousand meter . original Jack touch a control . the shuttle push forward , a little . original victoria ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? original jack this be a once in a lifetime opportunity . original victoria we have we order , Jack . we be to let it proceed without -- original jack we be . we be go to let it proceed whereever it 's go ... he lift out of he seat , float back towards the mid- section of the shuttle . original victoria Jack ... ( continued ) 103 . continued : he 's already pull on a spacesuit . near he be the row of Delta sleep pod . in the nearest one , he can see Julia , asleep . he put he hand on the glass ... original jack I will be right back ... original , victoria be we really go to do this ? he look over . original Victoria be already pull on she spacesuit ... a last glance back at Julia , then he turn away . he smile at Victoria , drift next to she , pull out a small camera and point it back at the two of they ... jack let 's make history . flash . the birth of the picture of the two of they , eye fill with anticipation . the photo in Jack 's locker . ext . the odyssey in space - no time the shuttle airlock crack . two figure in Space suit emerge . small puff of gas , they head towards ... reverse angle . the Tet massive in front of they . they small form shrink at they approach it . close on jack . his face see through he visor as they approach . fill with wonder . the dark shadow of the Tet crossing over he , black out everything . int . bubble ship 2 --- continuous present we Jack sit at the control , the Tet now similarly massive in front of he , blotting out all other sight . he glance at the bobblehead , which tremble from the ship 's engine . jack it 's okay Bob , I be scared too . in front of he , a slot open in the Tet wall . the tet enter at headway speed only . ( continued ) 104 . continued : jack enter at headway speed . he fly into the Tet , carry the pod . int . the tet , outter chamber - continuous the tet be obviously of alien manufacture . in this huge bay , other bubbleship be be construct , weld together , by drone . jack drift above all of this . the tet leave the survivor and return to you duty . breathable atmosphere have be provide . a pad be illuminate for Jack to land . jack ( SMALL smile ) understood . Jack continue on , towards a huge door . the tet leave the survivor and return to you duty . jack ( touch a control ) you know , you make a mistake , Tet . you leave I curious . the tet reverse course . leave the -- jack and right now , I want to see what you be make of ... Jack gun he ship at the large door , open up with canon as he do . in front of he , the door implode just as Jack 's ship reach it , pass into ... int . the tet , internal chamber - continuous a vast space , mile in every direction . Jack 's ship streak along wall that pulse with energy ... ( continued ) 105 . continued : jack do you like book , Tet !? I like book . can I tell you something that I read ? behind the bubbleship . drone detach from the wall of the Tet , beginning pursuit . jack ( cont 'd ) it 's a story from Rome , a very great city , that you destroy . the bubbleship haul over , head deeper into the Tet . ext . radiation zone - continuous drone 166 sit inert in the sand where we last see it . now it rise up with a familiar and evil sound . it move off , search ... int . the tet , internal chamber - continuous jack 's fly as never before . drone fire reach he ! blast impact the bubbleship . jack there be a guy name horatius ... and he hold a bridge , alone . and when they tell he to run , to give up , he say -- boom ! a drine blast explode a whole engine of the ship . the bubbleship go into a uncontrollable spin , head straight at a wall ... jack ( cont 'd ) he say everybody die . the thing be , to die well ... smash ! Jack 's ship impact the wall , go halfway through . the canopy shatter . Glass and debris tear at he . int . the tet , incubation chamber - continuous Jack stumble out , badly wounded . he drag the pod off the carrier . he look around himself , see : ( continued ) 106 . continued : row upon row of empty glass pod . he track the wall , until near he ... there be a dozen with Jack and Victoria clone still inside . behind he drone blast away from behind the bubbleship . Jack stare at the clone , laugh morbidly . jack . what horatius say , what he argument be , be this ... he open the pod , revealing ... -- beech body , and on he chest the raw bomb . the nuclear warhead from the odyssey surround by ten deuterium fuel cell . the tet that be not the survivor . jack no . behind he . the drone blast away the last bit of the bubbleship , push through ... ext . crater lake - day a Delta sleep pod rest in front of Jack 's ruin grotto , near the lake 's edge . a timer now reach zero . the Delta pod unseal with a hisss , its door open . Soft daylight fall on Julia 's face . her eye move under they lid , then flicker open .. int . the tet , incubation chamber - continuous Jack see the drone swarm towards he . he start to recite , but falter . he 's really scared . jack how can a man die ... tnt . crater lake - continuous Julia emerge from the pod , confuse , look around . julia Jack ? ( continued ) 107 . continued : she see the metal cylinder , release it and it tumble to the ground . she crouch by it , open it . whatever she see move she to tear as in front of her , the form of drone 166 rise into view . its weapon train on she . she look up , right at it , resign ... int . the tet , incubation chamber - continuous as the drone swarm down , Jack close he eye , recite without embellishment . the way this word be mean to be spoken : jack how can man die better than face fearful odd , for the ash of he father , and the temple of he god ... the drone be on he , weapon lining ! jack ( cont 'd ) ( yelling ) do you hear I !!! Jack pound the trigger with he fist . as all the clone open they eye . .and everything be bath in white light . ext . the tet - continuous the Tet explode in a massive deuterium fission explosion , the entire artificial moon kill from within . ext . crater lake - continuous drone 166 fall inert in front of Julia as the Tet explode in the sky above she . she stare up , tear already run down she face . ext . various landsccape - continuous drone fall from the sky , powerless ... a resource gatherer yaws , lose power , and fall ponderously into what remain of the sea ... 108 ext . crater lake . continuous the explosion be like St elmo 's fire , refracted across the sky , all over the face of the earth . Julia look down at she hand which hold : a roll canvas , the only object inside the metal cylinder . she unroll it now . we glimpse a girl lie in golden field , a farmhouse in the distance . the painting from raven rock that remind she of home . on julia , weep , stare at the fire ball in the sky . black fade up on : ext . a garden - day well - tend . thick ripe fruit hang on vine . julia ( v.0 . ) the Tet arrive almost half a century ago . and it change we world forever ... we be at crater lake , three year in the future . the grotto have be turn into a house , the ground have be cultivate . rose and yellow flower grow near the house . a solar array power the spot . all Jack 's scavenge have go to very good use . there 's a small make - shift boat moor at the Lake 's edge . julia ( v.0 . ) it be probably surprised , what we be willing to do , to survive . Jack 's basketball sit alone near the hoop . julia ( v.0 . ) we have to unlearn what it mean , to call something we home . there 's a familiar painting , hang on the wall . the girl in the field of wheat , yearn towards home . julia ( v.0 . ) but we do . we start over . and so here we be now , everyone that 's leave ... ( continued ) 109 . continued : julia be turn over a patch of ground for next year . next to she , a child be digging she finger through loam . the child look up , stare across the water . julia well , almost everyone . a man stand at the edge of the water , on the opposite side . he wear the wreck remain of a worksuit , and carry a pack . it be Jack 2 . he 's age three year , he hair have grow , he boot be scavenge . he have travel a long way , and we know that as he stare across the water , he know exactly what he be look at . child who be that ? on julia . it 's be a long journey to this moment for she as well . she smile . julia it 's you father . come on , let 's go pick he up . end .