obsessed written by David loughery October 15 , 2007 fade in : ext . house in the hollywood hill - early morning a two -story California craftsman with a sold sign in the front yard . yukon suv pull into the drive and stop . the driver 's door open and derek charle step out , a handsome and likable African - american in he early 30' ; a guy who 's fight hard to make himself a success in business and life . derek wear a business suit and the first thing he do be cross the lawn to the sold sign . with a new homeowner 's look of satisfaction , derek grip the sold sign and pull it out of the ground . woman' voice derek ? D erek look over to where he pretty wife beth be stand beside the suv , hold they cute 2 year old son kyle in she arm . Beth shake she head with amusement . beth what be you go to do with that ? CUT to : int . live room - minute later the sold sign , now in piece , burn brightly in the fireplace . the rest of the room be empty except for kyle who be nearby , asleep in he stroller . derek and Beth 's voice drift down from upstairs . beth' voice this be come down . derek' voice why ? beth' voice do you want people to think we put it up ? derek' voice ( soft chuckle ) I do not know . I kind of like it . beth' voice please tell I you be joke . 2 . int . master bedroom - second floor derek and Beth stare up at they own reflection in a huge ceiling mirror . the rest of the room be vacant . derek all I be say , before we take it down ... maybe we should try it out . ( playful ) you know . christen the new house . beth and what do you suggest we use for a bed ? derek what do we need a bed for when we have get a fine shag carpet ? beth ( laugh ) because I be gonna have fine shag carpet tattoo all over my -- derek put he arm around she waist and pull she close . Beth resist -- but only slightly . beth ( cont would ) do not you have to go to work ? derek ( nuzzling she neck ) told `em I would be late . beth what about ... derek Kyle ? that boy would not wake up if a nuclear bomb go off . beth maybe not , but the mover ... derek wo not be here for another hour . Beth smile , give in . they look up at themselves in the mirror like naughty teenager . beth derek , you be so bad . ( continued ) m 3 . continued : derek be not that why you marry I ? as they begin to kiss passionately ... CUT to : ceiling mirror - minute later distorted image of derek and Beth in the mirror 's reflection , naked body intertwined , make love on the carpet . I nt. live room Kyle continue to snooze in he stroller . outside the window , a move van arrive and blows its horn . int . bedroom Beth , drowsing in derek 's arm . they stir at the sound of the horn . derek want I to stay ? crack the whip on this guy ? beth no . go to work and earn that promotion . somebody 's get to pay for all this . they share a quick kiss and then Beth swing over to find she clothes . as Beth dress , derek stare up at himself . he smile with satisfaction . life be good . CUT to : int . live room - later over bring in furniture , place a big glass table in the dining room area below the stair . nearby , Beth open a box and remove family picture . she arrange they with loving care on the mantle above the fire place . ( continued ) L a T C 4 . continued : framed photo of derek and Beth in they early dating day , at they wedding , celebrate holiday , Beth pregnant , the birth of Kyle ; photo illustrate the history of this happy family . UT to : int . yukon - day picture of Beth and Kyle smile at he from the dash , derek drive the freeway toward the skyscraper of downtown . he listen to the stock and financial report . then , switch over to CD and gnarl barkley 's " go daddy go " blare out . the two side of derek Charles . C UT to : ext . downtown LA - day angling down from a tower glass and steel office building as derek 's yukon enter the parking garage . CUT to : int . elevator derek and several other ride up from the parking garage . derek scan the Business page of a fold newspaper . he elevator stop on the ground floor , the door slide open and more people get on . the door shut and the car ascend . t other floor , people get on and off until it 's just derek and one other passenger : lisa sheridan , balance a arm load of thick file . she 's in she mid - 20' , white , beautiful , glass and hair pull back project a efficient , smart and sophisticated look ; simple blouse and skirt , high heel , great leg . Lisa glance over at derek , intrigue . isa gage / bendix ? derek look up from he paper with a distract smile . derek Excuse I ? lisa I could not help but notice we be both go to Seven . ( continued ) 5 . continued : derek right. gage / bendix . I work there . lisa I think you might . derek do you have a appointment with we ? lisa why ? do I look like a client ? derek actually , you do . lisa ( pleasant laugh ) W ell , I hate to shatter the illusion but I be just a lowly temp . derek ( genuinely surprised ) you be a temp ? lisa just here for the day . derek well , you could have fool I . Lisa shift on she foot . lisa I be beginning to think this heel be a big mistake . derek glance down at she shapely leg . lisa ( cont would ) I should have wear my track shoe . they have get I run all over town pick up this disclosure -- that 's when the pile in she arm slide south . the file fall to the floor and spread out in a mess . Lisa laugh and drop to she knee . lisa ( cont would ) God , I be such a klutz . derek bend down to help . they hand touch briefly . ( continued ) p L T 6 . continued : ( 2 ) derek no problem . Happen to anybody . they straighten up , look at each other . he door slide open , revealing the sleek and vast office of gage bendix , alternative asset management . isa thanks . I owe you one . camera follows derek through a warren of cubicle where staff worker attend phone and computer . he become aware that Lisa be right behind he . derek ( with humor ) be you follow I ? lisa no. I be take this file to mister Charles ' office . they say it be this way . derek derek Charles ? lisa I guess you probably know he . derek oh , yeah , I know he . ( lower he voice ) kind of a asshole , take himself waaaay too seriously . but do not tell he I say that . L isa I could get you into trouble ? derek deep trouble . approach a desk where derek 's assistant , a mild - look man in he late 30 's name patrick look up and smile . across from Patrick be another desk and another assistant , a middle - age woman name marge . atrick Morning , derek . how 's the new house ? ( continued ) 7 . continued : ( 3 ) derek total chaos . lucky for I , I sneak out as soon as the mover show up . patrick Beth must have love that . derek if she call mad -- and she will -- tell she I be in a meeting . patrick remember who use to sit at this desk ? she will know I be lie . derek ( with a smile ) good point . Patrick chuckle as derek enter he office and vanish inside . Patrick notice Lisa stand there with she arm load of file . patrick ( to Lisa ) can I help you ? Lisa stare at derek 's office . lisa that 's derek Charles ? patrick yes . Lisa break into a smile ; obviously charme . Patrick take amused notice of Lisa 's interest in derek . patrick ( cont would ) ( teasing ) watch it , girl . he 's marry . lisa the good one be always marry . patrick ( dramatic sigh ) or straight . CUT to : G G 8 . int . meeting room - later derek sit at a long table with he silver - haire boss , joe gage and he best friend and co-worker BEN kingman . one wall of the room be glass , give a view of the outer office activity . G age ( to derek ) do you talk to we german friend , herr ganz ? derek matter of fact , I just get off the line to Berlin . gage and ? derek ganz do not like the way the stock market 's be gyrate and he think the hedge fund wave be about to crest . age you think he 's right ? derek Hell , no . I think he 's a hundred percent wrong . we have not even get close to that point yet . hedge fund demand be come from individual investor which be why it 's gain mainstream acceptance . you know ganz . he get paranoid when anything go mainstream . he start make auf Wiedersehen noise but I manage to talk he into a private equity portfolio instead ... to the tune of 155 mile . age ( pleased ) I know there be a reason I promote you . no offense , Ben . BEN none take , Joe . I be just honore to be allow to exist in derek 's world . derek look over at Ben who wink at he . they be friend and good - nature ribbing be part of they relationship . ( continued ) B B 9 . continued : gage good . I want you to throw derek all you support on this one . T hat 's when Lisa walk by on the other side of the glass . gage perk up . gage ( cont would ) whose leg be that ? BEN never see `em before . derek I think she 's one of the temp . BEN you mean temptress ... gage remind I to call that agency and have they send over a couple more just like she . do not hurt to have a little eye candy around the office , do it , boy ? Ben agree . derek merely nod . he 's not comfortable with this tone of sexism . CUT to : int . office - evening end of the day . worker be leave . derek pass a open office door . Ben stick he head out . BEN I score a extra laker ticket for tomorrow night . think you can get free ? derek I be move into a new house . en so ? derek do I look like a man who want a divorce ? en I could call and say it 's a work emergency . ( continued ) D 10 . continued : derek thanks , but I think I will stay marry instead . BEN ( laugh ) coward . Ben duck back into he office . derek walk past a cubicle on they way to the elevator . lisa good night , mister Charles . derek stop , turn and see Lisa sit at a computer station . she smile . L isa ( cont would ) you punk'd I . derek ( laugh ) sorry but you set I up . lisa ( with humor ) do not worry . I will get my revenge . and by the way , you might like to know everybody who work here strongly disagree with you . derek about what ? lisa about derek Charles be a asshole . they all say he 's the nicest guy in the firm . derek well , that just prove he 's get `em all fool . lisa and he 's humble , too . I be Lisa , by the way . Lisa sheridan . derek well , it be nice to meet you , Lisa sheridan . good luck with you next job -- erek continue on to the elevator . Lisa call after he : ( continued ) C D 11 . continued : ( 2 ) lisa actually , they be keep I on a few more day , so I will probably see you on Monday . can not tell if he hear . Lisa watch he go out of sight , then , curious , she turn to she computer and pull up derek 's bio and picture on the company web site : " derek Charles graduate from ucla with a major in finance . began he career with major Wall Street brokerage firm before join gage / bendix work with client to help they accomplish they investment objective . from asset allocation and investment plan , pension analysis , etc . " C UT to : int . charle house - kyle's room - night Kyle be asleep in he crib . derek and Beth look down on he , smile , then move quietly toward the door . before they can sneak out , Kyle let out a cry . they look at each other . derek damn . almost make it . beth you turn . erek return to the crib and pick up Kyle . derek hey , little man . what 's wrong ? you should be ... ( feel he ) uh oh. poopy diaper . Beth ... beth ( in the doorway ; with a laugh ) I have be change he all day . Beth leave . derek carry Kyle over to the change table , open Kyle 's diaper and turn away . derek whew . what 's that woman be feed you ? UT to : T 12 . ext . charle house - later that night derek and Beth sit at a table on the outside deck that overhang a sheer drop to the canyon below . in the distance , the LA basin sparkles like a diamond in the night . derek and Beth be happy but exhaust . in front of they be a empty pizza box . derek pick up a bottle of champagne and pour some for Beth and himself . they be both a little drunk . beth well , we toast the house -- derek toasted Kyle -- beth you promotion -- derek but I have save the most important toast for last ... ( raise he glass ) to my beautiful wife who I love and adore more than anything in the world . beth and to my handsome husband . I ask for the moon and he give I the star . hey clink glass and drink . beth ( cont would ) derek ... derek ( yawns ) uh huh ? beth how would you feel about try out that mirror again ? this time in we own bed . derek ( perk up ) yeah ? give the magic mirror another test drive ? beth you know how I like look at you sexy butt . ( continued ) 13 . continued : derek ( laugh ) Beth , you be so bad . beth be not that why you marry I ? CUT to : ext . office - morning derek arrive to find Lisa sit at he outer desk in Patrick 's place . she look up and smile . she 's not wear she glass and she hair be down give she a softer , less severe look . lisa hi. remember I ? derek Lisa sheridan , girl temp . where 's Patrick ? lisa out with the flu . I do some trading with the other temp and wrangle you desk . I hope that 's okay . D erek uh ... sure . look over at the assistant outside the other corner office . derek ( cont would ) hey marge . marge good morning , derek . back to the temp . derek grab you pad and follow I . derek go into he office . Lisa collect she thing and do as tell . int . derek' office derek go behind the desk as Lisa enter and sit down on the couch . she cross she leg . that great leg . ( continued ) D 14 . continued : lisa I put a memo on you desk about the Christmas party this Friday . erek be it that time already ? derek pick up the memo and scan it . lisa why do not they invite spouse ? derek how 's that ? lisa to the Christmas party . it say " for employee only . " derek it 's like that in most company . they think people be more inhibit in front of they spouse , less likely to kick back and enjoy themselves and mingle with co-worker , which be what the party be about . lisa so , do this party get pretty wild ? derek just the opposite . lisa well that 's no fun . derek notice a container of Starbucks coffee . lisa ( cont would ) I call Patrick . he say you like it black with two sugar . derek be impressed . he open the container . lisa ( cont would ) if it 's cold , I can run down and nuke it in the break room . derek ( take a sip ) no , it 's perfect . Lisa be pleased . she raise she pad and pencil . ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 2 ) lisa Fire away . derek well , it 's Monday and first thing on Monday ... lisa I take care of that . derek take care of what ? lisa on monday you always send you wife a dozen long -stemm red rose . ( off derek 's look of surprise ) I call to confirm they have be deliver . derek thanks . lisa I think that 's incredibly sweet . how long have you two be marry ? derek Three year in March . lisa and you still send she flower every Monday morning ? lucky girl . derek it 's kind of a tradition . lisa Patrick say you start send they back when Beth work here as you assistant . be that how you win she heart ? derek well , it take a little more than rose . ( get down to business ) we need to run some call . lisa ( poised ) ready when you be . ( continued ) C 16 . continued : ( 3 ) derek ( amuse ) be you always this efficient ? lisa do that surprise you ? derek well , it 's just that most of the temp we get here ... lisa I think you will find I be not you typical temp . derek no. definitely not . ( then ) okay not you typical temp ... start with phil trendle at emerson ... set up a lunch for end of the week . wherever he want but push the Water Grill . then Terry Mills at imagio . be I go too fast for you ? lisa no . go faster . I can handle it . UT to : int . charle house - kitchen - day Beth be feed Kyle while talk on the phone to derek . beth it 's a beautiful little park with a duck pond and close enough to push Kyle . intercutting derek in he office , while he listen and go over report . beth ( cont would ) I have already meet a dozen other woman with kid the same age . one of they , lauren something ask if we would like to come over for a barbecue on Saturday . derek I do not know . it 's shaping up to be a work weekend . outside , at she desk , Lisa eavesdrop on she headset , listen with interest . ( continued ) D D 17 . continued : beth you can work at home and then we will go to the barbecue . a 's Beth chat on , derek get a weird feel . still on the phone , he slowly get up from he desk and move quietly to the door . he look out , expect to catch Lisa listen in . instead , she 's not at she desk . she 's stand several foot away at a file cabinet . she turn and smile at he . lisa do you need I ? derek shake he head no and step back into he office . CUT to : int . charle house - bedroom - night derek finish some work on he home computer . in the background , Beth sit in bed read a book . beth work at the office . this be home . come to bed . derek in a sec . derek finish . he rise , walk over to the bed and climb in beside Beth . she put she book on the night table and switch off the light . they cuddle together . Beth chuckle . beth the card that come today with the rose ... erek uh huh ? beth ... be address " to Betty . " erek Betty ? beth ( with humor ) you other wife ? yeah . who 's Betty ? ( continued ) B B 18 . continued : derek blame it on the new girl . Patrick call in sick and I have a temp on my desk . B eth I think we have a deal . no female assistant . derek honey , I do not control the temp pool . beth she pretty ? derek give Beth a look . eth ( cont would ) just ask ... derek yeah , she 's pretty ... plain . beth ( joking ) I do not care . I want she fire immediately . derek actually , she do a great job ... aside from the card . they get comfortable . Beth put she head on derek 's chest . eth night , derek . derek night ... Betty . Beth laugh , give he a playful punch . CUT to : int . office - day two delivery guy come out of the stairwell , struggle with a undecorate Christmas tree . marge direct they to a spot to put it . int . derek' office Beth and Kyle be visit . derek have Kyle on he desk , let he play with he key . ( continued ) 19 . continued : beth hope you do not mind we drop in unannounced . derek you kid ? this be a treat . beth Sheila 's meeting we for lunch at Central market . then I be take Kyle to the grove. ( to Kyle ) and who be we go to see at the Grove ? kyle ( excite ) Santa ! beth ( to derek ) you want to come ? get you picture take on Santa 's lap ? derek I would love to but I be all jamme up . but say hi to you sister . beth that guy she be see , the one we meet at Thanksgiving ... Jack . D erek the one she say be perfect . beth apparently he 's not so perfect . he tell she he just want to be fwb . derek fwb ? beth Friends with benefit . derek what do that mean ? beth you know . sex but no commitment . derek and Sheila 's get a problem with that ? ( continued ) ( 20 . continued : ( 2 ) Beth laugh . Lisa appear at the door . lisa Excuse I . they turn . Lisa smile sweetly . derek Lisa , this be my wife Beth . Beth , Lisa . she 's temping for Patrick . beth ( friendly but check she out ) hi. lisa it 's great to meet you , Mrs. Charles . eye lighting up ) and this must be Kyle . I can already tell he 's go to grow up to be a heartbreaker . Lisa come over . Kyle press shyly against derek . lisa ( cont would ) hi , Kyle . I be Lisa . when Kyle do not respond ... derek Kyle , say hello . beth he can say hello . he 's usually not this shy around stranger . lisa what a handsome boy . ( to derek ) he look just like you . derek actually , most people think he take after Beth . lisa talk about the perfect family . the three of you should be on a magazine cover . beth I hope my husband 's not work you too hard . ( continued ) B 21 . continued : ( 3 ) lisa ( cheery tone ) he be . but I like it . I be learn a lot . ( to derek ) Joe gage need to see you when you get a minute . beth well , that 's we cue to leave . we just drop in to say hi. ( take Kyle from derek ) come on , big boy . Lisa step back , move off to the door . lisa it be great to meet you ... Beth . eth you , too ... Laura . she do it on purpose , winking at derek . he smile . lisa Lisa . beth Excuse I ? lisa it 's Lisa . you say Laura . beth I do ? if Lisa know she 's be fuck with , she do not show it . beth ( cont would ) sorry . Lisa . lisa ( waving ) bye , Kyle . say hi to Santa for I . Lisa exit . a beat . derek ( to Beth ) that be intentional . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 4 ) beth be not I . blame " Betty . " so what 's the deal with she ? derek what do you mean ? beth she know I be take Kyle to Santa . derek so ? beth so she be obviously listen at the door . derek well , she probably do not know when to come in . beth I think you say she be plain . derek , that girl may be a lot of thing but one of they be not plain . derek how would I know ? I only have eye for you . B eth ( laugh ) oh , you be so slick . they put Kyle in he stroller . derek come on . I will walk you to the elevator . you can say hi to the old gang . ( beat ) ever miss it ? beth I like to think I trade up . derek beam . they share a kiss . ext . elevator derek , Beth and Kyle be surround by office worker make a fuss over Beth and Kyle . even Joe gage come out of he office to embrace Beth and chat . ( continued ) T D L 23 . continued : Lisa watch from a distance . her face betray no emotion . after a moment , she turn and enter derek 's office . isa sit behind the desk in derek 's chair and look at a frame picture on derek 's desk -- derek , Beth and Kyle , the perfect happy family . nearby , Lisa see a pile of CD 's . she look through they and smile with a idea . CUT to : int . suv - day a warm LA morning with a hot sun come up . derek drive to work , listen to gnarl ' " crazy . " int . office - morning worker hang bulb and decoration on the Christmas tree . a festive holiday spirit be in the air . derek exit the elevator , head to he office . Patrick be back at he desk . D erek hey , Patrick . feeling better ? patrick much . thanks . ( beat ) you know it 's go to take more than the flu to keep I away from that Christmas party . lisa ( o.s. ) not sure we can say the same for marge ... derek turn to see Lisa , now sit at marge 's desk . erek you get around do not you ? lisa ( cont 'd ) poor thing call in with a fever ... patrick yeah ... she 's not speak to I at the moment . he three share a laugh . ( continued ) L D 24 . continued : derek alright . you two behave yourselves out here ... erek go into he office . we stay with Patrick and Lisa . patrick ( whisper to Lisa ) so , how many time do you get bust listen in on derek 's call ? lisa ( light laugh ) I be way too devious to ever get catch . besides , I think all you assistant listen in . patrick ( with a smile ) we do . a beat . Lisa wonder if she might make a friend here . lisa how long have you work here ? patrick ten year this spring . isa I will bet you know more about what go on behind this close door than anybody . patrick oh you get that right girl . I know all the dirty little secret . L isa well maybe we should grab a drink some night after work for a little girl talk . patrick ( lonely guy ; flatter by she interest ) listen , honey , if you think you can buy my silence with a couple of cosmo 's ... you be right . they share a laugh , bond . CUT to : 25 . int . office - day desert at lunch hour . derek , in shirtsleeve , emerge from he office and approach the break room . int . break room derek enter , open the refrigerator and take out a lunch bag . he hear a slight sniffling noise , turn and be surprised to find Lisa seat a corner table , a little tearful . Lisa look up , quickly wipe she eye with she hand and put on a smile . lisa sorry . I think everybody be at lunch . a awkward moment . Lisa start to rise . lisa ( cont would ) I should go ... derek no. stay . I be just gonna take this back to my office . Lisa sit back down . derek start to leave ; hesitates . derek ( cont would ) anything I can do to help ? I mean ... if you want to talk about it . lisa it 's nothing . derek most people I know do not cry over nothing . lisa ( with humor ) you think I be cry ? this be just my allergy . derek uh huh . what be you allergic to ? lisa Men , apparently . actually it 's more like they be allergic to I . ( continued ) ( 26 . continued : derek boyfriend trouble ? Lisa hesitates , wonder if she can confide . lisa it 's stupid really . ( a beat ) this guy I have be see just call and dump I . Middle of the day . no warning . no explanation . just " I do not think we should see each other anymore . " derek ouch !!! that 's pretty cold . how long be you together ? lisa two month . small laugh ) actually , it be one of my longer last relationship . I do not know what it be but sooner or later I just seem to scare man off . ( beat ) I be start to think there 's something wrong with I . derek sit down beside she . he put a comforting hand on she shoulder . derek ( like a big brother ) nothing wrong with you . you boyfriend 's a fool , that 's all . lisa I wish I could believe that . derek maybe you just have not meet the right guy yet . lisa I be beginning to think all the good one be take . D erek look , I be no expert but if it do not work out , maybe it be not mean to be . when the right guy come along ... you will know it . ( continued ) D ( D L 27 . continued : ( 2 ) she look up at he ; smile . lisa be that how it be with you and Beth ? derek actually , yeah . we both know pretty quick . lisa Love at first sight ? derek it do happen . isa great . now I be jealous . derek why ? lisa she 's get it all . perfect husband , perfect child , perfect marriage . erek nobody 's perfect . there be problem in every relationship . the important thing be to keep move forward . try to buck she up ) do not get down on yourself . you be a bright , attractive girl . any man would be lucky to have you . lisa oh , yeah . right . derek no , really . if I be single ... lisa but you be not . erek I just mean ... lisa I know . you be just try to make I feel better . ( touch he hand ) and you have . Lisa get up . ( continued ) I 28 . continued : ( 3 ) lisa ( cont would ) thanks , derek . derek ( encouraging ) hang in there . it will happen . Lisa nod . she smile and exit . ncident forget , derek open he lunch bag and take out a sandwich . B en appear in the doorway , grin at derek . BEN what be that all about ? derek poor kid get dumped by she boyfriend . BEN really ? I would not mind take up the slack . that be one hot piece of ass there . ( off derek 's look ) like you have not notice . derek ( amuse ) hey , I be a happily marry man . and so be you . BEN do not mean we can not look . Ben go to the refrigerator , open it and start root around . BEN ( cont would ) not like the old day , back when you could get away with a little office nookie on the side and not get nail for it . ( turn and give he a grin ) do not give I that " I be appal " look . that 's how you get together with Beth , be not it ? derek Ben , if you be look to start something with that girl ... ( continued ) ( D 29 . continued : ( 4 ) BEN you see she first ? derek fuck off . BEN besides , I do not think I be she type . now you on the other hand ... erek Ben , do I a favor ... BEN all I be just sayin ' be a lot of this single gal see the work place as a hunt ground . cock he finger like a gun ) and this one 's get you in the cross hair . with a grin , Ben " pull the trigger -- bang ! " and exit . derek look a little annoyed . C UT to : int . derek' office - day derek at he desk . he notice a envelope with he name on it . he open the envelope . a note and a home - make CD slide out . " thanks for the shoulder , Lisa . ( think you might like this . ) " curious , derek feed the CD into he computer , lower the volume and be hit with gnarl barkley in concert . he turn down the volume and smile , continue to listen . he hear the ding of a IM on he computer . it 's from tempgirl : TIS the season to be gnarly . derek consider , type back . where did U find this reply : concert bootleg . totally illegal . we could be arrested . he respond : worth the risk . I luv gnarl . ( continued ) C 30 . continued : reply : I 2 he respond : thanx . get back 2 work . she reply : gone daddy gone . derek smile , then go back to work . CUT to : int . charle house , kitchen - day Breakfast . Beth and derek at the table . derek be feed Kyle . we can see a naked , undecorate Christmas tree in the next room . beth on you way home , can you pick up that baby Einstein dvd 's for you know who . derek I will have to do it tomorrow . Office party 's tonight . beth I forget . well , if you drink too much , take a cab , okay ? D erek if it 's anything like last year , I will be home early . ( then ) Kyle , I want you to eat this . Kyle shake he head " no " and point at the Christmas tree . kyle Santa ! derek yeah , Santa . and he 's come soon . so eat . do not you know Santa only bring present to boy who eat all they food ? Kyle consider ; then furiously eat . derek and Beth laugh . UT to : int . restaurant - day derek sit at the bar by himself , read the paper . he look up and see Lisa come in . Lisa catch derek 's eye , surprised . then she smile , start to make she way over ... ( continued ) D 31 . continued : lisa ( gesture to the empty stool next to he ) this seat take ? derek ( always a good guy ) no . be my guest ... a half -hour later Lisa be sit next to derek at the bar . the food have come . derek ( cont would ) ( chewing ) still the best burger in town . Lisa chew and nod in agreement . erek ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) ( whisper ) ... and the best margarita . lisa ( raise she eyebrow ) really ? derek we use to cut loose here after a long day at work . lisa work hard , play hard . right ? derek ( laugh ) back in the day ... ( beat ) how 's that boyfriend trouble come ? lisa keep move forward , right ? D erek exactly . lisa how about you , derek ? what 's the grand plan ? ( continued ) L L L 32 . continued : ( 2 ) derek you know , run the company by 35 . jet by 40 . retire to my private island and own the laker by 50 . isa laugh . isa laker suck . derek not with I in charge . touche . they both smile . isa you want one ? derek what ? lisa a margarita ? derek oh , I do not know . lisa c'mon big talker ... it 's Christmas time . Works dead -- derek 's not sure . lisa ( cont would ) I will not tell if you do not . derek all right . one . what do you like ? strawberry ? lisa rock . Salt ... CUT to : int . office - evening the Christmas party be in full swing with music , two bartender and lower light . the tree be all light up . the mood be happy and playful and people be get a little tipsy . ( continued ) m D 33 . continued : a male worker give a female worker a back massage with a computer mouse . Joe gage , in a Santa suit , be pass out gag present . Lisa be in a group with Patrick and some other woman , chat . she glance over and see derek . he 's off to the side with Ben , sip drink . esk and furniture be shove back and worker be free - style dance , crowd into the center of the room . arge grab derek by the arm and pull he out . derek make some half - heart dance move , then get into the spirit . it 's crowded , people be close together and a moment later , derek find himself dance face to face with Lisa . L isa ( with humor ) well , if it be not the Office asshole . derek that 's mister Office asshole to you . lisa I be impressed . you can dance . derek all that year watch soul train . lisa ( laugh ) I be not sure I be go to come tonight . derek why not ? lisa well , it 's not like I have be here that long . derek I be sure everybody 's glad you decide to show up . lisa even you ? derek what do you mean " even I ? " I be you number one supporter around here . ( continued ) D D 34 . continued : ( 2 ) this make she smile happily . lisa ( look up ) uh oh . derek look up , too . they be under the mistletoe . erek how do that get there ? they look at each other , smile . a awkward moment . derek laugh it off . lisa ( playful ) maybe a quick one on the cheek ? if we do not , people will really suspect there 's something go on . but derek step away . derek guess we will just have to take that chance . lisa ( good nature laugh ) coward . the music change , break the mood . derek smile at Lisa and slip away , rejoining Ben . erek look at he watch . BEN you be not think about bail , be you ? fun 's just get start . remember last year ? Sally sloane do a table dance . h e indicate a pretty secretary laughing and accept another drink . BEN ( cont would ) I give she one more drink , then stand back . how about you , buddy ? need a be - fill ? come on , where 's you holiday spirit ? derek with Beth and Kyle . I be gonna take a piss and sneak out . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 3 ) BEN you be no fun . derek head down the hall , a little unsteady . int . men' room derek enter . no one else around . he go to the urinal and begin to unzip . about 30 second later he hear the door open and close but think nothing of it because it be a large public Men 's restroom in the workplace with 4 urinal and 2 stall . but suddenly , a hand snake around he waist and grab he crotch . derek whirl around , face to face with a brazen , smile Lisa who dangle a sprig of mistletoe in she free hand . her eye flash with desire . derek ( alarm ) what be you do ? Lisa try to kiss he . derek resist . he stagger away from the urinal with Lisa still hold he . derek ( cont would ) Lisa -- they knock open a stall door and fall in . derek go back against the toilet and Lisa be now practically straddle he . D erek ( cont would ) Lisa , stop -- lisa why ? derek be you out of you -- that 's when someone come in . derek kick the stall door shut with he foot just in time . he and Lisa freeze , press close together as a drunk male worker stagger to the urinal and unzip . Lisa hide a giggle . derek be horrify they will be discover . then ... the drunk begin to piss . loudly . and then begin to sing Santa Claus be come to town ... even more loud . ( continued ) 36 . continued : in the stall , Lisa and derek be face to face . his hand grab she wrist as she squeeze he crotch . he try to remove it but she grip be like a vice . derek ( cont would ) for god 's -- lisa oh , come on ... hear something , the drunk hesitates in mid-piss , look back over he shoulder . drunk ( bleary ) hey , who 's there ? derek be trap . Lisa give he a naughty smile . she 's in control and enjoy this , turn on by the thrill of get catch . drunk ( cont would ) somebody in there ? Lisa be about to answer . derek hush she . when there 's no reply , the drunk resume pissing . Lisa smear the mistletoe sprig against derek 's face , then start to go down on he . he clutches she head with both hand force she to stop . she look up at he , eye gleam with passion . D erek ( hissing ) do not do this ... the drunk continue he piss . Endless . finally .. finish . he clumsily zip back up , lurch over to the sink . he look at himself in the mirror , run he finger through he hair , smile at himself and then stumble out the door . the stall door bang open as derek push Lisa aside and stagger out , try to zip up he fly . lisa ( confuse ) wait . where be you go ? derek ( flustered ) you have get the wrong idea ! ( continued ) a p 37 . continued : ( 2 ) Lisa do not seem to understand but she 's amused . derek be already out the door . int . office it 's a wilder scene now . Sally sloane be do a uninhibit table dance to the delight of everyone gather . atrick , stand off , see derek hurry down the hall and head for the elevator . moment later , he see Lisa come down the hall and rejoin the party . a little tipsy , he walk over to she . patrick live dangerously , be not we ? lisa oh , Patrick , you be such a old queen . ( then ) come on . dance with I . Lisa pull Patrick out with the other dancer . lisa ( cont would ) ( as they dance ; teasing ) I will bet you have never be this close to a actual woman . patrick honey , I have never be this close to a actual man . CUT to : int . yukon - night derek drive home . he 's agitate , try to calm down , try to make sense of what happen . that 's when he hear a siren . derek 's eye go up to the rear view mirror in panic as a police car with flash light gain on he . derek pull over , heart pound . this be all he need right now . the police car fly by on its way to some emergency . derek close he eye ; let out a deep breath . D 38 . ext . charle house - night swept by headlight as derek pull into the drive . int . kyle's bedroom Dark . derek look in on he sleep son . int . master bedroom Dark . derek approach the bed where Beth sleep . he slip in beside she . beth ( sleepy ) how be the party ? derek I only stay for two drink . beth that dull , huh ? a long beat . derek consider tell she . erek Beth ... beth not tonight , honey , okay ? I be really tired . and Beth be already back asleep . derek lie there , in Hell . he look up and see he own dark reflection in the ceiling mirror . C UT to : int . office - monday morning derek get off the elevator and walk to he office , turn a corner and see : Lisa come the other way , carry file . derek tense and stop , expect the worst . Lisa merely give he a pleasant smile and walk by . lisa good morning . derek Morning . ( continued ) D D 39 . continued : like the other night never happen . Lisa continue on she way , deliver the file to a co-worker . erek stand there , observe Lisa , wonder . Ben appear beside derek . BEN you okay , bro ? derek turn , a little startle . he register Ben . derek yeah . I be fine . BEN you should have stick around . derek what ? BEN the Christmas party . hank in human service toss he cookie on the Christmas tree . derek ( barely register ) really ? sorry I miss that . derek go to he office . Ben go to he . CUT to : int . derek' office - later erek be at he desk , work . Lisa appear in the doorway . derek look up ; tensing . lisa bad time ? derek ( wary ) no ... lisa Joe want to know if you be do with the ganz portfolio . derek tell he he will have it end of the day . ( continued ) ( 40 . continued : lisa ( start to go ) thanks . derek you be work Joe 's desk ? lisa just for today . light laugh ) he 's a real screamer , be not he ? derek do not let he fool you . his bark really be as bad as he bite . Lisa smile and exit . derek be think great , maybe she do not remember . CUT to : ext . derek' office - later derek be at he desk work . it 's the end of the day and worker be leave . Patrick appear at the door . patrick okay if I take off ? derek yeah , go home . patrick see you tomorrow . Patrick leave . through the open door , derek can see other worker leave , get on the elevator . Lisa be one of they . she do not even look he way . derek relax , go back to he work . CUT to : int . parking garage - night derek walk to he yukon suv , the only car remain . he beeps it and the door unlock . as derek open the driver 's door and slide inside , the passenger door open and Lisa slip in , wear she overcoat and a intimate smile . ( continued ) 41 . continued : derek ( startled ) what be you -- lisa I owe you a apology for the Christmas party . I think I sort of take you by surprise . derek ( uneasy ) we both have a few drink . just forget it . L isa what if I can not ? derek Lisa ... nothing happen . lisa all right , have it you way . nothing happen . Lisa let the front of she overcoat fall open . she 's naked underneath . derek ( jolt of panic ) you really need to get out of my car . lisa why ? derek this be so not right . lisa relax . nobody 's around to see we now . God , I almost go insane today , do not you ? have to go pretend like I be concentrate on work when all I could think about -- derek ( flaring ) Lisa , get out of my car ! lisa ( startle ; confuse ) derek , what 's wrong ? what do I do ? ( continued ) L 42 . continued : ( 2 ) derek suddenly reach across she and throw open the passenger door . derek I do not know if you be just dense or what 's wrong with you but I want you to understand something . there 's nothing go on between we . I would never -- never -- jeopardize my job with a co - worker . isa maybe you be a asshole . wow . derek get out ! derek physically force she out . derek quickly turn the key in the ignition , revs the engine and peel out in reverse . the passenger door bang shut . Lisa stand there in she overcoat stare in mute disappointment as derek speed out of the parking garage . C UT to : int . charle house - night derek let himself in , determine to tell Beth everything . derek ( calling ) Beth ? honey ? beth' voice in here . derek head for the dining room . derek there 's something I need to ... he stop , see Beth at the table , look upset with a bottle of wine and a glass . derek ( cont would ) what 's wrong ? beth I have be on the phone for the last hour with Rachel more ) ( hendrick . ( continued ) h B D 43 . beth ( cont would ) continued : she find out Tim 's be have a affair with a neighbor and it 's be go on for the last year and a half . erek ( stop dead ) Tim ? really ? derek sit down at the table . beth at first I could not even conceive of it . they have always seem to be so much in love , totally devote to each other . derek Tim ... tell she ? eth just blurt it out last night when he come home from work . then he say he be move out . you know they have get three kid . poor Rachel 's a wreck . derek yeah . that 's tough . beth tough ? it 's a disaster . if it be I ... derek Beth , you know I would never cheat on you . derek reach across the table and take she hand . beth I know . e move closer and put a arm around she . derek Tim 's a idiot . B eth he 's a son of a bitch . ( beat ; then ) what do you want to tell I ? there 's no way he can tell she now . derek forget it . just a little problem at work . ( more ) ( continued ) B 44 . derek ( cont would ) continued : ( 2 ) ( beat ) nothing I can not take care of . CUT to : int . ben' office - next day derek , agitate , have confide in Ben who 's both concerned and a little turn on . BEN why do not you tell I ? derek there be nothing to tell . BEN nothing to tell ? she grab you cock ? flashed she tit in you car ? come on , man . I think I be you best friend . derek you think this be funny ? BEN I just ... jeez . I mean , I kinda get she be interested but I never figure she would ... derek what the hell do I do ? I be nice to she , that 's all . en sure you do not lead she on ? just a little ? I mean , a pretty girl ... it would be normal ... derek I do not do a damn thing . BEN maybe she think she can make the jump from assistant to wife , too ? derek thanks . you be a big help . BEN sorry ... what be you go to do ? derek report it to human resource ... ( continued ) D 45 . continued : BEN get she fire ? derek I do not have a choice . BEN I would be very careful if I be you . what if she make trouble and say you come on to she ? D erek give Ben a look . c'mon man ... BEN ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) look ... it 's not like you do not have a history of behavior here . when 's the last time you have a female assistant on you desk ? people be go to wonder . erek then I need to get my side on the record first . they look at each other . BEN ( a beat ; make a joke ) would not it be cheaper to just have she kill ? derek frown at he . CUT to : int . human resource - later a determine derek arrive and enter the office of henry truman , in charge of human resource . a secretary look up from she desk . secretary Morning , mister Charles . derek hi , connie . be hank in ? I need to talk to he . hank ( from the inner office ) derek ? that you ? derek enter hank 's office and close the door . ( continued ) 46 . continued : derek hey , hank . hank what 's up ? derek well , it 's sort of a personal matter . I need to talk to you about one of the temp , Lisa sheridan . hank right . she work you desk for awhile . derek ( about to confess ) listen , hank , this go to be a little awkward ... hank if you be here to file a complaint about she performance , save you breath . her agency call this morning and say she would not be come in any more . they already send over a replacement . D erek ( hide be surprise ) she quit ? they give a reason ? hank no . do you have some kind of a problem with she ? derek well , I just think she be unqualified , sort of in over she head . but if she already quit ... hank look like she beat you to it . derek ( absorb this ) yeah . hank anything else ? derek no. I guess not . ( continued ) B ( 47 . continued : ( 2 ) hank how 's the new house ? derek New house be great . a smile ) could not be better . hank tell Beth I say hi . derek I will . listen . we will have you and Kathy over some night when we be more settle . hank sound like a plan . derek open the door and exit . outside , down the hall , Ben be wait . BEN well ? derek she quit . BEN really ? derek yeah . Ben grin . he raise he hand for a high five . en come on , bro . that 's good news . Problem solve . derek ( as he good luck sink in ) look that way , do not it ? BEN not a bad little Christmas present . derek , happier now , return the high five . CUT to : T 48 . ext . charle house - day Christmas morning . hrough the window we see derek , Beth and Kyle under the tree unwrap present , have a great time . for derek , all trouble be forget . C UT to : int . derek' office - day derek , at he desk , in a good mood , on the phone . derek han ? derek . how be you Christmas ? well , you people invent it . you get the prospectus ? great . look it over . I think it 's gonna be a happy new year for all of we . derek look at the doorway where Ben be stand . derek give Ben the thumb up . Ben beam and do a little victory dance . CUT to : int . master bedroom - a week later - night derek and Beth come in , dress in tux and gown , exhaust from a New year party . beth God , it 's after three . that 's the last time I be go out on New year Eve . next year we will celebrate here at home . just you , I and Kyle . a " you have mail " ding come from derek 's home computer on the other side of the room . derek I be just gonna check my e-mail and come to bed . beth can not it wait ? derek it 's already tomorrow in Berlin . ganz be suppose to send I he approval . that 's probably he . ( continued ) D I U 49 . continued : Beth go into the adjoin bathroom . with a yawn , derek sit down at he computer and go to e- mail . he scan it and be instantly confuse . dozen of e-mail , all from the same sender : tempgirl . a little fearful , derek pull up the first e-mail . it open up to reveal a self - take photo of Lisa look sexy and invite on a bed , smile seductively and wear skimpy lingerie that show off she sexy body . nder she photo : see you in the new year . derek feel a jolt of panic . he delete it , bring up the other . t's the same photo , Lisa on the bed , over and over . derek stare at Lisa on screen , feel sick and invade . he be not aware of Beth come out of the bathroom behind he . she approach as he continue to delete . beth ganz ? she 's about to peer over he shoulder . derek hit the delete key and the last photo of Lisa disappear . beth ( cont would ) what be that ? derek ( act perturb ) nothing . I gotta get a new spam blocker . Beth give he a kiss on the cheek . beth forget it . he will call you in the morning . come to bed . Beth go away . erek stare at the computer screen saver : a picture of Beth with Kyle sit on Santa 's knee at the Grove . CUT to : int . office - day derek be at he desk , tensely type on the computer , send a e-mail to tempgirl . ( continued ) 50 . continued : derek type : leave I alone . he send it and sit back . almost instantly there 's a reply . D erek stiffen . then , tentatively , he open the new e-mail . tempgirl have reply with one of that annoying yellow smiley face . it wink at he . derek be chill . CUT to : ext . charle house - day mid-january . the withere Christmas tree wait at the curb for pick -up . int . master bedroom - day Beth help derek pack a bag . beth remember the last time Joe have one of he weekend work retreat ? derek how could I forget ? I have a hangover for a week after . beth any woman come this year ? derek no , just the usual suspect . Joe say it 's go to be a male bond experience . beth I can just picture you guy in the hotel jacuzzi , get in touch with you innermost feeling . derek ( zip up he bag ) hopefully , they will all get drunk and crash early . or if I be really lucky ... drow in the jacuzzi . beth call I tonight . ( continued ) J D 51 . continued : derek I will . erek give she a kiss . they image be reflect in the overhead mirror . CUT to : int . HOTEL bar - night a cocktail waitress deliver drink to derek , Joe gage , Ben Talbot and three other men smoking cigar and relax after dinner . the mood be rowdy . they be all a little toast . a drink be put in front of derek . derek I do not order this . the cocktail waitress lean down and whisper in he ear : waitress it 's from the lady at the bar . D erek turn and peer at the crowded bar area . he catch a flash of a young woman in a tight dress seat on a stool . but a crowd of people move into he line of vision and when they clear , the woman be go . derek tense . joe derek , you okay ? derek I be fine . just think I see somebody . joe somebody you know ? or somebody you would like to know ? the other guy chortle . BEN no way . you can not tempt this guy . oe who could blame he with a wife like Beth . ( continued ) 52 . continued : derek speak of Beth , I say I would give she a call before she put Kyle to bed . I will be right back . derek pick up he drink and leave . joe hurry back . this party 's just get start . ext . patio outside the bar low-lit . empty . derek come out , flip open he cell to call home . he put he drink down on a table . derek hey , honey . it 's I . intercutting with beth in Kyle 's bedroom , put he to sleep . beth how 's the male bond ? derek they be all get waste . any minute now , Joe 's go to suggest the jacuzzi . beth well , if you future depend on put on a bathing suit and hot tubbing it with a bunch of drunk ... derek ? you there ? derek freeze . across the patio , he see a figure slowly approach . it 's a woman back - light , a silhouette . but as she pass into the light from the bar , she 's reveal as Lisa , transformed into a allure femme fatale . D erek I have to go . beth wait . Kyle want to say good night . derek ( tense ) they be yell for I to come back . beth it will just take a second ... Beth pick up Kyle . ( continued ) ( 53 . continued : beth ( cont would ) say good night to daddy . as Lisa come closer ... derek ( desperate ) Beth , I will call you later . beth I will be in bed -- derek ? derek click off and pocket he cell . on the other end , Beth look perturb . now Lisa come face to face with derek , smile . she boldly pick up he drink and take a sip . lisa I can always tell from the pain look on you face when you be talk to Beth . derek ( demanding ) how do you know I would be here ? lisa I have get my source . slight frown ) what 's wrong ? you do not look happy to see I . derek why do you come here ? lisa you say you could never be with someone you work with . ( when he do not seem to " get it " ) that 's why I quit . so we could be together . derek look at she , astound . derek ( hold down panic ) Lisa , you need to leave . lisa ( teasing smile ) or what ? you will make a scene ? ( more ) ( continued ) 54 . lisa ( cont would ) continued : ( 2 ) call security ? what would Joe and Ben and the other think ? I will tell you what they would think . they would think we arrange it . and in a way , we do . Lisa turn aside . out of derek 's sight , she slip a capsule into he drink , then put it back on the table . lisa ( cont would ) this hook - up be on the book from the day we meet . D erek what be you talk about ? lisa one of we have to take control and I guess it 's I . so you go back , say you good night to the boy and I will be wait in my room . 610 . derek I be not come to you room . lisa would you rather I come to yours ? derek you be crazy ... sick . you need help . lisa I know . I need help . ( move closer ; seductive ) help I , derek . she press against he . derek stay away from I ! Lisa emit a musical little laugh and smooth she dress . she register derek 's angry face and clench fist . she smile . lisa all right , derek . you play you game ... ( turn away ) ... and I will play mine . Lisa disappear into the darkness , high heel echoing . derek feel he cell phone vibrate . he pull it out . derek Beth , I be sorry -- ( continued ) D D 55 . continued : ( 3 ) ben' voice Beth ? it 's Ben . where the hell be you , bro ? erek I be right here . come back in . agitate , derek pick up he drink , downs it and re-enter the bar . CUT to : int . HOTEL corridor - night after midnight . erek and Ben get off the elevator . Ben be slightly drunk but derek be farther go -- wobbly on he foot , bleary . BEN come on , it 's early . we will go to my room and plunder the mini-bar , charge it all to Joe . D erek can not , man . that last drink totally kick my ass . I need to lie down . BEN all right , be that way . but do not forget . nine o'clock in the California room . Joe 's big rah-rah to the troops . Ben go one way , derek the other . derek , feel more and more disorient , make he way to he room . he fish around in he pocket and find he key card . he slide it and push open the door . int . HOTEL room derek let himself in , do not even click on the light . there 's enough moonlight come through the window to lead he to the bed where he flop down on he back . he do not even bother to undress . derek close he eye , then open they . he feel sick . sound and perception be play game with he head . the room begin to spin and he can hear a sound , a rush noise . be it the shower in the bathroom ? the bathroom door be shut but there 's a crack of light around the edge . be someone in there ? ( continued ) 56 . continued : derek be too out of it to care . he just want to sleep , make it go away . he close he eye , begin to drift off . the bathroom door open , let in a cloud of steam and a shaft of light . a woman 's silhouette appear , naked . she move to the bed . D erek feel the bed move ... feel a tug on he trousers ... then , a amplify zzzziiippp . derek 's eye open in shock . he can not believe what he see -- Lisa , naked , straddle he . her hand caress he face . it 's like a dream . a nightmare . Lisa smile seductively and put a finger to she lip . lisa shhhhh . derek ( groggy ; can barely get the word out ) no .. lisa hush , baby . her voice seem distort like it 's come from another world . lisa ( cont would ) I be go to take real good care of you . derek try to resist but find he have no control over he body or mind . all he can see be a shifting , distort image of Lisa 's face ... she smile ... she tooth .. she lip ... the blaze look of sexual desire in she eye . and somewhere in that eye he can see himself . and that 's the last thing derek see before he pass out and the entire world go black and silent . C UT to : int . HOTEL room - next morning Dazzling sunlight . derek wake up , startle by a pound on the door . woman' voice housekeep ! ( continued ) D 57 . continued : derek blink , blind by the sun . his brain be fogge and he 's disorient . it take he a moment to realize where he be . a hotel room . nake under the cover . how do he ... woman' voice ( cont would ) housekeep ! the door begin to open . derek ( shout ) later ! come back later ! woman' voice okay . I come back . the door close . erek glance over at the clock . 10:15 . shit . he 's oversleep and now he 's late for the seminar . derek start to get up , look over and -- he heart stop . there 's Lisa sprawle beside he on she stomach , naked under the cover . she open she eye and give he a sexy , sleepy smile , stretch she body like a cat . lisa Morning . derek go into panic mode , jump out of the bed like it 's on fire . derek you have get to get out of here ! lisa what be you talk about ? derek leave ! you have get to go ! derek grab Lisa by the arm , drag she out of the bed at the same time gather she clothes from the floor and thrust they into she arm . lisa derek , come on ... D erek I want you out of here ! ( continued ) L 58 . continued : ( 2 ) lisa why ? you worried somebody 's gonna catch we ? derek just get the hell out . lisa ( half - amuse ) we wake up a little grumpy this morning , do not we ? Lisa barely manage to slip into she dress before derek open the door and push she out into the hall . isa ( cont would ) derek , what be wrong with you ? derek slam the door . on the other side , we hear Lisa 's musical laugh . lisa ( cont would ) all right . have it you way . derek lock the door . shake , he go to the bed , sit on the edge and bury he throbbing head in he hand . derek ( in hell ) fuck ... fuck ... fuck . CUT to : int . HOTEL - seminar room - minute later derek slip in and take a seat next to Ben at the end of a big table . the other guy be there , also a little under the weather . they take notice of he late arrival . joe ( interrupt he talk ) thank god . we be about to send out a search party . derek sorry . overslept . derek glance over at Ben who frown at he . derek look over at the wall clock as Joe resume talk . 10:35 . T ime CUT ( continued ) I ( 59 . continued : it 's now 12:50 . while Joe continue he talk , a HOTEL clerk quietly slip into the room , go over to derek and whisper to he . derek perk up with concern . he lean over to Ben , whisper : derek ( cont would ) it 's Beth . BEN what about she ? derek she 's here . mystified ) I will be right back . derek get up and leave . not . corridor outside derek follow the clerk . as they turn a corner ... clerk here 's you wife , sir . derek stop dead . it 's not Beth wait for he . it 's Lisa , dress sexy / casual , bright smile . the clerk go away . lisa I think you might need a excuse to get out of there . how about some lunch ? derek lunch ? lisa it 's gorgeous outside and I make a reservation at -- derek grab she by the elbow and hustle she out of sight , try to keep he voice down . derek what do you think this be ? lisa the morning after ? derek ( flaring ) we do not do anything last night . Lisa give he a sly smile . ( continued ) D 60 . continued : lisa but you can not remember , can you ? derek it do not happen ! lisa derek , not so loud . you will cause a scene . derek that 's exactly what we right . a scene . need . derek haul she roughly back down the hall . lisa what be you do ? derek what I should have do last night . take you inside to tell Joe and the other whatever you want . they will know you be out of you mind . h e yank she toward the door . lisa ( try to pull away ) why be you try to ruin this ? erek there be no this !!! lisa do not say that . derek godammit ! derek throw she roughly against the wall . she hit she head , a little stunne . derek step back , surprised by he own violence . derek ( cont would ) I be sorry ... lisa what 's wrong with you ? you be act like a stranger . ( continued ) L 61 . continued : ( 2 ) derek yeah ! that 's exactly what I be . a stranger , a person you do not know . now either go inside and tell they you bullshit lie or get the hell out of here . lisa ( flaring ; ugly tone ) you think you can use I , then throw I away ? I be not some piece of garbage , derek . I be a human be ... Lisa reach out to he . derek , in frustration , raise he hand as if to strike she . her eye flash with excitement . derek stop himself , revolt by he own behavior . lisa ( cont would ) do it . hit I . you can do anything you want to I . do not you know that ? anything . derek stare at she like she 's a thing , a object . he shake he head . isa ( cont would ) do not look at I that way . derek how else do you look at somebody who sicken and repulse you ? L isa derek , please ... derek I do not care what you do or what you say . what go on in that twisted mind of yours . it do not matter because the truth be , there 's never go to be anything between we . so go ahead , Lisa ... do you worst . they stare at each other . then , derek turn and go into the seminar room , close the door behind he . ( continued ) D 62 . continued : ( 3 ) with a heartbreaking expression of hurt , Lisa stare at the door for a long moment , wipe a tear from she face and walk away . CUT to : int . HOTEL restaurant - that night derek , Ben , Joe and the other eat dinner . a lively atmosphere . derek seem apart from the other , lose in think . BEN derek , you drink ? derek not tonight , man . I be stick to ice tea . CUT to : int . elevator / HOTEL corridor - later that day derek get off on he floor and head to he room . int . HOTEL room derek step inside and freeze , confront with he worst nightmare . High heel and a path of discard clothing lead to the bed where Lisa lie in bed , naked under the cover , she eye shut , seemingly asleep . erek ( anger rise ) no . no fuck way ... derek move toward the bed and the sleep girl . D erek ( cont would ) goddamn it , Lisa . no response . her head be cocked to one side and she skin be ghostly pale . derek lean over and shake Lisa 's naked shoulder . derek ( cont would ) Lisa , get up . it 's like shaking a doll . ( continued ) D 63 . continued : derek ( cont would ) get up or I will drag you out and throw you in the hall . that 's when derek see it . on the night stand : a empty bottle of prescription pill . derek pick up the bottle and look at the label : ambien . derek grab the bedside phone and punch desk . derek ( cont would ) ( fight panic ) this be 622 . there 's a woman in my room , she 's take a overdose of prescription pill -- ambien . you need to get the paramedics and security up here right away . please hurry . derek hang up . now he put one knee on the bed and take Lisa 's face in he hand , turn she head . he might as well be handle a marionette . derek ( cont would ) ( shout ) Lisa ! no response . he put he ear to she naked chest , try to detect a heartbeat . if there be one , he can not hear it . derek gently slap she cheek . roll back she eye lid . nothing . derek ( cont would ) oh god ... now derek begin to perform cpr . he tilt Lisa 's jaw back , clear she mouth and begin to breathe into she , alternate chest compression . erek ( cont would ) Lisa ! wake up , goddamn it ... C UT to : int . er waiting area - night in a corner , derek look haggard , be interview by a veteran police detective , monica reye . reye look more like a middle - age suburban mom than a cop but she 's very good at she job . reye all right , mister Charles , let I get this straight . E ) ( mor ( continued ) 64 . reye ( cont would ) continued : this girl you barely know , work in you office , fantasize you be have a affair and when you reject she , she try to commit suicide in you bed . derek I know how it sound but , yeah , that 's pretty much it . reye this affair ... derek there be no affair . reye so she just ... make it up in she head ? with no help from you ? derek maybe I be too nice to she , say something she take the wrong way , I do not know . all I know be I do not lead she on . reye and you have no idea she would be at the hotel ? derek none . I do not even know how she get in my room . reye apparently she tell one of the housekeeper she be you wife and lose she key . derek do not that prove she do this on she own ? reye all it prove be she lose she key . derek she never have a key . reye look , mister Charles , I do not care if you be or be not bang this girl . I just need to get you version for my report . ( more ) ( continued ) D 65 . reye ( cont would ) continued : ( 2 ) besides , if it 's a question of innocence , I be not the one you have to convince . D erek what do you mean ? reye let 's just say I would not like to explain a situation like this to my husband . before derek can respond , reye see a er doctor signal . reye ( cont would ) I will be right back . reye go to talk to the Doctor . derek watch they talk . the Doctor hand reye a piece of paper . derek can not stand the suspense . he walk over and interrupt . derek how be she ? reye nod to the Doctor and take derek aside . reye they pump she out in time . Doctor say she 's groggy and disorient . probably tomorrow they will move she out of icu and up to the fifth floor for a psychiatric evaluation . all suicide be put on 72 hour hold , it 's standard . erek do she say anything ? reye as a matter of fact , she be lucid long enough to give the doctor a name to call in case of emergency . he write it down . here . reye hand derek a piece of paper . written on it be derek charle and he phone number . reye ( cont would ) still want to stick to you story ? CUT to : ext . charle house - early morning Dawn be break as derek guide the yukon into the drive . he step out , hesitates . the front door of the house open to reveal a very tense look Beth in a robe . ( continued ) D 66 . continued : they look at each other across the distance . derek walk to she . beth ( a little cold ) tell I everything . from the beginning . derek nod . this be not go to be easy . CUT to : int . live room - later erek have tell it all . Beth , look stunne , stare at he , uncomprehend . a long beat , then ... beth how could you let this happen ? derek you think I encourage it ? beth maybe you like it . derek Beth ... beth what man would not ? the attention of a pretty young girl ? I can just see that ador blue eye bat at you every time you tell she how pretty she look or what a nice dress -- derek stop it , Beth . you know I never say that thing . beth you must have say something . done something to give she the idea . derek if I do , it be not intentional . B eth she be in you bed , derek ! you spend the night together and you want I to believe nothing happen ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : derek I be pass out ... drunk . nothing happen . beth damn you , derek . damn you . Beth turn away , she face burn . derek I love you , Beth . I love Kyle and the life we have together . I would never do anything to screw that up . this girl be disturb . she 's seriously disturb and for some reason , she fixate on I . B eth why ? derek I do not know . she 's crazy . beth you should have tell I . from the very beginning , you should have tell I . derek I know . beth why do not you ? derek at first I think it be no big deal . and then ... I be just embarrassed . I do not know how to explain it to you without look ... beth guilty ? derek I say I be wrong . a beat . beth do she know about we , derek ? derek what ? ( continued ) C 68 . continued : ( 2 ) beth how we meet ? derek do not do this , Beth . you will make yourself sick . beth I be already sick . derek honey , I know I screw up ... derek reach out . derek ( cont would ) but I have tell you the truth . I have to know you believe I . beth ( weary sigh ) I do not know what to believe . all I know be , I need to be alone for awhile . derek Beth , do not -- beth I need to be alone -- Beth move quickly upstairs . leave derek there . he sit back on the couch , head in he hand . at a loss . after a beat - - int . upstair hallway - continuous derek make a determine rush up after she . only to find the bedroom door lock . derek 's upset . resigned , he make he way over to -- int . guest room - continuous he grab a pillow . punch it twice . know he 's in the dog house -- UT to : int . hospital room - day Lisa be propped up in a hospital bed , a dark brood expression on she face , tangle hair hang down . just stare , eye wide , a little dopey look . ( continued ) R L L 69 . continued : monica reye appear in the doorway . reye miss reynold ? I be monica reye . isa look up . her face transform into a bright smile . lisa come in . I be sorry I be such a mess but they will not let I take a shower or wash my hair . ( dismissive laugh ) apparently I be still on suicide watch . reye I be a police officer assign to you case . how be you feel ? lisa well , still a bit groggy from the medication . but it be not stop I from feel ashamed for all the trouble I have cause . reye do you feel like talk about the other night ? lisa have you speak to derek ? reye yes . lisa and he 's all right ? reye relatively speak . isa when can I see he ? eye see he ? lisa derek . reye I be afraid that 's not possible . ( continued ) R R 70 . continued : ( 2 ) lisa why ? reye miss sheridan , I do not think mister Charles want to speak to you or continue any kind of contact . Lisa look at she oddly . lisa then why do he send this ? really ? Lisa indicate a bouquet of flower in a vase nearby . reye ( keep the surprise out of she voice ) he send you flower ? L isa peonies . my favorite . reye inspect the attach card . " Lisa darling , the other night be just a misunderstanding . do not ever leave I . Love always , derek . " reye when do this show up ? lisa a few hour ago . they be lovely , be not they ? eye decide not to push it , go into she q &amp ; a : reye can you tell I what happen at the hotel , why you be there . lisa do not derek tell you ? reye I would like to hear you version . lisa there 's not a lot to tell . we get together at the hotel and you can guess what we do . eye slept together . have sex . ( continued ) ( R ( 71 . continued : ( 3 ) lisa of course . reye derek deny it . lisa he 's just be a gentleman , try to protect I . reye I see . go on . lisa the next day when derek tell I he wife would not give he a divorce and that we could never see each other again , I guess I over react . beat ) I do not realize he be just be noble . reye Noble ? lisa he be think about he little boy , Kyle ... what the breakup might do to he . he 's not even two , you know . my parent break up when I be pretty young . it leave a scar that never really heal . reye so you believe mister Charles be in love with you ? L isa read the card . derek and I belong together and nothing can change that . but I do feel bad about he wife . eye you do ? lisa I be not a home - wrecker . I be not steal he away . they marriage be dead and Beth be in denial . it can not be easy to find out that the man she love be in love with another woman . I just hope she do not do something foolish . strange smile ) you know the old say . ( continued ) D 72 . continued : ( 4 ) reye what 's that ? lisa " Hell hath no fury like a woman scorn . " Lisa could almost be talk about herself . reye nod but she 's chill . reye you take it easy now . we will talk again . she excuse herself . Lisa go back to happily smile at she flower . CUT to : int . conference room - day derek and Joe gage . joe I do not have to tell you how a incident like this could impact the company . even the slight whiff of impropriety ... derek there be no impropriety , Joe . this be just the sick fantasy of a very disturb girl . joe who might retaliate by hit we with a sexual harassment lawsuit . derek there be no sexual harassment . if anything , I be the one who be sexually harass . ( sigh ) I can not believe this be happen to I . it 's like a nightmare . joe by now , you be probably wishing you have fuck she . erek give he a shocked look . J oe ( cont would ) for all the trouble it 's cost you . ( then ) sorry . bad joke . ( continued ) J 73 . continued : derek goddamit , Joe , if there 's a injure party here , it 's I . joe derek , calm down . I believe you and you know I will back you up all the way . but if I find out there be something go on , I will not have a choice . derek that 's not go to happen because there 's nothing to find out . oe good . then you have nothing to worry about . meantime I be go to put Ben on the ganz account . derek but ganz be my client -- joe look , maybe you should take some time off . just till this blow over . marge stick she head in . marge sorry to interrupt . derek , there 's a detective reye here to see you . Joe and derek exchange look . CUT to : int . derek' office - later derek and monica reye face each other across derek 's desk . derek she obviously order the flower for herself . reye with you credit card . derek my secretary keep all my personal information on she computer . Lisa must have access it when she be work my desk . ( continued ) 74 . continued : reye give he a blank look . derek ( cont would ) you think I send the flower ? I would have to be as crazy as she be . reye there 's more . derek more ? reye open a bag . reye this be a print out of Lisa 's blog . it 's sort of a diary she be keep . reye put a large pile of papers on derek 's desk . reye ( cont would ) it 's a rather graphic and detailed account of you various sexual liaison together . D erek what ? reye you can read they for yourself but I should warn you they be a little ... X - rate . derek page through , grow more alarmed . we see thing like " three time ... from behind ... on the floor ... I be scream ... we be like two animal ... coming together over and over ... when he slapped I the pain be exquisite ... " derek ( reacting ) this be ... none of this ever happen . I be never at she apartment . I never even touch she , let alone do any of this ... reye accord to that entry , you be quite the accomplish lover , mister Charles . and you make promise to she , promise to divorce you wife and marry she ... derek you can not possibly believe this . ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 2 ) reye whether I believe it or not be irrelevant . the only thing that matter be that she believe it . derek there 's get to be something I can do to protect myself ... my family . reye you could file a restrain order . but that may not be necessary . derek why not ? lisa Lisa 's leave town . she be release in the custody of a older sister yesterday . her sister fly down from San Francisco and take she back . Lisa 's agree to check herself into a neuropsychiatric hospital up there . derek ( some relief ) well , I can not say I be unhappy to hear she 's go . maybe now she can get the help she need . reye W ith any luck , mister Charles , you will never hear from she again . CUT to : ext . charle live room - day Beth move through the room , stop to pick up one of Kyle 's toy . she look through the slide glass window and see derek on the deck , hold Kyle in he arm . they be play a game . derek point to object in the distance and Kyle identify they . " truck ... doggie ... bird ... " and so on . a tear in Beth 's eye . she come closer . they do not see she . derek ( sing to Kyle ) " four little duck go out one day ... over the hill and far away ... " CUT to : B 76 . ext . charle house - night a few day later . int . charle live room - night a 14 year old baby sitter samantha walk Beth and derek to the front door . they be dress for a night out . beth you have get we cell number so if there 's any problem , do not hesitate to call we , okay ? derek come on , honey . samantha know what to do , do not you ? samantha I have get four little brother . trust I . I be really good at this . ut Beth remain concerned . beth ( to derek ) I do not know . maybe we should ... derek no way . do you know how hard it be to get this reservation ? come on , we agree . this be a important night . and I be not gonna waste you in that outfit . ( to samantha ) she look fantastic , do not she ? samantha like a movie star . D erek take Beth by the arm . derek everything 's gonna be fine . beth ( give in ; to samantha ) okay , but you call we . derek grin and lead she out the door , call back to samantha . derek lock this . we will be back by ten . ( continued ) D 77 . continued : samantha have fun . samantha close the door behind they and lock it . CUT to : int . restaurant - later that night derek and Beth sit together in a romantic candle - light booth , work on a bottle of wine . erek I have not see you look this relaxed and beautiful in week . beth I would forget what this be like ... the two of we out together . derek yeah . it 's be awhile . he look at she . it 's be awhile since they have touch or have sex , too . Beth smile a little shyly , drop she eye . derek ( cont would ) ( encouraged ) so ... there 's hope ? beth it 's not that easy . derek I need you to believe I . derek pour the last of the bottle into Beth 's glass and signal the waiter . derek ( cont would ) could we get another bottle , please ? derek smile at Beth . she look at she wine glass . beth derek , not everybody get drunk and do thing they regret . derek look like he 's be punch in the face . derek I keep tell you I do not do any thing to regret . ( continued ) 78 . continued : Beth look up and give he a hard , cold look . beth ( slowly ) I be tell you ... you do . CUT to : int . charle live room - later that night S amantha be sprawle on the couch . the tv be go , she 's listen to music on she I - pod while texting a friend on she phone and paging through a teen magazine all at the same time , multi-task . she do not hear the door bell ring the first time . or the second . then there 's a loud knocking . samantha become aware , look around , then see a shadowy figure through the frost window next to the door . with a sigh of annoyance , samantha get up and go to the door . she unlock and open it . Lisa be stand on the threshold , look fresh and pretty and smile . lisa ( super friendly ) hi , I be Beth 's friend allie . she 's expect I . Lisa breeze right in . samantha mister and Mrs. Charles be out . lisa out ? samantha they go to dinner . lisa what ? Beth tell I to drop by . that 's strange . oh well , I have something for Kyle . I will just run up and give it to he . samantha you can not . he 's sleep . lisa oh , I will not wake he . ( continued ) k 79 . continued : samantha maybe you should come back . lisa but I be here right now . why should I ... oh , I see . just do you duty . good girl . you know what , let I call Beth . Lisa take out a cell phone , punch in a number . samantha look relieved . lisa ( cont would ) ( into she cell ) Beth ? hey , girlfriend . it 's allie . where be I ? where be you ! I be at you place . you tell I to come by . ( to samantha ) no it 's okay . she forget . ( back into cell ) no , samantha be a little concerned so I say I would call you . ( wink at samantha ) yeah . okay , honey . you two have a great night . ( to samantha ; hold out the cell ) oh , wait . do you want to talk to she ? samantha shake she head " no . " lisa ( cont would ) ( into cell ) Beth , I will call you tomorrow . Lisa click off . lisa ( cont would ) ( to samantha ) great . this will only take I a minute . Lisa cross to the stair and go up . samantha return to the couch and resume texting . int . kyle's bedroom yle be asleep in he crib . the door crack open , emit light from the hall , turn Lisa into a silhouette . she enter the room , silent as a ghost , and approach Kyle 's crib . she stand over he , smile down at the vulnerable sleep child . then , Lisa turn away and look at herself in a mirror . ( continued ) 80 . continued : she take out a tube of red lipstick and apply it to she lip . CUT to : int . live room - a minute later samantha be listen to i-pod music / texting / watch tv . in the background , out of focus , Lisa come down the stair . lisa thanks , samantha . Nice meeting you . samantha ( preoccupy ; do not even look ) you , too . Lisa vanish . samantha send a last message , then think she ought to check on the baby . she get up , start for the stair when she get another text message on she phone . she check it , laugh and return to the couch to text she friend back . C UT to : int . suv - night derek and Beth drive home in tense silence . finally , Beth speak . beth it 's he birthday tomorrow . derek I know . beth I tell he we would take he to legoland . derek I will go on - line tonight and order the ticket . unless you think you should take he alone . beth no . whatever we be go through , he need we to be together . ( continued ) ( 81 . continued : derek turn the corner to they street . the house come into sight . the garage door go up . derek pull into the drive and guide the car into the garage . CUT to : int . charle live room - a minute later a key in the lock . the door open . derek and Beth enter . on the couch , samantha end she texting and greet they with a bright smile . samantha hey ! you guy get back so fast -- beth any trouble with Kyle ? samantha no . he be a doll . then ) but you just miss you friend . Beth and derek freeze , turn and look at each other . beth what friend ? samantha you know . allie ? she be just here ... call you on the cell ? beth ( tensing ) nobody call I ... derek someone be here ? Inside the house ? samantha ( to Beth ) you say it be okay . she say she have something for Kyle ... beth ( instant panic ) oh my god ! where 's Kyle ? samantha in he crib . Beth streak for the stair . ( continued ) D 82 . continued : derek how long since she be here ? samantha a couple minute . what 's wrong ? derek run for the stair . samantha ( cont would ) ( call after they ; now afraid ) you say it be okay ! int . kyle's bedroom Beth run to the crib . to she horror , it 's empty . Lisa let out a cry of anguish . derek appear in the door . Lisa turn to he in desperate panic . lisa she take he ! she take my baby ! int . live room derek tear back down the stair , shouting to samantha . erek call 911 ! he burst out the front door . ext . charle house - garage derek race into the garage , yank open the driver 's door and get in . he start the engine , turn to back out and -- surprise ! there 's Kyle be in the backseat , strapped into he car seat , smile at he daddy . derek Kyle ... derek get out , pull open the back door and unstrap he son , then hesitates . what derek see make he blood run cold . on the child 's forehead ... a perfect red lipstick kiss . CUT to : int . hospital er - night Kyle be be examine by a doctor while derek and Beth comfort he . ( continued ) ( T D 83 . continued : doctor we pump he stomach . x-ray and cat scan come back normal . we will wait for the blood work but it appear he 's completely fine . I do not see any reason why you can not take bhim home in a couple hour . eth ( tearful relief ) thank you , Doctor . monica reye appear in the doorway . CUT to : int . er waiting area - a minute later erek and Beth confer with reye . Beth be very agitate . reye apparently Lisa steal she sister 's id to buy a ticket and board a plane to LA earlier today , then use she sister 's credit card to rent a car . the sister do not even know she be go until a few hour ago . she say Lisa have be do well in therapy . she do not know she check herself out this morning ... beth ( emphatic ) she be in we house -- alone with we son . derek he doctor say he 's fine . beth well , I be not fine . to reye ; demand ) I want you to find she . reye we will . she violate the restrain order so we can arrest she . look , Mrs. Charles , I know you be upset . I be a mother , too ... beth how would you feel if it be you child ? reye exactly the same as you . ( continued ) D ( 84 . continued : beth find she . Beth go back into the examine room to join Kyle . derek now what ? be I suppose to go out and buy a gun or something ? reye she do not physically harm he . derek no , but she could have . be that the message she 's try to send ? R eye either that or ... maybe she be try to show you she could love he . off derek 's sicken reaction ) people like Lisa ... they emotion can turn on a dime . what you do not want be she feeling for you to change to rage . I do not know . but there 's a good chance she will try to get in touch . if she do , you need to call I right away . meanwhile , you might want to beef up you home security . erek nod . CUT to : ext . charle house - later that night the suv pull up and park . derek and Beth get out . derek remove the sleep Kyle from he car seat and carry he to the front door where Beth wait . int . kyle's bedroom - later that night Kyle be asleep as derek tuck he in . Beth cry out from another part of the house . beth derek ! derek race out of the room . int . master bedroom the bedroom have be trash . the bed have be stripped . the ceiling mirror be now a spider - web of crack . ( continued ) 85 . continued : the closet be open and clothes be strewn about . derek discover Beth on she knee , hold up a family photograph in which Beth 's head have be tear off . beth she never leave . she be here the whole time . Beth scramble over and find a wedding photo of herself and derek . again , she head have be remove . B eth ( cont would ) what kind of sick person ... derek crouch down and hold Beth who begin to cry , she body shaking . derek it 's all right , it 's all right ... beth no derek ! it 's not all right !!! we have to do something . we can not live like this . as he hold he wife , derek look up and see they reflection in the mirror -- twisted and distort , like Lisa 's mind . CUT to : int . charle house - live room - next day derek and Kyle watch baby Einstein on tv . in the b.g. , a security man install a new alarm system . Beth be on the phone , talk to someone . derek keep a eye on she . beth ( into phone ) right . thank you . Beth click off , start dial a new number . derek who be you call ? beth guess . derek you be not ... ( continued ) B 86 . continued : beth ( determine ) I get she home number from Patrick . derek she will not be there . beth she can still pick up she message . derek Beth , why be you do this ? eth I want she to know who she 's deal with now . on the other end , Lisa 's cheerful voice : lisa' voice hi , this be Lisa . I be not here right now so please leave a message after the beep and I will get back to you . have a good one . beth ( into the phone ) L isten to I , you little bitch . this be Beth Charles and I just want you to know that if you ever ... ever ... come near my child or my house again ... I will kill you . Beth click off , give derek a defiant look . derek do not know what to say . the Security man appear . security man you be all set , folk . you want I to show you how the system work ? beth definitely . CUT to : int . guest room - night derek lie in bed , wide awake , on guard . he hear a car engine outside , get up and go to the window . derek look out and see a police patrol car in front of the house . a moment later , it drive off . ( continued ) 87 . continued : derek go to Kyle 's room . he 's sleep safely . he go to the master bedroom and observe Beth from the door way . she 's asleep . derek return to the guest room . a sudden SOUND . derek tense . he hop up and go to the window . it 's just the sprinkler go on in the front yard . CUT to : int . charle live room - next morning derek be leave for work . he point to the security pad . derek make sure you set this . beth you do not have to tell I . derek it can not go on much longer . they be bound to pick she up soon . ( then ) look , if you want I to stay , I will call in ... beth no . go to work . if anything happen , the security patrol can be here in two minute . ( off he look ) go. I can take care of myself . derek open the door and exit . Beth close it behind he , then touch the keypad . security voice set . Beth watch from the window as derek drive off to work . Kyle be nearby play . the phone ring . Beth go over and pick it up , a little wary . beth hello ? oh hi , dad. ( then ) what 's wrong ? ( continued ) 88 . continued : as she listen with mount concern , we ... CUT to : int . office - day Patrick be at he desk . the phone buzze and he pick up . patrick derek Charles ' office . oh , hi , Beth . Patrick perk up at the tone in Beth 's voice . int . derek' office derek be concentrate at he desk when he phone buzy . he answer quickly . derek yeah ? patrick Beth 's on 2 . derek thanks . hi , honey . everything okay ? intercutting with : int . kyle's bedroom Kyle be play on the floor . Beth be on the phone . beth we be fine but I have some not so great news from my dad . derek what 's wrong ? beth Mom go back in for more test . they want to do another biopsy and she 's pretty scared . D erek I can imagine . beth I be sure it will be fine but I think I would drive down to San Diego to hold she hand , take Kyle with I . ( continued ) k T 89 . continued : derek I be gonna be stick here pretty late but I could drive down after ... beth I do not think that 's a good idea . Friday night traffic 's gonna be a nightmare and they will not know the result till tomorrow . why do not you do what you need to do and drive down in the morning ? derek be you sure ? beth yes . here 's still that frostiness between they . derek all right . say hi to you dad and tell you mom everything 's go to be fine , I love she . and call I when you be leave the house . beth I will . Beth click off and turn to Kyle . beth ( cont would ) come on , sweetie . we be gonna take a little trip . kyle ( excite ) legoland ? Beth almost laugh . she hold he close . beth much more fun than legoland . we be go down to nana and poppa 's . yle daddy , too ? beth no . we will see daddy tomorrow . now ... what toy do you want to take ? ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 2 ) Kyle toddle over to he toy box . CUT to : int . office at he desk , Patrick answer the phone . patrick derek Charles ' office . lisa' voice ( bright and chipper ) hey there , girlfriend . patrick ( happy to hear from she ; keep he voice down ) L isa ? lisa' voice how be you ? patrick I have miss you . lisa' voice I have miss you , too . everything okay around the office ? patrick ( hushed / secretive ) well , actually ... lisa' voice what ? patrick I be a little concerned . I hear the Charles ' take out a restrain order against you . lisa' voice ( laugh ) oh , that . that be Beth 's do . she 's not handle this very well . derek 's just wait for the right time to tell she he 's leave . p atrick I do not think that 's gonna happen . ( continued ) ( 91 . continued : lisa' voice of course it be ... patrick I be not sure I should be tell you this ... lisa Patrick , do not be such a drama queen . I think we be friend . patrick we be , we be . lisa well ? patrick well ... Beth 's head down to San Diego tonight . her mother be have some test do . derek be drive down first thing in the morning to be by she side . when she do not respond ) Lisa ? do you hear I ? lisa' voice Patrick , I have to go . patrick but you just ... lisa' voice I will talk to you later . patrick wait . I want to tell you about my date I last night . the one my friend set I up with ? the graphic artist ? Lisa , you would be so proud of I . I meet he for drink at -- L isa's voice Patrick . patrick yes ? lisa' voice ( cold ) I really do not care whose dick you suck last night . I have to go . the line go dead . ( continued ) E W 92 . continued : ( 2 ) poor Patrick look like he 's be hit in the face with a bag of shit . CUT to lisa she put she cell phone in she pocket . iden to reveal that she 's stand in a grove of tree , look down at the Charles house . int . charle house - day Beth go out the front door , arm full with Kyle and overnight bag . she set the alarm and shut the door behind she ... only to realize she forget she purse . Beth punch back in , grab the purse from inside and close the front door again behind she . forget to re-set the alarm . xt . drive way Beth secure Kyle in he kiddie seat , then walk around to the driver 's side , get in and drive away . pan up to Lisa watch . CUT to : ext . charle house - minute later Lisa approach the back of the house , carry a paper bag . she step up on the deck and go to the kitchen door . she do not even check to see if it 's lock . she take the bag which contain a bottle of champagne and use the bottle to break a pane in the kitchen door window . then she reach inside and unlock the door . int . kitchen Lisa step inside and look around at the cheerful room , Kyle 's high chair , the place set for three at the table . L isa put the champagne bottle on the counter , then hum happily , she begin to open shelf until she find two crystal champagne flute . she take they down . now she look for a ice bucket and find it . int . beth' car Beth drive down the hill , call derek on she cell . intercutting derek in the office ( continued ) S D 93 . continued : dere ( answer he cell ) hey . beth we just leave the house . derek good . do you set the alarm ? beth the ... I think I do . I have to run back in and I can not remember if I re-set it . erek look , do not worry about it . beth no , I be barely down the hill . I will do it and call you back . Beth click off . she slow down and pull into a driveway . she back out and return up the hill . int . master bedroom Lisa enter , carry the ice bucket with the champagne bottle in it and the two flute . she smile excitedly , like a woman prepare for she lover 's return . Lisa place the champagne on the night table . she remove she coat to reveal a sexy white nightgown , then reach into the coat pocket and take out a paper bag . he upend the bag and with a giggle , begin to sprinkle red rise petal on the floor , make a trail to the bed . I nt. beth' car Beth drive up the wind road to the house . int . master bedroom the ice bucket and champagne sit on the night table . Lisa stretch out on the bed , amid the rise petal , leave a space for she lover beside she . she gaze up at the crack ceiling mirror . she smile at herself and , thanks to the crack mirror , she smile be distort , scary and insane - look . 94 . ext . charle house Beth pull into the drive . int . master bedroom on the bed , Lisa hear the car . she roll off the bed and cross to the window , parting the curtain to look out . her Pov Beth step out of the car . beth' voice ( barely audible ; to Kyle ) mommy will just be a minute . Lisa tense , suddenly fearful . int . derek' office he can not work , glance at he cell for Beth 's call . int . foyer Beth let herself in . she 's about to set the alarm when she hear the floor creak above she . Beth freeze . she wait , listen . no further sound . but Beth know . Beth go to the front door as if to leave . she open the door and close it as if she leave the house . int . master bedroom Lisa , stand very still near the window , hear the sound of the door open downstairs , then close . relieved , she move to the window and peer out , expect to see Beth get into the car . but there 's no sight of she . int . foyer Beth pull off she shoe and lay they by the door . she begin to quietly tip toe up the stair , certain to be as quiet as she can . N 95 . int . master bedroom Beth enter to see Lisa peer out the window . beth girl , you be even dumber than my husband say you be . ( beat ) or do you just forget to take you med ? Lisa whirl around . Beth be stand in the doorway , give Lisa a deadly look , like a cat who 's just trap a mouse . Beth take notice of the rise petal on the bed and floor . Lisa be wide - eye , terrify , catch . Lisa begin to edge she way around the room . beth ( cont would ) you really fuck up this time ... come back to my house . do not you get my message ? Lisa 's eye dart around for escape . Beth seem remarkably calm . beth ( cont would ) you can look all you want but you be not get out of here . to until I have give you the beat of you life ... bitch . and she mean it , too . Lisa try to dart around she . but Beth cut she off , grab Lisa by the throat and force she back , slamm she hard against the bed post . L isa bounce off the post , stunne . Beth be on she , slapping she hard , grab a handful of Lisa 's hair , rip it out by the root as Lisa try to get free . Lisa let out a subhuman shriek of pain . Beth toss the hank of hair aside , keep on come . she 's beyond piss . beth ( cont would ) think you can walk into my house ... my bedroom ... Beth slap and punch Lisa . ( continued ) ( L 96 . continued : beth ( cont would ) my child ... my husband ! Lisa try to fight back but Beth be a tiger , beat the hell out of she , knock she around the room . isa ( in pain ; terrify , whimpering ) please ... beth please ? please what ? please do not hurt you ? as Beth pummel she , Lisa stumble / retreat into the adjoin bathroom . she slam the door shut and throw the lock , face bleed , look around for a weapon , something to protect herself with . crash ! the bathroom door come off its hinge as Beth barge in . lisa no ! Beth grab Lisa by the head and slam she face into the bathroom mirror . it crack . Lisa be wobbly , unable to stand . her face be a bloody mess . but before she can collapse , Beth prop she up . B eth ( " concerned " ) you be bleed . we need to wash that off . Beth force Lisa down , shove she head into the toilet and flush it , hold she there as Lisa flop and choke . beth ( cont would ) do not worry . I be not go to drow you . jerk Lisa 's head up ) no , no . I be just get start ... lisa ( blubbering ) please ... I be sorry ... beth too late , bitch . sorry will not cut it . Beth kick Lisa out of the bathroom . ( continued ) I 97 . continued : ( 2 ) Lisa land on the floor and get up , rise petal stick to she gown . as Beth come out of the bathroom , Lisa lunge for the night table and grab the bottle of champagne . she swing it and hit Beth be the side of the head . whack ! the cork pop and champagne go spew everywhere . stun , Beth go down on she knee . Lisa wipe blood from she face , circle Beth , lip draw back and tooth show like a animal . lisa he do not love you ! I be the one he want ! ( craze ; scream ) why can not you get that through you head ? Lisa raise the bottle to hit she again . Beth lunge forward and tackle she . the bottle go fly as the two woman thrash around on the floor . I nt. office derek dial Beth 's cell . int . car Kyle snooze in he car seat . Inside Beth 's hand bag on the front seat , she cell phone trill . not . master bedroom Beth and Lisa fight on the floor like two she-demon . Lisa break free from Beth . she crawl to the head of the stair and grab the post , pull herself to she foot , eager to escape . beth ( suddenly behind she ) careful . you do not want to fall down the stair . Beth give Lisa a shove . Lisa go crash down the stair and land at the bottom in a heap . Beth descend . beth ( cont would ) do that hurt ? because it look real painful . ( continued ) p 98 . continued : lisa ( manage to sit up ; defensive ) please ... Beth ... beth oh , it 's Beth now ? what happen to Betty ? Lisa rise to she foot , wobbly . she raise bloody hand in surrender . lisa please . I will go ... I will leave ... I swear I will never bother you again ... beth you get that right . Lisa turn and desperately hobble for the front door . but Beth easily beat she to it , knock Lisa aside and throw the chain . B eth turn and face Lisa with a murderous look . hugging the wall for support Lisa back away , leave a bloody smear . Beth advance . in the kitchen , the phone ring . both woman freeze . hone ring again . then ... derek' voice on the answering machine hi , you have reach the Charles residence . we be not here right now but if you have a message for derek ... beth' voice on the answering machine ... or Beth ... or Kyle .... Kyle , say hello . kyle's voice on the answering machine ( cute ) hello . beth' voice on the answering machine please wait for the beep . beeeeeep . derek' voice ( with concern ) Beth ? be you there ? ( continued ) 99 . continued : ( 2 ) lisa derek ! Lisa try to make it to the kitchen to get the phone . Beth grab she by the sleeve and pull she back . the sleeve tear loose in Beth 's hand . derek' voice Beth ? Lisa stumble back toward the stair . she scramble upward , think maybe she can get to the phone in the bedroom . Lisa reach the top step just as Beth snag she ankle , stop she . Lisa roll around and viciously kick Beth in the shoulder with she other leg . Beth fall back , tumble halfway down the stair . D erek' voice ( cont would ) Beth , pick up ! Lisa make it to the bedroom . she see the phone on the night stand . derek' voice ( cont would ) Beth ? be you there ? Lisa desperately grab the phone . lisa derek ! oh , derek , thank god ! intercutting derek in the office reacting in surprise and panic . derek Lisa ? before she can answer , Beth be suddenly there . she rip the phone from Lisa 's hand and strike she with it . as Lisa stumble back into the hall landing , Beth speak calmly , even sweetly , into the receiver . beth derek , I be right in the middle of something ... let I call you back . derek Beth -- Beth hang up the phone . ( continued ) T D 100 . continued : ( 3 ) alarm , derek hurry out of the office , punch a number into he cell as he run to the elevator . a nervous Patrick watch derek exit ... erek ( cont would ) I need to speak to Lt. reye . it 's a emergency ! Beth go out into the hall and Lisa spring on she . he two woman fight , go up against the bannister . they claw and punch at each other . with renew strength , Lisa force Beth up against the bannister . Beth look over the side and down ... Fifteen foot below be that large glass dining table . Lisa bang Beth against the bannister . a few foot away be a heavy crystal chandelier suspend from the ceiling by a metal chain . T he bannister rail begin to crack . Lisa try to force Beth over , then Beth suddenly swing they around , reversing position -- the bannister crack , break apart and Lisa topple over the side . as she 's about to fall , Lisa reach out and grab the chandelier with both hand . by a miracle , it support she and she swing back and forth like a human pendulum but now the chandelier be beginning to pull loose from it 's ceiling mount . plaster crack and rip away . Lisa swing back and forth , dangle . Beth stand on the landing . she look at terrify Lisa , then up at the ceiling mount . it will not take Lisa 's weight much longer . and both woman know it . Lisa hang by one hand , reach out with she other hand to Beth who could pull she to safety . lisa please .... Beth consider . then , as if come out of dream , she slowly reach out to Lisa . they hand lock together . Beth slowly pull Lisa toward she , toward safety . ( continued ) L T 101 . continued : ( 4 ) beth ( quiet voice ) let go of the chandelier . lisa ( afraid ) no ... beth let go , Lisa . he chandelier be about to break loose . B eth ( cont would ) ( motherly concern ) listen to I . you have to let go right now . and , trust , Lisa let go . but so do Beth !!! with a look of horror on she face , Lisa fall through space . the soundtrack go dead silent as we go into slow motion . down , down , down Lisa fall . her arm and leg flop around like a marionette with its string cut , claw the air . the fall seem endless . then ... Lisa hit the glass dining table with she back . her whole body buckle . the surface of the table ripple . in slow mo , the glass shatter and explode around Lisa , frame she entire body , form a halo around she head . sound return -- the sound of break glass -- and it 's deafen . the table give way and Lisa land hard on the marble floor , she skull crack . her back be probably break but she 's still conscious . ying there , Lisa stare up at Beth on the landing as glass bounce and tinkles around she . the two enemy lock eye . Beth 's face be impassive . Lisa open she mouth , try to speak . and that 's when the chandelier break loose . ( continued ) R R 102 . continued : ( 5 ) Beth watch without emotion as the chandelier plunge downward and hit Lisa in the chest with a radiantly beautiful shower of crystal . it kill she on impact . W e come out of slow motion . Real time resume . on the landing , Beth stare down at Lisa 's body , splay under the chandelier like a break doll . Lisa 's eye be open but they be dead . Beth , stoic , just stand there , look down . int . derek' suv as derek speed through traffic , desperate to get home . int . charle house Beth come down the stair , take no notice of Lisa 's lifeless body . she go to the foyer , unhook the chain and open the front door . ext . charle house outside , a car pull up and monica reye jump out . reye hurry up the walk and meet Beth stand in the open door . reye Beth ? be everything alright here ? beth ( very calm ) I be fine . Lisa have a accident . ( move past reye ) I have to go . my mother need I . reye look into the house and see Lisa 's body , then turn back as Beth go to she car and open the driver 's door . eye Beth , I need to speak with you . Beth turn back to reye . beth call I on my cell . eye what happen here ? beth I think you know what happen ... ( a beat ) ore ) ( m ( continued ) h I 103 . beth ( cont would ) continued : now my child have be wait too long . I be sure my husband will be home soon ... Beth and reye lock eye . reye nod she understanding . Beth nod back , get in the car , start the engine and back out of the drive . reye watch she exit . not . derek' suv in traffic . he dial he cell . intercutting beth in her car she pick up she ringing cell phone , look at the caller id and glance at Kyle in the rearview mirror . beth ( tear start to well ) it 's daddy ... derek ( frantic ) Beth , I speak to reye . be you okay ? beth it 's over , derek -- derek Beth ... ( a pause ) tell I baby -- be you hurt ? beth I should have believe you ... derek it 's gonna be okay , honey . we be gonna be okay -- beth ( long beat ) I love you , derek . derek and I love you -- derek continue on against the traffic . the dashboard picture of Beth and Kyle still smile back at he . high angle shot , pulling back as Beth 's car drive away , pass police car on they way to the house . the end