observe and report written by jody Hill fade in : ext . CAROLINA mall - morning one long tracking shot from the back . a pervert in a trench coat run along the edge of the mall . a group of old women be come toward the MAIN entrance . the pervert open he trench coat and flash the old woman . they scream ! the pervert duck behind the bush and run with the skill of a navy seal . a family be walk down the sidewalk . the pervert open he trench coat and flash they . the pervert duck behind a dumpster . he keep run and see a car drive by . the pervert flash the car . the pervert take a two -step run , see another lady , flash she . he dive behind a car . then pop up and flash another girl . it 's a all - out pervert assault ! the pervert then run across the parking lot , jump a fence , and dart from the property -- vanish as quickly as a ninja who just perfectly execute a assassination . int . mall - business office - day MARK , the mall manager , walk by a group of woman , who be expose to the pervert . they crowd around and complain loudly . MARK lady , please , we be do everything we can to handle the situation . nothing be more important to we than the safety of we shopper . now in the meantime , feel free to check out some of we wonderful back - to - school sale . Excuse I for a minute . Mark walk down the hallway that house all of the business affair office . he stop at the receptionist be desk . MARK have you see ronnie ? ( continued ) 2 . continued : receptionist I have not see he all morning . the mall manager quickly walk off . on the way , he pass a janitor . MARK Ramon , have you see ronnie ? janitor no , senor . the mall manager keep walk . int . security office - day the mall manager come into the surveillance room . it 's a small office with monitor that show the different security camera around the mall . dennis , a mall Security guard with sunglass who will not utter a word ever , turn around in the chair . MARK where be ronnie ? Dennis shrug . CUT to : int . garage - day blackness . White shaft of light sporadically shoot through the dark and we see image . a giant flashlight be insert into a utility belt . mace be insert in the other side . a walkie - talkie be turn on . a taser be spark . mirrore sunglass be push over the nose . a garage door raise and bright light spill in ... ext . garage - day a garage door open slowly and reveal a soupe - up orange golf cart . there 's a siren on top that spin around . the man drive be ronnie barnhardt ( 28 ) , a stocky mall security guard whose expression read all business . ronnie pull out of the garage ... superimpose : observe and report 3. ext . mall - day heavy metal music . a group of anarchist skater rage through the mall parking lot tear up everything they see . a couple of they smoke cigarettes . one skater grind over a bench . one kid olly onto the hood of a car . another slam into a old man and knock he over . meanwhile , ronnie sit in he golf cart -- wait . he look eerily like mel Gibson at the beginning of mad Max . the skater ride past a set of construction cone . one skater pick up the cone and toss it across the parking lot . the skater soar past ronnie , who flip on the silent orange siren and give chase . as the skater ride through the parking lot , ronnie pull up and drive alongside of they . ronnie ( cop authority voice ) pull over to the sidewalk , now ! stevie , the leader of the skater , yell back . stevie fuck off , ronnie , it 's just a parking lot . ronnie Sir , pull over to the sidewalk , now ! hector , another skater , join in . hector leave we alone . stevie yeah , skate 's not a crime , dick . ronnie skateboard be not allow on mall premise . pull over now ! stevie we be not leave . hector yeah , fuck you ! the skateboarder flip ronnie off and push hard to get away from he . ronnie gun it and a all out chase ensue . ( continued ) 4. continued : ronnie pull up alongside of a slow skater . ronnie side - swipe the skater , force the skater to run into a trash can and fall . ronnie catch up to another skater . this time , ronnie try to hit the skater on the side again , but he be too fast . ronnie swerve try to get he , but he dodge and duck . ronnie hit the brake . the skater think he have escape , but look up and see that a car be in he way . the skater nail the car and be throw over the hood . ronnie be back in the chase and only hector and stevie be leave . ronnie gun the golf cart and zoom up closely behind the two kid . ronnie ram hector over and over from behind . hector wobble . ronnie ram he again . hector go swerving off and fall down hard . ronnie do not break he pace and gun it toward stevie . stevie be good . he turn and ride through car , olly over parking block , and through pedestrian . ronnie burn down the lane beside he . stevie look behind and ronnie be nowhere in sight . he 's in the clear . stevie turn back around and see ronnie , drive in reverse straight towards he . ronnie ram into the skater and knock the poor kid on he ass . stevie what the fuck be you do ? ronnie I be drive in reverse and try to get you to flip into the back seat . stevie what ? ronnie that way I could handcuff you smoothly and take you in . you know , never mind , just get in the goddamn golf cart . stevie pick himself up slowly and hobble toward the golf cart . 5 . int . mall - security office - morning ronnie be in the room with the monitor . the skater sit across from he . there 's a poster on the wall with the security guard motto : observe and report . ronnie fiddle with he walkie-talkie . ronnie it seem like we go through this every day . what 's it go to take for you all to realize that I will not tolerate this horseplay and just do whatever you want to and do not worry about the rule attitude ? stevie ronnie , I hear what you be say and I just want you to know that personally , it pain I to see you all work up and I just want you to know that I be really sorry because you can not do shit and you can take you little rule and stick them up you ass , you fuckin ' rent - a- cop . the skater all start crack up . hector yeah , suck my dick . the skater start laugh louder . ronnie that 's funny , guy . I try to be a mentor to the youth , but it seem like you boy have go straight past boydom to the land of street - harden criminal . I be leave with no choice . you call I rent - a - cop , but I call myself the law 's right hand . I see the crime ... and I phone it in . and that 's what I be get ready to do right now . ronnie pick up the walkie-talkie and turn it on . he speak into it . ronnie ( into walkie ) 317 , this be ronnie barnhardt over at Carolina mall . come in , over . ( continued ) 6 . continued : walkie voice ( v.o. ) this be Officer Douglas , what do you wish to report ? over . ronnie ( into walkie ) I have get a couple of trespasper who have be find skateboard on mall property . can you send a black and white over to take this boy into processing ? over . ronnie wink at the skater . walkie voice ( v.o. ) uh ... yeah , ronnie , we be kind of busy today . I mean , we get like three car accident . ronnie pick up the walkie and whisper into it . ronnie ( into walkie ) what do you mean ? I have get this guy red-hand . I be gonna need a car over here pronto . I can not hold they all day by myself . over . walkie voice ( v.o. ) copy . yeah , like I say , we be awfully busy right now . I think you should probably just make them promise not to do it again and threaten to call they parent or something . that will get they . over . the skater start laugh . ronnie ( into walkie ) Sir , I do not think you understand , they parent do not care about they . this be a 911 from one of you soldier . Officer need assistance ! over ! walkie voice ( v.o. ) yeah , it 's not gonna happen ... the voice fade as ronnie turn off the walkie . ( continued ) 7. continued : ronnie so as you can see , the law be just one little call away . but I be gonna choose not to use that tactic today . I be gonna do something that I like to do from time to time , and that 's call handle shit myself . ronnie take he pad out of he pocket . he begin write . ronnie while I will not have you arrest today , I be go to suspend each of you for one week . for that of you who do not know how this work , here it be . this be official documentation . if you step foot on mall property , it be consider trespasp . at that point , I call the police , they come down , you go directly to jail . ronnie fill out the paperwork , set the suspension note on the table . stevie look down at it . he pick it up , read it , ball it up , and throw it at ronnie . the skater start crack up . ronnie you accept it originally , so it still count . ronnie sit there while the skater laugh . int . mall - food court - day ronnie sit at a table with a cinnabon in front of he . across the table sit nell , a chubby but cute girl , who wear a cinnabon uniform . the couple hold hand and they have they head bow . nell dear Lord , bless this food that we eat and purify it with you salvation . also , please keep ronnie safe as he work in you name to protect the customer and employee and store owner of the mall . ( more ) ( continued ) 8. continued : nell ( cont 'd ) and please turn you wrath on any sinner that try to hurt he and make they pay by burn in the eternal flame of hell . in Christ 's name we pray , amen . ronnie amen . ronnie begin devour he cinnabon . nell so what 's on the agenda for you today ? ronnie you know , the usual . Spot crime before it happen , perform random act of bravery , save people from certain death , yada yada yada . nell what 's wrong , ronnie ? ronnie nothing , nell . nell ronnie , I know that you really want to be a Police Officer , but you have to realize that thing work out the way they be mean to . ronnie I know . I be okay , nell . thanks , but really , I mean , I be on the front line right now . I be livin ' it . nell you job be definitely more exciting than mine . ronnie of course it be , but at least you do not have to wrestle with the demon at night . I better get go . nell I will see you after work , sweetie . nell lean in to kiss ronnie , but he pull away . ( continued ) 9 . continued : ronnie not at work , nell . we have to keep up appearance , we talk about this . and do not call I sweetie . nell I be sorry . I will see you after work , Officer barnhardt . ronnie ' bye , nell . ronnie stand up and walk off . int . mall - day ronnie stand in the middle of the mall and supervise the early morning mall walker as they stride around the outer mark lane . it 's all senior citizen . ronnie slow it down . watch you speed there . this be not a race . hey , second time , slow it down . Mark , the mall manager , walk up to ronnie . MARK I have be look all over for you . ronnie I have not be hide , but some thing that I have to do be better to keep hide from you and ' official ' eye . trust I , it 's best all around if there be no body to clean up . MARK so you may or may not have hear , but this morning , several woman be assault just outside the front door by a crazy pervert . ronnie for the love of God . MARK I know , it 's horrible . ( continued ) 10 . continued : ronnie you want I to phone this one in to the police ? MARK not just yet . see if we call the police , they will be a big scandal and something like that could kill what little traffic we have at this mall . what I need you to do be watch out for this pervert and if you see he , try to stop he or quietly phone it in so we can handle this discreetly . ronnie hold on , Mark . let I make sure I understand you . you be tell I to deny my primary objective of observe and report crime and at the same time , you be give I authorization to handle this case on my own . MARK I be just say keep a eye out and keep quiet . ronnie so basically , I be in charge of this whole investigation . MARK there 's no investigation . ronnie not yet . okay , Mark , I will do it , but I be gonna need a few thing first . MARK you can not carry a gun . ronnie well , I be gonna need a new title . something to instill fear in the criminal mind . how about director of mall Intelligence ? MARK head of mall Security . ronnie that 's perfect . ( continued ) 11 . continued : MARK and it do not come with a raise . ronnie get it . MARK and the new title stay between we . ronnie understood . thank you for this opportunity , Mark . I will not let you down . CUT to : ext . CAROLINA mall - day ronnie stand in front of a cadillac with a boot on one of he tire . a local news camera crew come up to ronnie and the female reporter start ask question . female reporter Excuse I , sir , but we would like to ask you a few question . ronnie I be sorry , but I can not answer anything . female reporter we hear a report that a unidentified man be spot earlier today expose himself to several woman . do you care to comment ? ronnie I be not allow to comment on that situation . female reporter so you admit there be a situation . ronnie I be train to resist torture for up to 72 hour , you really expect I to break now ? get real , lady . ( continued ) 12 . continued : female reporter ( to she camera crew ) we be waste we time here . let 's go find some police to interview . ronnie good luck . female reporter what 's that suppose to mean ? ronnie it just mean you will not find any police . female reporter be you tell I the police have not even be call ! ronnie ( sarcastic ) ewww , alert the media . female reporter Jesus , well who would they leave in charge , you ? ronnie smile like he know a secret . female reporter yeah , right . why would they leave you in charge ? ronnie first of all , if there be a situation to be handle , I do not see why you find it so goddamn ridiculous that I would be in charge . the reporter wave for she crew to start filming . female reporter ( set a trap ) look , there be no way you be in charge of this investigation . ronnie well for you information , I be in charge of this whole fuck operation . ( more ) ( continued ) 13 . continued : ronnie ( cont 'd ) I do not give a goddamn if you believe I or not , Ms. hot fuckin ' shit news lady . I be the first line of defense against this pervert . as the law 's right hand , I be here so that people like you can live in you own little happy world and think place like this mall be safe and fun . I be the defender of this war zone . just I and my goddamn flashlight . just then , saddamn , a angry Middle easterner with shitload of cell phone and beeper strapped to he , come run up to ronnie . saddamn you motherfucker , you put a boot on my car ! ronnie ( cop voice ) I warn you about parking in the fire lane , saddamn ! saddamn fuck you , ronnie ! take that goddamn boot off of my car . ronnie ( go into cop voice ) step away now ! saddamn I pay good money to this mall . do not tell I where to park ! ronnie Sir , I will be force to take action if you do not step back ! saddamn I be gonna kill you ! ronnie pull out he taser and shoot saddamn . saddamn go down hard and begin twitching . he be fuck out of it ! ronnie go back to give the interview as if nothing happen . ( continued ) 14 . continued : ronnie as I be say , the pervert situation here be real bleak . for all you people out there think of come to the mall , please for you own safety , stay away . saddamn ( still fuck up ) I can not believe you tase I . ronnie ( to the man ) that 's right and I have get another one wait right here for you . CUT to : int . department store - day brandi , the make - up counter girl , glob on ton of make - up . she 's a hot girl who look like she 's spend a few sticky night in the bed of a truck . ronnie stand back and watch brandi . finally , he walk up to she . ronnie hey , brandi . brandi look up from she mirror and then go back to apply make -up . ronnie that color look great on you skin . not just that color , but I have notice that all make - up look really good on you . especially the blue around you eye . I bet it drive the man crazy . brandi glare at ronnie . ronnie it 's okay . I can say that because I be take . brandi what do you want , ronnie ? ( continued ) 15 . continued : ronnie I be here on official business . see , I do not know if you know this , but I have recently be make head of mall Security . do you hear about that ? brandi no . ronnie well , I be sure you will . it 's actually pretty huge news . but the reason I stop by be to tell you that it look like we have get a pervert on the loose . a real live psychopath who gain sexual gratification by expose himself to lady such as yourself . I just want to warn you to be careful when come and go to work . brandi okay , get it . ronnie and you may not want to wear any of that skirt that you like to wear . brandi what skirt ? ronnie you know what skirt . something like that could set he off . and for that matter , you better not wear any of that little low - cut top thing either , okay ? especially with that black bras because , you can really see they in the light . pervert really tend to notice stuff like that . okay , see you later . ronnie take off and leave brandi still apply make - up . int . mall - night the light be turn off and the mall be empty . ronnie walk out with Dennis . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ronnie Dennis , man , I be glad we have get a minute to talk . there 's no easy way to say this so I be just go to come right out with it . Mark offer I the position of head of mall Security . I know this be not easy for you to hear see as you have be here longer than I . but I want you to know that you be my best friend and I be only go to accept the job if you be okay with that . Dennis shrug . ronnie well , you should know I have already accept and it 's too late to turn it down now . every ship need a captain . so you be pass over . who give a shit ? Dennis , in time , you will come to accept answer to I . remember , there be not any leader in friendship . we cool ? Dennis and ronnie shake hand . they walk out and lock the door behind they . ronnie hey , you want to go and grab a beer or something ? Dennis do not say anything and just walk to he car . ronnie follow . ronnie yeah , you be right . you be probably in no mood to party after that news . well , try not to take it too hard . see you later , buddy . ronnie leave Dennis and walk to he car . ext . trailer - night ronnie 's home be a shitty double - wide at the very end of the shittiest trailer park in town . 17 . int . ronnie' bedroom - night ronnie life in a boy 's room . there 's all kind of poster up with instruction on how to execute choke hold , wrist lock , and other assort death blow . however , the biggest decoration be a large diagram of the mall . ronnie stand in the middle of he room with he mom across from he . she 's a old , thick boozer , with the strength of a father and the love of a mother . she downs a full beer and throw it against the wall . mom you think you be ready for a shot at the title , motherfucker ?! ronnie I be ready , Mom . mom ding ding . ronnie and he Mom take to fight . ronnie 's Mom be surprisingly good and she land the first blow to ronnie 's cranium . ronnie ow ! mom what 's wrong , baby ? be you pussy hurt ? ronnie fuck you ! ronnie attack he Mom . he manage to scoop she and body slam she to the ground . ronnie 's Mom flip out of it on the ground . however , ronnie hold onto she wrist and stand up , thus lock in the submission hold . mom ah ! ronnie you give ? mom fuck you ! ronnie flip the wrist lock tighter ! mom ow ! ( continued ) 18 . continued : ronnie you move with I , you go down . you move against I and you arm break . mom I give ! ronnie what 's that ? mom I give ! let I go , goddamn it . ronnie let he Mom go . she shake off the pain . mom I can not believe you get that lucky shit on I . ronnie luck have nothing to do with it . mom you almost break my arm . ronnie I be sorry , Mom . be you okay ? mom not really . ronnie 's Mom rub she arm . ronnie drop he guard and come over to tend to he Mom 's wound . however , she 's only play possum . ronnie 's Mom see a open and attack ronnie at he leg . ronnie go down and the two start wrestle again . ( note : this play as realistic as possible , no phony punch or smooth / comedy fight , it look like a school yard fight video . sloppy and real . ) CUT to : int . ronnie' bedroom - later that night ronnie be lay in bed while he Mom chug another beer beside he . she 's one - eye-close punch - me-in- the-face drunk . they be watch ronnie on the news from earlier . edite local news segment : ronnie talk into microphone . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ronnie ( v.o. ) yeah , well for you information , I be in charge of this whole beep operation . I do not give a beep if you believe I or not , Ms. hot beep beep news lady . do you see anybody else ? beep no you do not . as the law 's right hand , I be the first line of defense against this pervert . I be here so that people like you can live in you own little happy world and think place like this mall be safe and fun . I be the defender of this war zone . just I and my beep flashlight . the female reporter address the camera over footage of ronnie tasing saddamn . female reporter ( v.o. ) no comment as to why step be not be take , but this Security Guard feel like he be the only one do anything to protect the people who visit Carolina mall from the suspect . for all of we , I hope this be not the case . back to you , Lindsay . ronnie turn off the television . mom ( drunken slur ) I be so proud of you , ronnie . ronnie do you think I do good ? mom Hell yes . you be great . ronnie ah , you be just drunk . mom Nah , you do good . ronnie yeah , I usually do not come out to the forefront like that . ( more ) ( continued ) 20 . continued : ronnie ( cont 'd ) my official order be observe and report , but when Mark put I in charge of mall security , something inside of I change . it 's what I have always want . thing have not always work out , with the whole ... well , you know . but this give I faith that I can do something great . this be my call to duty and I be go to answer . I be go to bust this fuck pervert . I swear it on everything I be . anyway , I better get to sleep . I get a big day tomorrow . good night , mom. ( off no answer ) Mom ? on cue , ronnie 's Mom fall over in a drunken sleep . she start snoring loud as hell . ronnie get out of the cover and help he Mom onto the bed . ronnie tuck she in like a loving son . he pries the bottle from she finger . then , he grab a pillow and go to sleep on the floor . int . mall - o'charley be - day ronnie walk up to o'charley 's . it 's the one-step - up restaurant that 's in the mall . there 's a bouncer out front who watch over the store . ronnie you work the door here ? bouncer that 's what they tell I . they need to hire a little security here in case the drunk get out of line or whatever . ronnie kind of funny they think they need more security here . ha . you do realize that if anyone get out of hand , you need to call I to handle the situation . bouncer I work for o'charley 's , not for the mall . ( continued ) 21 . continued : ronnie grant , but you realize that my jurisdiction supersede any and all other form of security when under the roof of Carolina mall ? bouncer you know , I think about get a job as a mall Security . ronnie you do ? bouncer yeah , man . I mean , I be kind of on extend vacation from college and it 's just like , I do not want to do shit , you know what I mean ? my parent say I have to work if I want to live at home , but I just do not feel like do anything . this be the easiest job I could find , I mean , what the hell could be hard about be a bouncer in a mall restaurant ? but now that I think about it , mall Security could be easier than this . ronnie my young friend , you be sorely mistaken . do you know how much stuff I be in charge of ? bouncer no . ronnie a shitload . that 's not even count the parking lot . bouncer really ? I think you just kind of chill out and call stuff into the police . ronnie no way , that 's about like 75 , maybe 82 percent of it . there 's so much other stuff . bouncer like what ? ( continued ) 22 . continued : ronnie two word , Friday night . bouncer what about it ? ronnie it 's crazy , let 's just leave it at that . bouncer okay . ronnie listen . I like you , but I do not like the fact that you be masquerade as a official in the security world . if you be serious about a career in the security world , then perhaps I could look into get you a job on my staff ? bouncer oh yeah ? ronnie part of my job be reach out to troubled youth such as yourself . it 's who I be . bouncer do it pay more than $ 6.50 a hour ? ronnie laugh . he lean over to the bouncer and whisper in he ear . bouncer ( whispering ) Seven even . ronnie stand back and wink at the bouncer . bouncer I would say that 's more than I be make now . ronnie hold on , this job involve a probationary period . you have to prove yourself worthy . we can not just hire any old Tom , Dick , or Harry just because they want to carry a flashlight . ( continued ) 23 . continued : bouncer what do I have to do ? ronnie you have to complete a term as deputy . you will answer directly to I . you job will be to come and find I if you see any trouble . if this work out , then I will phone the crime into the police . now , this will train you eye to spot various criminal activity . once you have complete you training , you will be award a official position on my security staff where you will have the duty of actually phone in crime to the police yourself . bouncer so basically , I just do what I be do now and then you will get I a job ? ronnie for starter . bouncer how long do this mentorship last ? ronnie until Mark let I hire another guy . bouncer can I smoke while I work ? ronnie yes , you can . bouncer sign I up . ronnie you keep that attitude up and you will have no problem make the squad . ronnie reach into he pocket and hand the bouncer a mini flashlight . bouncer what 's this ? ( continued ) 24 . continued : ronnie it 's a flashlight . get to know it . it 's you new best friend . until you get you giant flashlight . then , that will be you new best friend . the bouncer take it and put it into he shirt pocket . ronnie okay , look alive , soldier . deputy time start now . no more slacker attitude for you . ronnie walk away , but after he take a few step , he stop and turn . ronnie you know , I remember when I get my first flashlight ... ronnie go into a emotional memory in he mind . ronnie walk away leave the bouncer there alone . ext . mall - day loud rock score fade to loud rock source . a trick - out Toyota pull up to the parking lot . the car come to a stop and out step brandi , the makeup counter girl . brandi walk toward the mall to start she new day . as she cross the parking lot and head toward the door , the pervert pop out . this time , he 's upped he attack and beat off stare right at she . the horrendous sight stop brandi dead in she track . she scream bloody murder ... CUT to : int . department store - day it look like a rape scene . brandi cry in the makeup chair and be surround by a large group of mall employee . her makeup run down she face as she effeminate coworker bruce console she . Mark be work crowd control . ( continued ) 25 . continued : MARK ( to the crowd ) alright , people , she 's do good . we be just gonna get she down to my office and everything 's go to be fine , so the best thing for you employee to do be just get on back to you station and you customer can go ahead and enjoy the back to school savings here at Carolina mall . brandi it be horrible ! oh , my God , the think of that disgusting -- I think I be go to be sick . bruce just let it out , baby . he should be ashamed ! brandi I just keep play it over and over again in my head . MARK brandi , please , Dennis have call the police and let 's just take this down to my office . the department store manager come run over . department store manager what 's go on ? bruce a pervert attack brandi be what 's go on ! department store manager be you okay , brandi ? brandi physically , yes . but psychologically , no ! brandi start cry hard . the Department store manager pull Mark aside . department store manager ( whispering ) do you call the cop ? ( continued ) 26 . continued : MARK they be on the way . brandi start cry even louder . department store manager yeah , we get to get she the fuck out of here . everybody 's stand around and nobody 's shopping . this be bad for business . MARK I be try , but she just keep cry . ronnie come run up on the scene . he look like a man who run a mile to get here . ronnie brandi ! I come as soon as I hear . Jesus , be you alright ? brandi I be fine , ronnie . MARK she 's fine , ronnie . ronnie this be one of the most heinous thing I have see . Jesus , I try to tell you about the skirt . it 's not you fault , you little fighter you . ronnie 's not mad , okay ? MARK ronnie , can you get she down to my office so the Police can talk to she in private when they arrive . ronnie Rogers . brandi I can not walk right now . I feel like I be in shock . ronnie do not worry . I will carry you . ronnie reach down and pick up brandi . she totally let he . ronnie struggle and can not lift she . it look dumb . ( continued ) 27 . continued : MARK oh , fuck Jesus . ronnie finally manage to lift brandi . he carry she out of the Department store and down through the middle of the mall . ext . mall - day a black unmarked police car pull up quickly and stop directly in front of the Main entrance to the mall as if to say to the world , " I be a cop and I can do this . " out step detective harrison , a young cop that have the arrogance and swagger of a man who be just beginning to feel he power . int . mall manager' office - day Mark sit at he desk , while ronnie comfort a cry brandi . Dennis stand in the corner , not say a word . detective Harrison knock as he come in the door . detective harrison you secretary tell I to come on in . I be detective Harrison , cabarrus County Police . detective Harrison show he badge to Mark . the two man shake . MARK Mark talbert , I manage the mall . this be brandi , she 's the one who see the deviant . detective harrison hello , brandi . be you do okay ? brandi I be really shake up . detective harrison yes , mar 'am , I be sure you be after all you have be through , but I be here to tell you that we be go to work together to make sure we catch the person who do this . ( continued ) 28 . continued : ronnie my name be ronnie barnhardt , chief inspector on the case and head of mall Security here at Carolina mall and this be my lieutenant , Dennis . from one law enforcement officer to another , I just want to welcome you and say that we will do whatever it take to coordinate with you department in order to bring this assailant to justice . the detective pause as if he 's unsure what just happen . detective harrison great. ( back to brandi ) okay , brandi . do you get a look at the suspect ? brandi yes , I do . ronnie do you get a blood sample ? brandi no . ronnie that 's a shame . would have be useful . MARK go ahead , detective . detective harrison thank you . brandi , can you remember anything specifically ? what color be he hair ? be he tall or short ? brandi he be tall and skinny and he have brown hair and it be real greasy . detective Harrison begin write in he note pad as brandi speak . ronnie notice this and pick up some paper and begin to write as well . detective harrison be he hair long or short ? ( continued ) 29 . continued : brandi it be long about to he shoulder . detective harrison do he say anything ? brandi no , he just stand there and you know , touch himself . detective harrison what be he wear ? brandi just a brown trench coat . ronnie this be what I get so far . ronnie hold up he paper . ronnie have draw a crude sketch of the pervert that brandi describe , but it 's basically a long-haire stick figure with a penis . ronnie what 's yours look like ? detective harrison I just write a description . ronnie oh. ronnie put he sketch away . detective harrison okay , brandi , I think that 's good for now . I think the best thing at this point be to just follow up with the other lady who see the perpetrator yesterday and see if they remember anything . brandi what if he come back ? detective harrison that 's highly unlikely . this incident be usually random and unpredictable . I be sure you will be safe . ( continued ) 30 . continued : ronnie I be afraid I be go to have to disagree with you there , detective . by my math , it seem pretty clear that brandi 's be target . detective harrison targeted ? what give you that impression ? ronnie well , how about the fact that she be the first employee to get assault ? not to mention the fact that she be the prettiest girl who work at this mall . to I it seem obvious that this be some sort of methodical villain that plan on return to finish what he start by murdering brandi . brandi be that go to happen ?! detective harrison that 's not go to happen . ronnie look at brandi and nod he head " yes . " detective harrison well do not worry . I be on the case and I be go to do everything in my power to bring this guy down . ronnie that 's right , brandi , you have get the best team in law enforcement work for you . detective harrison look , I have get to get go . here 's my card . I will even write my home phone number on the back , just in the event you need to get a hold of I . detective Harrison write he number on the back and then hand he card to brandi . ( continued ) 31 . continued : detective harrison give I a call when you be not work and I will have you come to the station to look through some mug shot . ( touch she leg ) do not worry okay . brandi I feel a lot better now . ronnie hold out he hand . detective harrison what ? ronnie I will take one of that card as well . detective harrison oh , okay . detective Harrison reluctantly hand ronnie a card . ronnie go ahead and write you home phone on there as well in case I need to get a hold of you . detective harrison you can just leave a message at the station . I check my message constantly . ronnie sorry , but I be gonna need that digit . if we be gonna solve this crime we need to constantly be in communication with each other and have a open door policy with intelligence . brandi , let I see that card . ronnie take the car from brandi and copy the home phone number from the back . ronnie cool , I will call you later with a update . detective harrison do not do that . ( continued ) 32 . continued : ronnie it 's no problem at all . we be brother of the badge . this be what we do for each other . detective Harrison take off . ronnie look around happily . ronnie seem like a good guy . a little green , but still solid . int . mall - night the mall be wind down for the day and most of the customer have go home . ronnie walk through the mall , taping up picture of the sketch he make of the pervert . nell come walk up with she apron over she shoulder . nell what be you do ? ronnie just put this poster up . nell you have be so obsessed with catch this pervert I have barely see you . ronnie that 's what it 's like when you date the head of mall Security . the downside be we do not get to see each other as much , but the upside be you get to brag to all you friend . nell well , be you ready to go ? ronnie sure , let 's take off . int . ronnie' live room - night the local news be on and they show a update on the mall flasher story . the sound be off . ( continued ) 33. continued : the live room be dark . ronnie and nell be on the couch make out . ronnie be start to get frisky . his hand go to nell 's boob , but only outside of the shirt . she allow it . ronnie decide to push it . he take he hand and try to go up she shirt . nell immediately stop kissing and push ronnie away . nell what be you do , ronnie ? ronnie come on , let I get some of that big bazoomba . ronnie go in hard for the tit , but nell push he away . nell ronnie , no . ronnie goddamn it , be we ever gonna do it ? nell you know we talk about this . ronnie we do , it 's just , well , I be tired of just do what we do . I be ready for something bigger . like sex or just maybe use a finger on you -- nell ronnie , you know I be save myself for marriage . I think you be okay with that . ronnie well , I use to be , it 's just . I do not know . what 's so great about be a 27 - year - old virgin ? nell stand up and start to put on she coat . ronnie stand up and try to comfort she . ronnie nell , I be sorry . do not go away like this . ( continued ) 34 . continued : nell I think you love my purity . ronnie I do . I really do . I be sorry , nell . nell it 's okay . I should leave anyway , it 's late . ronnie I will stop by for breakfast tomorrow . nell see ya tomorrow . nell leave and ronnie close the door behind she . ronnie Mom , wake up . let 's go to bed . ronnie 's mom groan . she have be pass out on the floor with a empty bottle of Jack D beside she the whole time . int . mall - night the light be off and a glove hand break into a case in the jewelry store . all of the diamond and gold be pick up and pockete . someone be robbing this bitch . CUT to : int . mall - the next morning ronnie stroll through the mall sip on he morning coffee . he stop when he see that the jewelry store have be break into and rob . ronnie oh shit . ronnie go run down through the mall . int . mall - security office - morning Dennis and ronnie be sit and Mark stand over they . they be look at the security tape . ( continued ) 35 . continued : detective Harrison knock on the door and walk in . ronnie stand up to greet he . ronnie good to see you , brother . look like the old team be get together to crack one more case . ronnie give detective Harrison a hug . ronnie I be ready to go to war with you . detective harrison thanks for waking I up this morning , ronnie . ronnie I have already check the Security tape . they do not catch a thing . someone must have break in here and turn they off . detective harrison my team just check all the door and there be no sign of force entry . I have also check out the crime scene , but we do not see any fingerprint on the glass . the suspect be probably wear glove . MARK that do not sound good . how do they do it ? ronnie laser technology . detective harrison my guess it be a inside job . probably someone who have access to key like a janitor or a security guard . ronnie detective Harrison , can I ask you how long you have be a detective for ? detective harrison I be almost at the end of my first year . ( continued ) 36 . continued : ronnie just as I think , a rookie . detective harrison I have be a police officer for several year . ronnie yeah , you be a rookie , okay . it 's fine , you will learn with experience . and when you do , you will discover that rule # 1 of law enforcement be that you do not ever turn on a fellow officer . now , I know you would never actually accuse somebody on my Security Force of commit this act of lawlessness . detective harrison whoever do this would have to have key to the Security room so they could shut off the camera . ronnie look , my record speak for itself and as for Dennis , well I can certainly vouch for he . Dennis be one of the finest man I know , so just take my word , you be bark up the wrong tree . now , let 's put this little squabble behind we and get back to busting the guy that rob this mall . detective harrison ronnie , nobody be accuse anybody , but I would like to stick around for a while and interview some of the employee . MARK okay , but all I ask be that you do it quietly , so that the hoopla be keep to a minimum . detective harrison I understand . ronnie I understand too , sir . ( continued ) 37 . continued : MARK ronnie , you be to leave detective Harrison alone and let he handle the investigation . ronnie no can do , Mark . when you appoint I head of mall Security , I swore a oath to protect this mall and aid in bring crime to its knee . MARK you do not swear a oath . ronnie to myself I do . detective harrison ronnie , on this type of investigation , it 's usually not a good idea to have too many cook in the kitchen . ronnie there 's only one cook . I be a chef . a cook and chef , together , serve up justice . detective harrison I be gonna do this alone . ronnie hot plate of justice . ronnie stand up . ronnie come on , rookie . let I show you the lay of the land . CUT to : int . mall - day ronnie talk to Dennis in the middle of the mall . ronnie okay , Dennis . I have gotta hang with detective Harrison . ( more ) ( continued ) 38 . continued : ronnie ( cont 'd ) what I need for you to understand be that just because detective Harrison be here , do not mean that you and I be no longer best friend . sure , Harrison would be cool to hang out with . he carry a badge and a gun . he probably own a boat . over time , we will probably become really close like brother , but for right now , you be still number one . now , I must leave you behind because duty call , so ... chin up . Radio if you need anything . ronnie take off , but we stay with Dennis . he walk directly to the arcade . Dennis put a quarter in the machine and play pinball . int . mall - kiosk - day ronnie watch from afar as detective Harrison interview saddamn , who stand in front of he cell phone kiosk . detective harrison so , have you see any suspicious people hang around the mall ? anybody who might have be case the store ? saddamn Nah , man . I be not see nothing . detective harrison okay , well if you can think of anything , here 's my card . detective Harrison hand saddamn he card and begin to leave . disgust , ronnie come walk up . ronnie ( to Harrison ) my turn , rookie . detective harrison what be you do , ronnie ? ronnie solve the whole case right before you eye . ( continued ) 39 . continued : detective harrison ronnie , this be official police business . ronnie hello , saddamn . saddamn what the fuck you want , ronnie ? ronnie I want you ass to face the music be what I want . saddamn do not come any further , bitch . the restrain order say 20 foot so just back the fuck up . detective harrison ronnie , I appreciate you enthusiasm , but just let I handle this . ( to saddamn ) have a good day , sir . ronnie so you be just gonna let he slip right through you finger ? detective harrison I have no reason to make he a suspect . ronnie no reason ? look at he . there 's every reason in the goddamn book . saddamn why be you say that , man ? ronnie I think it 's obvious , saddamn . saddamn that 's fuck up . you be racist , man . ronnie you be not even black . ( continued ) 40 . continued : detective harrison ronnie , stop . we be finish here . now if you be go to tag along , I be gonna need you to just stay back ; be we clear ? ronnie sure , sorry . we be crystal . detective Harrison walk away . ronnie follow , but take one more look at saddamn , who flip ronnie off . saddamn go back to holler at girl . saddamn what 's up , girl , you get a boyfriend ? free cell phone with a month trial and I throw in my phone number for free . int . mall - janitor be room - day ronnie stand nearby as detective Harrison question a old mexican janitor , who stand by he cart of clean product . detective harrison do you let anybody borrow you key ? janitor no , senor . detective harrison have you see anything suspicious ? janitor no , senor . detective harrison okay , sir . thank you for you time . ronnie alright , I believe I can be of some assistance here . detective harrison ronnie , we talk about this . ronnie this be a special circumstance . ( continued ) 41 . continued : detective harrison what special circumstance ? ronnie communication skill , watch and learn . ronnie step into the forefront . ronnie que pasa ? janitor Long draw out conversation in Spanish ? ronnie como ? janitor more Spanish dialogue . ronnie si. ( to Harrison ) yeah , this guy definitely do it . detective harrison what do he say ? ronnie I do not know , I do not speak Spanish , but judge from he tonal inflection , it 's safe to say that he 's hide something . the only question be where . ( to janitor ) okay , Ramon , I be give you one chance and one chance only to come clean . or else detective Harrison be go to come over to you house and deport you whole family back to Mexico . detective harrison no , I be not . ronnie good cop , bad cop , just play along . ( to Ramon ) where be you hide the jewel ? ( continued ) 42 . continued : janitor no se . ronnie alright , you be gonna make I be the bad guy here ? well , that 's a role I be comfortable play . let 's just see what you be hide . ronnie dig through the trash bin that be on the cart . ronnie sling trash out all over the floor . he find nothing . detective harrison ronnie , that 's enough . ronnie think you be pretty slick , do not you ? guess what ? I be pretty slick too . ronnie take the clean product and open the bottle . he pour the content out on the floor . what 's he look for ? who know . ronnie alright , you be free -- wait a minute . ronnie take the mop and break it in half with he foot . he take the halve and shake they , think that something will come pour out of the open cylinder . nothing do . ronnie okay , my mistake . Sir , you be free to go . uh , you might want to have someone clean this up which in this case be you , so , uh , chop - chop . would not want anyone to slip on this mess . ronnie leave the janitor with a bewilder look . int . mall - victoria secret - day ronnie follow detective Harrison into the lingerie store . they approach the counter where a hot clerk be work the register . hot clerk hello , can I help you ? ( continued ) 43. continued : detective harrison I be detective Harrison with the cabarrus County Police . ronnie and I be ronnie barnhardt , head of mall Security . detective harrison okay , seriously , would you back the fuck off ?! I be try to do my job and you be fuck it up . ronnie come on , we be work here . detective harrison I be work ! detective Harrison be seriously annoyed . detective harrison ( back to the clerk ) sorry . hi. I be do a check with all the mall employee to see if anybody have any information on the robbery that take place here last night ? hot clerk I be sorry , but I have not notice anything out of ordinary . a sexy worker come up to they hold a scandalous pair of undy . sexy worker Tracy , do you think my boyfriend would like this ? the sexy Worker hold the undy up to she crotch . ronnie look and he tongue almost drop out of he mouth . he straighten himself out . detective harrison that 's fine , thanks for the help . ronnie you be gonna let they distract you with a little bit of panty show . you have get a lot to learn , my friend . ( to the hot clerk ) who be you protect , toot ? ( continued ) 44 . continued : hot clerk what be you talk about ? ronnie look , I be sure you and you little friend have make a real lifestyle for yourselves here . it 's probably easy for you to blind most man with you beauty , but I be not most man . I can see through the sexuality to the truth . jewelry , gold , diamond , you do not really expect I to think that a man want that crap . I be put you on my list of top suspect . I do not think you do the crime , but I do think you be a accomplice . detective harrison I be sorry , mar 'am . he 's not with I . here 's my card . if you think of anything , just give I a call . detective Harrison walk out and ronnie follow he . on the way out of the store , ronnie pass a man who be look at the underwear . ronnie stop . ronnie you should be ashamed of yourself . ronnie give he a warning look , then walk out . int . mall - hot topic - day ronnie and detective Harrison stand across the counter from a tattooe salesman . ronnie be that pot I smell ? detective harrison shut up , ronnie ! salesman it 's sage . ronnie whatever , hippy . if I find you do drug or kill cat or whatever you devil worshipper do , I will come back here and bust you . I swear to God . ( continued ) 45 . continued : detective harrison get the hell out , ronnie . I be here to ask question about the robbery . ronnie just forget that , we be on to something bigger here . ( back to the salesman ) tell I more about this ' sage . ' CUT to : int . mall - sear - day ronnie and detective Harrison be in the hardware department talk to the sear manager . detective Harrison sit on the ground . he have completely give up on the investigation at this point , as ronnie control it all . ronnie pick up a hammer . ronnie now , maybe I be crazy or maybe I be the smartest man alive , but it seem kind of convenient to I that you sell hammer like this one that could easily be use to smash a glass case in , oh say , a jewelry store . sear manager could not you smash the glass with anything ? ronnie you really think you be gonna talk you way out of this one ? CUT to : int . mall - food court - day ronnie be hang out with Dennis and the bouncer from o'charley 's . behind he , nell work the counter at cinnabon . ( continued ) 46 . continued : ronnie you guy should have be there today . we be just solving shit leave and right . I mean , that 's what this job be suppose to be like . bust loiterer and kid who steal penny from the fountain have its reward , but really get in there and close case be where it 's at . it 's reward too because at the end of the day , you know you have do something good for the world . bouncer what be we do here , ronnie ? I think you say they be give away free chick-fil -a sandwich . ronnie well -- what be you name anyway ? bouncer Charles . ronnie well , my young apprentice . I call you here today because as head of mall Security , I have decide that it 's time to take protection to the next level . in other word , I alone cannot combat this recent crime wave . in order to help I in my personal journey , I have decide to divide up the task between my soldier . so , for now on , Dennis , my right -hand man , you will be in charge of solving the case of who be robbing the mall . Little chucky , you will be on the case of the pervert . you be both to collect data and provide it to I . I will analyze the data , draw conclusion , and solve this crime as well as coordinate and strategize with various law enforcement agency . bouncer since we be go to be do a lot of the work and you be go to be solving the crime , do we at least get pay ? ( continued ) 47 . continued : ronnie you can not measure honor in dollar and cent . ronnie look over at the cinnabon and nell wave to he . ronnie smile back and wave at nell . bouncer be that you girlfriend or something , ronnie ? ronnie who I ? Nah , man . why ? what do you think of she ? bouncer she 's not my type , but that 's just I . ronnie yeah , but , you do not think she 's kind of hot ? bouncer be you blind ? give I a break . wait , be you sure she 's not you girlfriend ? ronnie fuck no . there 's no way I would date that ... person who 's obviously not hot . nell wave again , but ronnie just kind of turn away , ignore she . ronnie anyway , we new unit will operate under the name , ' special Elite Task Force . ' you will answer directly to I and no one else . now , let 's all put we hand in the middle and do a unify cheer . ronnie put he hand out . Dennis put he in as well . Charles be not sure . bouncer you be gonna hook I up with a job , right ? ronnie Seven even . I promise . ( continued ) 48 . continued : Charles put he hand in as well . ronnie one , two , three , task force ! ronnie be the only one who get into it . it 's a weak - ass cheer . ronnie okay , so now I say we all take a celebratory trip to sear because , as we all know , today be half - price day on all automotive part for mall employee . CUT to : int . mall - day slow motion bad - ass shot . the " Elite Task Force " walk down the mall as if they be the baddest ass -kick team on the planet . they walk united and unoppose . CUT to black . fade in : int . security office - night ronnie tack up picture of all of the robbery " suspect " on a bulletin board . it 's picture of saddamn and the Devil worshipper guy . beside he be a sketch of the pervert . the image be on the bottom point of a pyramid . on top of the pyramid be a combination draw / picture of ronnie . the body be draw with he arm fold across he chest and a photo of he face be tack on top . the whole thing add up to nonsense , with the only clear idea be that he defeat they all . ronnie sit back in he chair and stare at the board . all of a sudden , there be a knock at the door . the door open and brandi peep she head in . brandi sorry to interrupt . ( continued ) 49 . continued : ronnie it 's no interruption . what be you still do here ? brandi I have to do inventory tonight . Bruce take off early so I be the last one . hey , I be wonder if you would mind walk I to my car . you know , just in case that freak with the dick be out there someplace . ronnie it would be my honor . ronnie stand up and walk out with brandi , shutting off the light as he leave . ext . mall - night ronnie and brandi pull up to brandi 's car in the golf cart . brandi alright , thanks for the ride . ronnie just do my job with a little something extra especially for you . brandi see ya tomorrow . ronnie brandi , um ... I be just think , would you like to go to dinner this weekend ? brandi how come every time somebody do something nice for I , they act like I owe they a blow job ? ronnie look , it 's not like that . I have get a girlfriend ... who do not work in this mall . brandi ronnie , I get to be honest with you , you be not really my type . ( continued ) 50 . continued : ronnie just out of curiosity , what be you type ? brandi Rich guy . or guy who be really hot . ronnie yeah , I guess that 's not I . brandi I will go out to dinner with you on one condition . ronnie what 's that ? brandi this be not a date . do you understand ? we be go to dinner , but we be not go on a date . ronnie done . brandi and you can never tell anybody we go out . ronnie my lip be seal . brandi you pay for dinner , right ? and as many drink as I want . ronnie you may drink you fill . brandi and you have to drive I to my car every night after work for the next six month . ronnie you get it . brandi and my car be low on gas , so I need some money to fill it up . ronnie take out he wallet . ( continued ) 51 . continued : ronnie be $ 20 enough ? brandi Nah , fifty . ronnie take out more money and hand it to brandi . she take it , count it , and put it into she bra . brandi okay , you can pick I up after work on Saturday . dinner and that 's it . do not try to kiss I because I will smack the shit out of you . it 's not a date . ronnie get it . not a date . brandi thanks for the ride . brandi climb out of the golf cart and walk to she car . she open the door and start to get in -- ronnie hey , brandi . brandi what ? ronnie I lie . it be a date . before she can argue , ronnie gun the golf cart and drive away . ext . mall - morning ronnie see stevie and the skater do hand rail down a ramp while mall patron try to get by without get nail by fly skateboard . ronnie drive up on he golf cart . stevie we suspension be over . ronnie I be not here for that . I need to talk to you . a giant bodyguard with a shave head stand up . ( continued ) 52 . continued : bodyguard anything you want to say to stevie , you can say to I , motherfucker ! ronnie who the fuck be you ? stevie this be my cousin , Roy . he 's a boxer . bodyguard you get a fuckin ' problem , bitch ?! ronnie reach into he belt and produce a can of mace . he spray it into the eye of the bodyguard . the guy go down and start scream in pain . bodyguard my eye ! stevie Jesus , ronnie , what the fuck be you do ? ronnie I need a favor . stevie I be listen . ronnie as you know , we have have a lot of crime around here lately . between the flasher and all the break -in , I have decide to go to the street . frankly , I be look for a stool pigeon and you be just the right person . stevie why would I want to help you ? ronnie I could make it worth you while . you like skate at the mall . I could allow you to skate here whenever you want . in exchange , you keep you eye peel and provide I with any information you come across as to the identity of the perpetrator . ( continued ) 53. continued : stevie sorry , dude , but I be no snitch . go find somebody else to do you dirty work . ronnie well , let I put it another way . if you do not help I , I be gonna spread you little butt cheek and stick this flashlight up you ass . but like for real . like I really will do that . this be the new I talk and I get what I need , you understand I , stevie ? stevie alright , dude , I understand , you sick fuck . ronnie cool . in that case , have fun shreadin' . ronnie get into he golf cart and drive off . stevie look down at the Boxer who be still on the ground . stevie stop cry , Roy . stevie start skate . int . mall - food court - day ronnie walk into the food Court and see nell wait at they table with ronnie 's morning cinnabon . he take a deep breath and head over . nell hey , sweetie -- oh , I be sorry , good morning , Officer barnhardt . ronnie good morning , nell . nell where be you last night ? I try to call , but you mom say you be not home from work yet . ( continued ) 54 . continued : ronnie look , I get to talk to you about something . I be not really sure how to put this . let 's see . if you drive a Toyota . nell I drive a Ford . ronnie I know , but let 's just pretend you drive a Toyota . now , this Toyota run really good . it always start when you need it to and it get good gas mileage and you do not have to do much to maintain it . then you get a really important job like astronaut , no that will not work , you get a job as the head of Wall Street . well , you may really like that Toyota , but you be go to feel weird about drive it to work every day , right ? now let 's say that somebody offer you a chance to get rid of that Toyota and instead you get a Ferrari . it may be more expensive and harder to drive , but I mean , it just look good as hell . what would you do ? nell I do not get it . ronnie you would trade up , nell . well , that 's exactly what I be do . nell be you think about get a new car ? ronnie no , nell , I be get a new girlfriend . nell what ?! who ? ronnie this girl , brandi . ( continued ) 55 . continued : nell the slutty girl who work at the make - up counter ? ronnie yeah , I mean , no , she 's not a slut . but you be think of the right person . nell how could you do this to I ? ronnie I be sorry . I do not mean to hurt you . it 's just , well , I believe in this world , you play the hand you be deal and at this point in my life , I have be deal five ace . I would be a fool not to bet . nell why be you do this , ronnie ? ronnie I have to , nell . nell do not you love I ? ronnie of course I love you . nell then tell I why ? ronnie because I have never date the prom queen before . nell remember when you start this job ? you be not such a hotshot then . I have stand by you when you be at you worst . every time you fall , I hold you hand and tell you everything would be okay . time and time again . ronnie come on . why do you have to bring that up ? ( continued ) 56 . continued : nell I never care about who you want to be , I fall in love with who you really be . if you leave I , ronnie , I will not be there to pick you up when you fall . ronnie even if I do fall , it will not matter , because I be learn to fly . ronnie stand up and walk away . nell sit there sad . she look down at she cinnabon and devour the whole thing . int . mall - maurice' for men - day ronnie look through a clothing rack . it 's full of cheap fabric , lot of imitation silk and shit . a slick salesman approach ronnie . slick salesman can I help you , sir ? ronnie yeah , um , I have get a really special date tonight with a hot young lady -- do you know brandi ? slick salesman no. ronnie never mind . anyway , I need something that 's really ' cool . ' something that will impress she and I guess you could say I be not exactly in the know with what the hipster be up to this day . slick salesman let 's see . be you look to fall in love or be you look to get laid ? ronnie um , I guess love , but uh ... slick salesman you want to get laid , too ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : ronnie watch it , man . she 's a lady . but yes . slick salesman alright , I get just the thing . something classy be what you want . show she you be a man with taste . CUT to : int . ronnie' bedroom - night ronnie 's Mom sit on he bed with a bottle of Wild Turkey . she wait for ronnie to come out of the closet . mom come on , ronnie , just get out here . ronnie it 's too tight in the butt . mom let I see . ronnie come out of the closet and he 's wear a ridiculous fuck outfit . it 's a imitation silk button up , with a pair of black parachute pants . there 's two belt for some double belt action . he 's get no sock on and a pair of white shoe . he look like a goddamn fool . mom ronnie , you look so handsome ! ronnie really , you do not think I look like a phony . mom Hell no . you look like a stud muffin . ronnie yeah , I guess this clothes be kind of cool . mom nell be a lucky girl . ronnie its not nell , Mom . ( continued ) 58 . continued : mom really , I think you and nell be go to get marry some day . ronnie I do too . but then I meet this girl brandi and she sweep I off my foot . mom well , I always like nell , but as long as you be happy , ronnie , that 's all I care about . ronnie I actually feel kind of bad about nell , but I figure that I can pour all the sadness into brandi and just really rely on she for my happiness instead of nell . mom that sound wonderful . be she pretty ? ronnie she be , Mom . she 's the most perfect girl in the whole world . mom I remember when you father pick I up for we first date . I swear he be the most handsome man that I have ever laid eye on . I know right then and there that this would be the man that I marry . ronnie I hope that happen tonight . mom it will , ronnie . then you will have to give she a ring like the one you father give I . ronnie 's Mom hold up she finger for ronnie . it 's a giant yellow / cottony - look diamond ring . ronnie be that a yellow diamond ? ( continued ) 59 . continued : mom it 's a glass diamond . this be how it look now . ronnie Mom , why do dad leave ? mom well , he kind of freak out when you be bear . you have so many special need that he just could not handle the pressure . one day , he just could not take it anymore . ronnie do you think it be my fault that dad leave ? mom definitely . you do not think it be mine do you ? ronnie well , I do not know , with the drink and all . mom nope , it be all you . ronnie nod . mom I love you , ronnie . ronnie I love you , too , Mom . int . captain oxlander - night the restaurant be the cheesiest of all sea food restaurant . think one step down from Red lobster . ronnie sit across the table from brandi . she chug one of that giant freeze drink , kill it in one gulp . ronnie damn , that be pretty impressive . brandi yeah , work 's be pissing I off , so I just need to blow off some steam . ( continued ) 60 . continued : ronnie well , brandi , can I just say that you look absolutely beautiful tonight . brandi yeah , I know . ( call to waiter ) nurse ! get I another -- ( to ronnie ) you get this , right ? ronnie yeah , yeah . no problem . brandi nurse ! bring I another and keep them come . ( to ronnie ) I think it 's funny to call the waitress nurse . ronnie take a pill bottle out of he pocket . he open it up and pop a pill . brandi hey , what 's that ? ronnie oh , it 's nothing . brandi do not be stingy , what the fuck be that ? ronnie it 's just a pill I be suppose to take . brandi let I see . ronnie hand the pill to brandi . brandi where the fuck do you find this ? ronnie the Doctor . ( continued ) 61 . continued : brandi damn , ronnie , klonopin . I be impressed . this be the good shit . I do not know you party like this . ronnie yeah , I guess I party like this every four to six hour as need . brandi let I get one . ronnie help yourself . brandi Hell yeah ! brandi pop a bunch of pill . ronnie so , how do you like work at the mall ? brandi I hate that shit . all I do be listen to bitching all day long . I get to put makeup on this fat - ass woman all day and it 's like , I do not give a shit what you do , you can not polish a turd . ronnie yeah , I see how that could get to you . brandi let 's do some shot . waiter , four shot of jager ! ronnie that 's a lot . brandi it 's Friday . ronnie so , brandi , I hope I be not be too forward , but do you have a boyfriend ? ( continued ) 62 . continued : brandi I have get a few hook - up but nobody who be a boyfriend . ronnie yes ! brandi you know , it 's just like a time in my life where I want to be free right now and think about myself . not get tie down to one person . ronnie yeah , I understand . I hate tie . I recently cut mine and now I be free like a bird . the shot come . brandi alright , bottom up . ronnie hold up a shot to toast . ronnie to new beginning . brandi right up you ass ! brandi downs she shot . ronnie okay . ronnie take he shot . brandi oh , shit ! ronnie no more . I be stick to beer . brandi what 's wrong , be you pussy hurt ? ronnie God , you remind I so much of my mother . brandi knock back the other two shot . ( continued ) 63. continued : brandi feel the burn , bitch ! ronnie you be so beautiful . int . ronnie' car - night ronnie 's car be a piece - of-shit subaru . brandi be shit - face and yell at people out of the window . brandi who want to see my titty ?! brandi lift up she shirt and show the passenger of other car she boob . ronnie brandi , this be the most fun I have ever have on a date . brandi for the last time , this be not a date , motherfucker ! this be a party ! ronnie wooo ! um , so , brandi , it 's no secret that I be attract to you . I think everybody in the mall be . as you know , I recently split with my girlfriend and basically , I be wonder if , since you do not have a boyfriend , that I could maybe be you boyfriend and you could be my girlfriend ? brandi that 's my house ! ronnie hit the brake . ext . brandi be house - night ronnie open brandi 's door and help brandi out . she 's almost pass out drunk . both of she eye be close and she immediately try to sleep on the ground . ronnie help she up , but when he do , brandi give he a kiss -- a sloppy one . ( continued ) 64 . continued : ronnie brandi , I have a wonderful time tonight . brandi I be so fuck shit -face . they kiss again , but when they do , brandi puke all over the place . it 's a disgusting puke and there 's vomit on she cheek and stuff . ronnie hold she head for she . ronnie be you okay ? brandi my breath smell like asshole . ronnie look longingly into she eye . ronnie I love you , brandi . brandi I think I have get puke in my tooth . ronnie I do not care . ronnie kiss brandi passionately on the mouth . he walk she inside the house . on the way in , she fall over . ronnie help she up . he carry she into the house where the make - love spot be . CUT to black . fade in : int . mall - food court - day ronnie be with Dennis in the food court . ronnie be smile , but Dennis be not say a word as usual . ronnie do not look at I like that , Dennis . I tell you I would not talk . ronnie sit back , but he can not help a giant grin on he face . ( continued ) 65 . continued : ronnie I be serious , Dennis . a gentleman never kiss and tell . so , just stop with all the pressure because it 's just not gonna happen . ronnie keep on grin at Dennis . ronnie okay , fine , you son of a bitch , you want detail , I will give you detail . I have sex with brandi last night . Dennis and ronnie high - five . ronnie it be amazing . I mean , I have never experience anything like it . I have be with a girl or two . Dennis stare at ronnie . ronnie okay , fine , I have be with a girl , but let I tell you , this be so much better . you know how many time we do it ? twice ! bam ! bam ! bam ! over at the cinnabon stand nell , who look like she 's be cry nonstop , stuff a whole cinnabon into she face . as it fill she cheek , she look over to ronnie 's table and see ronnie make thrust motion at the table . nell swallow , stuff another cinnabon in , then storm out of the food Court . back at ronnie' table ronnie continue to talk to Dennis . ronnie but I get to tell you , Dennis . it be steamy and sexy , but more than anything , I should tell you that it 's she soul that I fall for the most . she get pretty tank , but I could just really tell that she 's a good person . the kind of person that I could see myself with . ( more ) ( continued ) 66 . continued : ronnie ( cont 'd ) look , I be gonna get out of here . there 's a lot of people I need to tell about this , so I will catch up with you later . oh , and I almost forget , keep you eye peel for crime and stuff . ronnie leave the table . int . department store - day nell watch brandi as she pop a couple of aspirin behind the makeup counter . she take a deep breath and walk up to the counter . nell Excuse I . brandi how may I help you ? nell I need to talk to you . brandi what be it , honey ? let I guess . you be look for something to take care of that blackhead and hide that puffiness under you eye . I have get just the thing . nell no , that 's not it . well , how much be it ? brandi fifty dollar for the bottle . nell okay , I will take it . brandi begin to ring up the cream . nell listen , I know you be ronnie 's new girlfriend . brandi what the hell be you talk about ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : nell it 's okay . I know he leave I to be with you and I accept that . brandi I do not know who you have be talk to , but it 's safe to say that you be fuck trippin ' . nell it 's fine really . it 's go to take a while for I to get over it , but I will be okay . nell start to get all teary - eye . she pick up a kleenex from a box on the counter and wipe she eye . brandi oh fuckin' Lord . this be disgusting . nell I be sorry . brandi pull it together . this be how you run around all the time ? have some self - respect . no wonder you man leave you . who the hell would want to be around this shit all day ? nell pull herself together . nell Jesus teach we to forgive . and I forgive you for what you do to I when you steal my boyfriend . plus , I feel pretty confident that you will end up burn in hell because of the various evil way you live you life and that bring I some satisfaction . but I just want to tell you that ronnie be a good person . he do a lot of stupid stuff , but really , he want to do good for the world . I want you to know that if you hurt he and ruin he heart , I will personally come down here and kick the ever live shit out of you . nell walk away . ( continued ) 68 . continued : brandi you better fuckin ' run , bitch ! nell turn around and start storming toward brandi . brandi throw she hand up , frighten . brandi I be just kid . nell stop charge and walk away . nell walk past Bruce who be help a customer at the end of the counter . nell it 's not too late to change you way . bruce okay . thanks . nell walk out of the department store . int . mall - flower shop - day ronnie look at the colorful flower in the glass refrigerator . the flower salesman walk up to ronnie . flower salesman ronnie , I have be expect you . ronnie you have ? flower salesman oh yeah , I hear about last night . brandi be quite the woman . congratulation , my friend . or should I say , welcome to the club ? the flower salesman wink and start laugh . ronnie do not . it get weird so the flower salesman stop . ronnie what color of rose do the woman like anyway ? flower salesman well , it depend on what you be try to say . the white rose symbolize innocence and purity . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ronnie yeah , we be way past the color white if you know what I mean . what about the yellow one ? flower salesman Joy , happiness , appreciation . ronnie I do not even know what to make of that . flower salesman the pink rise mean thank you . ronnie next . flower salesman the red rise be the most powerful . it symbolize love . ronnie why do not you just say that ? I be a busy man here . flower salesman I be sorry . ronnie forget it . give I a big bag of the red one . flower salesman um , can I ask a question ? ronnie go ahead . flower salesman do you really like brandi ? ronnie I have only be on one date with she , but I could see myself be with she for all of eternity . flower salesman well , in that case , the great symbol of love be just a single red rise . ( continued ) 70 . continued : ronnie seem like a big bag of rose would be more love than just one , but I guess you be the expert . gimme one . the flower salesman take a single red rise from the case and hand it to ronnie . int . department store - day brandi be behind the counter gossipe with Bruce . ronnie hold he rise and watch they from a distance . he take a deep breath and then walk to the counter . ronnie brandi ? brandi what be you do here ? ronnie I come here to see you . and to present you with this single red rise . it symbolize ' love . ' brandi ronnie , that 's really ... uncall for . ronnie well , after last night , I just want you to know that it be not just some fling to I . it mean something special and I feel it deep in my soul . bruce you fuck the Security Guard ? ( playful ) you be such a little slut ! brandi oh , like you have never be drunk , Bruce ! brandi grab ronnie and pull he off to the side . brandi ronnie , look . I get to be honest with you . I barely remember last night . ( continued ) 71 . continued : ronnie I remember it for the both of we . brandi okay , see here 's the thing . I do not know how to say this , so I be just gonna come on out with it . ronnie , I could never date you seriously . I mean , you be a security guard . ronnie I be the head of mall Security . brandi exactly . the point be , I do not really see myself be with that . like ever . you know what I mean ? ronnie brandi , I know exactly what you mean . and I just want to thank you for be honest . you be tell I I be not live up to my full potential in life . it 's funny , because I have be feel like this for quite some time . I guess I just need that extra little push to get I over this hurdle I have be stick on . how can you be with a man who be not live the life he be mean to ? brandi yeah , something like that . and just you know , you be a security guard at the mall and it 's like , come on , you know ? ronnie I do not like it , brandi , but I do understand . I promise you this . next time you see I , I will be wear a uniform that will make you proud . I will be the man that you will be honore to call you life 's love . brandi do not bet on it . ( continued ) 72 . continued : ronnie I will though . I will bet everything I have on you . now I ask you for one favor . although I be unworthy , will you accept this rise from I anyway ? brandi I can not do that . and tell you girlfriend to stop come by my work and threaten I and shit . brandi walk away , leave ronnie there hold he flower . CUT to : int . police station - day ronnie sit at a small table and wait patiently . then a policeman walk into the room . ronnie stand to shake he hand . ronnie I be here to become a police officer . policeman we be always on the hunt for new recruit . do you have at least a high school diploma ? ronnie I have a ged . policeman we usually prefer a actual diploma , but ged be technically acceptable . be you a citizen of the United States ? ronnie you bet you ass I be . policeman okay , Mr. barnhardt , there be several step you have to complete in order to be eligible for the police academy . physical evaluation , psychological test , background check . ( more ) ( continued ) 73. continued : policeman ( cont 'd ) if you pass this test , you will be admit to the police academy . now , I like to tell all new recruit that they should complete a ride along before make this decision . it 's where you actually ride along with a real police officer during a routine patrol . it help give you a idea of the kind of situation you will be deal with . sound good ? ronnie that sound fun . sign I up . int . police car - night ronnie sit in the unmark police car with detective Harrison . ronnie it 's like it be mean to be . you behind the wheel . I riding shotgun . two brother of the badge unite to form the ultimate crime-stopping combo . I be psyched to be here , Harrison . thank you for the opportunity . detective harrison you request to ride along with I . ronnie I know . you want to know the truth . it 's because I respect you . see , when we be at the mall , it 's obviously my turf . sure , I break you ball about be a rookie , but out here in the street , I be the rookie . I be here to learn . teach I . detective harrison why do you want to become a cop ? ronnie I have want to be a Police officer all my life . ( more ) ( continued ) 74 . continued : ronnie ( cont 'd ) do not get I wrong , I love keep the mall safe , but you guy be the one that really enforce justice and protect , not just we mall , but we whole community . I do not tell the guy on my squad this , but the Security Guard job be just temporary . detective harrison well , just pay attention tonight and make sure you stay out of the way . ronnie right , we be not back at the station anymore so we can cut the charade . detective harrison what be you talk about ? ronnie well , I know that policy demand I stay out of the way , but between you and I , I just want you to know that if anything pop off tonight , I be go to jump right in there and take them down with you . detective harrison no , no . ronnie , policy say you have to stay in the car . ronnie I get you . you have to say this in order to keep you safe ' legally ' speak . I should probably follow along too . ' I swear I will not get out of the car and fight justice tonight . ' detective harrison ronnie , you really can not . ronnie I know . ronnie wink at detective Harrison . a smile come across Harrison 's face . ( continued ) 75 . continued : detective harrison I be glad we understand each other . detective Harrison put the car in drive and the guy head off for the night . int . police car - later that night ronnie and detective Harrison sit in the park car . they be at the shittiest crack corner in the whole town . lot of scary bum and hooker loiter around the car . ronnie yeah , so then I basically see he ass try to circumvent around the ped exit and slip through the employ exit . not allow . the two ped exit be to be use only -- detective harrison you see that corner there , ronnie ? ronnie yeah , I see it . detective harrison that corner use to be the worst corner in this whole town . it be riddled with drug , prostitution , and gang violence . it be nickname ' the crossroad . ' ronnie shit , I have hear of that . detective harrison that 's right , but myself and the other officer work on clean it up for year so that the good folk of this neighborhood would not have to worry about be safe . yes , sir , that corner be a testament to the fine police work of we force . ronnie I do not know . it look pretty shitty to I . ( continued ) 76 . continued : detective harrison well , it 's a low income area , ronnie . you be be kind of prejudice . ronnie oh , yeah , I can see that it 's basically a fine neighborhood . detective harrison that 's right , but it have not be easy . we still patrol this area every night just to keep we presence up . ronnie I use that same technique at the mall . detective harrison I be sure . I usually do the foot patrol myself , but because I like you , I be go to let you do it tonight . ronnie really ? detective harrison yeah , really . but I tell you about department policy , so I be go to need you to keep quiet about this one . ronnie you can count on I . thank you for the honor . detective harrison of course , ronnie . I just really believe in you . ronnie I will not let you down . ronnie open the door and get out of the car . as he exit , a car drive by blaring rap music . the passenger throw a beer bottle at ronnie . he dodge it and the bottle shatter on the ground . ronnie be shake , but he wave to detective Harrison like he 's okay . detective Harrison wave back , then peel out of there . ronnie be confuse . ( continued ) 77 . continued : ronnie where be you go ?! detective Harrison keep on drive without look back . CUT to : ext . crossroad - a short time later ronnie look petrify as he stand guard . a bum stand off to the side stare ronnie down . ronnie wave to the bum . the bum run he finger under he throat . ronnie try to ignore he . a group of kide walk by ronnie talk loudly . ronnie hey , no horse play . you guy get on home . kid you want some crack ? ronnie no , I do not want any crack . in fact , I do not want to do this , but you leave I no choice in the matter . I be place you under citizen 's arrest . ronnie grab the little kid by the shoulder to restrain he . kid let I go , motherfucker ! ronnie I place you under citizen 's arrest for the crime of sell a schedule 1 narcotic . you have the right to remain silent ... unbeknownst to ronnie , gang member start walk up behind he . it 's like that scene in train Day where all the gangster be hang out right across the street with gun and shit . they come up behind he as he speak to the kid ... ( continued ) 78 . continued : ronnie ... if you can not afford a attorney , one will be appoint to you . now I guess we just wait here for my ride to come back . ronnie turn around to look for Harrison 's return , but instead he see that he be surround by a large group of piss - off gang member . gang member # 1 that 's my little brother you get there . ronnie who , this little guy right here ? gang member # 1 that 's right . ronnie well , I hate to be the one to tell you this , but it appear that you little brother have try to sell I illegal drug . I know it 's hard for you to hear that . gang member # 1 he work for I , motherfucker ! ronnie be that so ? well then , it look like you get one less employee because I be take little brother down . I will die right here before I let crime prevail . the gang member all pull out they gun and point they at ronnie . ronnie ( to the little kid ) free to go , little brother . my mistake completely . good luck with the crack . the little kid run off . ronnie alright , so I guess I will be see you folk . the gang member stand in ronnie 's way and cock they gun . ( continued ) 79 . continued : gang member # 2 yo , waste this pig , tone . ronnie oh , no . that 's really not necessary , tone . gang member # 2 do it , man . gang member # 1 put the gun right up to ronnie 's head . ronnie oh , Jesus , I do not want to die . do not let I die , do not do it ! ronnie go down on he knee . ronnie no , please ! I be sorry ! ronnie reach into he boot and pull out a small rod . he flip he wrist and it extend into a night stick . ronnie 's begging be a trap . ronnie pop up and begin drop all that motherfucker with lightning - fast precision . ronnie break arm and bust head like a fuck ninja . gang member # 1 come in and hit ronnie with a sucker punch , busting he nose wide open . ronnie stand up and go mano y mano in a fist fight with gang member # 1 . he start kick ronnie 's ass . ronnie go down again and gang member # 1 start stomping ronnie . ronnie grab gang member # 1's leg and twist it . he take he down . ronnie jump on top of he and begin beat he senseless . slow motion : ronnie stand up and look around at the pool of beat body . this be ronnie at he most primal and also at he best . CUT to : int . police station - night detective Harrison be eat doughnut and laugh with a bunch of other cop . ( continued ) 80 . continued : cop # 1 I can not believe you drop he off at the crossroad . that 's fuck hilarious . detective harrison trust I , you would have do the same thing . this guy be without a doubt the biggest fuck idiot I have ever meet . cop # 1 he 's probably go to get kill . detective harrison good ! fuck he , I hope he do get kill . all of a sudden , ronnie come in all beat and bruise . detective harrison ronnie , what be you do here ? ronnie I know what you do ! detective harrison ronnie , look , I do not do anything -- ronnie you be not go to talk you way out of this one . you set I up ! detective harrison ronnie , look -- ronnie do not try to deny it ! you set I up and that 's all there be to it . detective harrison ronnie , I -- ronnie and I just want to thank you for it . detective harrison thank I ? why ? ( continued ) 81 . continued : ronnie because I be proud to report that I pass the test . I know you want to see if I have the chop to cut it on the police force and I be glad to say that I pass . I know I would get initiate some time , but I do not think it would be so soon . thank you , detective Harrison . thank you for believe in I . detective harrison ronnie , I do not know what to say . ronnie you do not have to say anything . you action speak for themselves . thank you for give this rookie a shot . get use to see ronnie barnhardt around here , boy . bad - ass physical exam montage - int . training field - day sprint : the testing officer blow a whistle and start the 100 meter dash . ronnie jump off the start line and haul ass down the track . the other trainees fall behind ronnie as he smoke they ass . pull - ups : ronnie jump on the bar and begin to do pull - up after pull - up . side slide : the test Officer blow a whistle and ronnie begin to shuffle side to side like a ice skater that never move forward . sit - ups : ronnie go hard on the sit-up . obstacle course : ronnie sprint up a wall and flip to the other side . he charge a body of water , then jump onto the rope and swing safely to the other side . CUT to : int . mall - night all the light be off and we see the dark shadow creep through the darkness . the shadow break into the shoe store and grab as many pair of sneaker that it can carry . the shadow open the slide cage and close it from the other side . then bend down and lock it . 82. int . mall - manager' office - the next day Mark sit behind he desk read a paper . the headline read : chaos climb at CAROLINA mall . there 's a knock at the door . MARK come in . ronnie stick he head in the door . ronnie good morning , Mark . MARK be it , ronnie ? I mean , the mall be get butcher in the press . somebody who work here be rip the place off . the cop do not have any lead . I be get shit from the owner of the mall . sale be down . I mean , what 's so good about this morning ? ronnie I feel you pain , Mark . quite frankly , there 's two thing happen . one , I be lack a sufficient firearm . and two , we be understaffed . that 's why I come to you this morning with a plan . ( call to the door ) come on in , Charles . Charles open the door and walk in . MARK who be this ? ronnie this be Charles , sir . charle ( bouncer ) how 's it go ? MARK you work at o'charley 's , right . charle that 's right . ( continued ) 83. continued : ronnie Mark , I would like to hire Charles here as a additional Security Guard . he would operate under I . I figure with the additional criminal element , we should hire more security in hope that we would have a better chance of catch this guy . MARK do you have any experience , son ? charle not really . ronnie um , sir , I have personally be training young Charles for week now in preparation for this day . the kid kind of look up to I . I be some what of a big brother to the little guy . Charles kind of look at ronnie like he 's crazy . MARK alright , it 's actually not a bad idea . it might make we Security more visible so we can give people the illusion that we be on top of this . ronnie wink at Charles . charle thank you , Mark . MARK ronnie , one more thing . look , if this crime do not come to a end pretty soon , we be gonna have to let someone go . I mean , you have always do a great job for I , but the truth be , someone be go to have to take the fall . you be the one who want to be head of mall Security and quite frankly , I just buy my wife a new cadillac , so let 's just say it will not be I . ( continued ) 84 . continued : ronnie with Charles on my team , I can now devote more time to the robbery and pervert case . I plan on have this wrap up by the end of the week . Mark laugh to himself . ronnie why would you just laugh ? MARK it 's nothing . have fun , ronnie . ronnie look at Charles . ronnie do I say something funny ? charle let 's go , ronnie . ronnie and Charles take off . int . mall - day ronnie and Charles stand in the middle of the floor and supervise the " mall walker . " charle be careful , guy . Nice and slow . ronnie that 's not bad , but you need to learn to speak in a more authoritative voice . watch this . slow it down ! slow it down ! you have already receive one verbal , do not make I issue a second ! ( back to Charles ) see , you can not be intimidate . you have to make they respect you . charle ronnie , you know I really want to thank you for the job . you be a man of you word . ( continued ) 85 . continued : ronnie no problem , my young student . so , I get something to tell you . keep this between we until it 's official , but I do not think I be go to be here for much longer . charle you be quit ? but you love this job . ronnie I do love it , but it look like someone be go to be join the police force . charle the real police ? ronnie they be call I up . it 's basically a do deal . just a little red tape be the only thing keep I from carry a gun . charle I do not even know you want to become a cop . ronnie it 's always be my job . the mall thing be great training , but it have its limitation . some star be just mean to shine brighter than other . charle congrat , brother . ronnie ( to a mall walker ) hey , slow it down , lady ! a mall Walker slow she pace . she turn around and ronnie see that it 's nell . ronnie nell ? nell hey , ronnie . ronnie what be you do ? ( continued ) 86 . continued : nell nothing , just get in shape . ronnie well , that 's okay , I guess . just watch you speed , okay ? nell wave and walk on . charle be not that you girlfriend ? ronnie ex . charle she look good . ronnie you think so ? charle she look a lot better . ronnie yeah . ronnie shrug it off . int . psychological evaluation - day ronnie sit across from a female psychologist . psychologist okay , ronnie , today I will be give you a psychiatric evaluation to determine if you be competent to enter into the Police Academy . it 's really just a formality . do not want any serial killer work for we , now do we ? ronnie no , mar 'am , we do not . psychologist okay , ronnie , so let 's start with you background . where be you from ? ronnie bear and raise right here . ( continued ) 87 . continued : psychologist local boy . okay , and , ronnie , have you ever be convict of any crime ? ronnie no , mar 'am . my record be totally clean . psychologist do you now take any illegal drug or have you take any in the past ? ronnie no , mar 'am . I believe drug be the path to self - destruction and should be purge from the face of the earth with ruthless vengeance . psychologist any prescription medication ? ronnie yes , for my nerve . a man in my line of work have a lot of stress to deal with . if you have see the bloodsh I have see , you would be on the med too . I -- where be you go with this ? psychologist be you presently or have you ever be affiliate with the Communist Party ? ronnie I can not believe you would even ask I that . psychologist have you ever be in the military ? ronnie yes . psychologist what branch of the military be you in ? ronnie the kind of branch that do not exist on paper . ( continued ) 88. continued : psychologist okay , here 's a real world scenario . you have a gun -- ronnie finally . psychologist that be not really the question , never mind , I think I get that one . um ... here 's one . do you feel like you would work well on a team ? ronnie would I ? yes . would I be more useful work alone , I would say definitely . I see myself more like a rambo kind of guy . a man who roll solo . take care of business on he own term . kind of like a superhero or something . psychologist why do you want to become a cop ? ronnie I want to become a cop to help people . the world be a scary place with lot of evil everywhere . see , I have this vision of evil try to get at the world from every angle and there I stand at the top of it all with my gun , just kind of blow it away . just I and my weapon , clean up this whole town . I know I could do some good if I be just give a chance and everybody would be a lot better off . psychologist uh-huh . so , what do you feel be the great danger face a police officer today ? ronnie maybe Russian gang activity , but you know what ? I think I be gonna have to go with evil on that one too . ( continued ) 89 . continued : psychologist okay , I think we be good here . it 's be a pleasure , ronnie . ronnie thank you , mar 'am . int . ronnie' house - bathroom - night ronnie 's Mom take a bath and swig on a bottle . she 's drunk and pass out in the tub . ronnie scrub she back with a sponge . ronnie I be tell you , Mom , this police thing could be good for both of we . not just the fact that I will be make the street safer for you , but they have health insurance and a pension plan so I do not have to worry about you medical bill as much . mom I do not care about that bullshit . all I need be a little nip of this good shit right here and I be ready to walk through the pearly gate . ronnie Mom , I know , but maybe you should stop drink so much . you be get up there and you know what the doctor say about you liver . mom I do not tell you how to party , do not tell I how to live my life . I have take care of you since you be bear . ronnie I just worry about you be all . mom ronnie , do not get you hope up about this police thing . ronnie why would you say that ? ( continued ) 90 . continued : mom you know why . I just do not want to see you get hurt . it 's my job to protect you from the bullshit . ronnie Mom , I appreciate it , but I be go to make it as a police officer . I be tired of come in second all the time . everybody in life get to go for they goal , why should I be any different ? mom I know . just be careful be all . you have get a good heart and I do not want to see it break . ronnie okay , Mom . I hear you . mom and , ronnie , one more thing . ronnie what 's that , Mom ? in the tub , a bunch of bubbles plop to the surface . ronnie Mom ! that 's gross ! mom ( drunk laugh ) that 's right ! now you get to smell it ! ronnie Mom . ext . police academy - day the Police Academy be full of energy as new recruit pour up the step and into the building , eager to start they training . ronnie come walk up and take a long look at the building . ronnie smile to himself and head up the stair . ronnie reach the top where detective Harrison be wait . ronnie stop . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ronnie ronnie barnhardt report for duty . detective harrison I can see that . listen , I do not really know how to say this , but we be not go to be able to let you join the academy . ronnie what ?! why not ? detective harrison it seem you have a little trouble pass the minimum requirement . ronnie do I fail one of the test ? detective harrison well , yes , actually , you fail the psychological exam . ronnie no ! detective harrison it say ... ( read from the form ) that ronnie barnhardt show warning sign of delusion and allow he to join the force put he life and the life of other in jeopardy . ronnie detective Harrison , you have get to believe I . I be completely sound . this have get to be a mistake . detective harrison ronnie , I personally do you background check and this be the fifth time you have be turn down for the police academy . ronnie you guy keep record on that ? ( continued ) 92 . continued : detective harrison we sure do . look , I try to talk to they , but there 's no way they be gonna let you in . I be sorry , but you dream of become a Police Officer just be not go to happen . ronnie I understand . thanks for believe in I , detective . and just for the record , I be not crazy . detective harrison take care , ronnie . detective Harrison go inside and close the door on ronnie . ronnie stand outside of the close academy by himself . the camera push into ronnie and spin upside - down . CUT to black . fade in : int . CAROLINA mall - morning ronnie be behind the lock gate to the food court , but it look like he be behind bar in a prison . ronnie slide the bar up and walk out . int . mall - day ronnie walk through the mall and look at the light of the different shop . everything look colorful and weird . ronnie be in he own head . this be not the exciting world as before , now it 's a disgusting fabricate make - believe land . time lapse : a day speed by as ronnie walk like a zombie through it all . int . mall - food court - night the mall be kind of wind down for the day . the store be close and people be go home . ronnie see nell put she apron away and prepare to leave . ronnie walk up to she . ( continued ) 93. continued : ronnie hey , nell . nell hey , ronnie . how 's it go ? ronnie can I talk to you for a second ? nell what be it ? ronnie I try to get into the police academy again and the same thing happen . nell oh , ronnie , I be sorry . ronnie start to tear up . ronnie why do this keep happen to I , nell ? nell I do not know , ronnie . maybe it 's just not mean to be . be you okay ? ronnie no . be you go home ? I mean , do you want to go somewhere and talk or something ? nell ronnie , I can not . ronnie why not ? nell I have get plan . ronnie what plan ? saddamn look at this sorry piece of shit . ronnie look up to see saddamn walk toward he . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ronnie what the fuck do you want ? saddamn I do not want anything from you . ( to nell ) how you do , sweetness ? saddamn hug nell from behind and kiss she on the cheek . saddamn you look beautiful tonight . ronnie what the fuck be go on ? saddamn you ready to go ? we get reservation at 9:00 . nell I be ready , saddamn . ronnie nell , for the love of God , do not go with he . nell I be sorry , ronnie . nell and saddamn turn and walk towards the door . on the way out , saddamn turn back around to ronnie and smile . then , he begin to " air hump " nell from behind . ronnie do not go , nell . remember you purity ! remember you purity ! nell and saddamn leave the mall . int . mall - day ronnie sit down on one of the bench in the mall . he watch a couple walk by , they little kid swinging between they arm . then , stevie come in and take a seat next to ronnie . stevie what be you do , ronnie ? ( continued ) 95 . continued : ronnie I be just take a break . what do you want , stevie ? I do not have time to fuck around with you today . stevie I get something . stevie reach into he pocket . he pull out a bunch of Polaroid of penise . ronnie what the fuck be this ? dude dude , I find this all over the mall . I be guess that whoever this mall flasher be , leave this for girl to find . ronnie this thing get grosser and grosser all the time . well , thanks for the clue . maybe I can use this to identify the freak . you can skate all you want around here . stevie what 's wrong with you , ronnie ? ronnie what do you mean ? stevie I do not know . you just seem kind of sad . ronnie Nah , man , I be fine . I mean , I be catchin ' pervert and protect this mall and just you know , really livin ' the dream . stevie that 's cool . look , man , you want to get high ? ronnie no , I do not want to get high . stevie that 's cool . ( continued ) 96 . continued : the conversation die down and the two just kind of sit there . ronnie and by the way , if I see you get high , I will call the police and have you criminal ass arrest . do not you fuckin ' ever mistake my kindness for weakness . I hate drug and I hate you too . stevie Fine , you fuck dick . Steve stand up to leave . ronnie sit there look sad . ext . mall - night ronnie sit in he golf cart stare at the mall as the last of the customer leave . that 's when ronnie see brandi come out of the door . brandi look around and dart across the parking lot . ronnie follow brandi 's path and try to catch up with she . ext . mall - night ronnie drive around , but he can not find brandi anywhere . ronnie see a lone black car at the outer edge of the parking lot . he pull he golf cart over and climb out . ronnie creep up to the car and peer in the window . Inside , ronnie see brandi and detective Harrison bang like a couple of wild animal . ronnie jump back in shock ! int . detective harrison be car - night brandi stop humping detective Harrison . brandi shhhh . detective harrison what be it ? brandi I think I hear something . ( continued ) 97 . continued : detective Harrison look out of the window . he do not see anything . he climb back on top of brandi . detective harrison it 's nothing . out of nowhere , a flashlight break the back window of the car . ext . mall - night ronnie run around detective Harrison 's car wield a flashlight like a mad man . ronnie harrison !!! ronnie beat the shit out of Harrison 's car . he smashes headlight , mirror and fender . inside the car Harrison and brandi duck down . brandi shit ! detective harrison that motherfucker be crazy . brandi well , you be the fuck cop . do something . detective harrison you be right . okay , here it go . Harrison reach over brandi and open she door . brandi what the fuck be you do ?! Harrison push brandi out of the car and shut himself back in . outside ronnie see brandi and stop pummel the car . ( continued ) 98 . continued : brandi ronnie , it 's I ! do not do anything crazy . ronnie get back inside , brandi . this be not about you ... you ... you slut ! brandi fuck off , ronnie . ronnie how can you just stand there after you ruin my life and act like nothing happen ?! brandi it 's easy ' cause I do not give a fuck about you ! ronnie snap . he charge at brandi with the flashlight over he head . he 's about to crack she when ... click . ronnie stop to see Harrison on the other side of he with he pistol draw and point at ronnie . detective harrison Drop the flashlight , ronnie . ronnie drop the flashlight from he hand . ronnie you be pretty tough with that gun . detective harrison ronnie , I know you have have a hard time -- ronnie you be suppose to be my friend ! detective harrison so you be gonna kill brandi ? ronnie I be just try to scare she . brandi you do not scare I , you piece of shit . ( continued ) 99 . continued : ronnie lift the flashlight up again like he 's go to hit brandi . brandi duck . detective Harrison cock the gun . detective harrison ronnie ! ronnie Fine , fuck you ! fuck all of you ! and , Harrison , you better be glad you have a gun or I would kick you ass too . and you know what ? I be take my friendship back because you do not deserve it ! and , brandi , I be take my love back too . I be gonna leave now and you two can just have fun . have fun sleep tonight because something tell I , you will not be able to . ronnie climb into the golf cart and drive off . detective harrison that guy be a nut job . brandi tell I about it . detective harrison so you sleep with he ? brandi I be drunk okay . you gonna make a big deal out of it . detective harrison no , I guess not . brandi Fine . int . ronnie' bedroom - night on the television : there 's a update on the CAROLINA mall flasher . it say he have expose himself to more girl . as the tv blare the headline , ronnie lay in he bed and watch . the image shine color on he , but ronnie be in he own world . 100 . int . mall - food court - day ronnie have the special Elite Task Force assemble . ronnie I be disband the task force . charle hey , ronnie , that 's crazy talk . be you cool ? ronnie no , I be not cool , Charles . in fact , shit be seriously fuck up . I have get to protect the whole mall by myself . now , I get you this fuck job , when be you go to stop be a little baby and do something for a change . ( mocking ) ' I do not want to do anything hard . I just want to be a little bitch and brag about drop out of college . ' grow a fuck pair , will you , chucky ? charle I be gonna go check the parking lot . Charles walk away . ronnie ( call out ) I be sorry , Charles ! I do not mean it , buddy ! ronnie put he head on the table . ronnie you know , Dennis , for the longest time I make this job my whole life . I look at this mall as a kingdom and I look at Mark as the King . I think of myself as the first knight and the customer , well , they be the peasant . I live by a old code where one be bound by duty and honor . but now I do not know if I believe in that code anymore . I have lose my way . now I just feel like it 's one big kingdom of shit . right now , I get half a mind just to let this whole place burn . burn it to the fuck ground ! ( continued ) 101 . continued : Dennis stare down at the desk . Dennis take off he hat and reveal that he have bleach white eminem hair underneath . next , he reach under he collar and flip out a thin gold necklace . he kick up he shoe and reveal the newest and freshest basketball kick . this be the real dennis and for the first time ever , he speak ... dennis ( high ghetto voice ) I have be wait on you to get on my page this whole time . you look at this mall as a Kingdom ?! shit ! I look at this place like a motherfuck jail sentence . you put on that uniform every morning , but what be you really protect ? commerce and corporation and money . well I say , fuck that ! I be a fuck outlaw and I be go to live that until the day I die . now , I can show you the way , but you have get to be willing to accept it . so I be gonna ask you now , ronnie . be you ready for a trip to the other side ? ronnie you be goddamn right I be ready . dennis alright then . let 's party . CUT to : ext . dumpster - day Dennis and ronnie hang in the back of the mall by the dumpster . Dennis suck down a fat joint . he pass it to ronnie . dennis so , yeah , usually I take a joint straight to the head before I start work in this motherfucker , but on really stressful day , I like to get drunk too . Dennis pull out a flask and gulp it down . ronnie be still stare at the joint . finally he take a puff and begin violently cough . he finally stop . ( continued ) 102 . continued : ronnie fuck it , give I the bottle . Dennis hand ronnie the bottle and he take a big swig . CUT to : int . mall - day ronnie and Dennis stand against a wall while they check out booty of various shape and size on all of the girl that walk by . dennis so then I usually come in here and perv out on girl for about a hour or two . I hook up twice last week . one be this asian chick and the other be this mom . she be not that hot , but what else do I get to do ? two high school girl walk by . dennis sweet Jesus in the morning . int . department store - dressing room - day ronnie and Dennis be hang in a dress room . dennis dress room be a great place to hide out , because nobody be really go to think of look for I here . you can nap or just kind of hang out and just really have some personal time . hey , hand I that camera . ronnie pick up a shitty camera and hand it to Dennis . dennis thanks , ronnie . Dennis stand up on the bench and look into the other change room . the two high school girl be change into other clothes . Dennis start take picture of they without they know . CUT to : 103 . ext . dumpster - day ronnie be smoking a joint and so be Dennis . dennis right before lunch I usually blaze up again real good . CUT to : ext . mall - day Dennis and ronnie walk by the skater . dennis hey , what 's up , motherfucker ?! stevie what up , Big de ?! dennis you know , smokin ' that good good . stevie dude , why be you hang out with ronnie ? ronnie fuck you , stevie ! dennis hey , ronnie 's alright . let I see that stick . stevie slide the skateboard over to Dennis . he jump on it and do a perfectly execute kick flip . the skater cheer ! int . department store - day brandi be at the counter with Bruce . she help a male customer . brandi that will be $ 39.99 . male my wife 's gonna love this perfume . brandi I hope so . it 's my favorite . ( continued ) 104 . continued : brandi look past the customer and see ronnie just stand there stare dagger at she . ronnie shake he head in disgust . the male customer turn around and see ronnie . it 's a weird little moment . Dennis grab ronnie by the arm . dennis come on , brother . let 's go . ronnie follow Dennis off . CUT to black . fade in : this begins the rocking montage of mall destruction int . record store - day ronnie stand in the store and look down at he walkie . MARK ( v.o. ) ( over the walkie ) ronnie , we need you down at the candy store . some little brat have be shoveling peanut in he mouth for the last hour . ronnie turn the walkie-talkie off . Dennis run behind the counter . Dennis drop the needle on a rockin ' song . Dennis jump on top of the counter and start jump up and down with the music . he 's fuck drunk . Dennis jump off the counter and tackle ronnie , knock over a stand of dvd 's . CUT to : int . mall - day ronnie and Dennis ride on a mini railroad train for kid . they both drink from the flask as they spin around the track . it 's full of nothing but kid and security . CUT to : 105 . int . mall - victoria's secret - day the hot sale clerk stand outside of the dress room wear a sexy teddy with a g-string and garter . Dennis and ronnie be kick back in the love seat and watch . Dennis make a motion for the sale clerk to spin around . she reluctantly do as she be instruct . CUT to : int . mall - toy store - day ronnie and Dennis play video game . a little kid try to take the controller from Dennis , but Dennis whip out the handcuffs . he lock the Little kid onto the display case so the kid can not move . CUT to : int . arcade - day ronnie and Dennis play skee - Ball , except ronnie toss the ball to Dennis who be stand on top of the machine . Dennis slam dunk the ball into the 100 point hole . the ticket pour out . CUT to : ext . mall - day ronnie and Dennis be drive in the golf cart and they be both wear that giant sunglass that they win with arcade ticket . behind they , stevie and the other skater hold onto the golf cart and get pull on they skateboard . they race towards a load ramp . Dennis floor it and they go up the ramp and jump the golf cart into the air . the golf cart and skater soar into the air . it hold forever , until suddenly , the golf cart land with a thud . CUT to black . fade in : int . mall - night the mall be basically empty as Dennis and ronnie make the final round . they get to the door and lock up for the night . ( continued ) 106 . continued : ronnie Dennis , I get to thank you for today . man , I be so down , but you teach I that I do not need to take thing so seriously here . we have a pointless existence . who give a fuck ? dennis do not mention it , homey . I be just glad I get I a partner in crime . ronnie a partner . I like that . you know , I have never really have a friend before , but I think that this could be the beginning of a real good thing . Dennis unlock the door to the gap . dennis you be not even see the best part . after everybody leave , I rob the shit out of this place . ronnie what do you mean ? dennis I steal shit ! ronnie you be the one who 's be robbing the mall ? dennis Hell yeah ! who would you think it be ?! Dennis go inside the gap and just start grab shit . ronnie I can not believe this . right in front of my goddamn face this whole time ! Dennis hold up a sweat shirt . dennis this probably will look good with my complexion . ronnie Dennis , I can not take part in this . ( continued ) 107 . continued : dennis ronnie , I think you be down ?! what the fuck ?! here I be open up myself to you and you be just gonna stick it to I like this . what the fuck have this place ever do for you ? do not you know that people see we as joke ?! a useless tool that 's leave in the shed . well that 's not I . not now , not ever . I tell you , I be a outlaw . ronnie I can not let you rob the mall . dennis what the fuck you mean you can not let I ? ronnie come on , Dennis . we be best friend , so just put that stuff back and let 's go get a beer . dennis alright , ronnie , you be right . Dennis set the shirt down . dennis I do not really know what I be think . robbing the mall ? let 's just go get that beer . ronnie good , man . that make I feel better . ronnie turn to walk , but Dennis grab the hand of one of the mannequin and rip it off . he take the hand and crack ronnie over the head with it . ronnie go down on he knee . dennis see ya in Mexico , bitch . Dennis cock back and whacks ronnie again . ronnie 's light go out . 108 . ext . CITY STREET - night Dennis pull out of the mall drive a harley davidson . he flip a joint into the air and peel out . he cruise down the street . he pass a cop car and flip it off . CUT to black . fade in : int . CAROLINA mall - morning the janitor walk up the floor with a mop . ronnie be batter and bloody from he fight with Dennis , but he be wide awake and handcuff to the gap . ronnie Ramon , get you ass over here ! go get my spare key out of the office . the janitor look at ronnie , smile , and calmly mop in the other direction . ronnie Ramon ! goddamn it get back here ! go get my goddamn key . int . mall - manager' office - day Mark sit across the desk from ronnie and Charles . MARK how fuck stupid do you have to be ?! I mean Dennis . what the fuck , ronnie ? how could you not have know it be Dennis ? then , how the fuck could you be so stupid as to let he get away . observe and report . that be the only two thing you have to do and you can not do that worth a shit . ronnie can I speak now ? MARK go ahead . ronnie be you sure ? MARK just start talk , ronnie ! ( continued ) 109 . continued : ronnie it seem only natural that ' some people ' would want to blame I and truth be tell I do put a lot of that blame on myself . but some people might say that the cop be to blame for not catch they . some people might say that the reason this happen be the undeniable fact that I be under - equip and quite frankly , lack a sufficient firearm . but not I . I carry this loss alone deep inside my heart . MARK good . because you be fire . ronnie ( playful ) fuck you . MARK I be serious , ronnie . I have always like you , but there 's just no excuse for this . somebody be go down and I will be damned if it 's go to be I . now , do not make a big thing out of this . just pack you shit and get out by the end of the day . ronnie wait a minute . I think I could trust you , Mark , and now you be tell I that you be go to be the one to put the knife in my back . Fair weather friend you be . MARK I be not you friend , I be you boss . ronnie you think you be so smart , Mark . you do not know everything . if you be fire I , then you can say goodbye to you entire Security staff . because there be no fuck way my team be go to work here if you fire I . be not that right , Charles ? ( continued ) 110 . continued : charle ronnie , I get to talk to you about this . Mark ask I down here to escort you out . ronnie and you tell he to fuck off , right ? Charles ? right ? charle what the fuck do you want from I , ronnie ? ronnie this be not happen ! everybody be fuck I over ?! I hate you all . Charles stand up . charle I be sorry , ronnie , but it 's time to go . ronnie wait a minute . I will work for free , Mark . MARK no , ronnie . ronnie I will pay you . MARK nope . ronnie I love you . MARK ronnie , Jesus have a little self - respect . ronnie you do not love I , Mark ? MARK ronnie , it 's over . ronnie take a deep breath . he stand up to leave . ronnie start to walk out , but stop . ( continued ) 111 . continued : ronnie hey , Charles . Mark ask you down here in case I get out of hand ? well , get ready to earn you money . ronnie crack . he grab a calendar and throw it on the ground in a violent baby - like outburst . MARK stop he ! Charles try to grab ronnie , but ronnie push he off . ronnie knock the frame picture off of the wall . he then open the door and slam it into the wall over and over again . that do nothing . ronnie try to rip the cushion on the chair . he look ridiculous . charle alright , ronnie , that 's enough . ronnie stop and begin to cry . then he run out of the office in tear . int . ronnie' bedroom - day / night ronnie lie in he bed and we ... time lapse : the sun rise and set three time through the window of he bedroom , signify that three day have pass . the whole time , ronnie do not move from he bed . until ... ronnie get on he " nice " clothes , but they be a far cry from he Security Guard uniform . ronnie 's Mom come up to he . mom what 's on the agenda for today ? ronnie I guess maybe look for a job or something . mom well , I know you be sad about it , but try to look on the bright side . ( continued ) 112 . continued : ronnie there be no bright side . my life be over . mom ronnie , you may not be smart or handsome , but you have get dream inside of you and dream make you special . no matter what this world try to throw at you , they can never take that dream away . ronnie what the fuck be you talk about , Mom ? mom I do not know . I be drunk . I just know that mother be suppose to talk like that to they child when they be sad , so I try . what do you want from I ? ronnie nothing . that 's exactly what you be suppose to do . I just blow my life . I try to be a big shot , a hero and a stupid cop . I want to be recognize for be great . I should have just be happy where I be at . I do not do my duty . mom ronnie , the other night when I soile my pants right before I puke myself , I be think about how you would come home and find I and clean I up . I know you would be there to find I and take care of I , so I be able to pass out on the floor and not worry . if there 's one thing you know about , it 's duty . ronnie I do it because I love you . mom I know and I love you too , ronnie . I have not always be easy to deal with and most people would have throw I away a long time ago . ( more ) ( continued ) 113. continued : mom ( cont 'd ) just like you father do . but not you , ronnie . look , whiskey be always the way I deal with be a single mother , but as I get older , I know that I can not keep do this . I have get everything I need with you . so I want you to know that I be ready to make a change . you life need to get easier and you do not need to take care of old Mom anymore . ronnie be you go to quit drink ? mom I be switch to beer . I can pound that all day and still keep my shit together . I be do it for you . ronnie I be so proud of you , Mom . mom I be proud of you . now today be a new day and we be go to get through it . now , get out there and find what the world have in store for you . ronnie 's Mom leave and ronnie look at himself in the mirror . then something catch he eye . ronnie see a newspaper lay on the ground . he pick it up and read . ext . jail - day ronnie walk up the step that lead to the local jail . int . jail - day ronnie walk into one of that booth where you can talk to a prisoner on the opposite side of a plexiglas divider . ronnie sit down in wait . then , two guard appear escort a handcuff Dennis . Dennis take a seat and pick up the phone . dennis what 's up , ronnie ? how you do ? ( continued ) 114 . continued : ronnie I have be better . you ? dennis I be hold it down in here . ronnie yeah , I hear they finally catch up with you . dennis I know . I should have hit Mexico , but , you know , I get stone and just kind of kick with this girl in kannapolis for a while . ronnie you know they fire I when they find out you be the one who rob the mall . dennis shit , dog . sorry about that . ronnie it 's cool , but I need to know why you do it . dennis I tell you . I be a outlaw . ronnie come on , Dennis . dennis man , you want to know the real reason ? ronnie yeah . dennis alright , I will tell you . man , that gig be one of the best job I ever have . I get to wear a uniform , I could smoke weed whenever I want . for once in my life , I feel like I be actually somebody . I know most people do not think it 's shit , but I really love it . then , all of a sudden , I find out that you ass get promote over I . ( more ) ( continued ) 115 . continued : dennis ( cont 'd ) after all I put into it , you be the one that make it to head of mall Security . you know what it 's like to get pass over , ronnie ? so I get piss off . I start robbing the joint as a way to get at they for what they do to I . but you know what , ronnie ? ronnie what 's that ? dennis you ever love a girl so much that you can not break up with she , so the only thing you can do when she piss you off be smack she in the goddamn face ? ronnie no , Dennis , I have not . dennis well , I have . and that 's pretty much how I feel about the job . ronnie thanks for talk to I , Dennis . dennis well , it 's the least I could do after knock you out and all . ronnie start to hang up the phone . dennis hey , ronnie . ronnie yeah , Dennis . dennis bail I out of here , old friend . ronnie I can not do it , Dennis . you be now a criminal who stop caring , but my crime be that I care too much . ronnie hang up the phone and walk out . 116 . int . mall - day ronnie come into the mall and make he way down the center of it , feel naked without he uniform . Charles , now wear a mall security uniform , come out and stop ronnie . charle ronnie , what be you do back here ? ronnie I just come to talk to nell . do not get you panty in a wad , I be just here as any normal patron . charle ronnie , dude , I have be all fuck up in the head . I feel like shit about what happen . I mean , here I be , just look to shuck responsibility and I end up hurt you in the process . look , I should have be honest with you . I do not give two shit about this stupid job . but you do . ronnie it 's okay , Charles . charle I have decide I be go back to college . get stone and study beat this any day . I realize that now . I realize that there be not any job where you can avoid hard choice . anyway , take as long as you want at the mall . I will keep Mark off you back . ronnie thanks , Charles . int . mall - food court - day ronnie see nell sit down and eat a cinnabon . ronnie take a seat at she table . nell ronnie , what be you do here ? ( continued ) 117 . continued : ronnie I get something I want to say . nell I do not think we should be talk . ronnie I will be quick . nell , this be the only job I be ever any good at . I be not a crime solver or right hand of the law . I be just a dumb guy in a uniform who can not even become a real policeman . somewhere along the way I start to think I be something special , someone whose shit do not stink , someone who deserve to date out of my league . you know , I have learn . my shit do stink . it smell horrible . and you be also out of my league , but for some reason , you like the smell of my shit . I guess what I be say be ... ronnie reach into he pocket and pull out he mother 's disgusting yellow engagement ring , but for some reason , it look beautiful . ronnie if you give I another chance , I will spend the rest of my life make it up to you . and you can call I sweetie in front of people and I will like it . nell think about it . she lean over the table and kiss ronnie . ronnie be stunne . with one kiss , nell seem to make everything okay . they stare at each other and the moment seem to hold for a eternity . Love be in the air until ... the pervert step in front of they and expose he ding - a-ling ! nell scream ! the pervert run . ronnie get piss ! ronnie Son of a bitch !!! ( continued ) 118. continued : nell oh , my God ! ronnie be you alright ? nell I be fine . ronnie shit , we should call somebody . nell ronnie . ronnie yeah ? nell go get he . ronnie realize that this be he duty and he alone . ronnie rise from the table slowly . he look at nell and nod acceptance . then , ronnie run after the pervert . int . mall - day the pervert be in a full blow run through the mall . his trench coat be wide open and he wienie be flap for the world to see . in a way , it 's he great accomplishment . people scream ! mother grab they daughter ! no one be safe ! CUT to : another angle ronnie come rip out of the food court . he 's get a fierce look of determination in he eye . he run hard to catch up with the perv . CUT to : another angle there 's a crowd surround the cell phone kiosk . the pervert burst through the crowd and knock people out of the way . saddamn what the fuck , man ?! ( continued ) 119 . continued : ronnie come run up behind he . ronnie get out of the way ! get out of the way ! the crowd totally clear a path for ronnie , but ronnie stop run and sucker punch saddamn . saddamn go down hard and ronnie rejoin the chase . ronnie stay the fuck away from my wife ! CUT to : the pervert run past the skater , who be hang out on a bench . stevie dude , that 's fuck disgusting ! ronnie come run way far behind . stevie hey , ronnie , here ! stevie slide he skateboard out for ronnie to jump on . ronnie jump like he be go to land on the skateboard and sail to the finish line . however , when ronnie 's foot touch the board , it go shoot out from under he . ronnie slam onto the ground . all of the skater start laugh . stevie what a fuck douche ! ronnie pick himself up and start to run again . he only make it a little way before he hit something slippery . ronnie fall onto the ground and crack he head . ronnie lay on the ground and see Ramon laugh against a wall with a mop in he hand . ronnie okay , Ramon , we be fuck even ! ronnie pick himself up and start run again . CUT to : 120 . the pervert run past victoria's secret . he stop at the doorway and as if he can not resist , flash the lady in the store . he take off run again . CUT to : ronnie as he run by the record store , which of course be blasting music . ronnie stop at the doorway . ronnie turn it down . turn it down . the record store guy turn the music down . ronnie go back to he chase . CUT to : the pervert run past Mark . he look around at all the people stare . MARK okay , show 's over . enjoy you shopping experience at Carolina mall . ronnie run past Mark . MARK jesus. ( call out ) Charles ! Charles come run up . charle what be it ? MARK call the police . and go get ronnie . charle he 's try to help . MARK just do what I ask you . Charles run after they . ronnie see Charles come and run faster . Charles be move in on he . ( continued ) 121. continued : charle hey , ronnie ! ronnie turn around to see Charles as he fling he a giant flashlight . ronnie catch it . ronnie fuck yeah ! ronnie start run again , but this time , he 's a little more together . CUT to : the pervert have make he way through the whole mall at this point , but ronnie be right on he ass . the pervert be head toward the department store . int . department store - day the pervert come barrel in and the lady at the perfume and make - up counter scream . he look like he 's charge straight at brandi . he 's get closer . boom ! ronnie come in from the side and nail the pervert with the flashlight . ronnie jump on top of the perv and beat the ever-live shit out of he . this be a vision of a man leave all out on the field . ronnie stop pound and look up . he see brandi stare at he . ronnie be overcome by anger and beat on the pervert harder than ever before . finally , Charles come in and pull ronnie off of he . a huge crowd have gather around . ronnie have blood all over he . ronnie pick the pervert up and hold he tightly by the arm . Mark come run up . charle you want to report this to the police . ronnie Hell no . I be take he down myself . ronnie start to walk away with the pervert . ( continued ) 122. continued : MARK hey , ronnie . ronnie stop and turn around . Mark toss ronnie a set of key . MARK good job , ronnie . ronnie thank you , sir . ronnie lead the pervert outside . on the way , he pass brandi . brandi good job , ronnie . ronnie I do not love you ! brandi I do not love you either . ronnie Fine . the customer and employee of the mall clap for ronnie . this be he finest moment . CUT to : int . golf cart - day ronnie be stick in traffic . he look ridiculous in the orange golf cart on a city street with a pervert chain up beside he , but ronnie could care less . ext . police station - day the golf cart pull up to the police station and ronnie get out with the perv. ronnie walk up the front step and all of the officer part and let he through . detective Harrison be at the top of the stair . ronnie walk right up to he . ronnie I catch the pervert . ( continued ) 123. continued : detective harrison I see that . well , you better turn he over to I and I will take he inside and book he . ronnie since you be a real cop , right ? detective harrison hey , ronnie , you may not be a officer of the law , but you be the law 's right hand . good job . ronnie let go of the pervert . he nod to Harrison , then turn he back and walk back down the step . ronnie get into he golf cart and drive away . CUT to black . fade in : ext . CAROLINA mall - morning ronnie stand in front of the mall with nell beside he . ronnie look nervous , but nell look down at she yellow ring with pride . she look at ronnie , see a loose eyelash and brushes it off of he . ronnie what be you do ?! nell you have a eyelash ? ronnie I be try to remember my speech . nell sorry . nell look straight ahead , but smile as ronnie try to take himself serious . female reporter okay , ronnie , we be ready for you . ronnie take a deep breath and walk over to where the local news have set up a camera and microphone . female reporter okay , we roll ? cameraman Rolling . ( continued ) 124 . continued : female reporter good evening . we be here today with ronnie barnhardt , head of mall Security here at Carolina mall . last week , ronnie be able to catch the CAROLINA mall flasher single - hand and bring he to justice . ronnie , how do you manage to find the identity of the pervert and take he down ? ronnie well , be a mall security guard basically require the same skill set that someone in say the FBI have . you have to use logic and evidence and old - fashioned common sense as well as the latest technology to deduce the criminal mind . it 's what I do . all of a sudden , stevie and the skater come up behind ronnie . they look into the camera lens and start smile . ronnie turn around and see they , but try to focus on the reporter . female reporter any last word for the folk at home . ronnie yeah , I would just like to say that Carolina mall be back on track and safer than ever ... the skater start flipping off the camera . ronnie keep get distract . ronnie in fact , there be some wonderful sale take place right now . stevie walk up behind ronnie and pretend to hump he . ronnie so for all you family out there , come on down and see we . it 's a wonderful place . ronnie turn around angrily . ronnie that's it , you little shit ! ( continued ) 125 . continued : the skater jump on they skateboard and skate off . ronnie run after they . he jump into he golf cart and give chase . the news camera be still roll . the female reporter look into the lens . female reporter you hear it , folk . everything be back to normal here at Carolina mall . back to you , Lindsay . CUT to black . the end