1a 1b 1c 1d 1e 1f 1g a multi - colored screen 1 after a few introductory credit , we pull back to reveal the source of this kaleidoscopic backdrop : a single , stripe tulip , plant in a long row of other tulip . a hand reach in and pull the tulip from the ground . we then cut to : a basket of tulip , carry by hand to a truck , where it 1a be load with hundred of other basket . the door of the truck be shut and we cut to : the door of the truck open to reveal that the tulip 1b be now box and crate . a forklift move the crate onto a wagon , which be drive by a manned cart across the biggest warehouse on the planet , the bloenen markt ( check this -- steven ) in Amsterdam , Netherlands . the cart and wagon we be follow disappear into a maze of synchronize activity . the cart arrive in the auction room , which be 1c construct like a ampitheater : the buyer sit in a steeply rake semi-circle , face two giant , clock - shape scoreboard that display the bid on the flower be view . the stripe tulip fetch a very high price . the cart of stripe tulip be deliver to a automated 1d sorting apparatus of enormous size and complexity . they end up on a truck head for the airport . the tulip be load onto a plane . during the transatlantic flight , they sit nestle in the cargo hold . the tulip be unload from the plane , drive across a 1f airport tarmac and load onto another plane . the tulip be unload from the plane and load onto a 1g truck . the truck drive through a small town and pull into the back of a ext ./ int . flower shop -- day 2 a young man take delivery of the flower and carry they through the rear of the store to the display area up front . we stay on the tulip as we hear the follow conversation : customer wow . how do they do that ? ( continued ) 2 '' clown can not sleep '' 2 . continued : owner it 's a accident . it mean the flower develop a virus early in the bulb stage . the flaw create the unusual coloring . customer can you arrange something for I with that ? owner of course . what kind of price range be you look for ? now we see the customer : tess . tess well , it 's for my parent 's anniversary . they do not know I be come . I just want it to be beautiful . can you just do whatever you think look best ? owner I ’'1l need a few minute . tess take you time , please . and thank you . the owner move toward a corner of the store where the flower be arrange . tess walk around , look at the rest of the store . tess look out the window . a black sedan be pull up at the curb . owner that should be some surprise . tess which ? owner for you parent . tess oh. yes . I hope so . one of the power twins get out of the driver 's side door and cross in front of the car . tess start move away from the window . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' continued : ( 2 ) owner which one be it ? tess I be sorry ? owner anniversary . tess oh. fortieth owner wow . okay . I think I have a idea . something classic . the power twin open the rear passenger side door , terry benedict . tess turn away from the window . tess do you have a bathroom ? owner straight back , on the leave . it 's unisex . tess thank you . tess scurries to the back . owner ( to tess , a caveat ) it 's unisex ! revealing tess fly past the bathroom and head for the back door . she push through it and run right into power twin no . 2 . ext . house -- day CUT to : 3 a nice place on the eastern seaboard . we hear the faint sound of a phone ring . '' clown can not sleep '' 4 . int . house -- day 4 Danny Ocean pick up the receiver , check the caller id . he smile and answer : danny miguel diaz speak . almost immediately , he expression cloud . he look at he watch . danny ( cont have ) tess , tess . it 's okay . you remember what we talk about , if this happen ? all right . call I in twenty - four hour on that number . he hang up the phone and run out of the house . he do not take anything with he . ext . house -- day 5 Danny run out of the house and down the street , leave he car in the driveway . int . car -- day 6 tess , floral arrangement in she lap , sit in the car with benedict . benedict the baldwin . tess what about they ? benedict we have dinner with they three year ago . you talk about you parent 's anniversary . she say nothing . benedict ( cont have ) I be get marry next month . tess so be i. ( continued ) 10 '' clown can not sleep '' 5 . continued : a beat . benedict well , I hope Danny be as good as he think he be . a bouquet toss in prison can get pretty ugly . int . bank vault -- day 7 Danny take a safe deposit box out of a wall , he open the box , revealing a cell phone and some cash . ext . train station ( not a big one ) -- day 8 Danny board a train . int . amtrak train -- day 9 the landscape hurtle by . we pan over to find Danny sit next to the window . we continue to pan and find reuben tishkoff seat next to a group of male commuter . reuben ( over ) I really think you be be too sensitive . she 's crazy about you . I can tell . int . spa -- day 10 reuben lie in a mud bath , he face cover with a dry exfoliate '' mask '' treatment . there be a cigar in one hand and a cellphone in the other . his eye be close to the sun . reuben Joyce , she 's ninety - two . I be all she have leave . ( beat ) the wheelchair thing be a accident , she 's have some trouble with the joystick . i’1l adjust it . ( beat ) I tell you , when she mouth hang open like that , that mean she 's happy . ( beat ) I be . when be you come over ? ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 10 11 12 13 '' clown can not sleep '' 6 . continued : 10 reuben ( cont would ) you be tired because you work too much . you do not have to work all the time . do not you want to take a break ? that trays look so heavy . ( beat ) of course . how could you ask that ? ( beat ) because when I hear you laugh , all my problem disappear . a shadow cross over reuben 's face , and reuben squint open one eye . there , with the sun like a aura behind he head , be terry benedict . int . amtrak train -- day 11 reuben be hand a bloody mary by the porter , who then continue on , bring a glass of white wine to the amazing yen . int . pool -- day 12 yen swim a strong , steady freestyle . pull back to reveal that he be swim in a 9 's by 5 's '' Endless Pool '' in he 15th floor shanghai apartment . a hand move into frame and turn off the water current . yen immediately slam into the end of he jacuzzi-sized pool . he lift he head out of the water to see the power twins stand '' poolside . '' he spit out a stream of invective , in chinese . the power twin look at each other . int . amtrak train -- day 13 yen set he magazine down and head for the bathroom , where turk and virgil malloy be wait in line . turk the open do not work . virgil duh. turk she should not have the same dream as Franklin . he 's the antagonist . ( continued ) 13 14 '' clown can not sleep '' continued : virgil it be you idea . turk no it be not . virgil well , it be not mine . it could not be ; it 's too stupid . turk why do you do that ? why do you have to get personal ? virgil it 's not personal , it 's a fact . int . yoga studio -- day virgil and turk malloy , in gtx lycra yoga gear lead a class 13 14 ( mostly female ) through the vinyassa . the studio be mirrore on three side . turk it 's personal . you do not argue logically . you attack . ( to the class ) bring the right foot back even with the leave , buttock raise high .... ( to Virgil ) ... you have to have reason , to support you argument ... ( to the class ) ... flatten the back so the body form a triangle . virgil I can not listen to you anymore . it make I physically sick . Turk look to he , but also see a guy in the class stare at all of the woman " raise they buttock high '' . he indicate this to Virgil , who go over to the guy . turk relax the crown of the head toward the floor . draw the hip away from the hand , len--gthen the spine . and press the heel toward the floor . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 8 . 14 continued : 14 Virgil step on the guy 's back and lean down to whisper in he ear . virgil this a serious class . no pig allow . okay ? guy sorry . turk virge . Virgil stand up . benedict and the power twin be stand right behind he . his expression change as he see they in the mirror . 15 int . amtrak train -- day 15 the malloy and yen be still wait for the bathroom . turk you be hallucinate . virgil yeah , whatever , oj . finally , the lock open and rusty ryan exit . we follow he to he seat , where he put on a pair of headphone . 16 tight shot 16 of molten metal bubbling in a small iron cask , a jeweler 's cask . move to reveal a garage fill mostly with car in some state of restoration find rusty as he painstakingly work on a new piece that be just below frame . whatever it be , it be clearly get to he . he shake he head ; it 's not right . it 's just not good enough . rusty glance at the digital thermometer attach to the cask of molten metal . it read : 736.18 degree . rusty you be kid I . 17 '' clown can not sleep '' 9 . int . rusty 's car -- day 17 rusty glance in he rearview as he drive through the city talk on he cell phone . he 's keep a eye on a white cadillac that seem to be follow he . rusty 736.18 degree Fahrenheit , Felix . I watch it . felix ( telephone v.o. ) rusty . what do you want from I ? rusty turn a corner , then glance in he rearview again . rusty I want what I pay for . felix and that 's what I send . rusty no , Felix , no . I pay for pure . and if my workshop be on top of mount everest it would be pure . but I be at sea level , Felix , and at sea level it should liquefy at 736.95 . if it 's pure , that be . which this be not . rusty make another turn . a few second later , the cadillac turn behind he . felix ( telephone v.o. ) well , I do not know you be go to liquefy it . rusty pull to a stop light . the cadillac pull up three car behind he . rusty let I ask you something : when christo call he cotton supplier and ask for 100 % cotton cloth , do you think he supplier send he 98 % cotton and 2 % polyester and when that do not work , say to christo , '' well , you should have tell I you be go to wrap the coast of Australia '' ? ( continued ) 17 18 19 '' clown can not sleep '' 10 . continued : 17 felix who 's christo ? rusty look to the heaven . rusty Felix , you be in a shame spiral . have you assistant lose my number . rusty snap he phone shut . rusty ( cont would ) my god . rusty look into the rear view mirror and then slow the car to a stop . he get out of he car and slam the door shut . he walk back to the cadillac and knock on the window . it roll down electronically to reveal benedict . rusty ( contd ) how long you gonna give we ? int . amtrak train -- day 18 rusty continue to listen to he headset . we pan over to see frank catton seat opposite he . int . ritz carlton HOTEL , new york -- day 19 the penthouse apartment . it take the entire floor and have a 360 degree view . right now , all of the furniture inside of it be be take away by mover . Frank enter frame . benedict four week . frank we steal that money fair and square . you buy people off to find I . you take advantage during a economic downturn , and make they say some shit they should not have say . it 's not fair , it 's not just , and it aint 's cool . a long beat . benedict stare back at he . frank ( cont would ) do you hear what I just say ? ( continued ) 19 20 . 21 '' clown can not sleep '' 11 . continued : 19 benedict I hear what you say , Frank . do you hear what I say ? Frank look at benedict and the power twin . int . amtrak train -- day 20 Frank take we to Livingston . int . stage -- night 21 Livingston perform a stand - up routine . livingston how many people here tonight be stupid enough to have child ? a few people raise they hand . livingston ( cont no ) wow . no , seriously , that 's great . I have a child . a daughter . she 's five . they get to you , right ? be I right ? like emotionally . I mean , sometimes she 'il turn to I with she little face and she little shiny eye , and she will say , " daddy , please stop hit I , '' and it just break my heart . 's people be not sure what to make of this . livingston ( cont have ) I be Livingston dell . thanks for listen . see you at ten . Livingston stride off stage as we see that he be at the bellagio , in the lounge . benedict and the power twin be wait for he . somehow he be not surprised . livingston ( cont have ) ( to benedict ) I appreciate you let I finish my run . you have be very patient . benedict what can I say ? you be a funny guy . 22 23 '' clown can not sleep '' 12. int . amtrak train -- day 22 Livingston take we to saul Bloom , read the Racing form . int . the waspiest imaginable men 's club -- day 23 all dark wood and oriental rug . move across a row of oil painting that flatter stodgy club member from the 1800s to the present . land on saul , sit in window light that mimic the aforementioned portrait . saul what it be about horse ? I ask you . be it the strength ? the beauty ? the fearlessness ? the grace ? of course . but there 's something else . something in the eye . the person with he nod . saul ( cont would ) yes . when I look into a horse 's eye , I can tell : this one 's a winner . a jackete waiter appear , hold a tray . waiter Excuse I , Mr. Bloom ? saul yes ? waiter there appear to be a problem with you card . the waiter tip the tray to reveal saul 's credit card , which have be CUT into tiny piece . without miss a beat , he reach for he wallet . saul you take Visa ? waiter I be act on instruction from you business manager . saul my business manager ? ( continued ) 23 24 25 26 27 28 '' clown can not sleep '' 13 . continued : 23 waiter Mr. benedict . int . amtrak train -- day 24 saul lead we to basher . int . recording studio -- night 25 basher be put the finish touch on a song . a producer and engineer sit behind a huge mixing console . it 's good -- basher 's really get something go here . int . recording booth -- moment later 26 basher be lean over a thick legal document , and benedict be lean over he . the music have be turn off . benedict look at it this way ... Eugene .... if the album go platinum it 'il cover what you owe . and if the second one go gold , that should cover the interest . int . amtrak train -- day 27 basher take we to linus . int . car -- day 28 linus look from the front seat to the back , talk to benedict . linus I be responsible for myself . I have my own life and my own plan . I have never ask for anything but a fair shake . we make a deal , I stick to the deal . he turn forward , think . then after a beat , he turn back to benedict . ( continued ) 28 29 30 31 '' clown can not sleep '' 14 . continued : 28 linus ( cont would ) I just need to be absolutely clear that we have a understanding : if you contact my father , I 'il kill myself , and you 'il never get the rest of you money . benedict nod . linus turn forward and exhales , relieved . int . amtrak train -- day 29 linus take we back to Danny . the train hurtle onward . CUT to : absolute bedlam 30 reuben , yen , the malloy , Frank , Livingston , saul , basher , and linus be all talk at once -- right at we . right at Danny . and they be not happy . the group be in a abandon warehouse somewhere near NYC . Danny be overwhelm , like a deer catch in the headlight . he throw a desperate glance at rusty , who 's look out the window serenely , let Danny flounder . moment later 31 total silence . everyone just stare at Danny , wait for a answer . danny how many can not make the deadline ? everyone raise they hand except reuben . reuben ( off they look ) so I be smarter than that schmuck on Wall Street . whose fault be that ? Fair enough . danny how many think if they run , they 's 1l be find ? ( continued ) 31 '' clown can not sleep '' 15 . continued : 31 everyone raise they hand . include reuben . Danny get up , walk over to rusty . the rest of the guy shrug and begin talk amongst themselves . after a long beat . danny ( cont have ) well , the only other -- rusty we be on the five o'clock . danny good . a beat . danny ( cont have ) where ? rusty Amsterdam . Danny step back . danny amsterdam ! ? Danny 's tone draw everyone 's attention . notice this , Danny and rusty move into a nearby dilapidate office doorway . the guy go back to talk , mostly about what they be do when they be find . this rise steadily in volume until the din be obliterate by a loud voice : danny ( cont would ) I ’m telling you this be a death sentence ! rusty fine , then stay here ! the guy exchange glance . Danny walk over to they and sigh . CUT to : '' clown can not sleep '' 16 . 32 int . airport terminal -- ticketing area 32 Livingston hand he passport to a klm agent . livingston Flight 144 to Amsterdam . jump CUT to the agent hand Livingston he board pass . klm agent you be in seat 43j . enjoy you flight . livingston uh ... there must be some mistake . I mean ...unless ... be you first class section in the back of the plane ? the agent look back at he , confuse . klm agent no . jump CUT to the agent hand linus he board pass : klm agent ( cont would ) 32e . CUT to the agent hand Virgil and Turk they ticket . klm agent ( contd ) 41c and D. jump CUT to the agent hand saul he board pass : klm agent ( cont would ) 55k . saul fifty-five k ? there 's a fifty - five k ? klm agent we have increase capacity by employ advanced design technology . saul you make the seat smaller . can you just say that ? you make the seat smaller . ( continued ) 32 33 '' clown can not sleep '' 17 . continued : 32 jump CUT to show Frank : frank see , you be not hearing I . what I be try to tell you be the reservation agent make a mistake when she issue the ticket , because on the rare occasion that I fly commercially , I always book a first - class ticket with no restriction -- the desk agent look back at he skeptically . klm agent she may have , air , but this be the only ticket available to you on this flight . I need you to step aside so I can take care of the next customer . frank now , listen : do not make I get black . int . security area 33 Frank stand with he arm outstretch , shoe and belt off . two tsa officer run metal detect wand over every inch of he body . Three more guy pick through he luggage : they squeeze toothpaste from he sensodyne tube , sniff he hair product , unroll he " '' tighty - whitey '' brief .... pan to reveal that basher be get the exact same treatment , right next to he . they exchange look . reverse angle : the rest of the group stand sip iced latte from Starbucks and watch the show . reuben walk up . danny reuben . reuben I want to wish you luck . and listen : I want to do something for you . reuben hand Danny a envelope . danny what 's this ? ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 18 . 33 continued : 33 reuben take it . take it . this be the least I can do . I have get a friend who own the bellagio of Amsterdam and I have make reservation for all of you there . it 's all take care of . rusty that 's very touch , reuben . reuben it 's the least I could do . I love you guy . enjoy . yen say something in chinese . reuben ( cont would ) no , thank you . 34 int . 747 -- night 34 yen sit in first class , play a in - seat video . Virgil and Turk kneel on either side , watch he progress . virgil Nice . turk great anticipation . flight attendant gentlemen , you will have to go back to you seat now . reluctantly , they do . we follow they back to coach , where they pass linus , talk to himself . linus Ground level . first floor . Day one . Planning stage . ( beat ) Planning stage . we move on to find Livingston , who grab Turk by the arm . livingston how would he get that seat ? turk what seat ? ( continued ) 34 '' clown can not sleep '' 19 . continued : 34 Turk move on , take we past a sleep saul and landing on Danny and rusty , who watch a movie with fix expression . a reverse angle show we that the video screen be twenty row away -- it be impossible to discern any detail at all . rusty take he headphone off and exhales . Danny notice this and do the same . after a beat : rusty call I a elitist asshole , call I a bourgeois clown , call I anything you want , but ' economy 's be bullshit . danny oh , I do not know ... it 's not that ba - the guy in front of Danny move he seat back suddenly and spill Danny 's drink all over Danny 's lap . linus approach Danny and rusty . linus hey . you guy have a minute ? danny sure , linus . rusty what 's on you mind ? linus well , I know this may not be the exact right time to bring this up , but I have be think about ... well , about where I want to be in five year , career - wise , and I have decide I really want to be more than just a role-player . I really see myself as kind of a idea man , like you guy . I mean , I know you do you part and you be in the trenches with we and all , but it 's really you show , and like I say , five year from now , I want to be run my own show .... Danny and rusty exchange a look ... then look back at linus . uh-huh . danny rusty right . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 20 . 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 linus so if there 's any opportunity for I to be involved in the , you know , plan stage of thing , I would really appreciate it . I really feel like I be ready for more responsibility and that I could really make a contribution . rusty turn to Danny . rusty be you think what I be think ? danny Evelyn . rusty ( to linus ) we be negotiate the term with she tomorrow . you feel up to take the lead ? linus be you serious ? danny absolutely . linus this be not some gag ? rusty no gag . linus wow. yeah . that would be awesome . danny okay , then . linus man . I be not sure if I should say anything . now I be glad I do . danny so be we . rusty we be here to listen . ( continued ) 34 35 36 '' clown can not sleep '' 21 . continued : ( 3 ) 34 linus great . thanks . really . you will not regret this . linus leave . Danny and rusty put they headphone back on . now they look content . basher and Frank watch linus go . basher Tom . saul he can be a Tom ? basher anybody can be a Tom . saul you gotta make you own opportunity . this be not a rehearsal . basher Tom . saul chew he economy class trail mix . saul Boy , you be tough . basher stop call I '' boy '' . saul stop chew . they look at each other . CUT to : ext . amsterdam -- day 35 establish shot of the city . ext . red light district -- day 36 the group make they way down a damp cobblestone street . they stop in front of a window and look up . reverse angle ( continued ) 36 37 38 '' clown can not sleep '' 22 . continued : 36 they have stop in front of a narrow townhouse that have be convert to a hotel . the sign say " bellagio of Amsterdam . '' int . bellagio of amsterdam -- day 37 a single room with 12 bunk in it . they nose be wrinkle up because the place stink . livingston how could he lie to we like that ? rusty the sign say ' the bellagio of Amsterdam 's . everyone look at each other and turn to leave . linus ( ? ) wait a minute . that 's it ? danny yeah . linus look , you guy no frill , no perk , run-and - gun , all that stuff , and I say no problem because I believe you be right that we should not go deeper into debt and spend money we do not have . I mean , be I the only one who think this might actually be a good thing ? that we could use a little humility ? that maybe we be a little too pleased and impressed with ourselves after the benedict job ? okay , I grant you that maybe this be not what we deserve , but maybe it 's what we need . we can do this . no , I take it back : we have to do this . a long beat . CUT to : ext . amsterdam finest five -star HOTEL 38 four black mercede skid to a stop outside Amsterdam 's finest five - star hotel . ( continued ) 38 39 40 '' clown can not sleep '' 23 . continued : 38 everyone emerge with big smile on they face . everyone except linus . he scowl , yank he bag back from the hotel doorman who rush over to take it for he . ext . convenience store , UNITED states -- day 39 tess enter and busy a phone card . ext . phone booth -- day 40 tess talk to Danny . across the street , a black sedan be park . tess what be you do in Amsterdam ? danny ( phone v.o ) only what I have to do to get benedict off we back . tess be careful , Danny . please . danny how 's work ? tess it 's the same . I be distract . danny I be sorry . tess it 's not you fault . danny ( telephone v.o. ) I keep try to figure out what I do wrong . how do he find we ? tess can not bring herself to tell Danny the truth , that it be entirely she fault . tess Danny , do not keep think about it . danny ( telephone v.o . ) I do something wrong . he should never have find we . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 24 . 40 continued : 40 tess I x11 call you tomorrow . I love you . danny I love you . 41 int . amsterdam HOTEL suite -- night 41 Danny hang up the phone and site . CUT to : 42 int . HOTEL -- night 42 in other room , the guy get themselves settle in . each take a step toward personalize they suite . 43 ext . amsterdam coffee house -- day 43 Danny and rusty lead a obviously eager linus towards a coffee house . rusty she 'il try and use she look to distract you . do not let she . danny be polite , but firm . linus right . rusty do not get soft on we . do not make too many concession . linus I will not . Danny and rusty nod . okay . 44 int . coffee house -- close on evelyn . 44 who be obviously a man in drag . linus look to Danny and rusty but they give he nothing . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 25 . 44 continued : 44 evelyn the onset of summer be like a woman who own too many shoe . she / he look to linus , who look to Danny and rusty . danny ( bail linus out ) if animal be capable of flattery , the World Bank would be open until 8 pm . evelyn when I be four year old , I see my mother kill a spider with a tea cozy . again , the Evelyn look to linus , who have nothing to say . rusty a doctor who specialize in skin disease will dream that he have fall asleep in front of the television . later he will wake up in front of the television but not remember he dream . Evelyn nod and look to linus , as do Danny and rusty . he furrow he brow , then speak : linus o let the sun beat down upon my face , star to fill my dream . I be a traveler of both time and space , to be where I have be . Danny and rusty stare at linus like he 's nut , like he 's just crack . Evelyn 's entire expression change . evelyn you young friend have a great deal to learn about respect . she / he put he / she drink down and walk to another part of the establishment . danny linus ... why do not you wait outside . rusty and Danny follow Evelyn and quietly console he / she . 45 '' clown can not sleep '' 26 . ext . coffee house -- afterward -- day 45 linus cool he heel . Danny and rusty emerge from inside . danny be that you idea of make a contribution ? rusty her term be scandalous . and we be lucky to get they after what you say . danny the deal be this close to be blow . linus '' deal ? '' what '' deal ? '' Danny and rusty just look at he . linus ( cont would ) I know what you guy be do . Danny and rusty exhange look . what ? linus ( cont would ) look . that ... person have too many cupcake . they just keep stare at he . linus ( cont would ) I be play along . rusty '' play along ! '' danny you call she mother a whore . rusty a really cheap one . linus guy , I be not fall for this . I be not .... but Danny and rusty be not laugh . they look piss . seriously piss . ( continued ) 45 46 '' clown can not sleep '' 27 . continued : 45 linus ( cont would ) I mean ... Danny and rusty just look at he . linus squirm . linus ( cont would ) I call she mother a whore ? int . amsterdam HOTEL suite -- night 46 Danny and rusty explain the job to the group . rusty it 's a privately own home . but do not let that fool you . it 's extremely well - protect . a photo of a four-story canal house be display on a flat screen connect to Livingston 's computer . saul what be we after ? danny a document . a very old , very valuable document . a photo label '' the vanderspeigle getuigschrift '' be display on screen . virgil what be it ? rusty a stock certificate . danny the first one ever issue , from the first corporation on the planet . the dutch East India Trading company . it 's the only one of it 's kind and it 's worth a boat-load . turk what 's we cut ? rusty 2.7 million after expense . a beat . Turk seem confuse ... ( continued ) 46 47 '' clown can not sleep '' 28 . continued : 46 turk each ? virgil who negotiate this ? Danny and rusty look at linus , linus thanks . livingston what do we know so far ? danny there 's a dummy key pad by the front door . ( point to a diagram ) but the alarm be really control by the keypad in Mr. vanderspeigle 's second floor office . now , here 's good news : we already know the system 's master code . Evelyn give it to we . frank that 's not good news , that 's really good news . virgil we just wait until he leave . danny yeah , well ... that 's the bad news . rusty he do not . Frank flinch . do not like what he 's hearing . danny he 's agoraphobic . amsterdam planning montage 47 Shots of they mark , vanderspeigle , be a agoraphobic livingston so he 's never be out of he house ? ever ? ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 29 . 47 continued 47 rusty ( v.0 . ) not once since he move in ten year ago . saul ( v.0o . ) do not this guy believe in fresh air ? rusty ( v.0 . ) crack he window at night ... that 's about it . when vanderspeigle crack he window we see that lock pin fall into place to prevent the window from open more than a few inch . livingston ( v.o. ) can we tap into the system from the outside through the phone line ? rusty ( v.0 . ) negative . it 's a close - loop system with two redundant server lock into titanium case in the guy 's bedroom . 47k we see the server in vanderspeigle 's bedroom . 47a basher ( v.o. ) could we use a remote device to trigger the panel ? danny ( v.o. ) it 's hard - wire and shield . 48 int . HOTEL suite -- the planning session ( continuous ) 48 turk guy , be I miss something here ? we know he damn code , right ? you be tell I with that much information we can not find a way into this freak 's house ? Frank flinch again . he seem to be reacting to the term '' freak . '' turk can not we just get a telephone repair truck ... '' clown can not sleep '' 30 . 49 amsterdam planning montage ( continuous ) 49 turk ( v.o . ) ... put the basket up and use a telescoping rod through the open window to tap out the guy 's code ? Turk 's idea play out as it be in he mind 's eye , until : rusty ( v.o. ) the street in front of the house be block off to vehicle . danny ( v.o. ) and it 's cover by five independently - wire surveillance camera .... rusty ( v.0 . ) monitor 24 - hour a day by a security company . we see the security arrangement they describe . 50 int . HOTEL suite -- the planning session ( continuous ) 50 saul God , this guy really be a freak . basher crazy freak . Frank react again to the term '' freak . '' it really bother he . Danny notice . danny something wrong ? frank just ... do not call the guy a freak , okay ? everyone turn and look at Frank like he 's a freak . frank ( cont would ) what ? the entire room be stare at he . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 31 . 50 continued : 50 frank ( cont would ) what ?! I mean , be I the only one here who feel funny about steal from a...a... handicapped guy ? Danny look to one side of the room ... then the other . danny yeah . the rest of the room agree . matter close . everyone just turn back to what they be do . danny ( cont have ) okay , so we know what we can not do ... Frank stew . danny ( cont have ) time to think outside the box , guy . a beat . everyone think . then : linus okay , here 's something ... I have get a idea ... suppose we -- rusty no . linus well , but how -- rusty there 's a Goldmann grid over the enitre surface . linus look at he . rusty ( cont would ) be that what you be think about ? linus nod . danny ( sudden idea ) but .... ( continued ) 50 '' clown can not sleep '' 32 . continued : ( 2 ) 50 rusty -- well , that 's different . especially if we -- rusty make a circular motion with he finger and then stop it with he other hand . danny right . linus what ? rusty ( quick aside to linus ) a schuman special . ( then to Livingston ) Livingston -- livingston absolutely . I mean , I have need a day to -- rusty you 'il have three . basher ? basher no worry . rusty Virgil , Turk . virgil . just gotta get the gear . turk Sweden . rusty yen ? yen say something in chinese . rusty ( cont would ) what , and give up show business ? saul -- saul I know , I know . i’1l be bored . you will be fine . ( continued ) 50 51 52 53 '' clown can not sleep '' 33 . continued : ( 3 ) 50 rusty clock 's run . everyone get up and leave . within second , linus be alone , stand in the middle of the room . linus what 's a schuman special ? int . HOTEL suite -- the planning session -- night 51 Livingston use a mock up of the alarm panel as a visual aid . livingston ( to basher ) you shot have to hit directly above the keypad . amsterdam planning montage ( continuous ) 52 we see basher rehearse the shot . he can not get a clear shot of the target . in fact , he can not see it . he turn to saul . basher let I see the specs . saul pull a well - wear copy of the alarm system blueprint . basher go to the height of the alarm keypad in the bedroom . it 's 4 's 10 '' . basher how tall be the surface of this roof ? saul about 87 foot . basher how tall exactly ? int . HOTEL suite -- day 53 Danny look at a diagram of the safe they 'il have to crack when they get inside vanderspeigle 's house , the safe that contain the " vanderspeigle getuigschrift '' . everyone but linus and rusty be here . but then rusty come in . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 34 . 53 continued : 53 rusty you be not go to believe this . danny try I . rusty we do not have line - of-sight . danny what ? rusty we try everywhere . some place we be only three or four inch off ... but ... there 's no straight shot . even with basher . it 's literally impossible . linus enter , out of breath . see everyone , he go to Danny and rusty . linus can I talk to you guy for a second ? they nod and allow linus to pull they into the corner . linus look over at the group and then turn to ' they . linus listen , I have do a little research on the schuman special , and uh ... we do not have line of sight for the shot . danny what ? rusty Jesus . this 'il kill we . danny ( to linus ) listen : do not say anything . if you be ever go to run you own crew , you have get to remember to never show weakness . rusty it 's like blood in the water for this guy . ( continued ) 53 54 '' clown can not sleep '' continued : ( 2 ) danny if they think you be slip , you will not even see it come . linus swallow . rusty but hey -- thanks . linus nod and go back to the group . rusty ( to Danny ) I need some air . ext . canal -- dusk rusty and Danny walk along the adjacent road . danny the swing Priest ? rusty not enough time . danny crazy Larry . rusty too many variable . danny robinov 's revenge ? rusty too many obstacle . danny the Soft shoulder . rusty not enough people . danny Baker 's Dozen . rusty we would need a woman . danny Hell in a handbasket . 35 . 53 54 ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 36 . 54 continued : 54 rusty can not train the cat that quickly . danny I can not have my wife watch I haul off in handcuffs again . rusty it 's always about you , be not it ? danny this like run toward a cliff . speak of which , how 's isabel ? rusty I have no idea what you be talk about . danny you get the tattoo remove ? rusty give its location , my doctor advise against it . rusty stop walk . Danny continue , then notice he be alone . he turn back to rusty . danny what be you do ? rusty we be here . danny oh . as Danny and rusty enter the hotel , rusty trip on the step . danny Nice . rusty bend down to look at the step . he notice that one tile on the edge of the stop have lose some mortar . he touch the tile and watch the lip rise up and down , up and down , as though it 's cantilever . 55 the group stare into camera 55 saul you want to do what ? ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 37 . 55 continued : 55 reverse to reveal rusty and Danny . rusty tilt it . raise it slightly . saul the whole house ? rusty it 's only a few inch . basher then i’1l have line -of-sight . frank we can not tilt a whole house . virgil they do it with the lean Tower of Pisa . rusty exactly . saul it take three hundred guy two year to do that . you be crazy . nobody 's ever do anything like this . rusty not true . palowski do it in ' 64 in Venice and ' 73 in Istanbul . saul really ? livingston and he only have a crew of six . rusty there be thirty pylon . we cut they , insert the jack , and crank . basher for nineteen hour . here 's the order in which they have to be do . 56 57 58 '' clown can not sleep '' 38 . ext . vanderspeigle 's house -- night 56 it be pour rain . from across the canal , we move towards vanderspeigle 's house , favor a barge moor just out front . then , instead of move over the barge , we push through its hull to -- int . barge hull 57 find Frank and Livingston inside man a series of industrial water pump . they be grimy and cover in sweat . rain drip through the deck above they . livingston so , basher approach I about be on a crew . frank when ? livingston yesterday . Frank think about that . yen pop he head out from a small tube and say something in chinese . Frank shrug ... do not understand . yen try again .... this time he enunciate very clearly and talk very loudly ( like Americans do when foreigner do not understand English ) . Frank nod , start turn the handle of the water pump in the opposite direction . yen climb down out of the tube . then he climb back up the tube . he pick up a jack in the corner . climb back in the tube . int . under vanderspeigle 's house - night 58 we follow he as he climb through the tube and emerge underneath vanderspeigle 's house , inside its foundation . the thirty pylon extend from the base of the house into the into the swamp it sit atop of . there be little space between the swamp level and the house . runoff from the rain outside drip everywhere . ( continued ) 58 '' clown can not sleep '' 39 . continued : 58 find Danny and rusty struggle to place a hand - cranke jack into a freshly cut space in one of the timber pylon . they be cover in muck and grime rusty the good news be , after the first twelve hour , I stop be able to smell anything . danny take a few more for I . rusty this water be stagnant six hundred year ago . find the malloy , thirty foot away , use a fancy underwater see to cut a space in another pylon . because the cut be take place underwater it be extremely quiet . virgil there 's no reason for he not to . he would go to the cop . turk okay , so he go to the cop . virgil then they arrest Dominique . turk . right. virgil then we have no story . turk right . linus she steal the money from Mr. mulroney . they turn to look at linus , saw nearby . turk what ? virgil why would she ? ( continued ) 58 59 '' clown can not sleep '' 40 . continued : ( 2 ) 58 linus to pay Franklin to keep quiet . Turk and Virgil think about that . linus keep saw . turk that 's good . int . apartment across from vanderspeigle’s house -- night 59 basher and saul sit in big cushiony chair . saul counterfeit ? me? ( beat ) I have to tell you , it 's not something I condone . it 's cheating . basher it be cheating . saul there 's no subtlety to it . basher it 's kind of embarrassing . saul no one I know ... basher I can not imagine anything like that . a long beat . then each of they reach into they jacket and produce $ 20 bill . they exchange and examine the bill closely by eye . satisfied , they trade they again and return they to they coat pocket . saul not bad . basher Bolivia . saul Diego 's people ? basher yeah . ( continued ) 59 60 61 62 '' clown can not sleep '' continued : saul well. congratulation . basher I tell he about you . saul I be too old . that 's dangerous . my stuff be cheap compare to that . it 's just I and my gal , you know . what you be talk about be organize . but thanks , anyway . int . apartment -- night 41 . 59 60 Frank sit watch tv . Livingston enter with grocery . frank jay leno call . livingston when be you gonna stop with that tired '' white people can not be funny stuff '' ? it 's so old , Frank , really . do you want some orange juice ? I get the good kind . just then they be interrupt by Danny 's voice on a walkie - talkie . danny ( v.o. ) augie one , this be condor . under vanderspeigle’s house rusty turn to Danny . livingston ( v.o. ) this be augie one ; go condor . int . apartment -- night danny ( v.o. ) we be fully cranke here . let 's go to phase two . Livingston and Frank look at each other . 61 62 ( continued ) 62 63 64 65 '' clown can not sleep '' 42 . continued : 62 frank bring that orange juice . ext . roof -- night 63 basher set up he gear again . this time , when he raise the crossbow to check he shot , he can see the keypad . just barely . he steady himself . saul know that he 's ready to take the shot . he speak into a walkie talkie . saul this be gatsby . we be green here . basher aim . the instant he fire the shot we CUT to : int . europol headquarters -- the hague -- day 64 a male secretary ( hess ) rush through europol 's extraordinary Richard meier-designed headquarters . int . auditorium -- day 65 europol agent isabel lahiri give a presentation to seventy - five of she colleague . with she on stage be a couple of seat higher - up type . she 's nervous . isabel let 's discuss , briefly and to begin , with the category of " thief " , as distinguished from the larger category of what might be termed '' harden '' criminal . the high level , '' master thief , '' if you will , be a very small world . between six and ten high - level crew be operate in Europe at any give time . worldwide , no more than twenty . the most famous , gaspar lemarc , be either dead or retire , and the expectation be that no one will replace he . the good news be the trend be toward they extinction . ( continued ) 65 66 '' clown can not sleep '' 43 . continued : 65 the secretary enter the auditorium and walk toward the podium . isabel for example : anecdotal evidence suggest this people be personally insufferable . the Higher - up look at each other ; what do she just say ? isabel they ego demand constant praise , and they embellish they exploit to anyone who will listen . they tell they own storey endlessly , provide of course , they be talk to a fellow thief or a intimate . many in the audience be now look to each other , wonder if this be appropriate . isabel that who interact with they on a personal level be relegate to position of total servitude , with no chance for growth or freedom . they life be treat as secondary . many of they suffer from depression . it 's a crime for which there be no law , and yet cause untold damage . one of the Higher - up convince the other to say something , but by now hess the male Secretary have reach isabel and interrupt she by whisper into she ear . she balance . isabel ( cont would ) ( amplify by the lectern mic ) what ? int . europol headquarters -- long shot -- day 66 isabel and hess walk briskly through the ultra-modern hallway . he brief she as they walk in a hushed voice . then something he say stop she in she track . hess continue to explain something we can not hear . then he pull out some photo . isabel leaf through they . ( continued ) 66 67 68 69 '' clown can not sleep '' 44 , continued : 66 isabel that 's impossible ! ext . vanderspeigle house -- crime scene -- day 67 isabel arrive and be greet by paul , a lead detective work the vanderspeigle theft for the Amsterdam police department . paul thanks for come . we can really use you help on this one . his partner look over at isabel , who be wear a skirt and pretty damn good shoe . the guy check out she leg and look away . isabel I hope the scene have not be contaminate . isabel walk away . moment later , she enter the house with the lead detective . int . vanderspeigle house - day 68 as soon as she 's inside she 's all business . isabel no force entry . paul not that we can find . upstair -- vanderspeigle 's home office 69 isabel look around vanderspeigle 's home office . behind a fake bookcase be a small room which contain the safe . in the other direction be vanderspeigle 's bedroom . paul ( nod ) we can not figure out how they disabled the alarm . we think maybe they try to short it out somehow . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 45 . 69 continued : 69 isabel no , that would have trigger the system . isabel go to the alarm pad . pull the face plate off , examine she move isabel ex be locke closet . the lead again , be answer the inside . isabel ( cont would ) and damage the circuit . pam well , then I do not know how they get in . isabel they have to have know the code . on to look in the mark 's bedroom . paul ( call to she ) we consider that , but the mark swear that nobody in the world know the code except he . he program the last seven step of the system himself . he set it and never leave the house again . when he die , we will probably have to physically cut all the power line to the house to get it off line . amine the computer brain of the alarm system which d inside a titanium case in vanderspeigle 's bedroom she answer the detective almost as a afterthought . isabel there be other way to get the code . ( to herself ) close loop . redundant server . titanium encasement . not bad . detective enter the bedroom . paul like what ? abel be inside she own mind . she 's really just the detective 's question out of courtesy . ( continued ) 69 '' clown can not sleep '' 46 . continued : ( 2 ) 69 isabel uh... well , they probably set up in a house across the canal and watch he type the code in through a pair of binocular . we go with he as he walk back into the office . he stand at the alarm panel and pretend to type in the code . he twist around and look out the window behind he . paul ( call to isabel in the bedroom ) actually , I do not know about that . isabel re-enter the office . paul ( cont would ) unless he have a habit of type in the code like this -- he stand to the side of the panel and reach over to type in the number . it 's a obviously unnatural position . then he move in front of the panel and type in the code as one normally would . paul ( cont would ) -- then he body would block the view from across the canal . isabel that 's why they probably set up over there -- she point out a adjacent window on another wall . isabel ( cont would ) -- and use the mirror . she point at a small mirror on the opposite wall . the detective bend down so he eye be at the level of the keypad , then he look in the mirror . he can see directly across the canal into another house . isabel ( cont would ) I be guess they have need a fifteen hundred millimeter lens to get a clear shot but -- but isabel 's already move on . something have catch she attention just above the alarm panel : a patch of paint that be shinier than the paint that surround it . ( continued ) 69 70 71 72 73 '' clown can not sleep '' 47 . continued : ( 3 ) 69 isabel put she finger to she tongue to wet it , then touch the shiny area . when she pull she finger away there be paint on it . isabel cock she head . mind 's eye ( isabel ) -- the night before 70 a black - clad thief ( linus ) use a paint brush to touch up the wall above the alarm keypad . back to scene -- the crime scene 71 the lead detective watch isabel intently . paul what be it ? isabel use the blunt end of a letter opener from vanderspeigle 's desk to gently dig at the wall under the paint . the plaster there be soft and wet . in fact it be not plaster at all . it 's spackle . paul ( cont would ) what be that ? isabel cook she head again . mind 's eye ( isabel ) -- the night before 72 thunk ! a crossbow bolt hit the wall above the alarm panel . back to scene -- the crime scene 73 isabel it 's where the crossbow bolt hit . paul a crossbow bolt ? isabel ever hear of franz schuman ? paul no . ( continued ) 73 74 '' clown can not sleep '' 48 . continued : 73 isabel be at the window . the one that vanderspeigle leave crack open every night . isabel look across the canal at the apartment where basher and saul be play card . isabel they would have fire from that roof . through this open window . isabel kneel down , check the line - of - sight to make sure she 's correct . paul from that roof , through this window ? nobody could make a shot like that . isabel not a cop , anyway . paul what 's that suppose to mean ? isabel sorry . you friend downstairs put I in a bad mood . paul he 's a idiot . you should not let he bother you . isabel yes . you be right . isabel pull out a notepad and write the name : '' Eugene ' basher 's tarr . '' there be two name above basher 's in she little book : '' Robert Ryan '' and '' Danny Ocean . '' isabel ( cont would ) but this man be exceptionally good . even when they make mistake . mind 's eye ( isabel ) -- the night before 74 a bolt fly through vanderspeigle 's open window and hit the wall above the alarm pad . two thin wire be attach to a tiny wheel , which be attach to the back of the bolt . the wire run back to the window of the apartment across the canal . Inside that apartment : the wire end in another tiny wheel which be mount on a large tripod for stability . ( continued ) 74 75 76 77 '' clown can not sleep '' 49 , continued : 74 in effect the group now have a mini-clothesline run between the alarm pad and the apartment across the canal . Livingston attaches a device design to fit directly over the number pad of vanderspeigle 's keypad to the '' clothesline '' that run across the canal . back to scene -- the crime scene 75 isabel write : '' Livingston dell ? '' underneath basher 's name in she notebook . mind 's eye ( isabel ) -- the night before 76 Livingston 's device be shuttle across the canal , through vanderspeigle 's crack window and right to the alarm panel . magnet on the side of the device cause it to snap into place over the top of the keypad . Livingston then type a six - digit code into a remote keypad . his keypunch be mimick by the remote device . vanderspeigle 's alarm shut off . downstair : from inside we see the front door lock pick . the door swing open . back to scene -- the crime scene 77 isabel nod she head . there 's a slight smile on she face . the smile of admiration , respect in another 's skill . isabel when do he get up and notice the certificate be go ? paul the alarm wake he at 4:20 be . isabel but the alarm would have be -- she stop . and smile to herself . isabel ( cont would ) oh ... oh , i_know what happen . paul what ? isabel quickly glance around the room . her eye land on the floor near the false bookcase . ( continued ) 77 78 79 '' clown can not sleep '' 50 . continued : 77 on some dark line in the crevice where the floor board meet . she kneel down for a closer look . isabel there be someone else . paul someone else . mind 's eye ( isabel ) -- the night before 78 Danny and rusty come through the front door . they be follow by linus . all of they be soaking wet from 24 hour in the swamp under the house , and the last few minute in the pour rain outside the front door . the group silently slip up the stair . isabel ( v.o. ) oh , I wish I could have have see that . int . vanderspeigle office - night 79 they enter vanderspeigle 's office . you can hear he snore in the other room . Danny and rusty quickly , carefully remove the crossbow bolt from the wall and take it to the window . they drop it ( and the attach wire ) to the malloy , who be wait on the street below . meanwhile linus spackle the hole in the wall and paint over the spackle . Danny and rusty turn to see that linus be finish . they hand - signal each other like special force guy do , then move towards the bookcase on the adjacent wall . isabel ( v.o. ) that must have really be something . suddenly : danny wait ! wait ! shhhh ! everyone freeze . Danny put he hand up to he ear to try to listen for the sound he think he hear . we hear the faint sound of somebody sing to themselves . Danny and rusty quickly realize it 's come from behind the bookcase . what the hell ? ( continued ) 79 '' clown can not sleep '' 51 . continued : 79 they yank open the false bookcase to reveal a handsome frenchman who have just finish clean out the content of vanderspeigle 's safe . Danny and rusty stare at he . he turn around and see they , but if he 's bother in the slight he sure be not show it . Danny approach he . this exchange be whisper with a great amount of drama at very close range . just then , over . dinner jacket can I help you ? danny yeah . what the hell be you do ? dinner jacket I be get here first . Frank and yen arrive . the frenchman look they rusty this be we score . dinner jacket I be here before you . frank ( join ) we let you in the house ! somehow you get in after we hit the code but before we get to the door . dinner jacket that 's thirty second . how could I know which exact thirty second I have ? unless I know you plan . could I have know you plan ? do you have a snitch in you group ? danny no. rusty we do not . dinner jacket yes , I know you do not . because I see , the whole thing from that chair . I know you be around , but I have my own plan . yen say something in chinese . ( continued ) 79 '' clown can not sleep '' continued : ( 2 ) dinner jacket there 's really no need for that . 52 . 79 Danny want to raise he voice , but he can not . vanderspeigle be snore twenty foot away . danny listen , we have to come to some arrangement . linus we have incur some very serious cost here . Danny and rusty look at he . linus well , we have . the malloy arrive . dinner jacket every second I be become more outnumber . virgil ( whisper , be : dinner jacket ) who 's this ? frank he say he get here first . virgil that 's bullshit . rusty hey . mouth . virgil this be we goddamn job ! he sound as angry as a guy who 's whisper can livingston if the situation be reverse -- dinner jacket but the situation be not reverse . the situation be that I be here first , without any help from you . sound . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 53 . 79 continued : ( 3 ) 79 Livingston arrive , soaking wet like everyone else . dinner jacket so as much as I would -- basher and saul arrive . dinner jacket Jesus , how many of you be there ? danny just give we the stock certificate . whatever else you take out of that safe ... it 's yours . dinner jacket stop . thinks for a moment . then : dinner jacket no. but : I leave you with something . he hand Danny a business card . dinner jacket my attorney . in case Evelyn 's employer try anything ... well , anything . dinner jacket smile , then pull a tiny electronic device out of he shirt pocket . he press a button . and the alarm blare to life . 80 back to scene -- the crime scene 80 Paul stare at isabel . paul be you sure ? isabel I be sure there 's another scenario that would fit this physical detail , but I do not know what it be . paul where should we start ? isabel take out she pda , write something on she keypad , and hit a few button . a second later , Paul 's beeper go off . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 54 . 80 continued : 80 isabel you can start by pick that guy up . 81 int . amsterdam HOTEL suite -- day 81 the group sit around look depressed . virgil who the hell be that guy ? frank it 's go to get out , you know . people be go to find out . basher somebody must know this bloke 's name . livingston the question be who train he . he get into that place alone . danny he say . frank I believe he . saul ( unsettle ) you think he 's better than we ? frank I be not say anything , but the man be sit there , wait for we . linus do you think the cop even know who this guy be ? rusty please . that guy 's never even see a cop . turk maybe he work with the cop . ( continued ) 81 82 83 84 '' clown can not sleep '' continued : saul you do not work with the cop unless you absolutely have to . and not even then . basher either way , he 's get to have a name . livingston it can not be that hard to find out who this guy be . like I say , somebody train he . who train the best ? danny lemarc . ( to rusty ) right ? rusty if he 's not dead . linus who 's lemarc ? stun silence from the guy . they will not even respond . yen say something . ext . police headquarters -- day isabel arrive . int . police headquarters -- day isabel be wait to be process . eventually , she be direct down a hallway . int . interrogation anteroom -- day we look through a one - way mirror into the interrogation 55 . 81 82 83 84 room where detective onderdonk and devenpeck be try the bad cop / bad cop routine on Evelyn . isabel walk into frame and watch : onderdonk slam he fist on the table . davenpeck shout in Evelyn 's face . Evelyn just laugh . ( continued ) 84 '' clown can not sleep '' 56 . continued : 84 isabel shake she head . frustrate and more exhaust than they detainee , the two detective leave the interrogation room for the ante-room where isabel be . onderdonk Fucking stone . davenpeck I be not quit . onderdonk who say quit . I be tired . isabel can I speak to he ? the two detective look at each other . davenpeck who be you ? isabel produce a sign document . they look at it , shrug , and give it back . davenpeck apparently , you can do whatever you want with he . onderdonk be you move he ? isabel oh no . I just need to speak with he . to get some information . davenpeck we have be on he for six hour . onderdonk with we best stuff . davenpeck we best stuff . in mind term , we have be torture this guy . isabel I be sure . I only need a moment , then I ’1l1 be out of you way . ( continued ) 84 85 '' clown can not sleep '' 57 . continued : ( 2 ) 84 they shrug . isabel go into the room with Evelyn . we stay with onderdonk and davenpeck , who watch she through the two - way mirror . through the mirror : isabel walk right up to Evelyn , smile , and whisper one word to he / she . Evelyn 's face freeze . he / she look at isabel , scared . then he / she start to weep . uncontrollably .... tear stream down he / she face . isabel hand Evelyn a sheet of paper and he / she begin to write . onderdonk and davenpeck be dumbfounded . isabel turn around so she 's face they . int . amsterdam HOTEL suite -- night 85 the entire group , minus Danny , sit around glumly watch CNN International on the flat screen . Danny be on he cell phone on the other side of the room . danny ( into phone ) it 's not a problem , it 's a hiccup . it will not affect we schedule that much . I want to talk about you , not the job . how be you do ? knock-knock-knock . something about it do not sound familiar . Danny move into the big roam . rusty be at the door , look through the peep-hole . rusty put he head down . clearly it be not a stranger . danny tess , I have get to call you back . he hang up . knock -knock-knock . rusty indicate for Danny to get it . danny come . Danny open the door to reveal isabel . she look at Danny . he look back at she . they do not say a word . Danny motion for she to come in . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 58 . 85 continued : 85 rusty ( still glue to the tv ) who be it ? isabel ( to rusty ) hello , Robert . rusty spin to see isabel . rusty isabel . he cross to she . stay with the group for a moment . linus '' Robert ? '' be that he real name ? Virgil and Turk shrug . linus how do she know that ? livingston ex-girlfriend . basher & saul fiancee . 86 angle on rusty and isabel 86 the entire group be watch they . rusty it 's great to see you . isabel be it ? because you have be see a lot of I lately . she hand a surveillance photo to rusty . isabel you be sit in a mercede outside my apartment on Wednesday night . she hand rusty another photo . ( this be the photo hess the male secretary show she at europol hq that we could not see . ) ( continued ) 86 '' clown can not sleep '' 59 . continued : 86 isabel you be hide in the bush when I have lunch yesterday at trattoria Bella . she hand he a third photo . look at the fourth . isabel this one ... I be not even sure where this one be take , but I like ita lot . very ron gallela . she hand this photo to Danny . it 's a picture of rusty , with a dorky look on he face , peer out from behind a mailbox he 's use as cover while he spy on isabel . isabel I mean , if I do not know better I have think you all come here to steal the vanderspeigle getuigschrift , also know as the world 's first stock certificate . ( to the group as a whole ) you must have be so proud of yourselves . a schuman special . it 's be awhile . ( smile at basher ) that be a very handsome crossbow shot , Eugene . basher wince at the sound of he real name . the group stare back at she . can not believe this be happen . isabel and the palowski ... whose idea be that ? she know it be rusty . rusty we do not steal anything . isabel oh ... I know you do not . somebody beat you to it . one man . no crew . no back up . tell I something -- just so I can get the full picture in my head -- be he wear a tuxedo ? a white dinner jacket ? ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 60 . 86 continued : ( 2 ) 86 basher ( to isabel ) at least we see he in the flesh . you will never see this guy you whole life . isabel so you know who he be ? danny of course we know who he be . isabel well , then . i’1l see you when you see he . to get you certificate back . she take the photo of rusty peek from behind the mailbox from Danny 's hand . she walk out . the group be freeze . Livingston be still look at the picture of rusty follow isabel . livingston ( to rusty , be : the photo ) who 's hat be that ? saul how do she -- that be -- danny ( to rusty ) this be what I be talk about . this be exactly what I be talk -- rusty -- I be just check up on she . I know she do not want to see I . I be be polite . turk where do she learn all that stuff ? the palowski stuff . danny her father . virgil he be a cop ? rusty thief . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' continued : ( 3 ) linus be he good ? danny very . frank great . virgil what 's the big deal ? she 's just some brilliant , piss - off ex - girlfriend who 's dad teach she every trick in the book . saul & basher fiancee . turk but do you see that display of emotion , hand out that picture ? virgil totally unprofessional . rusty she 's passionate . virgil she 's unbalance . rusty her job be very stressful . saul she could reduce she stress by leave we alone . danny we have get to slow she down . everyone agree . danny but first : we find we french friend and introduce ourselves . funky transition to : '' clown can not sleep '' 62 . 87 int . europol headquarters -- day 87 isabel be talk to she superior . she nod . isabel 's boss twenty - four hour . you know that . isabel I do not have twenty - four hour . they be there now . they 's 1ll lead I to he . isabel 's boss you also know that you can go now , if you do not take you secretary . when there 's liability , I need a document . 88 int . europol headquarters hallway -- day 88 isabel exit . hess he say we can not leave until tomorrow because of liability issue and he need a document . isabel yes . hess thanks for try . isabel let 's share a car . hess that would be nice . thank you . isabel I can not believe they will not make a exception . ( beat ) I have get to find out who this other guy be . CUT to : 89 90 91 92 '' clown can not sleep '' 63. int . monte carlo casino -- night 89 dinner jacket ( aka francois toulour ) win a huge blackjack bet . the crowd react enthusiastically . a beautiful woman stand near he . int . monte carlo casino -- night 90 the crowd around the blackjack table erupt as toulour wine another massive bet . note : the same dealer pay he off . the same crowd be watch . but toulour be dress ina different tuxedo , and a different woman be stand by he side . another beautiful woman fantastic . basher ( v.o. ) he do he first big job in 1989 . bundesbank , Berlin . danny ( v.o. ) the fifteen million dollar one the day the Berlin wall fall ? basher ( v.o. ) he be nineteen year old . intercut -- int . / ext . monte carlo casino -- night 91 follow toulour ( in a different tuxedo , with a different beautiful woman ) as he exit the casino . ext . monte carlo casino -- night 92 when we pick he up on the exterior he be in another tuxedo with another woman . another beautiful woman where do you want to go this weekend ? basher ( v.o. ) Bank faltier , Paris 190 and again in ' 91 .... total take twenty - one million euros . Bank of Italy ' 92 . eighteen million . danish treasury , also 192 . twenty - two million . ( more ) ( continued ) 92 93 94 '' clown can not sleep '' 64 . continued : 92 basher ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) prado museum . Madrid ' 93 .... the Picasso . estimate value -- saul ( v.o. ) hang on a second ! he -- all of they ?! livingston ( v.o. ) he 's not do . danny ( v.o. ) wait -- prado Museum , the Picasso -- that be Moretti . intercut -- ext . monte carlo -- night 93 toulour rocket he turbocharged bentley into a tunnel . ext . monte carlo tunnel - night 94 pick he up as he exit the tunnel in a new car , wear a new tux , with a new woman . yen ( in V. basher ( v.o. ) he in Moretti . it 's one of he aliase . rusty ( v.o. ) anything else ? basher ( v.o. ) udc bank in geneva , ' 94 . nineteen million in bearer bond . the Louvre -- ' 95 and twice in ' 96 . o. ) say something in chinese . basher ( v.o. ) he leave a Post - it note on the mona Lisa that say '' bitch set I up . '' livingston ( v.o. ) tell they about Saint Tropez . basher ( v.o. ) in 2000 , he steal the King of Morocco 's 230 foot yacht . vanish into thin air . Crew surface a few day later in a life raft . could not remember a thing . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 94 continued : saul ( v.o. ) how do you hide a two hundred foot yacht ?! basher ( v.o. ) if the King know , he 's not tell . he receive it back a month later . 95 intercut -- ext . cote D ’azure -- night toulour . another car . another tux . another beautiful woman . he pilot he convertible maserati at high speed along the windy road . another beautiful woman how far be you house , Baron ? toulour twenty minute by helicopter . turk ( v.o. ) one guy do all that job ? virgil ( v.o. ) how would he get all that aliase ? basher ( v.o. ) until a month ago interpol be convinced that the heist be the work of twelve different people . but not any more . livingston ( v.o. ) the french national police just give he a nickname . '' Le renard nuit '' -- the night Fox . 96 int . HOTEL suite -- day Danny roll he eye . basher Scotland yard say he 's the new lemarc . rusty Scotland yard never see lemarc . 65 . 94 95 96 97 98 '' clown can not sleep '' 66 . intercut -- ext . private heliport -- night 97 a helicopter land on a massive Lake como estate . toulour get out . New clothes . New woman . danny ( v.o. ) personal information ? linus ( v.0 . ) some say he 's one of this guy that think because he be bear in a penthouse , he control the elevator business . other say he turn out okay when you consider how rich he parent be . saul ( v.o. ) tax over here be brutal . people do not realize . linus ( v.o. ) Father be a big-time industrialist , get into the cellphone market on the ground floor . mother inherite . have maid as a child . he 's a public figure , people know who he be . he 's be rumor to run for office in Spain , even though he do not appear to live there . intercut -- ext . / int . toulour 's house -- night 98 toulour , in new clothes , with yet another woman , unlock several lock and disarm two alarm . the woman can not believe all the security he have . another beautiful woman what do you have in there , the mona Lisa ? toulour ( as if ) please . another beautiful woman ( do not miss a beat ) you know what ? I do not like that painting either . I do not like anything Van gogh do . ( continued ) 98 99 100 101 '' clown can not sleep '' 67 . continued : 98 toulour smile and let she in . linus ( v.o. ) he 's a avid golfer , pro-level tennis player , and inveterate gambler . but apparently he favorite pastime be .... linus trail off . back to the HOTEL 99 danny what ? rusty spit it out , linus . intercut -- int . toulour 's villa -- night 100 a tableau shot look into the bedroom . another beautiful woman join toulour in he bedroom . int . amsterdam HOTEL suite -- day 101 linus he 's rarely alone . I think it 's a compulsion . I have a list of name here ... it be just the first week . danny all right , move on , be there anything else we need to know about this guy before we -- basher do we forget to mention he 's a viscount ? danny a what ? livingston viscount . as in nobility . ( continued ) 101 102 103 104 105 106 '' clown can not sleep '' 68 . continued : 101 danny ( can not take it anymore ) last time I check title like that go out with a little number I like to call the french Revolution -- basher Spain . danny what ? basher his title . it 's Spanish . mother 's cousin . intercut -- int . toulour 's bedroom -- dawn 102 toulour crawl out of bad . wonder who the woman next to he be . back to scene -- int . amsterdam HOTEL suite -- day 103 danny he may be the great thief in Europe . he may have sleep with half of the EU . he may bea casanova with the soul of a starve artist . it do not matter . intercut -- int . toulour 's hallway -- dawn 104 toulour come downstairs in he bathrobe . back to scene -- int . amsterdam HOTEL suite -- dawn 105 danny there 's something he care about . there 's something he can not live without . intercut -- int . toulour 's house -- dawn 106 toulour reach the base of the stair and stop dead in he track . he look ahead of he to a wall cover with painting . one painting be clearly miss . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 69 . 106 continued : 106 all that remain be the dust / fade mark on the wall to indicate that it have be there . he walk up to the wall and smile -- certainly this will be a interesting day . he 's actually be cheer up by this . 107 ext . toulour 's villa -- day 107 toulour in play a hard - fight game of tennis . his opponent ( edmund ) bang a great shot . toulour get there and smack it back . Edmund dive for the ball , just get it back over the net . but toulour be wait and hit edmund be you on steroid ? toulour laugh . edmund let 's try again . give I five game this time . toulour you be worse than sampras . you should be pay I . a butler arrive . butler ( in french ) pardon I , sir . he hand toulour two business card . one say Ocean , '' the other '' rusty Ryan . '' butler ( in french ) two gentleman . they say they meet you in Amsterdam last week . toulour ( in french ) put they on the veranda and get they a drink . I x11 be right up . 108 ext . veranda -- day a kill shot . '' Daniel 108 Danny and rusty look out over Lake como . toulour arrive . toulour ( to Danny ) rusty . ( more ) ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 70 . 108 continued : 108 toulour ( cont would ) ( to rusty ) Danny . danny other way around . toulour be you sure ? usually I be so good at that . Edmund arrive , carry he tennis bag . toulour this be Edmund . Edmund . rusty . Danny . he call by they wrong name again . danny Nice to meet you . Edmund . ( make conversation ) you a tennis pro ? rusty take a sip of ice tea . edmund actually , no , I be the King of Morocco . Danny and rusty nod , they smile freeze . 109 int . villa -- day 109 toulour show Danny and rusty he art . toulour sadly , I can not show you my favorite painting of all -- a dega that use to hang right there -- because it be steal recently . danny that 's awful . rusty the criminal element be everywhere this day . toulour nod . danny listen , francois -- ( continued ) 109 110 '' clown can not sleep '' 71 . continued : 109 toulour please . call I Baron . danny we come here for the vanderspeigle certificate -- toulour that 's not for sale . danny you dega be worth three time that . you want you painting back , you be go to have to trade . toulour you actually expect I to believe that you be in possession of my dega ? you be live in a... ina bubble . toulour look at they and walk away . CUT to : int . lake como HOTEL suite -- day 110 rusty and Danny stand with the rest of the group . basher he use the word '' amateur '' ? rusty and Danny nod reluctantly . virgil you say we could show he the painting right , to prove that we have it . danny yes . rusty he still would not trade . yen say something . frank we need to teach he a lesson . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 72 . 110 continued : 110 turk absolutely . danny all right , let 's stay calm . we do not need to over - react here . he say some disrespectful thing , that 's true . but why antagonize this guy ? why get into something with he ? he 's young and he 's filthy rich , and he 's get time on he hand . we do not want to become he Betty noir . we can just fence he painting and earn a lot more than we would have from the certificate . basher it 's about reputation . you say so yourself . we have to get that certificate to Evelyn 's buyer or -- danny we will make enough sell the dega to pay off she buyer -- frank then why do you make that trip down there in the first place , if you do not want to get into something ? danny saul ? saul turn he name over to isabel . in exchange for get off we back . tough one to swallow . saul short of that ... the only appropriate response be to steal he next job right out from under he . just like he do to we . turk we do not even know we next job . danny we get ten million in that closet . ( continued ) 110 111 112 113 114 '' clown can not sleep '' 73 . continued : ( 2 ) 110 Danny point at the closet in the room . danny I cash in the dega , take a moment to think about we next move . toulour be not go anywhere . you guy be hype he too much , you be let he get inside you head . everyone agree . Danny open the closet . there 's a picture frame in there , but no picture . it 's be steal by toulour . we hear the SOUND of a case be shut and locked . int . paris build -- day 111 we see a SMALL , secure BOX be transport to a heavily secure truck . ext . paris build -- day 112 the truck exit the building and drive down a street with security motorcycle surround it . ext . paris freeway -- day 113 the motorcade head for the private airport . the secure box be load onto a plane as isabel and she male secretary hess exit a plane nearby . int . car -- day 114 isabel and hess head into Paris . isabel why do I need to see all this guy ? when I track the munch down in Sweden I get all the approval I need with one phone call . ( more ) ( continued ) 114 115 116 117 '' clown can not sleep '' 74 . continued : 114 isabel ( cont would ) with lenin 's shave kit the Russians bring I in and it take a single signature and I get it at the airport a minute after I arrive . what 's so goddamn special about the french ? hess give she a look as though she should know better . hess without they signature , you can not do anything . you can not pull the suspect over , you can not do surveillance on they , you be not even allow to contact they . they be real stickler about sovereignty issue here . int . paris bureaucrat 's office -- day 115 the bureaucrat look at isabel . all of she . inspector isabel , I could not possibly sign that document in good conscience without talk to you about the case in detail . I realize you be in a hurry and my schedule for the rest of the day be quite full , so perhaps , if you be interested in be expedient , we could discuss the case ... over dinner . int . sedan -- day 116 isabel sit in the back with hess . hess foucquet 's at eight - thirty . apparently they 's a private room . better bring you kevlar . ( to the driver ) do not stop for that . ext . paris STREET --day 117 the driver accelerate through a yellow / red light , almost hit danny and toulour who deftly avoid get crush . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 75 . 117 continued : 117 danny that 's not how I want to go . toulour no . they walk on . toulour very theatrical of you ... ask to meet here . like we be spy meeting to do a exchange . danny why be you do this to we ? toulour do what ? danny this be a game for you . for we it 's survival . be you that bored ? I mean ... toulour no . I would not do that . no ... the truth be ... I make a bet . or maybe a better word be a '' wager '' . danny what kind of wager ? 118 ext . paris cape -- day 118 Danny and toulour sit across from each other . the bottom quarter of the eifel tower be visible in the background . toulour a gentleman 's wager with a friend of mine -- my mentor . a few month ago we be at he winter place in Nicaragua and another guest refer to I as '' the great thief in the world . '' I do not object , obviously , but my mentor fall silent . later I ask he about it . he say if I really want to say I be the best thief ... I have have to prove I be better than the eleven of you . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 118 119 '' clown can not sleep '' continued : toulour ( cont would ) you know , the benedict job make wave , even all the way over here . 16.3 million dollar . that 's a lot of money . danny 163 . toulour sorry. 163 . before you be find . int . arab museum rooftop function room -- day toulour yes , 163 million be a lot of money . it attract attention . so , ina way , you bring this problem with I on yourselves . you be victim of you own success . danny here 's what I be go to do . you tell I the name of you mentor . I ' 11 call he up and I x11 tell he that you be the great thief in the world ... that I accept that to be true .... and in return ... you leave we alone , let we go about we business . how about that ? toulour he say you have probably say something like that -- but he say you would probably have you finger cross when you say it . Danny frown , pull he hand out of he pocket . toulour ( cont ’d ) so in this situation -- for the purpose of my wager -- word be not good enough . I have to prove this on the ground . danny this mentor of yours ... be he a good thief in he day ? toulour who , lemarc ? 76 . 118 ( continued ) 119 120 '' clown can not sleep '' 77 . continued : 119 Danny swallow . danny yeah . him . int . paris HOTEL room -- day 120 angle on the group -- they be slack - jaw . livingston who ? yen say something . rusty I think so too . saul lemarc . the lemarc . Danny nod . saul God hate I . he hate all of we . frank Hell , this could go on forever . danny no . it 's go to be settle by one more job . a single object . saul whatever it be , let 's just let he have it . danny we can not . livingston because of pride ? danny because we beat he , he 'il pay benedict off . a stunne beat . frank ( new lease on life ) now we be talk . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 78 . 120 continued : 120 basher one score , for the whole thing ? livingston what do we have to do ? I mean , be it a fair bet or be it like ... the coronation Egg or something ? Danny point . that 's it . that 's the one . saul he want we to steal the coronation Egg ! basher that 's just ... that 's ... what be that ? saul the Holy grail . rusty Carl faberge , the great goldsmith in history , construct the coronation Egg in 1896 for the wedding of czar Nicholas and alexandra . every world class thief in the last 108 year have try to steal it . no one have even come close . saul that 's because it 's curse . linus what ? saul it 's un-stealable . danny it 's the only thing in lemarc 's entire career that he go after but fail to get . he try three time . a long beat of silence .... danny we get the egg and we be free . ( continued ) 120 121 122 '' clown can not sleep '' continued : ( 2 ) basher that 's great , except we can not get it . saul it 's not possible . danny then we go to jail . a beat ... virgil well ... where be it now ? ext . rome , italy private airport -- day the SMALL , secure BOX be be take off a plane . 79 . 120 121 another motorcade form and escort the vehicle into the city . ext . street of rome -- day the motorcade be completely stop in traffic . 122 in a nearby sedan , isabel sit next to a italian carabinieri liaison of same sort . hess be in the front seat . isabel I be go to need surveillance on both hotel , phone tap , room bug , people in the lobby and by every exit . carabinieri officer yes , absolutely . isabel if I have to guess I have say I 'il need at least 25 people , a dozen vehicle ... and a on-call air unit . carabinieri officer yes , absolutely . isabel okay , one more thing , and this be crucial : this guy be extremely , sophisticated at avoid electronic surveillance , so we 'il need real state of the art stuff . ( more ) ( continued ) 122 123 '' clown can not sleep '' 80 . continued : 122 isabel ( cont would ) I be talk synthetic aperture pinhole camera , wave reformation micu with a high plank coefficient and a passive input structure -- you be not write anything down ; be you sure you be get all this ? carabinieri officer yes , absolutely . isabel okay . good . now what time be I meeting Captain giordano ? a beat ... carabinieri officer ( tentative ) yes ... isabel no , what time ? another beat ... carabinieri officer yes ... absolutely ... isabel look right at he . isabel I see ...so ... you have speak with the Pope and he 's okay with autograph my breast ? hess turn around . carabinieri officer yes , absolutely . isabel sigh loudly and sink back into she seat . ext . street of rome -- day 123 the motorcade arrive at the Museum of modern Art . we follow armored car and continue on to find Danny walk up the front step . '' clown can not sleep '' 81 . 124 int . museum of modern art -- day 124 angle on Livingston as he subtly nod at something in the distance . Danny be stand next to he . danny what be I look at ? livingston a tr354 infra red motion detection system . it 's the gold standard . danny saul and linus back yet ? livingston no. danny no? livingston and I can not find rusty . 125 int . museum -- elsewhere 125 Frank and yen look at a '' authorize - entry only '' door as a member of the museum staff go through it . the door have a complex double - lock mechanism that would make it impossible to pick . yen say something in chinese . frank what ? yen say something in chinese , again . frank well , I do not know , but that 's one nasty lock . Danny approach . danny see rusty ? frank we think he be with you . ( continued ) 125 126 127 '' clown can not sleep '' 82 . continued : 125 Danny move off . int . museum -- elsewhere 126 basher be be question by Danny . basher not since we first get here . about a hour ago . Danny move away . basher ( cont would ) ( to Danny 's back ) and where 's saul and linus ? int . rome HOTEL room -- day 127 isabel enter she room . suddenly she spin and draw she pistol . her gun end up in rusty 's face . isabel Jesus , Robert . I could have kill you . he shrug . a long beat as she take a look at he . rusty I be older . isabel I hope so . what be you do in my room ? rusty I think maybe we could get some coffee . isabel no , thanks . rusty okay , how about a two week trip to Zanzibar ? isabel please do not . ( continued ) 127 '' clown can not sleep '' 83 . continued : 127 rusty Fine , coffee then . whatever you say . isabel give a exasperate sigh . isabel why do I want to have coffee with you ? rusty how should I know ? sorry about you mom . isable nod . rusty ( cont would ) she be a real ... isabel she hate you . rusty well , she be nice enough to hide it from I . some people can not even do that . isabel she hate everybody . rusty nod . he remember . isabel you will never get it by the way . rusty get what ? isabel you 'il think you have get it , you will be so close that you will be able to taste it and then this guy , the night Fox or whoever he be , will just take it -- right out of you hand -- just like he do in Amsterdam . he 's as good as lemarc . rusty it 's not possible . isabel you be in a bubble . ( continued ) 127 128 129 130 '' clown can not sleep '' 84 . continued : ( 2 ) 127 rusty look at she . int . rome warehouse -- day 128 a mock up of the room the egg will be display in . a dummy egg sit on a cradle in the center of the room . infra-re motion detector cover the room . motion sensitive laser shine directly onto the egg . Danny , basher , yen , Frank , and Livingston try to figure out how to get around the security system . livingston ( in the background ) no , that will not work either . the ir will pick it up before you even get close . this be depress to everyone . frank look , if we be have this much trouble , and we have get ten guy toulour must be pull he hair out . intercut -- ext . poolside -- day 129 toulour lie in a lounge chair . back to scene -- int . rome warehouse -- day 130 the group agree toulour must be suffer like they . rusty stride in . everyone look at he . he look at the mock up of the egg . rusty would you call that bubble - shape ? danny what ? rusty shrug it off . rusty she pull a gun on I . he sit . ( continued ) 130 131 '' clown can not sleep '' 85 . continued : 130 rusty ( cont would ) she will not back off . frank be you back on ? rusty I be sell . she be not buy . danny more importantly , what kind of reception be the italian Police give she ? int . rome police headquarters -- day 131 a subordinate officer lead isabel down a hallway . subordinate officer Captain giordano be handle a urgent interrogation . he will be up as soon as it be complete . please wait in here . he lead isabel and hess into the Captain 's office . a large clock on the wall read 11:45 be . the open window in the office look out onto one of Rome 's famous courtyard . Captain giordano stand with three other officer . they be have a loud , tense conversation in italian . isabel watch as giordano 's temper really flare . he jab he finger at one of the other cop . captain giordano ( subtitled ) naple suck ! they be a joke ! the only decent player they have be pasqualli -- and he 's a pussy . italian cop 1 ( subtitled ) pasqualli run circle around bologna 's backfield every time . italian cop 2 ( subtitled ) pasqualli could single - handedly -- isabel turn to the officer who escort she in . isabel what be they talk about ? ( continued ) 131 132 133 134 '' clown can not sleep '' 86 . continued : 131 subordinate officer it 's a internal matter , Madame . isabel and hess look at each other . ext . courtyard -- day 132 the Captain continue to argue . that involved in the discussion be be bring lunch . int . captain giordano 's office -- day 133 isabel 's sit on the couch now , she eye lid droop . hess check he pda . italian cop 3 ( 0.s. , subtitled ) -- and she friend could trounce naple ! the clock on the wall read 2:20 pm . isabel 's be here two and a half hour . int . rome warehouse -- day 134 Livingston , yen , Danny , and rusty be experiment with a way for yen to drop from the ceiling so that he 's hang right over the egg . they mock - up alarm ring . a red light flash . livingston damn-it . Danny rub he face . this be feel impossible . he go into the corner and click a walkie-talkie . in the background we see rusty try to keep everybody 's spirit high . rusty all right , okay . let 's not be defeatist .... what about that mirror trick that akimbo try at the -- livingston -- there 's no mirror thin enough to avoid trip the laser . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 87 . 134 continued : 134 in the foreground , Danny on the walkie-talkie . danny what 's he do now ? virgil ( radio v.o. ) nothing . just read the papers at acafe . oh , no , wait . a woman just sit down next to he .... he 's get she phone number . turk ( radio v.o. ) wow . what be that ? virgil ( radio v.o. ) Jimmy chu. turk ( radio v.o. ) I have never see that color . danny ( into walkie ) okay , take it easy over there . saul and linus enter . danny what happen ? linus put he backpack down . linus we think someone be follow we . saul we give ‘em the shake . caught ‘em napping . 135 int . captain giordano 's office -- day 135 isabel be asleep on the couch . it 's 5:30 pm . a hand tap she shoulder . she wake up and be shocked to see Captain giordano , finally , stand above she . subordinate officer ( do the introduction ) Captain giordano , Rome Police special investigation . isabel lahiri , europol , Major theft Task Force . ( continued ) 135 136 137 '' clown can not sleep '' 88 . continued : 135 the Captain nod . isabel look over at hess , who be still asleep . moment later 136 isabel and the Captain be alone now . giordano be look right into she eye , with laser focus . there be not even a hint of lasciviousness about he . he 's all business . isabel ... reason to believe this man ... ( lay out photo of Danny , rusty , and toulour ) .«.. be go to try to steal the coronation Egg when it be actually put on display next week . I need official authorization to surveil and pursue this suspect criminal on italian soil . captain giordano yes , absolutely . isabel and I 'il need substantial resource from you department . can I count on that ? captain giordano yes , absolutely . isabel stop . start to wonder . isabel so , Captain , what do you think of my skirt ? he smile and look at she . captain giordano I think it 's very beautiful . why , do not you like it ? ext . rome cafe -- day 137 Danny and toulour . a waiter bring they coffee , Danny spoons in a lot of sugar , then stir . ( continued ) 137 '' clown can not sleep '' 89 . continued : 137 toulour I do not usually call for a second date . for you I make a exception . danny thanks . toulour I think it 's good that we talk . you see , you should stop follow I . you be waste you time . I be go to let you go first and get catch . then they will increase the security even more , and then I will steal the Egg . then lemarc can make he decision . danny you sound confident . toulour confident ? this be a very american word . I be arrogant . there 's a difference . danny do not matter if you be that good . be you that good ? toulour I can move object with my mind . Danny just look at he . toulour you do not believe it ? danny do you ? toulour be you do stir you sugar ? Danny stop , lift the spoon . it 's completely bent . danny that 's fantastic . ( start to go ) listen , I appreciate the call , and , best of luck . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 90 . 137 continued : ( 2 ) 137 toulour Danny . I be serious . sit down , please . Danny site down and look at he . danny you be telekinetic , be that what you be tell I ? toulour yes. but ... it 's a curse . a nightmare . everything be too easy . but then lemarc say I be still not the best . so I take he challenge . and you will fail , and I will win , and so what ? what do it prove ? what be he try to show I ? Danny just look at he . 138 int . captain giordano 's office -- day 138 captain giordano Ms. lahiri , you be in Italy now . we be a sovereign nation . we be not some adjunct , some administrative district of the EU . when europol call we do not jump up and tap dance for you . if you want to work in Italy , then you have to do it under italian authority ... and that mean you have to talk to Commander andriotti ... who , I be sure , will be happy to meet with you some time next week -- isabel next week ! captain giordano -- when he return from vacation . isabel slump back into she chair . stare up to the heaven . 139 int . police headquarters in rome , hallway -- day 139 isabel and hess walk . ( continued ) 139 140 141 142 '' clown can not sleep '' 91 . continued : 139 hess he say he have to get approval from someone else and they be on sick leave . isabel vacation . hess sorry I fall asleep . isabel we both do . I be exhaust . ext . cafe just off piazza navona -- day 140 a exasperate isabel try to regain she equilibrium with a cappuccino . a piece of music come over the cafe loudspeaker that catch isabel 's attention . a cheesy wavy screen transition to : isabel's flashback 141 year ago . isabel 's sit at the very same cafe read the newspaper when she hear frantic police whistle . she look up to see a man run down the street at full bore . as he get closer we realize it 's rusty . eight cop be chase he . rusty rush past the cafe . as he do he notice isabel , they make eye contact . then he 's go . sprint around the corner . the cop rush past she . she hear siren converge from all direction . int . police headquarters ( still in flashback ) 142 isabel show she europol identification to a detective . isabel hi , this be not official business . actually , I be here on vacation . but I be sit in a cafe this afternoon , near the piazza navona and ... the police be chase someone on foot . I be just wonder if you catch he or ... do you know anything about that case ? ( continued ) 142 143 '' clown can not sleep '' 92 . continued : 142 italian detective I know the case , yes . unfortunately , we do not catch he . isabel oh ... ext . cafe just off piazza navona - day ( still flashback ) 143 isabel sit in the same seat the next day , read the newspaper , enjoy she vacation . she look up and stop cold . rusty , all clean up now , dress in a perfectly - tailore suit , sit down three table away from she . she stare at he . can not believe it . the brazenness . the audacity of this guy . rusty do not seem to have a care in the world as he chat easily with the waiter , in italian . finally , isabel just can not help herself . she get up and walk over to rusty 's table . isabel Excuse I ... rusty yes . isabel um ... do I ...? I think I see you ... yesterday . rusty oh yeah ? isabel the police be chase you . rusty you sure you eye be not break ? isabel I be quite sure it be you . rusty well , then I be not gonna argue . can I buy you a coffee ? 144 145 146 '' clown can not sleep '' 93. ext . cafe just off piazza navola -- day 144 we transition back to the cafe . isabel 's phone ring . isabel hello . rusty we have get to stop meeting like this . she turn . he 's sit at the table behind she . ext . cafe just off piazza navola -- day - later 145 isabel and rusty be be quiet for the moment . the waiter 's in the midst of a animated discussion in italian with one of the customer . isabel what be they talk about all the time ?! rusty soccer. ( translate ) he do not like naple .... think they be a bunch of ... sissy . ( turn to isabel ) can I ask you a question ? ( off isabel 's nod ) will you come to Zanzibar with I on Friday ? isabel stop it . int . rome warehouse -- day 146 Danny sleep , sit up , in a chair as the rest of the group try to figure out how to defeat the security system around they mock - up egg . the group break into applause startling Danny awake . livingston we do it ! it work ! ( continued ) 146 147 148 149 150 '' clown can not sleep '' 94 . continued : 146 danny what , what happen ? int . ornate hallway -- day 147 tight medium shot on uniform National Police officer as he stride down the hallway . his bear be discipline , stern , formal . he be clearly handle a matter of utmost importance . tilt down to reveal he be carry a tiny cup of cappuccino . int . ornate office outer office -- day 148 the National Police Officer blow through , pass hess . int . ornate office -- day 149 isabel sit with Commander andriotti . the office door swing open and the National Police officer walk in . he place the cappuccino on andriotti 's desk and leave . int . captain giordano 's office -- day 150 giordano sit with he foot up on he desk , smoking a cigar . the door swing open and isabel stride in , catch he completely off guard . she thrust a piece of paper in he face . captain giordano what 's that ? isabel a order sign by Commander andriotti instruct you to '' provide any and all support that agent lahiri request , whenever she request it . '' he look at it . captain giordano it 's good , yes . okay . he look at she . captain giordano that 's a very nice blouse you wear today . '' clown can not sleep '' 95 . 151 int . museum -- day 151 linus and the malloy walk through the museum . linus when Dominique go back with Thomas to check the trunk , the money should not be in the briefcase . Franklin should have double - cross they . virgil that could be a great moment , when he 's on the ground . turk and you think Thomas be go to get blow up . virgil hey . they look . a large group of Security people be talk to some new technician and isabel . isabel another camera here and here . and have a guard here at all time so any attempt to disable the system will be detect . all you ir device need to be fitte with reflective face otherwise a UV later can be use to burn the sensor out . 152 int . rome warehouse -- day 152 the guy look glum . linus she just walk in there like patton or something . she 's change ... everything and -- there be so many cop with she . I have never see so - — Danny plat up he hand to stop he . ( continued ) 152 153 '' clown can not sleep '' 96 . continued : 152 linus I do not understand . if she father be a thief ... why 's she such a hardass ? I mean you would think she would have a little sympathy for we . rusty when she be twelve she mother tell she that she dad get arrest do a job in Russia and die in jail . ( beat ) so I would not count on much sympathy . basher '' this time it 's personal '' . Danny look to rusty , who nod . ext . museum of modern art -- day 153 fourteen police car park in front of it . isabel stand at a police checkpoint on the road in front of the museum chat with Captain giordano , who 's clearly brown - nose she big-time since receive andriotti 's order . her phone ring . she look at the number and answer it . isabel what do you want ? rusty ( v.o. ) ever hear of overkill ? isabel I do not even think toulour can get it now . rusty if he get it , we will let you arrest we . if we get it , you come away with I to Zanzibar - - isabel what be you obsession with Zanzibar ?! rusty do you want to make the bet or not ? ( continued ) 153 154 155 156 '' clown can not sleep '' continued : isabel I be hang up . stop call I . int . HOTEL lobby -- day isabel cross to the elevator . int . isabel 's HOTEL room -- day she enter . shut the door behind she . then , start balling . int . rome warehouse -- day Danny and rusty stand with Livingston . livingston I be tell you , with everything she 's do in the last twenty - four hour ... unless you happen to be best friend with the head of security at the museum , unless you be someone he know and trust enough to leave alone in the gallery , after disable about half of they security system , forget it . we be not steal that egg ... danny '' someone he know . someone he trust .... '' '' someone he know .... '' rusty what about someone he do not know but trust ? danny for instance ? rusty I be talk about you know who , who look a awful lot like you know who ... everyone look at Danny . 97 . 153 154 155 instantly , 156 ( continued ) 156 157 158 159 160 161 '' clown can not sleep '' 98 . continued : 156 danny she might . it 's not go to be easy get she over here . ext . department store -- day 157 tess walk down the street . she pass a alley , where a utility truck be raise a man in a bucket . she enter the department store . int . department store -- day 158 tess shop for perfume . the power twin watch she from a discreet distance . she smile at they . then make she way to the lady room . int . lady room -- day 159 she walk in and go right for the window . she 's about to open it when it open from outside . she jump a mile until she see that bruiser be there , stand in the bucket from the utility company . bruiser hiya , tess . just climb on through . try not to look down too much . ext . department store -- day 160 four storey above a alleyway . tess climb out the lady room window into the cherry picker basket , with bruiser 's help . ext . STREET level -- a minute later 161 tess climb into a taxi cab . reuben -- in a anachronistic taxi driver 's uniform -- be drive . reuben there 's make - up in the bag there . and some photo . do the best you can . 162 163 '' clown can not sleep '' 99 . int . the poshest rome HOTEL -- day 162 the HOTEL manager come to the front desk to answer a call . HOTEL manager bonjourno . yes . yes . oh ...oh , really . well , absolutely . we can have ... I can make we presidential suite available . no , no , no . no trouble at all . we have love ... we be honore that she have think of we ... he hang up . turn , elate , to he front desk staff . HOTEL manager ( subtitled ) Julia Roberts be come to stay with we ! ext . poshest rome HOTEL -- day 163 tess , as Julia Roberts , step out of a mercede limo wear sunglass and carry a puppy . Frank and basher , as Nation of Islam bodyguard , clear a place in front of she . reuben trail , dress in the latest hip - hop clothes . a throng of fan and paparazzi rush toward she . strobe blind we . fan scream out she name , thrust paper and pen at she for autograph . it 's a frigging madhouse . PRESS Ms. Roberts ! Ms. Roberts ! why do you come back to Rome so soon !! tess I ...uh ... PRESS be it to see topher ? tess to see what ? PRESS topher Grace !! you co-star !! be that why you be here ?! tess oh. no . I come to -- to see the - - ( continued ) 163 164 '' clown can not sleep '' 100 . continued : 163 PRESS where 's Danny ? tess what ? PRESS Danny , you husband !! tess ( look to reuben ) well , he 's not really -- reuben Ms. Roberts be very tired !! please let she through ! please ! int . presidential suite -- day 164 tess enter and shut the door behind she . she take a deep breath and exhales . she look up at Danny , who 's there wait for she . tess I can not do this . Danny go to she . kiss she . hug she . when he step back he answer : danny yes , you can . tess I be not a actress , Danny ! and I do not look like she ! danny you do , tess . you really do . I never tell you that before , but it 's true . tess come on : my ... she notion at she body , but we can not tell what part . tess and my ... she motion at she body again ; again it 's totally ambiguous what part . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 101 . 164 continued : 164 tess and my ear . anybody who see my ear be go to know instantly . danny nobody 's look at you ear . tess yes , Danny , they be . they be go to know . 165 int . display room for egg -- museum of modern art -- day 165 isabel stand with the museum director . isabel when do that happen ? museum director we just find out . I arrange a private show for tomorrow morning before we open the show to the public . isabel I do not understand , why do you have to disable any of the system -- museum director because she might want to get close to the egg , get right up here and look at it . and I be not go to embarrass myself or this institution by tell she she can not . isabel she 's a actress , Giovanni , not the Pope . museum director do you realize how much free publicity we will get for this museum , just because she because she decide to come by and look at the egg ? she 's even agree to do a photo shoot for we promote the museum . isabel give a exasperate sigh . ( continued ) 165 166 167 '' clown can not sleep '' 102 . continued : 165 isabel that 's exactly the sort of thing ... intercut -- int . warehouse -- day 166 saul , Frank , and rusty sit on plush couch and watch isabel 's conversation with the museum director from six different angle . clearly , Livingston have tapped into the museum 's close circuit system . isabel ( television v.o. ) ... that the people I be after will exploit . ( think ) okay , fine . you want to shut down half the electronic system , let I post eight cop in the room ... saul , Frank , and rusty clench tooth and fist ... on pin and needle for a moment . if the museum director agree they be in big trouble . museum director ( television v.o. ) be you crazy ? that 's worse than .... you want I to treat she like a criminal ? the guy relax back into the couch , they plan narrowly have escape disaster . another angle 167 on saul , Frank , and rusty relax . only this angle have a digital quality to it -- because we be watch they now through a hi-def tv screen . pull back to reveal toulour , sit in a warehouse of he own , watch he own surveillance footage of both we quy 's warehouse and the museum 's close circuit system . museum director ( television v.o. ) look , if you need to do something to reinforce security during she visit , fine . but it 's get to be out of sight . and it can not effect Julia in any way . be we clear ? 168 '' clown can not sleep '' 103 . int . rome bistro -- day 168 toulour eat with a beautiful woman . Virgil sit six table away , keep a eye on he . Turk stroll in and sit with he brother . turk where be he ? virgil ( point at toulour ) there . I take a look at the interrogation scene . turk why ? virgil ' Cause linus say it be repetitive . turk it clarifies everything . virgil he say it 's too on the nose . turk what 's he , the head of the studio ? what 's he ever write ? virgil he 's just say -- oh , no -- turk what ? virgil it 's not he ! Turk spine to see '' toulour '' get up at the other table . only it 's not toulour . it 's somebody who look like toulour from behind . turk what ! how do you -- you moron ! you say you be watch he the whole time ! ( continued ) 168 169 170 171 '' clown can not sleep '' 104 . continued : 168 virgil I be ! I mean , I use the bathroom once , but it be quick . you lose he yesterday ! they sit for a minute . turk Livingston say Frank say that rusty say that Danny say toulour say do not ever bother follow he . int . rusty 's HOTEL room -- night 169 on rusty -- the blue light of a unseen television reflect off he face . he walk onto the balcony . wavy transition to flashback : 170 we follow rusty down a hallway . he enter a dark apartment . slip silently through the dining room . two place be set . a candle on the table be burn down to almost nothing . int . bedroom -- night 171 the light be out here too . but isabel 's still awake . rusty enter the room . she do not look at he rusty I be sorry . isabel what happen ? rusty I have to go . right now . I have to leave the country . it could be a while . a month . maybe more . isabel turn to look at rusty . she can barely see the outline of he face in the darkness . isabel what be you say ? what the hell be you say ? where be you go ? ( continued ) 171 172 '' clown can not sleep '' 105 . continued : 171 rusty I can not tell you . isabel stare at he dark face . isabel when people start talk the way you be talk there be only two possibility : you be either in intelligence or you be a criminal . and no one I work with have ever work with you ... or even know you name . rusty you know what I be the day you meet I , isabel . isabel Robert ... rusty we can talk about it when I get back . isabel no , Robert . I have to tell you something . rusty what be it ? isabel I be take the job . I be move to Amsterdam . he do not respond for a moment . rusty I can not have this conversation right now . please , isabel . I have to get out of here . I love you . he kiss she then leave . ext . apartment -- night 172 outside the front of the apartment , he shut the door and turn toward we . we see he face in the light for the first time : his leave eye be swollen shut . blood be cake into he hair and on he cheek . somebody beat the shit out of he . 173 174 '' clown can not sleep '' 106 . back in the present day 173 rusty be still on the balcony . there 's a ext . rome rusty and knock at the door . he open it to see isabel . isabel you want to walk ? -- night 174 isabel sit on the step of the campidoglio . isabel I know how you be plan to do it . I know Julia 's visit be the key . rusty who 's Julia ? isabel ( after a beat ) lemarc know when to get out . he just gquit ... with he perfect record intact . now he 's a legend . ( exhort ) do not do this . rusty lemarc quit because he be 75 year old , isabel . he be tired . his doctor tell he if he do not start take it easy he be go to have another heart attack . you be dramatize it . isabel you do not know why lemarc retire , any better than I do . you have no idea . rusty actually , I do . I know exactly why . isabel really ? how 's that ? ( continued ) 174 '' clown can not sleep '' 107 . continued : 174 rusty he tell I . isabel ( skeptical as hell ) you know lemarc ? rusty a little . isabel since when ? rusty ten year ago . isabel for how long ? rusty for six month . isabel you -- she 's so mad she can hardly speak . isabel you know lemarc ? you know lemarc and never tell I ? that 's the worst thing you have ever do to I . nobody know more about lemarc than I . how could you do that ? rusty I could not tell you , then . isabel really awful . isabel think . isabel then why be not you as good as toulour ? rusty shrug . a beat . ( continued ) 174 175 176 177 '' clown can not sleep '' 108 . continued : ( 2 ) 174 isabel I do not want to arrest you , Robert . I really do not . but I will if you make I . I will if you go for that egg . rusty go silent , look out at the light of the city . isabel so many time , I wait . you can not do that to a person . rusty isabel -- isabel I have to go . isabel get up ... walk away fast . she 's barely hold herself together . rusty watch she go . several second , then : flashback -- int . apartment build -- rome -- day 175 rusty carry a huge bouquet of flower up the stair to the front door of he apartment with isabel . it 's a perfect sunny day outside . he unlock the door quietly and swing it open to see the apartment be bare . the furniture be still there . but nothing else . nothing on the wall or the shelf . isabel have clearly move out . rusty 's whole body react .... he slowly look around he , as if in a dream . his eye go to the dining room table . isabel 's engagement ring be there . back to scene -- ext . rome -- campidoglio -- night 176 rusty be still watch isabel , small now in the distance . she turn the corner out of sight . ext . museum of modern art -- dawn 177 isabel pull up in she car . 178 179 180 '' clown can not sleep '' 109 . int . museum of modern art -- dawn 178 the Egg be be put into position . isabel watch . int . HOTEL suite -- dawn 179 reuben be talk to yen . Frank and Livingston get ready in the background . reuben you be a photographer . very exact . you want thing a certain way , but you never raise you voice . you be uncompromising . strong . frank reuben , what be you do ? reuben oh , we understand each other . I be mean , the actual word be gibberish to I , but I know what he mean . there 's a tone , you know . we communicate . I be sure he have tell you the same thing . ( to yen ) be I right ? yen say something in chinese . int . HOTEL suite -- dawn 180 Danny and the malloy be look at tess 's hair . turk I say we do a joey heatherton , 1971 . virgil it 's the wrong color . Turk look at he watch . turk damn . there 's a knock at the door . they let tess check on it . she look out the keyhole ; ( continued ) 180 '' clown can not sleep '' 110 . continued : 180 it 's topher grace . tess look back to the group and shrug . topher ( off ) hello ? he knock again . the group scramble and hide . tess open the door . topher hey ! I get you room number from mccormick , I hope you do not mind . he walk in and hug she . she look terrify . topher disengage and look around . topher this be great . do you have the adjoin room ? tess uh , no . topher oh . hey . I see the rough cut of you always , you never . it 's so awesome . congratulation . tess oh. thank you . topher it be just like a dub of a lo-rez output , but I could totally see what you be do . I think you might win again . seriously . tess oh. topher it really actually look like you be blind . how do you do that ? what be it like , a on - set thing , or be it digital ? tess it be , uh ... ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 111 . 180 continued : ( 2 ) 180 topher you can tell I , I will not tell a soul . because if you say it 's instinctual , I be quit right now . seriously . the way you parte you hair ? that be so connect . and that scene with the match ? and when you find out who you real grandmother be and run through the rain and find she on the porch and touch she face ? man , that be ... you gotta tell Steven how much I love it . tess okay . topher so what be you do ? tess I be , uh , get ready to go out ... topher ( laugh ) I mean next . what movie be you do next ? tess I ... I be have trouble decide what to do next . topher be Danny work ? tess Danny ... Danny be ... Danny be ... topher oh , no . be something wrong ? have you two ... tess no , no ... topher I be so sorry . I be so sorry . tess no. we be absolutely fine , he 's just -- ( continued ) 180 181 '' clown can not sleep '' 112 . continued : ( 3 ) 180 topher I have get to stop ask people about they spouse , it 's like always a mistake -- tess no , really -- topher listen , I will not say a word . seriously . I be root for you guy , you know that . this be you private business and I totally respect that . no more Danny question from I . tess thank you . he 's fine . Danny 's fine . he 's work . topher hey , cool , whatever . that 's what I will say . a beat . topher so can I come look at that Egg with you ? int . museum -- entry hall -- day 181 reuben ( dress in a hip - hop outfit ) and linus ( dress like a agent ) stand in front of some paparazzi . a crowd of museum employee also rubberneck . reuben my name be Stuart feldman , worldwide executive senior vice - President of Marketing , corporate senior vice - President of publicity and corporate International executive worldwide President of promotion for the Warner Brothers motion picture company . ( indicate ) my colleague , grant Wells , who be responsible for Ms. Roberts itinerary , have graciously set aside time for Ms. Roberts to view the coronation Egg privately . 182 183 184 185 '' clown can not sleep '' 113 . int . security room 182 isabel , the Security director , and Captain giordano sit with four cop watch a bank of close circuit screen . isabel I want to be on record as say that you should have shut the entire museum down . isabel keep she eye on the tourist who circulate through the other wing of the museum . int . museum -- entry hall -- day 183 '' Julia '' arrive flanke by she '' Nation of Islam '' guard , Frank and basher . the assemble employee clap and call she name . she wave as they take she picture . topher throw he arm around Julia to make sure he get in all the shot . the Museum director come up to greet '' Julia '' . int . security room 184 isabel watch the security camera feed . isabel there ! right there ! isabel point at a screen show the museum 's other entrance . rusty nonchalantly slip into the museum . int . gallery containing the coronation egg -- day 185 '' Julia '' enter and walk up to the egg . her entourage follow . tess it 's so beautiful . my god. topher look at the egg -- topher kinda small . he turn away to look a cute girl on the museum staff . ( continued ) 185 186 187 '' clown can not sleep '' 114 . continued : 185 topher hi. back on '' julia '' she lean in close to the egg . tess I be not go to set off any alarm ? museum director no. no . get as close as you like . reuben pop he head in between they . reuben ( obsequious ) Julia -- unless you have any objection -- Wen and he crew set up for the publicity still . int . another part of the museum -- day 186 rusty ponder a painting like college student try to impress he art history professor . finally he move on , into another gallery . pan to reveal nine uniform cop trail behind he . int . gallery containing the coronation egg -- day 187 yen enter frame -- dress like a pretentious grunge rocker . he whisper chinese into a bullhorn . theoretically he 's speak to he crew ( Danny , saul , and Livingston in lame disguise ) tell they where to set up the camera , light , and flag . each '' crew member '' carry a odd - look oversize '' light meter '' . upon closer examination we can see that each device have a small tv screen on it -- which be tapped into the museum 's close circuit system . the guy be carefully place they flag and light so as to block the view of the egg from each of the eight camera on the ceiling of the gallery . '' Studio execs , '' reuben and linus go to '' Julia . '' ( continued ) 187 188 189 '' clown can not sleep '' 115 . continued : 187 reuben I be think maybe we could get you and topher into some '' you always you never '' hat and t-shirt for the shoot -- tess that 's stupid . reuben ( instant reversal ) so stupid ! ( turn to linus as if it 's he idea ) idiot . ( gingerly ) maybe we could put some poster in the background -- tess I do not think we want to be so obvious -- reuben I completely agree ! ( to linus ) stop try to turn this into some sort of stunt . int . other part of museum 188 isabel strut up to rusty . isabel this be not go to work . rusty I do not know what you be talk about . int . gallery containing the coronation egg -- day 189 yen stand on two apple box to shoot photo of '' Julia '' and topher . '' Julia '' look ridiculously stiff and keep put she hand up to block she ear . topher keep shoot glance at Danny , who be move around flag and light , ostensibly in accordance with yen 's chinese language order . ( continued ) 189 190 '' clown can not sleep '' 116 . continued : 189 Julia see topher 's expression -- he recognize Danny from somewhere ... julia okay , thanks everybody . thank you so much . she start to walk out . topher shrug and follow she . int . museum hallway -- day 190 Julia and she entourage barrel down the hallway . topher catch up . topher hey , J ro , why the quick exit ? tess I ...uh , I have to take some pill . aspirin . I get headache . topher yeah , well , with everything thing you have be go through I can see how you have need something . tess they be just aspirin . topher right . I have never take aspirin in my life , ever . can you believe that ? tess that 's amazing . topher for I , it 's like a control thing . tess well , with aspirin ... it 's very beneficial . topher oh , yeah . I be sure . they be interrupt by the sound of piercing siren and clanging bell -- all manner of alarm come from the gallery contain the egg . ( continued ) 190 191 192 193 '' clown can not sleep '' 117 . continued : 190 tess rush back to the gallery just in time to see police officer pin Danny and he entire crew on the floor and against wall and start handcuff they . she freeze . can not move .... her bodyguard ( Frank and basher ) grab she and move she quickly out of the area . ext . rome police headquarters -- day 191 Three massive Ford excursion suv 's with diplomatic plate double park out front , completely block the flow of traffic on the narrow street . eight FBI agent climb out of they behemoth and walk inside like they own the place . the boss be a 55 year - old agent name molly starr . int . lobby -- day 192 Molly Starr step inside with she posse . she pull out she badge and hang it around she neck . agent molly starr who 's in charge ? isabel and Captain giordano look at she and she team with obvious trepidation . isabel ( tentative ) I be . captain giordano ( smell trouble ) she be . Molly give a slight nod to one of she lackey . he thrust a official - look paper at isabel . int . '' observation " hallway -- day 193 Molly swagger down a hallway , follow by isabel and giordano . she stop at a observation window and look through it to see Danny , who be handcuff to a chair , await interrogation . his expression be impassive . she move on to the next window : yen . same impassive expression . she continue down the line , reuben , Livingston , and saul . each have the same impassive expression . through the final window she see linus ... ( continued ) 193 194 '' clown can not sleep '' 118 . continued : 193 he 's nervously tapping he foot . Molly smile sadistically . agent molly starr oh , yeah ... I x11 start with he . int . interrogation room -- day 194 Molly sit face - to- face with linus . isabel and Captain giordano stand in the corner and observe . agent molly starr when people think of Italy they think of food , wine , the Renaissance . they do not realize Italy have the scariest prison in the civilized world . you know why ? they be all leftover from the Middle Ages . they be worse than dirty ; they be damp . they be like cave . linus can not look she in the eye . agent molly starr ( cont would ) I be the only hope you have get . linus what do you want ? agent molly starr testify against the other in the benedict case . linus I can not do that . agent molly starr sure you can . you will get a year , maybe two . the italian charge will be drop . you and the other will be extradite to the US this afternoon . a long beat . agent molly starr think about that prison . think about live there for twenty year , get out when you be fifty . what a catch you ’l1l be . 195 196 197 198 '' clown can not sleep '' 119 . ext . / int . FBI suv -- day 195 linus be bundle into the back of the suv . agent Starr get in next to he . she motion to the driver . they pull out . ext . police station -- day 196 agent Starr 's suv be follow by three other suv 's and escort by two Rome Police car . int . FBI suv -- day 197 linus stare morosely at the headrest in front of he . a long , long beat ... then he turn to agent Starr : linus do you tell dad ? before '' agent Starr '' answer the agent in the passenger seat turn around . it 's clint eastwood . clint of course she do . we be marry , for God 's sake . int . HOTEL suite -- day 198 tess wait . a key sound in the door , and she be on she foot . she reach Danny before he 's all the way in the room . she kiss he , then remember she 's mad at he . tess why do not you tell I ? danny I could not . tess why not ? danny because you be not a actress . you would not have be so real . ( continued ) 198 199 '' clown can not sleep '' 120 . continued : 198 tess I think you be go to jail . danny I be not go to jail . a beat . tess so you do not think I be a good actress . danny you be a terrible liar . tess I be a good liar . danny where do benedict find you ? tess he ... danny at you parent 's house . tess that be ... okay , so I be not a good liar . so what . you be good enough for both of we . danny exactly . ext . ciampino airport -- day 199 the motorcade of FBI suv 's pull through the security gate and drive toward a US government gulfstream park on the flight line . isabel watch with Captain giordino and Commander andriotti . linus , saul , yen , Livingston and reuben get out of the suv , all of they beam . they hug linus 's mom and dad and mount the step to the plane . then rusty get out , say goodbye to everyone , and head for isabel . isabel ( eye go wide ) what the -- oh my God ! ( more ) ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 121 . 199 continued : 199 isabel ( cont would ) ( spin to giordano ) call the tower ! do not let that plane take off ! giordano stare blankly at she . but he do not move . isabel ( cont would ) do something ! do you realize what 's happen ?! do you understand what 's go on ?! captain giordano ( deadpan ) yes , absolutely . isabel blink . it take a second to hit she . rusty approach . rusty guy . get on there before they leave without you . thanks . captain giordano ( speak like a american ) hey , no problem . good see you , man . andriotti take care . see you back home . rusty thanks , scooter . isabel be dumbstruck . 200 ext . toulour 's villa -- day 200 toulour pull up in a Ferrari . his butler get the door for he . butler how be Rome , air ? toulour answer by hand a small velvet bag to he butler ( a bag just big enough to hold the coronation egg ) . toulour put this in the safe , would you ? ( continued ) 200 201 '' clown can not sleep '' 122 . continued : 200 butler of course , sir . you guest be on the veranda . toulour guest ? ext . ciampino airport -- day 201 isabel watch as the '' US government '' gulfstream contain all the member of rusty 's crew that she arrest at the museum taxi down the runway and become airborne . she turn to rusty . isabel I hate you . rusty I love you . isabel this will ruin I . rusty no , it will not . not if you come to Zanzibar . isabel what be it with Zanzibar ? rusty it 's where lemarc be . rusty point nearby at another private plane . the pilot have just open the door and put the stair down . rusty that one 's ours . we can be there in three hour . a beat . rusty do not you want to meet he ? he want to meet you . isabel you be ask I to turn my back on my whole life . ( continued ) 201 202 '' clown can not sleep '' 123 . continued : 201 rusty would you miss it ? isabel I be aocop . that 's who I be . rusty you be only a cop because you father be a thief . isabel who die in a Russian jail . rusty accord to you mother . isabel what do that mean ? rusty it mean you should meet lemarc . ext . veranda -- day 202 toulour walk out to find Danny and tess chomping on gourmet nut and sip he special reserve brandy . toulour ( to Danny ) let I guess , you decide you do want to give my lawyer a call . but you lose he card . toulour hold out another card to Danny . danny no , nothing like that . we just come to collect we money . toulour not only do you fail , half of you crew get pinch ! you plan be not good . ( to tess ) and you do not look anything like Julia Roberts ! I mean you ... ( motion ambiguously to she body ) .«.. and you ... ( another ambiguous motion ) ... and you ear . ( continued ) 202 203 204 205 206 '' clown can not sleep '' 124 . continued : 202 toulour stop . Danny and tess just look at he . something about they demeanor be troubling . namely , that they look completely untrouble . toulour oh , no . you steal it on the way to Rome do not you ? I steal a replica . ext . paris build -- day 203 a repeat of the shot of the SMALL , secure BOX be take to a truck . the truck move out of the garage and on to the street as before . this time the shot continue over to a door on the side of the building . a young kid emerge with a backpack over he shoulder . ext . paris STREET -- day 204 the backpack kid pass another guy , a normal - looking guy , who , after a beat , follow backpack kid . int . paris train station -- day 205 the backpack kid , follow by normal - look guy , walk through the terminal and get in line . we swing over to see normal look guy # 2 look at they . int . train -- day 206 in motion . we start on the backpack kid , who be read a book . the backpack be beneath he leg . next to he sit linus . across from he be one of the normal -look guy . the other normal - look guy be a row away , face he . linus look at the door of the car . saul be make he way through the door . he look drunk . linus look down at he copy of the french fhm . saul ( continued ) 206 207 208 '' clown can not sleep '' 125 . continued : 206 get close and closer to linus and the backpack kid . linus put he magazine away . saul be almost to linus 's row , he stumble a little , almost fall . then , with a loud whoosh the train go completely dark . it 's go into a tunnel . we hear saul 's voice cry out . in a few second , the train exit the tunnel and the light come back on . saul have fall into the lap of the backpack kid . linus and the normal - look guy try to help he up . he stumble onward and collapse into a vacant seat . linus ( in french ) he 's completely drunk . the backpack kid nod he head . linus go back to he book . we drop down to see he backpack also beneath he foot . int . train station rome , italy -- day 207 linus walk through the terminal , backpack over he shoulder . suddenly he stop and kneel to tie he shoelace . saul , see this and reacting , split off into another direction . int . warehouse -- day 208 linus and saul approach the group . danny what happen ? linus put he backpack down . linus we think someone be follow we . 209 210 211 '' clown can not sleep '' 126 . back to toulour on veranda - day 209 toulour but that mean you know what to steal before lemarc propose that I challenge you for it . that mean ... int . rusty 's garage -- day 210 the image from the beginning of the film , with rusty watch the boil cask . he 's talk on the phone . rusty gaspar , it 's rusty . how be you ? and this time we see what be be work on : a perfect replica of the coronation egg . in the warehouse in NYC , we see Danny and rusty '' argue '' , but from a different angle . they be smile as they yell : danny I ’m telling you it 's a death sentence ! rusty fine , then stay here ! back to toulour on veranda - day 211 toulour lemarc tell you . of course . he look deflate . it 's probably just occur to he that he 's never lose before . he sit down . toulour to teach I . he be silent . tess indicate to Danny that they should leave . Danny nod , and they rise . ( continued ) 211 212 213 214 '' clown can not sleep '' 127 . continued : 211 danny well , we ’1ll be in touch to make all the arrangement . toulour no . do not go . please . toulour get up . toulour you be my guest . I will celebrate you victory . besides , you may have notice , I do not like to be alone . ext . veranda -- later 212 they be toast champagne . toulour I be feel more french by the minute . to my first depression . int . taxi -- day 213 saul and basher ride to the airport . basher so I think if you really analyze it , you can see that it 's inevitable . it 's time for we to evolve , en masse . I have to help bring that about whatever way I can , you know . otherwise , the trajectory be fix . you know what I be say ? saul mmm. yes . but I be through evolve , I think . it 's too tiring . I feel pretty evolve . you know , consider . int . airport -- day 214 Frank and yen buy magazine . yen have a copy of a italian tabloid . the headline scream CO - STAR say julia MARRIAGE in trouble . a sub-headline read her addiction to painkillers be ripping they apart . 215 '' clown can not sleep '' 128. int . airplane -- night 215 in first class . basher and saul tip champagne glass . Virgil , Turk , and linus all crack open copy of they story to read . turk I have get a idea for another Dominique story . virgil can we finish this one first ? turk just let I tell it to you . virgil no . turk it 's like three sentence . virgil I be serious ; you be ask too much . Virgil put on he headset . Turk lean over to linus and begin to speak . linus , read , hold he finger up . yen read a magazine . reuben glance at it . reuben May I look at that when you be through with it ? yen say something . it would seem he be okay with that . Livingston speak into he voice recorder . livingston ( try to be dispassionate ) all in all , it be depressingly familiar . the force camaraderie , the hollow smile . scare to take a moment 's reflection . scare to imagine a different life . we behave like boy . ( beat , he choke ) but ... ( continued ) 129 . 215 '' clown can not sleep '' 215 continued : he begin to weep , quietly , but very quickly regains he composure . livingston I be Livingston dell . thanks for listen . 216 ext . villa -- night 216 tess and Danny enjoy the sunrise . tess when do you want to go back ? danny feel like travel ? tess yeah . do not you ? danny yeah . toulour enter with the last beautiful woman in tow . toulour tess. Danny . this be monica bellucci . and indeed it be . monica hello . tess & danny hello . toulour we be think of take a trip to the state . take a look around . we would love to meet some of you friend while we be there . actually , one friend in particular . 217 ext . sky over zanzibar -- day 217 we follow the gulfstream jet . 218 219 220 221 '' clown can not sleep '' 130 . int . jet -- day 218 isabel look out the window . rusty watch she , she look over at he , then back out the window . ext . beach house -- day 219 stun . classic . rusty and isabel pull up . he take she hand and lead she inside . int . beach house -- day 220 rusty and isabel walk through the house . rusty there he be . rusty indicate the back porch . a figure sit in a lounge chair , read a book . this be lemarc . rusty ( cont would ) gaspar ! isabel gaspar ? that be my fa -- isabel look to the porch just as le marc , she father , turn to face she . she go to he and they embrace . isabel ( cont would ) daddy . lemarc look to rusty . rusty salute , make a drink gesture and head for the kitchen . the sound of a jet take we to a globe 221 as we rotate from toulour 's villa to las vega , nevada CUT to : '' clown can not sleep '' 131 . 222 establishing shot 222 of the bellagio hotel . cut to 223 a receipt 223 for a wire transfer of $ 191,507,067.37 into the account of TB enterprise . description : '' repayment of personal loan '' . 224 terry benedict 224 stare at this receipt . he look up . reuben be opposite he . they be both be serve for lunch by a jacketed waiter , whose face be continually obscure . reuben that 's the exact figure , I be pretty sure . benedict yes . reuben so we be clean ? benedict you want it in write ? reuben I 'il take you word . benedict you be clean . reuben this grudge , they be awful . nobody wine . benedict as soon as someone retaliate , the situation be out of control . ( continued ) '' clown can not sleep '' 132 . 224 continued : 224 reuben this way , there 's no need for retaliation . why would there be ? benedict there 's plenty for everyone . reuben more than plenty . it 's just a matter of share . benedict share be good . reuben it be . waiter ? can I get sparkling water ? it 's good for my acid reflux . waiter ( off ) of course . the waiter turn toward the bar and we see now that he be francois toulour . he 's wear a stripe tulip in he waiter 's jacket . CUT to black the end