ocean' EIGHT olivia milch & Gary Ross July 25 , 2016 ext . nichol women 's prison - day early spring , sparse moment of green against the sterile grey of the correctional facility . strain against the bleakness , small flower start to bloom . the gate clank open . debbie ocean , 40' , impossibly chic for have just do a stint in the slammer -- suit press , hair shiny , strut out . her gait suggest a unpleasant if not untenable sojourn . she greet the world as if it have be wait for she , allow herself a moment of digestion -- she posture relax , she exhales , she close she eye . she hear before she see the wait engine of a classic mercede , ' 55 , baby Blue . linus ( Matt damon ) drape a single hand on the steering wheel but it 's a force nonchalance that could never come close to its owner . Danny Ocean lite . linus Deb ... Debbie keep walk . he cruise up next to she . linus ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? debbie ( without look back ) I have $ 35 linus , I can go wherever I want . linus I ' 1l give you a ride . debbie ( slow / turn ) he leave you he car ? linus no. well -- he know I love it ... debbie that 's not the same thing . linus ( seriously / intone ) he would have want I to drive it . she roll she eye . hot day . Long way to walk . Deb slow . so do linus . he revs the car in neutral . debbie do not do that , ok . linus sure . she cross to the passenger 's side and climb in . int . car - drive - ten minute later debbie when 's the funeral ? linus tomorrow at noon . debbie where ? linus really nice place ... ( off she look ) queen . linus change lane . start move over toward the right ... debbie where be you go ? linus I - 95 . debbie why ? linus we think -- it might be a good idea to see you folk . debbie who think ? linus you know ... debbie eleven of you ? linus ten. rusty 's in England . Debbie reach out and jerk the wheel crossing two lane of traffic . they head toward New York . linus ( cont 'd ) that be -- dangerous ! debbie we be go to Manhattan . linus they be not gonna like that . debbie anything else '' they '' want ? linus as a matter of fact ... he do not finish . know he spill too much . Deb turn . nod . debbie what ? linus saul want to tell you . debbie goddammit , linus . linus he leave you a note . debbie Danny do ? debbie ( cont ’d ) let I see it . linus well that 's just it . in the confusion with he '' pass , '' and clear out the '' effect '' cause we be the one who have to deal with the '' effect ... '' debbie where 's the note ? linus we be not sure . debbie you lose it ? linus it all turn up . debbie you lose my dead brother 's note to I . linus I know what it say . pause . linus ( cont 'd ) it say he do not want you to do it . debbie do what ? linus the job . debbie you know about that ? linus well not exactly . but the way he be talk , it sound pretty clear ... debbie Jesus Christ . linus he be worried about you Deb . he do not want you to go back to -- you know ... they have come to a stop on the George Washington Bridge and all at once , Deb fling OPEN the door . she step out into bumper to bumper traffic head toward Manhattan , leave linus stick in the car . linus ( cont 'd ) deb. wait . please ! CUT to : ext . new york CITY - afternoon teeming city life . blur and shock of color . saul leiter come to life in a modern context . int . bergdorf 's - day Debbie peruse , approach the cosmetics counter . the salesperson be consume with a costumer . Debbie subtly grab a few bottle of face cream and continue look , develop a air of impatience . once the salesperson finish -- debbie Excuse I -- I have like to return this . salesperson of course . do you have you receipt ? debbie ( demonstrate ) no but they be unopen , have not be touch -- salesperson I can not accept a return without a receipt -- debbie they be seal , brand new -- salesperson I understand but we have a strict return policy and cannot accept -- debbie this be ridiculous . I buy they a week ago . salesperson ma ’am -- I need a receipt . debbie Fine . I will keep they . Jesus . can I at least get a bag to carry it all ? as the salesperson hand she a bag with a curt smile -- CUT to : ext . plaza HOTEL - later Debbie approach with a bergdorf 's bag full of product -- bubble bath , face cream , lotion -- wear a obviously steal pair of sunglass . int . plaza HOTEL - lobby a buzz around the reception desk . a clerk be check out a couple in they early forty . they have roll luggage and computer case . HOTEL guest we be check out of room 2814 . jeffery crandall . different angle around the corner at reception desk , Debbie lurk pretend to read a brochure . front desk certainly , Mr. crandall . we hope you have a pleasant stay . HOTEL guest terrific . front desk my name be monica . if there 's anything else I can do or arrange transportation ... HOTEL guest I think we be all set . front desk ( hand he the receipt ) thank you for stay with we . Debbie glance up as ... the couple wheel they luggage toward the door . ext . sidewalk the crandall 's climb into a uber head toward JFK . int . lobby Debbie lounge back in a large overstuff chair . debbie ( into the phone ) hi , this be Mrs. crandall , we just check out of 2814 . can I speak to monica , please ? ( beat ) oh , hi monica -- thanks so much . something have come up and we be go to need the room another night . ( a beat ) oh , bless you . we be just go to grab quick bite . could you get the may in there now ? ( beat ) thanks . int . hallway - plaza - continuous CUT to : the elevator door open . Debbie step out , spot the may 's cart . bingo . she head off toward 2814 . int . HOTEL room - plaza —- continuous the maid fix pillow . she look up as Debbie enter . debbie hi. sorry . can you just finish this later ? I have just get to get off my foot . maid of course . sorry . she gather the rest of she thing and hurry toward the door . debbie wait . she cross to the maid cart and grab a handful of chocolate . int . bathroom - HOTEL room - plaza - later Debbie luxuriate in a bath with all of New York out a huge picture window beside she . the light glisten . the plane glide by . she sink a little lower in the warm water . close she eye ... CUT to : int . trendy club . night cate late 30 's , dress in all black at a landing , hover above she club . it 's pack with kid and sweat . she glance over at the bar . a female bartender be pour grey Goose into a tumbler . she catch Cate 's eye who shake she head . the woman , chastise , replace the grey Goose and grab a bottle of well vodka ... moving with cate she scan the floor : hormone and sweat . in the far corner lebron James be tower above the throng , dance . Cate descend the stair and cross to one of she '' bottle Girls . '' cate do you get he yet ? bottle girl no . I will . Cate look at she with judgement : " C ’mon . '' the girl grab she cell phone hurry across the floor . cate wander toward the back of the club and spot a girl smoking in the doorway to the alley . she cross to she and the girl immediately drop she cigarette , grind it out on the ground . cate on a break ? smoker yeah . cate how 's the line ? smoker it 's pretty good . cate be it down the block ? smoker ( bust ) not quite . cate you know I need a long line right ? smoker sorry . I just get cold . cate here . take this . she remove she scarf , wrap it around the girl 's neck then smile . it 's a '' get - the fuck - out - there smile , '' but still a smile . smoker thanks . across the club ... lebron be seriously into the music when the bottle girl come up and try to take a selfie . ( the height differential be problematic . ) he squat lower and extend the camera ... cate ... watch it . cate ( to she bouncer ) make sure she push that out now . bouncer hashtag ? cate how bout we address . and she be moving again , this time toward the VIP area where a young man be hold court with three woman and a bottle of dom . heavily tatted and well tone . Cate glare -- he look up ... luis ( beat ) they say I could . cate who ? luis the guy at the door . cate instead of buy - off my doorman why do not you pay you bill from last time ? luis ( scared ) ok. cate ok . she turn to leave and get a text . Cate glance down while she walk . insert . cell phone text message : from jlbrd : '' where be the fkng cemetery ? 12 o'clock ? '' she smile walk away ... int . plaza HOTEL suite - morning Debbie wake up to see Manhattan do the same out she window . Dawn break over the skyline as she rise , stretch , and take in the view -- she first good night 's sleep in four year . CUT to : bergdorf 's she enter the same revolve door as she do yesterday , disappear for a beat ... curtain wipe : 10 . and she exit ( time CUT ) now dress in a tasteful black suit with sensible shoe . CUT to : a cemetery gravestone compress in a long lens and stretch to the horizon . a massive 747 land in the background . different angle . cemetery Black suv 's roll through the gate . int . funeral chapel everyone be there . basher , linus , saul , the malloy brother , even yen . the coffin be white too with gold handle . a lovely touch of Vegas . in the pulpit reuben ( Elliott gould ) be eulogize : reuben Danny Ocean live a rich full life . by any measure , he be a success . there be more rustling and a few eye roll . reuben continue . reuben ( cont 'd ) whether in business , not all of which we can discuss today ... a few sigh of relief . reuben ( cont 'd ) or as a loving son , to Dennis and darlene . everyone turn to acknowledge dennis ocean , seat on the leave . debbie stare straight ahead . do not glance at she father . reuben ( cont 'd ) or as a brother . she look up . shake she head : do not you dare . 11 . reuben ( cont 'd ) ( stumble ) who -- have a sister . as -- brother do ... CUT to : int . chapel - later ... people be milling around outside the chapel . Debbie approach saul ( Carl reiner . ) debbie hello , saul . saul sweetie . oh my gosh . ( kiss ) you look great . debbie no I do not . saul well -- you make it . debbie yeah . saul listen to I for a minute ... debbie do not . saul it kill he , Debbie . this life -- it kill he . debbie he have a genetic valve disorder . saul well it do not help . and it 's no good for you either . please do not do this . debbie do what ? saul whatever it be he would not tell we you be gonna do . Debbie smile -- do not respond . she lean over and kiss saul on the cheek . 12 . ext . cemetery hot day . bird . she take off she jacket . funny how a graveyard can feel like the country . basher ( Don cheadle ) come up beside she . basher ' ello love . debbie you too ? basher no ... not I . she smile at he . basher ( cont 'd ) hear it 's good though . debbie he tell you ? basher just say it be '' somethin’ . '' an’ that it be pretty amazing . debbie he say that ? basher mmm . he say it be insane and you would end up back in jail but it be pretty brilliant . sink in . basher ( cont 'd ) you come back to the house ? debbie Nah . she motion toward the gang . he nod . basher sure. ( beat ) one question . debbie what 's that ? basher ( lean in / a wink ) why have you tell he , love ? 13 . close up . debbie the one question she can not answer . it linger with she . he give she a kiss on the cheek and head on he way . car horn two short beep . Deb turn ... her Pov the smoke window of a black suv lower revealing -- cate blonde , stylish , hair perfectly messy . her car radio fill the graveyard . int . car Deb climb in the passenger side as Cate turn down the music . Cate grab she friend 's face . Big kiss on the cheek . debbie easy . I have be in the slammer . cate really ? have not hear . debbie thanks . that be stressful ... cate I be sure . debbie everybody try to get I to go straight . cate kind of cheeky . they be crook too . debbie no kid . Cate swing the car onto the expressway . Deb take off she shoe . put she bare foot on the dashboard and rub they ... Deb put she bare foot on the dashboard . debbie ( cont ’d ) you get the credit line ? cate not yet . debbie why ? cate do not know what it 's for . ( off she look ) please do not do that ? debbie do what ? Cate imitate she expression . debbie ( cont ’d ) oh . that 's my '' just spend four - year in jail and my partner let I down face . '' cate I be not you partner yet . ( cell phone ring ) hello ? ( beat ) I do not care Jeffrey ... no I do not want to talk to she ... ( another beat ) ' Cause it 's not she job anymore . it be she job until she get fire , now it 's not she job ... ( listen ) she can write I five letter , she 's not get she job back . ( beat ) because she steal from I Jeffrey and people who steal be not trustworthy . on that , she happen to lock eye Deb who start to laugh . Cate can not help it smile too . hang up . cate ( cont 'd ) I mean '' normal '' people who steal . not ... debbie like professional ? cate yeah . they . int . abandoned theater - day the light switch on , illuminate a huge empty space . gorgeous in its decay . carve wood and peel plaster . gold leaf be sporadic . she flip Deb look 15 . debbie this be great . cate try heating it . on some more light . cate ( cont 'd ) there 's a room for you upstairs . debbie New club ? cate maybe one day . around . more space than she 's see in five year . debbie do you call kendall ? cate she quit . move to Hawaii . debbie ( surveying the room ) what about paige ? cate ( stop ) it would honestly help if I know what all of this be for . debbie I know ... I know ... I ’1l1 tell you tomorrow . Deb deposit she bag , cross to Cate . give she a kiss on the cheek . she turn debbie ( cont ’d ) I will see ya later . cate you just get here . debbie I have be inside for five year . I be go for a walk . and head up the aisle of the theater ... ext . art gallery - chelsea - night Debbie walk down a familiar cobblestone street . though she seem compose , a rage grow within she as she approach -- 16 . int . klaus gunther gallery - chelsea - continuous Debbie walk into mecca for the downtown art scene . klaus gunther make gagosian jealous . sycophant , hipster and a lot of money . and in the center of it all stand klaus himself : undeniably handsome , just as oily , he wear a white linen shirt unbuttone to the jewlery . you should see through this guy but you can not . Debbie grab a glass of champagne from a waiter and cross toward he . klaus be talk with a group of young woman , when he spot Debbie and shift from charm to restrain terror . he make quick apology and start to leave ... deb Blocks he path . klaus ( freeze ) what be you do here ? debbie patron of the art . klaus I have a restrain order . debbie good . she step really close to he -- a intimate moment -- debbie ( cont ’d ) do you know what a shiv be ? he feel something sharp against he rib . gasp -- klaus stop it -- debbie I make this one . proud of it , too . see -- it 's important not to melt the toothbrush too much . that way it keep its length and the strength . so when you stab , you slice up and around . Debbie drag the shiv up the front of he shirt , towards he neck . to a bystander it might look like a flirtatious move with a large toothpick . 17 . debbie ( cont ’d ) Nice face . Inside you be what we like to call '' a pretty girl '' -- klaus I will call the police -- Deb take the shiv and slice up the front of he shirt , shredd it . she pop the button on he collar , take it for a souvenir . debbie auf Wiedersehen . Debbie stride out , still purposeful , while klaus look on , terrify . CUT to : int . chinese take out all fluorescence and backlit picture of the dish . Debbie stand at the counter -- draw a long breath of General tso 's . they hand she a white plastic bag . int . theater - late it 's dark . a few safety light be on . Deb enter the back of the theater and cross to a staircase on the side of the stage carry she take out . upstair loft space it use to be a rehearsal studio . vast and open with various bit of live area define by loose furniture . it 's chic in a very hard - to-define - kind - of - way . deb cross to the kitchen area , fish through drawer for a plate and decamp at the small kitchen table . closer she take out the still - warm white container and dump they on she plate . can not get to the chopstick fast enough ... cate ( 0.s. ) be that all for you ? debbie ( turn / mouthful ) oh , hi . want some . cate no. 18 . Cate 's wear a silk chinese robe . she cross to the table . sit . cate ( cont 'd ) it 's late . debbie take a walk . cate where ? Deb do not answer . they look at each other for a beat and exchange five or six line of unspoken conversation . cate ( cont 'd ) why would you do something like that ? debbie I have to . cate no , you do not . debbie closure ? cate bullshit . do he see you ? debbie oh yeah . Debbie take the shiv out of she purse and show it to Cate . toothbrush on one end , lethal blade on the other . cate jesus. ( beat ) do you '' use it ? '' debbie just a button . she put klaus 's button on the table . Cate laugh . they share the moment . then suddenly ... cate ( call out ) hey , Luis ... you gotta go . Cate do not turn as the young man from the club enter with pants but no shirt . even more muscle . even more ink . luis I can wait . 19 . cate that 's ok . I x11 see you soon . luis seriously . cate ( turn ) seriously . go. Luis get the hint and grab he shirt , head downstairs . debbie do he have to go ? Cate laugh . Deb slide over the carton of orange chicken . CUT to : ext . east village - the next morning the place be waking up from the night before . men in orange suit hang off the back of truck collect trash . close up . deb she 's wide awake . Cate 's '' guest room '' be a partition space fill with box of bootlegge vodka . a certain larcenous charm with a stun view of the Manhattan Bridge . Deb sit up in bed . stretch ( freedom ) . she stare out the window at the building across the alley -- seem to pause ... flashback . ocean' eleven ( tracking shot -- original footage ) zirga ( carl reiner ) and terry benedict ( andy garcia ) walk the casino floor with they respective henchmen behind they . they pass . danny ... .-- who glance up from he chair at the video poker machine . the shot continue to suddenly include ... debbie ... .-- who stand at the progressive slot hold a bucket of Silver dollar ( still ocean 's eleven -- we just haven ’t see this before . Deb clock benedict as he pass , feed a dollar token into the slot , and pull the huge lever . wheel spin ... debbie ( jackpot ) oh my GOD ... 20 . int . subterranean corridor benedict stride down the hallway with two employee in tow ... benedict that 's not suppose to hit ' till December . employee I understand sir . benedict do you check the machine ? int . holding room Bright neon . no frill . Deb sit on a hard plastic chair . turn ... look at benedict ... debbie ( as he enter ) where 's my money ! benedict pause at the door . take she in . debbie ( cont ’d ) I drive here from bakersfield . series of shot . ocean 's eleven the swat team carry out the money . the van arrive at the airport . the team meet at the bellagio fountain . debbie ( 0.s. ) bullshit , Danny ! shot . deb she yell into a pay phone . debbie '' pull a lever '' ? you think that 's what I do ? I '' pull a lever ? '' ( beat ) yeah , and if I have not you would have have Terry benedict up you ass . I buy you time Danny . I deserve the same share as everybody else ... ( beat ) no ! do not you dare hang ... ( beat / quieter ) ...up. asshole . 21 . extreme wide . down angle . central park - day ( present ) it 's a massive landscape . people stroll . boat sail . kite fly . it would take a moment to pick out the two woman head toward the camera . debbie honestly when I tell you , it 's go to sound a little ... cate crazy ? debbie maybe . but there be not any hole . I have go through it a million time . angle . wooded path they stroll toward the camera in the dapple sunlight . as they leave the narrow path , Central Park open in front of they . fifth Avenue loom . Deb stop -- turn toward Cate . cate what ? Deb motion in front of she . cate ( cont 'd ) tree ? Deb point to ... the met rising up above the treeline . close up . cate she cock she head slightly , take in the museum . then she reach for Deb 's hand and walk she slowly over to a park bench . they sit together . cate ( deep breath / softly ) look -- I have a friend with a house on Fire Island . he 's in Europe for a few month and the place be just sit empty . you could go out there and stare at the water and just ... debbie this work , Cate . 22 . cate I be sure . debbie it really work . cate ( pause ) that 's a museum , Debbie . and they care about the thing inside it . that 's what make it a museum . debbie we be not robbing the museum . pause ... debbie ( cont ’d ) we be robbing someone in the museum . the museum be just the decoy . she look back at it ... CUT to : int . met - american wing they mingle with tourist amble by the whistler and winslow homer . John Singer sargent 's ' madam x’ look down as they walk by ... int . met - MAIN foyer they stand in front of a sign next to the ticket booth . a sign read : '' close the first monday in may . '' cate first Monday in May ? debbie shh . montage . met ball - file footage year of haute couture on display . the richest model in the world wear the most expensive and glamorous fashion . they glide in slow motion past a million strobe as Debbie explain : debbie ocean ( 0.s ) it 's the biggest event of the year . hundred of the richest people gather under one roof ... 23 . cate so ... CUT to : a halal cart they eat a falafel . Deb gesture . Cate nod . series of shot . mos ( long lens - far away ) through the bustle and traffic of New York , Deb explain ' the job 's . in subways ... taxi 's ... restaurant ... with diagram , gesture , and model make of salt shaker and sugar cube . slowly , through it all , Cate 's body language subtly change . she begin , literally , to lean in until ... met cafe they sit at a table caffeinate in the large open atrium . cate wow . debbie wow as in yes ? cate as in : I get it . it 's kind of brilliant . debbie I have some time on my hand . cate it 's dangerous ... debbie no doubt . but that 's not why I like it . this work . cate ( weigh it ) you know I do not owe you anything . debbie just help I figure it out . then see how you feel . if you do not like it , you do not have to do it . you have a off ramp . there be a irritate , irresistible quality that make she Debbie Ocean . cate so what 's first ? 24 . debbie we need a designer . CUT to : int . cate 's loft they sit in front of the big screen with the documentary play . they review a large portfolio book of various designer , they work enshrine in plastic . cate so I think about galliano , but I do not think Anna 's gonna let he dress anybody . debbie right . cate there 's largerfeld but it 's kind of Dr. strangelove . not sure it 's the right fit . but here , look at this ... she spin the book . hover over it ... debbie Rose Weil ? ( beat ) I know that name . cate huge in the 9us . New romantic stuff . edwardian collar . but ... ( flip a page ) have not go so well lately . she owe the IRS 5 million dollar . debbie woah . cate it 's bad . a lien on she asset . impound she passport . the bank seize she townhouse . debbie she sound perfect . CUT to : int . backstage - fashion show the name '' rose weil '' emblazon on a wall . 25 . after a minute rose weil , 40 's , flustered , lurch toward a trash can , vomit pre-show . cate ( v.o. ) the show be mean to save she . int . fashion show - bryant park - evening amazonian woman appear in outfit that suggest a labor attempt at a victorian theme -- high button , lace bodice . cate ( v.o. ) if the new line do not take off , she could even be prosecute . there be a distracting murmur -- this be not go well . amongst the unimpress celebrity , a worried group of middle - age , mid-western Men sit in the front row . cate ( v.o. ) get a credit line from a omaha Bank . the only one who would still loan she money ... they literally be soak in sweat -- stare perplex at the runway at ... cate tough way to get into fashion . the last model stride out in a corset with over abundance metal buckle - BDSM meet Pirates of the Caribbean . she turn to the top of the runway to introduce Rose , but no one appear . finally , one of the model drag she on -stage to take a bow before a half - empty tent . int . backstage —- fashion show - later the silent break -down of a fail show : nake model down champagne , designer detritus cover the floor -- no one scurries to pick it up . Cate wander through the room , search for Rose . she pause at the sound of sob come from the other side of a closet door . Cate open it to find a weep Rose , sit on the floor , eat nutella . cate ( beat ) it be gorgeous . rose weil ( look up / tear stain ) it be shite . 26 . cate I think that 's a little harsh . rose weil '' derivative of myself . '' that 's what they say . do you know what a hell that be ? resenting who you be because you will never be that again -- ( shovel nutella ) how do I get here ? cate ( sink to the floor / gently ) you spend 18 million dollar in two year . you have two house boat on the seine . Cate take she hand . rose weil ( softly ) I know . and they be divine . ( a beat ) I be old . cate you be not old -- rose weil I be old and -- ( heave ) I be go to go to prison -- and ( heave ) and then I be go to be poor .. cate not necessarily . Rose look up . hmm ? cate ( cont 'd ) what if I could make all of this go away . even get you passport back . Long pause -- rose weil what do I have to do ? cate dress daphne kluger for the met Ball . Rose stare up she . 27 . rose weil be you real ? cate very . rose weil ( mean it ) you be a angel . Cate shrug . she will take it . CUT to : int . PRESS conference - day paparazzi flash -- as the glare recede , a stun face be reveal like a develop photograph -- daphne kluger , 30 , goofy and aloof and devastatingly charming . she 's be famous for a while and she like it . daphne soak up the flash as the chairwoman of the costume Institute introduce she -- chairwoman the met Ball be all about grace and elegance and refinement -- so everyone can understand why we choose Ms. kluger to host it . the crowd erupt in laughter , head throw back and shoulder rise like a ballet of bobble-head . except for Cate and Debbie , seat in the back row , straight - face . a reporter raise he hand -- reporter do you know who you be wear ? daphne kluger right now ? ( she look under she shirt ) under armour ? reporter no , who be dress you ? daphne kluger I normally do it myself unless I be really waste . reporter the designer -- daphne kluger do not you guy have something better to worry about -- like climate change ? ( they be not budging ) ( more ) daphne kluger ( cont 'd ) I promise the moment we decide on a designer you will be the first to know . angle . back of the room Debbie and Cate exchange a look . int . cate 's loft - debbie , cate , and rose weil they leaf through picture of daphne kluger . rose weil oh . she 's sort of divine . Lovely bust . debbie sure . rose weil maybe something simple . just velvet with no other ... debbie maybe this . 28. she toss a emboss photo on the table . Rose lean in . close up photo . the harrington necklace over a fifty diamond . even the photo glisten . rose weil oh my . debbie it 's call the harrington necklace . originally commission for a american oil magnate . weigh over six pound . cate texans . debbie when he die they sell it back to Tiffany 's who have keep it in they vault ever since . cate they never let it out . rose weil oh . then how do we ... cate they might let it out for she . 29 . debbie this year theme be Starry night . a million jewel glitter in the night sky . cate and if you be to insist ... on behalf of daphne kluger ... rose weil ooooh ... through all of she haze , Rose begin to get it ... rose weil ( cont 'd ) it 's a lovely piece . cate no shit . CUT to : macro image of a flawless diamond ( as see through a loupe ) it kick prism of light all over the frame -- perfect little rainbow . over this -- in hindi : amita ( this be not flawless . ) wider . bhalla jewelery inc . staten island amita ( mindy kaling ) hold a large diamond up to she loupe . her mother , elegant , glamorous , drip in jewel , hover close by as she examine it . behind they be half a dozen other jewler at a long work bench -- all indian as well -- all family . there be glass jar of candy -- everywhere . amita 's mother ( it 's a good stone . what 's the matter with you ? ) amita ( I work here -- stop sell I . ) ext . staten island ferry Debbie stand at the railing stare out over the water as they head past Ellis Island . debbie ( v.o. ) she 's like family . my dad use to fence stuff through the store . the island approach ... 30 . int . bhalla jewler - day in Hindi : amita ( this diamond be a k -- at best . ) amita 's mother ( it 's a h -- ) amita ( you be out of you mind . ) amita 's mother ( I be concerned about you vision ) amita ( this be piss yellow --) amita 's mother ( why be you so vulgar . if you father be alive ... ) amita ( grade it yourself ! ) amita 's mother ( this be why you have no husband . ) amita look up , with the loupe on . amita 's Pov -- through the loupe Debbie ( highly magnify ) stand out the window -- wave , signal for amita to join she . CUT to : ext . staten island promenade - moment later amita approach Debbie -- amita what be you do here ? debbie sorry to hear about you pop . amita yeah , thanks ... ( be : she mother / sotto ) sometimes I wish she have join he . ( beat ) sorry about Danny . 31 . debbie yeah well ... I get something for you . a job . amita I hear that do not work out too well . debbie happens . amita what ? you want to run some stuff through the store ? debbie Little more than that . ( beat ) how long would it take you to make 8 piece of jewelry ? if the stone be already cut . amita I do not know . six hour ? debbie what if I tell you do not have to live with you mother anymore ? amita raise a eyebrow ... CUT to : ext . staten island ferry Deb stand at the rail on she cell phone . debbie ( into the phone ) yeah . she 's all good . but we may have to put she up for a while . have a fight with she mom . int . cate 's loft a 23 year old girl ( huge dread and lot of tat ) sit cross legge in a knoll womb chair with a industrial look computer on she lap . Cate sit across from she stare as she pound away at she keyboard . girl ( suddenly ) wow . cate what ? 32 . the girl do not answer but stay focus on she screen . Cate lean forward , pay rapt attention . debbie I be never take the F train again . Debbie come bound through the doorway with load of energy . debbie ( cont ’d ) ( see the girl ) hi there . cate shh . debbie what ? cate she 's '' in . '' debbie in where ? girl be this what you mean ? there 's just a lot of vase . Cate lean over and look at she screen . cate yeah . that 's the egyptian wing . debbie shes 's in the met ? Debbie cross over and look . cate ( glance at Deb ) Security camera . debbie wow . girl here 's some more . just a lot of picture ... cate kandinsky . debbie hi. I be Debbie . 33. she look up . squint through the dread . girl nine Ball . debbie what 's you real name ? girl ( shrug ) eight Ball . debbie we use real name around here . cate can we talk for a minute . pulling her around the corner they tuck into the kitchen . cate she 's one of the best hacker in the world . debbie I be honore . cate she have other client . they do not know she real name either . debbie she have other client ? now ? cate yeah . debbie do you tell she what she cut be ? cate ' course . High priced talent . they head around the corner . resume - live room nine Ball continue to clack away , rock back and forth in a self - soothing kind of way . debbie um , nine ball ? should I call you nine ? 34 . nine ball or baller . ( beat ) you know , you footprint suck , right ? debbie what ? nine ball you footprint . if you want to steal shit you gotta clean this up . my little sister could hack you . cate oh. Cause we hire a guy who ... nine Ball tap a couple of keystroke and the light shut off . she tap they again and they turn back on . cate ( cont 'd ) gotcha . debbie we will fix that . nine ball awesome . I gotta jet . she grab she laptop and leave the frame . Cate and deb exchange a look . debbie how old be she ? cate you do not want to know . CUT to : jackpot ( ten year earlier ) bells. whistles ... debbie oh my GOD ! int . subterranean corridor benedict stride down the hallway with two employee in tow ... int . holding room Bright neon . no frill . Deb sit on a hard plastic chair . turn ... look at benedict ... 35 . debbie ( as he enter ) where 's my money ! shot . deb she yell into a pay phone . debbie ( 0.s. ) '' pull a lever '' ? you think that 's what I do ? I '' pull a lever ? '' a black jack table - later that day ... Debbie fume in the '' first base '' position all the way to the right of the dealer . she have a drink and stack of chip in front of she . the dealer ... whisk card across the table and pull a 9 . Debbie stand with a 18 . so do everyone else at the table . the dealer flip she hole card and show a 8 to total 17 . slow motion debbie 's hand in one smooth move she reach for she drink , and swaps_her stack of 5 red chip for 4 red and one black hundred dollar chip underneath . if you blink you have miss it . regular motion the dealer spread out she chip and pay she $ 115 , match she three red and one black . a good hustle . debbie look across the table to see ... cate stare at she . she glance away at the eye contact . they do not know each other yet . a new deal Debbie get a 14 and bust . no need to switch chip this time . the dealer bust as well . Debbie look back across the table at -- cate who_doe the exact same thing that Debbie do . reaches for the drink , switch out a stack of four red for three red and_a black . 36 . there eye lock Nice to meet you . CUT to : ext . caesar 's palace pool - ( very hot ) day modele after the bath of caracalla . White column and short togas . Deb lie on a chaise lounge eye close , hand clench around she drink . a shadow cross over she . cate ( 0.s. ) hello . different angle Debbie look up to see she block out the sun . Cate have a huge hat . almost religious . she sit on the chaise next to she . cate ( cont 'd ) I think we have something in common . debbie I get there first . cate I know . Cate hand she a wad of cash . debbie I do not want a cut . cate do you know what a Savannah be ? debbie yeah . past-post at a roulette wheel . double act . a mechanic and a payout . cate that 's right . debbie ( get it ) I be Debbie . extends she hand . Cate take it . cate Cate Richmond . I know you brother . 37 . debbie who do not ? cate not like that . we do some work together . debbie so do we . have a little trouble settling . cate so do I . debbie ( take she in ) so we be at that table together by accident ? cate ( maybe ) of course . beat . they both laugh . sure . whatever . debbie what be you think ? CUT to : both women ( in the present ) emerging side by side from the subway in queen . there be purpose in they step . cate this girl have the best hand I have ever see . literally . it 's such a waste . tight . on a orange crate deet hand shuffle and deal Three Card monte in a blur . a woman 's hand adorn with nail art and a dozen bracelet do the honors . over this -- a voice of undetermine origin : constance ( fast , like a auctioneer ) ok follow the queen , follow the queen aaaaaaaaaaaand you know what i see ? - i see a little silhouett - of of a man bout to lose , bout to lose but will he do the fandango ? probably not cuz that 's a 2 of spade thank U , come again . 38 . reveal contstance lum ( awkwafina ) she work she magic to a visit chump and he friend from Manhattan . kid gather round to watch the abuse on rebuilt bmx bike . constance have a yellow hoodie and wear huge shade -- a hybrid between a insect and a aviator . debbie and cate . from across the STREET they watch the show from a distance . debbie really ? cate everyone you send I be too hot . the turnover on pickpocket be huge . resume constance she fan a deck . deal out three new card . constance how about you sir ? what 's you name ? be it wifi ? ' Cause I feel a connection . now how about you put that fossil brand wallet where that weird , misshapen mouth be . do not know how to play ? well here 's what we do -- we keep you eye on the queen . eye on the queen , eye on the queen . ( just like last night ) keep you eye be on the queen and - - look I be take it slow , take it slooow , take and we eye be on the queen , eye on the queen . but. oh. wait . oh no . but where she at , though ? where that bitch at ? be she gonna be over here on the leave , ? be she on the right ? or be she in the center ? be that bitch a liberal - lean libertarian ? he point and she flip the card . constance ( cont ’d ) I do not know but I do know that that 's a 3 of heart -- so what 's it gonna be ? I take cash only honey no no cash only honey , no cash no -- honey do not mope . just gimme the dope . constance snatch he money and quickly slip off he rolex in the process . 39 . constance ( cont 'd ) we take most major credit -- a we keep they . ( see Debbie and Cate ) oh , look -- two real housewive . as he turn to look at Deb and Cate , constance reach around and lift he wallet . constance ( cont 'd ) sweetie that 's it for tonight . I gotta headache . we 'il do it tomorrow . I promise . kiss noise and she 's go . angle . debbie and cate debbie we be amateur . int . subway ( sandwich ) - day Debbie and Cate sit across from constance , housing a sub . constance ( incredulous ) so -- I be just slip one necklace ? debbie you be . yes. constance really ? that 's it ? cate it 's a very nice necklace . constance an’ this be legit ? I mean you be serious -- about my cut and all ? cate a hundred percent . constance ok . I be in and ... ( reach into she pocket ) ..- in that case , here . she hand Cate back she watch . 40 . constance ( cont ’d ) I just love the smell of that Subway bread . CUT to : a ipad with luminous image of precious jewel . a woman 's finger swipe it and more massive rock appear . swipe again -- a emerald ... int . cate 's club - night she stand at the bar in thick black read glass , peer down at the ipad . a cacophony be pound all around she but Cate be extreme focus : stare -- swipe . stare -- swipe ... bouncer no? cate hmm ? bouncer the guy . Jeff . he have three guy with he . cate ok. bouncer but he 's the only one on the list . cate just let ‘em in . and she go back to she jewlery . Cate swipe as ... a child foot make solid contact with a soccer ball . sliding glass door the shot nail the door , mid pane , leave a huge mark . on the patio a well maintain woman in she mid forty wear athletic garb and be park with the Sunday Times on she ( new ) porch furniture . tammy derek , please , that be not a goal . that be a plate glass win ... 41 . and she stop mid sentence . her Pov . wooden gate Debbie 's head hover above the fence line . she lock eye with she . debbie hi , Tam . tammy freezes in a paralyze suburban smile ... keri mommy , derek say I could not play anymore because he want to only have another kind of game that ... tammy sweetie -- mommy have to talk to a old friend now . tammy get up slowly and walk the other direction toward the garage . she glance back and motion for Debbie to meet she on the other side of the house . CUT to : int . four car garage - tammy 's house - continuous like the container store and fed ex have a love child . a suburban warehouse . tammy 's '' e Bay top seller '' Award hang prominently on the wall . debbie be you really screen my call ? Deb move closer . tammy inhale sharply . debbie ( cont ’d ) ( be : the garage set - up ) this be impressive . Debbie peer behind a slightly ajar door which lead to black - light light storage room full of even hotter item -- tammy what be you do here ? I think you be -- debbie I get out . look at all this . I think you retire . tammy I do . 42. debbie ( motion ) I guess you be just collect knock - off luggage . ( smile ) not as much as fun as hijack a truck or smuggle shit ina tugboat ... tammy what do you want ? Debbie step closer , a intimate tension grow -- debbie ( breathy ) just want to reconnect . tammy swallow . debbie ( cont ’d ) you be not bored out here , be you Tam ? tammy ( tense / physical proximity ) I be happy ... out here . Debbie place a strand of tammy 's hair behind she ear . debbie ( she get closer ) what about in here ? ( touch she '' heart '' ) how do you feel inside . ( closer ) when you lie awake at night . do he snore ? tammy no. ( Deb breathes in she ear ) a little . debbie I need a fence . tammy I -- stop do that . debbie ( closer still ) you can start again . you can do anything you want . ( hot breath ) you be the best , Tam . the best I have ever ... ( more ) 43 . debbie ( cont 'd ) ( closer ) ..- work with . Debbie be close enough to kiss tammy . derek , tammy 's 4 year old , open the door -- derek mommy -- tammy ( strain , snap she head ) yes , sweetie ? derek I just want to say I love you . tammy I love you , too -- the door close . debbie no one else can do what you do . three inches between they eye lock ... CUT to : ext . tammy 's house - later angle on -- tammy , from inside the trunk of she car . she throw a suitcase in . tammy it 's just a work trip , honey . mommy will be back soon . the trunk close . CUT to : int . cate 's theater — a old master switch be throw , bathing the stage in light . int . orchestra various member of the team wander in to the aging theater , take in the fade glory . they meet and mingle . Orange juice and bagel sit on the edge of the stage . 44 , debbie down here , everybody . CUT to : '' the meeting '' everyone be gather on stage with fold chair and loose furniture . downstage , near the break footlight , sit a large object cover with a sheet . a projector illuminate the back wall . debbie thank you all for come . we would like to present you with a hypothetical situation . 16.5 million dollar in each of you bank account . a little over two week from now . amita how hypothetical ? cate not very . unless we screw up . the woman make eye . nobody move . Debbie remove the satin sheet cover a perfect 3d replica of the met . debbie in three and a half week the met will be host its annual ball to celebrate the new costume exhibit . cate and we be go to rob it . rose weil ( nausea ) Christ . within the 3d model be a red carpet , the exhibit and the Temple of dendur -- debbie -- not the ball itself , but a very important set of diamond that will be '' attend '' the ball -- the video of the '' harrington '' diamond necklace play on screen . amita let out a half - orgasmic sigh -- cate on the neck of daphne kluger . Split screen -- a picture of Ms. kluger appear next to the video of the necklace . 45 . cate ( cont 'd ) who Rose will be dress . rose weil but I do not know daphne k -- cate you will . debbie with she on board , we can get the necklace out of the vault -- cate ( indicate nine Ball ) -- infiltrate both met Security -- a shot of the hundred of met Security dome that Cate and Debbie have be snap fill the screen -- debbie ( nod to tammy ) and the gala itself -- cate consider to be the most exclusive party invitation in the world -- debbie when daphne become suddenly ill and go to the bathroom -- tammy how do we do that ? debbie ipecac . amita ew. debbie constance will do what constance do -- constance doff a imaginary hat . cate the necklace will be deliver to amita , at a secure location inside the museum -- debbie where she will fashion it into eight distinctive piece of jewelry . 46 . cate make all the gorgeous woman in this room even more beautiful as they wear they out into the night -- disperse in eight different direction , and pull off one of the biggest jewel heist in history . the team stare at they , dumbfounded . int . taxi constance shut up . CUT to : — evening rose weil where be we go ? debbie Le cirque . rose weil be we go to meet daphne kluger ? cate no . debbie we be go to meet someone who make daphne kluger jealous . int . restaurant - evening Debbie and Cate sit across from Rose -- sweat profusely and tear at bread . debbie in a minute we be go to get up and someone you know will sit down . rose weil I know she ? debbie not personally . just be cool , aloof -- cate kind , but not too kind . debbie you be sweat . 47 . rose weil I sweat . cate do not . debbie she have a new engagement ring , take she hand , make physical contact , that 's when we will get it . rose weil it ? Cate and Debbie rise . Rose continue to sweat . fan herself . after a beat , the actress penelope stern sit down penelope stern hi , wow -- rose weil ( faint / british ) hi. penelope stern ( take Rose 's hand ) hi. ( a beat ) I just have to say -- I think you be so brilliant . like -- beyond . honestly , I have always dream about get marry in one of you dress . be that so crazy ? rose weil no ... ( glance toward the window / see Deb and Cate ) ... not as crazy as that rock ... penelope stern my ring ? rose weil May I ? Rose take penelope 's hand , make sure to maintain the moment of intimacy long enough , as she peer over penelope 's shoulder to -- ext . restaurant - continuous debbie 's Pov -- through a telephoto camera lens -- Debbie and Cate take photo through the window . click . CUT to : 48. page six ! the new york post ... land on a table with a picture of Rose and penelope dining over candlelight . the headline be evocative : '' be my dress , be my dress , be my dress -- met gala courtship . '' wider . HOTEL suite daphne kluger look at a underl ... daphne kluger Rose Weil ? be she still alive ? ( fume nonetheless ) so what be we do about this ? CUT to : int . bowery ballroom - bowery HOTEL Rose and daphne sit on the long velvet bench in the corner . cate ( v.o. ) remember -- indifference be the great aphrodisiac . daphne kluger thanks for come on such short notice . rose weil of course . Cate appear on the balcony . she cross , Rose 's eye trail she , look over daphne 's shoulder -- daphne kluger I have always admire you . I have so many of you piece -- rose weil really ? daphne kluger ( no ) oh , yeah . Debbie appear at the other end of the balcony . Rose 's eye shift -- daphne kluger ( cont ’d ) obviously this search have not be easy , and so far everything 's be a little , well , boring -- Rose still look past daphne -- Debbie and Cate be now stare at she , press up against the glass . 49 , Debbie plaster she face against the clear window . Rose stare at they look past daphne and it 's start to piss she off . daphne kluger ( cont ’d ) -- well you seem different , a little twisted -- like I . daphne realize she have completely lose Rose -- daphne kluger ( cont ’d ) what be go on -- daphne look over she shoulder out the window -- Cate and Debbie have disappear . Rose finally look at daphne . rose weil I be sorry -- what be you say ? daphne kluger I be try to hire you . what , do you forget you adderall ? Jesus -- daphne downs she whiskey , restore the glass . daphne kluger ( cont ’d ) for the met ball . I want you to dress I . Rose look off to the balcony , beam with satisfaction . cate and debbie ... sit on the edge of planter , exhaust -- CUT to : nine ball illuminate in blue light as she stare into a monitor . nine ball this be dope . wider the other hover around she . next to they be a 3d printer the size of a large desk . it have tube and pump and tank . very industrial . debbie where would you get it ? tammy ( a true '' fence '' ) item '' arrive '' Deb . no one '' get '' they from '' anywhere . '' 50 . debbie o-kay ... nine ball ready . she hit a keystroke and the printer begin to whine . a lucite replica of the statue of Liberty begin to emerge in front of they . tammy once we get the scan of the necklace , we can print a replica in zirconium . constance ( watch it grow ) wo ! print I a dude . tammy get I a scan . constance ( to amita ) no problem . let 's go get she a '' scan . '' giggles . she nudge amita who look embarrassed but intrigue . they wander off together . cate ( turn to Deb ) Three week to go . CUT to : diamond Three different stunning necklace sit atop black velvet stand . wider . int . tiffany 's - private showroom a very proud , tightly - wound tiffany 's exec fawn over Rose and amita , pose as she assitant . amita have a business suit and a ipad . Rose wear a fashionable pair of Google glass . rose weil where be it ? tiffany exec we think you might want to see this first -- rose weil this be not the harrington . 51 . tiffany exec I know . it 's just that -- there be certain logistical problem with that particular necklace . 2nd exec we would not even know how to insure it . rose weil well -- we be very clear on the phone . we be only interested in the harrington . tiffany 's exec that would just have to be a much longer discussion . rose weil ( a new confidence ) I understand . ok. much thanks . we will be go now . Rose turn toward the door amita follow instil panic in the eye of the two executive . tiffany 's exec wait . rose stops. turn ... CUT to : int . vaulted basement - day the elevator door open -- the associate and two guard walk out into a hallway -- across from they be a classic vault door . Rose and amita wait while they spin the two large wheel . debbie ( v.o. ) we need a little under five minute with the necklace to get the scan . the vault door swing open . CUT to : a lock - BOX sit atop crush black velvet . rose wearing Google glass , adjust they slightly . she wait anxiously . 52 . rose 's Pov - necklace - through the google glass Rose wait for the glass to connect -- it read '' idle -- attempt to connect . '' CUT to : int . warehouse - simultaneous Cate stand over the computer -- wait for the scan to come in -- it read '' idle '' -- but the screen go blank . debbie where would it go ? nine ball I be not sure . Debbie hit the side of the screen like a old tv . then she start shaking the flat-screen . nine ball ( cont 'd ) chill . that 's not gonna help . ( cooly ) no signal . they must be too far underground . CUT to : int . vaulted basement - resume they walk toward the necklace . the titanium case be open . it be truly breathtaking . Rose approach , touch she glass as if wiping away tear -- but really try to scan the necklace . rose 's Pov - necklace - through the google glass she can not transmit a scan -- '' connection lost . '' Rose turn she head so amita can glimpse the back of the lens . '' connection lost '' . amita this seem very secure down here -- tiffany 's associte five foot of solid concrete . angle on - rose try to figure out what they be go to do -- amita you say you want to see it in the light . 53 . associate this be light -- rose weil ( get it ) oh . no , we need real light . ( gain steam ) the red carpet happen while the sun be still out . so -- if you -- amita and you boss -- rose weil .».- right . you boss . if you want thousand of picture to be take of this necklace on the neck of daphne kluger and every reporter write tiffany 's in big block letter -- we need to know what it will look like . in sunlight . amita Real sunlight . rose weil otherwise we be waste we time . CUT to : int . presenting room - first floor - moment later large window near the ceiling let in beautiful , cascade natural light . armed Guards enter first , carry the necklace under a cover cloth . Rose and amita follow . the guard set the necklace down , remove the cover cloth and open the case . Rose and amita stand over it . Rose adjust she glass -- rose weil ( a beat ) come on ... rose 's Pov - necklace - through google glass as the service bar kick back in . '' scanning ... '' appear at the top of the frame -- CUT to : int . warehouse - simultaneous they crowd the computer as it begin to receive the scan -- Debbie stand over she -- 54 . nine ball here we go . debbie Hell yes . int . presenting room - first floor - continuous rose 's Pov -- necklace -- through google glass -- 43 % scan complete -- associate how be that light , Ms. Weil ? see what you need to see ? angle on -- rose , stand over the necklace , still , not turn to look at he -- associate ( cont ’d ) Ms. Weil -- he step toward Rose , she start circle the necklace -- associate ( cont ’d ) be she okay ? rose 's Pov -- necklace -- through google glass -- 79 % scan complete -- amita ( 0.c . ) oh , yes , fine -- this be she process -- sort of like meditation -- int . warehouse - continuous Cate await the scan -- 96 % complete -- amita and Debbie hover , Debbie 's head shaking , mumble , threaten the computer --— CUT to : int . presenting room - first floor - continuous Rose still stand over the necklace -- associate if you be do , Ms. Weil , we would like to return this to the vault -- rose's Pov - necklace - through google glass - 99 % scan complete . int . warehouse - simultaneous '' scan 100 % '' flash on Cate 's computer screen . Debbie look to Cate -- exhales . 55 . int . tiffany 's vault Rose look nauseous , like she be about to faint , steady herself . amita escort she out . CUT to : int . warehouse - later a celebratory kick -back . the crew drink wine , Rose smoke a joint , try to relax . Debbie stand near the computer with Cate . she finish she whiskey , put it on the table . debbie all right , let 's do this . c’mere -- they all gather round the printer . Debbie look to the crew . debbie ( cont 'd ) ready ? Cate click '' print '' on the computer -- they stand over the 3d printer . a perfect glass replica of the necklace be birthed into a three dimensional life before they eye . it 's massive , almost a foot long , at least five pound -- astonish . time CUT to : int . theater - later everyone be good and drunk . the crew be gather round . constance freestyle from the front of the stage as she cohort look up she from the front row . ( note : to be play over footage prepare for the heist . ) tammy . tease she about she crush on Debbie and run a side hustle fencing . nine ball -- who life in the dark web . stealin 's shit we do not even know about ... then rose -- tease she about dress like a wizard of 0z witch . broomstick etc .. amita -- she sister . they both have wrist band . where be you last night girl ... amita embarrassed . leap from the stage landing in front of ... debbie and cate -- her boss . bobbsey twin boss bitches , salute the two of they . '' can I have the night off ? '' CUT to : 56 . ext . caesar palace pool - day ( flashback ) Deb lie on a chaise lounge eye close . a shadow cross over she . cate ( 0.s. ) hello . int . casino - later Deb and Cate stand at the roulette wheel as total stranger . Cate dress stylishly be park at the end . Deb be higher upon the wheel enthusiastically betting red and black . Deb downs a cocktail with flourish then call out for another ... debbie Dr. pepper and Jack please . no ice . even the waitress be incredulous and nod . the croupier spin the ball . Cate put two chip on a column bet . the ball fall onto a red number ... debbie ( cont ’d ) yes ! rojo ! awesome ! better red than dead ... ( and then ) woohooo ... cate during the commotion past -post five chip on she column bet - switch out high denomination for low one . as the croupier go to pay she , she correct he . cate actually , that be thousand on the bottom . CUT to : a HOTEL bed a open suitcase , strewn clothes and twenty dollar bill . wider Deb watch tv while Cate count the haul . cate nine thousand and sixty . debbie ( turn ) that 's all ? CUT to : 57. italy . ( ocean 's twelve ) restaurant - one year later ... have complete the heist , Danny and he team clink glass . it 's a party : laughter , congratulation , poker game , champagne . CUT to : casino queen riverboat and resort . ST louis , mo . Deb and Cate sit in the paddlewheel Grill near the stern . a man in suspender and arm garter serenade on a banjo . debbie do you play with boy when you be little ? cate only . ( beat ) «-- you ? debbie sometimes . he would not let I most of the time . he have tell my parent he be watch I and then he have ditch I . cate let it go , Deb . debbie two and a half million dollar . ( incredulous ) in art . cate you say you be not gonna read about it . debbie I read about it . ( beat ) and what be we do ? we be grind it out in shitty casino 's every night . we have even run out of casinos . now we be in riverboat . cate it 's not actually a riverboat . debbie it float . cate touché. 58 . debbie we should not even be here . we should be at caesar lie in a cabana . ( manic ) we need something bigger . cate no . we do not need something bigger . debbie ido . I need it . CUT to : a JOHN singer sargent ( the present ) priceless . int . metropolitan museum of art - american wing Debbie move through the art , search for the right spot -- she wear a scarf , she hat dip low , a backpack . angle on Madame X -- Debbie stare up at it . angle on Warhol 's Chairman mao -- Debbie appraise ... angle on Washington cross the delaware -- she look at the painting -- nod to amita who peruse the hall . amita approach the guard . angle on - amita and the guard amita ( unfold a map ) hi , can you help I with something ? I be a bit lose -- room guard of course , mar ’am . 59 . amita I feel like I be walk in circle . so I come from Egypt -- back there ... room guard mesopotamia -- amita ( fancy ) oh , huh -- ( be : map ) but now we be in America ... very confusing . angle on - debbie , other side of the room she take out she backpack and pull out what look like a roll up poster . it shine as if it be make of latex -- angle on - amita and the guard room guard no , that 's french impressionism -- amita oh -- I love french impressionism ! ( check the periphery / flirtatious ) must be amazing be around this art all the time . suddenly , there 's commotion , a crowd surround a painting -- the Guard do not know what 's go on . room guard ( to amita ) ' scuse I . he run over . pushes through the crowd -- guard Pov a replica of WASHINGTON crossing the delaware have be plaster to the wall -- except all the man in the boat be women : white , black and Native american . affix to the wall next to the original -- stun and surreal . CUT to : instagram : banksy hit the met # banksy #guerillaart #neareverygreatmanisagreatwoman twitter : a scroll of tweet '' banksy Hit the met twitterpic '' 60 . '' how much you want to bet the new banksy piece end up in the permanent collection . '' '' George Washington be a chick !?! " '' met president ( 0.s. ) this be a major security breech . CUT to : a HOTEL room Debbie , Cate , and tammy sit on a bed wearing headphone . nine Ball sit perch in a window point a laser mic at a building across the street : look like a gun -- work like a mic . chad ( 0.s. ) ( over headphone ) he do it at the tate , too . ext . window - conf room - mccalister security consulting -— day a red laser dot appear on the window . met president ( 0.s. ) so this be acceptable to you ? int . conference room - day chad mccalister not acceptable . but it 's not like he steal something . he just add something , right ? now you have a banksy at the met . silence . met president when we hire you to overhaul the system you say , and I quote , '' the redundancy of this system would render any breach ... '' chad mccallister I know what it say . met president be this a breach ? chad mccallister technically . met president well -- this feel kind of technical . ( more ) 61 . met president ( cont 'd ) ( nothing back ... ) what be you go to about it ? int . HOTEL room - day nine ball yeah , douche bag . debbie shh . chad ( v.o . ) obviously , we will do a full audit of the system and plug any major hole . debbie yess ! met president ( v.o. ) when ? chad ( v.o. ) we will start immediately . hi-five all around . int . cate 's nine Ball S theater - upstair loft ( rehearsal space ) - night have hack into main security program for the met . everyone gather around she monitor . nine Ball appear on nine ball ok , I be in . any change they make we can see and over - write , but they can see we change too . tammy be that a problem ? debbie not with what we be change . they have so much on they plate , they will not even notice . ( to nine Ball ) show ‘em the gallery . click a few time and a huge array of camera the screen . it 's a grid of eighty image . constance wo. debbie that 's a gallery . but this be the hallway outside the cafe . 62 . she nudge nine Ball who click again . only two image pop up . debbie ( cont 'd ) see -- they be watch the art . they do not care about a bathroom . tammy that 's smart . debbie all we need be a blind spot in the hall outside the bathroom . ten foot should do it . which be nothing compare to the change they be gonna be make . ( smile ) and it be not even a real banksy . CUT to : a real banksy . int . vogue magazine reception area — day receptionist good afternoon , vogue ... close up . the back of anna wintour head : a icon one of the most famous silhouettes in New York sit at she desk . all at once , Anna 's assistant stick she head in door . anna wintour what ? assistant that interview ? gala staff position ? anna wintour be you serious ? assistant friend of harvey 's . anna wintour Fine . hire she . CUT to : tammy . now be LED down a hall anna 's assistant we be really short on desk space right now , so you will be down here . tammy glance to she leave at a large conference room enclose in glass . 63 . moving Pov . ( slight slow mo - floating ) through google glass there , on the wall , like a object of holy worship be the met Ball seating chart . assistant hurry up . CUT to : int . cate 's theater - night tammy enter , tired , lug down the center aisle . tammy ok . this party be nut ... everyone turn as she head toward the stage . tammy ( cont 'd ) I be not kid . if Anna think you dress be ugly -- you can not wear it . no shit . she will bar you wardrobe . can I have a sip of that . constance sure . tammy last year she get in a fight with one of the designer two day before the event -- and no one be allow to wear he clothes ! for real . Black -ball . she take a swig of the water , open a bag of chip . tammy ( cont 'd ) sorry , I have not eat all day . ( stuff some chip ) tables cost a quarter million dollar -- that be , if she decide to let you buy one . not any $ 250,000 check be accept , they literally have to approve you money ! Debbie reach out and wipe a chip crumb from tammy 's mouth . tammy inhale slightly at the touch . Cate look at Debbie : " stop torture the poor girl . " debbie do you get the seating chart ? 64 . tammy oh yeah . of course . she remove she Google glass and dangle they towards Debbie ... CUT to : computer monitor . upstair loft ( rehearsal space ) nine ball sit back at the control . the glass sit ina charge dock as the seating chart appear in front in front of they . it 's hard not to be impressed . constance wo. like -- Leo , Leo ? rose weil there 's only one Leo , dear . nine ball elon musk . tammy ( turn ) really ? nine ball I be such a musk -a-teer . amita ( slight giggle ) omigod ! Taylor Swift . constance ( join in / to amita ) you be so white . debbie guy . please . where be she ? tammy table three , four o'clock . it 's the straightest shot to the bathroom without put she in siberia . debbie great . tammy Anna sign - off on all of she change by email , so ... nine ball not a problem . I have get she email . 65 . amita do you have everyone 's email ? nine ball who do you want ? cate ( point ) there 's a blank spot right next to she . tammy that 's for she date . cate who 's she date ? debbie ( quickly ) no idea . shoot a look at tammy ... CUT to : int . per SE restaurant - night a pre-party for the chair of the gala -- daphne be already seat at she table . klaus stroll up , glance down at he place card . daphne look up . smile . he take she hand ... klaus I think they put I next to you . daphne kluger lucky I . tammy dress as wait staff watch from a portico . she 's rivete on the introduction . angle . klaus klaus ( kissing she hand ) klaus gunther -- a hand kiss ? really ? klaus slither into the chair beside she -- one smooth reptilian move . CUT to : dinner . later . tammy 's Pov daphne and klaus laugh , lean closer , silhouett by candlelight . daphne 's voice cut through ... 66 . daphne kluger that 's dirty ... CUT to : '' the seating chart '' the blank space next to daphne kluger be fill in with the name klaus gunther . she have a date now . angle . cate she hover over nine Ball stare at the newest version of the seating chart . klaus gunther ... ext . theater - alley out back Cate burst through the double door at the back of the theater , fling they open at once . Debbie be smoking out back and Cate be on she in a fury . cate what the fuck . really ? debbie ( turn ) really what ? cate you could not leave it alone ? klaus gunther ! debbie that 's not I . cate stop . I be not a croupier . ora tourist with a bucket of quarter . or a hotel manager . do not con I . do not run a job in a job . debbie it 's not go to matter . cate fuck you ! debbie ( be : the other ) shh . cate why do you do this ? why can not you just do a job ? why do it always need a asterisk ? wide frozen . 67 . debbie he send I to jail . cate and he 's gonna do it again . debbie no , he 's not . cate I be out . wo. cate ( cont 'd ) I mean it . you give I a off ramp . I be take it . debbie Cate ... cate you be frame he . it 's not enough to make a gajillion dollar , you have to pin it on he too ? where do it end ? this be just like last time . debbie no it 's not . ( panicked ) Fine . I wont do it . I x11 call it off . cate oh good . glad we have this talk . I feel all better now . debbie I mean it . ( then ... ) you have never be in there . you do not know what it 's like . cate and I do not want to find out . debbie you will not . I promise . Deb extend she hand . leave it out there for a eternity . cate ( look up the block ) who 's that ? 68 . she motion toward a Crown Victoria park at the curb . a man sit at the wheel . debbie I do not know . some guy . Cate reach out and slowly take she hand . they shake . CUT to : int . casino queen - paddlewheel grill ( flashback ) Deb and Cate seat in the restaurant of the cheesy casino . debbie we need something bigger . cate no . we do not need something bigger . debbie ido . I need it . int . cipriani - manhattan - night Deb sit across from klaus gunther : bleach smile and sslick back hair . debbie so what do I have to do ? CUT to : klaus 's bed he and Debbie ( post coital ) lie in he sheet . klaus it 's not really a forgery because we be not copying any know painting . it 's previously undiscovered work . debbie gotcha . klaus I can not sign the provenance because they know I but ... debbie it 's still fraud . klaus that 's not clear . 69 . int . SMALL bar - lower east side Cate 's first club . there be not much room . cate it 's still fraud . debbie that 's not clear . cate I know klaus gunther . I have know he for ten year . debbie oh , yeah . he want you do it too . he can not front as the owner because they know he . cate I be sure they do . debbie the sale go through he gallery , Cate . he 's on the line too . one signature . half a million dollar cate yeah . that will show you brother . debbie no. ( point ) that ’1ll mean we can stop hit shitty casinos on the gulf coast . cate I be out . debbie fine. cate do not trust he , deb. debbie ( smile ) who say I trust he . int . cipriani - this time lunch ... Deb sit alone wait for klaus . check she watch . she 's eat a whole breadbasket . suddenly ... man' voice ( 0.s. ) be you deborah Ocean ? 70 . she look up ... int . jail Deb , dress in a orange jumpsuit carry bedding toward the camera ... CUT to : ext . pretzel stand - central park - the next day Debbie stand in front of she crew -- dress significantly better now . Cate stand off to the side , among the other . debbie ok , remember -- this be a run - through . it 's where we make mistake . nobody panic , this be why we do this . if something happen and you do not expect it , it 's no big deal . we roll with it , regroup later . ( a beat ) any question ? CUT to : int . metropolitan museum of art - later that night constance , as she put on she audio guide , move through late hour at the met . a little looser and boozier than the normal crowd . Young professional mill about . nine ball ( v.o. ) okay , here we go -- int . HOTEL room - MARK HOTEL - night the Mark be the the Hotel of Choice for all gala attendee -- we headquarters for the night -- the new , temporary War room . a monitor show a mini version of the Security hub monitor . nine ball have hack into the system . nine ball place , lady ... int . metropolitan museum of art - same constance put she foot up on a bench to tie she shoe , next to where a elderly museum - goer sit . constance take off she headset , place it on the bench next to she so she can pull back she hair . the elderly Museum - goer rise , gather she thing and depart . constance do so a few moment after . 71 . nine ball ( headset ) constance , go -- get move -- constance do not move . nine ball ( cont 'd ) ( louder ) I say , '' go ! '' a elderly woman ... hear nine Ball yelling at she in the met audio guide . she tap she headphone . constance look equally perplex : constance who 's winslow Homer ? the elderly Museum - goer be next to she -- hearing nine Ball 's shout grow more obscene . elderly museum-goer be it suppose to be interactive ? why be this painting yell at I ? constance look at the bewilder museum - goer , realize the headsets have be switch . she take the real one from the elderly woman 's hand . back on track . constance okay , okay , I be here . nine ball ( on the headset ) back to one . like you be come out of the bathroom . she hurry over to the door of the woman 's bathroom . nine ball ( cont 'd ) move . constance emerge and pass Debbie just outside the bathroom . she hand she a string of mardi gras bead as a stand - in for the necklace . debbie take off the other direction move through the gallery ... nine ball ( v.o. ) Legit . 72 . int . american wing - metropolitian museum of art Debbie keep move past George bellow , Thomas hart benton , eakins , then slow ... debbie saul ? she stop . turns. saul Bloom ( Carl reiner ) be admire a painting by William merrit chase . she move closer . he turn as if surprised . saul oh ! my goodness . I can not believe it ! hello -- you look gorgeous . debbie what be you do here ? saul you know . Art . I love this guy . Big fan . he motion toward the painting . Deb stand in front of the label describe the painting . debbie who 's it by ? saul aw , c’mon . do not do that . I care about you . be that a sin ? debbie when you meddle . yes . saul I be a 90 year old Jew . meddle be all that 's leave . she start to leave . saul ( cont 'd ) wait ! he shuffles to keep up with she . take she arm ... saul ( cont 'd ) can we sit down ? saul be a little out of breath . they sit on the padded bench in front of the painting . saul 's wipe some sweat with a handkerchief . saul ( cont 'd ) this be not go to work . 73 . debbie you do not know that . he wince -- a expression of jewish doubt . suck air through he tooth . debbie ( cont 'd ) why be you still listen to my brother , saul ? he 's dead . saul he love you . he do not want you to go to jail . debbie he have no idea who I be . saul oy . ( kid ) you can not argue with a dead person sweetie . my sadie ? I argue with she for year . I have even go out to the cemetery . you know how crazy that look -- a old man yell at tombstone ? ( pat she hand ) leave it . debbie I have . saul ( look around the museum ) no , you have not . debbie this have nothing to do with he . saul ok . come out to the house sometime . we can play card . debbie no way . I have play card with you . saul then we can have some smoke fish . debbie deal . she lean over and kiss he on the cheek . saul smile . he pat she hand . 74 . saul ( lower ) if you want to fight with somebody , that guy tailing you be good place to start . debbie ( a whisper ) the one 's in the Crown vic? saul ( impressed ) yeah . ( beat ) you might be ok after all . he push himself up and head off into the museum . ext . met a Crown Victoria sit park on 80th Street . across the STREET . edge of the park Debbie stand in the shadow of a food cart look at it . her Pov two man sit at the windshield of the car look across at the meet . Deb turn and head off into the park ... ext . central park — later the team be already meeting when Debbie arrive . Cate approach . cate what happen to you ? debbie take the long way . cate how 's saul ? debbie worried . cate I too . debbie we be fine . cate the girl be wait . I get they all ice cream . 75 . Deb nod . head off down the path . Cate hesitates ... ext . new jersey - and it look like it a rental car roll through industrial detritus . ext . sheet metal fabrication in the distance we see Cate talk to the owner demonstrate what look to be the outline of a box with she hand . she mime the dimension . roughly two by three ... truck rental agency Cate sign a agreement for a plain white panel truck . int . fishing store - rusty 's bait and tackle she stand at the counter buy reel of monofilament fishing line . int . apple store Cate be in line buy six large iphone . ext . theater - dusk Debbie wander out into the fade light to see the Crown Victoria park down the block . moving with her Deb cross to the car and be just about to confront they when she look up to see ... Cate , round the corner from the other direction . they pause at the car , smile at each other . Deb tap on the window and they roll it down slowly . debbie ( lean in ) hey guy . this be my friend Cate . we be gonna be in for most of the night so if you want to run out and grab a bite or something it 's fine . Cate smile . nod . cate and if you need a bathroom just knock on the door . there 's a good lebanese place round the corner . the girl turn and head toward the theater . debbie where you be ? 76 . cate odd and end . as they head inside . CUT to : dawn over Manhattan . sunlight peek over the park . int . stairway - metropolitian museum of art - day the Silver carpet cascade down the front stair of the met -- game day -- the met itself be in wardrobe prep -- worker string up thousand of yard of light -- flowers truck in -- rose , hydrangeas , peony . staff arrange table and chair -- the PRESS stand be raise -- assistant affix seat label for each news outlet in order of importance . CUT to : int . cate 's theater - early afternoon a silent ritual . everyone move around prepare they piece of the puzzle . a couple of they wear ear bud , in the zone . ext . tifanny 's headquarters - morning a armored car ( brink ) wait with the engine run . two guard carry a large-strong box with the harrington necklace in it . int . penthouse suite - the MARK HOTEL - evening daphne walk in dress in heel and lingerie , hair in curler , drink whiskey . she sit in a director 's chair as a team of make - up people go to town . a manicurist take she hand , another work on she foot -- int . theater six woman ( Rose be miss ) , be dress to the nine in front of a wall mirror . finish touch be apply : hair tweak , mascara , re-apply lipstick ... 77 . ext . MARK HOTEL - same the brink truck arrive in the front of the hotel . int . lobby - MARK HOTEL Rose stand at the elevator door look up at the floor indicator . as it descend toward she she grow more and more nauseous , stifling a gag as the door open ... int . penthouse suite - the MARK HOTEL - minute later daphne , now in a robe , be get she hair spray , she eye - shadow blend . she glance in the mirror in front of she to see Rose and two man in suit behind she . daphne kluger be that it ? Rose nod and stand to the side . the two guard from Tiffany 's move into the room , carry a large velvet jewel box . there be a weird ceremony to all of this : the place go quiet ; the man march forward in a even cadence . Rose cross behind daphne as the harrington be reveal ... daphne Holy shit . on rose she reach forward and open the top of daphne 's robe , revealing the nape of she neck . Rose put the harrington around she neck and fasten the clasp : it sound like tumbler click . rose weil might be a little cold . daphne and heavy . the mirror glitter -- it 's almost celestial . rose weil ( deep breath ) ok . let 's get this off and get you dress . she reach up and start to fiddle with the clasp which do not seem to open . titus ( tiffany guard ) oh -- can not get it off like that . he step forward pull out a small pen like cylinder . 78 . titus ( cont 'd ) special clasp . need this magnet . titus cross behind she and fit the device over the clasp . he give it a half turn and the necklace unlock . close up . rose she be somewhere between ashen and light green . Rose take quick shallow gasp clutching the arm of the chair . rose weil oh that 's ... brill -- iant. ( force smile ) let I see that again . titus , full of pride fasten the clasp , then show the small magnetic cylinder like a magician demonstrate a trick . daphne take in all of this from the mirror . the necklace . titus behind she ... and behind he Rose who steady herself with one hand , clutching she iphone in the other . daphne 's Pov . rose 's iphone ( tight ) she point it at the back of daphne 's neck . int . warehouse the woman have load most of a white panel truck and be about to head out when Debbie get a text . closer . debbie she turn the same color as Rose . motion for Cate . cate what ? debbie not ... ( try to swallow ) ... good . there Pov . very shaky video of titus 's hand turn the clasp . titus ( on the video ) '' see it 's the magnet that do it . '' 79 . int . brooklyn apartment nine ball 's little sister Veronica ( 15 year old ) be capture a pokemon go character on she fire escape . her phone ring , interrupt the capture . veronica goddamn it . nine ball hey . veronica I be about to catch a rhyhorn , Leslie . what do you want ? int . loft they huddle around a speaker phone . constance ( turn ) Leslie ? nine ball I will kill you . ( to she sister ) we be in a jam , sis . need you help . int . subway Veronica have a array of magnet spread over the seat beside she . she try to look at the shaky video , speak to nine Ball on the speaker phone . veronica I think I get it . just a magnet with double a battery . I '’11 give she a positive and a negative pole so she can flip around when she 's use it . int . van Cate drive . everyone hang on the conversation . nine ball ( into phone ) awesome , V. tammy really ? she fix it ? nine Ball shoot a look : '' of course she fix it . '' 80 . amita ( suddenly point ) whoa ! there Pov . the met ... the bleacher be in place , the carpet out , spotlight position , camera everywhere -- it look almost regal . CUT to : int . hallway - MARK HOTEL the elevator door open to reveal -- daphne who look stunning in a long - sleeve black velvet dress that hug every curve . a twelve foot train , and a plunging - neckline frame the world 's most valuable necklace . CUT to : the met loading dock the van screech to a halt . Debbie bolt from the passenger door . Veronica do the same look for she sister when she hear a loud whistle ... reverse angle . central park ( behind the met ) Veronica appear jogging through a child 's playground in Stan smith and a vintage flower dress . she run up to Deb and she sister . veronica that shit be hectic over there . get chase by a cop . nine ball this be my sister , Veronica . veronica ( smile ) hey . Veronica hand she the magnet . nine ball very tight . I owe you . veronica just get I a new id . and she jog away . debbie what do you parent do ? 81 . ext . red carpet - met gala the bleacher be in place , the carpet out , spotlight pierce the heaven . closer . PRESS line . flashbulb thousand of they , refracting off the silver carpet . daphne -- the dress somehow look more radiant on the silver carpet , with the full - effect of the train -- klaus on she arm . look like just another accessory , albeit a handsome one . the flash go even crazier . he step aside to allow ... rose -- she moment in the limelight . she bask ( nervously ) as the name '' rose weil '' echoes over the PA system -- constance be in deep bg , follow Rose , follow daphne . nine ball ( v.o. ) ( into she earpiece ) you get the paste ? constance ( replying ) copy . she be dwarf by the necklace 's security guard -- juda and titus . CUT to : a halal cart steam shawarma waft through the air . the outside be decorate with glossy laminate photo of they cuisine . inside the halal cart nine Ball be set up with a full console of monitor , a work station and headphone . CUT to : 82. ext . fifth ave - red carpet with each arrive limo there be a bigger and more beautiful STAR -- Sarah jessica parker in oscar de le renta , rihanna in Alexander wang , Taylor Swift in prada , Kim kardashian and kanye West in balmain . haute couture mayhem -- as the camera and crowd go wild . angle on - debbie exiting she limo , look pretty damn amazing in she own gown , but no one take much notice of she . it 's a pretty dress . no twelve foot train , but way better than a orange jump suit . int . met it 's be transformed . the huge entrance hall be now the grandest ballroom in the world . Debbie scan the famous face finally settling on ... daphne and klaus now a glamorous couple . all Deb 's own do and still it sting . CUT to : int . halal cart nine Ball eat a falafel at the same time . Cate hover behind she buttone a chef 's toque . she stare at the monitor . nine ball place check -- int . temple of dendur - tammy do final check over the table , speak into she headset . tammy ready to sit -- the party at full steam in the costume exhibit -- the party - goer move down four mirrore hallway , pass glass case that show off -- 83 . dress made of jewel rubies , diamond and emerald from the House of Worth , chanel , dior , givenchy ... daphne and klaus ... stroll through the exhibit . moving with debbie she watch they . daphne and klaus utterly unfaze , they pause in front of : a matte black infinity . the room look like it extend for a football field . the black sky be punctuate by floating jewel -- each they own supernova : diamond , sapphire , ruby , emerald , they gleam as if emit they own light . they float in space , suspend from the ceiling , each describe a invisible human form . it 's like yayoi kusama 's infinity room but way cooler and a lot more expensive . a million dot of light into infinity -- a celestial wonder . int . halal cart Cate watch the monitor , where klaus gunther lean over and whisper something to daphne who throw she head back in a peel of laughter . Cate do not react . she turn and leave . int . temple of dendur ( dine room ) on the stage at the front of the hall , a jazz quartet play . the room fill with slightly lubricate guest . everyone migrate toward they seat , appraise dress they have yet to see , people with whom they have not schmooze -- tammy observes ... daphne and klaus : a suprisingly - great-first - date energy between they . they move to they table -- rose ... already sit , enjoy she second glass of wine . daphne and klaus take they place next to she . ( top designer be always seat next to the '' design . '' ) constance ... do a pass by of the table -- glance down at the clasp . 84 . her Pov : it 's sit in the middle of daphne 's neck like the wheel on a safe . constance clutch the small '' pen light '' magnet , practice -- work it in she finger . she drift off into the party ... on the other side of the party ... Debbie have not take she eye off of daphne and klaus . he lean in and whisper to daphne , half nibble she ear . whatever . int . halal cart nine Ball watch klaus still nibble daphne 's ear on the monitor . it 's gross even in low re video . nine ball okay , we be ready . countdown -- in 3 , 2,1 -- int . kitchen - same Cate now dress in she toque , turn to a waiter : cate table 3 : we need a vegan and a plain broil fish ... ( as if a throw - away ) where 's the soup for table one ? waiter over here . she see the bowl line up -- insert . bottle of ipecac Cate pull the small brown bottle from she pocket . CUT to : tight on a BOWL of soup we move with the steaming ( now spike ) bisque through the great party in the world . gliding by peripherally on the edge of the frame be glimpsis of : selena Gomez , Michael B Jordan , megyn Kelly , laverne Cox , Neil Patrick Harris etc ... angle . table one where klaus be , not surprisingly , hold court . 85 . klaus .-.- but then again , I have always be a keen admirer of the female form . daphne kluger huh ? the Soup land in front of daphne . daphne kluger ( cont ’d ) oh , thank God . she grab she spoon and instead of bring cutlery to mouth she reverse the process , nearly plunging into the steaming bowl . daphne be four spoon deep before she ever breathes . daphne kluger ( cont ’d ) ( be : she dress ) I have not eat in three day . she wipe she soup moustache with the back of she hand and plunge back in . wider . table no one else be eat . klaus stare at daphne 's mouthful of soup bread -- daphne kluger ( yeah , dickhead , I be hungry ) what ? juda and titus stand on the outskirt of the Temple . tammy ( into headset ) she 's in deep . maybe half a bowl . int . halal cart - same nine Ball watch the scene on she monitor -- nine ball alright everybody . here it come . int . women 's bathroom all do up with fancy table stand offer beauty product and mint and floral arrangement . constance blow into the room . constance we be up . 86 . int . temple of dendur - daphne 's table daphne kluger so I have three brother right -- totally vicious grow up . they would plan it out -- like pinto bean the night before , then in the morning two of they would hold I down while -- whoa . daphne hold she stomach . the digestion be audible -- daphne kluger ( cont ’d ) ... Cause you know -- brother can be ... ( audible stomach rumble ) God damn . all at once daphne bolt from the table flail in search of a bathroom . juda and titus follow suit . nine ball into she headset ... nine ball game on . debbie make for the bathroom as well . ext . lady room daphne elbow a matron out of the way just as -- debbie converge on the bathroom door . she wedge herself between daphne and titus , who follow a step behind she . debbie . Excuse I . he start to push past she . debbie I beg you pardon . that 's the lady room . she plant herself between titus and the door ... nine ball . at her control panel look down at she monitor . no deb. 87. nine ball that 's good ... you be right in the blind spot . int . bathroom daphne barrel into the door , hand over mouth -- she fling open the door to reveal constance about to sit on the toilet -- all accord to plan . constance oh , my -- daphne kluger move ! as daphne remove she hand , a torrent of vomit flow into the toilet -- the noise be loud and painful , as if she stomach be be excavate . after several wretch , constance soothes she , stroke daphne 's hair . the side of she cheek . the back of she neck ... constance there , there -- another wretch . constance ( cont ’d ) you poor thing . tight . constance 's hand . slow motion she pop the magnet out of she glove and fit it deftly over the clasp . a half twist and it do not move . up angle . daphne . from the BOWL she lift into frame bilious , gasp , then disappear all over again , hurl . resume . extreme close up . constance 's hand she flip it around from the positive to the negative pole and fit it over the clasp . a half turn and the SOUND of tumblers . tighter the harrington come loose fall out of frame ... 88. mid - AIR . slow motion as a necklace fall , constance deftly catch it ... CUT to : a different stall constance bolt inside , start wiggling out of she gown ... nine ball still look at she bank of monitor . nine ball ten second . tammy grab a bus boy who be carry a tray of dirty dish . tammy do not dawdle . get that stuff into the kitchen . and she guide he along the wall right past ... the bathroom where constance exit , now wear a server 's uniform , she hair pull back . she move past Debbie , cross path with the busboy and deftly slip the harrington necklace into he pile of dirty dish . debbie take it all in ... nine ball and monitor nothing on the camera . then , the bus boy appear ( emerge from the blind spot ) carry a tray of dirty dish . none of the woman be anywhere to be find . tracking shot . with bus boy ... he glide down the hall on he way to the kitchen where ... cate wait for he . int . halal cart nine ball be chart be progress on the overhead monitor . 89 . nine ball almost there ... moving with the busboy as he head toward the kitchen , then suddenly see a friend and_stop . different angle another busboy have deposit dirty dish , pause to gossip in the hallway . second busboy dude . gigi Hadid ? do you see that dress ? busboy do you see Emily rata-whatever . that 's insane . int . kitchen Cate wait near the entrance to the load dock look toward the door . she lean into she headset . cate ( whisper ) where be he ? what 's wrong ? debbie hear the chatter on she headset . debbie what 's go on ? int . halal cart nine Ball lean into the monitor . nine ball they be stall in the hallway . chatt . tammy ... hear it and take off toward the kitchen . she catch up to the busboy carry a tray of dirty dish and a hundred million dollar necklace . tammy what the hell be you do ! busboy sorry. 90 . tammy you be not get pay to talk . get in there . following the bus boy as he head up the hallway into ... the kitchen steam . shout . rattling plate . but where Cate be stand , now , there be ... no one Cate be go . the busboy enter look for a dish wash station . nine ball ( v.o. ) ( over the headset ) anybody get eye on Cate ? amita ( 0.s. ) here ! I x11 take that . reverse angle amita be scour the cutlery dress as a dishwasher . the bus boy dump he tray into she sink and head back toward the party . closer . amita she reach into the soapy water and fish around through the slime . all at once she stop ; know that feel . amita fish 150 million dollar out of the goop . her Pov it 's cover with gunk but still glisten . amita grab the overhead nozzle and rinse off the harrington necklace until it gleam . wider she stick it into she pocket and call out to the rest of the kitchen . amita bathroom break ! moving with her amita cross to the bathroom and lock the door behind she . 91 . int . employee bathroom ( single stall ) single toilet . sink. tampon dispenser . change table . amita draw a long breath and take out the harrington . wow . then she open the tampon dispenser , display a full array of jewler tool , neatly organize and fastened . amita dope . she grab the loupe and slip it on she head , then turn and open the change table : a work bench . int . halal cart nine ball be scan the various image . nine ball ( into headset ) where 's Cate . anybody ? need eye on Cate . at the party : entrance to the lady room Debbie be still loitering outside the door . feel like forever . she glance at titus then back at she watch ... debbie ( to nine Ball / in headset ) forget she . stay focus . tammy ( 0.s. ) you be avoid I . Debbie turn to see ... tammy stand next to she . debbie ( beat ) what ? tammy ( press close ) seriously . we be go to talk when I start , and then there be so much to get ready for , and then when I want to have a bigger conversation you say everyone be around and we need time if we want to have a '' real '' talk . so TI think great she want to have a '' real '' talk , but ... 92 . debbie can we just do this later ? tammy that 's all you ever say . debbie ( whisper ) like a hundred million dollar later ? tammy there 's never a good time . debbie honestly Tam , there be better time than this . tammy ok . and she walk away shake but proud of herself for have such a important , if difficult , conversation . angle . bathroom door daphne come out , pale green -- very pale . wipe she mouth ... daphne kluger that be gnarly . titus look relieved -- then not ... he Pov . close up . daphne kluger 's decolletage the harrington necklace be miss . daphne kluger ( feel they stare ) what ? one of they ( gently ) grab she . the other push past she into the bathroom -- CUT to : int . employee bathroom she have remove the first diamond from the harrington and hold it up to she loupe . slight gasp . 93 . edge of the dine room ... Debbie watch the panic build . daphne be surround by a security team who escort she back to the table . daphne kluger I be not sure . it could have fall off back here . or maybe in there ... I do not know , I just barf a organ out ... the phalanx move toward the table . Walkie-talky crackle . more security descend on the room . rose weil be you alright ? oh , you poor dear . klaus what 's go on ? what happen ? daphne kluger it must have fall off , or -- klaus ( see the miss necklace ) be you joke with I ? juda ( approach ) nothing in the bathroom -- daphne Jesus . rose weil maybe a spot of tea ... juda they be sealing the exit . int . halal cart nine ball exit be seal now . amita ? amita ( v.o. ) ( on the headset ) two earring and a bracelet . we be five minute ahead . nine ball cool . amita ( v.o. ) and they be nice . 94 , nine ball ( check the monitor ) excellent . sweep the room . int . MAIN hall the entire party be be guide into the foyer by security guard . int . temple of dendur most of the guest have be clear out leave the place weirdly empty -- a restaurant at close time . daphne and klaus be talk to security while people search the place . daphne kluger ( to the crowd ) I be just so sorry ... ( a distinction ) for real . int . exhibit it 's completely empty . Silent . glisten . now it do look like outer space ... int . MAIN hall a gala organizer speak into a wireless microphone . gala organizer ( too close -- feedback ) um -- we apologize for this interruption but -- someone have misplace a rather expensive item and they tell we we be go to have to stay here while they search . I have tell they this need to happen quickly so I be sure it will . I be confident that we will all be back to dessert shortly . int . temple of dendur as the security team furiously search , tammy be perch on the far side of the room -- closer she whisper into she headset -- tammy they be at table three , seven and ten . still a crowd around table one . give it a second . 95 . nine ball rodger that . Super chill . angle . table one it have be comb over . several of the security team glance at each other . nothing . they move on to table two ... int . employee bathroom amita work furiously . she 's already fashioned four set of earring , three ring , two necklace . she work on a bracelet . a pound at the door -- amita ( call out ) I be oc -u-pied ... she stare down at the complete bracelet in she hand . CUT to : int . kitchen Security guard use handheld metal detector to comb through the waitstaff -- security guard once you have be check , please head toward the far exit -- the kitchen staff begin to clear out . still no Cate . int . temple of dendur constance come blow through the entrance and slam into -- tammy who be head in the other direction . close up . slow motion ... constance 's leave hand deftly slip the paste ( the one from the 3d printer ) into tammy 's hand -- CUT to : int . halal cart nine Ball speak into she headset . nine ball all go down . Police come , Tiffany 's come . bunch of news reporter come . shit 's blowin 's up. 96 . int . temple of dendur daphne sit at she table , stunne . titus Ms. kluger -- be there anything you do or anyone you talk to between you table and the bathroom ? daphne kluger I be barfing . titus I understand that . do you remember still have the necklace when you be seat at ... tammy oh my god ! ( loud , eager ) found it ! they turn . tammy ... pull the necklace from a crease in the table cloth hold up the necklace ( paste ) like a trophy . daphne kluger thank fuck god. tammy it be under the tablecloth -- ina crease . in the table . you know where they fold ... ( be : security ) maybe you just do not see it the first time or something ... titus ( into he earpiece ) we get it back . CUT to : int . employee bathroom amita clean up she workstation -- she wear a new pair of brilliant earring . a knock on the door . amita open it . constance slide in the bathroom . 97 . constance ( see the jewel ) wo. sick . constance start pockete the rest of the new jewelery . amita be careful . there 's glue . constance nod ( sure whatever ) . slip out of the room which be now just ... a bathroom . ext . halal cart nine Ball emerge from she falafel stand wear couture . she head across the street toward the met . int . MAIN entrance hall - metropolitian museum of art daphne now stand on the stair above the main hall , while klaus ( gallantly ) place the necklace around she neck . klaus if I may ... cameras flash , seize upon the intimate moment . anna wintour thank you , Ms. kluger , for the excitement . ( a beat , to the crowd ) let 's finish the party , shall we . everyone file back in -- calm , bond by the trauma , joyful , a little less formal and more fun -- long lens . constance as she move through the party ... past tammy ... past Rose pound down a last glass of champagne ... past nine Ball who be now a radiant partygoer .... finally face to face with debbie ... closer constance pretend to trip , grab onto Debbie momentarily -- constance oh , sorry . ' scuse I . constance catch she balance and move on . 98 . debbie look down at a gorgeous diamond necklace in she hand . int . temple of dendur - later tony bennett and Lady gaga perform '' diamond be a girl 's best friend . '' the entire party be happy and booz up . ext . metropolitan museum of art constance exit the Museum , back in she ball gown -- hot pink , strapless , and satin -- now adorn with a beautiful diamond pendant and match earring -- amita , too , have change into a ball gown -- deep purple offset by diamond and emerald that dangle from she ear -- nine Ball emerge in a impeccable satin tuxedo with a massive ring and match necklace . tammy descend . Forest green a-line dress -- a strand of diamond looped twice around she neck . Rose swagger out , a little loose and loving it -- a_new diamond choker grace she neck . Debbie float down the step -- wear she new necklace -- a chain choker in the front and a long drop chain cascade down she backless dress . no Cate . Debbie check she watch . glance around . be just about to check it again when she look up ... debbie' Pov : cate transform , descend the stair in a bright yellow ball gown wear long dangle diamond earring . she lock eye with Debbie . slight nod . CUT to : int . 24 hour diner - 4 am neon sign in the window , '' ATM , '' '' coffee , '' '' OPEN . '' the bell on the door ring -- amita enter , sit at the counter . she look at the menu . constance enter -- constance just one -- she take a seat a couple stool down from amita . nine Ball arrive , nod to the other woman , sit . tammy enter , still scrolling on she phone . Rose come , still waste . 99 . she try to play the claw - game -- but she have not put in any money . she find she way to the counter -- rose weil oh , helloooo . Debbie and Cate enter together , take the two middle seat . they all wear the jewel as they look up and smile . ext . diner - wide it look Edward Hopper 's nighthawks but instead of normal patron there be eight woman wear over 200 million dollar in jewelry . dissolve to : int . tiffany 's vault - day the two large Security Guards carry the box down the hall toward the wait associate . angle on - the associate 's face as he lift the lid . he wear a loupe . he take the necklace up in he hand , inspect in under the light -- and nearly pass out -- CUT to : ext . tiffany's headquarters - later a old - school yellow cab screech up . JOHN frazier , late 40' , Men 's warehouse suit from he yearly trip to the hackensack outlet , salt - of - the-earth , exit . he inhale , look around , head in . int . tiffany 's conference room - later the Tiffany 's associate sit at the table , shaking , give into the fact that even in he worst nightmare he could not conjure up the circumstance which he be now experience . JOHN frazier so you be certain the necklace in you possession be a paste ? tiffany 's associate ( shudder ) yes . JOHN frazier and when do you last see what you believe to be the authentic item ? 100 . tiffany 's associate last night , in Ms. kluger 's suite . JOHN frazier now Larry -- may I call you Larry ? tiffany 's associate lawrence -- JOHN frazier my experience be , sooner or later people want to be reward for they patience . ( take out a toothpick , pick with vigilance ) a necklace that 's be sit ina vault for 30 year be not do anyone any good . nobody 's see it , no one even know what it be . but you place that necklace on a very well - know young lady , on a evening where say placement get lot of play and attention and all of sudden everyone and they mother know about that necklace . that necklace become very famous , very quickly -- right ? tiffany associate yes ... JOHN frazier and then if that necklace go miss ? John grab every daily paper from he bag , throw they on the table -- all the headline be about the necklace . JOHN frazier ( cont ’d ) well what else would people talk about ? that 's a tale of scandal and intrigue that get people talk and buy . ( almost whisper ) and what they do not know be it be insure for $ 270 million -- so now you be up a quarter billion dollar , you name 's in everyone 's mouth , and you be miss a little necklace that no one have ever see anyway . you get the publicity and the money . tiffany 's associate be you accuse we -- 101 . JOHN frazier merely float a theory -- ( smile ) that 's my job . see if it be I , I would do it early in the night . get it off we hand quick . tiffany associate what be you suggest ? JOHN frazier speculate . that it be not the real necklace to begin with . that someone swap it out before it even go on Ms. kluger 's neck -- tiffany 's associate I guarantee the necklace on Ms. kluger 's neck when she leave that hotel be the real one -- John frazier shrug . prelap : JOHN frazier so tell I again how you remember it . time CUT to : int . tiffany 's conference room - later John stand in front of four massive cloth cover board -- he have transformed the Conference room into Ground Zero for he investigation . daphne kluger they put the necklace on I , I do my silly walk , we see the exhibit , I eat my soup , hurl my gut out -- the necklace be go , everyone freak out and then they find the necklace again . frazier take the clothes off the board behind he -- they reveal daphne 's entire night reconstruct with image from getty , buzzfeed , instagram , paparazzi and Security footage . in most of the image , klaus be stand right next to she . JOHN frazier thank you , Ms. kluger . fortunately , I have be able to trace every step of you night as rely on you memory would be -- well -- less dependable consider you level of refreshment . ( more ) 102 . JOHN frazier ( cont 'd ) so as you can see in all of this photo , there be a young man stand next to you -- Mr. klaus von gunther ? daphne kluger he be my date -- JOHN frazier ( amaze ) be that he real name ? daphne kluger I have no idea . JOHN frazier german ? daphne kluger austrian . JOHN frazier six o’ one . be there ever a time when you two be alone while you be wear the necklace ? daphne lock eye with he -- flash CUT to : daphne and klaus ( flashback ) passionately make out against a wall in a dark corner of a Gallery -- CUT to : int . conference room - tifany 's - resume daphne kluger no. John look over the image of klaus and daphne -- he be touch she neck a lot , as if covete the necklace . John sit on the edge of the table -- JOHN frazier do you suspect he would have any motivation to take the necklace ? daphne kluger I try not to guess about people 's motivation . they tend to show you . 103 . JOHN frazier that 's a sufficiently vague answer . ( beat -- look at the board ) you know , I have every minute account for except five -- he look down at a sheet of paper on the table -- JOHN frazier ( cont ’d ) well , four minute , 48 second to be exact . daphne kluger I be probably rub one out . JOHN frazier they say you be charming . ( beat ) funnily enough , the unaccount for minute do line up with when you be dispose by you sickness . daphne kluger when I be throw up ? JOHN frazier be there anyone in the bathroom with you at the time ? daphne kluger my head be at the bottom of a toilet bowl . JOHN frazier how bout after -- daphne kluger lot of people . JOHN frazier I mean in the bathroom . daphne kluger do not you have camera in there ? JOHN frazier sadly no . legal thing . whoever take this necklace be pretty smart and probably a woman . or someone dress as such . or maybe this german fellow but that 's a bit of a reach . he lay out photo of daphne with Rose , tammy , and Debbie in the background -- they be zoom in or from the edge of photo of she -- the cobbling together take a long time . 104 . JOHN frazier ( cont ’d ) do you know any of this woman ? daphne kluger that 's Rose Weil , she design my gown , which you obviously know , that chick be some type of event planner , I think , and she -- I have never see before in my life . int . cate 's theater - day the team dismantle they headquarters . the replica of the main exhibit still stand in the background . everyone glance up at the sound of heel click against the wood of the stage ... daphne kluger you guy be fuck . she enter from stage right and wander over to a large investigation board -- daphne kluger ( cont ’d ) wow . it 's like everyone watch homeland and get idea -- photo of klaus and daphne throughout the night -- he seem enamoure with the necklace . daphne kluger ( cont ’d ) ( be : the board ) can I keep this ? tammy you be trespasp . cate we ask she to come . daphne grab a apple from the table and plop ( crash - land ) on the couch . all eye turn to Debbie and Cate . debbie ( deep breath ) I realize about a week ago that Ms. kluger ... daphne kluger be not a total fuck idiot . debbie might have get a sense of what we be do . 105 . tight shot . crown victoria . ( flashback ) the big guy and bald guy be park outside Cate 's warehouse . a knuckle rap on the window . it roll down to reveal -- debbie who extend a fold note . debbie Chuck . Victor . hi. could you take this to you boss please . I have like a word with she . int . juice bar daphne drink something green as she read Deb 's note . chuck and there 's some paparazzi outside too , Ms. kluger . daphne kluger ( engross / read the note ) shh . resume . warehouse the rest of the woman pay rapt attention . debbie so we figure the only way this might work be to take she into we confidence . daphne take a huge bite of she granny smith . daphne kluger ( mouthful ) I even throw up for real . tammy you be in the whole time ? cate recently . daphane kluger ( preens ) one take , baby . debbie and it seem to we -- that eight share of a hundred and thirty million be better than seven share of nothing . right ? 106 . wider it sink in to the whole group . awkward silence . daphane kluger wo. chilly . ( beat ) '' hi daph , welcome to the team . '' let 's not all high five at once . ( another bite of apple ) plus , I be the one who 's save you ass from insurance fraud . rose weil insurance fraud ? debbie I be get to that . amita when ? debbie it seem that RGI have assign a investigator who ... daphne kluger be about to look up you ass with a flashlight . rose weil ( panicked ) who 's this ? daphne kluger Little Colombo dude . totally onto you . everything but the trench - coat . do you guy have anything to drink ? rose weil alright ... lest we forget . this ... this entire ... '' enterprise '' be to keep I out of jail . debbie nobody 's go to jail . we expect this . we be very prepare . nine ball look like it . debbie we be not go to be the prime suspect . 107 . tammy I would go to jail with you , Deb . debbie well that 's very nice but ... constance who be the prime suspect ? daphne kluger that german creep who send she away . ( beat ) do not you watch any movie -- like double Indemnity ? this insurance guy be smart . you gotta frame somebody else . Cate and Deb exchange a look . moment of truth . beat ... cate of course you do . Deb nod . daphne kick off she shoe , put she bare foot on the coffee table . daphne kluger I know I look like daphne kluger , but I only play she in real life . ( beat ) so when do we sell this shit ? CUT to : int . junior deli - brooklyn Deb sit at a table near the back . saul approach with a woman . saul rene , this be deborah , deborah this be Renee . debbie hello . saul rene be a very talented actress . ( beat ) as be she friend . with all that imply . rene ( grand dame ) hello darling . 108. saul well , I ’1ll leave you two . ( wink ) Nice goin 's kid . int . president 's office - day rene meet with the lead appraiser . she 's dress like a waspy jessica rabbit . the appraiser wear a loupe , inspect the ring -- he be astonished -- sotheby exec stun -- it may be the most flawless diamond I have ever see . this be you mother 's ? rene Left to I after she pass . '' rene -- the ring be yours . '' quite sappy , really . a swedish Prince give it to she while she be travel in Europe as a young woman . in exchange for she '' deflower , '' one can only assume . the appraiser smile -- examine it -- think ... sotheby exec well , next week 's auction be we premiere event of the season . it would be hard to take on a single item . rene of course , we be happy to pay the full commission . he look up ... smile . CUT to : tammy - sotheby's lobby on the phone -- tammy ( into the phone ) work like a charm . quick cut ethel , a similar high class dowager , sit opposite the same appraiser . she 's be weep . ethel parting with something like this . it 's so hard . 109 . sotheby exec I be sure -- ethel we be on the deck of the Queen Mary -- North Atlantic in the moonlight . ( stifles a sob ) then he say , '' I would give you that star if I could ... '' oh well ... marlene ( eastern european ) sit in the same chair as he examine a flawless bracelet . marlene ( eastern european ) what do a refugee have ? what you can put in you pocket . '' take this , '' my mother say . '' now go . '' so we run . Istanbul , Vienna , finally London . I put it ina drawer forever but ... what 's forever ? sotheby exec it 's a beautiful piece . marlene that be she initial right there . diana ( older than the other ) sit in the same chair , stare intently at a diamond ring which give Elizabeth Taylor 's a run for its money . she study it , try to summon a recollection . she give up -- diana I just do not remember . I stare at it and stare at it and I just can not remember . be it worth something ? the rock be as big as a kumquat -- sotheby exec um . yes . diana that 's nice . I just wish I could remember ... CUT to : int . renea apartment the crew of criminally - inclined octogenarian celebrate -- 110 . diana that be fun . clink . rene , ethel , marlene , and diana all touch glass ... CUT to : the hamptons klaus be walk through the dune stare earnestly out at the horizon , hope someone be watch he . unfortunately someone be . JOHN frazier ( 0.s. ) ex - cuse I ... klaus turn to see the middle age man stumbling through the sea grass . JOHN frazier ( cont ’d ) Excuse I ... int . hamptons house they sit in a huge live room look out at the beauty of a wild beach . JOHN frazier look . you be gonna have to pronounce you name for I ' cause ... klaus klaus ... gunther . JOHN frazier thank you . klaus be that it ? JOHN frazier funny . you be very funny . really . klaus glare . get on with it . John frazier open a folder : JOHN frazier ( cont ’d ) so this be photograph of you with Ms. kluger . as you can see there be many with you hand on the back of she neck . klaus I do not really remember where my hand be . 111 . JOHN frazier ah , to be young . ( smile ) Problem be , there 's a miss necklace and a fake in its place . and you be the one close to she with the great opportunity to ... klaus why would I want to steal a necklace ? JOHN frazier that 's what I keep ask myself . when you be on the beach . I keep walk around here go , '' why would this guy who have everything , wanna steal a necklace ? '' klaus you be in my house ? JOHN frazier the door be open . klaus do you have a warrant ? JOHN frazier ( laugh ) gosh no . I work for a insurance company . klaus then I think we be do here . pause . tense silence . klaus ( cont 'd ) ( rise ) really . John frazier nod . do not even finish he Coke . JOHN frazier could you call I a taxi ? CUT to : int . klaus 's gallery he 's sell a very abstract piece to a couple from Norway . klaus exactly . it 's what be not there ... no one understand negative space like ... ( more ) 112 . klaus ( cont 'd ) ( he cell phone vibrate ) ' Excuse I --— ( answer ) hello . it 's daphne -- klaus ( cont 'd ) oh , hey -- ext . hudson river park - late afternoon klaus sit on a bench . he 's look down toward the end of the island . boat glide by . he fight the sun . from far away ... daphneas silhouette ... approach from down -river . she wear a black trench coat cinched at the waist and high heel consider the walk . it would make anyone sit up and take notice ... CUT to : ext . 7th ave - night neon . car horn . bus . debbie press she way out of the subway -- fight through the throng . moving with her through street vendor and tourist . every nut imaginable . she turn into the blind light of ... int . carnigie deli the ding of the door -- she glance around . the hostess stand above a basket of mint -- debbie I be meeting someone . moving with her ... Debbie go up three booth , sit down -- debbie ( 0.s. ) hello , John . JOHN frazier hello , Debbie . a long pause . she take 113 . debbie I do not do this one . JOHN frazier that 's what you say in Philly . debbie I know . but I do not . JOHN frazier ( offer ) Pickle ? one . crunchy ... debbie let 's say I know where part of the necklace be -- hot goods -- totally traceable ... could you get a search warrant ? JOHN frazier do not know . depend who 's get it . debbie stop fishing . this be I . JOHN frazier well -- we have need probable cause . debbie of course . CUT to : int . klaus 's apartment daphne kluger let 's play a game ? she 's still wear the trench coat but it 's partially unbuttone . her shoe be next to she -- she lean klaus ( struggle to talk ) what kind of game ? daphne kluger ( sex game ) you know . like a '' card '' game . in , intoxicating . klaus shudder slightly ... hard CUT to : 114 . later ... card and underwear be strewn about the bed . bottle of vodka lie empty . klaus be in a post - coital coma , the life suck out of he . he do not know he own name . int . klaus 's closet daphne , wear he shirt , look at he dresser . picture of he . him and he friend ( male ) . but mainly just he . closer all at once , she place a ten thousand dollar bracelet in front of a safari photograph ( klaus shirtless . ) daphne position she iphone and click -- int . carnigie deli Deb take she phone , show it to John -- debbie this kind of probable cause ? insert . phone John look down at the bracelet on klaus 's dresser . JOHN frazier yeah , that work . CUT to : int . klaus 's apartment - the next morning 10:03 am on the digital clock . sunlight invade the blackout shade . klaus stir . look at the clock . look across the bed . daphne 's go . he get up slowly ... need to pee ... int . bathroom half a bottle of vodka thunder into the toilet . klaus stretch , head into the closet . pause . he Pov a note sit next to the bracelet and the photograph ... note xoxox -- ( heart ) -- daphne . 115 . tighter . bracelet that 's a lot of diamond . he pick it up , utterly confuse . there be knocking at the front door . it turn to pound . ext . klaus 's apartment Police . lot of they . CUT to : int . sothebys - 11 am gavel pound . murmur die down . auctioneer lot number 63 . the miedenfause jewel , include a 33.18 d- color internally flawless diamond ring -- diana in the audience , look to she companion -- diana ( faintly , lose ) be that one mine ? auctioneer ( 0.s. ) bid will begin at 5 million -- paddle shoot up in the air -- auctioneer ( cont ’d ) 5.6 in the front . do I have 6 ? here , yes , to the gentleman in the back . do I hear five ... moving through the audience as paddle rise until we find -- debbie peruse the auction catalogue . she look up , smile , as the gavel slam . auctioneer ( cont ’d ) sold for 7.9 million -- as each lot of jewel provide by rene 's crew get sell -- auctioneer ( cont ’d ) sold for 6.7 million . the gavel slam again . 116 . auctioneer ( cont ’d ) 9.5 million . the auctioneer look like he need a cigarette . CUT to : int . police station - interrogation room klaus sit at a plain wooden table , aghast at he surroundings . a detective stand in front of he . detective you have no idea how this come to be in you possession . klaus none . detective but you be Ms. kluger 's date the night this necklace be switch . klaus I be . detective do that strike you as a amazing coincidence ? klaus I think I ought to talk to my lawyer . detective ( smile ) I think that 's a good idea . int . cate 's warehouse the Crew celebrate -- everyone be drink . congratulation all around . then -- daphne kluger ( 0.s. ) I get a question ? wider everyone turn to look at daphne who be sit on a crate perplex . she look down at she iphone where she 's be work the calculator . daphne kluger so you sell ' bout 35 million worth of jewelry right ? 117 . pause . she lower the phone . daphne kluger ( cont ’d ) how do everyone get 16 million a piece ? all eye on Debbie . they wait to see what she 's go to do . ok -- why not ? debbie what ? -- you think we be just go to steal one necklace ? int . exhibit - metropolitian museum of art - ( flashback ) daphne and klaus stare at the main hall of the exhibit -- debbie on the other side , stare longingly at they . but she be not . now we know the real of object of she affection : the whole exhibit itself . debbie see , while everyone be worry about what be around you neck ... CUT to : int . bathroom -- flashback daphne violently vomit into the toilet . debbie ( v.o. ) and you be hurl you brain out -- thank you for that , by the way . daphne ( professional ) of course . CUT to : int . MAIN hall - flashback the entire party be escort out into the main hall -- debbie ( v.o. ) -- the whole place go into lock down -- 118 . daphne kluger oh , that 's smart . CUT to : int . backstage corridor - metropolitian museum of art - same Cate , in she chef 's uniform , push a huge catering cart -- debbie ( v.o. ) then , when security make we clear out the kitchen -- on the other end of the catering cart be reveal -- debbie pull it down the hall -- now wear a janitor uniform . debbie and everybody be watch the entrance ... int . met - just outside the kitchen the catering cart come to a stop -- debbie we clear out too -- just like we be tell . cate cross around to the front of the catering oven and open the double door revealing ... yen ( the chinese acrobat from Ocean 's eleven ) he extend a bright yellow ball gown to she on a hanger . cate thank you . debbie ( v.o. ) why would you steal one necklace when you could steal ... int . warehouse - present Debbie cross to the large industrial fridge and swing open the door , revealing all the jewel from exhibit . debbie .-- more . daphne kluger holy shit . 119 . rose weil Holy shit . debbie see , we do not just print the harrington out of that thing . we print lot of jewel . flashback . cate 's loft . two week earlier . Deb and amita watch as the 3d printer spit out load of cubic zirconium . amita ( v.o. ) felt like I work at kinkos . back at the heist . ( outside the kitchen ) yen hop up on the catering cart and give Cate a hand . she climb on it as well , put yen on she shoulder . Debbie hold the cart as yen pop open a vent climb into the ceiling . a moment later , a rope drop down . resume . loft rose weil how long do you have to do this ? nine ball ( volunteering ) twelve minute and thirty eight second -- flashback . event Anna wintour be make she announcement : anna wintour um -- we apologize for this interruption but -- someone have misplace a rather expensive item ... int . AIR duct yen , Debbie and Cate crawl through the vent . debbie ( v.o. ) now , when we modify the exhibit , we also change the background from reflective black to matte black . no big deal , except it be the exact same material we good friend yen be wear . 120 . we see yen -- hood from head to two black lower himself into the exhibit . debbie so even though he be visible to we from the vent ... from there Pov the cloak figure of yen hang in space -- debbie he be invisible to the security camera against the black background ... nine ball watch from she bank of monitor . she see nothing on she screen . resume . loft they all sit mesmerize ... debbie but since it would have be bad to see the jewel move , nine Ball here help we customize the camera . nine ball I just change the specs a little online . angle . yen he take a iphone , snap a picture of the exhibit and slide it into a special housing on the front of the security camera . nine ball see a momentary blur then the exhibit look perfectly normal -- debbie now all of the jewel be weight . but when you know the piece , and the exact karat , it 's easy to calculate that weight . amita it 's just a little math . 121. cate and debbie in the vent Loop the fishing line Cate buy at the tackle shop , over a metal roller with a digital pressure meter . carefully they lower the paste to yen ... who deftly shift the weight from one to the other , restore the exhibit . it look like the jewel move on they own . debbie so as we reele down one , we reele in another . debbie . in the vent ... ...- hoist a large bracelet into she hand . first of many . insert . nine ball 's monitor on the monitor , Debbie and Cate begin to wheel they '' catering cart '' nonchalantly toward the truck . resume . loft debbie I know you all go through a lot to steal that necklace . cate but without a decoy . we never could have do it . int . costume exhibit — flashback Cate and Deb wheel the catering cart away from the exhibit toward ... ext . loading dock — flashback Cate bang on the back of a massive truck twice -- cate ready . from the driver 's window a small short haire woman peek out -. ethel the dowager , who sell the first lot of jewel . ethel all set dear ? Cate nod . ethel honk the horn twice as she drive off . Cate still hold she yellow ball gown . 122 . int . cate 's warehouse - present Debbie motion to all of they a job well do . debbie and that 's how you all get : sixteen million , five hundred and twenty nine thousand dollar . ( smile ) a piece . tammy not quite . debbie right . we gotta sell ‘em . and tammy here have recruit a few old friend to help we do that . CUT to : int . auction house - zurich - day reuben sit in the audience , eat a pretzel with mustard . german auctioneer ( 0.c. ) ( in german ) the collection be sell ! to the gentleman in front for thirty - eight million dollar . reuben look to the german buyer , demonstrate the restrain joy of acquisition . reuben wipe he mouth , rise , walk out -- prelap : gavel slamm . CUT to : int auction house - shanghai - day the auctioneer stand before a group of bidder -- some video conference in , project onto a wall , some bidder , represent in person , hold phone to they ear . chinese auctioneer sold -- to the gentleman on the leave ... linus ( Matt damon ) lean against the wall in the back of the room , remain inconspicuous . CUT to : ext . provenance - cape town - day basher emerge . he put on he sunglass . 123. sfx : the gavel slam . int . sotheby 's - moscow - evening another gavel . saul Bloom pet a cat seat on he lap . smile ... CUT to : ext . 7th avenue subway stop - greenwich village - day Debbie stand at the entrance to the subway talk to tammy . tammy have that slightly spend quality of someone who have recently '' be emotional . '' tammy I be in for the next one . you know that . debbie of course . tammy and if you get back to New York maybe we could ... debbie this be better . we talk about it . '' Little League . '' tammy ( nod ) yeah ... I write you a letter , but every time I read it just sound so lame so ... ( pull something from she bag ) here . tammy hand she a lucite replica of the statue of Liberty from the 3d printer . debbie thanks . tammy thanks for this . she pat the black messenger back hang from she shoulder . it obviously contain she cut . debbie well . she go to hug tammy who try to lean - in but Deb give she the cheek . 124. tammy right . int . subway station Deb push through the turnstile and move up to the track wait for the 1 . she head all the way down the platform toward the far end wait for the last car . it arrive whizze into the station with a blur . the train come to rest and Deb move through the last set of door into the subway car . int . subway seat in various position around the car be the rest of she crew . Cate , Rose , nine Ball , constance , amita . each of they have a black canvas messenger bag . Deb sit near Cate . none of they make eye contact . the train move . a panhandler sing '' Lucy in the Sky with diamond . '' everyone stare straight ahead . the train slow again come to a stop . amita get up to leave . give Deb a wink . door shut . subway start again . ( time lapse ) with each lock - off dissolve , another member of the team disappear -- there be now six , then five , then four , then finally ... rose weil ( gushy / tear ) I be really go to miss you . debbie shh . Rose nod quickly . remember she cover . exit the subway . they smile and ... finally only debbie and cate remain alone in the subway . they ride for a while in silence ... announcement 14th St. transfer to the N , q , R , 7 and '' train . cate okay then .... 125 . debbie ok. Cate rise . start to cross past she . debbie ( cont 'd ) hang on . Cate turn . CUT to : las vega strip in all its surrealistic glory . caesar 's palace pool Cate and Debbie lie side by side on chaise lounge in a cabana . cate that 's incredibly stupid . debbie yeah ? cate yeah . Deb smile . close she eye . debbie but good , right ? Cate close she eye as well . the end