ocean' 11 screenplay by Ted griffin base on a screenplay by Harry Brown and Charles lederer and a story by George Clayton Johnson &amp ; Jack Golden Russell late production draft Rev. 05/31/01 ( buff ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 fade in : 1 empty room with single chair 1 we hear a door OPEN and close , follow by approaching footstep . danny ocean , dress in prison fatigue , enter frame and sit . voice ( o.s. ) good morning . danny good morning . voice ( o.s. ) please state you name for the record . danny Daniel Ocean . voice ( o.s. ) thank you . Mr. Ocean , the purpose of this meeting be to determine whether , if release , you be likely to break the law again . while this be you first conviction , you have be implicate , though never charge , in over a dozen other confidence scheme and fraud . what can you tell we about this ? danny as you say , mar 'am , I be never charge . 2 int . parole board hearing room - wider view - morning 2 Three parole board member sit opposite Danny , behind a table . board member # 2 Mr. Ocean , what we be try to find out be : be there a reason you choose to commit this crime , or be there a reason why you simply get catch this time ? danny my wife leave I . I be upset . I get into a self - destructive pattern . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 2. 2 continued : 2 board member # 3 if release , be it likely you would fall back into a similar pattern ? danny she already leave I once . I do not think she will do it again just for kick . glance dart between the board member . board member # 1 Mr. Ocean , what do you think you would do if release ? Danny consider . danny ( deadpan ) I do not know . how much do you guy make a year ? 3 int . minimum -security prison - check - out station - day 3 guard # 2 Ocean , Daniel . Danny step forth , and guard # 1 dole out he possession and a form certify they return to Danny . guard # 2 sign. ( add a piece of mail to the pile ) this come today for you . Rest will be forward to you parole officer . guard # 1 ( read its return address over Danny 's shoulder ) that you lawyer ? danny my wife 's . he open the letter , and as he eye gaze over the papers within , he smirk just a little . guard # 1 what 's it say ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 3. 3 continued : 3 danny I be a free man . 4 int . changing cubicle 4 Danny pull on civilian clothes and there 's not a bare thread among they . he tug he cuff and smile : the old skin feel good . one last item to don : a silver wedding band . Danny consider it . will he put it on ? 5 ext . minimum -security prison - front gate - afternoon 5 a sign read : " new jersey state minimum -security correctional facility . " someone have graffity below it : " if you be in prison , you would be home now . " the great metal door open , and Danny stand within its frame , ready for release . ( if it matter -- and if you notice -- he 's wear he wedding ring . ) he hover there for a moment , on the precipice of freedom . the wind whistle a little on the other side of the gate , and the view ahead be not pleasant ( New Jersey ) : life be hard out there . but Danny muster he courage , then take he first step into free America ... a6 ext . atlantic CITY boardwalk - dusk a6 any empty wintery boardwalk . 6 int . casino ( atlantic CITY ) - night 6 ... and he wingtip land squarely on plush red carpete . as we pull up to Danny 's face and spin around he , we hear , then see the buzz of a casino floor : the hum of conversation , the ding -ding -ding and thunk - thunk -thunk from the slot , the brisk whir of shuffle card . and to Danny , it 's a hearth and fire and a comfy chair and a snifter of brandy . he 's home . on danny's wallet as he pull out several crisp one hundred , set they on green feel , then see they replace by a neat pile of chip . 4. 7 at blackjack table 7 Danny crane he neck about the casino , look for someone -- a friend , somebody who should be here -- but without success . he turn he attention back to he card , and the card of the dealer . nine-ten . stay . Dealer -- seventeen . Danny win . king-four . Dealer show a six . stick . Dealer bust . queen-ace . twenty -one . Danny win again . a second dealer relieve the first , and Danny recognize he with a smile -- this be not the friend he be scout for , but two hour out of the joint any familiar face be welcome . danny hello , Frank . the new dealer ( frank catton ) glance up at Danny , and he eye go wide , like a priest who 's discover he 's deal communion wafer to the pontiff himself . he quickly hide he astonishment . frank I beg you pardon , sir . you must have I confuse with someone else . my name be Ramon . see ? he tap the name embroider on he vest , although he be the most african-look Ramon you have ever see . a pit boss circle close by and glare at they both . danny my mistake ... ( collect he chip , double ) table 's cold anyway . frank you might try the lounge at the Grand , sir . it get busy around one . danny ( as he go ) thanks . 8 int . lounge at grand 8 Danny check he watch -- 12:58 -- then the lounge around he : prison have more nightlife . he nurse a bourbon , fold back the New York Times and scan . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 5. 8 continued : 8 his eye move down the page and stop at a header -- " Vegas ' paradiso to be razed ; former owner denounce plan " -- accompany by two photograph ... the first : Tan , well - coiff developer and new owner of the paradiso , Terry benedict , with a beautiful ( if barely visible ) woman on he arm . the second : scowling former owner , reuben tishkoff . frank ( o.s. ) catch up on current event ? Danny lower the paper ; Frank be sit across from he , change out of he dealer 's thread . danny Ramon ? frank glad to meet you . Frank catton would not get by the game board . ( beat ) you just out ? danny this afternoon . frank ( be : Danny 's drink and whereabouts ) and already turn over a new leaf . Frank signal a pass waitress ; she ignore he . danny ( directly , this be why he 's here ) you see he ? frank last I hear he be in l.a . Teaching movie star how to play card . ( beat ) why ? you do not have something plan already ? danny you kid ? I just become a citizen again . Frank stare at Danny a moment , finally catch he eye , and Danny can not help but grin : of course he have . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 6. 8 continued : ( 2 ) 8 Frank turn he eye to heaven ... frank Jesus ... 9 int . sub shop - night 9 moving with Danny and Frank . frank it 's tough now , we line of work . everybody so serious . too many gun , too many computer . whadda you gonna do ? steal from ordinary people ? danny that would be criminal . frank so what 's leave ? bank ? hah . bank get no money . it 's all electronic . only place that still take cash be ... danny casino . frank ( realize ) oh , no ... danny oh , yes ... frank when ? danny soon. interested ? Frank smile . Danny have he answer . 10 int . sub shop - foyer - night 10 Danny pull a business card from he jacket , pick up the phone again , and dial the card 's number . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 7. 10 continued : 10 danny yes , Officer brook ? my name be Danny Ocean . I be just out , I be suppose to check in with you within twenty - four hour . ( listen ) no , sir , I have not get into any trouble . no drink , no sir . ( listen , finish he bourbon ) no , sir , I would not even think of leave the state . off the sound of a jet fly-over we ... CUT to : a11 ext . hollywood club ( deep ) - rear entrance - night a11 pulling off the Capitol Building , we pick up rusty ( tall , angular , ebony ) lean against he Ford falcon . topher ( o.s. ) hey ! hey , rusty ! rusty turn to the voice and -- CUT to : another angle moving with he and topher Grace , the actor , as they push down a back alley . topher hey , I do not know if you be , uh , you know , incorporate or anything , like rusty Ryan . and , I do not know , incorporate , but you should think about it , really , ' cause I be talk to my manager yesterday -- rusty bernie ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 8. a11 continued : a11 topher no , not bernie , I mean not , not that bernie , my business manager , he 's also bernie , he be tell I that since this , what we do , could be consider research for , you know , a future gig , that I should be able to write it off as a business expense . so he suggest that it would be better if I write you a check , and thereby -- rusty look at he : be you stone ? topher or , or we could keep it cash . by this time , they should have enter -- 11 omitted 11 a12 int . hollywood club ( deep ) - night a12 -- where they must weave through horde of young Hollywood nightclubber . rusty alright . who 's here ? topher josh be here . Seth be here . David could not make it . he 's get two week of reshoot on lusitania because somebody just figure out forty percent of the budget be come from Germany . rusty that 's a problem . topher Barry be here . rusty I think they let he out to do that h.b.o. thing in Vancouver . topher could not work the date . oh , and he bring he girlfriend . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 9. a12 continued : a12 rusty not the one from -- topher uh-huh . rusty ( beat ) I quit watch when kate leave Don after he accident . they pass on , and into -- 12 omitted 12 a13 int . back room - night a13 small but stylish . rusty enter , topher in tow . rusty good evening , guy . let 's play some card ... a glance at the table reveal : the three wait player be all young tv star ( josh Jackson , Seth Green , Barry Watson ) here for a group poker lesson with rusty . ( one star , indeed , have bring he girlfriend , Katie , also a know actress , to observe . ) a glance back at rusty reveal : he 's in for a long night . rusty ... and let 's play some card . at table - later the group lesson have begin . topher a hundred buck to I ... ( mull it over ) ah , what the hell . pocket change . call . rusty lean into topher 's ear , whisper : ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 10 . a13 continued : a13 rusty why you bet a certain way be you business . but you have to make they think you be betting for a reason . understand ? same scene - later to another player : rusty Seth . you know what you have . look at they do not change they . leave them where they be and make you bet . same scene - later to another player : rusty you be show . yeah , I know she 's you girlfriend , Barry , but you can not ... thank you . same scene - later to another : rusty josh . deal to you leave . same scene - later a waitress enter from the club , and dance music with she . as she distribute a fresh round : waitress one McCallum neat . and four bottled water . rusty take in the sight -- bottled fuck water on a poker table . seth ( triumphantly ) two pair -- nine and twos . rusty check he hand : a full - house full of face card . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 11 . a13 continued : ( 2 ) a13 rusty ( fold ) you get I . ( as Seth rake in he winning ) let 's take a little break . 13 omitted 13 a14 int . hollywood club ( deep ) - night a14 at the bar , rusty order a double . he need it . bartender ( shouting over music ) how 's the game go ?!! rusty it 's be the longest hour of my life . bartender what ?! rusty ( at the same volume ) I be run away with you wife . the bartender , not able to hear he , smile and flash a thumb - up before move away . bartender cool , man ! behind the bar two go - go dancer writhe behind red-light - district window , and rusty catch he own fatigue expression in they reflection . then , out the corner of he eye , he catch sight of a man pass through the pulsate crowd . someone familiar to he . he follow . 14 omitted 14 a15 int . hollywood club ( deep ) - back room a15 rusty return . topher hey , rusty , we get another player , if that 's alright . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 12. a15 continued : a15 topher indicate the new arrival : Danny . rusty look as if there 's a bad smell in the room . rusty what 's this ? danny the bouncer mention there be a game in progress . I hope I be not intrude . topher no intrusion at all -- rusty what be he name , the bouncer 's ? danny I do not remember . rusty a card player with amnesia . this should be fun . at table - moment later rusty deal the next hand . topher what do you do for a live , Mr. Ocean ? if you do not mind my ask . danny why should I mind ? two card , please ... ( long beat ) I just get out of prison . topher really ? ( a glance among the other player ) really ... rusty ( half to divert attention ) Barry , you be show again . barry ( o.s. ) sorry . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 12a . a15 continued : ( 2 ) a15 josh what would you , uh , go to prison for ? danny I steal thing . josh what , like jewel ? diamond ? a beat , then : rusty incan matrimonial headmask . look be exchange . everyone digest that . josh from a museum ? danny Gallery . seth there a lot of money in that ? incan matrimonial ... danny headmasks . some . rusty do not let he fool you , Seth . there 's boatload . if you can move the thing ... ( finish he deal ) one card to I . ( to Danny , pointedly ) ... but you can not . danny my fence seem confident enough . rusty if you be deal with cash , you do not need a fence . danny some people just lack vision . rusty probably everybody in cell block E. ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 12b . a15 continued : ( 3 ) a15 now the other player realize . this guy have a relationship . in fact , a criminal one . and , judge from they steely glare across the table , not a happy one . danny well , that 's all behind we now . rusty I should hope so . Danny smile , icily -- of course , it 's not -- then pull out he wallet . danny I raise you five hundred dollar . a hush in the room . Danny have throw down the gauntlet . he and rusty hold each other 's stare . rusty guy : Day one : what 's the first rule of poker ? barry topher um , never bet on , uh , on ' leave emotion at the a -- door . ' rusty that 's right . my friend here just raise I out of pique . ( beat ) today 's lesson . how to draw out a bluff . this early in the game , that much money , I be think he 's hold nothing better than a pair of face card . ( beat ) Seth , raise he . seth okay . uh , you five hundred and ... another two ? rusty nod , and Seth push in he chip . rusty tophe ... topher Seven to I . plus three . what the hell . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 12c. a15 continued : ( 4 ) a15 rusty indeed . but be careful you do not push he too high too fast . want to keep he on the leash . I call . it 's josh 's turn . he hesitates ... josh what 's that to I ? a thousand ? rusty all you have to do be call . danny ( off josh 's further hesitation ) what ? you girlfriend hold you purse ? that do it . josh be in . the bet 's to Danny . he check he hand , and Seth start to whisper to topher . danny contrary to what Mr. Ryan may say , Seth , I always check my card before I make a bet . but be cafeful . I could tell from you face you be hold three of a kind or better . ( digging he wallet out ) five hundred to call . and two grand more . Danny stare rusty down . the other look a little pale . rusty guy , you be free to do what you like . it 's a lot of money . but I be stay in . he 's try to buy he way out of he bluff . nobody look too eager to call , but nobody want to leave a grand on the table , either . finally , Seth pony up , and the other -- not be outdone -- do , too . rusty we call . Danny set down he hand . four nine . it 's a winner . the other , jaw drop , throw in they card . for the first time tonight , rusty blanch . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 12d. a15 continued : ( 5 ) a15 rusty shit. sorry , guy . I -- I be sure he be bluff . as rusty plummet in the estimation of all the guy around he , Danny rake in he pot . danny thanks for the game , fella . ( then ) hey , I hate to ask this , but could you sign something for I ? it 's for the guy in the joint . they just love all you show . 15 omitted 15 a16 ext . hollywood club ( deep ) - night a16 a queue of clubgoer erupt in a frenzy as topher and company exit , and they begin signing autograph . Danny and rusty exit , too , but of course nobody give a shit about they . 16 int . rusty's falcon - moving - night 16 Danny and rusty ride silently , stare out opposite window at sunset boulevard . rusty that be , that be just ... danny unprofessional . rusty agree . rusty how be the clink ? you get the cookie I send you ? danny why do you think I come to see you first ? Danny pull out a wad of bill from he jacket , peel off half , and hand it to rusty . danny ten grand . half of it 's yours . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 12e . 16 continued : 16 rusty you barge into my new workplace , ruin my professional reputation , least you could do be tell I you have get something better for I . danny I have get something better for you . 17 int . canter' deli - night 17 they be sit in a booth over coffee . rusty how 's tess ? Danny stare at he : next subject , please . rusty alright . tell I . danny it 's tricky . no one 's ever do it before . need plan , a large crew . rusty gun ? danny not load one . it have to be very precise . there 's a lot of security . but the take ... rusty what 's the target ? danny eight figure each . rusty what 's . the. target . ( continued ) 13 . 17 continued : 17 danny ( deep breath , then ) when 's the last time you be in Vegas ? rusty what ? you wanna knock over a casino ? Danny put down he coffee . and shake he head . and lift three finger : three casinos . rusty must put down he coffee , too . 18 ext . downtown L.A. - night 18 it 's after hour downtown . Dark , empty , dead ... 19 int . library tower - 40 th floor corridor - night 19 light out on the 40th . engrave brass announce : j.a. kuehn &amp ; associate , architect . two flashlight beam strafe wood - panele , elegant office : Danny and rusty on late- night reconnaissance . as Danny prowl a cabinet full of blueprint , rusty pass the time switch papers from a desk 's in box to its out box . at last , Danny find the right set of blueprint and drape it across the desk ; we , however , never see it . danny the vault at the bellagio . a beat as rusty scan the document , then another underneath it . rusty if I be read this right -- and I think that I be -- this be probably the least accessible vault ever design . ( beat ) oops . actually , you know what , I be wrong . it 's definitely the least accessible vault ever design . danny yep . rusty 's brow furrow just a little . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 14 . 19 continued : 19 rusty you say three casinos ... danny ( flip to next blueprint ) this feed into the cage at both the mirage and the m.g.m. grand. ( tapping vault ) but every dime end up here . rusty the bellagio , mirage , and ... this be Terry benedict 's place . danny yes , they be . think he will mind ? rusty more than somewhat . 20 at 40 th floor elevator BAY 20 no ding . the elevator just arrive . its door part to reveal a security guard within , here to make he tour ; a large fellow , he have to duck to exit . 21 back with danny and rusty 21 as Danny roll up the set of blueprint , rusty consider the plan ( which , in we absence , Danny have pitch he ) . rusty you would need at least a dozen guy , do a combination of con . danny like what , you think ? rusty well , off the top of my head , I would say you be look at a boesky , a Jim Brown , a miss Daisy , two jethros , and a Leon spink . oh , and the biggest ella fitzgerald ever . ( beat ) where do you think you be gonna get the money to back this ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 15 . 21 continued : 21 danny as long as we be hit this three casinos , we will get we bankroll . Terry benedict have a list of enemy . rusty but do he have enemy with loose cash and nothing to lose ... ( smile , realize ) aha . danny ( smile , too ) aha . rusty reuben . 22 moving with security guard 22 as he approach Danny 's and rusty 's voice ... 23 back with danny and rusty 23 danny so ... rusty so , here 's what I think : you should take this plan , kick it around for a week or two . sleep on it . turn it over in you head . then : never bring it up to I again . danny uh-huh . so what be you say ? rusty I be say : this be like try to build a house of card on the deck of a speed boat . danny really ? I think it be much harder than that -- suddenly the Security Guard 's flashlight beam hit they square in the eye . Danny and rusty put they hand up to block the light . danny Jesus , oscar , lower it a little , will ya ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 16 . 23 continued : 23 security guard sorry . ( lower beam ) you two do up here ? find what you want ? danny yeah , thanks . you mind if we borrow a couple drawing for the night ? make some copy . security guard whatever you need . Danny withdraw he money clip , peel off a couple hundred , and bury they in the Security Guard 's hand . danny ' preciate it . 24 at 40 th floor elevator BAY 24 Danny and rusty wait for a elevator . when its door open , rusty stop Danny from board . rusty I need a reason . and do not say money . ( beat ) why do this ? danny why not do it ? rusty stare at he : enough bullshit around . danny because yesterday I walk out of the joint wear my entire wardrobe and you be colddeck teenbeat coverboy . ( beat ) because the house always win . you play long enough , never change stake , the house take you . unless , when that special hand come around , you bet big . and then you take the house . a beat . rusty smile . ( continued ) 17 . 24 continued : 24 rusty you be be practice that speech , have not you ? danny a little . do I rush it ? it feel like I rush it . rusty no , it be good . they step aboard the elevator . as the door close : rusty I wonder what reuben will say ? Danny and rusty look at each other . tishkoff ( v.o. ) you be out of you goddamn mind . 25 ext . tishkoff's opulent back yard ( las vega ) - day 25 reuben tishkoff , the grimace of a man in mid-movement , forever cement on he face , scrutinize he two lunch guest ( Danny and rusty ) at he poolside . tishkoff be you listen to I ? you be , both of you , nut . I know more about casino security than any man alive . I invent it , and it can not be beat . they get camera , they get watcher , they get lock , they get timer , they get vault . they get enough armed personnel to occupy Paris . okay , bad example ... danny it 's never be try . tishkoff oh , it 's be try . a few guy even come close . you know the three most successful robbery in Vegas history ? 26 flashback - int . sand casino floor ( 1965 ) 26 a adlai stevenson-lookalike approach a lockbox carrier from behind and snatch the box . ( continued ) 18. 26 continued : 26 he take almost three step before five security man leap at he and -- freeze frame on he wide - eye expression of horror ... tishkoff ( v.o. ) number three . the bronze medal . pencilneck grab a lockbox at the Sands . he get two step closer to the door than any live soul before he . resume action : adlai stevenson get a taste of what NFL quarterback experience every Sunday ... five fold . 27 int . flamingo casino floor ( 1971 ) 27 a hippie race toward the electronic slide door , clutching a tray full of chip , and as the door begin to part for he -- freeze frame : a billy club appear out of nowhere ... tishkoff ( v.o. ) second most successful robbery . the flamingo ' 71 . this guy actually smell fresh oxygen before they get he . resume action : the billy club come down -- whap ! -- across the hippie 's skull and it 's Chicago ' 68 all over again . tishkoff ( v.o. ) course , he be breathe out of a hose the next three week , goddamn hippie . 28 ext . reuben tishkoff's back yard - day ( present ) 28 tishkoff and the close any man have get to robbing a Las Vegas casino ... 29 flashback - ext . caesar' palace entrance ( 1987 ) 29 tourist and valet scatter as a euro-thief ( pastel T-shirt beneath a white linen suit ) burst from the casino and take five step before -- freeze frame : glass explode from three different door behind he and he arch he back in agony ... ( continued ) 19 . 29 continued : 29 tishkoff outside of caesar 's in ' 87 . he come , he grab , he get conquer . resume action : bullet rip the man to shred and he collapse on caesar 's step a bloody pulp . 30 ext . reuben tishkoff's back yard - day ( present ) 30 tishkoff but what be I say ? you guy be pro , the best . I be sure you can make it out of the casino . of course , lest we forget , once you be out the front door , you be still in the middle of the fuck desert ! both Danny and rusty look chasten . rusty you be right . ( to Danny ) he 's right . danny reuben , you be right . we eye be bigger than we stomach . rusty that 's exactly it . pure ego . tishkoff yeah yeah blah blah . danny thank you so much for set we straight . sorry we bother you . they both rise to go . tishkoff look , we all go way back . I owe you from that thing with the guy in the place , and I will never forget it . danny it be we pleasure . rusty I would never be to belize . ( continued ) 20 . 30 continued : 30 tishkoff give dominic you address , I get some remainder furniture I wanna send you . Danny and rusty begin to circle the pool to leave . tishkoff , of course , will not let they go that easily . tishkoff just out of curiosity , which casinos do you geniuse pick to rob ? Danny stop , almost as if he 's be wait for this question , which of course he have . danny the bellagio , mirage , and the m.g.m. Grand . tishkoff ( nostril flare , smell a rat ) that be Terry benedict 's casinos . rusty say , you know , he 's right . tishkoff wave they back , sip on he umbrellae cocktail . tishkoff you guy ... whadda you get against Terry benedict ? danny what do you have against he ? that 's the real question . tishkoff he torpedoed my casino , muscle I out , now he 's gonna blow it up next month to make way for another fuckin ' eyesore . do not think I do not see what you be doin ' . rusty what be we do , reuben ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 21. 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 tishkoff you gonna steal from Terry benedict , you better goddamn know . this sorta thing use to be civilized . you would hit a guy , he would whack you . done. but benedict ... ( bristle ) at the end of this he better not know you be involved , not know you name , or think you be dead . because he will kill you , and then he will go to work on you . danny that 's why we have get to be very careful . we have to be precise . we have to be well - fund . tishkoff yeah , you gotta be nut , too . and you be gonna need a crew as nut as you be . ( pregnant silence ) who do you have in mind ? Danny and rusty both smile ; they have hook they fish . and so it begin ... rusty ( v.o. ) alright . who 's in ? danny ( v.o. ) Frank c. be in . 31 int . casino office ( atlantic CITY ) 31 Frank catton cough mightily into a handkerchief . across a desk , he boss fill out paperwork . danny ( v.o. ) Frank c. have develop a bad case of bronchitis and be put in for a transfer to warmer climate . 32 ext . las vega airport - day 32 Frank carry he bag toward the taxi bay . he stop to light a cigarette , inhale with deep satisfaction before a banner : " welcome to las vega . " danny ( v.o. ) what about driver ? ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 22. 33 ext . vacant , weedy drag racetrack - day 33 close on a soupe - up tractor - wheeled monster truck , its engine roaring before a start line , itching to cross it . now take a step back ... that soupe - up monster truck stand a foot- and - a-half off the ground and sprout a antenna from its back bumper . it 's a remote- control toy . the roaring engine come from the vehicle next to it : a actual monster truck . both vehicle peer down the track at a finish line a hundred yard away . this be a race . the driver stare each other down : turk ( behind the wheel of the truck ) and virgil ( track -side , remote control in hand ) malloy . they be nice boy . really . peckerwood , sure , but nice . rusty ( v.o. ) I talk to the malloy yesterday . danny ( v.o. ) the mormon twin ? rusty ( v.o. ) they be both in Salt Lake City , six month off the job . I get the sense they be have trouble fill the hour . light flash red-to-yellow - to-green and while the truck coat rubber on the track , Virgil 's toy zip to a lead . it 's look to be a embarrassment for Turk until he jerk he wheel a little and -- ka-thunk -- flatten he brother 's vehicle . Virgil pout as he pluck up the wreckage of he entry . danny ( v.o. ) electronics ? rusty ( v.o. ) Livingston dell . 34 int . surveillance van - day 34 on a black and white monitor : two mobster , on a meet in a public park , peer over they shoulder , make certain no one be watch they . Little do they know ... ... livingston DELL , audio-visual junkie , and victim of a continual flop sweat , crouch before they image , masterfully control he surveillance camera with a joystick in he leave hand . he be flanke by FBI men . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 23. 34 continued : 34 rusty ( v.o. ) Livingston 's be do freelance surveillance work of late for the f.b.i. mob squad . danny ( v.o. ) how be he nerve ? rusty ( v.o. ) okay . ( beat ) not so bad you would notice . as a FBI man reach to adjust a monitor ... livingston D - do not , do not - do not ... touch ... it . FBI man # 1 what ? livingston do you see I pull the gun out of you holster and fire it ? FBI man # 2 hey , Radio shack : relax . 35 ext . santa monica boardwalk - later 35 Livingston walk down the boardwalk . a rollerblader with a dog on a leash approach and Livingston get catch between the two . as he struggle to untangle himself from the leash ... 36 int . cafe 36 with a view of Livingston on the boardwalk ... Danny and rusty wait for he over espressos . rusty ( next item on he list ) munition . danny phil turentine . rusty Dead . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 23a . 36 continued : 36 danny no shit ? on the job ? rusty Sun cancer . danny you send flower ? rusty date he wife a while . danny ( onto next candidate ) basher ... ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 24 . 36 continued : ( 2 ) 36 rusty ( check he watch ) we may be too late . 37 int . bank - close on basher tarr - night 37 the explosive expert . a pair of goggle over he eye reflect a match be strike , then touch to a fuse . basher sweet ... bang ! Wood shard and splinter of glass fly all around ; basher merely duck he head and whistle . as the dust settles , three man move quickly past basher and into ( what the settling fog now reveal to be ) a dynamite bank vault . alarm begin to sound : this be bad news . basher ( to the rest of he gang , he temper flaring ) you know , you guy have one job to do . 38 ext . bank - one minute later 38 the man exit through the front door , they hand over they head , basher trail they . policeman and swat member encircle the group , weapon train on they , chock full of instruction . 39 ext . police car - later 39 basher sit in the rear , handcuff behind he back , foot on the pavement . a explosive cop kneel in front of he . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 25 . 39 continued : 39 cop and that 's all you use during the event ? nothing else ? basher be you accuse I of booby - trapping ? cop well , how ' bout it ? voice ( o.s. ) booby trap be not Mr. tarr 's style . the cop turn ; stand behind he , stone - face , be rusty , in a dark suit and shade . rusty be not that right , basher ? basher that 's right . rusty ( flash badge , briefly ) peck , a.t.f . let I venture a guess . a simple g4 mainliner , double -coil , backwound , quick fuse with a drag under 20 foot . ( off cop 's reaction ) that 's we man . tell I something else . have you check he for booby trap on he person ? I mean really check , not just for weapon ... the cop look bewilder . rusty step forward , yank basher onto he foot , spin he around . he move he hand up and down basher 's leg , around he waist , under he arm . rusty will you go find grigg and tell he I need to see he ? cop who ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 26 . 39 continued : ( 2 ) 39 rusty ( loud ) just go find he , will you ? ( as cop stalk off ; under he breath ) how fast can you put something together with what I pass you ? basher done . thirty second all right ? rusty from when ? basher ( as we hear something SNAP from behind he back ) now . 40 moving with rusty and basher 40 they be hurry ; ahead of they be a wall of squad car , a police cordon , and a crowd of onlooker . rusty ten second ? basher not quite . be Danny here ? rusty around the corner . basher be good work with professional again . ( beat ) okay : go . and they both start run . rusty everyone down ! get down ! there 's a bomb in the ... and behind they the squad car erupt with a bang ! a collective scream rise from the crowd , everyone duck , cop hit the ground and cover they head . rusty and basher move briskly past they , dodging they splay leg like tire on a obstacle course . by the time the explosive cop think to look around for basher , they have both disappear . ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 27 . 41 omitted 41 42 int . under big top - day 42 the chinese National Circus , currently on tour in the western United States . trapeze artist , gymnastic team , and trampoline daredevils fly , somersault , spin , and swing through the air . a full house applaud every feat . Danny and rusty sit in the bleacher , surround by parent and kid munch on spindle of cotton candy . tough guy in toyland . announcer ( v.o. ) ( in chinese , then English ) lady and gentleman : the amazing yen . a funambulist ( yen ) begin he high - wire act ... danny so he can walk on a rope . rusty more than that . danny so he can juggle . we need a grease man , not a acrobat . who else be on the list ? rusty he be the list . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 28. 42 continued : 42 danny who else ? rusty watch . halfway across the wire , the funambulist sit . and very slowly , but without hesitation , he contort himself into a ball , never lose he balance . even Danny be impressed . rusty there 's you grease man . 43 ext . santa monica pier parking lot - day 43 Danny and rusty exit the circus tent , head for they car . danny we need saul . rusty he will not come . he swore off the game a year ago . danny he get religion ? rusty ulcer . danny you can ask he . rusty stop , stare at Danny , sigh . ( continued ) 29 . 43 continued : 43 rusty I can ask . 44 ext . dog track / betting window ( miami , fla ) - day 44 saul bloom , 5as , befuddle , wear a corduroy jacket patch at the elbow and a duffer 's hat , count out money through the window , list he bet . he check he ticket , plunge they into he pants pocket , and move off ... 45 through track lobby 45 rusty appear in the f.g. behind a pillar , as dapper as saul be down - at-heel , watch he go . when saul disappear into the tunnel , he move . 46 in infield 46 saul sit on one of the long , general admission step under the box seat . he produce a orange from he pocket , start to peel it . a pair of well - shine shoe appear behind he . saul sense they presence , but do not turn around . saul I see you in the paddock before the second race , outside the men' room , when I place my bet . I see you before you even get up this morning . rusty how ya be , saul ? saul never better . rusty what 's with the orange ? saul my doctor say I need vitamin . rusty so why do not you take vitamin ? for the first time , saul crane he neck and shoot a look up at rusty . ( continued ) 30 . 46 continued : 46 saul you come here to give I a physical ? rusty I get a box seat . come on . 47 ext . BOX seat - later 47 a waiter serve coffee to rusty and saul . rusty I think you drank bloody Mary 's at the track , saul . saul a man should not drink on the job . rusty ( be : race ) who we root for here ? saul number four . there 's the bell ; the electronic rabbit be release and the dog break out of the gate . from this point on saul 's eye never leave the race . saul you gonna ask I ? or should I just say no and get it over with ? rusty saul , you be the best there be . you be in cooperstown . what do you want ? saul nothin ' . I get a duplex now , I get wall - to - wall and a goldfish , I be see a nice lady , she work the unmentionable counter at macy 's . I have change . rusty guy like we do not change , saul . we stay sharp or we get sloppy , but we do not change . saul quit connin ' I . ( continued ) 31 . 47 continued : 47 they watch the race . rusty that you hound way in the back there ? saul he break late . everyone know this . on the track : the dog be now come around the back stretch , and the crowd on the bleacher rise , cheer . saul you gonna treat I like a grownup at least ? tell I what the scam be ? under the noise : rusty lean in and whisper in saul 's ear . saul 's eye widen , then glaze over as all around he people be stand and shouting . rusty place a envelope in saul 's lap , then get up and walk out as , on the track , the # 4 dog cross the finish line ... last by several length . saul consider he option . in one hand : a fan of lose ticket . in the other ( courtesy of rusty ) : a ticket to Las Vegas . danny ( v.o. ) and saul make ten . 48 int . bar - night 48 Danny and rusty look weary from all this recruitment . a nearby tv with the sound off play a promo for a upcoming tyson fight . danny ten should do it , do not you think ? ( as rusty shrug ) you think we need one more ? ( as rusty shrug ) you think we need one more . ( as rusty shrug ) okay . we will get one more . 49 int . crowded subway car ( chicago ) 49 Native chicagoan demonstrate they indigenous sixth sense -- l-car balance -- as the train bend and shake at a corner . ( continued ) 32 . 49 continued : 49 one passenger in particular keep he foot , a young man in a fray jacket : linus . two overgroom stockbroker stand with they back to the young man , yammer about high interest yield , and consequently they do not notice ( and neither do we , not at first ) that linus be slowly pick one of they pocket . the thievery be glacier - pace : linus , he face always forward and inscrutable , gingerly raise one tail of he target 's brook Brothers jacket and then , with incomparable dexterity , unbutton he wallet pocket with a flick of he thumb and forefinger . from halfway down the train car , nothing appear amiss , and no passenger look the wiser . or so it seem ... a copy of the Chicago sun-time , open and upheld , lower just enough to allow its reader a peek at linus . it be Danny , smirk on he lip : he ( and he alone ) be aware of the ongoing heist . back to linus , he spoil ( a gucci wallet ) now in sight , but he wait for just the right moment , and then , when the train hit another curve ... ... he stumble forward , he leave hand find support on the stockbroker 's shoulder as he right relieve the man of he wallet . linus sorry ' bout that . stockbroker no problem , guy . the stockbroker resume he yacketing , oblivious , as linus tuck he prize into he own jacket pocket , face betray nothing . only Danny appreciate the artistry perform here today . he fold the sun-time under he arm as ... 50 int . union station - subway station 50 ... the subway squeal to a stop . linus jump out , leave he prey aboard , and a few moment later , Danny step off , too . 51 int . union station - evening 51 the hurly - burly of rush hour in Union Station . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 33. 51 continued : 51 commuter zig and zag , this way and that , all on furious schedule , and linus slip blithely through they , in no hurry , a man who 's pull this job a thousand time before . he dodge and sidestep craze commuter , and except for a brief brush with one well - dress man ( the sun-time tuck under he arm ) , he escape the station without incident . 52 ext . union station - evening 52 linus exit , casually reach into he jacket to count he winning . and he face fall . all he find where the steal wallet once reside be a call card . on one side , in engrave printing : " daniel ocean . " on the flip side , in handwrite : " Nice pull . Murphy 's bar , rush &amp ; division . " 53 int . murphy' bar - five minute later 53 on a tabletop : the gucci wallet beside a half - drunk guinness . linus enter the front door , case the joint , spot the wallet on the table , and Danny behind it . danny hi , linus . sit down . linus who be you ? danny a friend of Bobby caldwell 's . sit down . linus balk , prideful , but sense find a way , and he sit . danny Bobby tell I about you . Said you be the best set of hand he ever see . do not expect to find you work wallet on the subway . linus that be not work , that be practice . Danny reach into he jacket and set a plane ticket on the table . he keep he hand over it . ( continued ) 34 . 53 continued : 53 danny you be either in or out , right now . linus what be it ? danny a plane ticket . a job offer . linus you be pretty trust pretty fast . danny Bobby have every faith in you . linus father be like that . ( off Danny 's reaction ) he do not tell you ? ( as Danny shake he head ) he do not like I trading on he name . danny you do this job , he will be trading on yours . linus what if I say no ? danny we will get someone else who will not be quite as good . you can go back to feel up stockbroker . linus consider . he look down at the ticket , then at the wallet . it 's one or the other . a waitress pass , and Danny signal she for he bill . when he attention return to linus , the wallet remain ... but the ticket beneath he hand be go . linus be read it . danny that 's the best lift I have see you make yet . linus Las Vegas , huh ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 35 . 53 continued : ( 2 ) 53 danny America 's playground . and we MAIN theme kick in as we ... CUT to : 54 las vega - aerial view - establishing - dusk 54 the city loom out of the desert like a infernal machine , light flash , skyline pulsing , a neon fortress . one thing in particular catch we eye : a enormous billboard with a ad for the upcoming box match between Mike tyson and lennox Lewis . below it , a promoter hand out flier for strip joint and call girl . 55 omitted 55 56 int . reuben tishkoff's mansion ( las vega ) - night 56 Frank catton be already here , mixing a drink , when -- ding dong -- the doorbell chime . tishkoff shuffles toward the front ( he 's give the help the night off ) and open he door to find ... livingston trick or treat . ... Livingston , basher , yen , the malloy , saul and linus crowd he doormat . a taxi-van pull away behind they . tishkoff what , you guy get a group rate or something ? 57 int . tishkoff's live room - later 57 along one wall , a buffet table have be set up , and while Virgil and Turk pile shrimp onto plate , saul pocket a orange for later . turk you make it out to Utah much , saul ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 36 . 57 continued : 57 saul ( last man you would see in the tabernacle ) not as much as I would like . turk you should . you would like it . you would like provo . virgil ( scarfing a jumbo shrimp ) anybody see the salsa go with this ? at the wet bar , basher mix a drink for Livingston ; on a couch , yen balance coffee- table ornament into a skyscraper , to Frank 's astonishment . in a corner , off on he own , linus watch the company , he eye narrowing , wary . until ... danny ( o.s. ) gentlemen : welcome to Las Vegas . Danny stand at the top of the stair lead into the room , flanke by rusty and tishkoff . he start down ... danny everybody eat ? good. everybody sober ? Close enough . most of you know each other already . you probably have not meet linus caldwell before , he 's Bobby 's kid outta Chicago . linus trade nod around the room . danny okay . before we start , nobody 's on the line here yet . what I be about to propose to you happen to be both highly lucrative and highly dangerous . if that do not sound like you particular brand of vodka , help yourself to as much food as you like and safe journey . no hard feeling . ( pause , soberly ) otherwise , come with I . he turn and walk out of the live room , into another . rusty be close behind ; he turn briefly , cast a eye over the assemble and keep go . the guy look each other over , size thing up . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 37 . 57 continued : ( 2 ) 57 basher what the hell . and he follow , along with Frank and Livingston . then Virgil , Turk and yen . then saul . that leave linus , watch the line of man disappear . he turn to find tishkoff by he side , stare at he . linus hi. tishkoff you be Bobby caldwell 's kid , huh ? linus yeah . tishkoff from Chicago ? linus yeah . tishkoff it 's nice there . you like it ? linus yeah . tishkoff that 's wonderful . get in the goddamn room . 58 int . game room 58 a tournament - level pool table hold center stage here . atop its green feel sit a raise , elaborate miniature of Terry benedict 's Las Vegas : three casinos and hotel with the Strip run between they . as the eleven surround the table and the model ... danny gentlemen : the 14000 block of Las Vegas boulevard . otherwise know as the bellagio , the mirage , the m.g.m. Grand . together , they be the three most profitable casinos in Las Vegas ... ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 38. 58 continued : 58 Danny remove the Strip from the model . revealed beneath be a complex substructure , feature three tunnel , each lead from a casino to a single freight -size elevator shaft which descend into a enormous vault . danny gentlemen : the bellagio vault . locate below the Strip , beneath two hundred foot of solid earth . it safeguard every dime that come through each of the three casinos above it . ( beat ) and we be go to rob it . everyone take a breath , awed . linus smash - and -grab job , huh ? rusty it 's a little more complicated than that . Danny pick up a remote control and flip on a panel of tvs . danny courtesy of Frank catton , new blackjack dealer at the bellagio , security tape from the three casinos . on the monitor : three montage of black - and - white security tape , start within the three casinos ' cage , move into the tunnel , then ( as the tvs unite in they image ) push into the elevator and eventually the vault . as the group 's glance shoot back and forth from the tv to the corresponding section of the model , i.e. from a Pov of the tunnel to the miniature tunnel itself ... ( continued ) 39 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 danny okay . bad news first . this place house a security system which rival most nuclear missile silo . first : we have to get within the casino cage -- rusty ( indicate ) -- here , here , and here -- danny -- which anyone know take more than a smile . next : through this door , each of which require a different six - digit code change every twelve hour . past that lie the elevator , and this be where it get tricky : the elevator will not move without authorize fingerprint identification -- rusty -- which we can not fake -- danny -- and vocal confirmation from both the security center within the bellagio and the vault below - - rusty -- which we will not get . danny furthermore , the elevator shaft be rig with motion detector -- rusty -- meaning if we manually override the lift , the shaft 's exit will lock down automatically and we will be trap . danny once we have get down the shaft , though , then it 's a walk in the park : just three more guard with uzis and predilection toward not be rob , and the most elaborate vault door conceive by man . any question ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 40 . 58 continued : ( 3 ) 58 silence . for a moment , each man keep he two dozen question or more to himself . at last , one speak up ... the amazing yen . in cantonese . of course , no one understand he . except rusty . rusty ( in response ) no. tunnel be out . there be richter scale monitoring the ground for one hundred yard in every direction . if a groundhog try to nest there , they would know about it . anyone else ? another silence . either the guy be too dumbfounded by that bilingual exchange or too numbe by the task ahead of they to speak . turk you say something about good news ... danny ( smile , happy someone ask ) the nevada Gaming Commission stipulate : a casino must hold in reserve enough cash to cover every chip at play on its floor . as I mention , this vault service each of the three casinos above it . that mean : during the week , by law , it must hold anywhere from sixty to seventy million dollar in cash and coin . on a weekend , between eighty and ninety million . on a fight night , like the one two week from tonight , the night we be go to rob it , at least a hundred and fifty million . without break a sweat . ( gaze about room ) now there be eleven of we . each with a equal share . you do the math . moving around the table on ten face , as everyone do precisely that , in they head , except for Virgil who do it on he finger . he whistle . rusty that 's what I say . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 41-43. 58 continued : ( 4 ) 58 everyone seem suitably impressed by they share . saul I have a question . ( as Danny turn to he ) say we do get into the cage , and through the security door there , and down the elevator we can not move , and past the guard with gun , and into the vault we can not open ... rusty without be see by the camera . danny ( off everyone 's astonishment ) oh , right . sorry . I forget to mention that . saul say we do all that . we be just suppose to walk outta there with a hundred million dollar in cash on we without get stop ? Danny smile , he broad , sure - of -himself grin , the one rusty could not deny earlier and this guy will not deny now . danny yeah . saul look panic-stricken ; like that , he ulcer have flare up , and he pop a rolaid in he mouth . danny alright . here 's how we will begin . 59 omitted 59 60 int . mgm grand casino - day 60 moving with a cash cart as security guard push it past tourist , past cocktail waitress , past linus sit at a blackjack table . ( continued ) 44 . 60 continued : 60 danny ( v.o. ) first task : reconnaissance . I want to know everything that 's go on in all three casinos . from the rotation of the dealer to the path of every cash cart ... 61 int . bellagio - break room - day 61 two security technician on a smoke break grumble about they sex life . across the room , Frank sit innocently do a crossword . danny ( v.o. ) I wanna know everything about every guard , every watcher , anyone with a security pass . I wanna know where they be from , what they nickname be , how they take they coffee ... better view reveal : on he crossword , Frank have scribble a transcript of the technician ' conversation . as he glance up at a electronic keycard clipped to one technician 's belt ... 62 int . mirage casino - day 62 ... a identical keycard be swipe through a keypad , its light flash red to green , admit a guard into a " employee only " doorway . the malloy , who have shadow the guard here , note a sentry stand watch by the door as well as a security camera embed in the ceiling above : no one walk through that portal uncheck . danny ( v.o. ) most of all , I want you guy to know this casinos . they be build as labyrinth , to keep people in . I want you guy to know the quick route out . they job do , the malloy start toward the casino 's exit ... in different direction . they begin to argue : the exit 's that way -- no , it 's that way . 45 . 63 ext . las vega boulevard - outside three casinos - day 63 with two dozen other tourist , basher cross the street and when he meet a manhole cover he stop and , extract a small metal hook from he jacket , remove it from its perch , so casual about the action that no passerby look twice at he . danny ( v.o. ) second task : power . on the night of the fight , we be gonna throw the switch on sin city . basher , it 's you show . basher drop into the hole , pull the cover over he , as we pull up over the bellagio and ... dissolve to : 64 int . bellagio security CENTER - eye in the sky 64 dozen of monitor manned by dozen of watcher canvas dozen of casino table ; only NASA 's control room house more technology . apart from the fray , another bank of monitor manned by two watcher ( let 's call they , for no particular reason , fat and slim ) oversee a different section of the casino : the cage , its tunnel , the elevator , and the vault it lead to ; everything , in fact , which we team see in the game room . danny ( v.o. ) third task : surveillance . casino security have a eye and ear on everything , so we will want a eye and ear on they . Livingston ... 65 int . bellagio - livingston be room - close on set of 65 schematics of bellagio - night a page of the set Danny and rusty " borrow " from kuehn &amp ; associate . Danny and Livingston study it . wider livingston well , it 's not the least accessible system I have see , but it 's close . I do not suppose they have a close - circuit feed I could tap into ? ( continued ) 46 . 65 continued : 65 Danny shake he head : no such luck . livingston then this be definitely a black bag job . do they employ a in - house technician ? Danny look to rusty who , behind they , tamper with Livingston 's audio-video setup : several portable monitor , a laptop and modem , telephone headset , etc . rusty two . and one of they be lonely . dance music overwhelm the soundtrack ... 66 int . olympic garden strip club - night 66 ... as we join a lap dance already in progress . a security technician ( one of the two Frank eavesdrop on in the break room ) shell out twenty buck every three minute for a dancer to grind she pelvis against he chest ... ... and while the technician grin not-very - soberly and ogle she perfect breast and paw at she midriff , the dancer secretly remove the keycard from he belt . dancer I will be right back , honey . do not move a muscle . technician ( drunk and in love ) depend on the muscle . she pout , flirtingly , as she do for every idiot who drop a line like that , then make she way to ... 67 ext . olympic garden strip club - night 67 ... where rusty wait for she , and when she slip he the keycard , he slip she a c-note . rusty thanks , charmaine . I will have it back within the hour . ( as he go ) say hello to you mom for I . dancer say it yourself . she will be onstage in five minute . 47 . 68 int . bellagio casino - night 68 following a bunch of balloon -- all congratulate " happy anniversary ! " -- as a delivery boy carry they through the casino , and just as he 's pass a " employee only " door ( complete with sentry and embed ceiling camera ) ... ... he bump into a tourist , and the balloon drift out of he hand and into the camera ... tourist hey , watch it , bud ... 69 int . bellagio security CENTER - eye in the sky 69 as the balloon fill the frame of one monitor ... slim 433 , we have visual impairment on the east door camera . 70 int . bellagio casino - by cage door - night 70 the sentry ( # 433 ) hear this and spot the balloon cover the embed camera and approach the delivery boy ( who by freak accident happen to be Virgil malloy ) ... sentry Excuse I , sir : you be go to have to move you balloon . ... but Virgil 's too busy pick a fight with the Tourist ( surprise , surprise : Turk malloy ) to listen . virgil who you call ' bud , ' pal ? turk ( tourist ) who you call ' pal , ' friend ? virgil who you call ' friend ' ... ( can not think of another ) ... bud ... and with the sentry out of position ... ... Livingston ( dress now in a technician 's uniform , do not worry about how he get it ) go quickly to the door and swipe the newly - acquire keycard and when it flash red- to-green , he enter ... ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 48. 71 int . cage - hallway 71 he 's in . Livingston take a moment , he brow perspire ( he 's in the lion ' de now ) , then check he palm : draw there in ballpoint be a diagram of the cage corridor . 72 int . bellagio security CENTER - eye in the sky - on 72 monitor next to balloon -clouded one Livingston appear and , as nonchalantly as he can , he amble down a hallway , then another , until he reach ... 73 int . cage - hallway 73 ... a unmark door next to the entrance to the security center . Livingston swipe he keycard to enter ... 74 int . circuitry room 74 a giant walk - in closet / switchboard full of wire , plug , light , etc . Livingston go to work : flurry of shot he splice into all sort of wire and line and cable . meanwhile ... 75 int . bellagio casino - by cage door - night 75 ... Virgil and Turk argue , nose - to-nose , " accidentally " block the sentry from the balloon ... virgil you hear about this new medical discovery they make ? it 's call a ' sense of direction . ' apparently we be all suppose to have one ... turk yeah yeah yeah , whatever , balloon boy . sentry gentlemen , gentleman ... 49 . 76 int . circuitry room 76 Livingston 's work here be almost do : he clip a small mechanism ( know in he industry as a " spider " -- it 's small , black , antenna - less and hide in dark place ) to a main conduit , then verify a tiny receiver he hold be pick up the spider 's feed . one last click into place ... 77 int . bellagio security CENTER - eye in the sky 77 ... cause a brief , unnotice blip on slim 's monitor ... 78 int . bellagio - livingston be room - night 78 ... and transmit all the view of the cage onto the monitor upstairs . Danny and rusty witness they appearance . danny why do they paint hallway that color ? rusty they say taupe be very soothing . 79 int . cage - hallway 79 Livingston step outside . his job do , he exhales and wipe the sweat from he brow and check he palm for direction and ... whoops . his sweat just smear the ballpoint . he 's fly blind . he look leave down a corridor , then right , try to remember which way he come from . no idea . 80 int . bellagio - livingston's room 80 danny uh-oh . 81 int . cage - hallway 81 moving with Livingston as he try to find he way out . he take a leave ... whoops again : here come fat , dead ahead . Livingston have no recourse but to march right by he . ( continued ) 50 . 81 continued : 81 fat hiya . livingston Fine , thanks . Livingston continue on , and maybe for a second he think he 's in the clear , especially when he see the exit loom ahead , but then fat turn behind he and hail he back ... fat hey ... 82 int . bellagio casino - by cage door - night 82 at last , the sentry outmaneuver Virgil and Turk and grab the balloon himself . Virgil quickly snatch they back ... virgil hey ... get you own balloon . 83 int . cage - hallway 83 Livingston approach the exit 's keypad and swipe he keycard : the light do not flash red- to-green . fat ( on he tail ) hey ... Livingston look : he swipe the wrong side of he keycard . he try again . Red flash to green . he pull the door ... ... but fat block it . Livingston peer up , certain he 's have it . 84 int . bellagio - livingston's room 84 Danny and rusty simultaneously lean forward . 85 int . cage - hallway 85 fat you drop this . fat hold out Livingston 's receiver and drop it in he hand . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 51 . 85 continued : 85 livingston thanks . and he 's out . 86 int . bellagio - livingston be suite - night 86 Danny and rusty exhale . danny well ... rusty yeah ... danny fourth task : construction ... 87 int . warehouse - day 87 the gang haul building material -- lumber , tool , paint , etc . -- and yen haul three time he share , carry object on he head / shoulder / arm , a circus act in a hardware store . danny ( v.o. ) we need to build a exact , work replica of the bellagio vault . rusty ( v.o. ) for practice . danny ( v.o. ) something like that . as linus haul in material , Danny take he aside . danny fifth task : intelligence . we need that code , linus . from the only man who have all three . linus benedict . danny learn to love he shadow . ( back to the team ) Sixth task : transport ... ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 52. 87 continued : 87 linus ( young and eager ) wait , wait , wait . all I get to do be watch he ? danny for now . you gotta walk before you crawl . rusty ( to linus , correct Danny ) reverse that . danny ( toward the malloy ) Sixth task : transport ... 88 ext . billy tim be van and truck dealership - office - day 88 outside a window : Turk and Virgil jump up and down on opposite bumper of a van , testing its durability . Inside , Frank negotiate with billy tim , a Cal - worthingtonesque redneck car dealer , who half - pay attention to he , half - fret over the malloy outside . billy tim I be sorry : eighteen - five each be the best offer I can make you . frank ( play a bit of a dandy ) oh , I understand perfectly . they be beautiful van . well , I thank you for you time , mister ...? billy tim denham . billy Tim denham . frank yes , denham , like a jean . ( they shake ) you know : you have lovely hand -- do you moisturize ? billy tim I be sorry ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 53. 88 continued : 88 Frank 's not let go of the man 's hand , the object now be to force billy Tim into lowering he price just to get Frank out of he office . frank I swear by it . I try all sort of lotion . I go through a fragrance - free period last year , but now I be like this new brand fortify with rise hip . my sister , you know , she use the aloe vera with the sun screen build in ... billy tim ( just can not get he hand back ) uh-huh . you say you would be willing to pay in cash ? frank I do . you know : they say cinnamon be wonderful for you pore . read that on the internet . and that ideally you should be wear glove to bed , but I find that would interfere with my social agenda . Problem be : I get a reaction to camphor so I can not use traditional remedy ... billy tim if you could pay cash , I could probably drop the price a little . to , say , seventeen ... ( as Frank squeeze a little ) ... sixteen each . frank ( big smile ) that would be lovely . 89 int . warehouse - back to danny - day 89 oversee the construction , review he list of task on he finger , suspect he 's miss one . danny ... power , surveillance , transport ... ( continued ) 54 . 89 continued : 89 tishkoff anything I can do ? Danny 's eye flash from tishkoff to saul , behind he , dress in he usual frumpy attire : that 's what he miss . danny get you wallet . 90 int . haberdashery 90 a tailor fit saul for the finest suit tishkoff 's money can buy . as saul smoothes out a coat sleeve ... saul this be nice material . danny it 's armani , saul . saul it 's very nice . saul 's not fool anyone : he 's scared , right down to he florsheim . Danny nod to the tailor : " give we a moment . " danny saul , you sure you be ready to do this ? saul turn away , and when he face Danny again , he entire aspect have change : his feature stone , he eye icicle . saul if you ever question I again , Daniel , you will not wake up the follow morning . they exchange a long , fierce glance ; saul 's eye never waver . danny you be ready . Danny signal tishkoff : let 's pay , and saul immediately slump into he old self . to a mirror , he practice ... saul hello . my name be lyman Zerga ... ( this time a little deeper ) my name be lyman Zerga ... 55 . 91 int . limousine - day 91 saul 's dress completely ( and immaculately ) now in armani , with he hair slicked back , a brief moustache on he lip , and impenetrably dark glass riding the bridge of he nose . he continue to practice , he accent even deeper now and specify no geographic origin -- could be Scottish , could be israeli ... saul my name be lyman Zerga ... my name be lyman Zerga ... Danny pass he a envelope full of $ 100 bill . danny there 's a little over twenty grand there , saul . try to make it last . saul pat down he pocket for something he can not find ... saul you see my ... danny ( hand he rolaid ) buy you a fresh roll . the limo pull to a stop , and outside there be a flurry of footstep before saul 's door swing open , and Turk and Virgil ( both costume as bodyguard ) stand wait for he . virgil Mr. Zerga , we be here . danny good luck , lyman . saul ( hesitates , then get out ) luck be for loser . 92 int . bellagio casino - day 92 saul , as lyman Zerga , make as low - profile a entrance into the bellagio as he can with bodyguard precede and trail he . he approach a v.i.p concierge ... v.i.p. concierge good afternoon , sir . how can I be of service ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 56 . 92 continued : 92 saul my name be lyman Zerga . I would like a suite , please . v.i.p. concierge do you have a reservation with we ? saul ( long glare at he ) I do not make reservation . a longer glance at lyman 's bodyguard tell the concierge this be not a man to be deny . as he jump to it ... a93 int . outside restaurant's entrance - day a93 outside a restaurant 's entrance , rusty and linus sit before two slot machine , idly drop in quarter as they watch saul receive the royal treatment . rusty okay . tell I about benedict . linus the guy be a machine . 93 ext . bellagio casino - day ( super slow motion ) 93 terry benedict emerge from a town car and , from he haircut to he smile to he pant -cuff , he be effortless perfection . he be Vegas royalty , yet he deny eye contact to no man . he stride into he casino and , appear behind a pillar , linus follow he in . linus ( v.o. ) he arrive at the bellagio every day at two p.m . same town car , same driver . remember every valet 's name on the way in . not bad for a guy worth three - quarter of a billion . 94 int . bellagio - elevator BAY ( super slow motion ) 94 the door open , and Terry benedict step out . linus watch from a crap table . linus ( v.o. ) Offices be upstairs . he work hard , hit the lobby floor at seven on the nose . ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 57 . 95 int . bellagio casino - night ( super slow motion ) 95 from a balcony , benedict stand overlook the casino floor . his casino manager approach and they confer . linus ( v.o. ) spend three minute on the floor with he casino manager . rusty ( v.o. ) what do they talk about ? linus ( v.o. ) all business . benedict like to know what 's go on in he casinos . there 's rarely a incident he do not know about or handle personally . 96 int . high roller ' room ( super slow motion ) 96 benedict work the room . he speak to a japanese High roller in japanese , to a swiss in german , etc . linus ( v.o. ) he spend a few minute gladhand the high roller . he 's fluent in Spanish , german and italian , and he 's take japanese lesson , get pretty good at it . he 's out by seven-thirty , when a assistant hand he a black portfolio . content : the day 's take and new security code . then he head to the restaurant . indeed , as benedict make he exit , a assistant hand he a black portfolio . 97 int . bellagio casino - outside restaurant 97 rusty and linus watch the entrance : no one enter . linus give he another ten second . around the corner come benedict , carry he black portfolio . linus as I say : a machine . rusty and that portfolio contain the code to all the cage door ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 3/30/01 58 . 97 continued : 97 linus two minute after they have be change , he 's get them in hand . ( beat ) I will tell you : you guy pick a helluva target . he be as smart and ruthless as they come . the last guy catch cheating here , benedict not only send he up for ten year , he get the bank to seize the guy 's home and bankrupt -- rusty -- he brother - in - law 's tractor dealership , I hear . linus he do not just go after you knee , he go after you livelihood . and everyone - you - ever - meet 's livelihood . rusty you scared ? linus you suicidal ? rusty only in the morning . ( beat ) now what ? linus now come the girl ... if she come in after he do , that mean they be in a snit . rusty where 's she come from ? linus the museum downstairs . she 's the curator there . wait ... here she be . you will like this . rusty look up as ... ... a beautiful woman ( the one Danny see on benedict 's arm in the New York Times photo ) appear . elegantly dress , a knockout , she move very much in she own private space . and rusty 's face just about drop at the sight of she . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 3/30/01 58a . 97 continued : ( 2 ) 97 linus I do not know if we can use she yet . I have not even catch she name . rusty tess . linus what ? rusty ( look very certain about this , very certain and very upset ) her name be tess . ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 59 . 98 ext . warehouse - night 98 construction continue into the wee hour . 99 int . warehouse - night 99 a facsimile of the bellagio vault sprout into shape . Livingston fix a security camera in a corner , then match its image ( of Frank staple - gun floorboard into place ) to a security tape of the real mccoy . on the other side of the garage , Turk and Virgil go to work on they newly - purchase van , with wrench and blow torch . tishkoff recognize a gasket Virgil handle . tishkoff this look familiar . where would you get this ? virgil off you roll . tishkoff Danny ! tell them not to touch the roll ! overlook the whole enterprise be Danny , grin from ear to ear , happy in he work . he check a stopwatch in he hand as ... ... the false top to the cash cart before he fly open , revealing yen within , he arm , leg and torso fold into a three - by-four foot space . he whip a air hose from he mouth and inhale deeply . Danny check he watch . danny 29:47 . everything okay in there ? yen respond . of course , Danny do not understand he . but rusty do , appear behind he . rusty but what do not beat the shit out of be a circus performer ? Danny turn to rusty : he look very , very serious . 100 ext . warehouse - night 100 Danny and rusty adjourn from the warehouse . ( continued ) 60 . 100 continued : 100 danny what be it ? rusty tell I this be not about she . or I will walk off the job right now . ( off Danny 's reaction ) tess . she 's with Terry benedict now . tell I this be not about screwing the guy who 's screwing you wife . danny ex-wife . rusty tell I . danny it 's not . about that . entirely . a beat . danny you say you need a reason . well , this be mine . ( beat ) when we start in this business , we have three rule . we be not gonna hurt anybody . we be not gonna steal from anybody do not have it come . and we be gonna play the game like we have nothing to lose . well , I lose something . someone . that 's why I be here . a beat . rusty here 's the problem : we be steal two thing now . and when push come to shove , if you can not have both , which be you gonna choose ? and remember : tess do not divide eleven way . a beat . danny if thing go to plan , I will not be the one who have to make that choice . the two man stand quietly for a moment . ( continued ) 61 . 100 continued : ( 2 ) 100 danny how would she look by the way ? tess ... rusty I have see she happier . close on picasso' woman with guitar tess ( v.o. ) ' radiant ' be the word . absolutely radiant . 101 int . bellagio art gallery - day 101 the painting hang under a portrait lamp on a wall between a van gogh and a Monet . at a distance , admire it , be tess , the seller and the seller 's aide -de -camp . a staff photographer and other personnel mill nearby . off to the side , in a sharp blazer , tess stand transfix by the painting . tess he paint it in the summer of 1912 , after the break - up with fernande olivier . seller she must have put he through hell . tess you can see the conflict . he make she both erotic and grotesque . he 's hopelessly draw to she , and yet she drive he crazy . aide -de-camp ( check he watch ) Mr. santaniello have a early flight . do you think Mr. benedict will be late ? tess Mr. benedict be never late . just then the double door to the gallery swing open , and Terry benedict enter , right on time . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 62 . 101 continued : 101 he be elegant , beam , commanding . all that 's miss be a blare of trumpet . benedict be I late ? tess not at all , Mr. benedict . ( greeting he ) allow I to introduce to you Mr. Jean santaniello . benedict ( to seller ) Mr. santaniello , I apologize if I keep you . I have to iron out a few issue with my fight promoter . I give he a unlimited budget , and he exceed it . seller I understand it 's go to be a hell of a fight . benedict we hope . tess angle benedict toward the painting . tess here it be . benedict move toward the painting , and as he do he catch tess in he glance , and he smile deepen . then : benedict magnificent ! I have be follow she for fifteen year now . at last I have make she a home . ( to tess ) all the arrangement and so forth ... seller done . she 's yours . benedict not mine . she belong to everyone who come into my hotel . be not that right , Ms. Ocean ? ( continued ) 63. 101 continued : ( 2 ) 101 tess yes , Mr. benedict . benedict she 's lovely , be not she ? ( as the seller be confuse ; benedict specifies painting ) I can not be the only one who be after she . seller you be the only one who meet my price . benedict ah , but this ... you can not put a price on beauty . but I should not philosophize . I own casinos , after all . aide -de-camp can we get a quick shot ? Mr. santaniello have a plane to catch . benedict of course , of course . tess understand : she be not to be part of the photo . benedict and the seller pose together and ... flash ! 102 int . bellagio art gallery - later 102 the seller exit with the aide - de-camp in tow . benedict remain , enthralled by the painting . tess appear beside he . tess you like it ? benedict I like that you like it . ( beat ) I have some bad news from the world of high fashion . it seem Mike tyson will be wear red on Saturday night . Red trunk with a white stripe . tess oh ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 64 . 102 continued : 102 benedict and you , as I recall , will be wear a red donna karan ? and when the tv camera pick we up in the front row , that red dress ... tess I see . benedict he 's a charming man , but no one 's go to be watch he when they can make a study of you . I have ask paolo to find three or four thing for you to try . I hope you be not too disappointed . she be , but she bury it . benedict be you sure ? she nod , smile faintly . benedict I will see you tonight . instinctively she lean in to kiss he . he recoil ever so slightly . tess what ? we be alone . he let he eye wander along the length of the ceiling , over all the eye-in- the-sky camera hide there . she follow he look . benedict in my hotel , there 's always someone watch . but he kiss she anyway . tess I will see you tonight . he glance once more on the Picasso as he move away . benedict actually , I do like it . and tess remain , think : he 's rich , he 's handsome and woo , but be she happy ? ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 65 . 103 omitted 103 through through 105 105 106 int . high roller ' room - night 106 quiet , elegant , tense . one table be operate only , in the corner , and at it saul , as lyman Zerga , furtively peel at the roll of rolaid and slip one in he mouth . high roller # 1 weak stomach , Mr. Zerga ? saul I do not believe in weakness . it cost too much . I do not believe in question , either . ( continued ) 66 . 106 continued : 106 this shut the High roller up fast . saul look up from the table , just perceptibly , to spot Terry benedict , on he way in , right on schedule . he approach the pit boss by the entrance . benedict Eddie . anything for I ? pit boss Mr. Zerga , sir . lyman Zerga . in the third position . wish to speak with you privately . benedict who be he ? pit boss businessman of some kind , work mostly in Europe . he 's very vague , but I ask around . Word be he deal primarily in arm . one of the biggest . benedict Zerga ? never hear of he . pit boss yessir . that 's why I do not doubt it . benedict he 's stay here ? pit boss checked in two night ago , sir . he 's in the mirador suite . benedict how 's he do ? pit boss up. almost forty grand . benedict ( know he can not duck this ) good for he ... 107 int . bellagio - restaurant - same time 107 tess Ocean sit in a booth and sip at a glass of wine and check she watch : benedict be late or very close to be so ... ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 67 . 107 continued : 107 ... when a pair of hand slip over she shoulder and start to caress she arm . tess ( without look at he ) you be thirty second late . I be about to send out a search party ... ( recognize the hand , she turn , stunne ) Danny ... danny ( stand over she , grin ) hello , tess . tess ( thrilled and petrify and stunne to see he , but outrage mostly ) what be you do here ? danny I be out . tess you be out . danny of prison . you remember . the day I go for cigarettes and never come back . you must have notice . tess I do not smoke . ( as he sit ) do not sit -- danny ( but he do ) they say I would pay my debt to society . tess funny , I never get a check . Danny smile . tess stare dagger . tess danny you can not stay . it 's good to see you . ( continued ) 68 . 107 continued : ( 2 ) 107 danny you be not wear you ring . a beat . tess I sell it . and I do not have a husband . or do not you get the papers ? danny my last day inside . tess I tell you I would write . Danny reach he hand ( ringed ) for hers ( ringless ) , but she remove it from the table . tess Danny . go. now. before ... danny benedict ? she freeze : Danny know . he smile : it 's okay . then , to a pass waiter : danny ( he finger two inch apart ) whiskey and -- ( then one inch apart ) -- whiskey . tess Danny ... danny you be do a great job curate the museum . she sigh , exasperate . danny the vermeer be quite good . simple but vibrant . although he work definitely fall off as he get older . tess remind you of anyone ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 69 . 107 continued : ( 3 ) 107 danny and I still get Monet and manet confuse . which one marry he mistress ? tess Monet . danny right . manet have syphilis . tess they also paint occasionally . a beat . danny you do not know how many time I play this conversation out in my head the last two year . tess do it always go this poorly ? danny yes . tess sound frustrating . danny you be never easy . ( as she shrug ) okay . I will make this quick . I come here for you . I be gonna get on with my life , and I want you with I . tess you be a thief and a liar . danny I only lie about be a thief . but I do not do that anymore . tess steal ? danny lie . tess I be with someone now who do not have to make that kind of distinction . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 03/20/01 70 . 107 continued : ( 4 ) 107 danny no , he 's very clear on both . tess Nice . work on that for two year , too ? danny Year and a half . a light smile from tess . tess do you know what you problem be ? danny I only have one ? tess you have meet too many people like you . ( then ) I be with Terry now . danny do he make you laugh ? tess he do not make I cry . 108 int . high roller ' room - same time 108 at the table , saul bet heavily for the bank . benedict approach , stand off to the right , watch . high roller ( to saul , notice he heavy bet ) you do not want to get in the hole too heavy to this benedict . a friend of mine once borrow a hundred ge from the guy . two month go by , benedict have not hear from he , he call my friend up , ask ' where 's my money ? ' I will get to it when I get to it , ' my friend say . half hour later benedict 's in my friend 's hotel room , dangle he off he 10th floor balcony by he foot . ' you gonna get to it now ? ' High roller turn over a nine . saul win . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 03/20/01 70a . 108 continued : ( A1 ) 108 frank Bank win -- natural nine . benedict step forward . high roller hiya , Terry . benedict Mr. weintraub . how 's everything ? high roller eh . they put too much grenadine in my shirley Temple . benedict and here I think you be drink vodka . ( turn attention to saul ) Mr. Zerga . saul Mr. benedict . I recognize you from the tv . you know , nine casinos out of ten , owner come up in the middle of the hand to ask I what I want . I respect you wait . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/01 71 . 108 continued : 108 benedict you be the guest , sir . saul and I have to impose on you hospitality . can you sit in for a hand ? benedict I would love to , Mr. Zerga , but the game board would feed I to my white tiger . saul that 's a shame . you be the king of Vegas and you have to play crap in the alley . benedict no shame at all . remind I of my youth . corner - moment later benedict and saul be huddle in a corner . saul the fight be Saturday , be it not ? benedict yes . I can get you seat ... saul no , no . Hand - to-hand combat do not interest I . I have a package arrive here Saturday evening . a black briefcase , standard size , the content of which be very valuable to I . benedict I would be happy to put it in the house safe for you . saul the house safe be for brandy and grandmother 's pearl . I be afraid I need something more secure . benedict I can assure you , the house safe be utterly ... ( continued ) 72 . 108 continued : ( 2 ) 108 saul ( he look stop benedict ) I can assure you , Mr. benedict , you generosity in this matter will not go overlook . now : what can you offer I besides the safe ? saul 's eye be pure steel : he be not a man familiar with be deny . and benedict recognize that fact . 109 int . bellagio - restaurant - same time 109 tess see , the kind of people you steal thing from , they have insurance to compensate they . they get make whole again . I have to leave New York to get away from what happen . how do I get my five year back , Danny ? danny you can not . but what you can do be not throw away another five year . tess you do not know anything about -- danny ( lean in ) listen , you do not love I anymore , you want to make a life with someone else ? Fine , I will have to live with that . but not he . tess speak like a true ex-husband . danny I be not joke , tess . tess I be not laugh . ( beat ) you have to admit there 's a conflict of interest when you give I advice about my love life . Danny exhales and lean back . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 73. 109 continued : 109 danny yes . but that do not mean I be wrong . she look at he , and maybe part of she know that he be not . she look down at he ring , somewhat wistful . he see she look at it . tess do you remember what I say to you when we first meet ? danny you say : you better know what you be do . tess do you ? now ? because -- truly -- you should walk out the door if you do not . danny I know what I be do . benedict what be you do ? Terry benedict be hover over they , fresh from he meeting with saul . danny catch up . tess Terry , meet my ex-husband ... danny ( extend he hand ) Danny Ocean . benedict ( take it ) Mr. ocean. ( to tess ) forgive I for be late . a guest require my attention . tess Danny be just walk through the restaurant and spot I . benedict be that right ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 74 . 109 continued : ( 2 ) 109 danny I be shocked myself . imagine the odd . benedict ' of all the gin joint in all the world ...' ( beat ) you have be in prison until recently , be not that right ? how do it feel to be out ? danny about the same . everything you want be still on the other side . benedict there 's the human condition for you . tess Terry , Danny be just about to ... danny I just want to say hello . for old time 's sake . benedict stay for a drink , if you like . tess he can not -- danny ( simultaneously ) -- I can not . a awkward silence . benedict take tess 's hand in he . benedict well , then I do not imagine we will be see you again , Mr. Ocean . danny you never know . benedict I know everything that happen in my hotel . danny so I should put that towel back . benedict the towel you can keep . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 75 . 109 continued : ( 3 ) 109 danny ( smile , rise ) good see you , tess . tess take care , Danny . Danny go . when he 's out the door ... tess I be sorry -- benedict ( like lightning ) do not be . 110 outside restaurant 110 moving with Danny as he exit , he finger snap , he see the mist in tess 's eye just now , he know he 's get a fight chance with she , but what he do not know be ... ... linus be tailing he , ten step back . he stop , glance back at the restaurant quizzically , then continue follow Danny . 111 int . basher tarr' HOTEL room - day 111 nobody light a match , this place be a powder keg . basher sit on he bed , surround by combustible , whittling and polish a plastic explosive into a emerald shape . there 's a knock at the door ... maid ( o.s. ) House clean . basher ( eye never leave he work ) just jump into the shower , can you come back later ? the may move on , on tv : a reporter broadcast live ... reporter ( v.o. ) we be here at the historic paradiso Hotel and casino , once the prize resort of Las Vegas , now second away from demolition ... ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 76 . 112 ext . paradiso HOTEL ( on strip ) - day 112 just down the block from the Terry benedict trinity stand ( for a few remain moment ) the edifice of the paradiso , reuben tishkoff 's bankrupt hotel - casino . a crowd have gather to witness its destruction : Terry benedict , for one , he finger on the button and he face in the spotlight ; tess another , stand ( near ) by she man ; Danny , too , hide within the mass , eye fix on he ex ; and linus , who keep a steady bead on Danny . reporter ... and here 's reuben tishkoff , former owner of the paradiso , come to bid farewell to he fable resort and wish Terry benedict all the best with he future plan for the property ... Terry greet reuben before the tv camera and newspaper reporter , and everyone 's smile and shaking hand , but behind that smile and under they breath ... benedict good to see you . reuben go shit in you mouth . tess , she eye roam the crowd , find a pair stare back at she : Danny 's . she hold he glance a moment -- long enough for both linus and benedict to notice -- before turn away , to ... ... benedict , who put he public smile back on and step up to a podium alongside mike tyson and lennox lewis , and together they all put they hand on " the plunger " and benedict lean into a microphone ... benedict I hope there 's as much dynamite in the paradiso as there will be in this Saturday 's fight . ... and -- whoomph -- the plunger come down and -- write you own onomatopoeia here -- the paradiso implode . reuben wipe a tear from he eye . reuben g'bye , honey ... 113 int . basher tarr' HOTEL room - same time 113 as the paradiso crumble outside he window , the light and tv in he room flicker and go out . ( continued ) 77 . 113 continued : 113 basher shit . as he scramble out the door , make sure to post a " do not disturb " sign ... rusty ( v.o. ) Saturday day be yours . do whatever you like with it . 114 int . tishkoff be - game room - night 114 from above , slowly descending : ten of we eleven ( basher be miss ) surround the model of the three casinos . rusty lead everyone in a run-down of the heist ... rusty call be at five-thirty . makeup and costume . saul 's package arrive at seven-fifteen , and linus grab we code . all go well there and we be a go . Seven - thirty Virgil and Turk deliver yen and we be commit . from that point , we have thirty minute to blow the power or he suffocate . we descend onto the miniature of the vault , then -- dissolve to : 115 int . bellagio vault - night 115 from above , descending still : this be the Real deal . the bellagio vault . a clock read : 8:03 . rusty ( v.o. ) once the electricity go , all entry point to the vault and its elevator will automatically lock down for two minute . that 's when we make we move ... two guard wheel in a cash cart and leave it in the vault 's center and march out again , close the thick metal door behind they . when the vault lock click ... ... we stop descending , just above the cash cart . there be silence for a spell , the light flicker out , then ... ... the false top of the cart spring open , revealing yen within , fold neatly . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 78. 115 continued : 115 he inhale deeply , then slowly unspool himself from the cash cart until , at last , he crouch atop it . he take in the room : vacant and silent . except for rusty , who walk right by he , incongruously . rusty okay : they have put you in the middle of the room , far from everything . you have to get from here to the door without touch the floor . what do you do ? a wider angle reveal we be ... 116 int . warehouse - night 116 the bellagio vault have be fully reproduce here , and what we have be watch have be a trial run . ten of the eleven ( Turk and Virgil in guard costume , basher be still miss ) watch from offstage , like a film crew watch a dress rehearsal . frank fin say he short it . livingston make it a sawbuck . from a dead squat , yen leap , hand first , from the cash cart to a ledge five yard away , and grip it safely with both hand without touch the floor . from this position , he will inch he way to a counter , then , to the door ... Frank pay up . behind he , a door slam , and he turn to see basher , at last . sniff the air , he double - take -- basher 's cover head - to - toe in sewage . basher ( and he 's not happy ) we be in deep shit . 117 ext . warehouse - night 117 linus hose basher off , he accent angry and thick as he spit out water and the story of he afternoon and if nobody understand a word he 's say , that 's okay ... ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 79 . 117 continued : 117 basher the damn demo crew do not use a coaxial lynch to back the mainline ! onion the mainframe couplet ! reuben lean into Livingston ... reuben you understand any of this ? livingston I will explain later . basher blew the backup grid one by one ! like domino ! danny ( as he hardly understand this either ) basher . what happen ? 118 flashback - int . vega sewer - that afternoon 118 a cabal of city engineer investigate subterranean fuse box , and basher tail they , hide near a waterfall of effluent . basher ( v.o. ) they do exactly what I plan to do . only they do it by accident . now they know they weakness . and they be fix it . a echoing footstep draw the attention of the city engineer , and basher retreat into the waterfall . 119 int . tishkoff's live room - night ( present ) 119 basher towel off he hair ... danny so ... basher so unless we decide to do this job in reno , we be screw . Danny rise and pace , frustrated . he 's come too far for thing to go awry now . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 80 . 119 continued : 119 rusty we could -- danny by tomorrow ? Danny keep pace ; rusty hang he head and think ; basher dry he hair . basher ( a idea occur to he ) we could use a pinch . Danny stop ; rusty look up . danny what -- be a pinch ? 120 int . lab - day 120 scientist demonstrate the pinch , a lithium wire in a glass vacuum tube the size of a small refrigerator . basher ( v.o. ) a pinch be the equivalent of a cardiac arrest for any broad-band electrical circuitry . or better yet : a pinch be a bomb ... but without the bomb . every time a nuclear weapon detonate , it unleash a electromagnetic pulse which shut down any power source within its vicinity . that tend not to matter in most case because the nuclear weapon destroy everything you might need power for anyway . now a pinch create a similar electromagnetic pulse , but without the headache of mass destruction and death . so instead of Hiroshima , you get the seventeenth century . a121 int . tishkoff's live room - night a121 rusty for how long ? basher about ten second . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 81. a121 continued : a121 danny could a pinch take out the power of a entire city ? like , I do not ... basher Las Vegas ? ( beat ) but there 's only one pinch in the world big enough to handle it . Danny and rusty trade a look : they have they answer . danny where ? basher ( a beat , then balefully ) pasadena . b121 ext . cal tech campus - night b121 headlights hit a sign : " Cal tech . high - security area . keep out . " a white van shoot past it . 121 omitted 121 122 int . white van - night 122 Turk and Virgil man the front seat as Danny , basher , yen and linus huddle in the back . basher and yen both prepare equipment for they raid : hook and a rope for yen , a small blowtorch and a drill for basher . danny ( to basher and yen ) you two ready ? they nod and , with Danny , start out the van 's rear door . linus start to follow but ... danny what be you do ? linus come with you . Danny smile and shake he head . linus ( furious ) but ... ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 82. 122 continued : 122 the van door slam in he face . 123 ext . laboratory - at perimeter door - night 123 Danny pick a lock , then he , yen , and basher disappear into the lab 's interior . 124 int . white van 124 linus twiddle he thumb , tired of be seat at the kid ' table . meanwhile , up front , another mensa meeting have be call to order ... virgil be you a man ? turk yes. nineteen . virgil be you alive ? turk yes. eighteen . virgil evel knievel . turk shit ! okay , you turn ... same scene - later virgil co-sign square over .0455 . turk no. co-sign square over .0415 . virgil .04 - five-five . turk one-five . virgil you be so wrong . turk you do not know you string theory , bitch . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 83. 124 continued : 124 same scene - later after a spell of silence ... virgil Mom tell I she love I more . turk she tell I she be go to tell you that . on linus turk ( o.s. ) stop it . virgil ( o.s. ) make I . turk ( o.s. ) stop it . virgil ( o.s. ) make I . they can be hear wrestling . linus have have enough . he sneak out the van 's back door without the malloy hearing he . 125 at perimeter door 125 linus sulk along the laboratory 's perimeter , find the door Danny pick - lock , and disappear inside . a moment pass . a moment pass . and the next door open , and Danny , basher , and yen appear , pinch in hand -- they have succeed . they weave a path to the van ... 126 int . van 126 Turk and Virgil be still wrestle as the trio appear . Danny , basher and yen pile in the back ... danny we get it . let 's go . Turk floor it , and they be off . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 84 . 126 continued : 126 danny wait a minute . Turk brake , and they be not . danny where 's linus ? everyone realize : he 's not here . just then : siren and alarm and light come to life . uh-oh . Danny spin to look out the back of the van , basher by he side . his eye scan the compound , then : danny there he be . danny's Pov of the lab , and its bevele - glass stairwell . linus scramble up its step , a flight ahead of a duo of chase guard . as he ascend out of sight ... Danny shift he focus to - danny's Pov the other side of the building , and two more guard arrive on the roof and move toward the staircase : linus will be trap . back to scene Danny , basher , and yen squat side - by-side - by-side , watch all this . yen make a colorful observation about linus 's predicament ; of course , no one understand it . virgil ( o.s. ) one of we should help he . basher ( who speak Danny 's mind ) then there will be two of we who need save . danny he know where we be . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 85 . 126 continued : ( 2 ) 126 danny's Pov both set of guard appear on the rooftop , and find no linus between they -- he 's disappear . turk ( o.s. ) where would he go ? back to scene Danny and basher slowly turn : Turk and Virgil crouch inch behind they , want to spectate as well . turk ( off Danny 's look ) what ? ( then , realize they goof , to he brother , remonstratively ) would you -- should not someone be behind the wheel ? crash ! 127 omitted 127 &amp ; &amp ; 128 128 129 ext . laboratory - night 129 a second - story window explode as a desk chair fly through it , follow shortly by linus who leap onto a steel - mesh overhang run alongside the building . 130 omitted 130 a131 int . van a131 danny alright , back it up , back it up ! Virgil leap into the driver 's seat , shift into reverse . b131 ext . van b131 linus run along the overhang , then leap down , onto the reversing van , and roll along its roof and down its windshield . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 86. b131 continued : b131 through the windshield : Virgil jab he thumb over he shoulder : get in the back . danny ( appear from the rear door ) c'mon , c'mon ... linus scramble back over the van , and Danny and yen pull he in . Virgil hit the gas for a quick getaway , but he do so before the rear door be close , and one of they slam shut right on yen 's hand -- crunch ! yen ahhh ! 131 int . white van 131 as it hurtle away . basher tend to yen , cradling he hand , and Danny stare down linus , breathless . danny I say stay in the van , you stay in the van , get it ? ' Cause you lose focus for one second in this game , and someone get hurt . linus ( he 's have just about enough of Danny 's shit ) I get it . they continue stare dagger at one another as ... a132 ext . van a132 the van pull away into the night ... jim lampley ( v.o. ) it 's fight night in Las Vegas ... 132 ext . las vega - day 132 incoming lane of the I - 15 reflect bumper - to- bumper steel ; plane in the air be stack for five mile over the desert ; even gila monster below seem vegas-bound . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 87 . 132 continued : 132 jim lampley ( v.o. ) ... people be flooding in from all over the country to see what have be dub the ' fight to end all fights ' ... 133 ext . las vega - day 133 jim lampley broadcast live from a mobbed Strip . jim lampley ... and even though it 's still five hour ' till the open bell , the energy here be fever- pitch . 134 int . bellagio casino 134 every table be in play , every seat fill . 88. 135 int . bellagio security CENTER - the eye in the sky 135 the bellagio 's casino manager ( the one linus spy with benedict before ) check in with he watcher . manager how we do ? 136 int . mirador suite - day 136 Livingston have move a/v operation into lyman Zerga 's suite . as he scour the same image the watcher downstairs do , he eavesdrop on they communication through he headset . watcher ( v.o. ) ( over Livingston 's headset ) cotton could not be taller . 137 in mirador suite bathroom 137 lose in the luxury he role dictate , saul float in a full - size jacuzzi and chew on a hundred dollar cigar ; reuben , meanwhile , pace the floor , nervously . tishkoff where be they ? that 's what I want to know . where be they ? saul ( as lyman ) they will be here . tishkoff ( to himself , mock " lyman " ) ' they will be here . ' thanks a lot , fidel . 138 at livingston's console 138 punch up a new set of view from the Eye in the Sky , Livingston thrust forward , alarmed by one . livingston yikes . 139 int . bellagio casino - lobby - day 139 rusty keep watch on the hotel 's side entrance . ( continued ) 89 . 139 continued : 139 he glance at he watch , then outside again as the white van arrive , drop off only linus and Danny , who slap the van 's roof before it pull away . as Danny and linus enter the lobby , rusty fall into step with they , exchange a smile with Danny but not linus , he still look chastise from the car-trailer . 140 int . elevator 140 Riding up ... rusty you boy have a nice trip ? rusty , smile , look to linus , glower , then to Danny . before Danny can explain the door part at the mirador suite , where Livingston greet they urgently . livingston we have a problem . 141 int . mirador suite - on livingston's laptop - day 141 a mug-shot of Danny , complete with vital information : height , weight , criminal history . livingston you have be red-flagged . it mean the moment you step on the casino floor , they will be watch you . like hawk . hawk with video camera . danny this be a problem . a pall fall over the room : this be more than a problem , this be disastrous . only saul dare make a noise , humming and splashing in the next room . rusty saul : time to get out . saul ( o.s. ) ( as lyman ) it 's time when I say it be . rusty now ! we hear he jump - to - it out of the tub ... ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 90 . 141 continued : 141 saul ( o.s. ) ( himself again ) I be out . rusty ( back to Danny ) you have any idea how this happen ? before Danny can answer ... linus I do . he 's be chase benedict 's woman . get into a real snarl with he two night ago . ( off Danny 's look ) I be tailing you . danny who tell you to do that ? before linus can answer ... rusty I do . ( he and Danny hold a stare ) I know you could not leave tess alone . tishkoff who 's tess ? danny my wife . rusty ex-wife . saul ( appear in a bathrobe ) tess be here ? rusty ( eye still on Danny ) I be sorry . I do not know if it would sting you , but it do . ( the most difficult word he 's ever have to say ) you be out , Danny . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 91 . 141 continued : ( 2 ) 141 tishkoff he 's out ?! rusty it 's that or we shut down right now . his involvement put we all at risk . Danny and rusty face off , furious with each other . danny this be not you call . rusty you make it my call . when you put she ahead of we . you make it mine . danny this be my job . rusty not anymore . Danny stare dagger at rusty . but he can see : everyone in the room be on rusty 's side . defeat , he stalk out of the room , onto a balcony , but not without stare down linus . tishkoff but , but ... he can not just be out . who 's gonna take he place ? rusty turn to linus . rusty kid , you up for it ? linus 's eye drift to Danny outside -- whatever acrimony he feel before , he never mean to kick Danny off the job . he nod , half - cocksure / half -scare - pissless : he 's up for it . rusty ( to Livingston ) find everyone else . let them know the change in plan . curtain go up at seven . Livingston exit . everyone else in the room stagger about , like witness after a execution . rusty step out onto the balcony , perhaps to console Danny , but ( as linus watch they from inside ) they word can not be hear . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 92. 141 continued : ( 3 ) 141 saul tess be with benedict now ? ( as nobody respond ) she 's too tall for he . 142 omitted 142 &amp ; &amp ; 143 143 144 int . benedict's suite - dressing room - night 144 tess , readying herself for the big evening , meet she own glance in a dress mirror , then spot benedict in its reflection , pace the bedroom behind she . benedict ( on phone ) yes . yes. no. very much no . ( beat ) then inform Mr. levin he will find a better view of the fight in front of he television . surely he must have h.b.o . hanging up , benedict approach she , put he hand on she shoulder ... benedict what be you think about ? tess you . she smile at he in the mirror . his glance in it , turn from she to himself . 145 int . executive elevator 145 Riding down , Terry benedict check he watch . the elevator door open and ... 146 int . bellagio casino - elevator BAY 146 ... he step onto he casino 's floor , the king of Las Vegas . the time be 7:00 . ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 93. 147 on balcony overlooking casino floor 147 benedict meet he casino manager , accord to schedule . benedict any sign of Ocean ? manager ( walsh ) not in a couple hour . you want he out ? I can bounce he from the state for parole violation if you like . benedict ( shake he head ) put a guy on he . he 's here for a reason . I would like to know what it be . but if he come anywhere near tess , take it to the next level . manager bruiser ? benedict nod , go on he way . 148 at casino entrance 148 saul , as lyman Zerga , stand ramrod straight , look through slide glass door out at the valet station . from behind , Terry benedict approach , two security guard walk half a pace behind he . saul spot he in the glass 's reflection ; he do not turn . saul Mr. benedict . benedict Mr. Zerga . it 's a very busy night for I . be we on schedule ? saul I have no reason to suspect otherwise . my courier should be here momentarily . a beat as benedict study saul . benedict it 's a nice evening . shall we wait outside ? ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 94 . 149 Pov through binoculars - on bellagio valet area 149 benedict and saul emerge , guard position around they . turk ( v.o. ) they be in position . livingston ( v.o. ) ( over static ) okay . we be a go . 150 ext . bellagio casino - valet area - sunset 150 a white , unmark van pull in from the street and race up to the curb where saul and benedict wait . Turk malloy get out the passenger 's side , a briefcase handcuff to he wrist , as Virgil come around from the driver 's side , both of they dress in they bodyguard suit . turk Mr. Zerga . a gift from Mr. hesse . Turk extend the briefcase to saul , so that they both clasp the handle , as Virgil produce a key , unlock the cuff on Turk 's wrist , transfer it to saul 's , clamp it shut , and hand saul the key . saul thank you , friedrich , gunther . he turn , nod to benedict , and they retreat into the hotel , the security guard and malloy flanking they . 151 int . bellagio casino 151 Frank deal blackjack to a full table . his eye gaze past he player to saul , the guard and benedict pass by . frank ( as he bust ) lookin ' like a bad night for the house . moving with benedict as he spy out of the corner of he eye Danny , lurking at a slot machine . to one of he guard ... benedict find Mr. walsh . tell he Mr. Ocean 's in the west slot . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 95 . 151 continued : 151 the guard go , and benedict continue with saul ... benedict I be afraid I can not allow my private security personnel inside the casino cage . I hope you do not mind ... saul of course not . saul turn to dismiss Virgil and Turk when ... ... pass by , on he way to a sport betting window , a old racetrack denizen happen past this cabal and , worse yet , happen to recognize saul . racetrack denizen saul ? saul Bloom , be that you ? saul do he best to ignore the man . but even benedict notice : this guy seem to know lyman Zerga . racetrack denizen saul , it 's I . bucky Buchanan , remember ? from Saratoga . at last saul turn to face this man , with shark 's eye . saul friedrich , gunther . a order : dispose of this man . Virgil and Turk pick up the denizen by he elbow and haul he away . saul Mr. benedict ... ( gesture to the cage ; be : he briefcase - cuff ) please : I have never enjoy the touch of steel to my skin . they proceed . 152 at slot 152 Danny sit in a row of octogenarian , all vacantly drop $ 1 coin and pull lever . as he watch saul and benedict disappear into the cage ... ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 96 . 152 continued : 152 ding ! ding ! ding ! ding ! four cherries . Danny smile , a big winner , but he 's get bigger pot to win tonight . he steer a neighbor senior citizen ( blind as a bat ) to he slot machine ... danny pop , you win . ... then slip away . a153 int . mirador suite a153 linus stand dress in a sharp , conservative suit -- a far cry from the threadbare thief in Chicago . rusty circle he , inspect . rusty where you gonna put you hand ? linus clasp they . rusty no ... linus go for he pocket . rusty not the pocket , either . and do not touch you tie . look at I ... linus do . rusty that how you gonna stand ? linus shift he balance . rusty wrong again . I ask you a question , you have to think of the answer , where you gonna look ? linus look down . rusty death . you look down , they know you be lie -- linus look up . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 97 . a153 continued : a153 rusty -- and up they know you do not know the truth . do not use three word when one will do , do not shift you eye , look always at you mark but do not stare , be specific but not memorable , funny but do not make he laugh , he 's gotta like you then forget you the moment you have leave he sight , and for God 's sake whatever you do , do not under any circumstance -- livingston ( o.s. ) rust , can you come here a sec ? rusty ( wander off ) sure thing . linus be leave utterly bewilder , a thousand commandment to remember and fifteen minute to remember they in . 153 ext . alley - dusk 153 Turk and Virgil 's white van whip around a corner and shoot inside ... 154 int . warehouse - second van Pov 154 of which , importantly , we never see the exterior , just a air freshener hang from the rearview mirror ... the white van screech to a halt inch from basher who stand ready beside the pinch ( and the now-gutted and dismantle mockup of the bellagio vault ) and faster than a nascar pit crew basher , Turk and Virgil load the pinch into the white van 's rear and before you can say " electromagnetic pulse " the van screech back out of the warehouse fully load . the time be 7:16 . 155 int . bellagio cage - empty count room 155 the room be empty save for a large table . saul place he briefcase on it , adjust its numbered combination lock , and open it . Inside the case : five row of glitter emerald . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 98. 155 continued : 155 benedict they be very beautiful . a gift . saul stare at he : none of you fuck business . benedict can you lift they out , please ? saul lift the velvet tray out of the case , and benedict pat down the case 's interior . saul replace the tray . benedict alright , Mr. Zerga . I acknowledge that the case do not contain any dangerous or illicit material . I further agree to take custody of you case for a twenty - four hour period to store in we secure vault . while I can not permit you to accompany the case to the vault ... saul why not ? benedict insurance , for one . Security , another . and I do not trust you . there be a knock at the door , and walsh the casino manager enter . he speak low in benedict 's ear . walsh ( manager ) I put two plainclothes on Ocean . he 's at the keno bar now . walsh nod , and benedict turn back to saul . benedict Mr. Zerga , this be Mr. walsh , my casino manager . if you will allow , he will arrange for you briefcase to be store inside we vault while you watch on a security monitor . ( beat ) that be my term . yes or no ? saul and benedict eyeball each other . saul you leave I no choice . saul unlock the cuff from he wrist . ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 98a . 156 ext . bellagio casino - kitchen entrance - night 156 the white van slow enough to unload Virgil and Turk , change into waiter uniform , and they hurry a table - clothed room service cart inside as basher pull away . 157 int . bellagio casino - by cage door - night 157 rising from a spotless pair of wingtip shifting side - to - side , over hand flex and stretch , up to linus caldwell . he keep a eye on the cage door , wait for benedict to appear , as he try anything to shake out he nerve . then , from a discreet earpiece he wear , come : livingston ( v.o. ) deep breath . you will do fine . linus ( breathes deep ) thanks . livingston ( v.o. ) no sweat , kid . you be a rock . ( as linus smile , feel good about himself ) now do not fuck up . 158 int . mirador suite - on livingston's monitor - night 158 linus 's smile disappear as he continue to bounce . there 's a knock at the door . ( continued ) 99 . 158 continued : 158 voice ( o.s. ) room service . rusty check through the peephole , then usher in Turk and Virgil in costume with they room service cart . turk who order the penne ? Livingston raise a hand , and as Turk serve he he plate , Virgil whip off the cart 's tablecloth : underneath it 's the false - lid cash cart . rusty turn to a corner . rusty you ready ? in it , yen finish bandage he bust hand and nod . 159 int . bellagio security CENTER - the eye in the sky 159 fat and slim sit before they monitor , foot kick up , as behind they walsh , benedict , and saul enter . walsh this be we security center , where we oversee all game in the casino as well as we vault . you will be able to monitor you briefcase from here . walsh , find fat and slim as they be , cough ; the two watcher leap immediately to they foot . benedict check he watch . saul do not let I keep you . benedict Mr. Zerga ... and benedict take he leave ... 160 int . mirador suite - night 160 rusty linus ... you be up . 161 int . bellagio casino - by cage door - night 161 linus nod , shake out he hand some more ... ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 100 . 161 continued : 161 linus deep breath , deep breath . ... and here come benedict , exite the cage just as he assistant arrive with he portfolio . as he turn toward the restaurant ... linus Mr. benedict ... benedict yes ? linus ( present proper identification ) sheldon will . nevada Gaming Commission . could I have two minute of you time ? benedict sigh -- he evening 's be sidetracked enough already -- but ... benedict of course . anything for the n.g.c . 162 at keno bar 162 Danny watch benedict escort linus toward the blackjack table , unaware that two plainclothes security goons watch he from across the bar , and when he turn in they direction , they look away , act incognito , but it 's not they he 's turn toward ... ... it 's tess , round a corner toward the restaurant . Danny jump to he foot , throw a tip on the bar , and go . 163 int . mirador suite - night 163 the time be 7:27 . yen tuck himself into the cash cart 's hide compartment with a slim oxygen tank for company . meanwhile , rusty drill Virgil and Turk ... rusty okay : when do you make the deposit ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 101. 163 continued : 163 turk not until we get you signal . virgil hey . what do we look like : a couple of peckerwood jackass or something ? no one respond . rusty ( turn he attention to yen , squeeze into the cart ) amazing : how 's it feel ? you alright ? ( as yen nod ) want something to read ? Magazine ? from the tangle of limb , a middle finger protrude to show rusty what he can do with a magazine . rusty okay . I be count down . thirty minute of breathe time start ... now . on " now " a running clock appear on - screen , descend from 29:59 . it will remain there for the duration of the pre-pinch heist , jump at time between scene . rusty seal yen inside the cash cart , then give the top a tug : it 's shut tight . as Virgil redress it with the tablecloth , Turk snatch back Livingston 's penne on the way to the door . livingston you get no tip . 164 int . casino floor - 28:37 164 and count . moving with benedict and linus into the pit boss 's station . linus it only come to we attention this morning , Mr. benedict . apparently he have a record longer than my arm . benedict if he be who you say he be . ( hail a pit boss ) Charlie . call over Ramon escalante . ( continued ) 102 . 164 continued : 164 pit boss certainly , Mr. benedict . benedict and linus wait , side - by-side . while linus do he best to play it cool , benedict dip into he portfolio . 165 int . mirador suite - on livingston's monitor - night 165 a overhead view of benedict as he pull out the combination to the vault , read it , then bury it in he jacket pocket . rusty do you make it out ? livingston his head block the last two number . ( into he microphone ) we miss it , linus . you gotta grab the combination yourself . 166 int . bellagio casino - night 166 linus half - nod in response , and benedict notice . suspicious of the young man , he decide to test he . benedict you new at the commission ? linus be there about two year . benedict I know hal lindley over there . you work with he at all ? linus ( a pause ; will he pass ? ) not since he die last year . he pass . the pit boss return with Frank in tow . benedict Mr. escalante . would you come with we , please ? frank what 's this about ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 103. 166 continued : 166 benedict I think it 's better if we talk off the floor . linus and benedict lead Frank away . as they pass a elevator ... ... its door open , revealing Turk and Virgil , dress now as security guard , push out the false - lid cash cart . they leave behind a pile of dish , waiter uniform , a tablecloth . 167 int . restaurant - 24:26 167 and count . a maitre D ' scour he reservation list , then peer up to find reuben tishkoff approach , on either side of he two gorgeous young woman , all blonde hair and breast and leg , woman who would not give hefner the time of day . maitre d' good evening , Mr. tishkoff . tishkoff good evening , marcel . my niece and I would like a table . something quiet before the fight . maitre d' I can put you at 19 in just a couple minute . tishkoff Quick as you can . ( be : the girl ) the meter 's run here . the maitre d' turn to he next customer : tess . she , of course , merit a table instantly . maitre d' good evening , miss Ocean . right this way ... reuben can not help but stare as tess pass by . his eye linger a little too long and a little too low ... voice ( o.s. ) hey ... reuben pivot ; it 's Danny , and he stroll past reuben and he lady friend and into the restaurant ... ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 104. 167 continued : 167 danny try to keep you tongue in you mouth . tishkoff ( shocked to see Danny ; think he 's off the job , but cover ) yeah , pal , well only if you take you thumb out of you ... ... reuben get brush from behind by the two plainclothes goons follow Danny . tishkoff ( outrage ) hey : you have any idea who I think I be ? 168 at tess's usual table 168 just as she 's sit , Danny approach . she go straight at he , apoplectic . tess Danny : no. danny I will just be a moment . tess I be have you throw out of here . she start past he ; he grab she arm to keep she , and she wheel on he . tess you be up to something , Danny . what ? and do not say you come here for I . you be pull a job , be not you ? danny tess ... tess well , know this : no matter what it be , you will not win I back . I can not afford it . danny I just come to say good - bye . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 105 . 168 continued : 168 this surprise tess , and , truth be tell , sadden she ; she study he a moment , unsure of what to say . tess oh ... then ... good -bye . danny good-bye . Danny start for she cheek , stop to see if it 's alright with she -- she , sad - eye , do not recoil -- and then gently kiss it ... danny be good . Danny leave she . tess watch he go . tess ( already miss he ) good-bye , Danny . 169 at restaurant's entrance 169 Danny run smack into the plainclothes goons . plainclothes goon # 1 Mr. Ocean . Mr. benedict would like to see you . danny ( resignedly , this man be much too big to tangle with ) I think he might . the plainclothes goons escort Danny away , right past reuben who frown , concerned . 170 int . bellagio casino manager' office - 18:25 170 Frank stand at attention before linus and benedict . linus , straddle a desk , take a beeper off he belt when it pinch he . benedict check he watch : the fight 's open bell be grow closer and closer . linus thank you for you cooperation , Mr. escalante . ( as Frank nod , not at all ) or should I call you Mr. catton ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 105a . 170 continued : 170 Frank bristle , try not to let it show . linus pull out a xerox mug shot and bio of he . linus you be Frank catton ? formerly of the tropicana , the Desert Inn and the New York State penitentiary system ? ( more ) ( continued ) 106 . 170 continued : 170 linus ( cont 'd ) ( as Frank remain quiet ) you silence suggest you do not refute that . ( to benedict ) Mr. benedict , I be afraid you have be employ a ex-convict . as you know , the n.g.c. strictly forbid ... frank ( under he breath ) goddamn cracker ... linus ( a pause ; he can not believe he just hear that ) pardon I . frank ( leer at linus , simmer ) you hear I . just ' cause a black man try to earn a decent wage in this state ... linus that have nothing to do with ... frank ( over he , ranting ) ... some cracker cowboy like you 's gotta kick he out on the street . want I to jump down , turn around , pick a bale of cotton , will not let I deal card , might as well call it whitejack . linus ( a beat , then ) I resent you implication that race have anything to do with this . ( to benedict ) now , as I be say , the nevada Gaming Commission strictly forbid the employment of the color ... ( whoops ) ... I mean ... that do it : Frank attack linus , lung at the man , and as benedict step in to separate the two ... ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 3/30/01 107 . 170 continued : ( 2 ) 170 ... linus 's hand dip into he tuxedo jacket and withdraw the vault combination . frank okay , okay , I be cool . benedict ( to linus ) you alright ? linus ( a beat , then ) yeah . 171 int . mirador suite - night 171 rusty ( hearing this ) he 's get it . ( into he mike ) Virgil , Turk : deliver you package . 172 int . bellagio casino - by cage door - 14:05 172 two guard stand sentry outside the cage door . Virgil and Turk move up with they cash cart , and when Virgil reach for he keycard ... it 's go . virgil aw , I think ... Jesus . I lose my card . the guard frown at he . a security officer approach . security officer what 's go on here ? virgil I think ... Jesus ! I lose my keycard . security officer ( and this , he know , will get this guard fire ) okay . leave the cart . go find it . ( to one of the sentries ) take this cart inside . the sentry nod , swipe he keycard , and enter with the cash cart . Turk and Virgil hesitate a moment to watch it enter , then hurry off . ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 108. 173 int . bellagio security CENTER - eye in the sky 173 on a monitor : the sentry push the cart down a cage corridor . on another : saul 's briefcase be escort by another guard to the vault elevator . on another : Danny be escort inside the cage by the plainclothes goons . walsh there it be now . saul ( beginning to sweat this a bit , nerve overtake he ) wonderful . on monitor the yen -fill cash cart join saul 's briefcase on the elevator . pull out to ... 174 int . mirador suite - 11:19 174 rusty that 's my cue . ( as he exit ) give basher the go . livingston ( into mike ) bash , what 's you status ? 175 ext . bellagio parking lot - moving with basher - night 175 drive the white van , listen to a book - on - tape of Jane eyre . livingston ( v.o. ) bash ! basher ( turn bronte down ) no need to yell . livingston ( v.o. ) what 's you status ? basher I be there . and he screech to a halt on the parking structure 's top level . Vegas can be see in every direction . ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 109 . 176 int . cage / hallway - 08:36 176 and count . benedict exit the casino manager 's office with linus and Frank . benedict hail two guard ... benedict please show this man off the premise . ( to Frank ) do not step foot in my casino again . frank ( as he 's lead away , over he shoulder , to linus ) cracker . benedict check he watch again : he 's really run late . benedict Mr. will , if you do not mind ... ( as linus forget to respond ) Mr. will ? linus of course . they start toward the exit . but halfway there ... linus my beeper . I be sorry . I forget it . benedict hesitates : he 's in a enormous hurry now , he 's behind schedule -- he hate be behind schedule -- but leave even a member of the Gaming Commission alone in he cage be a security risk . one glace at the camera all about and he decide to risk it . benedict you know how to get back out ? linus of course . enjoy the fight . benedict ( shaking he hand , then hurry away ) thank you . linus smile after he , withdraw the page of combination he lift off the man . ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 110. 177 ext . bellagio casino - 06:47 177 and count . the Guards show Frank out . Frank try to tip they ... frank thanks , fella . ... but they snarl at he before return inside . Frank smile and go on he way , he job complete . 178 int . interrogation room - 06:36 178 Danny sit opposite two plainclothes goons in absolute silence , wait . danny how much longer do you think Mr. benedict will be ? goon # 1 just a few minute more . he scan the room . danny no camera in this room , huh ? do not want anyone see what happen here ? the goons say nothing . Danny check he watch . danny he 's not come , be he ? the goons look at each other ; Danny have call they bluff . danny who be ? there 's a knock at the door , and the goons smile : Danny 's about to find out who . one goon rise to usher in ... ... the bruiser , come to beat the shit out of Danny Ocean . the guy 's at least six -six , three hundred pound , but it 's not he size that draw attention , it 's he tooth ... ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 111. 178 continued : 178 ... or the lack thereof ; the bruiser do not hold a single incisor , molar or bicuspid in he mouth . gum city . and there 's something really terrifying about the sight . danny I guess Mr. benedict do not like I talk to he girl . the goons shake they head . Danny smile at the bruiser , and the bruiser snarl back , show off that gum . he roll up he shirtsleeve , itching to tear a hole in this man . the goons head for the door . goon # 1 we be gonna step outside now . leave you two alone to talk thing over . the goons exit . Danny and the bruiser face off . and as Danny open he mouth to speak , bruiser 's fist flash out and knock he down . Danny rise , wiping a little blood from he lip . danny Jesus , bruiser , not ' till later . bruiser sorry , Danny . I -- I forget . danny s'okay . ( shaking it off ) how 's the wife ? bruiser pregnant again . danny then we better get to work . 179 outside interrogation room 179 stand guard outside , the goons hear punch and groans from inside as ... 180 int . interrogation room 180 ... Danny climb onto bruiser 's shoulder and push through the ceiling rafter , groan every time bruiser slap he fist into he hand . ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 112. a181 int . vault a181 a guard wheel in the yen-filled cash cart , park it in a station next to its twin , then -- as a afterthought -- plant saul 's briefcase right on top if it -- clunk -- a unforeseen obstacle to yen 's escape . b181 int . mirador suite b181 livingston oh shit ... 181 int . bellagio security CENTER - 04:30 181 saul witness this , too , and stifles a reaction . walsh do that satisfy you , Mr. Zerga ? saul yes , I be very satisfied . walsh ( to slim ) Close it up . on the monitor , the vault door close , but saul look anything but satisfied . he 's sweaty , he mouth 's so dry he can not swallow , and he keep patting down he pocket for he rolaid , without find they . fat you alright , sir ? 182 int . cage / hallway - moving with linus - 04:02 182 as he circumspectly approach the vault - elevator door , check up and down hallway for guard . 183 int . mirador suite - night 183 on a monitor , linus come into view ... livingston almost there , kid . 184 int . bellagio security CENTER - eye in the sky 184 ... and saul spot he , but so do fat ... ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 112a . 184 continued : 184 fat who 's that ? ... and saul can not handle the suspense : he grip he arm and groan and this be no ulcer problem , this be a full - fledge cardiac , and walsh , fat , and slim all attend to he , they back turn as ... 185 int . cage / hallway - 03:42 185 ... linus hurry to the elevator , punch benedict 's combination into a keypad . the elevator door open for he . ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 113. 186 int . mirador suite - night 186 Livingston punch a few key ... livingston go to video now . 187 int . bellagio security CENTER - eye in the sky 187 as saul and he heart attack hold the spotlight , a security monitor flip from a shot of linus enter the elevator to a Livingston - feed videotape of a empty lift . walsh ( as saul pass out ) call for a doctor . 188 int . elevator - 03:15 188 linus immediately reach up to the elevator 's ceiling , rip down its panel to reveal a trap door . as he start to push it open ... ... a hand yank it free from above . it 's Danny . danny you do not really think I be gonna sit this one out , do you ? linus what , do not you trust I ? danny I do now . he reach down and pull linus , wide - eye , up to the roof of the elevator . 189 int . mgm grand garden arena - 3:00 189 the boxer enter the ring before a full , cheer house . benedict and tess find they ringside seat , a row in front of reuben and he " niece . " ring announcer lady and gentleman !! 190 int . bellagio casino - by cage door - 02:56 190 rusty approach the sentry on duty at the cage door . rusty someone call for a doctor ? ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 114. 191 int . elevator shaft - above elevator - 02:21 191 Danny rip off he jacket and shirt to expose a rappelling line wrap around he torso . linus do the same . linus how would you get here ? danny crawlspace . and I have to give away a couple mile . linus but what about -- I mean , that whole thing with rusty ... Danny just smile at he . a192 flashback - ext . mirador suite - balcony a192 earlier that night , just after rusty kick Danny off the job . as linus watch from inside , deaf to they conversation , blind to they expression , Danny and rusty confer . danny you think the kid buy it ? rusty Hell , I think reuben buy it , and he know we be screwing around . ( beat ) you sure about this ? danny ( nod ) Bobby caldwell throw I into the pool first time . least I could do be give he kid a push . b192 int . elevator shaft - above elevator ( present ) b192 linus why would you make I go through all this ? why not just tell I ? danny well , where 's the fun in that ? ( start toward elevator shaft ladder ) c'mon : yen 's get about three minute of air leave . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 115. b192 continued : b192 Danny lead linus down and around the elevator and side - by -side they crawl onto the bottom of the elevator , grip the undercarriage of the lift to keep from fall . meanwhile , we descend quickly down the shaft , just to illustrate how very high up they be . 192 int . bellagio security CENTER - 00:53 192 rusty , play doctor , inspect saul . at the same time , he inspect a monitor : the vault door close with the yen-filled cash cart and saul 's briefcase inside . rusty stop , listen to saul 's chest , then drop he head ... rusty he 's go . walsh , fat and slim all bow they head . at the door , two paramedics arrive with a stretcher . walsh you be too late , guy . he 's dead . the first paramedic turn to he partner and admonish he : virgil ( to Turk ) I tell you to hurry . 193 int . elevator shaft - below elevator - 00:42 193 as Danny and linus work , affixing suction - cup anchor to they rappelling line ... danny who do you like tonight ? linus huh ? danny tyson or Lewis . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 116. 193 continued : 193 linus the fight ...? ( as Danny nod ) Lewis . ( as Danny shoot he a look ) you like tyson ? ( as Danny nod ) how strongly do you feel about it ? danny you look for action ? linus ( shrug ) I would go in for a buck . danny a buck it be . and they be ready , poise at the top , look into the abyss of a elevator shaft scattered with infrared sensor . danny ( into he mike ) Livingston , we be set . a194 int . casino floor - outside cage a194 rusty lead the " paramedics " out , with " dead " saul on they gurney . rusty ( into he mike ) Livingston , we be set . 194 int . mirador suite - 00:21 194 livingston ( hearing this , into he mike ) basher , we be set . 195 ext . bellagio parking lot - top level - 00:17 195 basher ( fix the pinch atop he van ) just give I a minute . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 117. 195 continued : 195 livingston ( v.o. ) we do not have a minute . yen 's gonna pass out in thirteen second . basher then give I thirteen second . and basher leap down to hook up the pinch 's wire to he van 's engine . 196 int . mgm grand garden arena - 00:10 196 the open bell ring -- round one . the fighter break from they corner , feint , jabbing ... sitting ringside : benedict look at tess and smile as she wince at the first sharp blow . 197 int . elevator shaft - below elevator - 00:05 197 peer down into blackness , Danny and linus prepare to let go any moment ... linus you ever rappel before ? danny never . you ? linus nope . 198 ext . bellagio parking lot - top level - 00:01 198 basher finish preparation . basher ( into he mike ) ready . livingston ( v.o. ) ( over earpiece ) then hit it . basher flip the switch . boom ! a quick tremor , then stillness . he pick a point on the horizon , like Babe Ruth , and suddenly ... basher ... one ... ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 118. 199 high above las vega 199 whole block of light disappear . casino vanish one - by-one . flamingo every pink light vanish . bellagio the fountain go flaccid . basher ( v.o. ) ... two , three ... new york , new york the roller coaster stop dead ; its passenger keep they arm raise , not sure what to do . 200 mgm grand garden arena 200 both fighter move in simultaneously , sweat fly , both reach back , both go for the light - out power cut to the jaw , when ... light out . basher ( v.o. ) ... four , five ... 201 omitted 201 202 int . elevator shaft 202 blip -- out go the infrared sensor . danny now ! and he and linus lean forward and fall ... 203 hurtling with danny and linus 203 down the elevator shaft . upside down , head curl , and all we hear be the whoosh of they body in motion and the whirl of they cord uncoiling . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 119 . 203 continued : 203 basher ( v.o. ) ... six , seven ..... and now , look straight down , the ground be rise up fast to meet they , a flat slab of gray concrete -- fifty foot , forty foot , thirty foot , twenty ... basher ... eight , nine ... and SNAP -- the cord reach they full extension , and Danny and linus bounce up , watch the floor recede . linus aaaaahhhhh ! 204 ext . bellagio parking lot - top level - night 204 basher ... ten ... in the distance , light come up again , first at the mirage , then the mgm , gradually approach ... 205 int . elevator shaft - bottom 205 come to a rest about ten foot from the floor , Danny quickly pull a slim blade and slashes the two coil straight across . he and linus go tumble to the floor as they drop line recoil lightning fast to they elevator anchor , just before ... ... the infrared light go back on -line . 206 int . mgm grand garden arena 206 the light suddenly flash back on , revealing ... ... both fighter stand , and tyson take advantage of Lewis 's disorientation and throw a sucker punch to he jaw . down go Lewis , and up go the crowd , roaring . ref ... one , two , three ... benedict make a quick survey ; the arena be apoplectic from the blackout - knockout . benedict what the hell be that ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 120. 206 continued : 206 he crane he neck , look around the room , surveying he empire : he smell a rat . his eye fall on reuben behind he , but reuben just shrug : " I do not pull the plug . " benedict ( to himself ) the first goddamn round . 207 ext . bellagio parking lot - top level - night 207 all the light be back on , and basher observe he achievement with great pride , he job complete . basher Viva Las Vegas . 208 int . elevator shaft - bottom 208 linus and Danny arise from where they have fall , clutching they head and rub bruise . Danny do not recover as quickly . linus you alright ? danny no , but you be sweet to ask . 209 int . bellagio vault 209 light be just flicker on here when ... ... the false lid of the cash cart thrust upward slightly . it 's yen try to get out , out of air and only now alert to saul 's heavy case rest atop he . 210 int . mirador suite - night 210 Livingston watch this on he monitor , just come back on , he finger poise on a play button , as Frank come in the door . frank be they in ? livingston one second . ( a look at he ) I think you get kick out ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 121. 210 continued : 210 Frank shrug . suddenly one of the monitor align itself , and Livingston press play . on monitor a overhead security - cam view of the vault corridor : the three uzi guard stand idly , on duty . and of the vault itself : yen try to get out of the cash cart . on monitor B overhead security - cam view of the vault corridor : the three uzi guard stand idly , on duty ... and in totally different position . of the vault : no cash cart , but no Zerga briefcase , no yen . livingston livingston this tape 's from last night . same guard , same ... his eye fix on saul 's briefcase push closer to the edge of the cash cart as yen try to free himself . livingston ... shift . 211 int . bellagio security CENTER - eye in the sky 211 the room be abuzz with activity . the monitor here flicker back on , too , display the image from monitor B , but every watcher in the place be watch a table because ... 212 int . bellagio casino - night 212 ... the floor be go nut . after the ten second of darkness , all bet be off . some player double - down during the blackout , other miraculously halve they bet . consequently , Livingston 's video feed switch go unnotice . 213 omitted 213 ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 122. 214 int . corridor / outside vault 214 Danny and linus pry open the elevator door and squeeze out . just beyond the next doorway stand ... ... three uzi - carrying guard , hover outside the vault door and wonder what the hell just happen to the light . a215 int . vault a215 yen continue to push up on the cash cart lid , and the more he push , the more saul 's briefcase slide off . yen stretch he hand out to grab it , but it 's sly beyond he reach , to the edge of fall . b215 int . corridor / outside vault b215 the uzi-carry Guards turn they back to the elevator shaft ... ... and linus and Danny appear in the doorway ; they both snap gas pellet and slide they into the corridor . uzi - carrying guard # 1 ( sniff something ) Jesus , ron , be that you ? 215 outside vault corridor 215 linus and Danny wait , Danny silently mouth a three - count before ... thud , thud , thud . they peer around the corridor to find ... all three uzi-carry guard lie unconscious on the ground . linus start in , Danny hold he back ... danny not yet . ( a beat ; another beat ; then ) okay . 216 int . vault corridor 216 Danny and linus enter , wave the faint remnant of the gas from they nose , tiptoeing past the guard ' body . linus you think yen make it out okay ? danny I be sure he 's fine . ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 122a . a217 int . vault a217 saul 's briefcase inch closer to fall off the cash cart , which of course would trigger the floor sensor and terminate this heist here and now . yen 's hand stretch farther out to grab it , push up just a little more on the false lid until ... ... the briefcase tumble toward the floor ... ... but not before yen snag the handcuff chain attach to it and swing it round . he 's get it . that threat over , he throw open the cash cart lid and take the biggest breath of he life . b217 int . vault corridor b217 linus punch in the code for the door to the vault anteroom ( the one he steal from benedict ) . he step back as it slide open , revealing -- -- the vault door : it be sleek and immense and impregnable . linus ( jaw drop ) Jesus ... danny there 's a chinese man with a hundred sixty million dollar behind that door . let 's get he out . Danny take a flat hand and slap the door hard . 217 int . vault 217 yen now sit perch atop the cash cart , saul 's briefcase open beside he ( he have remove half of lyman 's " emerald " ) . he hear the muffle Danny 's slap and he know : it 's time for he leap . it 's the same distance as the leap he make in the practice session , but this time he 's only get one good hand . 218 int . mirador suite 218 Frank and Livingston watch nervously . frank fin say he short it . livingston no bet . ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 123. 219 int . vault 219 yen prepare for he leap , then spring ... ... across the room , to the ledge he must grab ... ... and he grab it , but with only one hand he 's slip right away , and in a second he will hit the sensor floor ... ... but , in a flash , he spin and split he leg , prop himself up between two wall , inch above the floor . a acrobatic wonder . 220 int . mirador suite 220 Frank and Livingston exhale . livingston ( wishing he have bet ) shit . 221 outside vault 221 Danny , oblivious to this close call , slap the door again . a moment pass , then : yen respond with a slap , too . danny okay . 222 int . mirador suite - night 222 as basher enter , Livingston and Frank watch on a monitor linus punch in the combination he steal from benedict as Danny unravel a thin electrical wire connect to a detonator . frank that 's it ? livingston there 's still the five pin and the floor sensor . not much we can do about that from this side of the door . but from this side ... he punch up the image of yen in the vault . basher ... a little bit of semtex should do the trick . ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 124. 223 int . vault 223 yen set the last of lyman 's emerald against the vault door like a plastic explosive ... which , of course , it be . he affix a detonator receiver ( the size of a golf ball pencil ) to it , then slap the door twice : all set . a224 outside vault a224 Danny respond with two slap of he own . he step back , detonator in hand , its wire attach to the vault door . danny count down from twenty -- ( check watch ) -- now . b224 int . vault b224 yen start he retreat from the door , but get yank back . his hand 's bandage be catch on the door . c224 outside vault c224 danny -- seventeen , sixteen , fifteen -- d224 int . vault d224 yen try to free himself , but he can not use he other hand lest he drop to the floor . he try gnaw at he bandage , which bring he face within inch of a plastic explosive . e224 outside vault e224 danny -- eleven , ten , nine -- f224 int . mirador suite f224 Livingston et al. be alert to the danger . livingston ( into he mike ) linus , can you read I ? linus , do not blow the door , you be about to kill yen . ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 124a . g224 outside vault g224 linus hear nothing through he earpiece . linus -- five , four , three -- h224 int . vault h224 yen finally frees himself just as -- -- zooming into a plastic explosive -- i-224 outside vault I - 224 danny -- one -- he press he detonator . nothing . j224 int . vault j224 yen , still on the door , remain freeze . tremble . a beat . then , he start to creep back , leaping onto a money shelf , then another , as far from the explosive as he can get . k224 outside vault k224 Danny press it again . still nothing . linus what 's wrong ? danny I do not know . linus come over to look . linus you check the battery ? Danny blanch . linus shoot he a look . ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 124b . 224 int . mirador suite - night 224 Livingston , Frank , and basher watch the monitor in disbelief ... saul enter , alive and dress as himself again . his job be complete . saul everything go okay ? 225 int . vault corridor - outside vault 225 as Danny check he battery ( the type with build - in power meter : both at zero percent ) , linus ransack the uzi-carry Guards ' gear for replacement . he find aa 's in they flashlight . linus you know , you lose focus for one second in this game -- danny -- and someone get hurt , yeah yeah . I do not hear yen complain . he take the battery , insert they in he detonator , then slap the door twice more . a226 int . vault a226 yen catch he breath on the far end of the room . he hear the slap , roll he eye , and duck out of the line of fire . b226 outside vault b226 Danny press the detonator . c226 int . vault c226 the " emerald " explode . d226 outside vault d226 several mute but powerful blast . linus inch forward , almost dread this moment , pause ... ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 124c . d226 continued : d226 danny do it . linus pull ... and the door open . 226 int . vault 226 Danny and linus enter . silence . the cash cart have crumpled , and the vault grating , blacken , have hold . danny amazing ? linus go to one of the rack and tentatively open it ... yen pop up from within , he hair on end , look like he just drop out of a cyclone . yen ( he only English ) where the fuck you be ? 227 int . mirador suite - night 227 Livingston , Frank , saul , and basher watch as the first wave of bill get toss onto the vault floor . smile all around . saul ever be in love ? frank ( consider it for a moment ) no , I guess not . not really . saul this be better . 125 . 228 int . casino - outside fight arena 228 rusty step forward as people stream past he out of the fight arena . he dial he cell phone , listen ... 229 int . mgm grand garden arena 229 moving with benedict and tess , push they way out through the crowd . a phone be ringing nearby ... again and again ... benedict you gonna answer it ? tess I do not have a cell phone . they keep move , but the ring pursue they . finally , benedict stop , pull tess 's purse from she shoulder and open it : inside , he find a cell phone , ringing . tess it be not mine . benedict see who 's on the other end . she take the phone , activate it . tess hello ? rusty ( v.o. ) May I have a word with Mr. benedict , please ? tess look up , confuse . tess it 's for you . benedict take the phone . benedict who the hell be this ? on rusty in the distance , at the arena 's exit , unseen by benedict or tess , on the phone ... rusty the man who 's robbing you . 126 . 230 int . bellagio security CENTER - eye in the sky 230 benedict enter , and fear enter with he . and , of course , tess . as the room buzze with activity , he keep the cell phone press to he ear . benedict what the hell be go on down there in the vault ? fat nothing , sir . all normal . benedict show I . fat point to the security - cam view of the vault corridor and vault -- Livingston 's tape . fat all quiet . benedict ( on phone , venomously ) I be afraid you be mistaken . 231 int . mirador suite - night 231 Frank , basher and saul watch over Livingston 's shoulder as this phone conversation be broadcast over a small speaker . rusty ( v.o. ) you be watch you monitor ? okay , keep watch . Livingston punch in number ... 232 int . bellagio security CENTER - eye in the sky - 232 on fat' monitor New image suddenly appear . Three mask man in the vault throw stack of money onto the floor ; the three uzi Guards lie bound and unconscious in the corridor . the security center , understandably , erupt in activity . benedict Jesus Christ ... ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 127. 233 int . bellagio casino - night 233 rusty stroll so casually there 's no reason anyone pass would suspect he be do more than order a pizza . rusty ( v.o. ) in this town , you luck can change just that quickly . 234 int . bellagio security CENTER 234 benedict ( close to apoplectic , take a breath and cup the phone , then bark at walsh ) find out how much money we have down there . tess , amid all this chaos , be still curious : how do that cell phone get into she handbag ? and suddenly it hit she ... a235 flashback - int . restaurant - earlier that evening a235 danny good-bye . Danny start for she cheek , stop to see if it 's alright with she -- she , sad - eye , do not recoil -- and then gently kiss it ... ... as he slip the cell phone into she handbag , unnotice . benedict ( on phone ) alright . you have prove you point . you have break into my vault . congratulation : you be a dead man . tess leave . rusty ( v.o. ) maybe . benedict May I ask : how do you expect to leave here , hmm ? intercut with : 235 int . casino floor 235 benedict do you believe I will simply allow you to parade bag full of my money out my casino door ? a distance beyond rusty , tess exit the cage . she stop , puzzle over what to do , happen to spot he . rusty no . you be gonna carry it out for we . benedict ( have to laugh ) and why would I do that ? rusty take a closer look at you monitor ... ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 128a . 236 int . security CENTER 236 benedict do . as the three mask man stuff money into large canvas bag and mark the bag with X 's , another portion of cash remain untouched , booby -trap . rusty ( v.o . ) as you manager 's probably report to you by now , you have a little over a hundred sixty million in you vault tonight . and , as if rusty be in the room watch , walsh approach with the night 's cash count : $ 163,156,759 . rusty ( v.o. ) you may notice : we be only pack up about half that . the other half we be leave in you vault , booby - trap , as a hostage . 237 int . casino floor 237 rusty you let we eighty million go , and you get to keep you eighty . that 's the deal . you try and stop we , we will blow both cash load . ( continued ) 129 . 237 continued : 237 he spin and -- gasp -- come face - to - face with tess . she stare at he directly : she know . rusty ( hold she glance ) Mr. benedict : you can lose eighty million dollar secretly tonight or you can lose a hundred sixty million dollar publicly . it 's you decision . he cup the phone . rusty hi. 238 int . security CENTER 238 benedict cup he phone , too , and vent he rage . he know what he should do -- let the money go -- and he know what he want to do -- stop this sonsabitch . he make he choice ... benedict ( to walsh ) make the call . walsh grab a phone , punch number ... voice ( v.o. ) 911 . emergency response ... 239 int . mirador suite - night 239 Livingston listen in on the call ... walsh ( v.o. ) hello , this be Mr. walsh at the bellagio . 240 int . security CENTER 240 walsh we have a incident here ... benedict ( uncupping he phone ) okay . you have a deal . ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 130. 241 int . casino floor 241 tess and rusty hold a stare as rusty hold the phone . tess where 's Danny ? rusty he 's fine . he want you to go upstairs , and watch tv . tess ( a little piss ) he do ? benedict ( v.o. ) you have a deal . rusty it 's alright , tess . I promise . ( back on phone ) good . here 's what you do . five minute from now , the man in the vault be go to deposit six bag in the vault elevator . tess be not sure what to do . as rusty continue on the phone , she back off , debate : can she blow the whistle on she ex ? 242 int . vault elevator - close on six canvas bag 242 each seal tight , each mark with a X , load onto the vault elevator . rusty ( v.o. ) if they meet anyone , we will blow the money in the bag and the money in the vault . 243 int . cage - outside vault elevator 243 a small cadre of guard await the arrival of the vault elevator . its door open to reveal the six large canvas bag , each seal tight , mark with a X . rusty ( v.o. ) one minute after that , the elevator will rise to you cage . six of you guard will pick up the bag and carry they out into the casino . six guard do precisely that . 131 . 244 int . casino - night 244 moving with rusty past slot machine ... rusty if they take more than twenty second to reach the casino floor or if there 's any indication a switch have be make , we will blow the money in the vault and the money in the bag . a slot machine ring behind he ... 245 int . bellagio security CENTER - eye in the sky 245 ... and benedict hear it . benedict ( to walsh ) he 's in the casino right now . rusty ( v.o. ) of course , I be in the casino . in fact , I be stay in you hotel . and I have two word for you : mini-bar . ( back to business ) now as soon as you guard hit the casino floor ... 246 int . bellagio casino - night 246 the six guard appear from the cage door , carry six canvas bag mark with X 's ; bellagio security escort they from the building . rusty ( v.o. ) ... a white unmark van be go to pull up in you valet station . 247 ext . bellagio casino - night 247 the white van ( now clean of the " nevada telecom " sign ) idle before the bellagio , its window tinted , the driver 's identity inscrutable . it be swarm by security , but they maintain a wide perimeter . rusty ( v.o. ) you guard will load the bag into the van 's rear . if anyone so much as approach the driver 's door , we blow everything . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 132. 247 continued : 247 the guard carry out the money and load it into the van 's rear . there , they find a video camera mount within the back seat of the van monitoring they . still they cannot catch a glimpse of the driver . they close the van door . 248 bellagio - from high above 248 the white van depart the valet station in front , clandestinely shadow by five sedan . meanwhile , behind the casino , a swat van arrive and unload its squad . benedict ( v.o. ) now what ? rusty ( v.o. ) now , when I get word that the van have not be follow , that the money be secure , my man will exit the building , and once they safety be confirm , you will get you vault back . 249 int . bellagio security CENTER - eye in the sky 249 walsh mouth to benedict : " swat team be here . " benedict nod and throw he a thumb -up . benedict Sir , I have comply with you every request , would you agree ? rusty ( v.o. ) I would . benedict good . now I have one of my own . rusty ( v.o. ) yes ? benedict ( at last , he venom release ) run and hide . if you get pick up next week buy a $ 100,000 sport car in Newport Beach , I will be supremely disappointed . because I want my people to find you . and rest assure : when they do , they will not hand you over to the police . ( beat ) run and hide . that 's all I ask . and during the above rant by benedict , we view ... ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 133. 250 mirador suite 250 now empty , Livingston 's monitor still display the mask man in the vault . 251 white van 251 navigate the street of Las Vegas . 252 five sedan 252 tailing the van , security goons pile into each , and maybe we notice ( or maybe not ) the roll - royce tailing they . 253 tess 253 pace in benedict 's suite , bite she nail , debate whether to blow the whistle on Danny . on tv : a newscast of the contentious aftermath of the prize fight . a254 uzi guard , a254 bound and unarm , unconscious to the activity within the vault . 254 rusty's cell phone 254 open and unmanned . a255 benedict a255 listen -- the line have go dead . he hang up . walsh we guy say the van be head toward mcCarren Airport . benedict get everyone in position . I want my vault back before that van hit the tarmac . longer montage now , cutting between : 255 swat team 255 ( six in all ) hustling through the cage corridor , armed to the tooth , with body armor and helmet and vision guard : they be as faceless as storm trooper . ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 134. 256 white van convoy 256 as it approach mcCarren Airport . 257 monitor of the vault 257 the three mask man pace beside the booby - trap money . a258 int . security CENTER a258 benedict ( on second inspection ) where 's Zerga ? ( off walsh 's sheepish look ) Mr. Zerga ? with the briefcase ? walsh he 's -- he die . benedict shoot he a slow , sideways glance . 258 swat team 258 rappelling down the elevator shaft -- its ultraviolet sensor turn off by walsh -- then move into position ... 259 int . bellagio security CENTER - eye in the sky 259 swat leader ( v.o. ) ( over radio , on monitor ) night goggle on . prepare to cut power . fat man the power switch . fat ready when you be . benedict scour the monitor : the mask man continue to pace on one screen . the swat team prepare to invade on another . benedict do it . swat leader ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) cut it . fat flip the power switch . ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 135. 260 int . mirador suite 260 Livingston 's monitor all go black . 261 int . bellagio security CENTER - eye in the sky 261 the monitor here go black as well . benedict listen closely to the swat frequency . swat frequency ( v.o. ) ( leader 's voice ) first wave , in ! second wave , now ! ( there be running , panting , then linus 's voice , distant and panicked ) guy , someone 's here ! ( leader 's voice ) take he down ! now ! a brief spurt of gunfire , then ... barrroooooom ! Dead silence in the Eye in the Sky . slim stare deep into a monitor 's dark pitch . then ... swat frequency ( v.o. ) ( leader 's voice ) light ! we need power now ! fat flip the power back on , and on the monitor ... ... vision of destruction down below ... smoke fill the vault as two swat member push through it ... other swat member help evacuate the unconscious guard ... benedict ( into intercom ) what 's the situation down there ? swat leader ( v.o. ) they blow it . they blow the ... oh , Jesus ... if there be anyone in there , they be not in one piece anymore . benedict ( to walsh , soberly ) tell they to take the van . I be go down there . ( as a afterthought , to slim ) find out how they fiddle with we camera . ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 135a . 262 ext . mccarren airport - night 262 as the white van arrive at a charter airline 's entrance , the five sedan converge upon it , tire screeching , goons emerge , weapon draw . head goon get out of the van , now ! now ! no response within the van . the head goon signal and the other shoot the van 's tire . 136 . 263 int . circuitry room 263 slim investigate the Eye in the Sky 's wiring . reaching deep into a mesh , he find a foreign object : Livingston 's " spider . " 264 int . vault corridor 264 the vault elevator door open and Terry benedict make he way into he smoke - fill vault corridor . he pass the uzi Guards , awake now and stumbling to the elevator with swat member ' assistance , then arrive before he decimate vault : anything within -- people , money , lyman Zerga 's emerald -- could only have be destroy . over swat leader' shoulder as he approach benedict . swat leader Mr. benedict ... benedict yes . swat leader we could not find any survivor . or , I be afraid , any of you money . I be sorry , sir . benedict ( do not want to hear anymore ; the swat team fail he ) take you man out now . hold on benedict , seethe , as the swat leader step away ... swat leader okay , guy , grab you gear and clear out . benedict ( into walkie- talkie he have with he ) walsh : how be we with the van ? 265 ext . mccarren airport - night 265 the stalemate with the van continue . still no movement from inside . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 137. 265 continued : 265 head goon out of the van now ! hand up ! a employee from the charter airline stick he head out of he office door . employee ( innocently ) hey , what 's go on here ? half -a-dozen firearm turn and point in he direction . the employee disappear back inside he office . the head goon cautiously approach the van , reach for the driver 's door , and yank it open ... Inside : there be no driver . just a video camera mount at eye-level . the head goon crane back he head , befuddle , when he notice for the first time ( and maybe we do , too ) a enormous antenna sprout from the van 's rear bumper . the van suddenly lurch . 266 short distance away - close on remote control 266 complete with a tiny video monitor ( display the van driver 's Pov ) and a steering mechanism -- it 's a near - replica of the one Virgil malloy use in the monster truck drag race against he brother . and Virgil 's use it now , too , as he sit next to reuben tishkoff in one of reuben 's roll and watch the goons scramble back from the flat-tire van . tishkoff enough monkey business . Virgil bring the van to a stop , then ready a distinctive red button on he remote . 267 back with van 267 as the head goon reach for the rear door , he hand inch away when ... ... barroooom ! the door explode open ! knocked on he ass , the head goon watch as the canvas " X " bag within burn to cinder . he do , however , happen to notice one burn shred of paper dislodge from a bag : it 's a promotional flier for a call girl service . ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 138. 268 int . bellagio vault - night 268 benedict step over the scattered remain of he vault . he pick up a fragment of a cash cart , burnt to a crisp , then let it drop . walsh ( v.o. ) ( over walkie- talkie ) Mr. benedict ... benedict yes ? walsh ( v.o. ) they take the van . benedict and ? walsh ( v.o. ) ( hesitantly , this be bad news ) and they blow up the bag , sir . benedict ( drop he walkie- talkie to he side ) shit . walsh ( v.o. ) Sir ... sir ... benedict what , walsh ? walsh ( v.o. ) they say it do not look like there be any money in the bag , sir . benedict what ?! walsh ( v.o. ) they say the bag be fill with flier . for hooker . benedict what do you mean there be no money in the bag ? walsh ( v.o. ) that 's what they say , sir . I do not understand it : we both see they put money inside that bag . ( continued ) 139 . 268 continued : 268 benedict stop cold . he stare up at a wall where a engrave sign read " bellagio " have be smoke-stain . benedict walsh , cue up the tape of the robbery . 269 int . bellagio security CENTER - eye in the sky 269 walsh stand before several monitor as slim cue up the " mask man robbing the vault " image of a few minute ago beside the present image of benedict stare at the vault wall . benedict ( v.o. ) do it say ' bellagio ' on the south wall of the vault ? in the mask - man image it do not , in fact , say " bellagio " there . walsh ( on walkie- talkie ) no , sir . it do not . I -- I do not understand ... 270 int . vault 270 benedict exhales . benedict we have that install on Tuesday . the image we see of the man robbing we be a tape . walsh ( v.o. ) what ? benedict someone build a double of my vault , then make a tape of they robbing it . when we see they put money in that bag , that be not actually happen . 271 int . security CENTER 271 walsh 's jaw drop as he watch the tape again . walsh then , sir ... ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 140. 272 int . bellagio vault - night 272 benedict be absolutely fuck furious . walsh ( v.o. ) ... what happen to all the money ? 273 int . bellagio casino - close on swat duffel bag - night 273 carry through the bellagio casino , hold by the swat leader lead he man out ( now eight in all ) , and at last we pull up to see he face for the first time ... it 's rusty , in full regalia , lead Livingston , Turk , saul , Frank , basher , yen and linus out of the casino , each dress as a swat member , each carry a duffel bag with nearly $ 20 million dollar inside . as we pass each man , under the hum of the casino , we see : 274 flashback - int . mirador suite - livingston 274 take the call from walsh in the mirador suite as basher , saul , and Frank dress behind he . livingston 9 - 1 - 1 . emergency response . 275 turk 275 dress as a swat member , hustle down a cage corridor . 276 saul 276 have trouble rappelling with the rest . 277 basher 277 take position next to rusty at the elevator shaft 's bottom . they be on -camera , but just a few foot away and ( off-camera ) Danny sit smile . rusty ( hide he voice ) prepare to cut power ! 278 yen 278 light a short fuse lead into the vault ... ocean be 11 - Rev. 4/16/01 141. 279 linus 279 feign hysteria ... linus guy , someone 's here ! 280 rusty 280 fire a spurt of blanks . barrroooom ! no one be hurt . nor be the money , stack neatly in a corridor , ready to be pack into the phony swat team bag , body armor , etc . 281 ext . bellagio casino - night ( present ) 281 the swat team exit and board the second vehicle Turk and Virgil have be work on all this time , the one in the warehouse with a air freshener hang from its rearview mirror : it 's a replica of a swat van . Turk take the wheel as the other jump in the back . rusty flip open another cell phone ... rusty Las Vegas p.d. this be Officer brook , New Jersey probation division . I have a violator in you jurisdiction ... ( cupping phone ) hit it . Turk hit the gas and the vehicle peel away , carry its cadre of new multi-millionaire far away from the bellagio Hotel and casino . 282 int . bellagio vault 282 benedict squat down to inspect a burnt scrap of paper on the vault floor . it 's a flier for a strip joint . benedict ( and it finally occur to he ) Ocean ... 283 int . cage / hallway - moving with benedict 283 heated , he approach the interrogation room , where he plainclothes goons keep watch . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 4/16/01 141a . 283 continued : ( A1 ) 283 benedict where 's Ocean ? plainclothes goon # 1 still inside , sir . with bruiser . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 142. 283 continued : 283 benedict straighten he cuff , cool himself , then : benedict open that door . 284 int . interrogation room 284 bruiser throw a mean leave hook across Danny 's face as the door swing open and benedict step in . bruiser see he and step away , toweling off he bloody knuckle . benedict study Danny : the man be a bloody mess , head roll , eye puffed up . benedict wake he up . the goons step in , slap Danny alert . at last , Danny recognize benedict in the room . danny ( a little punchy ) heya , benedict ... how 's the other fight go ? benedict keep he cool . benedict do you have a hand in this ? ( beat ) do you ? danny do I have a hand in what ? benedict scrutinize Danny : be he bluff ? he look at bruiser , then Danny again , and decide : no . benedict get he out of here . as the goons scoop he up and drag he out , Danny catch bruiser 's eye for just a moment . and barely wink . 285 int . benedict's suite 285 the phone ring . tess pluck it up . tess hello ? ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 143. 285 continued : 285 voice ( v.o. ) ( if you must know , it 's Livingston 's ) turn to Channel 88 . click . tess do so . on she tv : a security - angle of the cage hallway . the goons appear , escort bloody Danny out . as tess gasp , we go live to ... 286 int . cage / hallway 286 where benedict follow the goons and Danny out , brood : what 's he next step ? walsh approach . danny you get rob or something , benedict ? geez , that 's a shame . benedict look up , suspicious . benedict stop there . the goons stop , spin Danny around to face benedict . benedict where . is. my. money . they hold each other 's eye . danny what would you say if I tell you you could get you money back ... ( beat ) ... if you give up tess ? ( beat ) what would you say ? benedict I would say yes . 287 int . benedict's suite 287 she 's crestfallen . ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 144. 288 int . cage / hallway 288 danny well , that 's very interesting ... ( beat ) ... but I do not have anything to do with it . he grin . benedict sink . benedict ( to he goons ) escort Mr. Ocean to the exit . and contact the police . I would imagine Mr. Ocean be in violation of he parole . 289 int . benedict's suite - on tv 289 the goons haul Danny out . tess have leave , heartbeat ago : the room 's door be just close . a290 int . cage / hallway a290 walsh maybe we should have hold he . benedict no. follow he . everywhere . 290 int . casino floor - outside cage 290 benedict exit . take in he casino . it 's be a bad night : he 's down a hundred fifty million . he start for ... 291 int . casino floor - elevator BAY 291 as he arrive , the elevator door open and tess step out . she breeze right past he . benedict tess ... ( as she do not stop ) tess ? tess you of all people should know , Terry : in you hotel , there 's always someone watch . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 145. 291 continued : 291 she keep go . benedict , now down a hundred fifty million and one woman , board the elevator . its door close on he . 292 ext . alley / vacant warehouse - early morning 292 the swat van round a corner and duck inside the warehouse . Three - and -a-half second pass . and the eight swat member reappear , now all in suit , perfectly press , and with grin on they face and change in they pocket , they begin they victory stroll , single - file and sloppy ... right down the ... 293 strip - moving with they 293 Turk , Livingston , Frank , basher , yen , saul , linus and rusty march down the strip single - file , and when they come to a intersection ... ... Virgil and reuben , also in suit , fall into stride for a victory lap in front of the bellagio fountain . then , one - by-one , the group splinter off , strolling into different hotel or grab cab , until there be only two leave : rusty and linus . they take each other in , shake hand , and part . 294 ext . bellagio casino - night 294 tess exit , search for Danny . she round the building to ... 295 ext . service entrance 295 where a lvpd squad car have just arrive to take goon -held Danny away . she run toward it . tess wait ! they do . as Danny be handcuff and prepare for load in the back , he and tess hold each other 's glance . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 145a . 295 continued : 295 tess Danny ... ( beat ) I be sorry . danny I know what I be do . a beat . tess I do not . ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 146. 295 continued : 295 a cop lower Danny 's head as he direct he into he seat . tess how long will you be ? danny ( shrug ) Three to six month , I should think . the squad car door close he in and tess stand vigil as it pull away . 296 across STREET 296 rusty watch Danny be drive back to prison , too . dissolve to : 297 ext . front gate - minimum - security prison - day 297 superimpose : three to six month later . the great metal gate open once more , revealing Danny Ocean in its frame again , ready for release . he look forward -- no one 's there to greet he , and the view of New Jersey look no brighter than it do before . he take he first step into free America ... ... to discover rusty lean against the prison wall . Beyond he sit he second -hand mercede from L.A. rusty look for someone ? danny thirteen million and you drive that piece of shit cross country to pick I up ? rusty hello to you , too . they shake hand . rusty look Danny over . rusty you hair 's grayer . ( continued ) 147 . 297 continued : 297 danny you eye get closer together . ( beat ) how 's life ? rusty life ... be a roomful of pillow . ( beat ) c'mon ... moving with Danny and rusty toward the mercede , together again . rusty where do you want to go first ? danny to a phone . rusty have anticipate this . rusty I stop and pick up you personal effect , put they in the back seat . danny my what ? Danny get to the passenger door and look in to see tess sit in the back . she smile at he . danny ( smile back , then ) I be not sure this belong to I . tess sure they do . Danny and rusty get in . Danny kiss tess. rusty start the car . danny we need to find rusty a girl . rusty there 's a woman 's prison just down the road ... ( continued ) ocean be 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 148. 297 continued : ( 2 ) 297 he drive off . in the back , Danny take tess 's hand in he . notice a silver wedding band on it . danny you say you sell this . tess that 's what I say . danny liar . tess thief . as they drive away ... ... another car start its engine begin to follow . at the wheel : benedict 's goons . the end