office space transcribe by Jean liew [ scene : a highway . there 's a huge traffic jam . Peter drive forward a bit at a time and he see a old man with a walker on the sidewalk . the lane next to he be move , so he switch lane , only to have it stop and the lane he be on move . he switch back and then it happen again . the old man be now ahead of he . ] cut to Michael , who 's rapping along with the radio . a black guy sell papers walk by and he shut the window and turn down the volume . he pass and he turn it back up again . cut to samir . he grab the steering wheel and shake it in frustration . samir motherf - shit - sonofa - ass !! I just - he hit the steering wheel . cut to milton at a bus stop . tn he mumble he come line , as he do with all he line . milton it 's late again . if I be there late again , I will be dismiss . [ scene : initech parking lot . Bill drive into he special spot . ( reserved for Bill lumbergh ) he turn on the alarm for he porsche ( license plate : my prshe ) and walk in . Peter walk in too . ] cut to inside . Peter pause at the door and slowly reach out to touch the metal handle . it give he a shock and he enter . cut to the cubicle . Peter go into he . he pick up papers , turn on the computer and sit down . nina corporate counsels payroll , Nina speak . just a moment . ( repeat that over and over ) Bill come up to Peter . bill hello , Peter . what 's happen ? uh we have sort of a problem here . yeah . you apparently do not put one of the new coversheet on you tps report . peter oh , yeah . I be sorry about that . I , I forget . bill mmmm.. yeah . you see , we're putting the coversheet on all tps report now before they go out . did you see the memo about this ? peter yeah . yeah . yeah . I have get the memo right here , but , uh , uh , I just forget . but , uh , it 's not shipping out until tomorrow , so there 's no problem . bill yeah . if you could just go ahead and make sure you do that from now on , that will be great . and uh , I will go ahead and make sure you get another copy of that memo mmmm , ok ? he walk away . peter yeah , yeah , I have get the memo , I have get - he pick it up but Bill 's at another cubicle . bill hello , phil . what 's happen ? Peter try to read he papers , but a loud radio ( news ) be bother he . he stand up and see it 's milton . peter milton ? uh , could you turn that down just a little bit ? milton uh , they say I could listen to the radio at a reasonable volume from nine to eleven while I be collate . peter but , no , no , no . I know you be allow to , I be just think , like a personal favor , y'know ? milton I , I tell Bill that if Sandra 's go to listen to she headphone while she ' work , I can listen to the radio while I be collate - peter ok . milton so I do not see why - peter ok . milton the radio , I can not - peter yeah ! all right ! he sit down . milton I enjoy listen to the radio at a reasonable volume from nine to eleven . dom walk up . dom hello , Peter . what 's happen ? ( Big smile ) we need to talk about you tps report . peter yeah . the coversheet . I know , I know . uh , Bill talk to I about it . dom yeah . uh , do you get that memo ? peter yeah . ( hold it up ) I get the memo . and I understand the policy . the problem be , I just forget this time . and I have already take care of it so it 's not a problem anymore . dom nod . dom yeah . it 's just that we be put new coversheet on all the tps report before now before they go out now . so I would really appreciate it if you could just remember to do that . from now on . that would be great . he walk away . Peter 's phone ring and he answer it . peter Peter gibbon . ( listen ) yes. ( listen ) I have the memo . [ scene another part of the room . Paper jam in the printer . ] samir oh no ! not again ! why do it say paper jam when there be no paper jam ?!! I , I swear to God , one of this day , I , I , I just kick this piece of shit out the window !!! michael you and I both , man . the thing be lucky I be not armed . samir grab the paper out , tear off the bottom part of it . samir piece of shit !! Nina come with papers . nina sam...ire ... na ... na ... naga ... samir get it . nina uh-huh ! samir please . he sit in he and Michael 's cubicle . nina Michael - ( Michael reach for it ) bolton ? michael that 's I . nina wow ! be that you real name ? michael yeah . nina so be you related to the singer guy ? michael no , it 's just a coincidence . samir how come no one in this country can pronounce my name right ? it 's na - gee-een - ah -jah . nagaenajar michael at least you name be not Michael bolton . samir Michael , there 's nothing wrong with that name . michael there be nothing wrong with it . until I be about nine year old and that no - talent assclown become famous and start win grammy . samir well , why do not just go by Mike , instead of Michael ? michael why should I change it ? he's the one who suck . Peter come up to they cubicle . peter hey guy . michael what 's up G ? peter wanna go to chotchkie 's , get some coffee ? samir it 's a little early ... peter I gotta get out of here . I think I be gonna lose it . nina uh oh . sound like somebody 's get a case of the monday . [ scene chotchkie 's . they be sit at a booth thing . ] peter Boy . I tell ya , one of this day ... one of this day it 's gonna be like he mimic a machine gun . Brian , a waiter , do it too , in Peter 's face . brian ( laugh ) so can I get you gentlemen something more to drink ? or maybe something to nibble on ? some pizza shooter , shrimp popper , or extreme fajitas . peter just coffee . brian oh. sound like a case of the monday . he go to take some more order . peter what if we be still do this when we be 50 ? samir it could be nice to have that kind of job security . peter lumbergh 's gonna have I work on Saturday , I , I can tell already . I be do it because , because , uh , I be a big pussy . which be why I work at initech to begin with . michael uh , I work at initech and I do not consider myself a pussy , ok ? samir yes , I be also not a pussy . michael I be gonna find out the hard way that I be not a pussy if they do not start treat we software people better . samir that 's right . michael they do not understand . I could come up with a program that could rip that place off big time big time . peter yeah . cut to joanna , a pretty waitress . cut back to the guy . peter oh , there she be . samir Peter , you , you always talk about this girl . if you be so obsessed with she , why do not you just ask she out ? peter because I be just another asshole customer . you can not just walk up to a waitress and ask she out . ( cut to joanna , and back to they ) plus , I be still try to work it out with Anne . oh , that remind I . I be not go to be able to play poker with you guy on Friday . michael why not ? peter uh , I have to see this occupational hypnotherapist with Anne . michael dude ! a occupational hypnotherapist ?! peter Anne want I to go . she think it might help . y'know , sometimes I just think , I keep think that she 's cheating on I . michael yeah . I know what you mean . samir yeah . peter what be that suppose to mean ? michael nothing . why do not you just tell Anne you be not into hypnosis and you want to play poker with we ? peter ah , I can not do that . she might get all piss off at I . besides , I think the guy might be able to help . he do help Anne lose weight . samir Peter , she 's anorexic . peter yeah , I know . the guy 's really good . michael a occupational hypnotherapist be not go to help you solve any of you problem . and speak of problem , what 's this I hear about you have problem with you tps report ? samir yeah . do not you get that memo ? Peter sigh . [ scene outside initech . Tom , another employee , run across the street , towards samir , Peter and Michael . ] tom hey ! hey , guy ! samir !! samir be that Tom smykowski ? peter what 's he do ? michael oh , probably work on another heart attack . tom have you guy see this ? he hand they a piece of paper . michael what ? it 's the staff meeting . so what ? tom we be all screw , that 's what . they be gonna downsize initech . samir oh , what be you talk about Tom ? how do you know that ? tom they be bring in a consultant - that 's how I know . that 's what this staff meeting be all about ! that 's what happen at initrode last year . you have a interview with a consultant and they bring in efficiency expert . you be interview for you own job ! michael Tom , every week you say you be lose you job and you be still here . tom I be go to be the first one they be gonna lay off . just the think of have to go to the State unemployment Office and have to stand in line with that scumbag !!! [ scene Michael and samir 's cubicle . they be sit there worry . ] michael shit . shit . tom you know there be people in this world who do not have to put up with all this shit ? like that guy that invent the pet rock . you see , that 's what you have to do . you have to use you mind and come up with some really great idea like that and you never have to work again ! michael I do not think the pet rock be really such a good idea . tom the guy make a million dollar ! y'know I have a idea like that once . peter really ? what be it , Tom ? tom well , all right . it be a jump to conclusion - mat . you see , it would be this mat that you would put on the floor and it would have different conclusion write on it that you could jump to . michael that be the worse idea I have ever hear in my life , Tom . samir yes , yes , it 's horrible this idea . tom ah , look . I , I gotta get outta here . I will see you guy later , if I still have a job . he go to he cubicle . peter we high school guidance counselor use to ask we what you would do if we have a million dollar and do not have to work . and invariably , whatever we would say , that be suppose to be we career . if you want to build car , then you be suppose to be a auto mechanic . samir so what do you say ? peter I never have a answer . I guess that 's why I be work at initech . michael no , you be work at initech because that question be bullshit to begin with . ( the printer be not work ) if that quiz work , there would be no janitor , because no one would clean shit up if they have a million dollar . samir well , I would invest half of it in ??? mutual fund and give the rest of it to my friend , saheib , in Securities . michael samir , the point of the exercise be that you could figure out what you want to do . and then ( read the printer 's display ) " PC load letter " ?!! what the fuck do that mean ?!! he knock off the paper tray . [ scene Peter 's apartment . he enter , tired , and sit down on the couch . he then turn on the tv . ] lawrence ( v/o , from next door ) hey peter -man ! check out channel nine ! it's the breast exam ! check out this chick ! peter lawrence , can not you just pretend like we can not hear each other through the wall ? lawrence oh ! I be sorry man , be Anne over there or something ? peter no ! but if you just want to talk to I , just come over . lawrence do so ; it take he like ten second . lawrence hey man . check this out , dude . he change channel a bunch of time pepsi commercial , a soap opera and another show . he stop on breast exam . peter oh geez , lawrence . lawrence I be sorry , man . I think you would wanna see this . do not this chick look like Anne ? peter yeah , a little bit . lawrence hey , she have not be over here in a while . you two still go out ? peter I guess , yeah . I , I do not know . sometimes I get the feel that she 's cheating on I . lawrence yeah , I get that feel too , man . peter what do you mean by that ? lawrence I do not know , man , I just get that feel look at she , like - I be sorry , man . look , I , I , I , I , I , I be talk out of my ass . I do not know . he get up . peter it 's ok . I just have a rough day . lawrence tell I about it , man . ( sit on the couch ) I gotta wake my ass up at six am every day of this week and drag myself up to vascalina . yeah , I be do the drywall up there at the new McDonalds . peter let I ask you something . when you come in on monday , and you be not feel too well , do anybody ever come up to you and say " sound like someone 's get a case of the monday " ? lawrence no . no , man , shit , no , man . I believe you get you ass kick for sayin ' something like that , man . peter huh . lawrence we still go fishing this weekend ? peter Nah . lumbergh 's gonna make I come in this Saturday . I know it . lawrence well , you can get out of that easily . peter yeah , how ? lawrence ( get up ) well , when you work on a Saturday , he generally ask you at the end of the day , right ? ( get a beer ) so all you have to do be avoid he '' ( peter offer he a bottle cap remover ) that 's all right , i get one '' ( he get on from he pocket ) the last few hour of the day . and turn off you answer machine , you should be home free then . peter that 's a really good idea . ( sit on the couch ) lawrence , what would you do if you have a million dollar ? he sit down . lawrence I will tell you what I will do , man -- two chick at the same time . Peter laugh . peter that 's it ? if you have a million dollar , that 's what you would do , two chick at the same time ? lawrence damn straight , man . I have always want to do that . I figure if I be a millionaire , I could hook that up . chick dig guy with money . peter well not all chick . lawrence well , the type that double up on a guy like I do . peter good point . lawrence now , what would you do ? peter besides two chick at the same time ? lawrence oh yeah . peter nothing . lawrence nothing , huh ? peter I would relax , I would sit on my ass all day , I would do nothing . lawrence you do not need a million dollar to do nothing , man . take a look at my cousin . he 's break and do not do shit . [ scene Peter 's room . he 's in bed and he keep hearing voice . ] nina corporate payroll , Nina speak . just a moment . corporate payroll , Nina speak . just a moment . corporate payroll , Nina speak . just a moment . Peter bury he head in he pillow . [ scene the staff meeting . Peter 's watch read Friday 12 , 10:37 . everyone 's stand outside they cubicle . there 's a banner that say " be this good for the company ? " ] bill so you should ask yourself , with every decision that you make ( point to the banner ) be this good for the company ? be I help the best way that I can for the company ... peter be that the guy ? tom yeah ... bill good . well , uh , I would like to , uh , welcome a new member to we team . uh , Bob slydell . yeah . uh , he be , uh , a consultant . yeah . he be a consultant . ( Tom shake he head ) he will be help we out a little here , ask some question , make sure thing go a little more smoothly . yeah . oh and remember , next Friday be Hawaiian shirt day ! so , y'know , if you want to , go ahead and uh , wear a Hawaiian shirt and jeans . [ scene milton 's cubicle , under the banner . he 's on the phone with Peter . ] milton I , I do not care if they , if they lay I off either , because I , I tell Bill that if he move my desk one more time , then , then I be quit . I be go to quit . and I tell dom too because they have move my desk four time . I use to be by the window , where I could see the squirrel and they be merry . but then they switch from the swingline to the Boston stapler , but I keep my swingline . ( he 's hold he red swingline ) ( camera pan to Peter ) they have my staple for the Boston and I keep the staple from the swingline stapler . peter ok , milton . milton and if , if they take my stapler , I will , I will set this building on fire . peter oh , that 's great . I will talk to you later . he hang up and look at he watch 4:45 . Peter look around and see Bill . he duck and peek to see Bill talk with some worker . he quickly try to save he file , but the computer be slower than he would like . Bill be talk to other guy . peter oh , come on ! ( it finish save , but start to save another file ) oh , for cry out -! he peek over the wall again . the computer finally finish save and he turn it off . he peek over the wall but Bill 's not there . he get ready to leave and almost run into Bill . bill hello Peter . what 's happen ? um , I be gonna need you go ahead and come in tomorrow . so if you could be here around nine , that would be great . ( start to walk away ) oh , oh , yea I forget . I be gonna also need you to come in Sunday too . we , uh , lose some people this week and we need to sorta catch up . thanks . [ scene outside the clinic . a sign say hypnotherapist ; Dr. swanson , ccs ; anxiety , Depression , Marriage , Weight loss , smoke , insurance cut to inside . Anne be with Peter . opposite they be Dr. swanson and two other patient . peter so I be sit in my cubicle today and I realize that ever since I start work , every single day of my life have be worse than the day before it . so it mean that every single day you see I , that 's on the worse day of my life . dr . swanson what about today ? be today the worse day of you life ? peter yeah . dr . swanson oh , that 's bad stuff . peter I be sorry . dr . swanson ok . peter but be there any way that you , you could just sock I out so there 's no way that I will know I be at work ? right here ? ( point to he head ) can I just come home and think I have be fishing all day or something ? dr . swanson that 's really not what I do , Peter . however , the good news be , I think I can help you . I want you to do something for I , peter. ( dim the light ) I want you to try and relax . I want you to relax every muscle in you body , from you toe to you fingertip . now I want you to relax you leg . you be go to begin to feel you eyelid get heavy as you slip deeper and deeper into a state of complete relaxation . the air of concern to you be disappear . deeper , way down , you concern about you job melt away . Way , way down . now when I count backwards from three , you will be in a state of complete relaxation . you worry , care and ambition will be go . and you will remain in that state until I snap my finger . Three . deeper and deeper . Way down , way down . two . Way down . one . he faint out of the chair and everyone rush to he aid . anne oh my God , Dr. swanson ! ooh ! ooh ! be he dead ? oh ! she run to get help . Peter just sit there and smile . the hypnosis thing apparently work ... [ scene Peter 's bedroom . Saturday morning , 8:00 . his alarm clock beep and he sit up . he look at the clock and decide to go back to sleep . ] cut to later . Peter 's still asleep . the phone ring and the answer machine pick up . bill yah , hi . it 's Bill lundbergh . it 's about ten o' clock , uh , wonder where you be . cut to later . Peter 's still asleep . the phone ring again . bill on machine ) yeah , hi , it's bill lumbergh again . I just wanted to make sure you know that we , uh , did start at the , uh , usual time this morning . ( peter roll over ... ) yeah , it isn 't a half day or anything like that . so if you could get here as soon as possible , that would be terrific . cut to later . Peter finally get up . the answer machine have seventeen message . he listen to they . bill yeah , hi , it 's Bill lum - next message bill yeah , it 's - next message bill yeah , hi , it 's Bill lumbergh - next message bill yeah , it 's I again . uh , I be away from my desk for a minute . just check in case you call while I be go . the phone ring . Peter answer it . peter hello ? anne Peter , what 's go on ?! peter huh ? anne it 's 3:30 . why be not you at work ?! peter because I do not feel like it . anne Peter , what be wrong with you ?! first , you sit there while Dr. swanson die and you just walk out of the car and embarrass I in front of my friend . do not blame this on hypnosis either . that 's total bull ! Peter hang up but Anne call back . anne answering machine ) listen , asshole . no one hang up on I . we're through !!! and '' ha - one more thing . i've be cheating on you !!!! ( beep Peter get back into bed . [ scene initech . another staff meeting . ] bill from now on , you use the time sheet if you work on two or more job code and you need the extra column to fit it all in . otherwise , use the old time sheet ... tom where 's Peter ? how come he do not show up this weekend ? michael I , I do not know . bill ... it would really , really help we out . michael point ) who' that guy ? bill so , uh , any question ? [ scene chotchkie 's . Peter enter and go up to joanna at the counter . ] peter hi , I be Peter . joanna hi . how can I help you ? peter what be you do for lunch today ? joanna well , we special be barbecue chicken - it 's actually right over there on the board . ( point ) Excuse I . she go to take order . brian hey ! look who 's back ! table for three , to - Peter shove he out of he way and go over to joanna . peter I be ask what you be do for lunch . would you like to have lunch with I ? joanna oh , be you serious ? yeah , I do not , I do not think I be suppose to do that . peter oh . I will tell you what I be gonna do . I be gonna go next door and get a table and if you would like to join I , no big deal . all right ? and if not , that 's cool too . ok ? he start to walk away . joanna uh , when you say " next door " , do you mean chili 's or flinger ? peter flinger . joanna ok . [ scene initech . Bob slydell and Bob porter be interview Tom . ] bob slydell so what you do be you take the specification from the customer and you bring they down to the software engineer ? tom that , that 's right . bob porter well , then I gotta ask , then why can not the customer just take the specification directly to the software people , huh ? tom well , uh , uh , uh , because , uh , engineer be not good at deal with customer . bob slydell you physically take the specs from the customer ? tom well , no , my , my secretary do that , or , or the fax . bob slydell ah . bob porter then you must physically bring they to the software people . tom well ...no . yeah , I mean , sometimes . bob slydell well , what would you say you do here ? tom well , look , I already tell you . I deal with the goddamn customer so the engineer do not have to !! I have people skill !! I be good at deal with people !!! can not you understand that ?!? what the hell be wrong with you people ?!!!!!!! CUT to the cubicle . tom exit the interview room and michael enter . cut to inside . bob slydell let 's see . you be Michael ... bolton ? he nod . bob porter be that you real name ? michael yeah . bob porter be you in any relation to the pop singer ? michael it 's just a coincidence . bob slydell laugh ) to be honest with you , I love he music . I do . I am a michael bolton fan . for my money , I don't think it get any better than when he sing when a man love a woman . bob porter I mean you must really love he music . michael yeah . yeah he , he , he 's pretty , he 's pretty good , I guess . bob slydell you be GOD damn right he be . they laugh . bob porter so tell I . what 's you favorite song of he ? michael hmm . I , I , I do not know . I mean , I guess , I sorta like them all . the bob laugh . bob slydell ha ha ! I feel the exact same way , but it must be hard for you , I mean , have the same name as he . I celebrate the guy 's entire catalogue . but anyway , let 's get down to business , Michael ! michael you , you know , you can just call I Mike . they stare at he . [ scene flinger . Peter be save a table and joanna enter . ] joanna hi. peter hey . joanna I wonder if they will let I wear this in here . peter I think it would be ok . would you like to sit down ? he motion to a chair . joanna ok. ( do so ) wow . this place be really nice . peter yeah , be it ? joanna oh my God , compare to chotchkie 's . I like the uniform better anyways . peter I like yours . joanna Nah . ( make a face Peter look at the button ' wear on he suspender . one say we be not in Kansas anymore . the one underneath say poof . peter " we be not in Kansas anymore . " joanna yeah . really . ( laugh peter it 's on you - ( point joanna oh ! that 's , uh , that 's uh , my piece of flair . peter what be piece of flair ? joanna that 's where you know , suspender and button and all sort of stuff . we be , uh , we be actually require to wear fifteen piece of flair . quite stupid actually . peter do you get to pick they out yourself ? joanna yeah . yeah . although I do not actually choose this . I , uh , I just grab fifteen button and , uh , I do not even know what they say ! y'know , I do not really care . I do not really like talk about my flair . peter ok . joanna so , where do you work , uh , Peter ? peter initech . joanna and , uh , what do you do there , Peter ? peter I sit in a cubicle and I update bank software for the 2000 switch . joanna nods ) what' that ? peter you see , they write all this bank software and to save space , they put 98 instead of 1998 . so I go through this thousand of line of code and uh , it do not really matter . I , uh , I do not like my job . I do not think I be gonna go anymore . joanna you be just not gonna go ? peter yeah . joanna wo not you get fire ? peter I do not know . but I really do not like it so I be not gonna go . joanna laugh ) so you're gonna quit ? peter no , no , not really . I be just gonna stop go . joanna when do you decide all that ? peter about a week ago . joanna really ? peter oh , yeah . joanna ok . so , so you be gonna get another job ? peter I do not think I would like another job . joanna laugh ) so what be you go to do about money and bill ? peter y'know , I never really like pay bill ? I do not think I will do that either . joanna laugh ) so what do you want to do ? peter I want to take you out for dinner and then I wanna go to my apartment and watch kung fu . do you ever watch kung fu ? joanna get a weird look on she face . joanna I love kung fu ... peter Channel 39 . joanna totally ... peter you should come over and watch kung fu tonight . joanna ok ... peter great . joanna ok . can we order lunch first ? peter yeah . joanna ok . [ scene milton 's cubicle . he hear bill talk and eavesdrop . ] bill ... stapler off my desk ... milton put he swingline stapler somewhere else . the guy laugh . bill ... anyway , sound great , Bob . I will see you in a few . ( they walk off ) hey , milton , what 's happen ? milton uh...sir ... bill uh , I be go to have to ask you to move you desk . now , if you could get it to go as far back against that wall as possible , that would be great . milton no , no , because I be , I be - bill that way , we will have some room for more box and thing we need to put in here . milton no...sir ... bill uh ( see the swingline ) oh there it be . milton no. no. bill let I just get that from ya. ( pick it up ) great . so if you could get to that as soon as possible , that would be terrific . have a nice lunch , milton . bye . he walk off . milton ok . I will set the building on fire . [ scene hallway at initech . Peter enter in casual clothes . milton walk up to he . ] michael Peter ! peter Michael ! michael what the hell 's go on , man ? I think you be go to come in here and start shoot . peter I just come to get my address book . I be not gonna stay . I have get a number I do not wanna lose . michael what ?! Peter , you be in deep shit ! you be suppose to come in on Saturday . what be you do ? peter Michael , I do nothing . I do absolutely nothing and it be everything that I think it could be . michael well , I hope you have a better story than that for lumbergh . you know , you be suppose to be have you interview right now with the consultant . peter who ? he write down joanna 's number . michael what have get into you ? peter oh yeah . right . michael Peter , Peter you , gotta postpone it man . tell they you be sick . make something up . peter ah , no way . I feel great . [ scene the interview room . ] bob porter the next paper look like a Peter gibbon . Peter enter . bob slydell aha ! all right . we be just talk about you . you must be Peter gibbon . uh huh. terrific . I be Bob slydell and this be my associate , Bob porter . peter hi , bob. Bob . bob porter why do not you grab a seat and join we for a minute ? he do so . bob slydell y'see , what we be try to do here , we be just try to get a feel for how people spend they day . so , if you would , would you just walk we through a typical day for you ? peter yeah . bob slydell great . peter well , I generally come in at least fifteen minute late . I use the side door , that way lumbergh can not see I . uh , and after that , I just sorta space out for about a hour . bob porter Space out ? peter yeah . I just stare at my desk but it look like I be work . I do that for probably another hour after lunch too . I would probably , say , in a give week , I probably do about fifteen minute of real , actual work . bob slydell uh , Peter , would you be a good sport and indulge we and tell we a little more ? peter let I tell you something about tps report ... ' cut to later . Peter be more relaxed . peter the thing be , Bob , it 's not that I be lazy . it 's just that I just do not care . bob porter do not , do not care ? peter it 's a problem of motivation , all right ? now , if I work my ass off and initech ship a few extra unit , I do not see another dime . so where 's the motivation ? and here 's another thing , Bob . I have eight different boss right now ! bob slydell I beg you pardon ? peter eight boss . bob slydell eight ? peter eight , bob . so that mean when I make a mistake , I have eight different people come by to tell I about it . that 's my real motivation - be not to be hassle . that and the fear of lose my job , but y'know , Bob , it will only make someone work hard enough not to get fire . bob slydell bear with I for a minute . peter ok . bob slydell believe I , this be hypocritical . but what if you be offer some kind of stock option and equity share program ? peter I do not know . I guess . listen , I be gonna go . it 's be really nice talk to be of you guy . he shake they hand . bob slydell absolutely . it 's all on this side of the table , trust I . peter good luck with you layoff . I hope you firing go really well . bob slydell wow . cut to the cubicle 's . Peter walk past they and into the hall . bill hey , Peter , what 's happen ? listen , uh - Peter walk right past he . [ scene chotchkie 's ] stan joanna ? would you come here for a moment , please ? joanna I be sorry . I be late . I be have lunch . stan I need to talk about you flair . joanna really ? I have 15 button on . I , uh , ( show he stan well , ok , 15 be minimum , ok ? joanna ok . stan now , it 's up to you whether or not you want to just do the bare minimum . well , like Brian , for example , have 37 piece of flair . and a terrific smile . joanna ok . ok , you want I to wear more ? stan look. joanna . joanna yeah . stan people can get a cheeseburger anywhere , ok ? they come to chotchkie 's for the atmosphere and the attitude . that 's what the flair 's about . it 's about fun . joanna ok . so , more then ? stan look , we want you to express yourself , ok ? if you think the bare minimum be enough , then ok . but some people choose to wear more and we encourage that , ok ? you do want to express yourself , do not you ? joanna yeah . yeah . stan great . great . that 's all I ask . joanna ok . [ scene Conference room . dom and Bill be talk to the two Bob 's . ] bob slydell right . so there 's three more people we can easily lose . there 's Tom smykowski . bill he 's useless . bob slydell go . dom sound good to I . bob slydell here 's a peculiar one . milton waddam . dom who 's he ? bob you know , squirrely look guy , mumble a lot . dom oh . bob slydell we can not find a record of he be a current employee here . bob porter I look into it more deeply and I find what happen be he get lay off about five year ago and no one ever tell he about it . but through a glitch in payroll , he still get a paycheck . I go ahead and fix the glitch . bill great . dom so , um , milton have be let go . bob slydell just a second there , Professor . we , uh , we fix the glitch . so he will not be receive a paycheck anymore . so it will just work itself out naturally . bob porter we always like to avoid confrontation whenever possible . the problem be solve from here on , then . they laugh . bob slydell uh , we should move on to a Peter gibbon . I have a chance to meet this young man and boy do he have straight to Upper management write all over he . bill ooh , uh , yeah . I be go to have to go ahead and sort of disagree with you there . yeah . uh , he 's be real flaky lately and I be not sure that he 's the caliber person you want for upper management . he 's be have some problem with he tps report . bob porter I will handle this . we feel that the problem be not with Peter . bob slydell um-um . bob porter it 's that you have not challenge he enough to get he really motivate . bob slydell there it be . bill yeah , I be not sure about that now . bob porter all right , Bill . let I ask you this . how much time each week would you say you deal with this tps report ? bill yeah ... [ scene Peter park in Bill 's usual spot and go into the building . he take a drill and remove the metal door handle . ] cut to outside , where Bill have to park in the handicap spot . cut back inside . Peter tear down the banner . cut to outside . Bill 's porsche be be tow away . they only manage to pull off the bumper . cut to Peter and joanna watch kung fu . they be about to kiss . lawrence hey Peter man ! check out channel nine ! it 's a breast exam ! whoo !! cut to Peter 's cubicle . Bill check he watch because Peter 's still not there . cut to a lake . lawrence , Peter and joanna be fishing . Peter hold up a big fish . cut to initech . Peter enter with a igloo cooler . dom hello , Peter . peter hey dom ! he slap he on the back . cut to Peter 's cubicle . he put the fish on he desk and start to gut it . he throw its entrail on a stack of tps report . cut to Peter and joanna watch kung fu . cut to Peter remove the screw in the cubicle wall . he push it over . it reveal a window and Peter relax . [ scene Peter 's cubicle , now with only one wall . he 's play tetris as Bill walk up . ] bill so , Peter , what 's happen ? now be you go to go ahead and have that tps report for we this afternoon ? ( Peter keep play ) uh , yeah . so I guess we should probably go ahead and have a little talk , hmm ? peter not right now , lumbergh . I be , I be kinda busy . in fact , I be go to have to ask you to go ahead and just come back another time . I have a meeting with the bob in a couple of minute . bill uh , I be not aware of a meeting with they . peter yeah , they call I at home . bill that sound good , Peter . uh , and we will go ahead and , uh , get this all fix up for you later . [ scene milton 's cubicle . he 's organize papers . ] milton f...c... p... bill hi , milton . what 's go on ? milton I , I , I , I , I do not receive my paycheck this week . bill uh , you be gonna have to talk to payroll about that . milton I , I do and they , and they say - bill uh , we be gonna need to move you desk downstairs into storage B. milton no ...i... i... bill uh , we have some new people come in and we need all the space we can get . milton no...no ...no ...no ...but ...but ...but ... I , I , I - bill and if you could could go ahead and get a can of psticide and take care of the roach problem we have be have that would be great . ( he walk away . milton I can not ... Excuse I . I believe you have my stapler ? [ scene the meeting between Peter and the two bob . ] bob porter it look like you have be miss a lot of work lately . peter I would not say I have be miss it , Bob . they laugh . bob slydell that 's terrific , Peter . I , I , I be sure you have , you have , you have hear some of the rumor around the hallway about how we be just go to do a little ( finger quote ) houseclean with some of the software people . peter well , Bob , I have hear that and you gotta do what you gotta do . bob porter well , this people here . first , Mr. samir naga ... naga ... bob slydell naga ... bob porter naga - worker here anyway ! the bob laugh . bob slydell Mr. Mike bolton . we be certainly gonna miss he . peter you be gonna layoff samir and Michael !? bob porter we be gonna bring in some entry level graduate for we to work in Singapore , that 's the usual deal . bob slydell well , it 's standard operate procedure . peter do they know about this yet ? bob slydell no ! no , of course not . we always find it 's better to fire people on a Friday . it 's statistically show that there 's less chance of a incident if we do it at the end of the week . anyway , Peter , what we would like to do be put you into a position where you would have as many as four people work right underneath you . bob porter this be a big promotion , Pete . bob slydell huge . peter so you be gonna fire samir and Michael and give I more money ? bob slydell umm-hmm . peter wow ! [ scene Michael be mess with the printer . ] michael yeah . yeah . that 's it . that 's exactly what I need . just give it to I . come on . come on , you little fucker . let 's go ! that 's what I need . let 's do that . let 's do exactly that , you little , fu - Peter walk up to he . peter listen ... well , what be you do tonight ? [ scene Peter 's place . Michael , samir and Peter be there . ] peter there come a place in a man 's life and , uh , maybe that time for you be now , when it do not hurt to think about the future . michael uh , no offense , there , Peter , but think about yourself , sport . you be the one who 's be flaking out at work . whatever that religious experience or whatever the hell it be , you better snap out of it , or you be gonna get can . peter yeah . I , I , I ... listen , that virus you be always talk about . the one that , that could rip off the company for a bunch of money ... michael yeah ? what about it ? peter well , how do it work ? michael it 's pretty brilliant . what it do be where there 's a bank transaction , and the interest be compute in the thousand a day in fraction of a cent , which it usually round off . what this do be it take that remainder and put it into you account . peter this sound familiar . michael yeah . they do this in superman III . peter yeah . what a good movie . michael a bunch of hacker do this in the 70 and one of they get bust . peter well , so they check for this now ? michael no , you see , initech 's so back up with all the software we be update for the year 2000 , they would never notice . peter you be right . and even if they want to , they could never check all that code . michael it 's number up they ass . peter so , Michael , what 's to keep you from do this ? michael it 's not worth the risk . I get a good job . peter what if you do not have a good job ? [ scene a bar . Michael and Peter be there . ] michael cockos ! samir and I be the best programmer in that place . and you , you have not even be show up and you get to keep you job . peter actually , I be be promote . michael what ?!!! peter yeah , I know , Michael . it 's completely unfair . and I realize something today . it 's not about I and my dream of do nothing . it 's about all of we together . I do not know what happen at that hypnotherapist the other day ; maybe it be just shock . it 's wear off now , but when I see that fat man keel over and die , Michael , I realize that we do not have a lot of time on this earth . we be not mean to spend it this way . human being be not mean to sit in little cubicle , star at computer screen all day , fill out useless form and listen to eight different boss drine on about mission statement . michael I tell that fudge - packer that I like Michael bolton 's music . god. peter that be not right , Michael . for five year now , you have work you ass off at initech , hope for a promotion or some kind of profit share or something . five year of you mid - 20 now , go . and you be gonna go in tomorrow and they be gonna throw you out into the street . you know why ? so Bill lumbergh 's stock will go up a quarter of a point . Michael , let 's make that stock go down . let 's take enough money from that place that we never ever have to sit in a cubicle ever again . you software work right ? michael of course it work . that 's not the point . look , even if it could work , I do not know how to install it . I do not know the credit union software loan . peter yeah ? but samir do . [ scene Peter 's apartment . samir 's there , along with Michael and Peter . ] samir but that 's not much money , I - peter that 's the beauty of it . each withdrawal be a fraction of a cent . that 's too small to notice . take a thousand withdrawals a day , space it out over a few year , that 's a couple hundred thousand dollar . michael just like superman III . samir superman III - that 's it , I have to leave now , ok ? ( get up ) I have to get my resume ready . peter get you resume ready for what ? another job where they can fire you for no reason ? samir that 's right ! if I be lucky . peter look , I do not know about you guy , but I be tired of be push around . be not you ? samir yes , Peter , but I be not go to do something illegal . peter illegal ? samir , this be America ! come on , sit down ! come on ! this be not riyadh ! they be not gonna see you hand off , all right ? the worse they can do be put you for a couple of month into a while collar , minimum security resort ! shit , we should be so lucky ! do you know they have conjugal visit there ? samir really . peter yes . michael shit , I be afraid . I have not have a conjugal visit in six month . samir so what do you think ? michael this thing actually be pretty fail - safe , samir . peter you come here look for a land of opportunity . and this be the knock of that opportunity . tomorrow 's you last day at initech . you have two option unemployment or early retirement . what 's it gonna be ? samir I have a question . peter yes . samir in , in this conjugal visit , you can have sex with woman ? peter yep . you sure can . samir ok . I be gonna do it . peter that 's what I be talk about ! I be talk about America !! michael Peter let 's discuss the plan , all right ? peter all right . michael all right . it work like a computer virus . all right ? so all we have to do be load it anywhere into the credit union mainframe and it will do the rest . peter ok , you guy give I that disk and I will take it from there . oh , but listen . before we go any further , all right , we have to swear to God , Allah , that nobody know about this , all right ? no family member , no girlfriend , nobody ! samir of course . michael agreed . lawrence do not worry man ! I will not tell anybody about this either ! michael who the fuck be that ?! peter uh , do not worry about he . he 's cool . all right . now here 's how I see it all go down ... [ scene initech . Peter shake the bob ' hand . ] bob slydell Peter , congratulation . this be one heck of a promotion . bob porter and we will go ahead and get some people under you right away . ( they give a thumb up . [ scene samir and Michael 's cubicle . they look at each other . Michael copy the virus and look around . he give it to samir . samir walk by Peter and give it to he . he put it into he computer and copy the file . he go to samir and Michael 's cubicle . ] michael well , that be easy . peter yeah , I guess it be . michael what do you do with the - drew hey guy . peter oh , hey Drew . drew do you guy hear about Tom smykowski ? michael the guy who get laid off ? drew no , man , check this out . [ flashback . Tom 's get drunk in he kitchen . ] drew v/o ) last week , after he found out he be getting laid off , he tries to kill himself by running the car in the garage . cut to Tom in he car . michael v/o ) be he dead ?! drew v/o ) but that wife of he come home early from work early and found he in the car and tries to play it off as if nothing happened . tom cough ) I be having some trouble with the shifter here . it's jammed . I , I couldn't get it into drive . I , I , I mean , reverse . mrs . smykowski be you ok , Tom ? tom yeah . drew v/o ) and then , as he's looking at her , he decide he want to live . tom I be ok . mrs . smykowski right . tom it seem to be work now . see ya later , honey . Love ya . he back out . drew v/o ) but then as he back out into he driveway , he's slammed big time by a drunk driver . we hear a bang from behind the close garage door . cut back to initech , present . peter well , be he ok ? drew sort of . he break both he wrist , he leg , a couple of rib , he back . but check it out . he 's gonna get a huge settlement out of this . like seven figure . he 's get out of the hospital this weekend and he 's throw a big party to celebrate . I be think I be gonna take that new chick from logistic . I might be show she my o face . oh ! oh ! oh ! you know what I be talk about . oh ! yeah . right . see you guy there . [ scene Peter 's car . samir and Michael be with he . ] michael wow , we last day at initech . samir I can not believe they have security escort we out . not like we be gonna steal something . peter I steal something . michael oh yeah . I guess we all do . peter no , I steal something else . samir what do you steal ? peter we will call it a go away present . [ scene a field . they drop the printer . samir stomp on it four time and Michael , eight time . Peter hand samir a bat . he hit the printer twice and Michael take over . he start to punch it . samir and Peter pull he away , but he run back to destroy the evil printer . ] cut to Peter 's place . samir 's try to break dance . [ scene outside Peter 's place . ] peter everything be go to be ok . ok ? samir the one I see be - peter I can see this work . I gotta go . I gotta go . joanna 's come over . do not worry ! you be worry ! all right ? Monday morning we be gonna check the account balance and everything will be all right . do not miss Tom 's barbecue . I will see you there . Peter go inside . samir rapping ) back up in you ass with the resurrection ... [ scene Peter 's place , morning . joanna see all the empty liquor bottle . ] joanna hey , what be you guy celebrate last night ? peter um , I be not really at liberty to talk about it . I really can not . [ scene Peter 's car . he and joanna be go to the barbecue . ] peter so when the subroutine compound the interest , right , it use all this extra decimal place that just get round off . so we just simplify the whole thing and we just round it down and drop the remainder into a account that we own . joanna so you be steal . peter ah , no . no . you do not understand . it 's , uh , very complicated . it 's , uh , it 's , it 's aggregate so I be talk about fraction of a cent that , uh , over time , they add up to a lot . joanna ok . so you be gonna make a lot of money , right ? peter yeah . joanna ok . that 's not yours ? peter well , it , it become ours . joanna how 's that not steal ? peter I do not think , I do not think I be explain this very well . um , this Seven eleven , right ? if you take a penny from the tray - joanna from the crippled child ?! peter no , that 's the tray . I be talk about the tray . the penny 's for everybody . joanna oh , for everybody . ok . peter yeah , well , that be whole penny . joanna yeah . peter right . I be just talk about fraction of a penny here , but we do it from a much bigger tray . a couple of million time . so what 's wrong with that ? joanna it seem wrong . peter it 's not wrong . initech be wrong . initech be a evil corporation , all right ? chotchkie 's be wrong . do not it bother you that you have to get up in the morning and put on piece of flair ? joanna yeah , but I be not about to go in and start take money from the register ! peter you know , the Nazis have piece of flair but they make the Jews wear they . joanna what ?! peter look , we do not - I , I - we do not have to talk about this . let 's just go to the barbecue , all right ? joanna ok . [ scene Tom 's house . samir and Michael open the front door . tom be in a full body cast and be hook up to a bunch of stuff . ] tom Michael ! samir ! how be you do ? michael hiya Tom . samir hi Tom . tom yeah , I would like you to meet my lawyer , Rob newhouse . ( they shake hand ) Rob , Michael . rob hello Michael . tom samir . rob hello - samir samir . rob ... samir . ( Peter and joanna enter . tom Peter !! how be ya ? I be glad you could make it . peter Tom ! hi ! this be someone I would like you to meet . this be joanna . joanna hi. tom hi. forgive I for not get up . ( he start laugh and everyone join in nervously ) ooh ... ooh ... uh , Peter , Peter , come here a minute . I want to show you something . they go into the kitchen . there 's a jump to conclusion mat . it say ??? ; jump again ; Strike out ; could be ; loose one turn ; yes ! ; no ! ; accept it ; go wild ; one step back ; think again ; moot ! on the bottom be footprint , under the word start tom well , what do you think ? it 's a prototype . peter well , that 's exactly as you describe it . uh , listen , I , I hear about you settlement . congratulation . tom well , thanks , Peter . y'know , I be glad you be here because I want to talk to you . I know how you get depressed about you job and all , and I just want you to know that 's how you feel . I use to be the same way . peter really ? tom sure . oh maybe I do not whine as much , but I hate my job as much as you and I have be do good for over thirty year ! peter wow . tom just remember if you hang in there long enough , good thing can happen . I mean , look at I . he laugh . peter thanks Tom . tom aw , sure . [ scene the backyard . samir and Michael be talk to Rob . ] rob conjugal visit ? not that I know of . now , a minimum security prison be no picnic . I have a client in there right now . you see , the trick be , kick someone 's ass the first day or become someone 's bitch . then everything will be all right . why do you ask , anyway ? michael oh , no , we be just see - his cup fly out of he hand and ice cube go everywhere . cut to Peter and Drew . drew hey Peter . peter Drew . drew that 's something about old Tom smykowski , huh ? peter yeah . drew lucky bastard . ( see joanna ) hey , be not that the girl who work over at chotchkie 's ? peter yeah . drew hmm , who 's she here with ? peter she 's here with I . drew really ? peter yeah . drew all right , Peter ! ooh ! ooh ! right on . make sure you wear a rubber , dude . peter why 's that , Drew ? drew be you kid I ? she get around , all right ? peter she do , do she ? drew oh yeah . like a record . joanna wave . peter with who ? drew well , let 's see . lumbergh fuck she . ah , let I see who else ... peter lumbergh ?! [ scene Peter 's car . he and joanna be leave the party . ] joanna oh , what if you get catch ? oh , I , I , I , I just do not know if this be such a good idea . peter angry ) yeah ? well , maybe it wasn't such a good idea for you to sleep with lumbergh ! joanna what ?! what be you - oh ! all right , lumbergh ... peter argh !!! ah GOD ! lumbergh !! joanna Peter ! what be wrong with you ? that be like to year ago ! what , do you know he ? peter yeah , I know he !! I know he ! he 's my boss !! he 's my unholy , disgusting , pig of a boss !! joanna oh , he 's not that disgusting . peter he represent all that be solace and wrong ! and you sleep with he ! joanna that be none of you business , ok ? I do not ask you who you sleep with before we be together . I do not care ! peter well , I do not think you would sleep with a guy like lumbergh ! joanna listen to you ! who do you think you be ? how dare you judge ! do you think you be a angel or something ? no ! you be this petty , steal , wannabe criminal ... man ! peter well , I may be . but at least I never sleep with lumbergh !! joanna ok . that 's it . I be do . I want to get out of the car . stop . I wanna get - peter Fine . he stop and joanna get out . joanna why do not you call I when you grow up ? oh , wait , that 's probably never gonna happen so just do not call I , all right ? peter say hello to lumbergh for I !!! she slam the door and he drive off . [ scene Peter 's room . he 's have nightmare again . ] drew lumbergh fuck she ... lumbergh fuck she ... lumbergh fuck she ... bill oh that 's great great drew I be gonna see the o - face again . oh ! oh ! oh ! ooh ! ooh ! that dissolves into Bill , naked , hold a foot in one hand a cup of coffee in the other . bill why do not you move it a little to the leave ? that 's right . great . oh , hello , Peter . what 's happen ? uh , could you give I that tps report asap ? mmmkay ? Peter wake up and breathes deeply . [ scene chotchkie 's . Stan approach joanna . ] stan joanna ? joanna yeah ? stan we need to talk . do you know what this be about ? joanna my , uh , flair . stan yeah . or , uh , you lack thereof . I be count and I only see fifteen piece . let I ask you a question , joanna . joanna umm-hmm . stan what do you think of a person who only do the bare minimum ? joanna huh . what do I think ? let I tell you what I think , Stan . if you want I to wear thirty - seven piece of flair like you pretty boy Brian over there , then why do not you just make the minimum thirty - seven piece of flair ? stan well , I think I remember you say you want to express yourself . joanna yeah . yeah . y'know what ? I do . I do want to express myself . ok ? and I do not need thirty - seven piece of flair to do it . ( give he the finger ) all right ? there 's my flair ! and this be I express myself . ( hold up she hand ) there it be ! I hate this job ! I hate this goddamn job and I do not need it !! she storm out . [ scene a ATM machine . Peter get out a receipt that say he have $ 305,326.13 ] [ scene Peter 's car . samir and Michael have obviously see the receipt . ] samir shit , shit , shit , shit . Son of a bitch ! shit ! this be a - fuck ! Son of a bitch ! shit ! michael what happen ? peter you tell I , Michael , it 's you software ! samir yes , it 's you software ! peter corporate accounting be sure as hell go to notice 305 , 3 ( grab the receipt ) 26.13 !! Michael !! michael oh shit ! they , they probably will not notice it 's go for another two or three day . peter Michael ! Michael ! you say the thing be gonna take two year ! samir what happen ?! peter you say the thing be suppose to work . michael well , technically it do work . peter no it do not ! samir it do not work , Michael , ok ?! michael ok ! ok ! samir ok ?! michael ok ! ok ! I must have , I must have put a decimal point in the wrong place or something . shit . I always do that . I always mess up some mundane detail . peter oh ! what be this fairly mundane detail , Michael ?!!!!! michael ok quit get piss at I , all right ? this be all you idea , asshole . peter all right . ok . all right . let 's try not to get piss off at each other , all right ? we will figure this thing out together , ok ? and the first thing we gotta do be we gotta close that account down before it get any bigger . [ scene initech . it 's Bill 's 41st birthday . all the employee be sing the birthday song to he in a flat monotone . he blow out the candle and everyone clap . ] all mmm . you look terrific . ( etc bill all right , kate , you wanna get everybody start there . ( he get a slice of cake ) mmm . that be terrific . that be just terrific . I really , really appreciate it . a slice be hand to milton . nina milton , do not be greedy . let 's pass it along and make sure everyone get a piece . milton can I keep a piece ? because last time I be tell that - nina just pass . he do so . milton but this , this , it , it , it 's a little cake ... everyone get a piece and Nina get the last one . milton have to watch everyone enjoy they piece . [ scene Peter 's apartment . they be try to figure out what to do . ] samir be , be there a way to just give the money back ? peter what ? we just hand they a check with the exact amount they be miss ? I , I think they would figure that out . samir well , we have to do something . michael may-maybe we launder the money . peter that 's a great idea . ok , how do we do that ? michael I do not know , I do not know . I do not even know what it mean . it 's something I think , I think coke dealer do . peter ok . do we know any coke dealer ? michael my , my cousin 's a cokehead . we be in deep shit . samir yes . we be in very , very deep shit . [ scene milton 's new " office " - the basement . Bill enter with a piece of cake . ] bill milton ? milton yes . bill what 's happen ? milton I want to see you because - bill say , you know what would be a great idea ? milton no ...no . bill since you be already down here , it would be great if you could get a can of pesticipe and take care of the cockroach problem we have be have in here . milton I ...i... that 's really not my job and I have not receive my - bill for now , why do not you get a flashlight and a can of pesticide and - dom enter . dom Bill ! we need you upstairs right away . some major glitch in the accounting . a lot of money miss . they go upstairs and Bill turn off the light . milton Excuse I ? Excuse I ? ok , that 's the last straw . [ scene Peter 's place . Michael be look up " money launder " in the dictionary . ] michael laundering . to clean ... no , uh , here it be . to channel money through a source or by a intermediary . samir it do not really help we , Michael . peter ok . we be look up money launder in a dictionary . michael yeah , well , you guy can both eat my ass , ok ? peter my girlfriend sleep with lumbergh , that 's what I can not believe . samir yeah , you do not know that ? michael it happen two year before you move to Atlanta . peter you mean , ron lumbergh , the airshow guy ? michael yeah , who do you think she sleep with , Bill ? ( he and samir start laugh ) if she fuck he , they child would have hoof ! peter ron 's not related to Bill , be he ? someone ring the doorbell . michael who be it ? he hide the check while Peter go to the door . peter do not panic . it 's probably just the mailman . he open the door . steve monotonously ) hello sir . my name be steve . I come from a rough area . I used to be addict to crack but now I 'm off and try to stay clean . peter ok . steve that be why I be sell magazine subscription . peter no - steve I be hope you would help I out . michael wait , wait , wait , wait ! you use to be addict to crack ? steve yes , but not anymore . cut to later . they have get Steve in a armchair , try to get he to help . steve look , I be sorry . I do not know anything about money launder . michael look , we be not ask you if you know about money launder , we be just try to see if you can hook we up . peter he do not know anything , all right ? samir wait , wait , wait a minute . wait a minute . you just give we the name of one drug dealer . I could talk to he . I have good networking skill . steve normal ) I lied . all that STUFF about I be a crackhead be to help I sell magazine . i'm a software engineer . peter you be a software engineer ?! samir work must be , must be very hard for you . steve I make more money sell magazine subscription than I ever do work at initrode . michael huh ? you work at initrode ? peter you can not tell anybody about any of this stuff I tell you . I mean , we know a lot of the same people . steve actually , that all depend . he hold up he clipboard . cut to later . Peter close the door . peter what be I go to do with forty subscription to vibe ? michael I wish we have never do this . what be we go to do ? you know what I can not figure out ? how be it that all this stupid , neanderthal , mafia guy can be so good at crime and smart guy like we can suck so badly at it ? samir we be new to it , though . if we have more experience - michael no. no . y'know what I think ? I think we be screw . there 's evidence all over that building to link it to we . even if we could launder money , I would not want to . if we be catch while launder money , we be not go to go to white - collar-resort - prison . no , no , no . we be gonna go to federal - reserve- pound-me-in- the-ass -prison . samir I do not want to go to any prison ! why the hell do I do this ?! I have never do anything wrong in my whole life ! we be not think clearly because you tell we we be lose we job ! and look at we now , we be , we be worried about go to prison ! peter do not worry about it . I will think of something . samir ass . I be go home . you be a very bad person , Peter . samir and Michael leave . Peter knock on the wall . peter lawrence ! you awake ? lawrence yeah , man ! peter you wanna come over ? lawrence no thanks , man . I do not want you fuck up my life too ! [ scene Peter 's room . he dream that they be in court , with Rob as they lawyer . ] judge and now the sentence for this heinous crime commit against initech . I hereby sentence you , Michael bolton and samir na ... ananajibad ... to a term of no less than four year in federal - pound- me-in- the-ass -prison . Peter gibbon , you have lead a trite and meaningless life . and you be a very bad person . the judge bang the gavel and Peter wake up . [ scene the live room . Peter be up , feverishly write a confession . he tear it out and put it into a envelope with the check . ] [ scene flinger parking lot . Peter sit on the hood of he car , try to figure out what to do . joanna come out . ] joanna hey . peter hey . you be not work at chotchkie 's anymore . joanna no , no , I get fire . peter what happen ? joanna I flip off my boss . and some customer - actually a line just happen to be stand there , so ... peter I be go to go away for awhile . uh , to jail . yea , about that computer scam , you be right it be a bad idea . I be go to take the blame for it , I decide . I be go to return the money and leave the confession under lumbergh 's door . joanna , I wanna apologize . I have no right to get piss off at you , lumbergh be not my problem . it be not even the right lumbergh . I do not know why I can not just go to work and be happy , like I be suppose to like everybody else . joanna Peter , most people do not like they job . but you go out there and find something that make you happy . peter yeah . I may never be happy with my job . but if I could be with you , I think that I could be happy with my life . but if you could give it another shot , I promise , joanna - joanna oh shut up . they hug and kiss . brian hey , what 's go on here ? get a room you two ! he make a annoying noise and give they the finger . joanna I hate that guy . [ scene initech . Peter drive up . ] cut to inside . Peter stick the envelope under the door of William lumbergh , division vice President . he walk away but frantically run back and try to get the envelope . he can not reach it and finally give up . [ scene initech . Morning . milton be talk to a secretary . lumbergh have not get to work yet . ] milton ...to Mr. lumbergh and he tell I to talk to payroll and then payroll , they tell I to talk to Mr. lumbergh . and I still have not get my paycheck and they steal my stapler and they tell I to move my desk to storage room B and there be garbage all over it and I do not appreciate that . secretary um , why do not you go and sit at you desk . Mr. lumbergh should be here any minute . milton Mr. lumbergh - secretary just go and sit at you desk . milton but - secretary oh ? milton ok , I , I , I be go to set the building on fire . I tell he , if I do not get my stapler ( the secretary leave ) I be go to have to get my stapler back because it be my stapler . ( he go into Mr. lumbergh 's office ) it 's my stapler , the swingline . it 's be mine for a very long time . [ scene Peter 's room . he 's pack he clothes . he go outside and knock on lawrence 's door . ] peter hey , lawrence , be you there ? lawrence hey , Peter , man . peter hey . so , I may be go away for awhile . lawrence yeah , I know , man . it 's a bummer , dude , what can I say ? peter yeah . well , it 's time to go face the music . you take care of yourself , cause I do not wanna see ya . they shake hand . lawrence you too , man . take care . ( Peter start to leave ) hey Peter ! watch out for the corn hole ok ? peter ok , lawrence . [ scene Peter 's car . he 's drive along when he see something . ] cut to initech . it 's on fire , big time . Peter join the crowd of he co-worker and watch . milton walk away quickly . a structure fall and Peter laugh . cut to inside , a burn cubicle . [ scene the burn ruin of initech . Peter be now a construction worker , work alongside lawrence . lawrence dig up milton 's burnt swingline . ] peter let I see this . lawrence who would want that stapler , man ? that 's toast , man . peter I know someone who might want this . a car horn beep . Michael and samir step out of the car . michael hey man ! wanna go out to lunch ? peter I bring mine in a pail . plus , joanna 's suppose to come by later . samir so , how do you like you new job ? peter it 's not too bad . not too bad . how 's penetrode ? michael initrode . peter initrode . samir it 's work . peter yeah . yeah . michael I could probably get you a job if you want . peter no , thanks . I be do good here . michael so , uh , we be gonna be ok , right ? peter yeah . I think the fire pretty much take care of everything . samir but what if the money burn up ? it 's too be a scheme . peter yeah ... samir be you sure you do not want we to get you a job ? peter that 's the one thing I be definitely sure of . michael all right , G. peter you guy take care ! samir ok . michael stay in touch , man ! peter ok , will do . ( they get in the car and leave ) this be not so bad , huh ? make buck , get exercise , work outside . lawrence fuckin ' A. peter fuckin ' a ... [ scene a beach . milton be relax and a waiter come up to he . ] milton Excuse I . Excuse I , senor . May I speak to you please ? I ask for a mai tai , a margarita , and a pina colada . I ask for no salt , no salt in the margarita . but it have salt in it . ( the waiter leave ) if you do that again , I will not be leave a tip . I will not be put one down . Sir ? I could check into a compete resort ... end