okja written by bong joon Ho and jon ronson int . ceo office , mirando company headquarters , manhattan - afternoon subtitles : 10 year ago . 2006 . a expansive , modern ceo office . late afternoon sunlight pierce the 74th floor of the mirando company . the company 's green tree logo cover one of the wall . a woman stand at the window , she back fill the screen . she look down at the lesser Manhattan skyscraper . this be lucy mirando ( 40s ) . on the window be arrow point at the various mirando subsidiary scattered throughout Manhattan : mirando organic harvest , mirando peachy Delight baking company , mirando chemical , mirando tenderloin Fine dining supplies , mirando biotech , mirando hungry Pirates burger , mirando transformative , mirando happy pup good Boy ! treat . Lucy 's breath mist over the arrow . she mumble to herself in a small voice , practice some kind of speech . a hand reach in - hold a cosmetics brush - and begin to gently brush Lucy 's face . from 0.s a spray of hair spray coat Lucy 's hair . wide : Lucy be surround by a makeup artist , a hair stylist and mirando company employees , include Lucy 's senior assistant frank dawson ( 60 ) . make -up woman I be a huge fan . Lucy look at she , surprised . make -up woman ( cont 'd ) of you tenderloin fricassee ready meal . they both glance at a advertising poster frame on the wall - a photograph of a farmer gently stroking a cow 's face . the slogan : the secret ingredient in our tenderloin ? tenderness . make -up woman ( cont 'd ) so what 's all this about ? the reporter out there ... frank Ms. mirando do not want to have a conversation right now , dear . lucy ( smiling ) it 's okay , Frank . I be not my sister ! ( to the make - up Lady ) I be announce a miracle . int . conference room , mirando company headquarters - day the conference room be pack with reporter and tv crews . a spotlight shine on a small pot tree in the corner of the stage . it look uncannily similar to the mirando company logo . Lucy stand on the stage . she 's charismatic , modern , maybe slightly vulnerable . the sight call to mind a Steve Jobs product launch or gwyneth paltrow deliver a ted talk . lucy on a spring morning three year ago a chilean farmer name senor Victor Zamora villacorta be tend to he pig when he chance upon something very strange . a beat . Lucy have the reporter ' attention . Lucy outstretch she long , graceful arm and click on the touchscreen behind she . a photograph fill the screen of a chilean farmer pose for the camera . he look wise , old , kind - straight out of chilean Farmer Central caste . lucy ( cont 'd ) I recently have the opportunity to meet with senor villacorta at he hilltop farm . each time Lucy say senor villacorta 's name , she do so with a slight chilean twang . lucy ( cont 'd ) we sit out on he porch and drank wine as the sun go down . another photograph appear on the screen , this time of Lucy and senor villacorta drink wine at sunset . a picture - perfect rustic set . lucy ( cont 'd ) he say the sweetest thing to I . " Lucy ! ( more ) lucy ( cont 'd ) why could not this miracle have happen forty year ago when I be look for a wife ! I could have marry a supermodel ! " well , I be sorry senor villacorta . it turn out we do not choose when we get to save humanity . Lucy make a peculiar hand gesture . the word " save humanity " appear on the screen in hundred of language , in various style of calligraphy . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( urgently ) the world 's population be at seven billion . 805 million of we fellow human struggle with hunger each day , include 30 million right here in the United States . a photo-montage of worried - looking human from across the globe fill the screen behind Lucy . they look lose , helpless , in need of a leader . lucy ( cont 'd ) and by 2050 ? we will somehow have to feed a staggering 9.6 billion people . the world be run out of food and we be not talk about it . we need a miracle . and then we get one - on senor villacorta 's little hilltop farm . the light dim . Music swell . lucy ( cont 'd ) say hello to Mary . a photograph fill the screen of senor villacorta cradling a very odd - looking piglet in he arm . the room fall silent as the fascinate Reporters stare at the very odd piglet . lucy ( cont 'd ) all the other piglet in the litter be normal . but this peculiar little lady turn out to be about the least normal thing you can imagine . we scientist at the mirando ranch in Arizona have be raise Mary with love and care ever since , observe she and perform various study . and I can tell you the result right now . ( more ) lucy ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) Mary be like nothing on earth . frank watch Lucy speak from below the stage . he quietly mouth ' like nothing on Earth ' in time with she . lucy ( cont 'd ) and so , please welcome to the stage the inspirational ... senor Victor Zamora villacorta ! senor villacorta walk onto the stage and stand in he predesignate spot . he 's dress in he full farmer 's outfit . there 's a smatter of dutiful applause from the reporter . sarcastic reporter uh , no offence to senor ... lucy villacorta . sarcastic reporter but we would prefer to see the pig . lucy ( smiling ) you will . but not yet . british reporter you be announce the birth of the world 's most amazing pig and you be not show we the pig ? you be a temptress ! the british reporter give Lucy a sleazy , misogynistic grin . Lucy respond with a mock -scold look . british reporter ( cont 'd ) ( winking ) you be much more fun than the last Chief executive ! lucy of course I be . Peter . yes , she 's my sister , but Nancy and I be very different human being with very different business ethic . very different . the only thing we share be we last name . Lucy smile , but she composure be slightly rattle . a question from the audience end the brief silence . reporter C what 's so great about this pig anyway ? lucy she have a impressive reproduction rate . the Reporters look underwhelm . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( a small smile ) a regular sow average five or six piglet in a litter and two litter in a year . Mary have mate with one of we best hog while she 's be live with we in Arizona , and she 's have a few piglet . would you care to see they ? Lucy make a hand gesture . a film fill the screen of a hundre very odd - look piglet graze the beautiful , grassy acre of the mirando ranch . a beat while the reporter take it in . then the room erupt with a volley of question and camera flash . under the stage , Frank smile . this be go exactly to plan . sarcastic reporter how the hell do one pig have so many baby ? lucy ( beat ) she get big . the reporter take in the implication . lucy ( cont 'd ) and she baby be go to get big too . reporter B show we a picture of the big pig ! lucy ( smiling ) Simon ! patience ! last week we send twenty - six of Mary 's Super piglet to the twenty - six country around the world where we mirando branch office be locate . 6 . the screen behind Lucy become a colorful world map . through cool graphic we see the Super piglet be spread to New Zealand , Brazil , France , Sweden , Spain , Germany , Denmark , South Korea , Japan , South Africa , and so on . lucy ( cont 'd ) each piglet be give to a esteem local farmer . a photomontage of super piglet be hand by mirando employees to charismatic- look farmer in picture - perfect location . face of all shape and color . a testament to the global nature of the project . lucy ( cont 'd ) I have ask each farmer to raise they special guest in a natural environment with the utmost care , honore traditional technique unique to they respective culture . my top scientist at the mirando branch office will be on hand to offer whatever support be require . ( beat ) and now we have a competition ! on the word ' competition ' the colorful world map reappear on the large screen behind Lucy . the face of the local farmer appear over the map . lucy ( cont 'd ) this little piggy will be the forebear of a whole new species ! from this , we will pick the most exceptional specimen and develop they into a super breed ! a revolution in the livestock industry ! and one local farmer will rear the biggest and most beautiful and special one ! the ultimate Super pig ! but which farmer will it be ? will Denmark win ? New Zealand ? that 's my bet ! but I be no expert . ( beat ) but I know someone who be ! the judge panel will be lead by none other than the wonderful Dr. johnny wiseman - tv 's most popular zoologist and veterinarian - and the new face of the mirando company ! the reporter be take aback . reporter johnny wiseman 's work for mirando now ? lucy let 's remind ourselves of Dr. johnny 's work . the screen behind Lucy fill with a montage of famous clip from the hugely successful tv show dr . johnny 's magical animal : a gorilla throw straw in dr . johnny 's face . Dr. johnny laugh uproariously . Dr. johnny lie underneath a elephant , wash its underside . the elephant take a shit on Dr. johnny 's face . Dr. johnny shriek with laughter . Dr. johnny cuddle a Panda . throughout it all we hear upbeat music - magical , magical animal ! the montage end . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( to the screen ) oh johnny ! ( to the reporter - a little chilly ) he 's just hilarious . reporter how do you get johnny wiseman work for you ? sarcastic reporter deep pocket , right ?! lucy ( smile ) we be just delighted to have he ! ( beat ) when the competition reach its climax , Dr. johnny will crown the winner at a magical animal live telecast right here in New York City ! that be when we will unveil we Super Pigs to the world ! and , believe I , it will be worth the wait . senor villacorta be still stand on he spot - awkwardly - nobody pay he any attention . reporter how long will the wait be ? when do we get to see the big pig ? for a beat , Lucy look like she do not know what to say . then she recover . lucy ten year . elderly reporter ten year ?! Jesus Christ . I will be dead by then ! british reporter this have to be the longest beauty contest in world history ! if it be miss America all the girl would be old and ugly by the end ! they would be put the crown on the head of a wizen old hag ! the sleazy british reporter grin and look around , pleased with himself for he joke . frown from a few of the female reporter . lucy I do not think 10 year be a terribly long commitment , give that we be develop a entirely new , scientifically ground - break species that will single - handedly remedy the planet 's food shortage crisis ! we super pig will not only be big and beautiful , they will be design to leave a minimal footprint on the environment , consume less feed and forage , produce less excretion . but most importantly ... Lucy create a long , expectant beat . lucy ( cont 'd ) they will need to taste fuck good . a pig - face reporter blurt out ... pig -face goddamn right ! Lucy and the other reporter laugh . the atmosphere be merry . 9 . Frank laugh and clap loudly as music begin to flow through the speaker - the isley Brothers ' harvest for the world . . -- all baby together , everyone a seed , half of we be satisfied , half of we in need ... Love 's bountiful in we , tarnish by we greed , when will there be a harvest for the world ? lucy ten year . that 's when there will be a harvest for the world . thank you . word drift across the screen : ' the Super pig Project . ' ' save humanity . ' ' harvest for the World ' . int . bathroom / hallway , mirando company headquarters - day Lucy mirando slump on the toilet with a cigarette in she mouth , san makeup . she be web-search article on she cut edge 2006 flip phone . Press photo of she dance to '' harvest for the World '' pass through the screen . she begin mouth word to herself . we do not know whether she 's read the article or relive she speech . the phone begin to ring and the name " Nancy mirando " flash across the screen in bold letter . Lucy debate whether to answer before shutting it . CUT to : Lucy wash she hand in front of the mirror . she feel something behind she and turn around to find ... Frank awkwardly hold out he phone . lucy what be it ? frank it 's Nancy . ( look at Lucy ) she say you be not answer ... lucy ( hushed voice ) be you work for I , or she ? Jesus , Frank . Lucy 's outburst barely affect Frank , who stare back with a innocent face . Lucy take the phone . lucy ( cont 'd ) hey , sis ! how 's London ? 10 . a long silence . we hear Nancy breathe down the phone . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) be you angry ? another hard silence . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( try to keep it light ) come on , nance ! do not be angry ! talk to I ! nancy ( v.o. ) ( finally ) I think Denmark 's go to win . lucy ( happily ) really ? why do you think Denmark ? a small , cold chuckle from Nancy . lucy ( cont 'd ) be you mock I ? please do not mock I . ( beat ) nance ? nancy ( 0.s. ) yes , luce ? lucy ( awkwardly ) what I do today ... do you think dad would have like it ? nancy ( v.o. ) oh , Lucy , sweetheart . poor darling . dad would have think you be a total cunt . CUT to : Lucy walk out of the bathroom and hand the phone to Frank wait by the door . a extreme wide shot of Manhattan skyscraper . we see Lucy as a small dot as she walk down the infinite hallway . MAIN title title over black : " okja " 11 . the STREET noise and sound of airplane be replace by meditative sound of nature - the mountain breeze and chirp bird . dissolve to : ext . mountain - day a thick forest sit at the foot of a mountain range that stretch for mile . superimpose title : " the present day. 2016 . " superimpose title : " South Korea . " when the title disappear , we notice a tiny white dot move in the wood far ahead . a person ? a animal ? ext . wood - day a SMALL girl carefully climb down the hill , a straw sack over she shoulder , she face a mix of street - smart stubbornness and innocence . she be mija . we hear bustling behind she - and see a very large and very strange - looking animal unsteadily tiptoeing down the hill . it be a fully grow super pig - okja . okja clumsily make she way down the hill , look terrify . she step on a thorny chestnut bur and immediately freeze . she look back and forth between mija and she foot with a blank expression . she look silly - the hugely oversize creature with she foot daintily raise . mija immediately run over and pluck the chestnut bur from okja 's foot . okja blow through she nostril in relief , still wear the same blank expression . she be awesome in size , but slow , and do not appear very intelligent . ext . persimmon tree , wood - day from atop the hill , mija look down at a tree in the bottom . it teem with ripe orange persimmon . mija go ! on mija 's command , okja enter frame and run downhill towards the tree . but she trip over she foot and begin tumble and tumble until ... 12 . .-.- she hit the tree trunk . thump . the tree be nearly pull out of the ground . ripe persimmon fall everywhere . okja raise herself , unfaze by the impact . mija scuttle down and gather the persimmon in she straw sack . she pick up the large one and throw it to okja , who snap up she chin and catch it like a dog catch a tennis ball . close on okja 's silly , innocent face as she move she humongous jaw , savore the juicy persimmon . ext . stream - day mija peer into the water . she look up and wave at okja ( o.s. ) - indicate a part of the stream where the water be deep . suddenly , okja 's colossal body fill the screen as she fly across the air toward mija . she splashes into the water , send a mini-tsunami in all direction . like when a obese person jump into a small tub , copious amount of water and fish flow over the bank . the fish flap around frantically . mija quickly pick out the larger one , put they in the sack and throw the little one back into the stream . Quick and efficient . a familiar routine . with she eye and nostril barely poke out of the water , okja take a leisurely swim . mija take off she clothes and jump in . they swim under the blissful autumn sunlight . a idyllic moment . it feel like time have stop . okja suddenly climb onto a large rock . she shake off the water like a dog and tighten , arching she body . her large ear point up in a peculiar fashion . mija catch the ' signal ' . mija no! wait ! okja glance at she and freeze . mija quickly swim upstream until - at a safe distance - she give okja the ' ok ' sign with both hand . with that ... okja 's epic poop begin . it be similar to the poop of hippopotamuse . okja spin she short tail like a helicopter as she project fecal matter in all direction . a spectacular scene , with countless piece of shit fly across a wide radius . the excrement fall in the water and fish gather around the piece to feed on they . the ' circle of life ' in full effect . 13 . okja jump back in the water and the fish gather around she bottom . they swim gracefully as a school , chase after whatever be leave behind by okja . ext . near the stream — day okja be sprawle on a rock next to the stream , take a nap . mija sleep on okja 's belly , move up and down every time okja take a breath . whenever okja shift , mija adjust , somehow maintain she position on the belly . we notice a small black BOX the size of a cell phone attach to okja 's ear . ext . mija' house - continuous mija 's grandfather , hee bong ( 70 ) , carry firewood , get ready to make dinner . the sun be fall fast . hee bong look toward the mountain with concern . hee bong ( shout ) mija ! where be you ? ext . stream - continuous hee bong 's voice echoe through the mountain . Inside mija 's straw sack , half - submerge in water , a fish peek through the chestnut and persimmon , still breathe . mija jolt awake . she look around blankly before realize she sleep too long . she shake okja awake . okja spread open she humongous jaw and yawn . mija ( to okja ) we be late for dinner . we will take the short cut . okja respond with a distinctive squeal . ext . trail / cliff - day the short - cut be narrow and border a steep incline . mija and okja hurry down it . mija notice that the rope around okja 's neck be hang limply off she . she turn to re-tie it , suddenly slip , and fall down the incline , the rope in she hand . she slide towards a sheer drop . 14 . she grab a nearby scrub , which hold she for a moment , then snap in she hand . she continue slide , the cliff edge approach sharply ... okja look blankly down . then she suddenly step on she end of the rope . mija 's plummet abruptly stop . she dangle precariously over the cliff - she life barely preserve by the tip of okja 's foot . okja lower she enormous snout toward the rope , try to pull mija back up with she mouth . but she mouth and tongue be large and unwieldy . okja struggle until - in a sudden move - she twist she neck and successfully bite the rope . but as she do , she lose balance and begin slide down the incline . still desperately hold onto the rope , mija immediately drop several foot in the air . then she suddenly stop . she look up and see okja peek over she , have sly all the way to the edge of the cliff . the rope be tightly stretch between they . large drop of drool escape through okja 's fiercely clench tooth and fall onto mija 's body . with a emphatic umph , okja step backwards , the rope in she mouth . she somehow manage a few strenuous step . but then a rock that have be anchore she foot suddenly come loose and she begin slide again . mija scream as she go into a free fall . okja shriek too as she slide towards the sheer drop . suddenly , okja spot a large tree stump below . with the rope clench in she mouth , she twist and steer she body towards the stump . right before reach the edge , she coil herself and jump over to the other side of the stump . okja fall off the cliff . but the rope hang over the stump form a pulley mechanism . and so - as okja dive headlong with the rope in she mouth - mija be pull up by okja 's weight . as okja fall and mija rise , they lock eye at the midpoint . a fleeting moment of desperate , long sadness . when mija reach the tree stump , okja unclench she jaw and let go of the rope - plummeting towards the wood below . mija ( scream ) okja ! 15 . okja plummet further , until she 's swallow up in the green leave . mija 's heart break as she watch okja fall after save she life . mija ( cont 'd ) okja ! there be no answer from below . ext . forest below the cliff - day the forest be densely pack with tree . mija desperately search for okja , but she be nowhere to be find . mija okja ! the echo die out , and the forest be once again silent . we only hear the buz of insect and the chirping of bird until ... ... we hear a huge fart from somewhere in the wood . mija quickly turn toward the sound . she see okja through the tree - casually chomping on grass , completely unaffected by the fall . mija run over with a huge smile , happily swinging the straw sack on she shoulder . mija ( cont 'd ) okja ! be you okay ? mija check everywhere on okja 's body for injury . as she do , okja slowly slink to the ground and lie on she back . she let out a moan and pretend to be hurt while she continue to chew on the grass . she hold up she rear foot and beg for attention , like a little child . mija look at she foot . she see a fresh scar near okja 's hip , blood ooze from it . she pick out a ripe persimmon from she sack and peel it . she take the soft inner part and rub it gently against okja 's wound . the soft , moist sensation soothes okja and she slowly close she eye . her chew slow as well . mija ( cont 'd ) you like that ? okja moan in pleasure . mija ( cont 'd ) you save my life . again . okja squeal in response . 16 . it look like they be really talk to each other . mija hold up okja 's large , floppy ear and whisper something . we can not hear what , but the soft whisper , combine with the late afternoon sunlight , leave we with a achingly beautiful feel . okja nod as if respond to whatever mija say . ext . mija' house - evening close on a dinner table . Wild green , potato , boil egg , pan-sear fish in the middle . it 's the fish mija catch at the stream earlier . hee bong and mija sit in the live room and chow on the dinner . hee bong ( out of the blue ) uncle mundo say he 's come by tomorrow . mija to collect the money ? for okja ? hee bong I already send the money to the company . mija right . so okja be ours now . hee bong nod . mija smile . mija ( cont 'd ) so why be uncle mundo come ? paperwork ? without answer , hee bong turn away and switch on a ancient tube television . a soccer game be on . hee bong damn . the first half be almost over . the screen blink on and off with static . hee bong slap the side of the set , make it normal again . with he eye on the soccer match , he pick up he spoon to eat when the screen blink and dissolves into static again . hee bong ( cont 'd ) Son of a ... mija great ! now we can buy a new tv ! 17 . hee bong go over to the tv . he raise he hand to strike it again when ... buzz . the screen return . it 's as if the tv be afraid of hee bong . hee bong this one 's perfectly fine . mija ( pout ) such a tightwad ... behind mija 's disgruntled face , we see okja poke she head out of the shed to drink water from the bucket . hee bong retrieve a half - drunk bottle of soju and open it . he carefully pour the soju into the cap , and with tremble hand , lift the tiny cap brim with soju . int . mija' room - late night it 's silent except for the sound of insect . we see the picture frame on the wall . a story span ten year . there 's a mirando certificate with hee bong 's picture print on it . it read in English : congratulation farmer hee bong ! raise you Super pig with love and care ! Love , Lucy mirando . there 's 6 - year-old mija hugging she Super piglet . there 's 12 - year-old mija tightly hugging the fully grow okja . mija sleep with a comic book open in front of she . a sound wake she up . she look toward a tiny window in the corner of the room . the window open directly to the shed where okja be keep . we see okja 's massive butt through the window . she keep shifting she tail , bother by the itching in the wounded area . the tail be too short and hardly reach the wound . mija pick up a back scratcher from the floor . she attaches a long bamboo stick to the end and sit in front of the tiny window . she yawn as she poke the stick through the window and scratch the area around okja 's wound . mija begin to doze . she close she eye . 18 . ext . stream , mountain - day mundo park ( 39 ) hike up along the stream , cover in sweat . dress in a suit and tie , he carry a bag that bear the ' mirando Korea ' logo . he stop for breath , and look down the mountain behind he . he take out he phone . the signal be poor , and he hold up he phone at various angle before finally get a bar and dial . woman' voice ( 0.s. ) hello ? mundo ( into the phone ) where be you ? what 's take you so long ? woman' voice ( 0.s. ) ( out of breath ) we be all so out of shape . and Dr. johnny be be ... somewhat difficult . mundo ( surprise ) Dr. johnny ? but he 's so much fun on tv! woman' voice ( 0.s. ) ( thinly ) right . on tv . but not in the water . mundo Water ? woman' voice ( 0.s. ) he dove into the water say he could not stand the heat . now he will not come out . ( quietly ) aw , disgusting . I think he 's do a secret piss . ext . front yard , mija' house - day hee bong stand at the faucet and pour water into a bucket . he turn off the faucet almost as soon as he turn it on . still think he pour too much , he pour off a little into the basin before hand the bucket to mundo . mundo gulp down the water , thoroughly cover in sweat . mija wash okja in the front yard . 19 . hee bong ( quietly ) I think a bunch of you be come . mundo glance down the hill . mundo they be come . mija ( call over ) it 's nice to see you , uncle mundo . why be you here ? mundo steal a glimpse at mija . mundo ( silently mouth ) you do not tell she ? hee bong look away without answer . mundo look frustrated . he walk over to okja . mija clap and give a sign to okja , who obediently sit on the ground . mundo remove the small black box on okja 's ear and unlock the waterproof case . he open it to reveal various computer chip and SD card slot . he remove the SD card and plug they into he laptop . number and graph show data about okja 's health abound on the screen : " blood pressure , " " temperature , " " heart rate . " the clean , design -conscious interface of the " mirando Super pig Health / growth management " software . mija look over mundo 's shoulder , lustily eyeing he brand new macbook when ... we suddenly hear someone shout in English . johnny fuck I ! ( panting ) all right . I be here . I be fuck here , goddamn it . hee bong , mija , and mundo all turn they head . a large man struggle up the steep incline , bitching and moan all the way . this be Dr. johnny wiseman . mija ( eye wide ) it 's that guy ! from tv ! she run excitedly to hee bong - leave okja at the the yard . mija ( cont 'd ) ( to hee bong ) it 's he , right ? from magical animal ! johnny you ... ( panting ) you just have to ... ( panting ) «+. drag I all the way up to this fuck mountain top . mija ( to hee bong ) he come to meet okja even though she be not in the competition any more ! he must think okja be that special ! mundo look uneasy . 20 . back of johnny suddenly notice mija . then he be abruptly back to he panting and bitching . johnny all the other Super Pigs be on flat land , accessible by car . Japan 's Super pig be about a five minute drive from the airport . I notice that you leave the fuck mountain top Super pig to the end because you know the climb would rile I . well , guess what ? I be rile . johnny 's companion stand around awkwardly . there 's jennifer , the Marketing director from mirando hq ( 30 , american ) . she wear a dslr over she neck . and there 's a Korean tv crew - chang ( 35 ) , the cameraman , and choi ( 26 , female ) the interpreter / assistant . choi look back and forth between johnny and hee bong , try to smile the awkwardness away . johnny ( cont 'd ) well , can someone at least bring I some water ? give that I be about to be film for fuck television ? 21 . choi rush over to the faucet and begin to pour . johnny ( cont 'd ) not sparkling water . I do not want to belch my way through the broadcast . chol I do not think they have sparkling water here . ( to hee bong ) Excuse I , sir , if you do not mind . Dr. johnny 's a bit thirsty from the hike . but johnny spot hee bong 's green soju bottle . he stomp over and snatch it up . johnny soju ... before hee bong can react , johnny crack open the bottle and downs the soju in one swig . hee bong ah , I be save that ... johnny let out a refresh , drunken sigh . hee bong look on , devastate . mija stifles she laughter . johnny spot okja for the first time . as he do he personality change totally - he look incredibly excite . johnny there she be ! chol this be okja ! johnny she 's wonderful . he rush over to okja and begin caress she body . this be real , touch enthusiasm . johnny ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) just perfect ! ( furiously , to chang the cameraman ) well , fuck film I ! you can not fake this emotion . 22 . chol ( yell at chang ) Film he ! chang hurriedly switch the camera on and dance around , fishing for the right angle . Jennifer snap away on she dslr . jennifer ( to choi ) get he he doctor 's coat ! choi hurriedly retrieve a white doctor 's coat from she bag . it have the mirando logo emblazon on it . she scurries over to johnny and help he into it . johnny continue to caress okja - she well - develop muscle , faultless skin , and taut curve , he expression one of awe . johnny ( to the camera ) ten year ago twenty - six local farmer in twenty - six far- flung country be each give a super piglet . this year I have travel to each of the twenty - six farm to meet the Super Pigs and decide which one will be invite to the best super pig fest in New York City , where they will be unveil to the world ! mija ( to hee bong ) what 's he say ? jennifer shhh ! they be filming ! johnny look at hee bong with sincere respect , give he a big thumb up . johnny you have do a incredible job . hee bong do not need a translator to understand . he hold up he thumb . Jennifer be ecstatic . this be exactly what she want . jennifer ( to chang ) Pan from johnny to the old man ! 23 . chol ( to chang ) Pan ! chang pan from johnny to hee bong . jennifer ( to johnny ) this be it ! the moment of mutual trust between mirando 's very own Dr. johnny and the esteem local farmer . johnny ( to hee bong ) she 's truly exceptional . hee bong ( a thick Korean accent ) ssank you so much . johnny how do you do it ? what be you method ? choi translate . ' uh .. ' hee bong think . a brief silence as everyone watch hee bong . hee bong I just ... uh , let she run around be all . hee bong laugh . choi translate . johnny ( to the camera ) he just let she run around ! how beguile ! ( beat ) I be not suppose to do this ... I mean I be suppose to go back to America and examine all the data before make my decision and yada yada yada ... but ... johnny wink at the camera . johnny ( cont 'd ) ( dramatically ) Jennifer ? two medal please . chang pan to Jennifer as she take out two ' best Super pig ' medal and hand they to johnny . 24 . johnny put one medal over hee bong 's neck and another over okja 's neck . okja blows in johnny 's face , cover he face with drool . johnny respond with he trademark uproarious laugh . johnny ( cont 'd ) ( to okja ) we have we winner ! ready for the festival in New York City ? mija what 's go on ? johnny one more medal please ! Jennifer hand another medal to johnny . johnny walk over to mija . johnny ( cont 'd ) a special medal for a special lady who I be sure help raise the Super pig too in she own special way ! johnny ceremoniously put the medal over mija 's neck . johnny ( cont 'd ) get some cutaway of the pig ! chang dutifully do . after he 's go , johnny talk quietly to mija . johnny ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I be kinda grumpy when I first arrive on you farm . be a television presenter can be stressful . mija look blank - she have no idea what he 's say . as chang get cutaway of okja , mundo try to squeeze into the frame . jennifer hey ! no ! with a hand gesture , Jennifer shoos mundo out of the shot . mundo linger awkwardly . he walk over to hee bong and whisper something in he ear . 25 . johnny ( still talk to mija ) I always have to be ' of n ' . especially now I find myself the ' face of the mirando Corporation ' ! how do that even happen ?! hee bong grab mija 's hand and take she to the corner of the yard . mija what ? hee bong I ... let 's go visit you mom and dad up there . mija now ? why ? I want to watch this . hee bong they appear in my dream last night , say they miss you . hee bong pull the reluctant mija uphill . hee bong ( cont 'd ) ( point to the group ) they 'il be here for a while . come on . ext . cemetery - day the sun shine on two burial mound lie side by side in the quiet wood . hee bong and mija pluck weed and dust off the tombstone . mija I can not remember they face ... hee bong look at mija with pity . he sigh . hee bong it 's be so many year . just the two of we , live here in the mountain . mija ( cold ) not two . Three . hee bong sure ! okja too . we little fatty . 26 . silence . hee bong take out a box from he pocket and open it . Inside the box be a gold pig , the size of a adult fist . mija regards it quizzically . mija what 's that ? hee bong a gold pig. 100 % real gold . mija , confuse . hee bong ( cont 'd ) so pretty , do not you think ? in the old day the elder would give this gold pig to they daughter as a wedding gift . take it . it 's yours . mija why be you give I a gold pig ? hee bong hand the gold pig to mija . he point downhill with he chin . hee bong well , you be not get marry , but ... since okja will be leave we and go far away ... you can keep this gold pig instead of she . mija what ? mija stare blankly with the gold pig in she hand , still not understanding . hee bong they be here to take okja . mija okja ? hee bong yeah . the competition 's nearly over . so they be take all the Super Pigs back to the company . mija but okja 's ours . we buy she from they . you send they the money ! hee bong that ... ( turn away ) ( more ) 27 . hee bong ( cont 'd ) it do not work out so well . I could not buy she . that 's why I buy this pig instead . this gold pig ... mija ( disbely ) no ... hee bong we can not do anything about it . especially not now . they say that okja be select as the best pig . they have big plan for she in America ... mija America ...? hee bong ( nod ) she will be spend the night in Seoul , and tomorrow she will be ona plane to America . she 's a celebrity now ! ( laugh ) go all the way across the Pacific ! hee bong let out a exaggerated laugh as he carefully search for mija 's reaction . mija be in utter shock . hee bong ( cont 'd ) ( sternly ) mija ! you be nearly a grow woman , and to be honest I be not too keen on see you play with that pig all day . you should go to the town , maybe meet a boyfr ... mija throw the gold pig at hee bong 's foot and rush down the mountain . ext . mija' house - late afternoon mija run out of the tree and arrive at the house to find it completely empty . the dirt in the yard be wildly print with footprint . we can picture how okja must have be drag away . the hair stand on mija 's body . mija okja !!! 28 . mija shout at the top of she lung . her voice echoe along the massive ridge of the mountain but go unanswer . mija begin to run - with the urgency of a sprinter . ext . forest - late afternoon mija run down the mountain with great speed and athleticism , have grow up roam this hill . she run she leg off - through the tree , over the rock , and through the air across the stream . the branch scratch and scar mija 's face but she continue run , gain speed . but okja and she escort be nowhere to be see . ext . beginning of highway - sunset mija stand at the point where the highway begin . she look far ahead at a sedan and a large container truck - just dot . mija breathes heavily , exhaust from she run . a tear form in she eye . the truck contain okja round the bend and disappear to the other side of the mountain . int . mija' house - night close on a large cauldron sit on top of a fire hole , steam rise from it . hee bong open the lid , and we see a whole chicken inside the boil water . hee bong add cinnamon , ginger , and vetch to the pot . he hear someone enter and poke he head out of the kitchen . he see mija crossing the yard limply , eye swollen from cry and cheek streak with dirty tear . mija stomp past hee bong and towards she room , scatter the chicken away . int . mija' room , mija' house - night hee bong poke he head inside the room . he carefully open he mouth . hee bong you must be hungry . I make you favorite - chicken stew . no answer . mija can not seem to put a stop on she emotion . she sob as she undress . hee bong become embarrassed and turn he head , but mija do not care . she continue to take off she pants and she sock . hee bong ( cont 'd ) go clean up , and let 's have some chicken stew . ( more ) 29 . hee bong ( cont 'd ) I put in all the herb that be suppose to be good for you . mija continue to sob as she remove a training suit from she drawer . she put it on along with fresh sock . hee bong look at she curiously . mija take out a red fanny pack from the drawer . hee bong ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? mija still do not answer . her face be a grotesque mess of tear and snot . she put the fanny pack around she waist . hee bong ( cont 'd ) where do you think you be go ? mija Seoul ... hee bong what ? mija I be go to bring okja home . hee bong be you crazy ? Seoul ? in the middle of night ? do you even know how much it cost to go to Seoul ? mija pick up a large piggy bank from the top of the chest . she raise it high and throw it to the floor with surprising strength . the piggy bank shatter into piece , unleash a vast sea of coin . hee bong gasp . mija continue to sob as she sweep the coin into she fanny pack and pocket . there be a few bank note in there too . she bite they between she lip . hee bong come into the room and try to stop she , but mija throw he to the floor . hee bong have have enough . he stand and begin frantically shove the coin under the furniture with he foot . he look ridiculous . and it 's pointless . mija have already fill she fanny pack . she zip it up and head fast towards the door . hee bong ( cont 'd ) do not you dare leave this room ! mija turn and stare at he . 30 . hee bong ( cont 'd ) look . I miss okja too . mija 's eye instantly swell with tear at the think of okja . hee bong ( cont 'd ) but she 's a animal . they all have to go sometime . hee bong grab a permanent marker from mija 's desk and start draw line over the photograph of okja - the one where she 's be hugge by mija . with rough stroke , he divide okja 's body part like a butcher 's meat chart . hee bong ( cont 'd ) blade shoulder , loin , spare rib , hock . this be what she be ! mija cry even louder - this be deeply disturbing to she . she push hee bong away and run out into the windy front yard . hee bong run after she and manage to grab she . mija ( yell ) no ! as mija yell , the bank note she be bite between she lip accidently fly away in the wind . hee bong instinctively throw himself toward the money . mija use the opportunity to run away , dash into the dark wood . hee bong belatedly realize he mistake and run after she - but she be gone . he breathes heavily as he stand in the black windy forest , the bank - note clench in he fist . hee bong mija - ! hee bong 's voice echoe throughout the wood . instead of mija 's answer ... a cacophony of CITY noise begin to crowd we ear . int . subway transfer terminal , somewhere in seoul - day as the noise reach a crescendo , we see a wide staircase fill with subway passengers transfer between line . 31 . Black head fill the screen move in a single direction . one of the head turn and look around - mija . int . platform , subway station - day mija stare hopelessly at the large subway map on the wall . the subway line be intricately spun like spider web . they resemble mija 's tangle hair and she utterly confuse state . she somehow identify she destination on the sprawling map and take out a coin from she fanny pack , insert it in the tickete machine . the fanny pack be a promotional gift from mirando . mija make note of the mirando Korea address and phone number print on the inside . ext . entrance , mirando korea office - day a white , clean interior brightly light by fluorescent light . mija stand up against the glass door and peer inside . we see a empty front desk with the mirando logo and a pot tree that have the exact silhouette of the logo . the lobby be silent until ... click , click . a skinny receptionist click she high heel into the lobby and return to she seat . mija try to make eye contact , but the receptionist look down at she smartphone and do not look up . mija - feel invisible - knock on the glass . the receptionist finally raise she head and see mija 's wild appearance . she point to a guest phone attach to a stand in front of the entrance . receptionist ( mouth the word ) use the phone ... suppress she anger , mija pick up the receiver and press the ' call ' button . we hear upbeat music as the automated voice speak in Korean / English . automate voice ( v.o. ) welcome to mirando Korea ! if you would like to know the number of the department you be look for , press # 7 . if you would like to speed - dial you party , press * 24 to switch to voice recognition mode . mija press the button . 32 . automate voice ( v.o. ) after the beep , please clearly state the name of the person you be look for . mija mun , do , Park . automate voice ( v.o. ) sorry , I do not hear you . please clearly state the name . mija hold the receiver with both hand . mija mun ! do !! Park -- !!! automate voice ( v.o. ) sorry ! I do not hear you . please clearly state the name ... mija scream she lung off , hope the receptionist will notice she frustration . the receptionist get up and casually walk into the back office . mija ( yell ) wait ! the receptionist disappear without answer . the front desk be empty again . mija close she eye and take a deep breath to calm herself . she suddenly begin walk backwards . she spin the fanny pack to she side and fully zip up she training suit . she stand at the opposite end of the long hallway , stare at the mirando Korea entrance . suddenly ... she begin to run ... she charge ahead with explosive speed . upon near the entrance , she accelerate even more and throw herself into the glass door . thump ! mija 's body collide with the door , and the entire glass wall vibrate from the tremendous impact . the door remain intact while mija bounce off and tumble on the floor . beep ! beep ! the security system be activate . the receptionist hurry out to the lobby . she see mija on the floor , moaning . 33 . receptionist ( startle ) oh my God ! be you okay ? look down at the fall mija , the receptionist press the button of the automatic door . the moment she do , a spider web begin to spread on the glass , and soon the huge glass door begin to come down in a cascade of shard . the receptionist scream as tiny , sharp particle pour onto the floor . mija immediately leap up and charge into the office , bump into the receptionist on the way . the receptionist grab onto the tree that look exactly like the mirando logo as she tumble onto the floor . dirt pour out of the pot , revealing the bizarre - look root of the tree . we realize it be a plastic tree all along . int . mirando korea office - day mija run frantically down a maze of long , empty fluorescent - lit corridor . it 's creepy and corporate - the stuff of conspiracy theory nightmare . mija ( yell ) uncle mundo ! okja ! mundo ! the maze finally open into a large , brightly light office . she see row and row of desk - but not one employee . she run through the cubicle , look around . mija ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) uncle mundo ! okja ! mija' Pov : a poster on the wall , advertising mirando 's Super pig project . the copy ' harvest for the World ' accompany a picture of hundred of fully grow Super Pigs feed on the grassy acre of the mirando corporate ranch in Arizona . to mija the sight be deeply unsettle . it 's like see hundred of okjas . at that moment , we hear a squeal . be it the real okja ?! mija run toward the sound but be catch by a elderly security guard . she throw he off , send he into the ground . now it 's the receptionist be turn . she leap at mija - but mija evade she with great athleticism , jump over desk and cubicle . 34 . mija run into a conference room and lock the glass door . int . conference room - continuous mija run to the window . mija' Pov : a parking lot , invisible to the outside world . mundo and uniformed mirando employees be drag a chain and roped okja towards a large trailer . the mirando uniform be surprisingly bright and colorful and vibrant look . okja be desperately resisting - but to no avail . ext . parking lot - continuous the office employees have vacate they desk to form a gallery in the parking lot . they be all busy take selfies with okja in the background . mundo ( yell at they ) hey , put you selfie stick away ! this be classified ! that be direct order from hq in America ! the employee reluctantly lower they selfie stick . mundo ( cont 'd ) I do not want to see any of that on instagram . int . conference room - parking lot - continuous mija ( bang on the window ) okja!l !! okjal !! it 's like the scene in the Graduate where Ben bang on the window at the wedding - " Elaine ! Elaine ! " - except mundo and the mirando employee do not notice mija . the glass be too thick and soundproofed . we can see she 's yell , but they can not hear a thing . mija 's eye be alight with fury . the Security Guard and the receptionist be unlock the door when mija charge toward they and throw herself at the door , knock they to the ground . 35 . with fierce determination , mija run toward the elevator ... ext . trailer - parking lot - continuous as the uniform employee struggle to tie the violently resisting okja in place , mundo put he face against okja 's and raise a selfie stick . he make he best cute face as he take a picture . int . cab , mirando truck - moment later mundo climb in the passenger seat . mundo ( to the driver ) let 's go . the driver be kim ( 24 ) . the truck begin to move with a huge roar . mundo scan Kim up and down , suspicious . slight frame , baby face , distract eye . something about he be just ...off . mundo ( cont 'd ) you have get a commercial driver 's licence , right ? kim ( nonchalantly ) huh ? mundo a licence to drive a heavy goods vehicle . a class a truck ? Kim smile blankly without answer . he steer the truck roughly out of the parking lot and into the outside world . as he do , we see mija bolt out of the main entrance . ext . street near mirando korea - day mija run with wild desperation as the truck disappear into the distance . but it soon slow down to merge onto a larger road and mija accelerate with all she might until she reach a point where the road continue downhill but the sidewalk remain level with the building . she run alongside the truck until ... .+- she boldly jump and - thump - land on the roof of the trailer . 36 . int . trailer , mirando truck - continuous thump . okja look up at the sound . she squeal and hike up she head . the uniform employee also look up curiously . okja can feel mija 's presence above she . she touch the ceiling with she face as she continue to squeal . ext . trailer roof , mirando truck - continuous mija balance herself on the move trailer . through the flutter strand of she hair she see a overpass approach . int . cab , mirando truck - continuous mundo see the overpass . it seem very low . he look over at Kim , who drive , still look blank . mundo what 's the height of this truck ? Kim give mundo a listless , nonchalant look . kim uh , they do tell I ... it be , uh ... still , Kim do not slow down . the overpass approach fast . the sign that indicate the height come into view : 4.2 meter . mundo stare at Kim . ext . trailer roof , mirando truck - continuous mija drop to she stomach . she lie flat and close she eye . the truck blast through . int . cab , mirando truck - continuous kim I guess they say it be less than 4.2 meter . mundo wipe he sweat , relieved . 37 . ext . trailer roof , mirando truck - continuous mija sit up . she make it . just . int . cab , mirando truck - continuous Kim continue to floor the gas pedal with a blank face . mundo look ahead and see another overpass quickly approach . this time the sign read 3.9 meter . mundo ( yelling ) the height ! can. you. remember ? Kim slowly shake he head and indicate he foggy memory . kim ( mumble ) I can not ... they make I drink a lot at the staff dinner last night ... the overpass approach . mundo turn white . he instinctively shrivel he body like a squid on a grill . ext . trailer roof , mirando truck - continuous wind batter mija 's face . she squint and look ahead at the overpass . her muscle tense as she instinctively sense danger . int . cab , mirando truck - continuous mundo be too paralyze to speak . Kim floor the pedal with that dead expression on he face . the 3.9 meter overpass approach fast . int . trailer , mirando truck - continuous okja let out a pierce squeal - as if call for mija . the uniform employee cover they ear . ext . trailer , mirando truck - continuous as okja squeal , mija run toward the back of the trailer . the overpass be about to slam the back of she head when ... 38 . .+- mija jump and hang onto the rear door handle of the trailer . SPARKS fly as the trailer roof scrape against the underside of the overpass . the horrible sound of metal scratch against concrete , mundo 's scream , and mija 's shouting overwhelm we ear at once . dangle from the handle , mija bang on the rear door of the trailer . int . trailer , mirando truck —- continuous the uniform employee stand up to investigate the bang when they get catch between okja 's massive body and the trailer wall . they scream in pain as okja twist she gigantic body towards mija . mija and okja cry for each other . i/e. mirando truck - continuous mundo what be that noise ? but Kim be preoccupy by something different - something very strange occur 0o.s. his eye widen . mundo ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) what ? mundo follow Kim 's startle stare to the side of the truck . mundo ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) terrorist ?! a black semi be drive purposefully alongside the mirando truck . the two occupant - both stare at mundo - be wear black ski - mask . one wear a suit underneath , the other a casual jacket . jacket ( break Korean ) I be not terrorist ... Nice meet you . but he strange accent , along with the wind noise and roar of the truck engine , make it impossible for mundo and Kim to understand he . 39 . mundo what ? jacket I do not want hurt you . I do not like fight . stop car ! mundo ( to Kim ) what the hell be they say ? jacket I say I do not like fight . come on , guy . just cooperate . ( to the suit ) shit. fucker do not even understand my Korean ... the suit just look at the jacket - he eye be a curious color . the jacket roll up the window . he fix he ski mask and abruptly turn the handle . slam . the black semi ram into the side of the mirando truck . mundo scream like a girl . the mirando truck get sandwich between the black semi and the underpass wall . spark fly . nearby driver react with horror as the two mammoth truck duel . horn blare everywhere . amidst the chaos the suit never lose he composure , remain cool , silent . the jacket abruptly turn the steering wheel and deliver the final blow . the mirando truck smashes against the wall . the violent shaking make mija lose she grip on the rear door handle . she tumble onto the asphalt and scream in pain . the the the the car behind she screech and turn to avoid she - add to mirando truck be finally force to a stop . black semi 's trailer door open and four more people dress entirely in black and wear ski-mask come run out - although one of the four be noticeably thinner and slower than the other . they carry various tool . one carry a bolt cutter . 40 . the uniform mirando employee open the trailer door and be immediately ambush by the Black assailant . the assailant with the bolt cutter sever the chain bind okja to the trailer . the mirando employee watch he , compliantly . mundo and Kim be trap in the cab - sandwich between the wall and the black semi . mundo desperately try to open the door . the suit leave the black semi and walk towards Kim and mundo . they watch he approach with curiosity . he begin shaking a spray paint can in he hand . he spray black paint onto the spotless white front end of the truck . he seem to be write something . mundo what the ... but Kim find the whole situation amusing . mundo ( cont 'd ) be you smile ? kim ( nonchalantly ) I be just watch the destruction of mirando property . Kim laugh . behind the truck , the Black assailant drag okja towards they trailer . okja desperately look around for mija . but she can not see she anywhere . traffic be at a standstill . driver in the opposite lane have stop they car to take picture and record video of this bizarre sight . suddenly , among the pileup of car , a girl arise . it be mija . she limp to a car and climb onto its roof . her body be cover in graze but she be undeterred . she take a deep breath and blow hard on she whistle . okja suddenly turn she head as she be be drag away . okja and mija finally see each other . 41 . despite she injury , mija dash toward okja . but okja can not move . the Black assailant have she lock down with rope . okja tip she body and roll over the Black assailant . they scream - crush by the weight . okja and mija beeline toward each other . they reunite , overjoyed . like a gunslinger jump onto a run horse in a western , mija grab the rope tie to okja 's body and swiftly jump onto she back . okja pull a abrupt u-turn and run toward the open road with mija on she back . the suit give a hand signal to the Black assailant . they regroup under the suit 's command and board the truck . they chase after okja . mundo ( to Kim ) follow they ! kim ( mumble ) fuck it . what do I care ? I be leave this shit country soon . mundo what do you say ? kim ( pull key out of ignition and toss they ) you know what ? I do have a commercial drive license , but my temporary contract do not cover I for workplace injury . everything finally make sense for mundo . he open the door and run out . mundo you want a workplace injury compensation package ? mundo start running in the direction of okja . mundo ( cont 'd ) ( over he shoulder to Kim ) then you would better start show some loyalty to this company ! and this be what company loyalty look like ! 42 . as mundo proudly yell this he lose he foot and slam into a parked car - knock himself unconscious . ext . underpass exit - minute later the point where the underpass join the open road . okja run at full speed with mija on she back while the black semi chase they , quickly close the gap . the uniform employee belatedly join the chase carry tranquilizer gun . mundo hold onto he head as he tag along . mundo ( to the uniform employee ) hurry you ass up ! whoever get they first , I will recommend for a permanent contract ! with full welfare benefit ! no bullshit ! the uniform employee consider this , and look at each other awkwardly . but only momentarily as they start run at full speed . we see police car approach from across the intersection with siren blaring . mija quickly change direction and ride okja toward a underground passage . int . underground passage / underground shopping CENTER okja enter the passage and stumble down the concrete step . she 's never climb stair before and be anxious about it . pedestrian scream and scatter at the sight of the giant pig . mija sorry ... get out of the way !! the suit , the jacket , and a few of the black assailant follow okja into the underground . the pedestrian panic even more at the sight of threaten man in ski mask . the uniform employee follow in with tranquilizer gun , add to the pandemonium . int . underground shopping CENTER - continuous shopper and shop owner scream in horror . shoe , makeup , clothes and mannequin be blast into the air as okja blow past . a part -time student dress as a pink pig distribute flyer in front of a newly open snack bar decorate with colorful balloon . dance music blare in the background . 43 . he see the enormous pig hurtle toward he . he begin run for he life - the huge pig face still over he head . as he run , he desperately fish for a angle with he smartphone - try to film a video of okja and himself . as okja make a sudden turn , she foot get catch in a clothing rack jutting out of the corner . she fall on top of glass plate display before the adjacent store . a loud crash . mija be throw off okja 's back , landing head first on the floor . the jacket break from he group and rush to mija 's side , prop she up . mija look daze from the impact . jacket hey ! you okay ? the suit turn around to see uniform mirando employee aim they tranquilizer gun at okja ! he pick up one of the panel display in front of the nearby frame shop . the tranquilizer dart fly through the air and stick on the panel . thunk . the other assailant also pick up panel , and the subsequent barrage of dart all fall on panel print with the image of celebrity . while the uniform employee hurriedly reload they gun , the suit give a quick hand signal to he group . the black assailant begin charge toward the employee like terrorist in a ambush . the suit calmly walk over to the injure okja and grab she ankle . he be caring as he touch okja , have a natural ease around animal . he immediately locate the break piece of glass lodge in okja 's foot . he quickly and painlessly pluck it out - like when mija remove the chestnut bur from okja 's foot back in the mountain . mija watch , impressed . mija who be you guy ? int . underpass - continuous kim alf ... Animal Liberation Front ? Kim search ' a.l.f. ' on the Google browser of he smartphone . he look at the spray-paint " a.l.f " on the front of the mirando truck . 44 , int . underground shopping CENTER instead of answer , the jacket lift he t-shirt and show mija a tattoo - a balaclava -wear , angel - winge Animal Liberation Front member embrace a lamb in he arm . mija stare blankly at the tattoo as policemen come run from the opposite end of the passage with tear gas gun draw . the group - along with okja and mija - stand and run . the police give chase . the jacket see a passage that lead to a garage . he direct the other member towards it and shout into the phone . jacket Underground garage ! Zone 3 ! int . underground garage - continuous the group bolt out of the door just as the black semi speed toward they from the opposite side . the back door of the trailer be already open and mija jump in first . she give a sign to okja , who climb in with great difficulty . the a.l.f. member push okja 's behind with they combine strength . again , one seem frailer than the other . once okja be inside , the assailant climb aboard . the Police finally arrive and haphazardly fire they tear gas gun , but to no avail . the black semi speed away , the back door still swinging open , the policeman run pathetically after they . suddenly a man squeeze through the group of policeman and leap to the front with tremendous speed . it be none other than mundo , with the uniformed mirando employees run behind he . mundo chase the semi with fierce determination . the a.l.f. member watch with mild curiosity . okja suddenly bend she body and perk up she ear as she turn to mija . mija stare in disbelief . mija now ? mija sigh . 45 . mija ( cont 'd ) well , I guess you have be hold it in for a long time . mija give okja the sign . okja begin poop . the scale be beyond epic . her tail spin like a propeller as she unleash a veritable ' shit storm . ' mundo have nearly close the gap when he 's bombarded with countless piece of shit . two a.l.f. member look on as mundo cry in horror . a.l.f. member 1 I never tire of the way they shit . a.l.f . member 2 could watch it all day . the black semi reach the exit . it smashes through the gate -— leave mundo a deject shit - cover blob in the distance . int . trailer —- continuous mija hug okja 's face tightly . the a.l.f. member - still in they ski-mask - watch they . mija ( whisper ) I will never leave you again . jacket ( translate ) I will never leave you again . mija I be take you back to the mountain . jacket ( translate ) I be take you back to the mountain . mija glance suspiciously at the Black assailant in they ski-mask . female a.l.f . member stop with the creepiness , K. jacket what ? I be not be creepy . 46 . female a.l.f. member you do not think that 's creepy ? translate everything she 's say in you balaclava and you eerie man 's voice ? jacket ( thinly ) the mission be no longer as we would plan it because the girl show up so I be provide the team with unfold intel . and by the way . this be not my '' eerie man 's voice '' . it 's my voice . suit no not ? quiet authority ) ss . ! the bicker a.l.f. member dutifully shut up . the suit walk over to mija . he crouch to she eye-level and take off he balaclava . he be jay - good-look , serious ( 30 ) . as he remove he balaclava , the other a.l.f. member take off theirs . they be all young than jay , in they 20 . jay introduce each member to mija . jacket be k ( asian ) . the woman be red . the two other be man - blond and silver . each be name after the color of they hair . Silver look sweet , but socially awkward , very thin . Red and blond look restless . jay ..- and my name be jay . k translate for mija - word - for-word . mija I be mija . and this be okja . k ( chuckle ) mija . okja . that be like old - fashioned name . that 's sweet . jay give k a '' so what '' look . awkward silence . jay we be animal lover . we rescue animal from slaughterhouse , zoo , lab . we tear down cage and set they free . this be why we rescue okja . mija bow politely . mija thank you so much . 47 . jay speak in a overly formal manner as he fix he necktie . jay for forty year we group have liberated animal from place of abuse . jay gesture to k . k remove a mini-tablet from he jacket and show it to mija . close on the mini-tablet . old archive film of smash down door with hammer and crowbar the cage animal inside . jay ( cont 'd ) we inflict economic damage on that who profit from they misery . we reveal they atrocity to the public . and we never harm anyone - human or non-human . that be we forty year credo . the a.l.f. and rescue thump . jay turn at the sound of something fall and see Silver barely be hold up by blond . he look pale , sickly . jay ( cont 'd ) be you okay , Silver ? ( to blond ) he do not eat anything even today ? blond ( shaking he head ) he 's still try to leave the smallest footprint he can on the planet Earth . silver ( weakly ) all food production be exploitative . blond ( exasperate ) what about tomato ? silver ripene with ethylene gas . transport in truck . 48 . jay I admire you conviction , Silver , but you pallid complexion worry I . jay turn to mija . jay ( cont 'd ) how long have you and okja live together ? mija since I be four . at this the group let out a low sigh . jay do you know where she be be take ? mija to America . the best Super pig fest . jay yes . but she be be take somewhere else first . mija . you need to prepare yourself . everything you believe you know about okja be a lie . mija instinctively reach out to touch okja . jay ( cont 'd ) okja 's other destination be ... k press the screen on he mini-tablet . we see photograph of a warehouse . it look abandoned . but it 's surround by barb wire fence and american security guard . jay ( cont 'd ) this underground laboratory in Paramus , New Jersey . this be the building where okja be create . mija frown - then grin . mija no , okja be bear on a ranch in Arizona . her mother be bear in chile . on a beautiful farm . 49 , jay okja be create in this lab . so be she so -called ' mother ' . this be where mirando experiment with they genetically mutate animal . mija look troubled . jay ( cont 'd ) they be look to develop the breed that will generate they the biggest profit . in that very lab . you and the other local farmer across the world be just promotional device for they - just a picturesque backdrop . mija backdrop ? silver they make everything seem cosy . but it 's not cosy . it 's never cosy . jay mirando know they consumer will not eat mutant GM food . so ten year ago they ' beautiful ' head psychopath Lucy mirando - who by the way become ceo by force out another psychopath name Nancy mirando in a fuck - up coup d'état ... anyway , they go into the laboratory and dig around amongst all the disfigure , misshapen creature to unearth the prettiest one . as k quietly translate , he show mija more photograph of the laboratory 's innocuous - look exterior . jay ( cont 'd ) and then - big fanfare - she send they around the world . k pull up a file on he mini-tablet . it 's video of Lucy 's press conference from ten year ago . we see the photograph of the super piglet be hand to farmer across the world . we see Lucy on the stage ... reporter when do we get to see the big pig ? 50 . for a tiny moment , Lucy look like she do not know what to say . then she recover . lucy ten year . k pause the video - a freeze - frame of Lucy , a triumphant glint in she eye . jay you know why she say ten year ? to consolidate power . the longer the project 's duration , the longer she would get to be at the top , run thing . red and that be the ten year you spend with okja . mija stare blankly , she face crowded with conflict emotion . jay and now the ten year be nearly up . they have be frantically breeding super pig and soon the supermarket will be fill with they flesh and organ . Dog food , hot dog , bacon ... k translate clearly for mija . jay ( cont 'd ) we plan be to put a stop to they project by expose the lab and its crime against animal . but to do so , we need video from inside - footage of the horrible atrocity be commit in the lab . and there 's a problem . mija be now completely immerse in the story . she look at he intently . jay ( cont 'd ) the security be impenetrable . other group have try and fail to get in . ( beat ) but there be a way . although we will only go ahead with it if you give we you consent . 51 . at this , k stop translate and stare at jay . so do the other a.l.f. member . jay nod . blond ( protest ) if this kid do not give she consent , we be go to abandon the mission ? jay ( to k ) please do not translate . hold on . ( to everyone ) we do not harm any non-human or human . this little girl be okja 's family and I will not harm she by force a mission upon she that she do not consent to . red we have to abort just because some man from the 1970 write a fuck ' credo ' ? blond tradition do not make a movement strong . silver ( cough violently ) we make a movement strong . jay look around coolly at he rile up colleague . he do not have to raise he voice . his quiet charisma instantly subdue everyone . the trailer , once again silent . jay ( calmly ) if that 's how you feel call yourself something else and not the a.l.f. and do not come around here anymore . the member look abash by jay 's word . jay quietly gaze into mija 's eye . jay ( cont 'd ) in order to expose mirando we need video from inside the laboratory ... k hesitates briefly before continue to translate . 52 . jay ( cont 'd ) and this be where you okja come in . the mirando scientist be die to get they hand on she at they underground lab . they star super pig ! they be desperate to put she through a slew of test . ( beat ) which be why we have make this . k remove a small , black electronic device from he pocket and show it to mija . jay ( cont 'd ) it look exactly like the black box on okja 's ear , right ? but this one have a transmitter that will wirelessly send they video feed to we . we want to replace the device on okja 's ear with this , so okja can send we a live feed from inside the laboratory . k ( in Korean - to mija ) it will be like okja 's hide camera show ! mija be still confuse . mija you want to send okja to America ? to this laboratory ? jay ( nodd ) I be sorry . that be indeed we plan . rescue okja , replace the black box , and let mirando retake okja . mija can not believe what she 's hearing . jay ( cont 'd ) but do not worry . they will not hurt okja . they would not dare . she need to be perfect for they beauty pageant . whatever test they will do on she in there will need to be harmless . mija nod but look concerned . 53 . jay ( cont 'd ) you have to trust we . we have be plan this mission for a long time . we have a detailed plan on how to rescue she from the event in New York City . we promise to bring she back to you . we hear police siren grow closer in the background . jay carefully put a hand on mija 's shoulder . jay ( cont 'd ) if we mission succeed we will be able to shut down mirando 's Super pig project completely . we will be save million of Super Pigs like okja from death . jay look straight into mija 's eye , plead earnestly . mija look straight back . jay ( cont 'd ) but we will not do it without you approval . mija look at jay with a grave expression . the police siren in the distance get louder ... jay ( cont 'd ) what be you decision ? k translate the last question in a solemn voice . mija I be go back to the mountain with okja . she say it just like that - bluntly and squarely . in Korean , it sound even more blunt and square . k try to hide he surprise , speechless . jay and the other member eagerly await he translation . k take a deep breath before say ... k she agree to the mission . neither mija nor the a.l.f. member notice k 's lie . the member applaud vigorously . jay give she a warm , sincere hug , deeply move . mija stand there , not know what just happen . jay thank you . 54 . the siren be closer than ever . the member put on they balaclavas . k k open the small side door of the trailer . cold wind rush in . he yell into he cell phone : k go !! he take out a Ziplock bag from he pocket and put he mini - tablet and iphone in the bag . the member form a single file before he and deposit they own cell phone into the bag . ext . riverside expressway - evening the sun have nearly set . the black semi race through the dark riverside road . we see police car and mirando security car chase after it with siren blaring . the semi steer toward the railing , so close that we plainly see the dark river below . while other a.l.f. member hesitate nervously , Silver limp to the door and fearlessly jump off the truck . silver aaaaah - !! int . trailer , black semi motivate by Silver , blond and Red dive off after he . jay be the last one to put he cell phone in k 's Ziplock bag . he turn to mija . jay till we meet again . jay swiftly dive out of the truck . k wink at mija as he close the Ziplock bag bulg with cell phone . ext . riverbank , han river - evening a biker riding along the bank look up in surprise when a black figure jump from the expressway above and splashes into the water . splash , splash . column of water go up , and the black figure subsequently swim out of the water one by one . jogger stop and watch the bizarre spectacle . 55 . ext . riverside expressway / trailer , black semi - evening once k jump , the a.l.f. member who be drive stop the truck and run out . he throw he outdated folder phone into the river and himself jump off the expressway . splash . the police car and mirando security car surround the black semi . policemen run out of they vehicle and look down at the river , defeat . the circular ripple from the last splash slowly disperse . police 1 you swim ? police 2 uh-uh. never . while the Police look for a way down to the bank , the uniform mirando employee open the door of the trailer . headlights and red police light flood inside the trailer to reveal okja and a wide - eye mija stand side by side . mija try to hide she confusion and anger , but she eye be moist with tear . american news anchor ( v.o. ) the Animal Liberation Front ... int . conference room , mirando company headquarters - day on the tv : amateur footage of a.l.f. member with bolt cutter and other tool ambush the mirando truck in the underpass . american news anchor ( v.o. ) ..- have not be in the headline for a number of year , but they be back in the spotlight after today 's extraordinary event . 16 people - include Lucy mirando , Frank , johnny , and Jennifer - sit around the table and watch the news . they be silent , they expression grave . the scene look exactly like the photo of Obama , hillary and the national security team watch the Bin Laden raid in the White House situation room - right down to the gesture and the facial expression . the only unruffled person among they be head assistant Frank , who sit in the middle in a leisurely , presidential manner . american news anchor ( v.o. ) the group seem to have be highly organize . 56 . on the tv : we see kim - the mirando driver - be interview in front of the truck spray-paint with the " a.l.f. " sign . he speak surprisingly good English . kim ( smile ) they be fast , organize , and on point , like ninjas . no way a salary man from mirando could take they . ( laugh ) mirando be completely fuck ! completely fuck ! a beep censor Kim every time he say " fuck , " but he say it with such emphasis that it be impossible not to read he lip . the mirando employee bat they eye nervously , worried about Lucy 's reaction . on the tv : a repeat of the news footage of a.l.f. member run in formation . executive 1 look at that one ! he point at the blurry figure of Silver , lag behind . executive 1 ( cont 'd ) get some exercise , you dick ! he laugh and glance at Lucy for approval . the tension be palpable . frank I would not worry too much , luce . the a.l.f technically fail . executive 1 they be not even able to take the product . executive 2 this be just a kerfuffle over nothing . we should not make a big deal out of it . executive 1 it actually mean the security at we US facility and main office be so airtight that they would not even think about break in . that 's why they go all the way to South Korea . 57 . executive 2 the important thing be that the pig be on its way to New York now . jennifer ( brightly ) right ! the best Super pig fest will continue as plan ! they eye flicker nervously towards Lucy - who have thus far say nothing . finally , she stir . lucy ( quietly ) I know what they call I . they call I a psychopath . jennifer you 're not a psychopath ! they 're the psychopath , right , Ms. mirando ? they be narcissist . Jennifer glance around the conference room , pleased with herself . lucy do narcissist wear balaclavas ? frank oh , crazy radical have be call we psychopath since the " 60 ! you be a psychopath ! you sister 's a psychopath ! you daddy be a psychopath ! we barely notice , but Frank have a cellphone conceal in he hand . we see the name " Nancy mirando " on the screen . he 's surreptitiously point it in Lucy 's direction . lucy daddy be a psychopath , Frank . that 's not a unfair slur . " what do you do in the War , daddy ? " " I manufacture the napalm that make everyone 's skin fall off ! " and he call I a idiot loser ? frank in fairness to you father when he call you a idiot loser ... lucy yes ? 58 . frank you have just sign up for a two year course in California call unleash you Calling . lucy at a highly respected Institute for the advancement of human potential . where many forward - think ceo go . Lucy 's anxiety level be rise . she 's beginning to display subtle ocd symptom - repeat phrase and movement . lucy ( cont 'd ) and if you can not see the correlation between the advancement of my human potential and the fact we be currently on the cusp of the biggest product launch in the history of the food industry then I do not know what ! you know how I spend my time at the Institute ? visualizing new and better way of do business ! while sister be ... what be the name of the lake that explode ? frank moose Lake . lucy while my sister be dump so much toxic waste into moose Lake it exploded ... the only lake ever to explode , well do , Nancy ... I be visualize how to turn the most hate agrochemical company in America into the most likeable miracle pig rear company . and it 's working ! it 's working ! it be working until last night . until last night the synthesis between New mirando and Old mirando be impeccable ! Lucy hold both of she hand in the air . lucy ( cont 'd ) I take science ... Lucy manipulate she leave hand into a deform claw . 59 . lucy ( cont 'd ) and nature ... Lucy wave she right hand softly , mimick ocean wave or a field of crop blow gently in the wind . lucy ( cont 'd ) and I synthesize . she bring both hand together , mimick a flower bloom . lucy ( cont 'd ) and everyone love it . remember what the New York Times call we Super Pigs ? " intrigue . " Slate : " Lucy mirando be pull off the impossible . she 's make we fall in love with a creature that we be also excited about eat . " this be journalist who never write about pig ! they never write about pig ! but they write about our pig . ten year of plan ! we be on the cusp of launching a product that will feed million ! and what happen ? we fall victim to terrorism . and somehow we're the one that come out look bad ? jennifer ( brightly ) oh , we do not look too bad ! lucy we do not ? Rewind ! a beat . Jennifer nervously press rewind - know Lucy be right about how bad they look . on the tv : footage of the moment of okja 's recapture . uniform mirando employee drag okja back to the mirando truck . we see mija cry and desperately try to stop they . american news anchor ( v.o. ) follow the fail kidnap , mirando company employee be secure they super pig when a young girl suddenly step in and try to stop they . on the tv : uniform mirando employee - the guy mundo have promise full time contract to - pull mija away . they be rough , violent . 60 . american news anchor ( v.o. ) the girl be later reveal to be the granddaughter of a local farmer select by mirando ceo Lucy mirando to ... lucy pause . Jennifer do . on the tv : freeze -frame of the uniform employee roughly pull the poor , cry mija away . lucy ( cont 'd ) and there it be ! the image that 's go to destroy we ! who be that idiot ? Lucy point at the uniform employee . lucy ( cont 'd ) find out and fire they . jennifer ( brightly ) sure ! leave it with I ! Jennifer look delighted and relieved that other be get the blame . lucy abuse that adorable girl in the uniform I personally design ! what be we famous for ? a silence , before it dawns on the executive that Lucy be not ask a rhetorical question . executive 1 Super pig ? lucy holding indigenous farmer in high esteem ! who be we violently manhandle right there on tv ? executive 2 ( beat ) the granddaughter of a indigenous farmer . 61 . lucy be that the reason why she 's cry ? executive 1 ( cautiously ) yes ? lucy it 's one of two reason she 's cry . what 's the other reason ? executive 2 ( beat ) we be take away she super pig ? lucy we be shove she best friend into a truck ! that 's go to kill we . right there . that image . we be dead . unbeknownst to Lucy , Frank have he phone press to he ear , listen . he put it down . suddenly , he push he chair back with a loud squeak . he casually saunter over to the coffee machine and make himself a capsule coffee . the machine piss out coffee with a loud , obnoxious whir . frank Lucy ... May I say something ? Frank look over at Lucy as he smell he coffee . frank ( cont 'd ) the girl . you be think of invite she to New York , be not you ? a light bulb go off in Lucy 's head . lucy I be just about to say that ! frank yes , of course . ( nod ) you will invite she to the best Super pig Festival and ... lucy ( cut he off ) a move reunion ! the best pig and the adorable farmer girl force to part but reunite on we stage . 62 . frank of course ! ( smile ) brilliant , Lucy . lucy a emotional reunion , then the two of they leave the stage . Hand in hand . Hand in trotter ! Frank watch Lucy become more and more excited . he be more laid back than ever . lucy ( cont 'd ) she will be the face of the mirando company ! the live embodiment of the mirando ideal . Young , pretty , eco -friendly , global ! she 's a godsend ! be you write all this down ?! Jennifer and the executive write note with fury . suddenly johnny stand up in a huff . johnny uh. she 's not the face of the mirando company . I be . you do not even know if she can do anything other than cry . whereas I be much love all over the world ! lucy ( with unexpected venom ) sit down . johnny let out a gasp . johnny you're ... force I to ... lucy to do what ? johnny to examine my option . lucy go on then . examine they . be you examine they now ? have you finish examine they ? Lucy stare at johnny . he sit down - he humiliation complete . 63 . Lucy resume she conversation with Jennifer like nothing happen . lucy ( cont 'd ) get she a first - class ticket and book she a hotel ! she probably do not have a passport . get she a passport ! do not try to force a image on she - like what benetton do to that asian girl model . Jennifer take note with impossible speed , she pen a mere blur . lucy ( cont 'd ) no ! I have get a better idea ! get she wear a mirando uniform . let 's reclaim the uniform after what that idiot do ! int . ceo office - late afternoon Lucy 's limp body be sprawle on the sofa . her iphone ring . the word Nancy mirando flash up on the screen . lucy ( muttering ) oh fuck off . Lucy ignore it . but the phone keep ringing . finally Lucy pick up . lucy ( cont 'd ) hey nance ! nancy ( v.o. ) hey luce ! lucy I guess you see the news . do not worry . it 's under control . nancy ( v.o. ) what news ? what be you talk about ? lucy ( beat ) oh. nothing . ( beat ) so , how 's London ? do you ever get time to go to fun place like the London Eye and the London dungeon ? ( more ) 64 . lucy ( cont 'd ) I never have a free minute , but I figure run mirando Global be more taxing than run mirando UK . oh ! you should try madam Tussauds ! have you be there yet ? nancy ( v.o. ) ( beat ) no . lucy I hear such a interesting thing about madam Tussauds . when the celebrity become have -been they just melt down the head and turn they into someone more fashionable . Saddam hussain be Justin timberlake now . anyway . how be you ? nancy ( v.o. ) I just phone to wish you luck . 10 year ! you dream project be finally about to come to fruition ! everything you have work towards ! lucy yeah , it 's exciting ! nancy ( v.o. ) it must be , right ? the basket contain all of you egg ! every single one of you egg ! you must be so excited . the blood drain from Lucy 's face . Nancy can still terrify she . nancy ( v.o. ) you must be so excited ! int . police station , seoul - early morning mija crouch inside the police station . a few reporter surround she , shove they microphone into she face . reporter 1 they be go to charge you with property damage and obstruction of justice . do you know that ? mija look blank . 65 . reporter 1 ( cont 'd ) Animal liberal Front , right ? people be say you be a member . be that true ? mija stay silent , she head lower . the reporter come closer . reporter 2 it say on the Internet you have a a.l.f. tattoo on you arm . reporter 2 try to lift up she sleeve , but mija slap he hand away . a female reporter who would be watch from behind jump in and try to forcibly pull up mija 's sleeve . mija resist mightily . as she grapples with the female reporter , we see someone hurtle into the station in the background with a worried face - hee bong . hee bong squeeze in between the Reporters and grab mija 's arm . he raise the sleeve himself . hee bong let I see ! the Reporters briefly step back at hee bong 's apparent aggression . hee bong check mija 's arm , neck , everywhere . hee bong ( cont 'd ) tell I where you be hurt . be you okay ? with that , the floodgates open . mija put she arm around hee bong and begin to bawl . hee bong embrace she tightly . the Reporters quickly realize who hee bong be and shove they micu toward he . flash explode . hee bong ( cont 'd ) stop with the camera ... she 's just a baby . reporter you be she guardian , be not you ? hee bong go away ... hee bong hide mija with one arm while push away the Reporters with the other . he be never violent but put up a formidable fight as he fend they off . he be old but strong . hee bong ( cont 'd ) be civil , will you ? do not test I now ... 66 . the Reporters be back away when one of they suddenly dip down and pop a flash up at mija 's face . hee bong violently slap the camera away , stun the reporter . hee bong ( cont 'd ) sorry ! that 's a expensive camera . as soon as he apologize he return to roughly push the reporter . the grapple match become more and more heat . detective and police officer belatedly swarm the scene . the station quickly descend into chaos . suddenly , a familiar voice ring throughout the station . mundo ( 0.s. ) mi - ja -! mundo be walk into the station . choi - the mirando Korea translator from the mountain - follow he with a flower basket . wearing a radiant smile , mundo walk past bewilder face and hand the flower basket to mija . it be lavishly decorate with mirando company color . i/e. convenience store - early morning the store be brightly light by fluorescent light . mija stand at the window - side bar and eat cup ramen . the flower basket lie next to she . mundo and hee bong and choi smoke in front of the store . hee bong so all the damage in the shopping center ... mirando will pay for that too ? mundo how many time do I have to tell you ? hq be pay for everything . the main office in America . hee bong the glass door in you office mija shattered . that too ? mundo that 's what you be worried about ? they be invite she out to America . she will be do mirando commercial pretty soon . have finish she ramen , mija walk out toward hee bong and mundo . she hurl the mirando flower basket at mundo 's foot . 67 . mija forget commercial . get she on the phone right now ! mundo ( startle ) phone ? who ? mija I need to talk to okja . I need to find out how she be . choi stare blankly . hee bong they do that ... you know , talk to each other . they have always do it . chol ( scramble ) okja 's probably on the plane right now . she will not be able to answer . over mija 's seethe face , we hear the deafen noise of a airplane . as upbeat montage music begin , we ... CUT to : ext . JFK int 'l airport - day we see a large passenger airliner from behind as it touch down on a landing strip . the wheel touch the ground with a ear-splitt noise . ext . storage hangar , JFK - day as the montage music continue , we see large cargo be unload from the back of the plane . we follow one of the container - a large metal cage . we see okja crouch inside . mirando hq employees and private security contractor swarm the cage as soon as it hit the tarmac . i/e. cage , moving truck - day okja sit inside the cage with a sullen expression . she nervously blink she eye . 68 . okja' Pov : through a small open on the side , she see the unfamiliar scenery of New York pass by . the fake black - box / video transmission device be also point outside . i/e . a.l.f. sedan , new york street - day the a.l.f. team be crowded into the sedan . brief static as k 's laptop begin receive the video signal from okja . k get it ! the signal 's good . ( to the member in the backseat ) we be see what okja 's see . k sit in the passenger seat with he laptop connect to a satellite receiver . through the front windshield , we see the mirando truck about 50 meter ahead of the sedan . red ( drive ) hey , pretty good resolution . can not wait to see inside the laboratory ! blond bring to you live from mirando 's secret underground lab . we invite you to the mecca of genetic modification ! blond giggle as he imitate a travel channel host . he keep push a sandwich into Silver 's hand , who only pick at it and look through its content . jay sit behind k and quietly regards the laptop screen . jay ( barely contain he excitement ) in this moment only the five of we know what the whole world will soon know . this mission have the potential to surpass ...my God ... we may surpass even the Silver spring monkey liberation in term of epoch - define a.l.f. operation ! we be ushere in a new era ! the member cringe at jay 's pompous way of talk . a awkward silence . k yell to Red , try to change the mood . 69 . k slow down . let 's put some distance between we and they . I want to test how far the signal reach . ext . r.f.k bridge - day the montage music escalate . the East River glisten under the sun . a vast aerial view : the mirando truck cross the bridge , surround by escort vehicle . we see the a.l.f. sedan far behind . int . incheon int'l airport - day the montage music continue . mija wear a passport / ticket pouch over she neck , the one give to unaccompany minor . hee bong take out the gold pig from he pocket . hee bong take this . in case there 's a emergency . you might need money . make sure you hide it well . mija take it , hug hee bong . mundo hurry mija toward the departure gate , where reporter be gather . choi hand mija a large bouquet . mija where 's okja now ? why will not you let I talk to she ? mundo ( force smile ) we will call she soon ! let 's take a picture first . a shoddy event obviously organize at the last minute . ' congratulation - winner of the best Super pig World competition . joo mija send - off ceremony . ' the mirando Korea branch president and the director of the National livestock cooperative have already take they place under the banner . mundo shove mija between they . mija force a toothy smile as camera flash . mija ( to mundo - through she force smile ) you want I to be nice in New York ? get I okja on the phone . 70 . int . marketing department , mirando hq - day the montage music continue . close on a screen : we see a amateur you tube video of mija riding okja in the Seoul supermarket . it 's have 126 million view . a team of young mirando marketing employees sit in front of they computer and eagerly watch they boss , Jennifer . jennifer ( brightly ) and ... go ! all at once , the mirando Marketing employee begin enthusiastically type . close on they screen : they be type message on twitter and tumblr and facebook and you tube and instagram - a orchestrate corporate endeavor to flood the Internet with mirando positivity : " yo , I hear the hot you tube girl riding the giant pig be come to NYC !!! " " cute ! " " totally my type ! " " she 's gonna be at the mirando best Super pig fest in NYC !! awesome ! " " love her !!! " " the hot girl and Dr. johnny and the giant pig together in NYC !!! so cool !!! " int . plane - night mija sleep , she body awkwardly fold in she first - class seat . a female cabin attendant stop to pull up she blarket . she remove the '' smile : beginner 's conversation English " book from she hand and put it in the seat - back pocket . mija sweat from a nightmare . her eye twitch under the lid . insert - mija' dream / flashback grainy B & W footage . Pov of mija sit in the backseat of a compact car : okja - at this point a piglet - look up from mija 's embrace and try to lick she face / the camera . in the front seat , we see the back of mija 's dad , who turn toward mija , but whose face be wash featureless by the strong backlight . we also see the silhouette of mija 's mom in the next seat . her mouth be open wide as if to scream , but we can not hear anything . 71 . through the front windshield , we see a large truck crossing the yellow line of the narrow mountain road and hurtle toward mija 's car . okja the piglet squeal in the foreground . CUT to : the car be crash in the wood on the steep incline border the road . okja crawl out of the break window and look inside the car with a worried look . we see five - year - old mija bleed , she eye out of focus . okja climb toward the road as fast as she can . CUT to : grainy footage from a fix high angle camera ... seem to be traffic camera footage from the road : okja climb onto the road and begin squealing frantically toward the car as they whiz by dangerously close to she . one car stop , and a young man step out . okja continue to squeal as she lead the man down to the wood . the man discover the wreckage and hurry down the incline after she . the upbeat montage music change into ... i/e. laboratory entrance , paramus , new jersey - evening ..- dark , oppressive music . close on okja 's terrify face as she 's drag into the dilapidate warehouse - the front for the laboratory . the light be dim and the atmosphere ominous . i/e. nearby motel room - continuous the a.l.f. team be gather around the laptop , eye anxiously on the screen . Red open the large bag and take out a round satellite dish . k connect the satellite dish to the receiver . with the dish up , static decrease and the image become clearer . jay be we recording ? k of course . we begin to see the inside of the secret laboratory through okja 's Pov . the a.l.f. member all lean in . 72 . silver oh my God . int . laboratory - white room - continuous okja 's Pov : we see small cage line on either side of the hallway , each contain tiny Super piglet : a piglet with a hideously large tumor , one with red , veiny eye and neck - twitching tic symptom , one drag its deform hind leg ... victim of genetic experimentation . they squeal loudly when they see okja . okja also let out a heart - wrenching squeal as if commiserate with the piglet in the cage . the seasoned mirando laboratory worker move okja toward a steel door , pull on she leash and poke she from behind with stun baton . the Worker in the front open the door to reveal a immaculate white room . Inside the room be none other than Dr. johnny wiseman ! he greet okja enthusiastically , dress in a white gown . johnny okja ! he run he hand over okja 's body . johnny ( cont 'd ) so we reunite . in this wretch laboratory no less . johnny lovingly caress okja 's face , clearly drunk . behind he , we see a hideous male Super pig twist its gigantic body . it be about 1.5 time the size of okja . johnny ( cont 'd ) let I introduce you to each other . alfonso , say hello to okja ! okja , alfonso ! you boyfriend ! haha ! johnny drag okja toward alfonso , the male pig . as the steel door shut with a loud clank , the montage music abruptly stop . oppressive silence fill the screen . int . motel room - continuous heavy silence . the face of the a.l.f. member be light by the ghostly light of the computer screen . 73. they be see okja 's Pov , but because one side of the ' White room ' be cover entirely by a mirror , they see everything okja be go through . johnny and the Lab worker drag okja toward alfonso , who be increasingly excited at the sight of she . okja 's fearful scream pierce the computer speaker . silver can you turn down the volume , please ? k lower the volume , he face fill with dread . red ( sob ) we should never have send she there . blond stop it ! red we knowingly send she into that chamber of horror ... blond no we do not ! we do not know they would hurt she ! that , you know , they have put she through a ... mate . red we suspect . come on . we all suspect . okja 's scream and Red 's sobbing become blend in a sorrowful harmony . the male member sit in uncomfortable silence . k look especially distraught . jay quietly approach Red and put a hand on she shoulder . jay do not cry . we can not be weak . blond right . this be all the more reason to stay focus and stick to we plan . jay the little girl trust we with okja . we have to respect she bravery . k can not keep it to himself any longer . 74 . k she never agree to send okja . what ? all eye fall on K. Red stop cry . blond what do you just say ? k when she be in we truck ... she say she be " take okja back to the mountain . " jay and the member be speechless . k ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) I lie . red you little piece of shit ! I know something be up in that truck ! jay ( quietly ) why do you lie ? k I do not know . in that moment ... I just could not stop the mission . it be the coolest mission ever . k stare at the cool a.l.f. tattoo on he wrist . jay get up from the sofa and walk over . he gently lay a hand on k 's shoulder . jay k , it 's okay . look at I . as soon as k look up - pow - jay drive a fist across he face . before the other member can even react , jay push k into a corner and begin pummel he mercilessly . jay ( cont 'd ) I hold you dear to my heart - as I do all creature - but you have dishonor the forty year history and meaningful legacy of the Animal Liberation Front . you have betrayed the great mind and brave fighter who precede you . even as he unload a savage beat , jay maintain he formal manner of speech , speak like he 's at a academic seminar . 75 . jay ( cont 'd ) you have besmirch a forty year tradition . jay withdraw he fist and gather he breath . he look down at K. jay ( cont 'd ) never mistranslate . translation be sacred . jay throw a bag at K. jay ( cont 'd ) from this moment on you be no longer a member of the a.l.f . you be permanently ban . get out . however , since it 's vital that we proceed with we mission , we will have to return you equipment after its completion . consider this you last contribution to the a.l.f . k wipe the blood off he lip , deject , disgrace . he put the bag over he shoulder and begin to walk out . he stop by the table and adjust the position of the satellite dish . when he do , the image on the laptop instantly become clearer . int . laboratory - white room - later close on a green soju bottle . johnny pick it up and gulp it down . alfonso be not in the room anymore . okja be sprawle on the floor , lifeless . a dreadful silence . the heavily inebriated johnny take the remainder of the soju and walk over to okja . he crouch before she . johnny you want some ? he pour some on he hand and bring it to she mouth . okja close she nostril , repulse by the smell . johnny do not care . he just slurp it up himself . he lick every last drop . johnny ( cont 'd ) it make you feel better . okja be completely drain from the brutal mate session with alfonso , barely move . johnny also lie on the floor , rest he head on he arm , face to face with okja. 76 . johnny ( cont 'd ) the first time be the hardest . it will get easier . johnny let out a melancholy sigh . johnny ( cont 'd ) oh , this be a unspeakable place . I know , I know . and this room be not even the worst . there be worse room out there . ( beat ) Lucy mirando tell I I be not to harm you in here . at least not visibly . she want you perfect for she big telecast ! johnny start to rise . johnny ( cont 'd ) but when a woman humiliate a man in front of he colleague , a man be inclined to make he own decision . johnny suddenly pick up a piece of long metallic equipment from the floor . johnny ( cont 'd ) so there be one last thing . this . johnny laugh . he fit the tip of the equipment with a needle . johnny ( cont 'd ) this ... it 's call a biopsy gun . what it do be ... ( laugh ) it 's nothing really . it 's use on beef ... I mean live cow ... to check the marble ... a phone ring inside the room . johnny press the speakerphone button , and we hear Jennifer 's annoyingly high - pitch voice . jennifer ( v.o. ) hi , johnny . be okja with you ? will you put she on the phone ? johnny what ? 77 . jennifer ( v.o. ) ( with a laugh ) we precious local farmer princess insist that she speak to she on the phone . whatever ... she say you should lift she ear and put the receiver underneath . johnny you be on speakerphone . we hear a SNAP as mija snatch the phone from Jennifer . we hear she voice through the speaker . mija ( v.o. ) okja !!! the previously lifeless okja open she eye and leap to she foot upon hearing mija 's voice . okja eeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhh ! !! i/e . moving van , near JFK - evening mija okja - ! be you okay ? we see the JFK terminal grow farther in the rear window . mija practically scream into the phone . Jennifer and the mirando employee cover they ear . okja ( v.o. ) eeeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! !! mija what ? I can not hear you !! int . laboratory - white room johnny slam off the speakerphone . okja cry , say something to mija . when the sound abruptly stop , she begin to shift back and forth nervously . okja 's desperate dance enrage johnny , and he smashes the speakerphone on the floor . okja freeze . johnny wobble over with the biopsy gun in one hand and a semi-translucent iPad in the other . open on the iPad be a app develop by mirando for intra-company use . when johnny take a picture of okja use the app , 3 - D contour appear over the picture along with the name of meat part . 78 . he aim the gun on okja 's back . he pretend to stick the needle in she skin . johnny bang !! sirloin ! okja let out a weak growl . johnny ( cont 'd ) the shank ! oh , yeah ! johnny laugh as he drunkenly sway from side to side . he touch the needle of the biopsy gun . johnny ( cont 'd ) do not worry . you will not die . I be just go to take a bit of you ' meat . ' of course I be not go to eat it . we have ' taster ' for that . ( laugh ) they be a bunch of half - wit degenerate fucktard . he laugh like a madman . okja moan weakly . johnny be lose he mind , partially due to the alcohol but mostly due to he guilt . johnny ( cont 'd ) so ... I be gonna have to poke you in five place . he raise the gun . johnny ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ! johnny become teary - eye . his emotion swing wildly from manic laughter to self - pity sorrow . johnny ( cont 'd ) it 's gonna hurt ! ( sob ) but I can not anesthetize you ! we need to eat you meat ! okja moan . johnny weep uncontrollably , he face a mask of tear and snot . johnny ( cont 'd ) I should not be here . I be a animal lover . everyone know that about I ! and the sick shit Lucy make we do in here . ( more ) 79 . johnny ( cont 'd ) Christ know how many law we be break . it make my stomach -- bang . johnny pull the trigger mid-speech . okja 's leg spasm from the sting . her scream echoe throughout the room . int . somewhere in the laboratory - later a man in a white gown cook meat on several fry pan laid out in a row . each pan be label with a sign : " sirloin , " " rib , " " Boston butt , " etc . each contain three piece of meat . a middle - aged man , a middle - aged woman , and a teenager -— aka the " half - wit degenerate fucktard " - approach with fork . middle - aged man tasty . teenager fuck yeah . middle - aged woman it 's the best I have ever have . the best of the best ! her exclamation be accompany by the sound of trumpet and drum . as upbeat marching band music begin , we ... CUT to : ext . street , manhattan - day a bright afternoon . a enormous Super pig balloon emerge through the building . below the balloon be a banner : ' best of the best ! magical animal Super pig fest ! ' the scene resemble the macy 's Thanksgiving parade . the balloon be pull from below by dozen of man and woman in uniform . they be follow by a marching band and other parade participant . people cheer and take picture - finally a chance to meet the famous Super pig ! int . hallway outside mija' HOTEL suite - day Jennifer and stylist 1 quickly walk down the boutique hotel hallway carry a mirando uniform on a hanger , fluid steadicam follow from behind . Jennifer inspect the uniform , front and back . 80 . jennifer what the hell be this ? we see wild cursive scrawle on the bright uniform . hardly couture . messy . stylist 1 that 's Lucy 's autograph . " design by Lucy mirando . " jennifer she can not get enough of herself , can she ? Jennifer look tired from the week of rigorous event plan , but as soon as she open the hotel room door , she turn she face upside down and return to she usual hyperactive self . jennifer ( cont 'd ) ( brightly ) how 's everyone do ?! people busily mill about in mija 's suite . mija be surround by a makeup artist , hair stylist , and wardrobe stylist 2 and seem to be in some sort of stand - off involve the fanny pack . stylist 2 do you have to wear this thing ? it look super tacky . mija seem to have understand , cling tightly to the fanny pack . mija get lose . I be keep this on . mija 's outburst startles Jennifer and the staff . a white male employee , the translator , try to calm mija in imperfect Korean . translator okay , all right ! it 's okay , it 's okay . you can keep it . Jennifer and the staff regard she nervously . the translator cautiously glance at mija before say ... translator ( cont 'd ) ( to the staff ; quietly ) I think she understand some English . we should watch what we say . 81 . the translator surreptitiously point at the " smile : beginner 's conversation English " book on the table . Jennifer and the staff glance at the book then mija . jennifer ( brightly ) yes , yes , everything be fine ! but you have to wear this . be not this uniform pretty ? it 's a special edition custom - make just for you . look ! the ceo even autograph it . totally rad , right ?! wow ! Jennifer continue to hype it up , but mija be not in the mood . she refuse bluntly . mija no ! I want to see okja first . jennifer mija . sweetheart ! you will meet she on stage in just a few hour ! wearing this very pretty uniform ! think about how dramatic it 'il be . as Jennifer 's speech become more and more impassion , a room service worker enter with a cart and begin put down food . confused chatter : " who order food ? " " look fantastic ! " " just sign for it . " garble voice overwhelm the suite . jennifer ( cont 'd ) okja do not even know you be here . if you show up on stage without tell she , it 's 1ll be such a great surprise ! I be get emotional just think about it ! yay ! mija ( cold ) I do not care . I need to see okja . right now . or I will not cooperate with the event . mija be unrelent . a fatigue come over Jennifer as she listen to the translator . she turn cold . jennifer mija . I do not think you understand this situation . we be the one who have okja . okay ? we be do you a favor . do you get it now ? 82 . mija become nervous . we have never see Jennifer like this before . jennifer ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) you want to go back home with okja , right ? then do as you be tell . otherwise , this be what will happen to okja . Jennifer remove the lid of the room service tray next to she , revealing a deliciously cook pork chop steak . mija be petrify . Jennifer hold out the uniform again . jennifer ( cont 'd ) put it on . mija fearfully take the uniform and go into the suite bedroom . int . bedroom - continuous as soon as she close the slide door , the voice recede into the background , and a vast loneliness overcome she . Dust particle glow in the beam of light fall through the curtain . she sigh as she look at the strangely design uniform . she glimpsis something behind it - a shadow lurking in the corner . mija gasp . the shadow soon reveal himself to be the room service Worker from earlier ... and the room service Worker be subsequently reveal to be jay ! jay shhh ! mija stare at jay , stunne . jay quietly remove a stack of papers from behind he back . short English / Korean word / phrase be write on card the size of a small sketchbook . jay begin to flip through the card in front of mija , kind of like Bob Dylan in he " subterranean homesick blue " video . jay ( cont 'd ) " sorry . ' mija ( mouth ) what ? jay ' for everything . ' 83 . mija silently nod , still nervous . jay ( cont 'd ) ' we will rescue okja from the stage . ' we begin to hear marching band music in the far distance . jay flip the card almost to the beat . jay ( cont 'd ) ' when we do , ' ' don 't , ' ' look back . ' mija , puzzle . jay ( cont 'd ) ' don't ever look , ' ' at the screen , ' ' behind you . ' jay change he expression slightly with each card . jay ( cont 'd ) ' only , ' ' look at okja , ' 'in front of you . ' mija still have not the faintest idea what he 's talk about , but jay 's dead seriousness somehow compel she to nod . jay nod back with a serene smile . he flip the last card over : jay ( cont 'd ) ' a.l.f. love you . ' jay vanish through the curtain . we hear he go down the metal step of the fire escape . mija be leave alone again in the dark bedroom . ext . street , manhattan - day jay casually saunter out of the hotel alley and walk out onto the large street . he change into he suit as he walk and join the Super pig Festival parade happen in the street . among the dozen of people hold the line of the giant okja balloon be silver , disguise as one of the uniform employee . he exchange secret glance with jay , who walk along the sidewalk . Silver give jay a know look as he point up at the balloon , and jay look up as well . mirando event worker distribute sample - Super pig jerky and Super sausage - practically shower the crowd with they . people eat they up enthusiastically . 84 . some of the employee hold the chord of the balloon also dig into the sample , giddy at see the brand new product . Silver become nauseate by the mere sight . a mirando employee march next to he hand he a Super sausage sample . find himself with the most vile junk food make from GM Super Pigs in he hand , Silver turn white like a sheet . conscious of all the mirando eye around , he pretend to eagerly munch on the sausage , but he cannot get past the stench of meat and nearly retch . a skinny middle - aged woman see this and look down at a sample fall on the ground . as she crouch to pick it up , we glimpse a a.l.f. tattoo below she slightly raise shirt . a high school student see the tattoo as he 's walk by and quickly check the surroundings . he seem worried that someone might see the tattoo . as he turn , he bump into a twenty - something woman walk past . a black balaclava drop from he jacket . the High School Student turn pale upon see the drop balaclava . high school student I be so sorry ! the woman just smile and pick up the balaclava for he . as she reach out to give it back , she tug on one side of she jacket , pull it over she t-shirt . the a , L from the word ' alive ' on the t-shirt connect with the F of the word life of the jacket to spell out " a.l.f . " the Student see this and flash a faint smile . he put the balaclava back in he jacket and walk toward the parade . more and more people join the parade under the giant okja balloon . int . dressing room , luxury trailer - day a trailer park behind the stage . Lucy sit in front of the mirror surround by she makeup team . the door open , and Frank enter with a large bouquet . Lucy smile at Frank through the mirror . frank here ! for you ! Frank hand the beautiful flower to Lucy . lucy thank you , Frank . 85 . frank congratulation . 10 year . a extraordinary accomplishment . lucy 10 year , finally come to fruition . Lucy pick up a Super pig jerky sample . lucy ( cont 'd ) they be just delicious . try one . Frank take one from the table and eat it . frank delicious . beautiful . they both munch in silence for a few moment . a proud moment share - they crown achievement realize . Lucy smell the flower . lucy they be beautiful . you taste be impeccable as always . frank ( laugh awkwardly ) the flower be not actually from I ... lucy oh ? Frank hesitates . Lucy 's face darken . she stare at Frank . Frank give a look to the makeup team . they leave . lucy ( cont 'd ) they be from Nancy ? frank yes . Nancy 's here . not in London . lucy in New York ? fuck , Frank ! frank she 's actually be here for a while . Lucy become fretful , glance involuntarily around the trailer . 86 . lucy ( hiss ) I tell you to keep she away . she frighten people . frank ( smile ) you frighten people too , Lucy . lucy she really frighten people . she remind everyone of dad . Lucy try not to show it , but she panic level be rise fast . lucy ( cont 'd ) this be mine ! my project ! frank she just want to support you on you big day . it 's what we all want . lucy support ? oh , yeah , right ... Lucy quietly regards Frank 's eye . she be now beyond panic , actually rather calm . the marching band music , which have remain in the background so far , become loud as it arrive in front of the trailer . the trailer thump with the sound of drum . ext . outdoor stage - continuous the march band reach a climax as the enormous inflatable super pig float above the stage . the crowd goe wild as johnny jump up excitedly on the stage . he swing he arm wildly , act like he 's conduct the orchestra . johnny bring he performance to a end with a dramatic snap . the march band stop play at the exact moment . a brief moment of silence before the crowd erupt in applause . johnny snatch up the microphone and yell into it like a rock star . johnny magical , magical ... crowd animal !!! 87 . the crowd be familiar with the drill . johnny now everyone know Dr. johnny can not stand anything boring . crowd yeah !! johnny have I ever give you a boring show ? crowd nooo !! int . abandoned build - continuous Red sit cross -legge on the floor , construct some weird mechanical device . she stand and look out of the window . red' Pov : a little distance off , johnny be on stage , amp up the crowd . the Super pig balloon hover above the stage . johnny 's voice boom throughout the plaza . ext . outdoor stage - continuous johnny ten year ago twenty - six farmer from land far away be each give one magical super piglet . this year I meet each of this twenty - six wonderful people ... on the large screen behind johnny , we see a video montage of johnny meeting fully grow Super Pigs and they farmer in picture perfect setting - New Zealand , Sweden , South Korea , Italy ... johnny ( cont 'd ) «+.to decide which Super pig would have the honor of be invite to this prestigious occasion . ( beat ) be you ready to meet the winner of the contest ? the best Super pig on the face of this earth ? the best of the best ? crowd yeah ! 88. johnny be you ready ? crowd yeah ! johnny well I be afraid you be go to have to meet someone else first ! the crowd boos good - naturedly . johnny ( cont 'd ) be not that always the way ? before you meet the talent , you gotta meet the suit ! johnny do a theatrical yawn . the crowd laugh . johnny ( cont 'd ) just kid ! she 's a amazing little lady and the brain behind this whole Super pig project ! so please put you hand together for the one , the only , luuucy mirandoooooo ! applause . Lucy gracefully strut onto the stage , mock - wag she finger at johnny . lucy ( laugh , into the microphone ) oh johnny ! you be skate on thin ice ! do not fall through and drow ! i/e. LED multi - screen - continuous we see a gray eye peek through a small hole . blond ( mock johnny ) luuucy -- mirandoooooo -- blond be crouch inside the enclose space behind the multi - screen , among various electric line and AV cable . concentrate hard , he connect a hdmi cable to he laptop and do a equipment check . 89 . ext . outdoor stage - continuous lucy do not worry ! I be not here to bore you with some corporate speech . I be here to introduce you to a real superstar ! maybe you have already see this amazing little girl on you tube enjoy a shopping trip in Seoul ! the audience laugh . johnny I wonder what she buy ?! maybe some oinkment ! or maybe a dvd . jurassic pork ? or a copy of pork illustrate ! if she do , I hope she do not hog it ! I want a look at the swimwear model myself !! the audience and Lucy groan . Lucy put up she hand to shush everyone . lucy so let 's all welcome a extraordinary young girl ! acoustic indie music play through the loudspeaker . lucy ( cont 'd ) a local farmer who raise she Super pig in wild and beautiful nature with more love than I could have ever ask for . with a loud whir , the barrel - like lift contain mija begin to rise . mija 's nervous face peek over the stage . lucy ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the fearless pig rider from all the way across the globe ! please welcome , miiii - jaaaaaaa -! mija turn bright red upon see the cheer crowd . she wave at they with a awkward smile . but she keep she focus . mija 's eye suddenly widen . she see okja approach the stage on a parade float . lucy ( cont 'd ) and here she be ! we ultimate Super pig ! okjaaaa ! 90 . the crowd cheer as they turn around . okja stand atop a parade float decorate with tree and flower . she feed on the real grass cover the top of the float as it approach slowly . mija cup she hand around she mouth and yell , mija okja ! mija wave she arm wildly , but okja do not look up . she merely continue to chomp on the grass . lucy separate by a cruel twist of fate , okja and mija ! best friend forever , reunite by the mirando company ! the mirando event staff begin to penetrate the crowd in a single file . once they have thread through , they divide the crowd to make a path . it be almost like the parting of the Red Sea . the parade float enter the path and proceed toward mija . jay stand among the crowd . he look up at mija and scan the surroundings , on high alert . mija okja , it 's I ! ( sob ) I come for you ! Jennifer stand below the stage eagerly await the dramatic reunion . jennifer 3...2...1... okja be now only a few foot away from mija , but she still do not look up . she continue to mindlessly chew on the grass . the crowd begin to stir , and Lucy become nervous . finally , mija jump at okja and grab she face . mija okja ... what 's wrong ? okja shake she head from side to side like she have a tic . mija lift up okja 's drooped eyelid . mija ( cont 'd ) aaahh ! ! 91 . the crowd hold they breath . silence spread throughout the plaza . close on okja 's eye . they resemble shark eye . no focus , no soul . both eye be completely saturate blood-re . mija ( cont 'd ) what do you do to my okja ..? buzz . pierce static noise as the LED multi-screen lose its picture . the clip of local farmer in vast , unadulterate nature disappear from the screen . jay pick up he cell phone as he stand amidst the confuse crowd . jay ( in a small voice ) hurry up ! now ! int . LED multi - screen - continuous blond okay , okay . ( grumble to himself ) this be like the most advanced hack ever endeavor . blond unplug the cable from the monitor 's hdmi port and hold it in he mouth . he plug in the hdmi cable connect to he laptop instead . ext . LED multi - screen , stage - continuous buzz . the secretly film footage of the mirando laboratory appear on the screen . we see horrendously deform gmo piglet scream in pain , fear . okja suddenly squeal and spasm uncontrollably . lucy what the hell be go on ?! mija try to calm okja . mija can sense that something horrific be be show on the screen behind she , but she never turn around - just as she be tell by jay . the crowd scream and shout in horror and anger at what they be see on the screen . the highlight be when the drunk and pathetic Dr. johnny tell okja : 92 . johnny ... the sick shit Lucy make we do in here . Christ know how many law we be break . it make my stomach bang . johnny pull the biopsy gun trigger mid-speech . blond have looped that dreadful moment so it play on the giant LED screen over and over . johnny and Lucy stare at the screen , at a loss . audience member shout in FURY , throw bottle and can in they direction . lucy turn it off ! johnny 's brain whir . what can he possibly do to rescue he reputation ? he approach the microphone . johnny ( with as much sincerity as he can muster ) I promise - no , I pledge - to learn from this . johnny 's face be a picture of humility . he gulp . a beat . then a soda can hit he straight between the eye . int . abandoned build - continuous Red casually smoke a cigarette as watch the plaza below descend into further pandemonium . she take the cigarette and carefully bring it to the fuse on top of the diy bazooka . she watch the crackling fuse slowly disappear . ext . LED multi - screen , stage - continuous a loud boom . a mortar be fire from the nearby abandon building . the handmade bomb fly across the air leave a wake of white baking powder . it hit the Super pig balloon smack in the middle . people scream as the balloon pop . when it do , flier and print-out that be hide inside the balloon pour out onto the street . as soon as the mortar fire , jay put on he balaclava . the other a.l.f. member disperse throughout the crowd do the same . soon the plaza be cover by a sea of black head . 93 . they vastly outnumber the nypd officer and mirando event staff . Lucy begin to panic . the puncture balloon begin to shoot around wildly , and Silver pull on the chord with all he strength to steer it toward the crowd . because of he gaunt frame , he be steer by the balloon instead , lift up and sideways like a marionette on string . still he somehow manage to keep the balloon on course , and the flier fall over the crowd like snow on a open field . provocative title : " the Ugly Truth behind the mirando Super pig Project ! " " mirando : criminal . abuser . " the angry crowd run over to pick up the printout . as they do , we hear blond 's voice through the speaker . int . LED multi - screen - continuous blond ( v.o. ) ( mimick a BBC anchor ) for more detail and shocking proof of mirando 's crime against human and animal , go to you tube and search ' mirando be fucked ' . again . go to you tube and search ' mirando be F , U , C , k , E , D ' . blond repeat the phrase like a automated machine , comically crouch in the narrow space among machine and circuitry . ext . LED multi - screen , stage - continuous unfold before we be the biggest a.l.f. demonstration in history . they have completely take over the plaza . jay jump on the stage , necktie heroically flap in the air . he lift he balaclava slightly and show mija he face . jay let 's get okja out of here . mija be too busy try to calm okja , who squeal and thrashes at the increase confusion around she . mija try she best to connect , but the red-ey okja be still unresponsive . int . nearby upscale restaurant - day Frank look down at the chaos from the second story window . 94 , frank I do not think we have a choice , Nancy . you have to go out there . nancy ( 0.s. ) you do not say . the voice be familiar . nancy mirando click she high heel into the frame . we see she from behind as she walk to Frank 's side and look down at the situation unfold in the plaza . nancy ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) what a clusterfuck . she let out a long sigh . nancy ( cont 'd ) let 's get private security in there . frank Black chalk ? nancy yes . Frank dial on he cell phone as he walk out of the frame . we see the hell that have break loose in front of Nancy . ext . stage - continuous Big a.l.f. member jump at okja to subdue she , but they be instantly throw off by she violent thrashing . mija sprint toward the wild and unruly okja . she leap onto okja 's face and try to hug she , but okja bite on she arm . mija let out a horrible scream . jay and the a.l.f. member do not know what to do as they watch the red-ey okja clamp down on mija 's blood -drip arm . jay pick up a microphone stand . he be about to stab okja in the mouth when ... mija no ! mija stop jay with she other arm . she look up at okja , bite down the bone-crush pain . okja 's eye be still red , lose . she growl as she shake she head from side to side , nearly tear off mija 's arm . in spite of the horrible pain , mija put on a peaceful face . she smile and begin caress okja 's face with she free hand . 95 . mija ( cont 'd ) okja ... okja let out a weak growl . mija ( cont 'd ) it 's okay ... okja 's violent motion slowly subside . the crowd watch closely . mija ( cont 'd ) tree ... the tree ... mija' Pov , as she lie on the stage : we see Manhattan skyscraper pierce the sky . no tree . the blue sky behind okja 's face , however , be the same blue sky we see back in the mountain . mija ( cont 'd ) Cloud ... the blue sky ... mija whisper as she caress okja 's face . she have completely forget about the pain , she face more peaceful than ever . okja 's breathe become more even . the violent activity in the plaza become a meaningless blur to mija and okja as they gaze at each other . the police fight the a.l.f. , the angry crowd scream at johnny and Lucy - we barely notice it now . the red subside from okja 's eye . her face return to the gentle , innocent okja we know . she belatedly come to and fret over what she have do . she lick the blood off mija 's arm . jay' Pov : behind the crowd , we see a black semi-trailer truck rush toward the plaza . at jay 's signal , the a.l.f. crew begin move in organize fashion . they fight off police and crowd member and create a path for the semi to approach mija and okja . jay we driver have arrive ! at that moment , a large steel - enforce vehicle appear at the intersection and crash into the a.l.f. semi , force it off the road and into a nearby street lamp . the steel surface be unpaint , make it look all the more intimidating . mercenary in special op uniform rush out from the back . the uniform be mark with the name ' black chalk - private Security company . ' other Black chalk car arrive from all direction . soon they surround the entire plaza . 96 . the specially - train mercenary attack and subdue the a.l.f. member with a unexpected technique . every method they utilize be design to look to the Manhattan passer - by like no big deal - just a apparently gentle arm -lock or little dig at a pressure point or underneath a finger nail . but close - up it 's clear they be inflict incredible pain on the a.l.f . this be brilliant martial - art technique - it be violence so discreet the onlooker be oblivious to it . the scream of the a.l.f. member seem incongruous and pathetic as a result . a man in a sharp suit emerge from the steel - enforce vehicle and walk over to the nypd commanding officer . he hand the officer a stack of document . sharp suit we be Black chalk - a private Security company . we have just sign a contract with Nancy mirando of the mirando company . nypd commanding officer okay ? sharp suit here be info about we team of attorney . we be restrain the demonstrator because they be hinder we client 's business and destroy she property . as you can see we be not use excessive force . a.l.f. member scream in front of jay as they be be subdued by the mercenary . jay 's heart break at the sight , but he force himself to turn away . he climb off the stage and run away as fast as he can with mija and okja in tow . a few a.l.f. member follow to protect they , include Red and blond and Silver . Black chalk mercenary quickly give chase . ext . below the stage - day Lucy - in hiding - watch the chaos unfold . her shock have subside and she 's rather calm . she take out a cigarette and look for a lighter but can not find one . Nancy mirando enter the frame with a lighter and light Lucy 's cigarette . we still only see Nancy from behind . lucy you know this would happen of course , Nancy . 97 . nancy not at all . lucy well . good luck with clean up my mess . Lucy be act calm , but she 's bereft . Nancy squeeze Lucy 's shoulder . lucy ( cont 'd ) for a while back then I forget I be a fuck loser , nance . nancy oh , luce . dad should never have do and say that thing to you . but why rebel against he legacy so ridiculously ? we see Nancy 's face for the first time . she look exactly like Lucy . identical twin . nancy ( cont 'd ) I mean , dad be a terrible man . but he be fuck good at business . Nancy take out a cigarette and try to light it , but the lighter will not work . she light it from the burn part of Lucy 's cigarette . the two sister look like a symmetrical decalcomania print as they stand face to face with they cigarettes touch . we see Frank approach in the background . nancy ( cont 'd ) do not worry about you apology speech . I will pretend to be you in front of the press . Nancy smile at Lucy - a in - joke between identical twin . lucy ( scoff ) fuck off . nancy but you 's 1ll need to do you own jail time . Lucy laugh . then she stop laugh . Nancy be not kid . lucy jail !?! because of that lab footage ?? who care ? it 's just some ... nancy «+. just some animal cruelty . I know . if you can even call they animal . Nancy shiver . nancy ( cont ’d ) but we attorney will be way too busy to help you out of this one . we see a team of nypd officer approach Lucy . Nancy do not look behind she . she know Frank be there . nancy ( cont ’d ) Frank , I want to get start on this asap . do you have a pen and a pad ? frank of course . Frank take out he note pad . nancy the demonstrator . we ’1ll put they all in jail . put together a team for a criminal lawsuit . frank sure . Frank and Nancy move to one side to allow the nypd officer to surround Lucy . she disappear amongst they . nancy we will drastically cut down the promotional budget . we will use the money we save on marketing to lobby Congress and pay off the Federal commission . int . alley - continuous Nancy 's terse , chill order continue in voice - over as we see okja , mija , jay and the a.l.f. member run through the alley . we only hear Nancy and Frank 's voice . 99 . frank ( v.o. ) what about spend some of the money on media damage control ? nancy ( v.o. ) no point . they will hate we for a bit and then they will forget . we will get production start right away . we already have fda approval , correct ? frank ( v.o. ) yes . but I be not sure how the customer will react after today . nancy ( v.o. ) if it 's cheap , they will eat it . I guarantee early sale will be high . the Black chalk mercenary catch up with the a.l.f. member guard okja and mija . the mercenary scan the area and -— see the coast be clear of onlooker - viciously bludgeon they . blond fall to the ground . we see a mercenary stand over Red . she look up at he with disdain . mercenary slut . the mercenary kick she in the stomach . we see Silver push violently against a wall . with he slight frame , Silver be easy to take down , but the mercenary act with extreme force anyway . as Silver lie on the ground , about to lose consciousness , he spot a woman and she little dog - bystander who have somehow find themselves catch up in this terrifying situation . Silver 's Pov : the woman look petrify . but the adorable little dog have its tongue out , almost like it 's smile at Silver . the little dog 's smile face be Silver 's last sight before he lose consciousness . mija clutches she bloody arm as she run away . she look to the side and see even more Black chalk mercenary approach from a different route . one aim a large net gun at okja. 100 . nancy ( v.o. ) tell the factory to start production tonight and begin supplying to supermarket , hotel , and butcher shop asap . boom . the fire net immediately cling to okja . she trip on the net and tumble . she become further entangle as she roll on the ground . mija run over to okja . jay turn toward she as well . mija and jay try to untangle okja . the mercenary come over and begin to beat jay . the charismatic jay go down instantly - without put up any fight . he be take apart . nancy ( v.o. ) shut down the laboratory . put all the animal we have into production . we will go to the production facility tonight for a inspection . put all the exec on call . even the one on vacation . okja scream through the net as she 's drag into the Black chalk vehicle . mija roll helplessly on the ground , barely conscious . the mercenary put jay on he knee and pull he arm back . a loud honk . the a.l.f. truck career into the alley . we can not tell who 's drive . while the mercenary be distract by the oncoming truck , jay run over to mija and roll she out of the way just in time . the a.l.f. truck charge on , scatter the mercenary out of its way . jay help the bloody mija to she foot and take she to the next block , where the a.l.f. truck meet they after round the corner . they use the last of they strength to climb into it . int . cab , black semi - day / evening / night jay lay the barely conscious mija in the passenger seat . he 's exhaust and cover in blood . the driver take off he balaclava . it 's k ! k be you okay ? 101 . jay k ? what be you ...? jay sink in he seat . k show he a new tattoo on he arm : ' translation be Sacred . ' jay do not have the energy to respond to the ridiculous tattoo . jay ( cont 'd ) okja ... we need to hurry ... the brutal beat have take a toll . jay 's focus go in and out . he 's lose a lot of blood . jay ( cont 'd ) okja ... mija be also barely conscious . she 's lose blood fast from the wound on she arm . fade to black : we hear music . rhythmic , like a heartbeat . we see mija' blurry Pov as she fade in and out of consciousness . fade in : a blood -re sunset outside the window . the semi screech to a stop and a iranian man hop on , carry a medical bag . he bicker with k , make big arm gesture , as he remove syringe from he bag . fade to black : fade in : the sky be dark . Street lamp pass by . mija turn she head . the iranian man stitches jay 's forehead with great concentration . he look nervous . the procedure be illuminate by a flashlight between he lip . a iv bottle feed into mija 's arm dangle precariously in the move truck . fade to black : fade in : still night , still inside the move semi . the iranian man be go . mija 's wound be bandage . k be drive , talk on the phone , he back to we . jay have regain consciousness . he 's sit up , yell at k , but we can not hear what he 's say . a huge truck blast by in the opposite lane with a deafen noise . 102 . at that moment , all sound come rush back to mija - the roaring wind , the growl engine , jay and k 's shouting . jay ( cont 'd ) be you sure ? k yeah ! it have to be true . jay look conflict . he see that mija be awake and turn to she . jay be you okay ? mija yes . k turn he head slightly . he translate in a rigid , formal tone , sit upright and tightly grip the steering wheel . mija ( cont 'd ) where be we go ? jay and k look at each other . they hesitate . jay we be go to okja . mija really ? jay ( nod ) yes but ... you should know that the situation ... it 's not good . I be sorry . mija become scared . she do not even want to ask . jay think before ask ... jay ( cont 'd ) what 's the Black chalk response time after we infiltrate ? k six , seven minute at best . k floor the pedal , accelerate further . the music become faster , like a heartbeat fuel by adrenaline . the truck begin to shake as it enter a dirt road . 103 . jay be it even possible to do it in seven minute ? mija do what ? the truck pull a abrupt turn . even amidst the shaking and the cloud of dirt from the road jay maintain he calm gaze . jay sorry . we be go to need you help . mija ( annoy by jay 's oblique comment ) my help with what ? k abruptly stop the truck . jay and mija and k climb / tumble out into ... ... a vast feedyard . jay helping we find okja ! mija gasp at the sight before she . the field and the nearby hill be densely pack with thousand , no , ten of thousand of Super Pigs . stand atop the hill be a factory - type slaughterhouse ... ext . feedyard - night mija okja ! mija , jay and k split up and run in different direction through the field shouting okja 's name - small dot in the vast field fill with countless Super Pigs , all with the same face . soon they be far away from each other . k ( Calling ) okja ! suddenly k come face to face with a old security guard . the man rush k , and k knock he to the ground as politely as he can . k see the fall Security Guard call for help on he phone . he look at he watch . 104 . k ( cont 'd ) shit . k quickly telephone jay - who be somewhere far across the field . k ( cont 'd ) Seven minute . start now . jay damn. ( Calling ) okja !! mija shout okja 's name as she run , even louder than jay . she suddenly stop when she hear a low growl . be it okja ? a hallucination ? she turn toward the sound to find ... .»+- a long line of pig march into the entrance of the slaughterhouse , silhouett by the bright light from inside . a solemn death march . mija ( mumble to herself ) okja ... the pig at the top of the line turn toward mija , cry desperately . mija ( cont 'd ) it 's okja ! mija quickly look for jay and k , but they be too far away . there 's no time . she have to do this alone . mija run as fast as she can toward the slaughterhouse . okja see she and cry harder , but she be shove further down the line into the slaughterhouse . k see okja and call after jay , who turn and begin run toward okja with k . a worker at the entrance give okja 's bottom a jolt with a taser . Quick and efficient , a everyday routine . okja start walk again . she enter the slaughterhouse . mija ( cont 'd ) no !! do not go inside !! mija 's voice be overwhelm by the machinery noise come from the slaughterhouse . she see a employee 's entrance 40 metre from the door okja walk into . she hurry towards it . 105 . int . slaughterhouse - night mija enter the ' factory of death ' . the structure be labyrinthine , and she have no idea where to go . she 's consume by shock and fear . the humidity , the revolting smell , the deafen noise , the slick , blood -cover floor . a traumatic sight for a girl who grow up in the mountain . various slab of meat hang from metal hook move steadily along the aerial conveyor system . instinctively , she run in the opposite direction of the movement . worker wear large noise - block earmuff stand along the conveyor system and go about they job . they look at mija with some curiosity , but return to they work . they be unable to leave the ever-move production line . mija finally arrive at the stun box - aka the execution box . she see a Super pig be force into the box . its head be firmly fitte into a hole in the front . a young hispanic worker aim a large bolt gun at its forehead and prepare to shoot when he see mija run toward he . he briefly hesitates but soon return he attention to he task . close on mija 's face . we hear a bang . the worker have evidently pull the trigger . mija be too horrify to even scream . mija freeze after witness the execution in all its gruesome reality . the next Super pig be lead into the stun box . it 's okja . mija ( a tremble voice ) okja ... mija go blank , completely petrify . she look straight at okja , whose head be be thread through the ' hole of death . ' mija ( cont 'd ) it 's okay ... okja seem to know that death be imminent . she desperately try to free she head . she look up at mija with tear - fill eye . mija ( cont 'd ) because ... mija 's voice tremble . the Hispanic Worker look at mija as he reload the bolt gun . he do not know who the hell this girl be or why she 's here . he just carry on with he work . 106 . mija ( cont 'd ) even this man ... with he eye still on mija , the Hispanic Worker aim the bolt gun at okja 's forehead . okja close she eye when she feel the cold barrel of the bolt gun on she forehead . tear fall . mija look into the Worker 's eye . mija ( cont 'd ) -.- he do not want to do this . mija raise she hand at the worker . ' hold on . ' she reach into she back pocket with she other hand . for some reason , the Hispanic Worker be compel to hold back from pull the trigger . he look into mija 's eye . mija remove a photograph from she back pocket . she show it to the Worker . it 's one of the photo from mija 's room . 10 - year - old mija tightly hugging okja . the Hispanic Worker squint at the photo , he bolt gun still train on okja 's forehead . the production line become back up , and the alarm begin to sound . Red light flash throughout the slaughterhouse . close on the Hispanic Worker 's ambiguous expression . he point at the photo mija be hold - ' that pig ...' - and then point at okja - '... be this pig ? ' mija nod quietly . the Hispanic Worker freeze . the finger around the trigger tremble lightly . just then jay and k arrive , out of breath . they stop next to mija . okja stay absolutely still with she mouth fiercely clamp and eye close . suddenly ... a loud metallic creak . the large stun box lean to the side . we see the Hispanic Worker hold down the button . okja , still alive , slide onto the conveyor belt below . mija 's leg give in and she fall on she knee . she embrace okja 's head . her arm continue to shake . the Hispanic Worker look down at they with a heavy heart . but he soon break out of he lull and return to work like nothing happen . he bring in the next pig . the alarm and the red light stop - the production line be back to normal . 107 . mija sob as she watch the continue death march . k hurry over and help mija onto she foot . jay lead the group toward the exit . as they round the corner ... nancy be this what cause the alarm ? frank I believe so . «+. they come face to face with Nancy and a dozen mirando executive , perform a inspection of the facility . we see Black chalk mercenary arrive at the entrance and run toward okja . nancy I be staggered that security be so lax some hooligan be able to stop we entire production line , even for a second . frank it will not happen again . please note that Black chalk be here exactly on time . Seven minute after Security telephone they . while all the executive look down at they watch , Black chalk mercenary quickly surround mija and the gang . one of the mercenary discover k 's a.l.f. tattoo as he restrain he with a plasticuff . he treat jay and k even more violently upon realize who they be . mija glare at Nancy . nancy be not this Lucy 's beloved ' fearless pig Rider ? ' frank she be . and that would be we best Super pig . nancy what 's it do out here ? it should be on a meat hook . tension fill the room . mija carefully breach the silence . she speak in English . mija I wanna go home , with okja . mija say each word slowly and clearly . 108 . nancy no . it 's my property . mija be not sure what Nancy be say but continue to stare straight into she eye . mija why you want to kill okja ? nancy we can only sell the dead one . jay bark at Nancy with he hand cuffed . jay you should be ashamed of yourself . nancy quite the opposite . we be pretty proud of we accomplishment . k psychopath . nancy no . we be hardwork business people . and we have get it down to a art . well , a science . Nancy point at specific part of a Super pig carcass dangle on a hook behind she . nancy ( cont 'd ) there 's the tenderloin . for the sophisticated restaurant ! mexican love the foot . I know ! go figure ! we all love the face and the anus . they're american as apple pie ! hot dog ! it 's all edible . everything but the squeal ! will I go on ? no. I will not go on . Frank gesture to the Black chalk mercenary . they grab jay and k by they arm and begin to pull they out . jay turn to Nancy as he 's be drag out . jay you be Nancy mirando , be not you ? Nancy glance at jay , curious . she raise she hand at the Black chalks to hold . 109 . nancy and you be ? jay let mija and okja go . nancy why ? k you already have shitload of money . nancy ( genuinely baffle ) but this be business . jay ( quietly ) I hold all creature dear to my heart Nancy but ... you be cry out to be a exception . Nancy scoff . the Black chalk mercenary violently drag jay and k out of the slaughterhouse . Frank give a signal to the manager , who in turn signal he employee . the worker run over and drag okja toward the stun box . mija wait ! mija 's voice boom throughout the slaughterhouse . she zip open she ridiculous fanny pack and reach inside . she take out the shiny gold pig that hee bong give she . mija hold up the gold pig . mija ( cont 'd ) I wanna buy okja ! alive ! Nancy look at the gold pig , amused . the little girl be impressive . mija push the gold pig toward Nancy . it glide across the slick , blood - cover floor and stop at Nancy 's foot . Frank take out he handkerchief and wipe the blood off as he pick it up . Nancy pick up the gold pig and study it carefully . she give it a quick bite with she front tooth . a strange , grotesque expression appear on she face . she wince at the linger smell of blood before quietly gaze at mija . nancy ( to Frank ) we have a customer ! 110 . Frank look back and forth between Nancy and mija , he facial expression peculiar . nancy ( cont 'd ) this be worth a lot of money ! make sure the girl get home safely . the first ever buyer of a mirando Super pig ! ( happily , to mija ) congratulation on you purchase ! Frank call one of the Black chalks and deliver a few instruction . Nancy turn around and continue she inspection with the executive . mija finally unclench she fist , which she would be nervously squeezing the entire time . once the tension lift , she chest swell with a mixture of emotion . ext . feed - yard - night two Black chalk mercenary lead mija and okja across the expansive feed - yard . mija look back and see the line of pig march into the slaughterhouse . the death march look even sadder under the beautiful light of the moon . mija 's heart be heavy as she leave the rest of the pig behind . the pig inside the fence watch okja enviously as she leave . two Super Pigs walk along the fence and begin follow okja . mija and okja look at they curiously , soon notice something between the two adult pig - a small piglet , they baby . the mother pig push the baby through the fence with she snout . the piglet be small enough to fit through the wire , but it kick and squirm and refuse to separate from its parent . the mother stubbornly shove it through the fence . mija realize what the mother be try to do . she quickly herd the piglet under okja 's belly and look at the two Black chalk mercenary walk ahead . they be too immerse in they conversation to notice . the baby pig keep look back as it tread along under the cover of okja 's belly . its mother and father poke they head over the fence and let out a heartfelt squeal - a goodbye . as they do , other super pig notice the baby escapee and begin squealing as well . they cry spread , until all the super pig in the feedyard have join in - a cacophony of sorrow , but also of defiance and celebration . the Black chalks look around dumbfounded . as they do the cry reach a crescendo , and one of the pig begin pooping . 111 . and then thousand do . thousands of super pig shoot poop out of they behind like firework - a bizarre and miraculous act of rebellion . a celebration of life . mija continue walk , a brave smile , she eye moist . okja carefully traipse along , mind the piglet underneath like she own . i/e. mirando truck - night Inside the move truck . mija sit inside the cargo area . we follow she gaze to find okja sleep in front of she , exhaust from she ordeal . okja open she mouth to yawn , and we see the tiny piglet peek out from underneath okja 's huge slab of a tongue . when mija reach out she hand , the piglet crawl out and jump into she arm . okja do not even notice that the baby be go . she continue to sleep , gently rock by the move truck . the truck travel along the dark road . ext . wood - day close on mija 's face as she sleep . fragment of light fall through the leave and flicker on she face . mija open she eye at the sound of bird chirping . she look down at she belly where the piglet have fall asleep with she face down . mija gently run she hand over the piglet 's body . mija , in turn , be lie on top of the sleep okja . a tower of body : okja - mija - the piglet . a gentle breeze blow from the wood . the piglet shift in she sleep and fall off mija onto the grass . she look around , daze , before find a place underneath okja 's ear and return to sleep . the wood , the sun , the breeze . peace be all around . with she eye close , okja flap she ear and create a gentle breeze for the piglet . lying on okja 's back , mija look up at the tree and the blue sky . ext . mija' house - late afternoon hee bong set up a early dinner on the table outside . he walk back and forth between the kitchen and the front yard carry vegetable and boil egg and other side dish to the table . chicken leisurely roam the yard . hee bong smell the boil potato in he hand as he bring it to the table . 112 . okja and mija enter the frame and pass the yard toward the shed . okja suddenly stop and look into the camera . she stare for a while before she be drag into the shed by mija . the piglet come in late . she run around the yard kick up dust and scare the chicken . hee bong walk out into the dusty yard with two bowl of rice and utensil . hee bong mija ! mija ( 0.s. ) I be here ! hee bong sit at the table . he shout toward the shed . hee bong hurry up ! the food 's get cold ! mija ( 0.s. ) come ! hee bong wait . he pick up the green soju bottle next to the table and peer into it . a tiny bit be leave on the bottom . hee bong can not hold he hunger any longer . as he pick up the spoon and dig into the rice ... the end end credit begin with lively music . as the credit of the key crew appear one by one , we CUT to the exterior of a prison all the way across the globe , somewhere on the East Coast of the US . ext . prison gate - day Bright sunlight greet jay as he exit the penitentiary . we can tell from he hair and beard that he be inside for at least a year or two . k welcome jay , offer he a cigarette . k ( grin ) you be sure you do not want to get some rest first ? I mean you only just get out ... jay smile without answer . as a bus swooshes into frame and block we view , we ... CUT to : 113. int . bus - day the bus speed through city street . jay 's face fill the foreground . he look back at the seat behind he to see ... Red , blond , Silver scattered around the bus . they each greet he with a know glance or a slight hand gesture . Silver look healthy , rejuvenate . k enter the frame and sit next to jay . k ( quietly ) it 's go to be big . record - break . a lot of folk have fly in from the Midwest and Canada . jay great . k oh , I want to introduce you to a new member . when k wave , a small asian man enter the frame . we recognize he as kim - the ex - mirando truck driver . he shake hand with jay and return to he seat in the back . k ( cont 'd ) he run ' mirandoisfucked.com ' . just arrive here from Seoul . Kim sit between Red and blond and chatter incessantly like a little bird . k ( cont 'd ) he 's a chatty one ... jay smile and open he bag to remove a black balaclava . k give a signal to the other member , and they all take out they balaclavas . the sound of drum and march band music grow louder as the demonstration site approach . jay I be guess most of the mirando big wig will be there . k of course . include Nancy . jay flash a slick smile as he put on he balaclava . the other member don theirs as well . the remain passenger take out balaclavas too , revealing themselves to be a.l.f. member . a sea of black all around . 114 . the only people without balaclavas be two old lady who look around with befuddle look . the bus loudly rumble through the bright sunlight , and the music from the festival reach a crescendo . as the music continue , the remain credit begin to crawl over black .