oldboy by ernesto M. foronda & fabian Marquez base on the Movie by chak woon Park April 21 , 2005 fade in : close on : a doll face . beautiful and delicate , yet freeze ina perpetual expression of melancholy . reveal : int . the ladybug shoppe - night a trendy store catering to young girl . a attractive clerk , chloe ( 19 ) , close up , flipping the ' open 's sign to ' close 's . outside , the sound of a man , half - hum , half - sing , can be hear get closer . a barely recognizable version of '' climb every Mountain '' from '' the sound of Music . '' man ( 0.s. ) ... ford every stream , follow every rainbow , till you find you dream . Chloe wipe down the display case with windex . the sing abruptly stop . knock-knock-knock ! startle , Chloe look over to see someone bang on the glass . a man in he twenty wear a wrinkle suit . this be gus . chloe sorry we be close . gus wait , it 's my daughter 's birthday . I need a gift . Chloe ignore he , keep clean . Gus dig in he wallet , take out a photo of a cute baby , press it up against the glass . gus ( cont 'd ) C ’mon look at that face . who smile like that anymore ? Chloe look , warming slightly . gus ( cont 'd ) I just work a eighty hour week for that smile . now I do not even have a birthday present . he 's start to win she over . gus five minute , I promise . she unlock , let he in . bell ring on the door chloe five minute . as he enter the store , Chloe get a whiff of alcohol . Gus wander the aisle , swim in choice . he look confuse , and a little tipsy , no idea where to even begin . gus what do girl want at this age ? chloe how old be she ? gus one. chloe I see . well for that age ... she step towards he search the merchandise . he let she take over , rely on she expertise . chloe it 's not so much what she want , but what she 'il have to remember . Gus follow closely as she continue the search - gus I try to come earlier , but work be a killer . close the biggest account of my life today . ever hear of the buick Le sabre ? chloe no. gus you will . ( sing ) '' Le beauty . Le power. Le sabre ! '' chloe my dad drive a buick . gus well , this be not you dad 's buick everyone 's gonna want one . chloe so you come up with they slogan ? gus slogan , song , the whole campaign . all I . and I fuck close it . they buy it in the room . in the room ! his enthusiasm be infectious . Chloe vibe off he energy . gus greatest day of my life ! chloe wow ! you should be celebrate . gus I be . everyone 's next door at Franklin 's . ( mood darken ) but , you know , my wife ... she hate the hour . hate what I do . make it kinda hard sometimes , keep the two world separate . his infectious smile have fade and Chloe catch herself gaze into Gus 's melancholy eye . she blushes once again before look off , clear she throat - chloe I think I know just what you want . Chloe walk around to a display case and produce a pair of delicate angel wing . Chloe take off she sweater reveal she curvaceous body , and model the wing for Gus . his face light up and for a moment it 's as if this two people be no longer stranger . chloe I know you have like they . gus how much ? ( as she look for the tag ) never mind , I x11 take they . Chloe take off the wing . gus thank you very much . most people would not have open that door . chloe sure they would have . gus not this day , with the ' I generation 's and all . you know you can tell more about a person from how they interact with total stranger than with they close friend . means you have a good heart . that 's rare , hold onto it . Chloe blushes , barely conceal a flatter smile . he hold she in he gaze and for some reason she can not look away , unable to move . Gus take a step closer , a confident look on he face . she yield to he . be this a kiss ? knock-knock ! Chloe and Gus look over to see a man and woman . this be mike and gretchen . they be both stumbling drunk . mike there you be ! come on , gretchen find a girl for you . gretchen she do not speak a word of English . you can talk about the buick deal all night . Mike and gretchen both crack up like it 's the chappelle show . mike ( rattling the door ) what be you buy ? let I in ! gus I 'il be right out . mike Fine . Mike and gretchen disappear , cracking up again as they go . gus sorry , they get a little crazy when they be drunk . Chloe have cool noticeably , now ringing up the wing . Gus put it on he credit card . she hand he the bag . chloe I hope you daughter enjoy it Gus take the bag , look at Chloe with a serious expression . gus listen ...can I buy you a drink ? she shake she head ' no’ , a gracious smile on she lip . chloe good night . gus night . Gus exit the store . through the window we see he get tackle by drunken Mike as gretchen cackle like a hyena . off Chloe , shutting down the shop , ponder she decision , CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - night it have start to rain . Gus be in a phone booth across the street from Chloe 's toy store and a bar , franklin 's . as he talk , he watch Mike and gretchen fool around in front of Franklin 's , slip on the wet ground . gus ( into phone ) you know what my day be like so what do you want from I ? then do not wait up . Gus rub he head , try to mask he guilt . gus I know it 's late . just ... just put she on . across the street , gretchen fight Mike off playfully . Gus adopt a sweet voice when talk to he daughter . gus ( into phone ) hi sweetie ! it 's daddy . Da - Dee ! ( more ) gus ( cont 'd ) happy birthday my angel . I buy you something and I can not wait to give it to you . can you wait up for I ? hello ? angel ? a public bus stop at a red light , block Gus 's view of Mike and grethcen . Gus cover he ear to listen on the receiver . reverse : the light turn GREEN and the Bus pull away , revealing the phone booth now to be empty . Gus be go without a trace . close on booth : the phone hang limply by its cord . we follow a pristine white angel feather as it flutter in the air , gently fall onto the dirty ground . offscreen we hear Mike 's bewilder voice - mike ( 0.s. ) gus !? where have you go , you fucker ?! CUT to : title oldboy int . hallway a dark , dirty hallway light by flicker fluorescent light . we follow a pair of foot - gray dress pants and black dress shoe - plodd down wear carpete . in the distance we hear a muffle sound . as the foot near a door , the sound of a man speak incoherently become clearer . at the bottom of the door be latch open . one of the foot reach over and unlatch the open and Gus 's head suddenly pop out as if try to squeeze out . Gus try to fit one of he hand out , desperately grab at the foot , who shake he off effortlessly . Gus speak , rambling - shifting from desperation frustration and anger . gus come talk to I . tell I why I be here okay ? I should know the reason why . you want money ? tell I how much . the foot shift . a tray of food , taquito , be place on the floor and the foot slide it towards the open . Gus pull it inside but only to clear he view . he stick he head back out . the foot begin to leave and Gus grab at they , manage to hang on to one foot gus ( cont 'd ) what be this place ? just tell I how long I have to stay in here . just tell I that , huh . the foot shake he off . gus ( cont 'd ) come here you sonuvabitch ! I x11 fuck kill you , motherfucker !!! Gus , desperate now try to violently grab at the leg , anger mount . gus ( cont 'd ) I see you face you chicken shit ! the foot easily repel he grapple hand , seemingly toy with he and push he back into the open . fearing be close in , Gus change he tune . gus ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I do not mean it . just tell I , two week ? or ...? the foot manage to push Gus back behind the door and latch the door shut . gus ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ...a month ? c’mon , you cocksucke piece of shit ! Gus begin to bang from behind the door . gus ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) just tell I how long , goddammit ! int . room - continuous a small sparse room . a bed , a open bathroom , ugly 70 's style southwestern wallpaper , dirty brown carpet , a big screen television . a security camera be mount on the wall , encase ina clear plastic dome . Gus , emaciate , unshave with scraggly hair , kneel in front of the door bang at the door , with he food tray strewn behind he . he scream like a madman . gus you fuck cunt ! you think this be funny ? i’11 break you skull open and piss on it !!! he whirl around and grab the food tray and bang it on the door with all he might . gus ( cont 'd ) I be gonna cut of you ball and shove it in you eye socket you fuckin’ faggot ! you hear I ? he keep beat at the door frantically . he grope the floor , take the plate and throw it at the door , then return to bang with he hand . gus ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) if they tell I it would be twenty year ... would it have be any easier to endure ? CUT to : the room - month later instead of a window , there 's a small projection screen on the wall display a slide show . in rapid succession we see : - Gus on he wedding day -a relax beachscape ( like a corona ad ) - the advantage Inc. logo . - a buick ad with a young woman sexy woman next to the car . below , the tag line : '' this be not you dad 's buick . '' gus ( v.0 . ) in advertising they say a picture 's worth a thousand sale . but people only see what they want to see . - Gus at he college graduation - Charles bronson from ' death wish 's gus ( v.0 . ) my slide show remind I of print ad the caption miss for I to fill in . - Gus on a highschool tennis team - a pristine mountain lake - Group photo with Gus , Mike and other colleague , under a banner read , '' ad vantage , Inc . '' -a cobra ready to strike gus ( v.0 . ) I look around I and it make I wonder if this prison be endorse . Gus ignore the slide , kneel on he bed opposite a mirror , unmove , stare at it . close on mirror : Gus smile maniacally , expose large white tooth . it 's a contort expression , something like dement glee . his hair , long and wild fall past he shoulder . his unkempt beard flow from he chin . suddenly , music be hear . a instrumental version of '' climb every Mountain . '' it 's accompany by a hiss sound as gas emanate from expose pipe on the corner . he look at the projection screen on the wall : a photo of Gus at eighteen , stand next to a new car . it 's follow by a slide of a brutal car accident ( think '' Red asphalt '' ) . gus ( v.0 . ) when they play ' climb every Mountain 's , the gas come . when the gas come I fall asleep . 10 . the light in the room dim and Gus fall off the bed and onto the carpet . with he face on the carpet , he notice a trail of ant crawl away and into a small crack on the wall . as Gus lay on the floor sleep , the light go on and two men enter , put on latex glove . one of the man take out leather case and open it to reveal a hair - cut kit . he take out scissors . gus ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) when I wake , my hair 's always cut . shorter , than what I have like . they change my clothes and clean up the place . the other man begin to tidy the room . the man take a empty glass and place it in a plastic zip - loc bag . gus ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I guess I should be grateful to the fuck bastard . one of the man inject a syringe into Gus and draw blood . room - month later the slide show display a photo of Gus as a little boy , riding a big wheel . it 's closely follow by a National geographic shot of a lion take out a gazelle . Gus wake up on the small bed , blink up at the slide show image . Gus watch they , emotionless . his hair be neatly trim , face shave . the tv blare in the bg . suddenly , something on the television grab he attention . he watch a police report : television a shot of a typical suburban home . reporter ( v.0 . ) kayla Harris 's body be find stab in the neck , late Monday morning ... gus go over to the tv , focus on the story . behind he the slide film break , throw only white light against the small screen . television 11 . Police comb through the home . a body lie underneath a sheet . reporter ( v.0 . ) in they suburban home . neighbor be outrage and the police be request that anyone with further information to please call the hot-line . her husband who disappear a year ago , be want for question ... Gus look away from the television , feel something on he forearm ... he turn to look at he arm and notice something twitch under he skin . a small bump begin to move . suddenly , it burrow out of he skin . it 's a ant . Gus focus on the ant as it crawl along he skin . reporter ( cont ’d ) blood find at the crime scene and a glass with fingerprint match that of Gus Harris ... television they flash a picture of Gus and he wife , a honeymoon picture , on the screen : trim , handsome , a far cry from what he look like now . Gus look at the picture , and cry hysterically as ant crawl all over he face . the light in the room dim and we be swallow in darkness . we hear the sound of glass breaking . int . room - later the light be on . a mirror in the room shattered . shard lay on the carpet . we see the reflection of someone move inside the room which be turn upside down . Gus be drag by he foot along the carpet . we see the slashes on he wrist . a large pool of blood stain the dirty carpet . 12 . int . room - year later the mirror on the wall reflect a deteriorate image of Gus . he 's get fat and run-down , recite line of dialogue as he 's turne away from the big screen tv . gus how much for the knife ? ah that be around 8 million dollar . eight million dollar for a knife ? that 's preposterous . any other knife yes , but not this knife . it belong to a king . a king ? Gus notice something white scurry across the floor in he peripheral vision . he force a bite of a taquito , systematically chew and swallow it . we notice that the slashes on he wrist have heal . he intentionally drop a crumb on the floor the little white something scurries again , but this time Gus reach down and scoops it up : a little white mouse . it squirm desperately , but Gus be not let it go , admire it for a long beat . it 's be a long time since he 's feel life . he relish it absorb it 's warmth , listen to it 's heartbeat make he more alive and more human in turn . suddenly , he stuff it in he mouth . the mouse push at he cheek , make they stretch in unnatural direction . he calmly turn to watch the television , the mouse still in he close mouth . we see : change technology . the clapper . reality television . violent crime . chia pet . Church programming . Home shopping network . Gulf war . jesse ventura run for Governor . image mapp out the year that pass by . gus ( v.0 . ) the television be my only link to the outside world . a world that 's clean wholesome . untouch . it only let you see what it want you to ... leave you to always want more . it make you wait again and again , but never satisfy ... just remind you that life be only real if you believe it . Gus watch a show edit for television . the curse word be edit out . he flip to ' Three 's company 's , then ' beverly Hills , 90291 's then ' Seinfeld 's . 13 . gus ( v.0 . ) everything make sense . everyone 's beautiful . perfect . I can sit around the coffee shop all day with all my beautiful friend and my problem will go away in about half a hour or so . Gus smile to himself - a plaster hazy smile . gus ( v.0 . ) my teacher , church , friend , and lover ... on the television , we see a news show . a asian - american anchorwoman share the screen with she co-anchor , a old man with white hair . Gus kneel in front of the screen take the mouse out of he mouth and put it on he shoulder . lee ann kim ... and I be Lee Ann Kim with tonight 's headline ... Gus touch the screen with he hand , start to masturbate . his stroke intensify but the image change from that of Lee Ann to the older co-anchor . he stop , wait patiently . when Lee Ann be back on screen , he immediately start masturbate again . the mouse get up on its hind leg . lee ann kim ... barricade for four hour while police clear the area ... Gus be about to reach climax , but the shot change to a wide shot to include the older co-anchor . Gus move he hand to block he sight of the old man . he finish just in time - lee ann kim back to you phil . - and slowly let he hand fall from the screen . fade to black int . room Gus flip channel . it 's not cable , so Gus only have a few station to choose from . as he flip , he pet mouse , ralph , run up he arm . Gus open he mouth and the mouse run inside , and take a seat on he tongue . he stop at a new channel , one he 's never see before : 14. a black and white image from a security camera . it 's gus , from the back view sit watch the television . he close it and look over at the security camera behind he - inside the plastic bubble . we see he face on tv as well . he look back to television and see he back . it 's disorient for a second . he want to see he face on television but can not . he repeat this action a few more time , then settles in watch himself watch the television . he open he mouth as Ralph run out of he mouth onto the floor . gus ( v.0 . ) be we be televise ? he raise the remote and press a button . flip ! the screen change to a baseball game . later sound of crash glass . Glass shard lay on the carpet again , we see Gus pass out on the floor next to a pool of blood , by to the dry blood from he previous attempt . his wrist slashed once again . his body lay on top of plastic as he be be drag along the carpet . later close on : a journal on the table . there 's a stack of they there . the mouse run down he arm , onto the journal . Gus pick up a pen and tap it on the table . then put it down . he stare up at the change slide show : a photo of he at Halloween in a freddy kruger outfit ; follow by a news still of starve kid in Africa ; follow by Gus on he honeymoon with kayla ; follow by a movie still of Jack nicholson wield a axe from ' the shine 's ; follow by Gus in a sharp suit hold a glass of wine on a balcony . and so on . later with he wound heal , Gus sit at the table stare at the empty page of the journal . 15 . he glance over pass the dry blood on the carpet to the television and see the news report about princess diana die as she be chase by the paparazzi . Gus look away and back to the journal . he pick up Ralph and put it in he mouth . Ralph run in and out of he open mouth as he pick up the pen and begin to write down name . gus ( v.0 . ) I write down all the people whom I fight with , bother , and hurt . page and page of name . gus ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) this be both my prison journal and a autobiography of my evil deed . time pass . he finish one journal , write cover to cover and start on another . gus ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I fool myself , think I be get somewhere . my complacency solidify . int . room Gus stare at a plate of taquitos . gus ( v.0 . ) God I hate taquitos . Ralph run up to he plate and start nibble on the taquitos . Gus stroke he gently . int . room Gus 's hair be get long again . he lie on he back asleep , snoring loudly with he mouth wide open . gus ( v.0 . ) I have slip into a dream world , while the world around I live on . suddenly he stop breathe . he start to choke and cough . he grab at he throat , something lodge in there . then with one violent heave . he cough something out . the object thump onto the floor . Gus look down to see the Ralph , stiff from rigormortis . he gently scoops he up , try to revive he . 16 . gus ( v.0 . ) I have die . and in my death , something be bear . something hungry and vital ... but as he realize that Ralph be dead , Gus start to break down . his eye moisten , lip tremble . then sob . wail . it might as well be he mother lie dead before he . int . hallway a deep thumping sound echoe down the hallway . gus ( v.0 . ) something I could no longer control . sound like someone 's hammer in one of the room . int . room it 's not hammer ... Gus with he shirt off have a intense look on he face . he have draw a silhouette of a man on the wall . the plastic bubble serve as the head . he punch the bubble hard . hard enough to leave bloody mark from he bruise knuckle . he jump around , restless enjoy the physical activity . gus ( v.0 . ) who would have do this to I ? be it Mike ? Harrison Bloom ? jon donson ? Terry eckhouse ...? Gus read a litany of name , punch harder with every one . gus ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) whoever you be , I have only just start . I be new and I be hungry . I thirst for you blood . I crave you destruction . i’1l rape you woman , eat you baby , make they bleed through they eye . the last thing you 'il see alive be I laugh . the focus on Gus 's face be intensify as he hit harder . 17 . gus ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) if you think this be you revenge , wait for I . 1I x11 show you what revenge really mean . Gus give one final punch to the wall . crack ! he scream in pain and fold to the ground hold he bruise hand . CUT to : transformation montage : - Gus do sit-up , get wind collapse . he grab at he gut , sigh . - Close on silhouette . Gus punch the wall , blood trickle from he knuckle . he ignore the pain , stoneface , focus on the hand - draw face he 's scribble onto the bubble . - Gus do push -up shirtless . his knuckle be scabbed and crack . he tire quickly , but force himself to do more . - Gus wolf down a plate of taquitos , toss the plate at the door . drop and do push-up . - Gus dance in front of the silhouette , talk shit like Ali , taunt the silhouette . then bam -bam - bam : the punch fly once more . - " climb every Mountain '' play as Gus punch the silhouette . there be noticeable indentation in the wall now . his hit intensify until he finally crack plexiglas bubble . Gus keep punch as the gas seep in the room , a twisted smile on he face . he scream along - gus climb every mountain , search high and low , follow every byway , every path you know . climb every mountain , ford every stream ... - until he finally succumb to the gas , fall unconscious . end transformation montage : CUT to : 18 . int . room Gus do hundred of sit-up . year have pass . Gus 's body have change . body and mind have harden . he 's rip now . his knuckle be knobby and callouse . he pop up quickly from he sit-up and unleash a volley of punch at the wall . his movement be economize , lethal . he have the air and physique of a train fighter . he drop quickly and do push-up , then pop back up and - bam - bam - bam - more lightning fast punch . later he straighten a piece of wire from the journal and scratch a mark on he skin . he stare at the wire , as a think run through he mind . later close on gus 's eye press up against the tinted plexiglass dome . he stare inside at the security camera , try to find its blind spot . he look off to the wall with the projection screen and smile . the image be mel Gibson from '' mad Max '' . Gus laugh at mel - a crazy detach laugh - before the slide change again : - a shot of scrawny teenage Gus wear a karate uniform . CUT to : Gus reach into he bed and secretly pull out the wire . CUT to : unseen by the camera , Gus use the wire to scrape at the wall under the projection screen . he 's clear the wallpaper and drywall and start to scrape mortar between expose brick . CUT to : a solid brick wall . scrape sound . 19 . suddenly , a brick be loosen and light illuminate through crack . the brick be push out and we see Gus 's eye peer out . he smile at he handiwork CUT to : Gus watch a box match on television , concentrate on the footwork and punch . his eye dart around calculate every movement . he get up , mimic the move of the win boxer CUT to : more brick be disappear from the wall . CUT to : we catch glimpsis of image and story that span the time of Gus 's captivity . from new innovation and technology , death , the Berlin Wall , the israeli palestinian conflict . the Gulf War , court room trial , cultural phenomenon , idol , television milestone , game show , reality television , 9/11 , the presidential election , the Russian school attack , invasion of Afghanistan and Iraq , North Korea , the indian Ocean tsunami . life and death . CUT to : Gus push he body out of the brick wall only to encounter another wall of brick . he feel the brick but do not get discourage and start on the second wall . CUT to : ext . side of build it 's raining . we see street sign and a glimpse of the city scape beyond the brick facade of a building . suddenly , a brick pop out and fall to the ground below . finger stretch out through the hole feel the rain . int . room Gus have break through the second wall . he take he hand and lick the trace of water . nothing have taste this good . 20 . gus ( v.0 . ) I will be out in a month . just one more month , I 'il be out . one month . just one more month . just one more month ... '' climb every Mountain '' come on and once again gas begin to fill the room . Gus rush to cover he wall , replace the bed in its place . Gus flop on top of the bed with a big smile on he face as he stare at the trace of rain on he hand . the slide show continue in the bg . gus ( v.0 . ) I 'il need money when I get out . should I rob or steal ? no I be just go to find that motherfucker . Gus look to the slide show : sly stallone from '' Rocky '' . then a jamaican waterfall . then a scorpion kill a frog . gus ( v.0 . ) I should eat something first . but what ? anything but fuck taquitos . no , I 'il eat when he 's dead . i’1l eat over he rotting body . where be I anyway ? sound like the city . do not matter where I be , I x11 find he . 1’11 know when it 's he and I 'il rip out he tongue . i’11 break he neck and watch he beg for death . more slide : Gus recive he first Communion in church . then a horrific snarling werewolf . then a happy face . gus ( v.0 . ) what if I get out and it 's the 52nd floor ? even if I fall and die I be still go to find he . he turn he hand and see the callouse on he knuckle . gus ( v.0 . ) in just one month I be get out . I be get out ... his eye flutter and he drift off to sleep . CUT to : 21 . darkness we hear shuffle and labor breathe , which increase . hand feel around the space . a lighter be ignite . the weak flame illuminate a tight space that resemble a coffin . Gus lie cramme inside . he burn he hand and the light go out . he fire up the lighter again . he whimper as claustrophobia set in . be he be bury alive ? he struggle bang he hand on the structure face he . the light go out and he hit become stronger and stronger . Wood splinter , light begin to shine through freshly make crack . Gus break out of he confinement , shield he eye from the blind sun . image blur and distort . the dawn SUN seem all too bright , like it 's burn he skin . Gus start to freak out . thought rush in and out of he mind - be he dream ? eye close , he thrust he hand out , grop blindly for the safety of the wall - but they have disappear . we pull out to reveal that Gus be not out in a field at all but actually in a garden situate on top of a roof in the middle of the city . White bird fly above Gus who sit up . he squint pass the landscape and see the figure of : a man stand on the ledge of the building . the figure , backlit , with bird fly around he resemble a angel . the figure hold he hand out feel the slight breeze around he . Gus feel he body when a loud booming SOUND fill the air . he grab he ear protect they from the deafen din . we pull out further to reveal that Gus be on top of a church , with its bell ringing . Gus scream at the top of he lung - sensory overload . gus aaaagh ! !! when the sound cease Gus move towards the man , squinting against the light . 22 . the man look at Gus , nonchalant , savor a cigarette . Gus approach he , carefully reach out with he hand like a blind man . Gus reach the ledge begin to feel the man , he dark suit , he skin . he reach over and smell he scent like a dog . Gus take he free hand and run it over he face . slowly , he vision return to he . the man inhale he cigarette deeply . man would this taste this good if I do not know it be go to be my last ? the man take one deep drag and throw the cigarette over the building . Gus watch it fall to the street below . the man close he eye and fall , stretch he arm and freefall by lie backwards - he fall a bit then stop . the man open he eye and realize that he 's virtually suspend in air . Gus have the man 's tie in he hand and keep he from fall . Gus look at the resign man but keep he grip on the tie . they stand there for a few second just look at each other , precariously near the ledge . gus ( v.0 . ) maybe this be a test . a second chance to undo what I have do . or maybe it 's fate laugh at I . Gus reach for the man 's coat , take out a cigarette and calmly light it . CUT to : moment later Gus and the man sit down by the ledge stare at each other . Gus smoke another cigarette as the man light it . man do you know why you be keep in there for twenty year ? 23 . gus he x11 tell I when I find he . Gus stare straight ahead , emotionless . no answer man but you be free now . Gus be start to tire of this . Gus stand up abruptly . he 's waste he time here . man where you go ? Gus walk towards the rooftop door , disappear . int . church stairway Gus emerge from a darken stairwell . ahead of he be a long corridor , pepper with sporadic color light from a pair of stained glass window . at the end of the hall , another man walk through some door . the man look back towards Gus and motion for he to follow he . int . soup kitchen Gus pass through double door into a room fill with people lining up to be serve food . the man he 's be follow , a volunteer , push something at gus. Gus clasp he wrist forcefully , look down to see a empty tray . the volunteer quake with fear - volunteer it 's ok . take it . there 's plenty for everyone . CUT to : table around the room we focus on face of homeless people look up from they meal , stare at : Gus , shovel food into he mouth . relishing it like it 's the best thing he 's ever eat . he could care less about the eye focus on he . he eat like a madman eat everything in sight , except for : taquito . he carefully avoid this , reach over at other trays and pick off food . 24 . soon people be move away , protect they turkey pot pie , frighten by he brutish behavior he continue to eat , sit alone . ext . CITY STREET - day burly volunteer burst through the door , make a wide arc on the street in front of the soup kitchen as Gus exit food clench in he fist . several more volunteer exit behind Gus , give he a wide berth , move cautiously as though cornere a wild animal . Gus make a show of intimidating they , run at a volunteer who cower in self - defense . the volunteer rush back inside and slam the door shut behind they . Gus laugh , take a huge bite from the food in he fist stalk down the street . CUT to : later Gus walk the sidewalk , take in the city . people noise , smell . he 's on the fringe of a business district , fill with empty , rundown building and board up shop . ext . business plaza he cross into a busy area . multiple corporation share a common space . Gus see the name ' ad vantage , inc . 's on one of the corporate tower , keep walk . gus ( v.0 . ) I remember this place . I use to come here all the time . Gus stop by a tinted office window , notice he reflection . he feel he face , now age . ; gus ( v.0 . ) now it 's nothing I recognize . ext . STREET Gus walk along the street gaze at the sight of newly erect building . he do not see ahead as a bike messenger steer towards he . he dodge the messenger , and inadvertently hit a park car 25 . the car 's alarm go on , make Gus jump back . he stare at the car as it beeps . CUT to : another STREET - later Gus run down the street hit a row of park car and trip they alarm . pedestrian scatter out of he way . he look back smile at the chaotic symphony he 's create like some kind of mad conductor . people stare , point . Gus turn the corner , feel something hit he leg . he look to see a white cane and a blind man , grop the air . blind man Excuse I . can you help I cross the street ? Gus pause for a bit as the blind man reach out for he . he focus on the blind man 's sunglass . instead of take he hand , he take the sunglass , put they on and walk away . ext . STREET Gus see a entrance to the subway . he run across the street barely miss oncoming traffic . a car swerve , crash into another . another car screech , inch from hit he . Gus do not even look back before run down the stair . int . subway car it 's rush hour . in the back of a car , Gus hang on to the strap as more people push they way inside . the car move jerkily , push the people from one side to the other . body rub against each other . every touch a sensual spark . Gus 's hand tremble as he look on with a maniacal expression . everywhere he look - a woman 's hair , nape of the neck , curve of a breast , a expose arm . it 's intoxicating . it 's everywhere . 26 . he 's do he best to resist but it 's sensory overload , and it look like he might pass out . a woman catch a glimpse of he with this perverse smile on he face . she grimace and move away , but not before she hair brushes against he arm . Gus reach ecstacy . ext . bridge Gus stand at the bridge , still , as hour pass by - traffic flow behind he . he watch the sun sink tear well in he eye . ext . park Gus lay on the grass stare at the star . his eyelid be heavy and begin to close . gus ( v.0 . ) what if this be a dream ? what if I wake up back in the room and all this be just a dream ? a hypothesis in my mind . he resist ... but ultimately give in to sleep . ext . business plaza - morning Gus wash himself off use a decorative fountain in front of ad vantage , inc 's office . people in suit stare at he . a old homeless look man approach he . Gus look at the man unsure if he 's look at he or not . the old man reach into he pocket and pull out a cell phone in one hand and a taquito in the other . offer both to Gus . old man I do not know anything . the old man walk away . Gus be about to go after he when the phone ring . Gus stare at the phone for a few beat , unsure . finally he put it up to he ear . gus who be this ? male voice ( v.o. ) how 's life in a bigger box ? 27 . Gus look around frantic . gus show you face . where be you ? people around he be startle . male voice ( v.o. ) whether it 's a pebble or a grain of sand , in water they both sink alike . ( beat ) and eat something will ya . you be skin and bone . click . the caller be go . Gus keep look around , he run in the direction of the old man but he 's disappear . half-smile and half - cry he stare at the remain of the taquito . he 's crush it in anger . this be one sick joke . suddenly , a think hit he . he smell the remain of the taquito in he hand , lick it . gus ( v.0 . ) more cilantro . not enough cilantro . ext . phone booth Gus run into a phone booth and grab a phone book . he flip through it and rip out page . ext . CITY street Gus double check the information on the yellow page and look across the street at small restaurant call burrito king . int . burrito king Gus stare at the menu . he reach into he pocket . no money . CUT to : 28. later a customer sit with he taquito . he eat a couple of chip then eye the salsa bar . he get up and leave he plate behind . a hand stealthily grab the taquito . CUT to : ext . burrito king / alley Gus bite into a taquito . he swishes it in he mouth . gus ( v.0 . ) not crunchy enough . he spit it out and throw the taquito away . ext . sidewalk Gus approach a Taco stand . he spy a small table where the customer stand to leave . when they be go , Gus go to the table and sort through the leftover . bingo ! a half - eat taquito . he sniff it then take a bite . he take a second , move the food inside he mouth . gus ( v.0 . ) the season ... taste different . he spit it out onto the sidewalk and move on . ext . alley we pan from another restaurant to the alleyway beside it . Gus be diving headfirst into a dumpster . he come up for air with a mouthful of food . gus ( v.0 . ) too much onion . 29 . ext . STREET Gus walk aimlessly towards another restaurant . he enter without give a second look to the place . CUT to : int . taco joe 's Gus walk in and immediately notice the dirty brown carpet . a old taco sauce stain on the floor look vaguely like dry blood . he smell the air . his face crinkle at a familiar scent . Gus cover he nose with he hand , look around . what he see make he jaw drop : the same 70 - style wallpaper , dirty brown floor , even the plastic bubble in the corner with a surveillance camera . a projection screen display a slide show of nature shot . it 's all there ! everywhere he look , Gus be remind of he prison cell . the resemblance be clearly not coincidental . gus ( v.0 . ) the nostalgia be too much . I can not want it , but I do . they have twisted I into loving my cell ... Gus grow weak , slinking to the floor , dry-heave . patron look at he strangely , while other simply ignore , step over he to get in line . for Gus it 's like a twist , inescapable nightmare . he crawl for the exit , but each movement be weak and labor . someone hold the door open for he , a young woman in a Taco Joe 's T-shirt . Gus slink past she and out onto the sidewalk , where he collapse . the manager holler at the Young woman . manager Anna ! come on , we be busy . she take one last look at Gus , splay out on the sidewalk , before head inside . the door shut close behind she . ext . taco joe 's with the sight and sound block out , Gus can finally breathe again . he sit up on the concrete , face away from the restaurant , refuse to look . 30 . gus ( v.0 . ) I want to burn it to the ground . watch the people run from it scream , they flesh on fire . but I will not . not yet . he scrutinize the street he 's on , the neighborhood , every person pass he on the street . his mind race to find another clue , another piece of the puzzle ... the door open behind he once more , and black Army boot clomp past he , arrive at a mope park on the sidewalk next to Gus . it 's the young woman from a minute ago , Anna . she load several delivery order into the basket on the back of the scooter , and mount the little bike . a magnetize placard on the mope announce its purpose : '' Taco Joe 's Delivery '' Anna revs the motor and the bike take off down the street . in a flash , Gus be up on he foot , sprinting down the street after she . CUT to : ext . CITY street a steep incline . the mope putt - putt its way up the street , fight the pull of gravity . after a long beat , Gus run up the same street struggle to keep up . angle on hillcrest Gus reach the top of the hill , panting and out of breath . ahead of he , at the bottom of the hill , the mope pick up speed , bottom out , and keep on go down the street . gus take a deep breath , trudge onward . CUT to : int . lawyer' office Anna stand at the door while a office clerk take the receipt for a food order , look for a pen . 31 . anna here ... she remove a pen from she back pocket and turn around , offer she bare shoulder for he to write on , a mischievous look on she face . the clerk get a eyeful . anna ( cont 'd ) I have get to get a clear copy , so do not forget to press hard . as he sign the receipt , the clerk 's hand shake . when he 's do , she hand he the bag , look at the tip amount , smile . Anna look around pull out to reveal a small bag of dope between she finger . anna ( cont ’d ) dessert ? the clerk look around and fish for some bill . he hand it to she and quickly pocket the drug . the clerk look past Anna to see : gus just arrive . he look like he 's about to pass out from the exertion . yet he scrutinize the clerk like a criminal , peek into the office behind he . Anna just shrug at the clerk and leave . ext . parking lot Anna get back on she mope , cast a sidelong glance at Gus who watch she like a hawk . anna what do you want , man ? you have be follow I all night . gus ( out of breath ) a address . somewhere you deliver . anna I do not have time for this . gus wait ... he 's still catch he breath . 32 . gus they order everyday . you have deliver there . just hear I out . anna what 's it worth to you ? gus I do not have any money . it 's just the address . she don she helmet , start up the bike . anna fuck off . she take off down the street . CUT to : int . gas station grease monkey ogle Anna as she approach with they food . grease monkey heya sweetness . they line up as she hand out bag . some search through they food until they find what they real want - dime bag . the mechanic take a single dollar bill and tuck it into she blouse . she pretend to be flatter . anna ooh , a whole dollar . be you sure ? grease monkey have not have a chance to cash my check . anna guess you 'il just owe I , bitch - ass . as she turn around to head back to the mope , she see Gus watch from the corner . CUT to : 33. ext . taco joe 's the sun be set in the sky as Gus walk towards the restaurant . he look like hell , one of he pant leg be tear from a nasty fall and he 's bleed on he shin . he walk up to the mope and feel the engine , still warm . anna ( 0.s. ) that 's he . Gus look up to see Anna stand beside the alley with three burly grease monkey . one of they hold a crowbar anna meet my friend , weirdo . CUT to : int . alley behind taco joe 's Gus and the grease monkey circle each other . gus ( v.0 . ) all that day box a fake opponent . can year of theory actually work in the real world ? for a moment I question if any of this be real . finally , one step up and swing the crowbar , but Gus duck it and belt the guy twice in the rib . another one try to kick , but Gus catch he foot and yank he off balance . he tumble to the ground as Gus scramble to he foot . Gus circle they , hand awkwardly at he side . the third grease monkey attack Gus , punch he in the mouth . Gus start to bleed and a smile spread across he lip - he 's never feel so alive . gus ( v.0 . ) nothing be more real than blood . now wide awake , Gus put he duke up , dodge a punch then another . dance . the man laugh at he . Gus advance on they , go to work : Anna watch from around the corner as bam -bam -bam ! Three man fall to the ground . 34 . the monkey get up and two of they rush Gus . the one that stay behind unsheathes a knife . sunlight glint off the blade as he jam it into Gus 's stomach . Gus still try to fight , but he 's lose too much blood . the three attacker split the scene without a single word to Anna who stand there horrify . it 's a cowardly victory . she want to leave , but Gus 's quiet gasp of pain echo through the alleyway , make she pause . as he collapse onto the dirty ground , she walk to he . Gus pass out with Anna stand over he like a priest at a funeral . CUT to : int . apartment - night Gus 's eye flutter open and look around . be he back in the room ? for a moment it seem so , until he focus and realize it 's just a small studio apartment . the wall be decorate with a eclectic mix of find object display as art . the window be drape with a string of light . he realize that he 's lay on a ratty mattress on the floor . Gus try to move but can not . his hand be tie to the radiator . he pull with the bit of energy he have but can not pry himself loose . he shut he eye as dizziness overcome he . he look over to the kitchen . in the dark , he see Anna stand over the oven , stir something in a small pot . she look over to he . her mouth move but Gus can only catch phrase . anna ... it 's get infect ... Gus turn he attention to he abdomen and see a bandage poorly apply to he side . the realization of the wound make the pain real for Gus . he scream before pass out . CUT to : 35 . another night Gus , now look pale and sickly , open he eye . he see Anna sit along a wall read he journal . she look up at he , a angry look on she face . anna good , you be alive . I think I be go to have to stash you in a roll of old carpet or something . Gus open he mouth , but nothing come out . he black out . CUT to : later he open he eye to see Anna type on the computer , surfing the internet . the glow of the computer screen illuminate the apartment . he look at the screen , as she scroll through photo of men . they look almost like mugshot , but they be not . each photo be accompany by a address and a map . later Gus wake up soak in sweat . it drain he energy just to turn he head . he look over to see Anna do a line of coke in the bathroom . she look up in the mirror and see he , kick the door shut . CUT to : later the day blur . Gus open he eye again . Anna be go through he journal . her face be streak with tear . CUT to : day later from the look of he , Gus 's fever have pass . he feel something that compel he eye to open slightly . she see Anna carefully crawl towards he . 36 . he close he eye , pretend to be out . Anna come close enough to poke at the bandage on he side . his face twinge in pain , but he eye remain close . think that he 's fast asleep , Anna carefully remove the old bandage and wash he wound with antiseptic . hear he heavy breathe , she inspect he , curious . her eye wander down he chest onto he abdomen . her hand tremble as she touch the skin around the wound , which be beginning to heal nicely . her touch electrify Gus . the hair on he body stand up , electrically charge . his instinct take over and he grab she with he free hand , pin she onto the mattress . she fight he but can not overpower he weight . that 's when he see the fear in she eye . his lust quickly turn to guilt and disgust and for a moment , he hesitates . this be all the time she need and Anna break free , scamper away . she get to she foot and grab a knife , scream at he - anna do not ever touch I ! 1/11 fuck kill you ! she kick he over and over again , mercilessly . Gus take it , so disgust with himself he can not even look at she . she do a line of coke off the computer table and grab she key . as she head out the door she stop under the light of the hallway to glower once more at Gus - anna shoulda let you bleed to death . the door slam shut and she army boot clomp down the hall . Gus sit up . he look over at the computer screen . the same website from before be on she screen : a picture of some grim -face , anonymous man stare back accompany by a map and a address . CUT to : 37. later the clock on the wall read 3 : am . Anna come home , stumbling drunk and cry . Gus immediately sit up watch she as she go to the closet and unceremoniously strip to she bra and panty , wiping away tear . she clumsily put on sweat and a T-shirt . gus what 's wrong ? she ignore he , and head over to the computer table . she do a line of coke before head towards the bathroom . he pull at he restraint . gus how long you go to keep I here ? the bathroom door slam shut . Gus be alone again . CUT to : next morning Gus wake to Anna whistling as she flip over some bacon on the griddle . she look over to see Gus . anna look like you be pretty much heal . Gus sit up . she grab a knife . anna ( cont 'd ) get pretty strong too . Gus do not answer . she walk over and put a plate of bacon and egg on the mattress in front of he . he stare at it . a moment later she return with a duffel bag , drop it on the ground . Inside be Gus 's journal and a change of clothes . she place black pants and a black dress shirt on the bed . anna that 's the good thing about man : when they leave , they leave . she sit down to eat . Gus wolf down the bacon and egg , ravenous , sopping up the remnant with a piece of toast . 38 . anna after this you be free to go . he stop eat , look up at she . gus what about the address ? anna what address ? gus I be not leave till I get it . she throw she fork at he . then the whole plate of food . anna the hell you be motherfucker ! you leave and you stay the fuck away ! as Gus wipe scramble egg of he head , Anna uncap a can of pepper spray . Gus watch as she go over to the radiator and unty he . he rub he wrist , red from the restraint . anna get out . she go over to the phone , take it off the receiver Gus sit there , motionless . anna get out ! Gus get up and walk out the door . she look over at he journal . CUT to : ext . anna 's apartment build Gus exit the building to see one of he journal on the ground . he look up in time to see another journal hurtle at he , duck out of the way . anna be at she window , chuck all of Gus 's thing out . he just watch she calmly until she 's do , slamm she window shut . then he go about gather up all he stuff . 39 . ext . residential home Anna stand at the door of a suburban house as a teenage girl count quarter from a piggy bank teenage girl elevvvvvv-en ... twelvvvvve . there you go ! keep the change . she give Anna a handful of coin . the girl take she food and close the door . Anna sigh , head back to she scooter . Gus emerge from behind a tree , catch she off guard . she try to get on she scooter , but he take the key from the ignition . anna I ’l1l scream . gus I will leave you alone if you give I what I want . she look at he defiantly . anna be it true ? that thing you write in the book ? gus yes . anna you daughter 's still alive . have you even try look for she ? he look away , take a step back . anna you be so consume by revenge you ignore the most important part . ( beat ) look , I 'il make you a deal . you go find you dau - Gus violently clutches she throat , shaking she . gus you do not know anything about I you fuck little cunt ! you give I that address or I swear to fuck God I 'il snap you neck like a twig . 40 . Anna gag , eye water . he let up enough for she to cough in he face , smile weakly - anna fuggcck ... youuu . Gus release she and she collapse to the ground . gus fuck I ?! fuck you ! he kick a soda can , topples a trash can , pace back and forth in front of the scooter . a elderly woman across the street watch from she window . see this , Gus walk back to Anna , help she up . gus let 's go . CUT to : ext . CITY street Anna and Gus walk along the street . Gus look at she unsure . ext . build Anna turn into a building entrance . Gus look up and read the sign : child welfare SERVICES . he stop . Anna turn back to he . Gus back up and walk away . he go over to concrete step nearby and take a seat , just stare at the building entrance . suddenly , he begin to weep . it 's heartbreaking , the culmination of all the loss , all the pain . gus ( through tear ) she 's happy somewhere . somewhere I do not fit . he get up and walk away . Anna watch he go . CUT to : 41. int . anna 's apartment - later Anna 's studio be empty . key jangle as she open the door , still in she work clothes . she look around for Gus , drop she grocery bag into the small dining table and walk around . she look out the window but see nothing . light a cigarette . out of the corner of she eye , she spy the journal neatly stack . she then hear the sound of the shower run . she go up to the bathroom door and touch it , slightly smile to herself . int . bathroom Gus stand underneath the shower as steam envelope he . he carefully soap himself , avoid he wound . layer of dirt wash away from he body , onto the tub , and down the drain . he take out he bandage and clean he wound , cring . later Gus stand in front of the bathroom mirror and wipe the steam off the surface . we see Gus 's reflection . he touch he face , the deep wrinkle now embed . he move to the scraggly beard cover he chin . Gus glance over the bathroom sink . he open a drawer and carefully inspect it , then another . in the second drawer , he find a box of miscellaneous toiletry for man . he pick up a disposable shaver and turn it over in between he finger . int . apartment Gus walk out of the bathroom , now clean and groom . his hair , still long be now comb through and he beard have be shave off . he 's clean up rather nicely . Anna look at he , take aback . CUT to : later Gus sit at the small kitchen table opposite Anna . take out container litter the table . 42 . they sit there wait for the other to eat . they catch each other 's eye but quickly look away . Gus take he chopstick and carefully move he food with it and take a small bite , consciously control himself . Anna look on , amused . suddenly , she take a huge chunk of broccoli and shove it in she mouth . Gus watch she as she put more in she mouth . she begin to laugh , spitting broccoli out , break the ice . Gus look at she and smile . he begin to feel more at ease and begin to dig in . CUT to : later Anna clear she plate as Gus finish he food . anna not the best orange chicken in the world but it 's cheap . Gus finish chew , try to come up with conversation . gus it be good . Anna take the plate to the sink nearby and deposit they . anna guess anything 's a step up for you . Gus flinch at the statement . Anna catch herself . anna ( cont 'd ) I mean , in a good way . talk about rock bottom , right ? from this point forward , nothing can be worse than what you have already be through . you know how many people wish they could say that ? that they move on . he stare ahead blankly . he be not move on from anything . 43 . later bedtime . Gus take a seat on top of the mattress . he watch Anna on she computer , once again scrolling through face of man and map . gus what 's that ? anna found it by accident and now I be hook . ( beat ) it 's a list of register sex offender . you can look up any address in the unite States and it 's 1ll tell you how many of they be in you area . I memorize my delivery area , so I know what house to stay away from . Gus nod , mildly interested . she click off the computer and walk over to he . she turn he wrist over and see the scar from self inflicted wound , run she finger over they . she look at he , curious . anna do it still hurt ? Gus take she own hand and lift she sleeve . she protest a bit but he hold she hand in place with some force . reveal : she too have scar on she wrist , albeit much older . he touch they the same way she touch he . Anna pull she hand away , place she head on he shoulder . he let she . CUT to : next morning Gus stir awake . he sit up and see Anna fully dress , get ready for work . she walk over to the door , hold it open . anna come on , let 's go . 44 . Gus stare at she a beat before spring to he foot . CUT to : ext . industrial area - day Gus ride on the back of Anna 's scooter as she pilot it down grimy street , past factory and warehouse . a industrial wasteland that seem world away from the urban sprawl . she find the address and stop the bike . as Gus get off the scooter , we see that he hold a hammer . he look at the building : it 's a nondescript storage facility call , '' stor - 4-u . '' ext . stor -4- U Gus approach the front door . it 's lock . Anna walk up behind he to a keypad on the door , enter three digit . the door click . anna hope you find what you be look for . she get back on the scooter and leave . Gus open the door . int . stor -4 -u - moment later a guard watch a re-run on a shitty tv . footstep behind he . he wave dismissively , not look up . guard leave it by the door . the footstep continue . by the time the Guard look up it 's too late - wham ! a hammer smashes he across the nose . Gus stand above he , glower . int . stor -4 -u - office a small and cluttere office . a bank of monitor fill the entire wall . 45 . each monitor be a window into a different cell , similar to the one inhabit by gus. various prisoner be see in utter seclusion . the Office manager , toph harper , be a slick - dress man in he late forty . he pace the room talk ona headset . toph ( on phone ) we do not do celebrity or people with bodyguard . no mafiosi either . just the small fries . if it 's over six week we will waive the transportation fee . a commotion outside get Toph 's attention . he stop pace , look up at the door . CUT to : int . same - moment later Toph sit strapped to he chair with duct tape . Gus now stand in front of the monitor , watch the prisoner . gus all you fuck little window ... remind I of a ant farm . do you like ant , Toph ? Toph do not answer . gus somebody do . who like ant this much Toph ? toph I would not know . stor-4 - U isa completely confidential business . Gus reach over , grab Toph by the ball , twist . Toph yowls in pain and Gus shove a rag in he mouth . Gus grab the roll of duct tape . time CUT : Toph have be duct tape so that he mouth be propped open . Gus bring the hammer into he line of sight . gus I be take one for every year 46 . Toph protest nonsensically , try to talk , but he mouth will not move . Gus put the claw - end of the hammer into Toph 's mouth , find a tooth . Toph breathes frantically , scream . his tongue touch the cold metal of the hammer as a trickle of blood fall from he gum . Gus crank the hammer as though remove a stubborn nail . angle on keyboard as Toph wail , we see a bloody tooth drop to the keyboard . it join several other bloody tooth . angle on toph the rag be back in he mouth , though now it 's a bright crimson from soaking up blood . gus you feel like talk now ? Toph gargle in the affirmative , he voice break and shaky . Gus remove the rag , cut Toph 's mouth free . toph I do not know he name . I never even see he face . Gus be not happy about this . he stretch out another piece of duct tape , ready to pull more tooth - toph but I record it ! CUT to : int . stor -4 -u - file room Gus find a box with he name on it . he open it to find a envelope and a audio tape . he stuff it all into he pocket . CUT to : int . stor -4-u - corridor Gus hold a hammer to Toph 's throat , the rag in he mouth drip with blood . 47 . in front of he be a hallway fill with men , each hold a weapon of some kind . there must be at least twenty . gus ab blood type raise you hand . after a few awkward moment , someone in the middle raise he hand . Gus push Toph toward he . gus hurry up . he 's lose a lot already . the man in the middle take Toph , carry he out . the rest of the man glare at Gus , who charge into they with the hammer blaze . the man attack Gus from all side . he 's hit many time but he never go down . he be a whirling dervish , swinging the hammer with exactitude and ferocity . for every blow that Gus receive , he dish out five . knee cap , elbow , jaw - all shatter from Gus 's blow . when they gang up on he , stomping and kick he on the ground , Gus fight back , smash toe and shin . he pick man up and topple they over . it 's a ballet of knuckle , blood , and pain . one by one , the man drop like fly . he fight he way through the man , all the way down the hall . ding ! the elevator have arrive . Gus look as the door open , twelve more thug cram the elevator ready to fight . Gus smile . CUT to : ext . stor -4 -u - day Gus exit to the street . in the doorway behind he , a sea of limping , groaning thug . Gus be the only one that walk away , hand and face cover in blood . he look a mess . a man on the street run up to he . Gus be weaken , teeter on the brink of unconsciousness . man Sir , be you alright ? 48 . the man hail a cab , put Gus into it . Gus look up and be shocked at what he see : it 's the same suicidal man he meet on the roof of the building . coincidence ? man I have to thank you . you have give I something to live for . the man punch Gus in the nose , blood gush . as Gus black out , the man smile . man pleasant dream , Gus . he close the door , slap the taxi as it speed off . CUT to : ext . ad vantage , inc . - corporate tower Gus awaken next to a couple homeless guy , blink up at the ad vantage Inc. corporate tower . he get up weakly , go to a fountain , wash off the blood . suddenly , door swing open and a multitude of suit - wear corporate employee trickle out of the building . Gus scan everyone until he eye rest on one man : it 's mike . Gus stare at he old friend as he walk with colleague down the courtyard and past the fountain . though Mike pass within a few foot of Gus he do not see he . CUT to : ext . strip mall - later Gus follow from a respectful distance as Mike and he work buddy walk to a familiar run-down strip mall . it 's Franklin 's bar . int . franklin 's bar a mellow neighborhood staple . mostly local and businessman . 49 . Gus be seat at a stool . he watch Mike through the mirror behind the bar , sip a beer pour from the tap . angle on mike flirt with a couple of women half he age . they young woman be not impressed by Mike , but accept the free drink . when Mike 's back be turn one of the girl make a face to she friend . Gus laugh , forget himself . a fly on the wall of bygone day . then , catch he own reflection in the mirror , it all come back to he . he suddenly get a look of revulsion , storm out . CUT to : ext . franklin 's bar Gus push he way out of the door , and almost vomit on the sidewalk . the fresh air make he feel better ext . strip mall Gus walk slowly down the strip mall , look in at all the store . int . liquor store we see Gus walk by the window , then stop . he recognize this place . it use to be the child 's store . the door open and a bell ring . the young clerk scrutinize Gus as he walk in , look around . when it 's clear he 's not go to buy anything - clerk you lose man ? gus this place . it use to be a kid 's store right ? the clerk shrug , give he a menace look . Gus pay no mind , walk through the aisle , remember . CUT to : 50. ext . franklin 's bar Mike exit the bar drunk , singing old billy Joel . he sloppily light a cigarette , when he hear he name . turn around to see Gus stand there . toph ( v.0 . ) ( on tape ) anyone , anywhere , anyhow ... Mike stare at Gus for several moment before a look of recognition come over he . he lunge at he old friend , hugging he . tear gush down he red cheek . a mess . toph ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) with we ’1ll make they suffer ... you can watch for a little extra . by contrast , Gus 's face be a mask of cold indifference . CUT to : int . mike 's apartment - night a bachelor 's apartment to a fault . Mike and Gus sit on he black leather couch , listen to the audio cassette . Mike smoke once again . voice ( v.0 . ) I want he go a long time , but I do not want he crazy . angry , desperate vengeful , yes . crazy , no . toph ( v.0 . ) you be in good hand . we have medication . anti-psychotics . quite effective in most case . we have see it work well up to five year . no doubt longer . but I guess it all depend on the duration . so how long be he ... voice ( v.0 . ) twenty year . Long silence . voice ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) I think the length be up to I . toph ( v.0 . ) what do he do ? 51 . voice ( v.0 . ) Gus , you see ... he talk too much . click . Gus stop the tape . he look up at Mike . gus who hate I this much ? Mike think about it , take a long drag . mike whoever he be , I hope I do not know he . Gus stand , walk to the window look out at the city . Mike 's apartment have a impressive view . gus Mike ... be I a good friend ? Mike pick up he glass of whiskey and walk over to Gus . mike have a drink Gus . like old time . Gus shake he head . Mike walk back to the table , see the envelope on the floor , open it . Gus look at the envelope then over to Mike . mike ( cont 'd ) a invoice ... ( scan the page ) date a few day ago . close on paper : '' thank you for you business ! final amount due : $ 7,000.00 '' and a address , '' 1616 whitley Terrace , unit D '' CUT to : ext . 1616 whitley terrace - night Gus stand outside for several moment before enter the building . 52 . int . 1616 whitley terrace Gus take the stair two at a time until he 's stand outside unit D . the door be open a crack . Gus push it open . he try the light , but the electricity be out . int . unit D the apartment be barren . if anyone live here before they be long go now . still , Gus move cautiously in the dark apartment . live room Gus round the corner to see a light on . two man stand there . one be dress casually , a genial smile on he face . this be steven . the other be large and muscle , dress in a suit and tie . Steven 's bodyguard , larry . we recognize Steven as the same man who put he in the taxi . the suicidal man on the roof . Gus stop dead in he track . steven you should have stick around to hear my story . in a rage , Gus charge and slam he against the wall . Larry spring into action , bring a knife against Gus 's throat . Steven hold he hand up , signal Larry to back off . gus who be you ? Steven smile . Gus shake he . gus ( cont 'd ) tell I ! steven ( cold as steel , with a smile ) you 'il have to earn it . his smug reaction confuse Gus a bit , but escalate he rage . gus ( gritting through he tooth ) I be gonna fuck rip you heart out . 53 . steven ( shrugging ) then you 'il never know why I lock you up . Gus 's mind race at the implication of Steven 's word . steven ( cont 'd ) can you really live with that ? gus fuck you ! steven you have five day to find out ... gus fuck you !!! steven after that , I x11 kill everything you ever love . Gus 's hand wrap around Steven 's throat and he begin to squeeze . Steven snap he finger and Larry drop a needle on a turntable . a record play '' climb every Mountain . '' Gus fall to the floor , crumble limply in a heap . Steven step over he . as Gus writhes on the floor , paralyze by the song , Steven look outside the wall of glass , across to another building . steven ( cont 'd ) you be really horrible at protect you woman . Gus eye struggle to look at Steven . steven ( cont 'd ) like I say : be it a pebble or grain of sand , in water they both sink alike . ( sing ) follow every byway , every path you know . climb every mountain ... he nod to Larry the bodyguard and they head out . steven ( cont 'd ) you have five day . 54 . Gus strain to look out the window . he see straight into Anna 's apartment . she walk towards the door as men force they way into the apartment . they grab onto she . she struggle as they violently force themselves upon she ... we pan back towards Gus 's face as he watch on . the rage and pain he feel at what he see send tear down he cheek . he can not turn away , force himself not to close he eye and watch the horror unfold . suddenly , the song end and the needle return to its cradle . the effect of the song end and Gus retain power over he body and be able to move once again . without miss a beat , Gus rush out of the apartment . CUT to : ext . anna 's apartment as Gus approach the apartment , he see it 's open . he rush in to find - int . anna 's apartment the place be in shamble . several thug from the stor -4 - U fight be crowded in , wait for Gus . many of they wear bandage and walk with limp . anna sob when Gus enter , still tie up . face bloody . a knife be press against Gus 's throat and he 's force into a seat . toph pull up a chair across from he , smile . his front tooth have be replace by platinum filler . toph like ‘em ? teeth be replaceable . Toph walk over to Anna . toph ( cont ’d ) I be go to take something you can not replace . Toph run he hand over she body - a show especially for Gus , who struggle futilely . 55 . two man force Gus to face Toph , who walk over towards they . one of he goons hand Gus a serrate hunt knife , which he point at Gus 's heart . slowly she run the knife towards Gus 's groin . Gus squirm as the knife brushes he pelvis . Toph make a lung motion - Gus eye close as he scream with the hand muffle he cry - but nothing happen . Gus be toy with he . the thug laugh as Toph lean in close to Gus . toph ( cont ’d ) we always imagine it worse than it really be . ( beat ) now get ready for the real thing ... Toph put the claw in Gus 's mouth again , only this time find a tooth . knock - knock ! Toph and company stop . at the door be Larry , Steven 's henchman . he hold a briefcase . toph ( cont ’d ) what 's this ? Larry flip open the briefcase to reveal row after row of neatly stack hundred . Toph smile that platinum smile , take the briefcase . toph ( cont ’d ) ( to Gus ) lucky sonuva ... ( to he man ) let 's go . they all start to head out , but Toph get a change of heart . take a bat from one of he man , he rush back over to Gus and strike he . then , straighten himself , Toph and the thug head out . gus stay . Toph stop at the door . toph what ? 56 . Gus weakly crawl on the floor behind he . gus stay ... and fight . a few of they snicker . gus ( cont 'd ) I be gonna cut you hand off . Toph sneer , exit the apartment . gus ( cont 'd ) you hear I ? int . hallway as Toph and he man exit , Gus 's voice echoe behind they - toph ( to he man ) what about my tongue ? they all laugh , continue down the hall . int . anna 's apartment Gus shut the door . he turn he attention to Anna who quietly whimper . he crawl partway then struggle to stand . gain he balance , he walk over to she and undoe the gag in she mouth . with the gag go , she gasp for air , sobbing . she try to scream but she dry throat will not allow it . Gus work she hand free from the bind . first one hand then the other . exhausted , she fall into he arm . he barely have any energy leave to catch she . she finally stand on she own and push away from he . she look into he eye . his apologetic . hers seethe with anger . with blind speed , she cock she hand back and slap he . hard . he do not react to the slap . her anger mount and she slap he again . soon she anger turn to despair and she begin to cry . 57 . Gus try to comfort she try to wrap he arm around she . she try to get away from he push back but he overpower she . with close fist , she beat at he chest , but she energy 's wane . anna you do this !!! she finally fall into he arm , sobbing into he chest . without a word , Gus let Anna take she anger out until she 's spend . anna ( cont 'd ) fuck you !!! with a delicate touch we have never see from Gus , he hold she face into he hand . he wipe the smear mascara run from she eye . gus ( in a whisper ) I will not let anything happen to you again . she look up at he . gus ( cont 'd ) I promise . her anger subside . Anna fall into he arm , exhaust . CUT to : later Gus lay on the mattress , awake . he stroke she hair . Anna be curl up next to he grab onto he like a security blanket , sleep . she stir in she sleep . she gasp and sit up , breathe hard . she wake from a nightmare , look around the room . Gus sit up behind she . gus I be right here . you be have a nightmare . she look over to he , touch he face to reassure herself . satisfied , she shift and lie on he lap . he stroke she hair . 58 . gus ( cont 'd ) go back to sleep . Gus keep stroking she hair to try and soothe she . she push he hand away , roughly . anna do not . Gus put he hand back on she hair . she try to push he away again . Gus catch she hand and hold they like a vice . then he release they gently and put he hand back on she hair and stroke it again . Anna look away and lie down face away from he . tear stream down from she face . anna ( cont 'd ) I can not make it stop . there 's a brief silence except for Anna 's sniffle . she wipe she eye . anna ( cont 'd ) I be fourteen . my grandpa be a preacher . I be he perfect granddaughter . always attend Sunday School at the church ... she struggle to continue - she need to let this out . anna ( cont 'd ) one Sunday after class , the teacher ask I to stay late to help he clean up . she get choke up in tear . anna ( cont 'd ) his hand be so strong . I could not stop he . I try ... Gus close he eye pain for she . anna ( cont 'd ) when I tell my grandpa , he just look at I in this way . like I do something wrong . like it be my fault . he say he would take care of it , but he do nothing . ( beat ) ( more ) 59 . anna ( cont 'd ) so every Sunday I have to face this monster and I could not say a word . he have just smile and act like nothing happen . I have see he place , around town , always with that same , sick smile . gus you be safe here . she break down , sobbing . as Gus hold she , he can not see the concern that slowly wash over she face . it 's clear she do not believe he . CUT to : morning Gus wake still in he bloody clothes . he rub he eye and see that Anna be already go . later Gus be wiping down she table . he gather some loose change , everything be in its place and organize . after wiping the table , Gus inspect he work . CUT to : later Gus open the small refrigerator and peer in . he take a survey of what 's in there , but there 's not much . he close the door and think for a second before walk back to the table . he look into the bowl and dip he finger inside , push the money around , count it in he head . he pause for a beat and think for a second . CUT to : ext . bodega Gus walk out of the bodega with a bag full of grocery . he pause outside as he walk by the fresh flower stand . he stare at the flower and at the woman cut the stem off the flower . 60 . he reach into he pocket and count what money he have leave . he look over the flower and spot a pretty but inexpensive bouquet . CUT to : int . anna 's apartment - evening Gus stare at she small dining table . the table be set for a dinner he 's cook . the flower have be place into a makeshift vase in the middle of the set . he go over to a basket near the entry way and grab some matchbook . he take one and light candle , toss the matchbook aside . he look at everything , pleased . CUT to : int . anna 's apartment - later the candle have burn down . one have blow out completely . Gus sit in one of the chair stare at the clock on the wall . Anna 's late . frustrate , he walk towards the window and look outside . after a few moment , he come back to the table . he notice the blow out candle and go for the matchbook . he light the candle and take a look at the matchbook cover . it 's a picture of a cue ball with the number 13 . on the opposite end , the word : club 13 . he look over to the other matchbook and they be all the same . ext . club thirteen Gus walk up to small unassume door and a large glass window . it 's more a neighborhood bar than a actual club , but it 's get music blast inside and it 's pack . Gus peer in through the window and see Anna inside . she have a drink in hand and flirtatiously lean against a wall as a young man stand over she , he hand brace the wall . the young man lean in and kiss she neck . she turn away , see Gus stare at she through the window . she look away from Gus and pull the Young man closer to she , give he a deep long kiss . he 's see enough . Gus charge through the door . 61 . int . club thirteen Gus plow through the mostly young crowd . he stick out like a sore thumb . he push people aside brusquely until he find Anna in the back corner with the young man . she look briefly at Gus then try to ignore he . Gus move the Young man aside and take Anna by she hand . anna I need a drink . the Young man have spill he drink on himself , look at Gus perturb . young man this guy bother you ? Gus whirl around and look at the Young man with a angry but focus expression . gus leave . he turn from he , in condescending fashion , train he attention back to Anna . gus ( cont 'd ) let 's go . Anna rip she hand from he . anna I be not go anywhere . leave I alone . she move towards the young man and wrap she arm around he . she look straight into Gus 's eye and then kiss the Young man in front of he , she hand trail down to he crotch . young man ( shit-eate grin ) I think she like I . Gus grab onto Anna once again and drag she with he . she try to fight but can not free herself . the Young man grab onto Gus 's shoulder and turn he around . 62 . young man ( cont ’d ) listen , you old fuck ... big mistake . without let go of Anna 's hand . Gus swing at the Young man . crunch !!! Gus connect with the Young man 's nose and blood fly everywhere . the Young man stagger back and fall to the ground . he grab Anna , but she fight he tooth and nail , make a scene . security show up . a bouncer push up on Gus , but - bam ! - he get a face full of fist . she scream . Gus drag Anna out , almost carry she out the door the crowd keep away from Gus , not want to receive he wrath , while other go in the aid of the Young man , whose face be cover in he own blood . ext . club thirteen Gus carry Anna out the door in a giant bear hug . she kick and scream . anna let I go , you asshole ! Gus put she down . gus stop scream . anna fuck you . gus you want to act like a little girl , I be go to treat you like one . Anna struggle a bit more then realize it 's no use . anna you be hurt I . Gus put she down and but keep hold of she hand . he walk down the street pull she behind he . 63 . int . anna 's apartment Gus drag Anna inside and push she into the apartment roughly . Anna almost fall by the force . she come inside the apartment and look around . she stare at the set - up in the dining table . Gus stand there embarrassed by everything . she look over to he . he do not answer . she walk over to the table , then suddenly swipe the set off with she hand send dish to the floor . Gus look at she stunne and hurt - it 's not the reaction he be hope for . anna I do not ask for this . she take a snort of cocaine . Gus walk over to she gus how long you be do that shit ? Anna take a swing at he but he catch she hand . anna get the fuck out . I want you to leave . she try to push he towards the door . anna ( cont 'd ) just like everyone else . you get you fix then you go ! she hit he with she fist . one land cut Gus on the lip . he try to catch she flail arm as she begin to attack . tear be stream from she face . Gus finally grab hold of she hand . gus that be the past . that 's not I . anna it never change . she struggle again but Gus restrain she . in the heat of the struggle , Gus grab she face and kiss she . she resist . for a moment . anna ( cont 'd ) leave I alone . 64 . then the passion take over . soon they be grasp at each other 's body . take off clothes while they lip devour each other . this release be heat and just about as violent as they struggle . they tumble towards the mattress . they body cling to each other in desperation . undress , Gus lay on top of Anna kissing she breast and move up she neck until find she lip . Anna moan in ecstasy . she grab he head forcefully and feed he with a kiss . they begin to make love . close on Anna 's face - a cross between pain and pleasure . she bite she lip to keep from scream , as Gus enter she . they make passionate love , that 's mix with fear , violence and love . time CUT : Gus and Anna lie naked in each other 's arm . he stroke she arm gently . she close she eye . bliss . CUT to : bathroom Gus and Anna take a bath together , take turn soap each other up . she splashes he , laugh . CUT to : live room the drine of a hairdryer . Anna sit on the floor , head bow as Gus kneel behind she blow - drying she hair with one hand , brush it out with the other . finally , he turn the machine off . as he continue brush , she let off a satisfied sigh . later Anna lean back against Gus . suddenly , she look at he . her face grow serious . Anna get up , go to the closet . she pull out a shoebox , bring it over to the bed . 65 . gus what be you do ? anna something I should have do a long time ago . she open the box and we see that it 's fill with memento . picture of old boyfriend , love letter , poem . anna ( cont 'd ) I do not know why I hold on to this for so long . she grab a pair of scissors , start cut picture in half , throw they in the trash . Gus look at a poem , but she snap it out of he hand , toss it in the trash . she cut and cut and cut . picture after picture fall into the trash , ex-boyfriend after ex-boyfriend . she take the whole box and turn it over , dump everything into the trash . a total purging . Anna find this somewhat exhilate . Gus look down at a picture . something about the face pull he closer . the color begin to drain from he face . close on photo : one that Anna do not cut yet . a familiar face . he have he arm around Anna , they hair muss . gus stagger back in shock . he look at Anna as though she just plunge a knife into he belly . anna ( cont ’d ) what ? she go to he , take a look at the picture . Gus can not look at she . he shove the picture back anna ( cont 'd ) ( with grow alarm ) that 's Steven . we just go on a few date . gus it 's he . 66 . anna who ? Anna be start to panic . anna ( cont 'd ) what do you mean ? now he look at she full on . his gaze overpower , condemn . gus how do you meet ? anna Online . beat . then the inevitable moment of dread - gus do you fuck he ? she look away , eye avert . he take a deep breath . gus ( cont 'd ) do you still talk ? anna sometimes . gus Online or - anna yes fuck online ! gus log on . see if he 's there . CUT to : same - moment later Anna sit in front of the computer screen . Gus pace behind . on screen : her buddy list display the name '' Evergreen '' . anna he 's on . 67 . gus talk to he . anna Gus ... gus talk to he goddammit ! she click on '' Evergreen '' and a instant Messenger window pop open . immediately , Evergreen type : '' hello Gus . be she good ? '' Gus punch the wall , lose he mind . gus ( cont ’d ) he watch my every move . anna I can not do this right now . Gus stare at the screen name , pace . another message follow : '' you have three day . '' Evergreen disappear from she buddy list . on screen it say : '' Evergreen have logge off . '' Gus pace once again . Anna feel terrible , start to cry . gus can not fuck believe this ! but he word only make it worse . she can not stop now . he grab she up in a tight embrace , almost too tight . Anna sob into he strong arm . she feel both comfort and uncertainty . Security mix with abject fear . CUT to : int . mike 's office - night Mike sit behind a big desk . in he hand he hold the picture of Steven . only now , Anna have be cut out . 68 . Gus and Anna sit opposite , study Mike 's face . mike someone 's be cut out . gus nevermind that . look at the face . Mike stare hard . mike and you say he name be Steve ? gus Steven . last name , riordan . mike riordan , riordan ... ( beat ) I do not know this guy . ( beat ) hey wait , remember telly from high school ? he run a software company that find people online . maybe we could - Gus stop in he track - a moment of realization . anna his screen name 's Evergreen if that help ? mike Evergreen . .? Gus slowly turn to Mike . gus Mike ... high school . Gus and Mike look at each other , a sudden realization . mike be you shitting I ? anna what ? gus Mike and I go to a school call the Evergreen Academy . I transfer to St. Joe 's my sophomore year . it can not bea coincidence . 69 . they sit in stunne silence . a connection have be make . mike I do not remember any Steven riordan . then again , I can barely remember college . anna we need a yearbook . mike do not look at I . I lose mine year ago . Gus get up - gus I be go down there . mike it 's two hour away . gus give I you key . I be borrow you car . CUT to : int . car - night Gus drive . leather seat , moon roof , the whole nine . ext . evergreen high school - day Gus drive up to the high school , park in front . Anna get out , stretch she leg look around . the school be a cluster of old brick building surround by tree and greenery . Old school - old money . Gus look around at the campus , the wheel of memory turn . int . library - day Anna sit with Gus , flipping through a yearbook . a librarian scrutinize they . he get to the ' R 's . but there be no Steven . gus no Steven riordan in any grade . 70 . anna maybe it 's not he real name . we should just look at the face . he slide the book aside , frustrated . he look out the window . meanwhile , Anna open the book again , flip to through the woman 's section . gus ( v.0 . ) High school be a prison I leave and never look back . now I be force to look , but I can not see a thing . what crime commit here could deserve such a punishment ? a envelope fall out , Gus pick it up . it 's a coupon for a hair salon call Susan 's Hair creation . he look at it for a beat before pockete it . gus ( cont 'd ) that 's the girl 's section . anna I know . I see something ... she stop at a name : caroline riordan . anna ( cont 'd ) caroline riordan . the name strike a chord with Gus . his mind race , he look around as if the wall be close in on he . anna ( cont 'd ) do you remember she ? he look out the window to a kiosk in front of the school . a girl stand there , hold she book bag , wait to be pick up . Gus stare at she , something about the visual bring he back to ... CUT to : ext . evergreen high school - day ( flashback ) a strikingly beautiful girl with long brunette hair and pierce blue eye stand by the same kiosk , year earlier . this be caroline riordan , 17 . she look around the empty parking lot wait for someone . 71 . young gus stand nearby on he bike , smoking a cigarette . he look at he watch , then glance up at caroline . she flash a quick smile then turn away , coyly . Gus stare at she , awestruck . slowly , he approach . she sense he come , try to look busy by look at the kiosk , full of flyer and announcement . Gus clear he throat . she be look at a flyer . close on the flyer - a audition for a play : medea . gus ( cont have ) you think about audition ? awkward silence . gus ( cont 'd ) you should . I bet you 'il get it . caroline smile . caroline oh yeah ? how about you ? Gus scoff . gus I ? I be in the sixth grade production of ' the sound of Music 's and I forget all the song except one : ' climb every Mountain . 's caroline that 's my favorite song from my favorite musical . ( beat ) I think actor be really cool . gus why would I wanna be cool ? caroline look at the cigarette . Gus look at it too , which he flick to the floor and stamp with he foot . gus ( cont 'd ) you be new here , right ? my name 's Gus . in the distance , a teenager stand look at they . steven riordan , 16 , quiet and unassume , with a camera strapped around he neck . 72 . caroline there 's my brother . I gotta go . she head towards she brother . then pause and turn to he . caroline ( cont have ) ( cont ’d ) ( call out ) caroline . my name 's caroline riordan . she flash he a devastating smile before join she brother and walk away . Gus watch she go . he catch Steven look back glaring at he . CUT to : int . car - day Gus drive along the street towards the quiet town of Evergreen . his mind race . Anna sit next to he stare at the sight outside . anna so what be she like ? Gus ponder the question but do not answer . outside , a school bus drive down on the opposite side of the street . Gus look at it briefly . a boy on a bike follow behind the slow move bus , struggle to keep up . it 's Young Gus . Gus look at Young Gus pedall away through he rear view mirror . ext . STREET - day ( flashback ) Young Gus pedal furiously as the school bus make several stop . Young Gus cut through a small park area - a short cut . the bus stop and caroline get off the bus . she walk across the street to a public bus stop where she meet up with she brother Steven . CUT to : 73. ext . STREET - day ( flashback ) the public bus make a stop and caroline and Steven get off the bus . in the distance , Young Gus watch from he bike . caroline and Steven walk towards they home . Steven reach for he sister 's hand to hold it . caroline shake free from he grasp . Gus watch this interaction . that be odd . he start pedall slowly , make sure he 's undetected . CUT to : ext . STREET - day ( flashback ) a low income neighborhood . the street be line with small home that have not be maintain . caroline and Steven walk into they house - paint peel , grass overgrown , junk pile everywhere . Young Gus ride he bike up and stand behind a tree watch the house , hope to get a glimpse of caroline . suddenly , from inside the house , through a window he see a figure of a older man , they father . he look unkempt and scraggly , he shirt unbuttone . he 's scream at - caroline enter the window , fear in she eye . father do not you walk away from I . her father grab she hand and push she close to he . she push he back , struggle to get away . he slap she hard . caroline manage to get free and run out of the house . she run to the side of the house away and lean up against the wall cry , she hand feel she sting face . Steven run out look for she . he approach slowly . he go up to she and hug she . she cry into he shoulder . he hold she face in he hand . he lean in ... for a kiss . he 's about to kiss she on the lip , but she turn the last minute and he give she a tender kiss on the cheek . 74 . Gus watch on . there 's something unnerve about they interaction - something wrong . he feel like he 's witness something taboo , press against a tree to keep from be see . ext . downtown evergreen - day ( present ) the image of Young Gus appear as a reflection on a store front window that disappear as present Day Gus stare at it . he take out the flyer for the hair salon and walk down the street fill with quaint store and boutique . he look back towards he car , see Anna sit there look out the window at he . he look back down the street . across from where he stand he spot a small hair salon with a sign read : susan's hair creation . from a nearby coffee shop , susan andrucki , 40s , exit with coffee in she hand . she saunter through the shop look at she hair through a store window 's reflection . she wave at other store owner and passerby 's before enter the shop . Gus cross the street head for the salon . int . salon - day Susan sit in a salon chair sip she coffee talk on the phone . Gus enter . Susan swivel towards he not look up , still talk . susan ( cont would ) ( to Gus ) I will be just a sec . Gus clear he throat . susan ( cont have ) ( cont ’d ) ( on the phone ) uh huh , uh huh . you say it . gus Susan andrucki . she look up , do not recognize he ... but familiarity begin to creep up on she . 75 . susan ( cont would ) ( on the phone ) dana , I gotta call you back . she hang up the phone . susan ( cont have ) ( cont ’d ) I have not be Susan andrucki for a long time ... CUT to : later Gus sit in the salon chair stare at he reflection as Susan cut he hair . he focus on she mouth , seemingly move a mile a minute . we catch phrase here and there . susan ( cont have ) ( cont ’d ) Susan barker . that 's my marry name . ( another ) you be always such a troublemaker back then . but look at you now . time 's be good to you . ( another ) you better tell that jerk to call I back . I spend good money to find he on the internet . Susan run she finger flirtatiously through he hair . she walk behind he and unbutton she top button on she blouse . she circle he and lean over , let he get a eyeful of she full breast . Gus just stare at she expressionless , look beyond she to the mirror . Gus watch he reflection as he get groom , look better and cleaner . gus do you remember caroline riordan ? Susan sigh , realize he disinterest . susan caroline riordan . .? gus Drama club . susan God that name take I back . 76 . gus you remember ? she nod solemnly , affect by the name . Gus look at himself in the mirror , the haircut make he look young . CUT to : int . evergreen school - locker - day ( flashback ) close on Young Gus , stare at he reflection in a mirror mount on he locker door . kid stream through the corridor all around he . something in the mirror catch he eye : caroline , approach from the end of the hall behind Gus . he shut the locker and turn around , look at caroline . he 's take with she simple beauty , she modesty . susan ( v.0 . ) transfer student . get in ona scholarship , which basically mean she be White trash with a brain . pretty girl , but everybody know where she be from . what she really be . gus ( v.0 . ) what ? susan ( v.0 . ) what else ? a slut ... but he notice something else , too . other kid be gawk at she , leer . she 's be ridicule . caroline pretend not to notice , act as though it do not get to she . yet still , a hint of pain and embarrassment be evident . CUT to : int . salon - day Susan stare at Gus via the mirror . susan everyone try to forget after what happen . it 's funny how we remember what we only want to remember . what happen to she be awful . she stop . 77 . gus I do not remember much . susan that 's right , you transfer . ( beat ) they find she body wash up on the river . drown herself . jumped maybe ... gus why ? susan ( shrug ) who really know ? there be so many rumor around . she be pregnant , she do not know who the father be ... ( pause ) there be one rumor ... Gus look at she . she make a face . susan ( cont have ) ( cont ’d ) look , it be high school we be all cruel . out to save we own skin . gus do you remember anything else about she ... or she brother ? his tone become more urgent . Susan 's start to tire with this cold . Gus 's eye ext . salon trip down memory lane . her expression go susan why do not you go ask the person that start all the rumor . gus who ? susan you old buddy . Mike . widen , surprised . - day Gus pace in front of the hair salon , dial a number on he cell phone . 78 . int . penthouse - day Mike be in the middle of a party , do a line of coke . pretty , scantily clad woman be everywhere . he pull one onto he lap , wrap he arm around she waist . Mike 's phone ring . he look at he phone , ignore the call . ext . salon - day Gus hit ' end 's on the cell phone , frustrated . CUT to : ext . evergreen school - day Gus and Anna 's car return to the school . int . car - day Gus park the car and take out the key . he turn to towards Anna and see she curl up on the seat sleep . she look so peaceful that he decide not to wake she . he quietly slip out of the car . ext . evergreen school - day Gus walk through campus look at the empty building try to gain some clarity . he stop and look at a building in the distance and be draw to it . he make he way towards the building . int . theater - day Gus push the door open and enter the dark building . he go to the back wall to turn on the light . the theater come to life as the light flicker on . Gus walk down the aisle and take a seat in the middle of the empty theater . frustrate he bury he head in he hand . he close he eye , and let the memory take over . when he look at the stage again he see ... 79 . two young boy . a young Mike and a young Gus smoke cigarettes on stage carry paint and brushes . it 's a flashback but the present Gus exist in the same space . Gus quietly look on remember . the stage Mike and Gus paint a backdrop , surround by can and brushes . as Gus work he smoke a light cigarette half - dangle out of he mouth . young mike can you fuck believe this ? Drama Club suck . it 's like be in special Ed . young gus you should feel at home then . Mike give Gus the finger , step back to admire he paint job . Gus flick he cigarette on the ground , stamp it out with he foot . young mike I do not know how I let you talk I into this . all for some stupid chick . young gus oh you should talk . at least I do not do someone else 's homework to get to second base . young mike it be third base . and believe I , it be worth it . Gus pick up he brush again and start painting . young mike ( cont ’d ) ( look at watch ) shit . I tell Susan I have meet she after band practice . he drop he brush in a bucket , wiping he hand off . young gus we get work to do . young mike just this once , man . I think we be go all the way soon . 80 . young gus you wish . present day Gus watch young Mike exit . he then return he gaze on the young Gus on stage . young gus ( cont have ) ( cont ’d ) asshole . Young Gus look around the empty theater then look up at the light . he sigh and disappear behind the stage . Gus watch he young self disappear behind the stage . curious , he get up and follow . he run up on stage and look up at the catwalk overlook the theater , see Young Gus 's shadow . he follow . the catwalk present day Gus carefully walk up the creak structure , careful not to disturb he memory . he see young Gus perch above look over the stage . Young Gus rest he elbow over the catwalk ledge and look around . he make sure he 's alone and pull out a joint from he pocket . young gus ( cont have ) ( cont 'd ) ( hum ) I think we be alone now ... he put the joint to he lip and be about to light it when ... a figure walk onto the stage . both Young Gus and present Day Gus retract into the darkness careful not to be see . the stage caroline walk onto the stage . both Young and present Day Gus peek over the catwalk , catch a glimpse of she . she walk in the middle of the stage and look out to the audience . she like it up here . she begin to recite line . caroline come flame of the sky ... 81 . she stop , not like the delivery . she close she eye to get into the moment . the catwalk Young Gus look at she and smile , enchant . he 's fall for she . present Day Gus look at himself , empathetic . the stage caroline take a deep breath , start over . caroline ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) come , flame by sky , pierce through my head ! what do I gain from live any longer ? oh how I hate live ! I want to end my life , leave it behind , and die . she 's good . the catwalk Young Gus be draw to she , emerge from the shadow . he want to go down , but suddenly ... the stage another figure emerge from the side of the stage . the catwalk Young Gus withdraw back into the shadow . the stage Steven riordan join he sister . a camera sling around he neck . he take a picture of she caroline ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) c'mon , Steven . I be try to practice . he take another shot . she 's annoyed but love the attention of the camera . caroline ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) go away ! I need to learn my line . he take another shot , then place the camera down . 82 . steven what madness be this ? the bed you long for - be it what other shrink from ? be it death that you demand ? while recite line , Steven circle she take picture . she laugh at he . caroline you miss a few line . steven see ? you know it . you do not need to practice . he keep take shot , get closer to she . she 's get into it , pose and act coy . caroline stop ... he be only a few inch from she . he stop take shot and place the camera down . he look at he beautiful sister . she gaze back at he . CUT to : int . theater - day angle on catwalk Young Gus watch the interaction between caroline and she brother with morbid fascination . Steven lean into he sister for a kiss . it look like they lip will meet but she push he away . she laugh and run behind the stage . backstage caroline and Steven play a flirtatious game , run after each other . Steven trap she against a wall , hold he arm out pin he in between . caroline what be you do ? steven no one 's here . 83 . she duck under he arm and run to a corner and sit on a desk . Steven approach she slowly . he take the camera and begin to take picture again , the flash explode with each shot . she love the attention of the camera . she lean back on she hand , and let he take picture of she . it 's as if the camera be make love to she . Steven finally let 's go of the camera . he 's directly in front of she , between she leg . he touch she thigh . steven ( cont ’d ) but I be here . I be always go to be , caroline . I be go to take care of you . she protest but she passion be clearly overwhelming . his hand travel up she thigh , disappear between she skirt . she moan . he lean in and tenderly kiss she neck then travel up to she lip . they kiss passionately . the catwalk Young Gus , be horrify . he take a step back and the catwalk creak . the stage caroline and Steven jump , surprised . caroline gather herself . steven ( cont 'd ) who 's there ? caroline run out . Steven look around and stare straight at present Day Gus before run out after he sister . the catwalk present Day Gus look around at the empty theater . the set disappear as the memory fade . he stand alone . ext . theater - day Gus stand out of breath still reeling from the memory . he scramble for he phone and dial . 84 . a uneasy feel begin to fall on Gus . gus Mike ?!! CUT to : int . penthouse - night Mike be walk through the party , cell phone press to he ear . he 's open door , look for something . mike hang on . let I find someplace quiet . he open one last door , see a office , walk in . office Mike close the door behind he , the thumping music fade into background noise . it 's dark , he switch a desk lamp on . mike ( cont 'd ) I be about to close a massive deal . it 's gonna put I back on top . can we make this quick ? gus ( v.0 . ) listen to I . I need you to remember caroline riordan . from Evergreen . Mike close he eye and think . mike do not ring a bell . gus ( angry ) . c'mon , this be important . think ! she kill herself . the door to the office open , and the music swell . Mike hold a finger up , not look back - somebody 's enter the room . mike ( to visitor ) I 'il be with you in a second . 85 . the door close , and the music be muffle into background noise once more . Mike play with a pendulum . behind he a figure stand wait in the dark ... CUT to : ext . theater - day Gus look on at the car , impatiently . Anna still sleep . gus be someone there with you ? mike yeah I gotta go ... gus wait ! she have long dark hair . she be in theater . the same year as we be . int . penthouse office Mike begin to remember . mike wait , I do remember that chick . that crazy girl . ( beat ) she drown herself in the river . it be fuck up . gus why ? mike man , she be a total slut . slept with everyone . ( beat ) oh shit . she be fuck she brother ! the figure in shadow shuffles , move forward towards Mike . gus how could you forget something like that ? 86 . mike it be so long ago . who know what 's true . anyway , she die , end of story . no one care . the figure move in closer ... ext . theater - day Gus come to a realization . gus you tell everyone ! ( beat ) it be you ... int . office - day we see Mike as Young Mike , on the phone . the figure be just behind Mike . mike fuck you man . that 's a shitty thing to say ... gus but you do . mike maybe I tell a few people . but I be not the one that start it . ext . theater - day Gus talk on the phone , agitate . gus then who do ? ext . STREET - day ( flashback ) Mike and Gus walk they bike , backpack sling behind they . Gus have a pre-occupy look . he glance over to mike. 87 . gus ( serious , subdued ) I gotta tell you something , but you gotta swear not to tell anyone . Mike nod . int . office - day Young Mike on the phone , the dark figure tower above he . ext . theater - day Mike 's silence cut Gus like a cruel accusation . he nearly double over at the realization . int . penthouse office - day present day Mike hold the phone impatiently . the figure behind Mike have he tie off , wrap around he hand like piano wire . reveal : Steven lower the tie around Mike 's neck strangle he . Mike drop he cell phone and grab at the tie around he neck . Steven look on focus , empower by he passion and anger . Mike can only make choke noise as he struggle . ext . theater Gus can hear the struggle on the other end . gus Mike ? hello ? Mike !!! int . penthouse office Mike slump over the desk , dead . Gus 's voice can be hear through the cell phone , call out for he . Steven grab the cell phone , in tear . steven my sister be not a slut . you hear I ?! 88. gus ( v.0 . ) you sick son of a bitch ! steven do not feel too bad . Mike get what he deserve . Steven hang up the phone . int . car - evening Gus drive numb and emotionless . Ann awaken . she look at he tenderly . anna how long have I be asleep ? Anna reach out for he and touch he hand . her touch push he over . he let out a blood-curdling scream . Anna just stare as he scream and scream , pound the steering wheel , cry in anguish . camera pull back through the windshield , out of the car . we can still see Gus scream , but we can no longer hear he : ext . car - evening we view he violent outburst from outside the car but can only hear the incredible silence of the desolate road . ext . motel - night Gus and Anna 's car drive up to motel . int . motel - night Gus and Anna sit on the bed . she face he , he face the wall . anna you get lock up for twenty year for say that ? gus whether it 's a pebble or a grain of sand in water they both sink alike . 89 . anna we beat the deadline . gus tomorrow be the anniversary of she death . anna but that do not matter . you want to know why . you have you answer . now it 's over . let 's just keep go . they stare into each other 's eye , and it clearly affect Gus . her earnestness grow . she sense that she may finally be reach he - push further . anna ( cont 'd ) someplace he can not find we . we can start over . you can walk away . he struggle to answer she , but instead turn away and steel himself . Anna wait for any sign from he for a beat , then resign herself to he silence . after a few moment , she take he arm , rest she head against he shoulder . CUT to : int . motel room - night Gus and Anna lie naked together in bed , post - coital deep sleep , she leg drape over he . angle on door , as gas seep into the room through a crack at the bottom . time CUT to : same - moment later ecu on gas mask , a man 's face barely visible behind . it 's Steven and it look like he 's smile . he walk across the gas-fill room , to the bed where Anna and Gus sleep oblivious to he presence . he kneel down next to she , run a finger along she expose hip slowly slide off what 's leave of the cover , leave she completely naked . thru he gas mask , Steven 's breathe be loud and slow , like a astronaut explore a new world . 90 . he turn to look up at : larry stand by the door . he too wear a gas mask . in he hand he hold a elegantly wrap gift box . CUT to : ext . motel room - day the sun have rise . it 's a new day . int . motel room Anna and Gus hover over the strange gift box , bewilder by its presence . Gus cautiously open it . close on BOX : sitting there on a velvet cushion , be a man 's severe hand . we ’1ll recognize the ostentatious ring as belong to Toph . she stare at it a long beat , before collapse on the ground unconscious . ext . highway - day Gus drive Mike 's jaguar back to the city . int . mike 's car - day Gus be stoneface . Anna look out the window . anna we do not have to do this . gus we have no choice . there 's no where safe for we . until I end it . int . public storage - day Gus and Anna walk through the hallway of Toph 's public storage building . Toph 's lackey watch he pass by suspiciously . anna what be we do here ? 91 . Gus do not answer , focus . Anna look at he unsure . Gus walk on as Anna scurries after he . int . public storage / toph be office - day Gus and Anna enter the room follow by Toph 's thug . Toph sit with he back to they . slowly , he swivel around to reveal that he hand have be replace by a prosthetic . he look at they , then subconsciously rub he fake hand . gus we need to talk . alone . after stare into he eye , Toph wave he prosthetic at he thug , who grab onto Anna and lead she away . anna gus. ( to the thug ) let go of I you asshole . Gus look at she . gus go with they . the thug lead she away , as she make it difficult . when they be out of sight , Gus approach Toph and take a seat opposite he . gus it look like we have both get a score to settle . Gus give he the ostentatious ring . Toph take it , stroke it nostalgically . toph it appear that way . gus tell I where he be . Toph look at he contemplate the request . CUT to : 92. int . stor -4-u - corridor Gus walk towards the exit alone . in the background , we hear Anna scream and plead . anna ( 0.s. ) do not leave I here ! Gus ! Gus keep walk , know it 's for the best toph ( v.0 . ) a enemy 's enemy be a friend , right ( beat ) it 's in the theater district gus ( v.0 . ) if I do not come back by tomorrow , let she go . ext . aerial view - theater district - night marquee light and neon sign switch off one by one . the theater district be sleep . ext . theater - night Gus head towards a warehouse space transformed into a theater . the marquee on the building read : medea . Gus try the door . it 's open . int . theater lobby - night Gus carefully enter the dimly light theater lobby . he walk through the lobby pass still from past production . he hear voice inside the theater int . theater - night Gus enter the darken theater . spotlight be position on stage as a young woman stand there . he take a closer look , focus on the woman 's face . all he can see be the young and beautiful caroline recite line . 93 . caroline come , flame by sky , pierce through my head ! what do I gain from live any longer ? oh how I hate live ! I want to end my life , leave it behind , and die . she look straight at he , pierce he with she dark eye as though look straight into he soul . he close he eye and look again : the young woman be not caroline at all just a actress rehearse . Gus shake he head try to shake the image from he mind . stage manager 's voice ( v.0 . ) ( through p.a. system ) that 's it for today folk , see you for dress rehearsal tomorrow . actor disperse . Gus look around try to spot Steven . suddenly , we hear a pair of hand clapping . the sound echoing in the empty theater . Gus look around try to spot the source . the light go out . all that remain be the spotlight focus on the stage . the stage from the darkness a dark figure emerge into the spotlight . Steven stand on stage clapping . steven congratulation . you make it just in time . furious , Gus run up to the stage , bum-rush Steven . he tackle he to the ground and start pummel he mercilessly . Steven do not make a move , not even to avoid be hit . Gus continue the onslaught of punch to Steve 's face . Steven 's head whip back as he spit out blood . Gus pause try to catch he breath . he seem animal - like . 94 . Steve look at he , bruise and bloody , work a smile on he lip . it look like he may be enjoy this . steven ( cont ’d ) go ahead , kill I . then you will miss the best part . Gus get up off he . Steven smile through the blood . steven there 's so much more for you to learn . gus fuck you ! I do not want to know anymore . steven then why be you here ? Steven disappear behind the curtain of the stage . Gus watch he go , cautious . be this a trap ? backstage Gus walk through the backstage and see a stairway . he look up to see Steven at the top of the stair . steven ( cont 'd ) up here . Gus hesitates for a beat then follow up the stair cautiously . Steven disappear into a door int . penthouse - night Gus walk into a spacious penthouse apartment above the theater . we hear the somber tune of mozart 's requiem . Gus look around . the wall be adorn with frame picture . on closer inspection , we see that the picture be mostly of caroline riordan . at the center be a large strike picture of caroline , try to look happy . behind she be a blurred picture of a river . Gus look stare at the haunt picture . Steven gather himself look at a mirror , wiping the blood from he face . steven I take that picture before she die . 95 . gus you take my life from I . kill the people I love and for what ? because I start a stupid rumor ? Steven laugh at the irony . steven a stupid rumor ... ( beat ) the rumor you start spread and spread , like a disease . gus I do not mean ... steven you be not even around to see what you create . gus it be a mistake . steven that mistake cost I everything . Steven look at the frame picture of caroline at the river . he touch it . steven I be not strong enough to hold on to she we zoom in on the picture as if come to life . ext . river bridge - day ( flashback ) Close on caroline 's smile face as the picture come alive . as widen out to reveal that caroline be lean of the bridge ready to plunge in the river . Steven be hold on to she right hand , cry , try to keep she from she fall . she dangle precariously over a shallow river , spot with jag rock . a camera , dangle around he neck . she look up at he . caroline do not cry . ( beat ) let I go . 96 . Steven hang on tighter . steven nooooo ! she gather a smile . with a she leave hand she reach over to the camera and click a picture of herself . the same picture now hang on the loft . caroline remember I . with that she unclasp she right hand , which begin to slip from Steven 's grasp . he try desperately to hold on but be not strong enough . he lose he grip and she fall . Steven 's Pov of caroline fall to the river below on she back , as if she 's float peacefully . he scream after she . int . penthouse - night Steven look at he hand . Gus look on guiltily . gus I be sorry . be that what you want ? Steven look at he furious . steven the time for apology be long over . Steven walk to he laptop and whirl it around towards Gus . Gus approach the laptop and see a window with a image . a surveillance video point into the storage room . in the room sit Anna fade to : int . room - night Anna sit on the bed stare at the clock . she look over to she suitcase and pull it towards she . 97 . int . penthouse - night Gus look at the image on the screen , horrify . steven you underestimate I . int . toph be office - day ( flashback ) Toph 's strapped to a chair , with he right arm expose . one of he thug let he drink from a bottle of whiskey . Steven look on in a corner , stoic . Toph take a deep breath and nod to Steven . toph ( gritting it ) get it fuck over with . Steven nod to another thug next to he who take out a hack see . the thug approach Toph and begin to see off he arm . Toph scream in pain . steven ( v.0 . ) I work my whole life to make money that mean nothing to I . int . penthouse - night steven but it should not surprise I how far people will go to get what they really want . this word ring in Gus 's head . he do not know what to do . gus she have nothing to do with this . let she go . Steven spin around , furious . he slam he fist ona table , crack the glass facade . steven she have everything to do with this . 98 . int . room - night Anna search through she suitcase . suddenly , the door open and Toph walk in carry a large gift box . int . penthouse - night Gus watch from the laptop . gus I swear to god if you hurt she ... steven that 's all up to you . Steven 's bodyguard larry enter hold a ornate photo album . he hand it to Steven . Steven leaf through it . steven ( cont have ) you care about she do not you ? Gus do not answer . steven ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) it be so perfect . I spend so much time think about how I would do it . make you feel the pain that I do . then it hit . it be so perfect . gus what be you talk about ? Steven hand Gus the photo album . Gus look at it , but do not take it . steven take it ! Larry stand nearby , arm fold across he chest . slowly , Gus 's hand reach out for the album . int . room - night Toph now sit on a chair by the bed . we see that he wear a holster with a gun . 99 . Anna eye the gun the gaze at the gift box he 's place by he . she continue to rummage through she suitcase find what she 's look for . she take out a wrinkle brown paper bag from she suitcase . int . penthouse - night Gus take the album and open the first page . a newborn baby . Gus turn the page , picture of Gus 's wife kayla and Gus hold the baby . Gus begin to cry , see this image , revisit old pain . he flip the page : more picture of the baby , now wear angel wing . then as a toddler on Christmas morning . then as a little girl learn to ride a bike . steven there 's something about she . you must have feel it right away ... Gus turn another page . picture of the girl as a teen . steven ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) as if you have know she all you life . Gus 's face become grim . a slow realization . int . room - night Anna pull the content of the brown paper bag . something discernible ... something white . int . penthouse - night Gus , scared , turn to the final page . a prom picture . Gus 's face go ashen . the girl in the photo be anna . int . room - night Anna sit on the bed . the angel 's wing strapped to she back like a security blanket . 100 . int . penthouse - night Gus crumble to the ground in tear , break . the room be spin and he dry heave . gus what have you do ? steven I have make you fall in love . Gus clutches at he stomach , reeling in the fact that he 's sleep with he own daughter . steven now you know how I feel . Steven get up and take out a gun . Gus stare at it with a look of dread and long . Steven smile . steven I be not go to kill you . he set the gun down next to Gus and walk away . he head for he picture . steven ( cont have ) in the box next to Anna be that same album . int . room - night Anna , wear the angel 's wing , look at the gift by she side . she put a hand to it . she look at Toph . Toph look at the clock and shake he head ' no . ' she lift she hand off the box and wait . Anna return she gaze to the box . int . penthouse - night Gus get a look of rage . he curl he finger into fist as he storm behind Steven . that 's when Larry step in block he path . Gus throw several punch , but Larry be a seasoned fighter . they crash into each other like fierce animal . Larry bring Gus to the ground , try to choke he out . but Gus outmaneuver he , and gain leverage . 101 . he jab Larry in the throat , wrench he arm too far to the leave - SNAP ! Larry be not give up , grab a clump of Gus 's hair . Gus head - butt he , cause blood to gush from Larry 's nose . he leave Larry on the ground squirming scramble to pick up the gun but Steven have it in he hand . he point it at Gus 's head . he motion for Gus to get up on he foot . gus please , I be begging you . do not show it to she . this be all my fault . do not punish she . Gus get up , defeat ... blubber . gus ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I will do anything . anything you want . Steven look away from he and back to the picture . Steven stare into caroline 's eye - a flash of anger that subside as quickly as it come . Steven wrap he arm around Gus as they stand side by side face opposite direction . Steven point the gun to Gus 's temple . one bullet and they both die . steven the only thing I do wrong be to love she , Gus . Gus open he eye , stop tremble . steven ( cont 'd ) we love each other and we be willing to live with that fact . ( beat ) now the question be , can you ? Steven pick up the phone with he free hand and dial . he wait a beat until someone on the other line pick up . steven ( cont 'd ) ( on the phone ) let she go ... hear this word spark Gus into action . he grab the gun from Steven - and in the blink of a eye - spin around and pull the trigger . the bullet fly through the air and land in Steven 's head - fly out the other end . 102 . for a moment , there be nothing bus silence . Gus and Steven stare at each other , a moment of unity and understanding . Steven 's face look serene as if he 's finally reach some inner peace . he fall back , dead . Gus stand there with the gun still smoking in he hand . int . room - night Toph hear nothing but silence over the phone . he reach for the gift box , hesitates . then he lift the cover . she take out the album . Toph get up off the chair and pull out a train ticket from he pocket . toph if I be you , I would go as far away from here as possible . he throw the ticket on the bed and exit leave the door wide open . Anna flip through the page of the book CUT to : ext . the road - year later Gus drive alone in a jeep down a rural country road . tree , mountain , peace . gus ( v.0 . ) too many question to answer , so I leave they all behind . int . gus 's jeep Gus 's hair have go completely grey . his eye have lose a bit of they former ferocity . his face be wrinkle , world - weary . gus ( v.0 . ) but wherever I go the question follow . what be happiness ? what be love ? where do we lay we heart to rest and move on with we life ? 103 . he turn up a small side road . CUT to : int . restaurant - year later a small town diner . Anna , again work as a waitress , take a order . there 's something different about she . she look older , more mature , a bit distant — sadness linger in she eye . the bell of the door ring , signal a new customer enter . she turn towards the door and see ... Gus , who also look older and a bit wear down . they regard each other for a bit , not move , not say anything . he look at she , longingly . he 's tear by he decision but know he can not stay away . fade to black . we fade up on the haunting SOUND of : the Zombies " time of the season " as credit roll