OLYMPUS have fallen by the rothenberger fade in : ext . camp david - day fall snow blanket the sprawling retreat in white . armed men carry mp - 5s patrol the wood footpath . super the legend : camp david , maryland in the distance , the high whine of engine . four snowmobile race through the drift field . slalome between the naked tree . closer the lead sno- cat streak forward . slew to a stop at the edge of Camp David 's broad , freeze lake . the rider turn -- meet mike banning . good-look , 30 , build of a former college athlete . wearing the unmistakable shade and coiled earpiece of the United States secret service . the other sno - cat pull up under ban 's watchful gaze . the rider be -- benjamin asher , a robust 50 , President of the United States -- martin trumbull , 53 , the Southern -bre speaker of the House -- and margaret '' maggie '' asher , the first Lady , a strike 42 . Riding tandem with the President be he 6 - year - old son , connor . asher impressive riding , agent ban -- banning just lead the way , sir . asher ( inhale the crisp air ) we need to do this more often -- maggie remove she helmet , smile . maggie do not you believe he , Mike . barely get he out here today -- it 's all work with this one . maggie smooth stray hair away from she face , tuck they under she knit cap . banning ( to connor ) how ya holdin’ up back there , partner ? you a ice cube yet ? connor , face nearly blue , bravely shake he head no . ban reach out , tweak the visor of the boy 's helmet . connor beam back ... hero - worship personify . trumbull ( to Asher , only half - joke ) can not be any colder than the reception you foreign policy initiative 's gettin’ on the Hill , Mr. President . maggie it 's the will of the people , marty . that 's what matter -- asher maggie 's right , marty . ask anyone -- ( turn to ban ) where do you stand on my platform , Mike ? off the record , of course . banning oh , I try 'o leave politics to that who know it best , Mr. President . you know , the professional ... he cast a sideways look at trumbull . maggie laugh . maggie dodge like a true politician -- ( she put she helmet back on ) well , I do not know about the rest of you -- but I say last one across the lake make the hot chocolate -- ban 's eye shift to Asher , who nod . ban raise he wrist mic . banning mustang -- this be bigtop -- over . across the lake two man cradling mp - 5s , agent roma and o’neil , stand on the freeze shoreline . roma ( into wrist mic ) mustang here . banning ( 0.s . ) ( filter ) bring home full package from Blue - six -- repeat Blue - six -- over . roma raise he steiner Marine tactical binocular . Pov roma : the snowmobile idle on the far side of the lake . roma copy that , bigtop . have you on visual -- back across the ice ban turn to the other . banning everyone ready ? head bob . ban revs he throttle -- and take off . across the lake the agent track they through they binocular . Pov o’neil : the sno- cat tear ass across the freeze lake , four abreast . ban lead the way . o’ neil ( shake he head ) always the cowboy -- on the lake the snowmobile zoom across the ice . engine whining , nearly halfway home when sputter ! sputter ! the first Lady 's engine cough . the other snowmobile streak ahead , racing for shore . maggie 's engine die , sputtering machine skid to a stop . on the shore ban and the other power up onto the bank . roma and o’neil sprint down the shoreline , point . ban whirl . and see -- maggie 's sno -cat out on the ice . the color drain from ban 's face . roma and o’neil rush up . o’ neil Jesus , what the -- out on the lake the ice begin to splinter , crack . maggie 's eye be frantic , heavy machine break through . on the shore ban leap from he sno -cat . sprint across the ice . banning get off it ! get off the sled ! on the lake maggie 's snowsuit pant loop snag on the machine . she jerk she leg , panicked , try to get free . the ice fissure widen . ban race forward , stripping off he parka . banning get off it now ! craaaaack ! the ice cave in , suck maggie and the sno - cat under . asher ( horrify ) maggie ! Asher lunge for he wife . roma restrain he . roma Sir , no -- ! Asher jerk free and take off running , out onto the ice . roma and o’neil give chase . o’ neil ( into wrist mic ) rosebud be down ! rosebud be down ! potus be on the ice ! under the surface maggie pound against the ice , eye wide with terror . on the lake roma and o’neil chase after Asher . alarm klaxon wail along the shoreline as banning race forward at a dead run . sprint all out . he reach the jag hole in the ice and dive into the freezing water . under the ice Silent , cold , dark . ban swim down . eye darting , desperately search . and in the dimness below ... maggie stare up at he , hair stream behind she . float away into the freeze depth . ban struggle down to she . face contort in pain . he 's out of air . he keep diving . a superhuman effort . his hand reach out and grab maggie 's arm ban pull she toward the surface . dim light flicker through the freeze ice above . he reach for he shoulder holster and draw he sig sauer p229 ban aim the gun straight up . what be he do -- ? blam ! blam ! blam ! on the lake gun blast blow a gaping hole in the freeze ice . ban burst from below . roma and o’neil race up . pull maggie from the frigid water . they lay she on the ice . eye roll back , unmove . o0 / 's Neil desperately administer cpr . asher no , God ! no ! Asher drop to he knee . nearly delirious with disbelief and fear . o’neil frantically try to revive she . ban can only stare , tremble in the bitter cold . connor ( 0.s. ) Mom ? ban turn . connor stare at he , lower lip quivering . the boy 's face freeze in a rictus of horror . Asher grab he son in he arm . the President and ban lock eye . ban lower he gaze . as overhead , the pounding rotors of the descend rescue chopper whirl ... time dissolve : int . white house - hallway - day close on : a spin razor scooter wheel . pull back wearing a crash helmet , connor , now 8 , zoom through the hall of the White House on he razor scooter . super the legend : 2 year later Pov moving fast -- ducking and darting with practice skill , connor expertly weave through the corridor and passageway of the Ground floor . the kid obviously know the executive mansion cold . connor speed down the Center Hall , past a receptionist at she desk . busy on the phone , she smile at connor as he pass . connor wave back . connor zoom into the white house kitchen . in the kitchen a unsmile pastry chef meticulously ice a tray of petit four . the local news play on a small counter tv . newsman ( on tv ) -- with high today push 100 in what promise to be a real scorcher of a July fourth for the entire great D.C. area -- connor speed past -- hand furtively reach for a mini - éclair -- pastry chef ( french accent ) connor ! pas encore ! the boy jerk he hand back , keep go . connor ( call back over he shoulder ) je suis désolé ! connor zoom from the kitchen . back in the CENTER hall connor duck and weave down the corridor . as up ahead , through a open door we see ... int . white house security office - continuous bank of monitor manned by keen - eye technician . stand by the door , the head technician pull the last chocolate chip muffin from a white box and set it ona napkin . the local news , play on a small monitor screen , grab he attention . on monitor screen : news footage of North Korean armed force mass along the dmz . the banner headline read : '' NORTH korean buildup continue to spark fear '' . newsman ( on tv ) -- ongoing massive North Korean war game along the 38th parallel continue to send shock wave throughout South Korea , prompt this morning 's emergency meeting between President Asher and South Korean foreign Minister Lee tae - woo -- the head technician turn for he muffin ... it 's go . back in the hallway connor zoom down the corridor . take a big bite of the chocolate chip muffin . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - same carver langston section of town . tire -look brick rowhome line the street . the dome of the Capitol rise distantly in the morning haze . int . rowhome - continuous a dim bedroom . the batter window air conditioner rattle , water steadily drip into the almost - full bucket underneath . a phone on the nightstand ring , jarring . keeps ringing . a hand slowly reach from beneath the cover . pick up . banning ( groggy ) yeah ? female voice ( 0o.s. ) do I wake you ? ban sit up . rub a hand across he tired face . banning no . he reach for the remote and flick on the tv . the local news play , low . female voice ( 0.s. ) gonna make it over for dinner Sunday ? banning ( beat ) uh -- I do not know yet -- ban 's eye flick to the tv . banning ( cont 's d ) -- let I think about it -- a awkward silence on the line . newsman ( on tv ) -- Seoul continue to be in a state of crisis follow the sweeping U.S. troop withdrawals central to the Asher administration 's increasingly controversial foreign policy platform -- female voice ( 0o.s. ) ( hesitant ) I see Kristen yesterday ... banning yeah ? on tv : Asher address the media from the White House Rose Garden . flanke by he secret service protection detail . 10 . asher ( on tv ) I appreciate my critic 's position . but this administration mark the end of America 's decade - long pattern of global intervention -- female voice ( 0o.s. ) .».. she get engage ... a flicker of emotion cross ban 's face . banning ( cover ) good for she . asher ( on tv ) -- the United States will no longer be the world 's policeman . ban 's eye stay fix on the tv . female voice ( 0.s. ) I just ... I do not want you to hear it from someone else -- on tv : the secret service briskly escort Asher from the podium . banning I gotta get to work -- he hang up . click off the tv . the water from the air conditioner continue to drip . ban get out of bed , absently push aside the overflow bucket with he foot . slide a dent wastebasket over to take its place . shoulder slump , he pad into the bathroom . ext . rowhome - slightly later ban exit , wear the white short - sleeve uniform shirt , black pants , and gold badge of the secret service uniformed division . he look one step up from a Rent -a - cop . he slide into he beat - up dodge Ram pickup and pull from the curb . 11 . ext . white house - same chant protester march outside the gate , wave sign read '' impeach asher ! '' , '' don ’t leave south korea defenseless ! '' , '' freedom through strength ! '' , etc . the white house itself rise majestically from the emerald South lawn . secret service sniper on the roof , k-9 patrol circle the grounds , armed guard at every entrance . the most protect building on earth . int . cabinet room - same President Asher hold a tense meeting with he inner circle . include speaker of the House trumbull , they be : 1 ) luis cardoza , Hispanic , the vice President 2 ) RUTH mcmillan , tough , unsmile , the Secretary of Defense 3 ) admiral nathan hoenig , bald , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs hoenig Lee 's gonna want you to reconsider , Mr. President . asher nate , you know damn well it 's the nuke of the seventh fleet keep the peace over there , not we boot on the ground -- mcmillan but that troops serve as the trip wire , sir . and the South korean know that . asher that 's why the fleet stay . cardoza rally behind the President . cardoza and the three billion save from this move alone will fund over 100 new school , not to mention -- 12 . hoenig ( cut he off ) South Korea do not give a shit about any of that -- they have get the whole goddamn North Korean Army ready to pour across they border ! asher that 's not go to happen . mcmillan can you guarantee that ? Asher sigh , rub he eye . asher marty , you have be awfully quiet -- trumbull Minister Lee know we ’1ll stand by he , Mr. President . he need reassurance , that 's all . ( beat ) give it to he . ext . airfield - eastern maryland - same a private airstrip in the middle of nowhere . a unmark C - 130 cargo plane idle on the grassy runway . four allison t56 turboprop throbbing . two buzzcut , military - look NORTH korean in flight suit race up the rear ramp , pull on flight helmet . with a mechanical whine , the ramp door close . in the cockpit the North Korean pilot and co- pilot finish they pre-flight . pilot ( in Korean , subtitle ) wheel up . he throw the throttle forward . on the runway the lumber plane roar down the runway , and lift into the cloudless blue sky . and we see ... 13. eerily , leave behind on the airstrip , a SMALL table cover by a white tablecloth . bottle of soju ( Korean distil alcohol ) and four ceremonial cup atop it . the tablecloth flutter gently in the breeze . ext . secret service headquarters - same a anonymous , 9 - story tan brick building on h Street . int . secret service headquarters - continuous dispiritedly sip coffee , ban check id inside the main entrance . his face be rote , expressionless . it 's soul - crushingly boring , but hey , at least the a / C 's cranking . a fellow officer , hutchin , 30 , stride up . hutchin ban -- Lieutenant say there 's a problem in sector 14 . Water Authority have to check it out -- ban take a final gulp of coffee , stand . banning ( resign ) I be on it -- he head for the door . hutchin take over he post . hutchin ( sarcastic ) stay cool . int . white house - west wing - same connor brake to a skidding stop on he scooter at the end of a long corridor . at the far end of the hall , he see he father and the other exit the cabinet room . outside the cabinet room meeting adjourned , Asher pull trumbull aside . 14 . asher thanks for sit in , marty . I want you to know you support have be invaluable . trumbull ( nod ) just tell I something , Ben -- Asher wait , expectant . trumbull ( cont have ) be you sure about all this ? asher I make a promise to the people . and I intend to keep it . trumbull shake Asher 's hand . trumbull have a good meeting with the Minister . asher I will . and you have a happy 4th . trumbull smile , exit through a side door . Asher turn and disappear back into the cabinet room -- not see he son at the far end of the hall . back with connor who watch he father go . face unreadable . int . white house security office - continuous the head technician peer at a close - circuit monitor . close on monitor : the South Korean motorcade pull beneath the North portico . head technician we guest have arrive . ext . white house - continuous trumbull exit through the Pennsylvania Avenue guardhouse . glance at the arrive motorcade as he slide into he wait town car. 15 . under the NORTH portico the door of the motorcade open , and South Korean foreign Minister lee tae - woo , 5as , dignify , emerge behind a phalanx of bodyguard . a impeccably dress man in wire - rimmed glass , mid 30 , step out behind Lee . unassume , reserve accountant 's demeanor , but eye miss nothing . this be kang . int . white house entrance hall - continuous agent roma ( recognizable from the Camp David open ) -- now special agent in charge of the White House secret service detail -- greet Lee at the door . roma foreign Minister Lee -- I be special agent in charge roma . welcome to the White House . lee thank you , agent roma . May I introduce my head of security and chief aide , Mr. kang -- kang bow , formal . roma nod back . only Lee , kang , and the Minister 's personal security detail -- pak , lim ( female ) , cho and yu -- be permit inside . all surrender they weapon to the secret service . roma scrutinize Lee 's delegation as they pass through the White House millimeter - wave scanner . each guest walk through the large portal -- 9 foot tall and 6 foot wide -- pause and lift they arm while the machine take two full - body scan use radio wave . a male technician watch the black - and - white image on he computer screen . [ note : the image be detailed enough to see the sweat on a person 's back . ] lim ( wear a trim blue suit , strand of pearl ) hesitates before enter the machine . she shoot roma a look , point . 16 . roma nod , and a female technician sit down to review lim 's screen image . ext . white house - continuous the South Korean motorcade exit the drive , and park along the protect stretch of Pennsylvania Avenue in front of the White House . diplomatic security ( DS ) agent establish a secure perimeter around the vehicle . int . c-130 cockpit ( airborne ) - same the pilot and co-pilot stare straight ahead , face expressionless . Pov through windscreen : in the far distance , the city of Washington D.C. rise in the morning haze . ext . west potomac park - national mall - same a thousand yard across the mall from the White House , a park service ranger stand outside a cordon area on the bank of the tidal basin . behind the yellow caution tape , worker erect fire platform for this evening 's holiday firework display . ban pull up in a white secret service suv . the Ranger wave he through . ban park the vehicle , get out , and cross to a pair of D.C. Water and sewer workmen ( tate , ortiz ) stand over a manhole . banning hey guy , what 's up ? ortiz firework tech say they be get steam venting all up and down the line -- banning not surprised -- most of the pipe under here gotta be almost 80 year old -- ban wipe the sweat from he face , humidity hang like a shroud . 17 . tate ( jerk a thumb ) well , see that ? that 's 20,000 pound of pyrotechnic explosive , cochise . let 's just say it 's makin’ ‘em nervous . banning can not say I blame ‘em . Ortiz gesture to the close manhole cover . ortiz try liftin’ that sucker myself , but the bitch will not budge -- ban conjure a master key from he belt key chain . banning need the key to the kingdom . ban unlock the manhole cover and lift . tate you go , sixto . ortiz why I ? tate dude , I go last time -- Ortiz scowl , grab he toolbox . ban follow he down the ladder . ortiz ... puta madre . int . sewer tunnel - continuous Ortiz 's flashlight play over the twist maze of pipe . steam hiss ominously in the darkness . ortiz vacuum breaker be shot . foulin 's up all the feed ... ban trail Ortiz down the dark tunnel . his face twist -- the stench down here be overpower . 18 . banning Jesus -- ortiz you be tellin’ I -- ( continue on ) -- holiday pay 's not enough for this shit -- int . white house inner office - same President Asher move down the hall with cardoza , mcmillan and hoenig . pushes open a inner door , and step into ... int . oval office - continuous the oval Office . foreign Minister Lee stand . as do the rest of Asher 's entire assemble national security team . asher Minister Lee , it 's good to see you again . lee thank you , Mr. President . I appreciate you take the time to meet on you nation 's holiday . asher shall we sit ? int . hall outside oval office - continuous in the corridor outside , roma stand across from kang . the two professional share a amicable look . roma move closer , admire the lapel pin emboss with the South Korean flag affix to kang 's suit . it 's round , slightly larger than the american flag pin on roma 's own lapel . roma snazzy -- kang thank you , agent roma . 19 . kang bow again , polite . when suddenly connor zoom around the corner on he razor scooter . he brake to a stop , just short of the two security man . connor ( to roma ) can I see my dad ? roma sorry , he 's in a meeting . connor a long one ? roma shrug , sympathetic . connor 's eye shift to kang . kang imperceptibly nod back . int . sewer tunnel - same ban restlessly fidget while Ortiz work . ortiz so who have you piss off , anyway ? banning what ? ortiz hadda do something -- to be the one send down here -- ban shrug , noncommittal . ortiz ( cont have ) -- think you guy all fly around on Air Force one and shit -- behind they , a low stealthy rustling . Ortiz swing he light down the tunnel and a huge hairy rat crouch in the darkness . eye reflect back red . ortiz freakin 's willard , man ! 20 . banning you be not kiddin 's -- ortiz hey -- wanna see somethin’ ? Ortiz pull a piece of beef jerky from he pocket , toss it down the pipe . the rat crawl forward , nose twitching . ortiz ( cont have ) C ’mon , you ugly mother -- the rat crawl closer . Ortiz lean forward , face expectant . ortiz ( cont have ) hear that ? a telltale hiss emit from a recess vent . the huge rat waddle forward when suddenly a massive blast of steam erupt from the wall vent -- nearly fricassee the rat . it scamper away into the darkness , squealing . ortiz ( cackle ) take that , you lice - cover freak ! Ortiz turn back to ban . ortiz ( cont have ) ( eager ) wanna fry another one ? ban 's look say it all . ext . sky over D.C. - same the C - 130 cargo plane arrow toward Washington . radar operator ( 0o.s. ) ( filter ) unidentified aircraft , head six - zero-niner , this be ppd Command . be advise , you have enter restrict airspace -- 21 . int . presidential protection division ( ppd ) command - same the radar operator stare into she glow screen . radar operator repeat , unidentified aircraft , you have stray into restrict airspace . this be a no - fly zone . you must divert immediately -- ext . sky over D.C. - continuous the C - 130 continue toward the heart of Washington . int . oval office - continuous roma burst into Asher 's meeting . roma Mr. President , we have a airspace incursion , sir . ext . sky over D.C. - continuous two F -22 raptor fighter-interceptors streak in . take up flanking position alongside the lumber C - 130 . int . f-22 cockpit - continuous the raptor pilot peer through he canopy bubble . pilot unidentified flight , echo-victor - foxtrot , this be flight leader U.S. navy aircraft on you starboard wing . you have enter restrict airspace . you be to divert immediately , vector head zero-two -zero . acknowledge . no response . pilot ( cont have ) unidentified flight , you must divert immediately to vector zero - two -zero . this be you final warning . acknowledge . 22 . the pilot flip a switch , arming the F - 22 's weapon system . ext . C - 130 - continuous without warning , the C - 130 's side door simultaneously whip OPEN , revealing -- the lethal muzzle of two m61 vulcan rotary cannon . int . f-22 cockpit - continuous the pilot 's face go white . pilot fuck -- he jerk he stick . ext . sky over D.C. - continuous too late . the twin gun OPEN FIRE with a buzzsaw roar . both F - 22 be instantly blown out of the sky . int . oval office - continuous roma 's earpiece crackle . radio voice ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) code halo ! repeat , code halo ! the secret service leap into action . four agent literally pick up President Asher , rush he from the oval Office . in the hallway outside the agent race Asher down the corridor . connor dad ! asher connor -- it 's okay -- 23 . roma grab connor . carry the boy , he follow the President , the National Security team , and Lee 's delegation down the hall . int . white house corridor - continuous alarm klaxon wailing , the White House evacuate . skeleton holiday staff racing for the exit . roma herd President Asher 's group inside the emergency elevator . hand connor off to a tall agent . roma take he ! the tall agent nod . the heavy steel door close . roma stay behind , weapon draw . rushes back down the corridor . ext . andrews AIR force base - continuous a final scramble f-22 scream down the runway , into the sky . ext . sky over national mall - continuous the cargo plane pass low over Roosevelt Island . the C - 130 's modify cargo BAY door suddenly open with a mechanical whine and a circular rotodome lower from the plane . smooth , round , 3 meter across . make of white polycarbonate . it look like a smaller version of the radar housing on the back of a awac plane . ext . national mall - continuous D.C. police on the street draw they weapon -- rooftop sniper peer through they scope -- marine atop building swing stinger missile to they shoulder . lock . load . ready . 24 , int . underground corridor - white house - continuous the emergency elevator door open . the secret service rush Asher and the other down the long corridor . tall agent go! go! go! int . sewer tunnel - continuous Ortiz 's radio squawk . tate ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) Ortiz ! get the hell up here ! Ortiz scramble for the manhole ladder . ban follow . int . C - 130 - continuous the C - 130 pilot speak into he mic . pilot ( in Korean , subtitle ) goggle down . the pilot , co-pilot , and door gunner flip down protective visor . ext . west potomac park - national mall - continuous Ortiz vault from the open manhole . tate point to the sky , hand shaking . Ortiz spin and see the cargo plane skim low over the lincoln Memorial . barely clear the monument 's roof . ortiz what the -- the Park Ranger come run , gun point skyward . 25 . on the mall pedestrian stare up in fear and dismay . tourist on the mall snap picture , run for cover . the defender ready to OPEN FIRE . they be go to blow this plane out of the fuck sky when -- the rotodome hang from the C - 130 's underbelly suddenly scream to life -- fire a massive light pulse . the invisible pulse radiate in every direction -- like a emp burst -- on the mall everyone on the ground be instantly blind . cameras , radar , laser target system , all be incapacitate . Pov ortiz : he stare up at the plane -- and he whole world goe white ! the Park Ranger and other blind defender FIRE wildly . able only to hear they target pass overhead . two stinger scream from they launcher but miss they mark . the C - 130 roar down the National mall , over the reflecting Pool . straight for the Capitol . the cargo plane take multiple hit , but do not slow . door gunner pouring FIRE with they vulcan on the blind defender below . on the mall helpless defender be blown off rooftop , riddle on the street . crumple to the ground like break doll . banning leap from the open manhole . see the Park Ranger , tate and Ortiz , all clutching they eye . he draw he sig sauer p229 . rapid - fire at the lumber plane above . blam ! blam ! blam ! 26 . a hail of incendiary slug dig across the turf . the Ranger and both workmen be CUT to piece . ban dive away , roll as he secret service suv be rake by gunfire . it explode -- whole truck somersault into the air -- crashing to earth , flame spew -- the cargo plane suddenly bank overhead ... headed directly for the White House . ext . white house - continuous the C - 130 come in low , over the ellipse . uniform division secret service rush from the White House , fire . the rotodome fire another light pulse . incapacitate everyone . across the mall ban 's face twist , blind . atop the white house on the White House roof , the massive avenger antiaircraft missile pod swivel . computerize target useless . the secret service gunner aim blindly . he thumb the fire button . whoosh ! the SAM missile scream from they tube -- one missile blast the cargo plane tail rudder in half ! the other all miss . the c-130 door gunners blaze away on they vulcan . the avenger be obliterated . secret service sniper on the roof -- D.C. police and marine guard on the South lawn -- open up blindly with everything they have . glock , mp - 5s , m - 4 rifle -- all be mow down . 27 . south of the mall the final scramble F - 22 fighter scream in low over the potomac . afterburner hot . in the F - 22 the f-22 pilot thumb he mic . f- 22 pilot ppd Command , this be wolfhound 6 -- have bogey in sight -- ppd command ( 0o.s. ) ( filter ) wolfhound 6 , fire at will , repeat , fire at will . the pilot get missile lock . finger on the fire button . under the C - 130 the rotodome scream to life . fire a final light pulse . in the F - 22 Pov pilot : everything goe stark white . targeting system knock out . valiant , he blindly unleash he air-to-air sidewinder missile . 20 mm cannon belching flame . Three of the four sidewinder detonate into the side of the Washington monument . the fourth scream past , barely miss by a foot . the F -22 slam straight into the obelisk , blowing the massive monument in half . the top half crash to the ground . the C - 130 roar over the ellipse . path clear to the White House when the FOURTH missile slam into the C - 130 cockpit . the cargo plane explode , crash to earth in a spectacular fireball mere yard short of the White House South lawn . 28 . int . underground corridor - white house - continuous Asher 's group arrive at the President 's emergency Operations Center ( peoc ) bunker . the nineteen-inch - thick titanium door open . the tall agent 's earpiece buzze . radio voice ( 0o.s. ) ( filter ) all unit , this be Command . bogey be down . repeat , bogey be down . tall agent Command , this be watchtower one . confirm that last . a long beat . radio voice ( 0o.s. ) watchtower one. confirm receive . bogey destroy . everyone can finally breathe . the agent release connor . ext . white house - continuous fall body lie everywhere . the White House outer defense have be decimate by the attack . survive defender though disorient , slowly regain they sight . but the executive mansion still stand . across the mall ban get to he foot , blink . ext . pennsylvania avenue - continuous suddenly , the door of the South Korean motorcade burst OPEN . black-clad commandos in full body armor leap out . riddle the surprised DS agent in the street . rocket-propelled grenade explode , blow gape hole in the White House fence . the South Korean suv jump the sidewalk , plowing through the fence onto the North lawn . secret service rocket explode harmlessly off the suv 's armor-plate side . 29 . smoke grenade be rapid - fire , obscure everything in billow cloud of gray . the commando stream across the lawn , thermal - imaging goggle over they mask . Pov commandos : the heat signature of the White House defender glow orange - red in the haze . secret service and D.C. Police be CUT down where they stand . int . underground corridor - white house - continuous the tall agent 's earpiece erupt in frantic , static-ridden crosstalk . radio voice ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) they 's be swarm my sector ! shit , they 's be everywhere ... ! asher what 's go on ?! down the hall , lim 's hand slip behind she neck . unclasp she strand of pearl . with a glance to kang , she lean around the corner . flick she wrist , and the small sphere fly from the strand . bounce down the hall , roll among the President 's man . asher ( cont have ) connor ! where 's conn -- boom ! the flash - bang grenade explode . a blind , incapacitate blast . kang 's security man burst from around the corner . whip off they round lapel pin . razor sharp spring - load blade flick out . shuriken . the throw star whistle . secret service agent drop as if pole -ax . kang plant he shuriken between the tall agent 's eye . connor spin and run . kang see he disappear around the corner . kang shoot yu a look . yu rush after the boy . 30 . ext . white house - continuous suv roar across the lawn , slew before the North portico . a commando leap out , shoulder a law anti-tank missile . he fire . the steel White House door disappear in a searing blast . a suv crash through the gape hole , whole truck just plowing straight into the entrance hall of the executive mansion . commandos leap into the breach . roma rally the defender . the secret service return FIRE from the grand staircase of the nation 's most famous home . a furious , pitch battle inside the White House . int . underground corridor - white house - continuous kang and he team grab the secret service weapon , herd President Asher , Minister Lee , and the entire National Security team ( eleven hostage total ) inside the peoc . int . president 's emergency operation CENTER ( peoc ) - continuous a large , well - light room . hermetically - seal , waterproof , soundproof , direct-hit-from-a-nuclear -bombproof . a massive wallscreen and computer console dominate everything . the disorient hostage be hustle inside . hand quickly and expertly zipcuff . lim sit before the computer console , finger fly . int . white house security office - continuous warning light blink , monitor screen lock . head technician we be be shut down ! a commando barge in , blowing everyone away . 31 . ext . west potomac park - national mall - continuous sight slowly return , ban watch helplessly as the smoke swirl and gunfire echoes . face a mask of anguish , he battle the suicidal urge to rush blindly into the fray . work quickly , ban reload he weapon . spin and descend into the open manhole . int . sewer tunnel - continuous ban click he flashlight on . the beam flicker into the darkness ahead . move fast , ban disappear down the pitch black tunnel . int . underground corridor - white house - continuous connor flee . race around the corner , almost fall . duck into the laundry room . yu rapidly close . int . white house basement - continuous gunshot echoing , the battle descend into the bowel of the White House . the secret service , outman and outgun , fight a hopeless rear guard action . there be no escape . roma and the last few agent be shot like dog in the lower basement hallway . int . industrial laundry - continuous yu enter the large industrial laundry room . huge commercial washer / dryer line the wall . a half dozen roll linen cart . yu violently upend the cart . rip OPEN the washer / dryer door , move down the line . the kid 's just ... go . yu slam the wall in frustration . exit the laundry room . 32 . int . sewer tunnel - continuous ban arrive at a terminus of water main . a series of encrust circular hatches , shoulder high . he look up , orient himself to the ground above . quickly , he move to the far pipe . pries at the corrode valve -- thick with decade of rust and slime . it finally open with a rending squeal . ban peer inside . a long , long pipe . barely three foot wide , pitch black . a claustrophobe 's nightmare . ban hoist himself up , squeezing in . crawl forward into the darkness . int . basement hallway - white house - continuous mortally wounded , roma lie crumpled against the wall . weakly , he call into he wrist mic . roma Olympus have fall ... int . secret service command post - continuous secret service Command receive the halting transmission . int . basement hallway - continuous roma cough , spitting blood . roma ... Olympus have fall . a commando loom over he , razore throw star in hand . roma look up . the shuriken flash down . int . secret service command post - continuous the Command Post radioman blink in stunne disbelief . 33 . radioman ( face white ) they 's have take the White House . ext . national mall - continuous a nightmare tableaux of unfathomable devastation . the Washington monument be a broken ruin . fall secret service and Marine guard litter the White House grounds . drifting smoke cast a eerie pall . ext . white house roof - continuous and impossibly , on the White House roof , a commando rip the star and stripe from its lanyard -- and throw it to the ground . int . water pipe - continuous ban crawl forward . face blacken , filthy . he peer into the darkness ahead and a silver flood -hatch bar he way . the polished metal gleam , wildly incongruous in the ancient corrode pipe . ban scrape away at the grime - encrust wall -- revealing a electro -mechanical high -security lock . work quickly , he pull the master key from he belt key chain . insert the key and turn -- a green LED illuminate -- and a recess wall panel slide back -- revealing a glow digital control panel . ban punch a numeric code into the keypad . robot voice authenticate . banning echelon 4. robot voice designator . 34 . banning oscar - Zulu , three - zero-niner . the silver flood - hatch irise OPEN . a brightly - light stainless steel aqueduct unfold before he . shine , pristine . like some kind of futuristic tube to the underworld . ban quickly crawl forward . int . peoc - continuous lim look up at kang from the computer console . lim Control override complete . White House system secure . all outside network lock out . int . modern water MAIN - continuous ban crawl forward when suddenly -- all the light go out . pitch blackness . he blink in the darkness when zzzzzump ! motion detector beam appear , crisscross the tube ahead . at two - foot interval for the next fifteen yard . there 's no way past . banning shit -- int . peoc - continuous commandos from the upstairs ground assault enter the peoc . deliver to kang a stainless steel briefcase . yu return to the bunker . he cross to kang , whisper low in he ear . kang slowly remove he glass , meticulously fold they . then -- quick as a cobra -- he spin on yu and instantly snap he neck . 35 . the hostage scream . kang coolly turn to pak . a muscular automaton . kang get the boy . Asher leap to he foot . asher stay away from my son ! kang turn to Asher , face serenely calm . kang you be in no position to demand anything . a commando level he weapon at Asher 's chest . kang ( cont have ) sit down . beat . the President reluctantly sit . kang turn away , nod to pak . pak exit . the bunker seal shut behind he . int . modern water MAIN - continuous ban be stymy by the motion detector beam barring he path . he can not move forward -- then , faraway , a distant sound . quickly , it grow louder . come closer now , like a runaway train -- the beam wink out ban 's eye grow wide as a avalanche of water crash toward he through the pipe . ban suck in short , rapid breath . urgently fill he lung as the roaring torrent engulf he . his gun and flashlight be tear from he grasp . 36 . ban hang on against the enormous pressure . strain lung scream for air when the water subside ban gasp for breath . frantic , he rapidly drag himself forward through the pipe , hand over hand . panic etching he face as zzzzzump ! the motion detector beam stab down again . ban glance back -- and see the final motion detector beam a half -inch behind the sole of he leave shoe . relieved , he continue on . int . peoc - continuous kang calmly step to the head of the presidential bunker like he own the building . and , indeed , he do . asher I do not know who the hell you be -- kang regards Asher evenly . kang I be the man who 's just take the most secure building on Earth . Asher 's gaze nervously flick to he military aide nearby -- black briefcase attach via security cable to he wrist . the nuclear football . kang ( cont have ) ( know ) I be not interested in you launch code , Mr. President . which by now I be sure you Pentagon have change ... Minister Lee stare , stunne by kang 's betrayal . lee what be you do ? 37 . kang open you eye , Minister Lee . we homeland be divide . we people be divide . because of this Americans ... lee ( falter ) but -- we country be work toward peace -- kang begin to walk slowly toward Lee . kang do you '' peace '' involve million of we Northern brother , dead from famine and disease ? ( he draw closer ) we family separate by tank and gun and american mine ? kang stand before Lee . kang ( cont have ) no , Minister Lee , this be war . ( beat ) the time have come for all Korea to again be one . Lee hold kang 's gaze . lee you be a traitor . kang slowly lean forward , face barely a inch from the Minister 's . we just see what happen to the last person kang get this close to . a bead of sweat slide down Lee 's temple . kang ( evenly ) I be a patriot . kang turn and walk away . Lee can breathe again . 38 . int . crisis room - pentagon - continuous the National military Command Center ( aka crisis room ) of the Pentagon . a cavernous space , massive conference table the size of a aircraft carrier . trumbull stride in , flanke by homeland Security agent . rajiv malik , 45 , deputy director of the National Security Agency , step forward . a lanky , almost gaunt man . Dark eye hide a formidable intelligence . malik speaker trumbull . rajiv malik , NSA . since the attack , we have have no contact with the White House -- trumbull nothing ? malik no , sir . they share a look . on the massive wallscreen , a break live news broadcast . reporter ( on tv ) ... the whereabouts of President Benjamin Asher -- if indeed , he be still alive -- be not know at this time ... ( dramatic beat ) for the first time in two hundred year , when the british burn the '' President 's House '' , as it be then know , during the War of 1812 , a foreign enemy occupy the White House . int . modern water MAIN - continuous ban continue to crawl forward . his rasp breath echo in the pitch - black pipe . int . crisis room - continuous the secret service director , lynne jacob , late 40s , African - american , stride up to trumbull and malik. 39 . jacob speaker trumbull , the White House perimeter have be secure , sir . but all communication with Olympus be still severe . trumbull ( low ) what a disaster -- across the room , kang 's face suddenly appear on the enormous wallscreen . kang ( on tv ) Mr. trumbull . the whole room jump . kang 's eye fix on trumbull . trumbull blink , take aback . int . peoc - continuous kang stand before the massive peoc control console . kang my name be yeonsak kang . the man who now control you White House . intercutting a whirlwind of emotion sweep the crisis room . trumbull let I speak to the President . Asher be haul forward at gunpoint . trumbull ( cont have ) Sir , be you all right ? before Asher can say anything , he 's jerk away . kang in addition to you President , I hold you vice President , full National Security team , and South Korean foreign Minister Lee inside the President 's emergency Operations Center -- kang 's loom face remain inscrutable . 40 . kang ( cont have ) I understand it 's impregnable . trumbull swallow . trumbull what do you want ? kang I want you to recall the U.S. seventh fleet from the Sea of Japan . trumbull wait a minute . we can not just -- in one smooth motion , kang turn and shoot foreign Minister Lee through the head . the hostage recoil , horrify . kang you have 12 hour . the wallscreen goe dark . everyone in the crisis room stare in shock . a long beat . general edward galdarre , 5as , the Army Chief of staff , turn to trumbull . galdarre if we recall the fleet -- and the North attack -- Seoul and the whole of South Korea could fall within seventy - two hour . trumbull falter , stunne . galdarre ( cont have ) we only recourse would be we long - range icbm -- trumbull -- which no doubt would bring in the chinese first , then the Russians -- ( beat ) -- goddamn nuclear holocaust -- 41 . they all trade look . jacob but if we do not recall the fleet , they kill the President . int . modern water MAIN - continuous bruise and exhaust , ban reach the end of the pipe . a steel access door loom before he . ban pull out he master key . he stop short , think . then -- work fast -- he unscrew the end of the master key . a specially - design bumper key slide out . ban slip the mechanical - only key into the keyway . press a button on the key which cause it to vibrate for a few second . extreme close - up : Inside the lock , the mechanical motor in the cylinder turn , lift the lock element within -- bypass the electronic portion of the lock and thwart audit log -- and the lock release . the access door open -- and ban 's eye zoom to the LED indicator light . it remain dark . he exhales . int . sub - basement - continuous ban drop into a sub-basement corridor . cautiously move down the hallway . he turn the corner and a video camera swing he way in a whir of servos . ban shrink back . move quickly in the opposite direction . int . peoc - continuous kang cross to Secretary of Defense mcmillan . she look up , eye afraid . 42 . kang ( without preamble ) give I you cerberus code . mcmillan blink . Asher and hoenig exchange a stunne look . how the hell do kang know about cerberus ? mcmillan I -- I have no such code -- kang open the stainless steel briefcase . Inside the foam - line case be a large - gauge hypodermic needle and several glass vial . mcmillan 's face turn white . kang think harder , Madame Secretary . int . hallway - continuous ban turn the corner , peer down the next corridor . it 's the scene of a massacre . Dead secret service agent lie everywhere . up ahead , the sound of distant voice . int . entrance hall - continuous Black -clad commando surround the two suv crash into the main entrance hall . Cho bark order in Korean . ban warily peer around the corner . in the entrance hall , large military - style crate be off - load from the rear of the suv . Pov banning : he can not quite make out what they be . Cho issue more order in Korean . the only word distinguishable to ban be one -- '' cerberus '' . Cho 's man load the crate into the freight elevator . the elevator door close , and the lift begin to rise . silently , ban retreat . 43. int . peoc - continuous kang pull the hypodermic from its case . lim seize mcmillan from behind , hold she fast . the other commando level they mp - 5s , cow any would - be heroes . asher what be you do ?! kang hold up one of the small vial . kang fuante shi . one of the world 's most deadly order of strychnine -- he fill the syringe with the vial 's content . kang ( cont have ) -- no know antidote -- mcmillan struggle , but lim tighten she iron grip . kang turn with the needle . kang ( cont have ) one more chance . you cerberus code . mcmillan glance desperately at Asher . kang ( cont have ) he can not help you . Asher and mcmillan exchange a look . mcmillan turn back to kang , face firm with resolve . kang ( cont have ) there 's a say in Korea -- '' listen 100 time be not as good as see it once . '' kang inject she straight in the carotid . asher no !!! mcmillan jerk violently in she chair . her eye roll wildly , body thrashing . the hostage react , horrify . finally , she go still . 44 , not look up , kang methodically replace the syringe in its case as he calmly speak . kang do you cry when you predator scorch village ? when you '' smart bomb '' kill innocent from 60 mile away ? kang push a button on the control console . the door to the peoc live quarter -- adjacent to the main room -- slide OPEN . we catch a glimpse inside -- a half - dozen cot , kitchenette , supplies . foreign Minister Lee lie dead on the first cot . kang 's man drag mcmillan 's body into the room -- and the door close . int . basement hallway - continuous ban move down the silent corridor . more dead body down here . he kneel beside a fall agent , turn he over -- it 's roma ban blink , recognition dawn . he pull the shuriken from roma 's forehead . Studies the exotic weapon briefly , then pocket it . ban quickly search roma 's body . already stripped of all weapon and communication gear . gently , he close roma 's stare eye . distant footstep . ban spin , head cocked . someone 's come . quickly , he duck into the near doorway . as around the corner -- a two -man patrol stride down the corridor . the commando march forward , footfalls echoing . the larger commando suddenly stop , turn . 45 . he bend over roma 's body , finger probing the open gash on the man 's forehead ... the shuriken be go . the commando both turn . stare at the doorway through which ban just disappear . int . white house bowling alley - continuous the commando burst inside . flick on the light . two gleam polished lane , presidential seal paint on the far wall . Silent pin stand like sentinels . the killer scan the empty room , gun levele , when a bowling ball pop from the automatic ball return . the ball roll slowly around the return carousel . come to rest against the rubber bumper with a thump . the commando approach warily when banning leap from the transom above . swing a 12 - pounder like a sledgehammer -- he crush one commando 's skull . the second commando swing he weapon up . in a blur , ban knock the gun away . he and the commando go down -- viciously grappling across the floor -- a furious flurry of blows . ban drive he elbow up -- like a knife -- into the commando 's throat . the commando falter , stunne . ban spin the commando against the ball rack -- grab he by the neck -- slam he head into the stack ball . again and again , body flood with adrenaline and fear . the commando 's body slide to the floor , dead . ban fall back , suck air in great whooping gasp . he methodically search the body . grab a mp - 5 and wireless headset , click the unit on . nothing but silence . ban look up , mind racing . 46 . int . crisis room - continuous malik step beside trumbull . insert a usb device into the computer console . a digital head shot of kang be project onto the wallscreen . bio-data scroll below . malik yeonsak kang . South Korean national , bear in the North , birthdate unknown . escape across the dmz as a child , both parent reportedly kill by rok mine in the attempt -- a second photo appear . kang in military garb . malik ( cont would ) kang have serve for the past six year in Seoul 's diplomatic protection corps , follow two tour in South Korea 's elite Black Tiger counter - terror unit . trumbull so he know what he 's do -- Jacobs look up . jacob and clearly will stop at nothing to get it . int . oval office - continuous the oval Office stand silent and empty . the door slowly swing open and banning slip inside . he cross to the presidential desk , rest he mp - 5 on the blotter . a bank of phone sit mutely . ban grab the receiver , one after another . no dial tone . all dead . 47 . he scan the desktop . scatter papers , a montblanc pen , ivory - handle letter opener -- the president 's blackberry ban grab it . punch 9 - 1 - 1 . all line be jammed . he can not get through . ban scowl , look up . and he eye go wide , as he 's utterly shocked to see connor stand silently in the oval Office doorway . connor ( slowly ) what be you do here ? ban open he mouth to speak when a commando step through the side door . connor spin and run . ban 's eye jerk to he weapon . he ’1ll never make it . the commando raise he gun barrel and banning grab the letter opener . fling it across the room . the blade spear the commando in the jugular . he fall , hand clutching he throat . ban grab the mp - 5 . race after connor . int . hallway - continuous connor sprint down the hall . ban give chase . the boy disappear through a inner office doorway . ban rush up . grab the doorknob . lock . he kick the door down . 48 . int . inner office - continuous ban burst inside , eye search the small room . desk , bookshelve , low filing cabinet . connor be ... go . but that 's impossible . ban stare , confuse . he pull out Asher 's Black Berry . scroll down the listing . find the one he want ... National military Command Center . he dial . line still jamme . dial again ... int . crisis room - continuous trumbull preside over the somber room . trumbull what if this kang be just some out - of - control rogue ? galdarre and if he 's not ? he 's provide a hostile regime with the window of opportunity they have be seek for the past sixty year -- his eye flicker around the table . galdarre ( cont have ) what will become of America 's credibility as a superpower , if we allow we ally to be overrun ? Jacobs counter , angry . jacob how will we be see in the eye of the world -- if we let we President be kill in he own goddamn house ?! Jacobs 's aide rush up , whisper urgently in she ear . 49 , jacob ( cont have ) ( spin , to trumbull ) we have contact from inside the White House -- trace confirm it 's the President 's cell -- trumbull patch it through . feedback whine from the overhead speaker . trumbull ( cont have ) Mr. President ? int . inner office - white house - continuous ban slump against the desk . banning no -- intercutting trumbull ( into intercom ) identify yourself . banning echelon 4. Jacobs 's head jerk up . trumbull ( low , to Jacobs ) he 's one of yours -- ? Jacobs hold up she hand -- wait . jacob ( into intercom ) designator ? banning oscar - Zulu , three - zero-niner . jacob ( incredulous ) ban ? a stir race through the room . 50 . banning yeah -- jacob this be director Jacobs -- banning where 's potus ? jacob as of 1020 hour , the Fox den. ( quickly ) the President and National Security team be be hold by a North Korean name kang . they have already kill foreign Minister -- trumbull snap off the intercom . trumbull what be you do ? jacob he 's a special agent -- trumbull who should have be shitcan two year ago -- Jacobs and trumbull lock eye . jacob he get in -- do not he ? int . peoc - continuous lim triangulate the source of the cell transmission -- amber dot blink on the wallscreen map of the White House . int . hallway - continuous pak halt he man in they search through the building . kang ( 0.s. ) ( over headset ) West wing . first floor . pak grunt , lead he man quickly down the corridor . 51 . int . crisis room - continuous Jacobs switch the intercom back on . jacob ban -- ? int . inner office - continuous banning what do they want ? intercutting jacob the seventh fleet pull -- by 2200 hour . banning ( realize what that mean ) you can not do that -- trumbull spare we the geopolitical advice , agent -- banning ( cut he off ) what 's cerberus ? this stop trumbull cold . the other share a look . jacob what -- how do you -- ? trumbull -- that 's classified -- banning kang know . they face darken . beat . trumbull reluctantly nod to Jacobs . jacob it 's a fail - safe protocol . Alpha top secret . but it have no offensive capability ... 52 . banning what kind of fail - safe ? jacob against inadvertent nuclear launch . the three cerberus code , when activate , control the self - destruct mechanism within we icbm . galdarre ( realization dawn ) with that code -- kang could destroy every long - range nuke we fire . with the seventh fleet pull , South Korea would be defenseless . malik and so would we . they face be tense . banning so change the code -- galdarre no -- banning what do you mean , no -- malik he mean we can not . ( beat ) cerberus be a self - contain total - isolation system . it 's unidirectional -- data only go out , not in . the only way to change the code be to physically do so on the computer itself . banning where 's the computer ? malik the peoc . the enormity of the situation strike home for they all . 53. banning the three code -- who have they ? int . peoc - continuous kang approach Admiral hoenig with he hypodermic needle . load in a fresh vial . kang Admiral . you cerberus code . hoenig you do not know what you be do -- kang do not I ? kang loom over hoenig , eye black as anthracite . kang ( cont have ) I be provide my nation with the opportunity to achieve its rightful destiny . hoenig 's glance flicker to the syringe . hoenig you be not a patriot . ( beat ) you be a psychopath -- kang I believe seneca say it best -- '' there be no genius without a touch of madness . '' kang place the point of the needle against hoenig 's carotid . kang ( cont have ) you code , Admiral . kang 's finger tense on the plunger . a beat of incredible tension . hoenig ( slowly ) e-m-six ... zero-eight ... two - five . kang lower the syringe . 54 . int . hallway - white house - continuous pak and he man creep down the corridor . pak listen to he tac-com , get a fix on ban 's exact location . he stop . silently point to the next office door . int . inner office - continuous the commando burst inside , firing on full auto -- asher 's blackberry sit on the desktop . get blasted into a million piece as bullet rake the room . ban be go . int . crisis room - continuous close on wallscreen : a satcom photo of the post-attack White House . galdarre all indication be the White House air defense be destroy in the attack . with this defense grid go , they could be vulnerable to a nighttime aerial insertion -- jacob and if you be wrong ? malik step forward . malik we have no choice . ( beat ) we have get to get the President out of there . we have get to secure cerberus . all eye turn to trumbull . beat . trumbull General , activate you team . galdarre nod , grab the hotline phone . malik turn and exit the room . pull out he cell and press it to he ear . 55 . malik ( low ) awaken the sandman . int . white house stairwell - continuous ban move silently up the stairwell to the State floor . turn the corner and two commandos stand watch on the landing . the killer and ban see each other at the same instant . ban 's reflex be a millisecond faster . he mow down both commando with a burst from he mp - 5 . int . ground floor - continuous at the blast of gunfire , pak bark into he tac-com . pak ( in Korean , subtitle ) all unit , State floor ! int . cross hall - continuous ban race up the stair , into the Cross Hall . a commando leap from the near doorway , gun levele . ban dive into the Red room , gunfire stitching the wall . int . peoc - continuous kang speak into he throat mic . kang Mr. cho. int . roof sub - level - continuous the machine floor just below the White House roof . low hum of compressor . Cho stand beside a huge hydraulic lift . 56 . cho ( into tac - com ) Cho here . kang ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) be the package ready ? cho almost there -- Cho go back to he mysterious work . int . blue room - continuous ban run for he life . into the Blue room . bullet rake the wall , plaster fragment raining down . ban look up , dust sting he eye . a sober painting of GEORGE WASHINGTON stare down from the wall above . ban and old George share a look . Warrior across time . a barrage of machine gun slug obliterate the painting . time to move . ban dive behind a Louis xiv couch . a hail of bullet shred it to ribbon . ban hug the floor -- bullet whining -- crawl quickly toward the East room when a commando step into the doorway . ban roll as the commando fire , slug stitching across the hardwood . he swing he barrel up -- and blast the gunman through the wall . ban 's up fast . into the East room . int . east room - continuous ban sprays behind he , through the open doorway . 57 . click . he 's empty ! he discard the useless mp - 5 . eye wildly search . in the blue room pak lead the commando forward . signal two man to rush the East room . in the east room ban grab a bottle of gin from the liquor cart . in the blue room the two commando move stealthily forward when a molotov cocktail explode through the doorway . splash fire engulf both man . they spin across the room scream , aflame . in the east room ban frantically light two more bottle , hurl they into the Cross Hall . in the cross hall ban sprint into the corridor , ducking behind the wall of flame . Wild gunfire echoes . the White House halocarbon FIRE -suppression system activate -- quickly neutralize the spread blaze . ban race up the stair to the second floor . int . second floor - continuous the second floor ( live quarter ) of the White House . pak 's commando converge from both end . kicking down door , search room by room . relentless . methodical . int . lincoln bedroom - continuous ban crouch low in the lincoln bedroom , cornere . 58 . no way out . int . hall outside lincoln bedroom - continuous pak and he man close in . int . lincoln bedroom - continuous weaponless , ban brace for the inevitable . last stand . when suddenly -- the wall behind he move ! a large box molding square subtly shift . ban stare , incredulous , as connor emerge from the wall . connor ( whisper ) Mike , hurry -- int . hall outside lincoln bedroom - continuous pak loom outside the bedroom door . int . lincoln bedroom - continuous pak crash inside , mp-5 spraying the room . he blink . the bedroom be empty pak stare , eye flat . his tac - com crackle . kang ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) return to the bunker . pak motion he man out . scan the empty room one final time himself , then exit . 59 . int . white house emergency elevator - continuous pak 's man file into the elevator car . the door close . int . peoc - continuous from the mainframe console , lim control the elevator 's descent . kang hover over she shoulder . kang initiate lockdown . lim punch a button ... activate the full White House internal security grid . int . white house - series of shot - continuous throughout the executive mansion -- infrared , thermal , and motion sensor beam wink on . crisscross every hallway , stairway and room in the building . int . peoc - continuous the wallscreen subdivide into hundred of video feed -- monitoring every conceivable inch of the White House . no live thing can escape such technology . as soon as ban move , he ’1ll be expose . kang 's eye stay fix on the wall of tv image . there be no place to hide . int . interior wall - white house - continuous there be no place to hide . except ... ban be be lead by connor through the wall . ducking low -- shoulder barely squeezing through -- ban follow the boy through the dim passageway . 60 . banning always know Truman gut the interior in ' 49 -- new steel frame erect around the original stone wall -- connor look back , tight smile . a veritable tunnel rat . banning ( cont 's d ) -- but my God , connor -- the kid spin , continue on . it 's literally a '' house - within - a-house '' . secret corridor , hide door . it would take literally week -- month -- to figure out the whole of this bewilder labyrinth . indeed the only one with the size , inclination , and time to uncover the full extent of such a maze might be ... a 8 - year- old boy . ext . white house roof - same / night outside , night have fall . a commando step onto the roof , load what look like a toy glider -- a wasp III Micro Air vehicle ( mav ) drine -- onto a slingshot , and launch it into the sky . on silent wing , the wasp circle up ... circle up ... and disappear into the night sky . ext . andrews AIR force base - same rotor whirring , the seal team six chopper idle on the tarmac . Three stealth - modify black hawk troop carrier and five apache longbow gunship , fully armed . on the runway , the seal team six leader , major holt , 30 , greet secret service agent o’neil ( recognizable from the Camp David open ) . o’neil wear a flak vest and helmet . holt agent o’neil ? o’ neil Major -- 61 . both man turn for the command chopper . holt we 'il make sure you get in . you just get my man into that peoc -- int . peoc - continuous kang scan the wallscreen image , perplex . his eye suddenly narrow . kang screen 26 . lim punch a button . video display : the lincoln bedroom . kang ( cont have ) quadrant four . lim zoom in . kang ( cont have ) enhance . kang 's eye focus on the far bedroom wall -- the BOX molding be slightly off CENTER kang thinly smile . int . black hawk command chopper - continuous Holt and he man check they weapon , ready for takeoff . a muscular blonde man suddenly sprint across the tarmac . dress in the same special op gear as seal team six . he vault into the open chopper door . this be the sandman . holt who the hell be you ? sandman look up with pierce blue eye . hand Holt he order . 62 . Holt read , glance up . he do not like it , but turn and motion the chopper pilot . holt ( cont have ) take she up . o’ Neil glance at sandman . sandman stare back , face a mask . the chopper lift off . baffle stealth rotor blade eerily make almost no sound . int . interior wall - white house - same ban and connor rest a moment , safe within the wall . the boy eye ban -- filthy , exhaust , bleed -- warily . banning you really save my hide back there , partner . the boy shrug . a awkward silence . ban put on the capture commando headset . listen frown . banning ( cont have ) ... nothing ... connor look up . connor be my dad okay ? banning ( hesitates ) I do not know , buddy . the boy struggle to keep from cry . beat . connor ( be : headset ) can I see ? ban hand he the headset . connor hunch over it , fiddling with the mute device . connor ( cont have ) ( not look up ) when you leave ... you never say goodbye . 63 . ban swallow . banning I do not think you have want I to . connor reach around . slowly pull something from he back pocket -- a ball cap the word '' U.S. secret service '' stitched across its front . the boy snug the cap firmly atop he head . ban choke up . connor bend over the headset . his voice be very small . connor my dad say it be a accident . that it be no one 's fault ... ban swallow . banning ( hesitant ) be that what you think ? connor maybe no one could have save she . ban stare , numb . awed by the simple pure forgiveness of a child . int . black hawk command ship ( moving fast ) - night seal team six en route . lock and load . ext . sky over D.C. - continuous light out , rotor muffle , the stealth chopper skim over the city . pass over like phantom . jump zoom to : ext . 5,000 feet above white house - continuous a mile above seal team six 's target -- 64 . a rq-170 sentinel drone circle above the White House , like a silent bird of prey . a stealth black batw . close on : the camera eye on the drine 's underbelly -- a argus - be 1.8 gigapixel electro-optic ( eo ) camera and infrared imager . the unblink eye stare down . int . crisis room - continuous a uniform tech turn from he monitor screen . tech sentinel 's on station , sir . galdarre give I eye on . ext . 5,000 feet above white house - continuous the sentinel 's night-vision eo camera whirs . int . crisis room - continuous on the monitor screen , the argus system 's real - time , high - resolution image display . tech Visual up , sir . galdarre study the screen . the night-vision picture be perfect ... the White House roof be empty , unmanned , unprotect . galdarre bastard will never know what hit ‘em . int . interior wall - white house - continuous ban frown , think . 65 . connor ( off ban 's look ) what 's wrong ? banning just can not figure it . why they be give we twelve hour . they have to know it would not take anywhere near that to recall the fleet -- his brow furrow . banning ( cont would ) why do they need more time ? connor shrug , tinkering with the commando headset . banning ( cont have ) ( low , to himself ) they have everything they need to access cerberus ... his mind work , feverishly try to figure it out . banning ( cont have ) ( realization dawn ) ... everything except ... ban slowly look up -- at connor . the headset suddenly sputter to life . connor I do it ! ban grab the tac-com , put it to he ear . and hear , impossibly , the feedback whine of another headset unit directly behind he . ban whirl and a commando launch himself out of the darkness , gun raise . ban grab the killer 's Glock . they crash into the wall . the Glock fire , gunshot booming in the confine space . 66 . the commando force the muzzle into ban 's face . ban jam he thumb inside the trigger guard -- prevent the gun 's discharge . the killer squeeze , pistol trigger crushing ban 's thumb . grimace , ban press the killer 's skull against the steel wall joist . slowly -- inexorably -- the commando 's neck bend back . ban push with every last ounce of leverage ... banning ( voice tight , to connor ) look away -- crack ! the killer go still . ban fall back , chest heaving . connor look up . stare numbly at the lifeless corpse . ban scramble for the headset , put it back on . grab the fall Glock . ext . sky over D.C. - continuous the seal team chopper streak in low over Washington . int . peoc - continuous lim stare into a small monitor screen , deftly work a toggle - like controller . close on screen : Pov of the wasp III drine -- looking down . the stealth chopper approach , close fast . lim here they come ... kang speak into he throat mic . ( note : ban hear all of the follow over he capture headset . ] kang Mr. cho. int . roof sub - level - continuous Cho press he hand against he earpiece . 67 . cho the package be ready . kang ( 0.s . ) ( filter ) stand by to repel border . int . interior wall - continuous ban spin . banning the roof ! ban and connor scramble down the dim passageway . int . roof sub - level - continuous Cho press a button on the control panel . hydraulic gear whining , the lift platform begin to rise . int . interior wall - continuous ban and connor hurry through the narrow passage . int . black hawk command ship ( moving fast ) - continuous the seal team activate they night vision goggle . lense glow ghostly GREEN . holt two minute to target . o’ Neil reach up , flip he goggle on . Pov o’neil : the rooftop rush past below , crazily fast . a luminous wash of spectral green . int . roof sub - level - continuous heavy lift rise , Cho and he man race for the fire stair . three commandos be leave behind to stand guard . 68 . int . interior wall - continuous ban hear the grind hydraulics above . quickly climb a interior wall ladder . ext . white house roof - continuous two enormous metal door slowly OPEN on the White House roof . Inside , the lift continue to rise . int . crisis room - continuous the tech spin from he monitor . tech we have movement on the roof , sir ! galdarre and the other stare at the screen . ext . sky over D.C. - continuous the seal team chopper flash over georgetown . holt ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) sixty second to target . int . interior wall - continuous hunched low , ban and connor hurry down the dim passageway , directly below the roof sub-level . ban stop , eye search . he see a ancient ( 1930' era ) metal access door panel , encrust with decade of rust and grit . ban pull on the door -- it open with a stubborn screech . ban lift connor , set he inside the crawl space within . banning I gotta get to the roof . stay here -- okay ? the boy nod , eye afraid . ban tweak he cap , shoot he a reassure look . he close the door panel , connor safe behind it . 69 . int . roof sub - level - continuous heavy machinery hum . a ventilation grate slowly open in the floor and banning peer out . the three commando stand guard , face away . ban hoist himself up onto the floor . silently move forward , Glock raise -- the nearest commando 's eye flicker . the commando whirl -- knocking the Glock from ban 's hand . he raise he own weapon and -- ban 's hand flash down -- SNAP ! -- shatter the commando 's forearm . ban grab the commando -- spin he to the ground -- land on top -- twist -- snap the commando 's neck . ban roll as -- the second commando -- still unsling he weapon -- try to get off a shot . ban 's foot lash out -- like a piston -- pulverize the commando 's knee . he grab the man -- lightning fast -- open palm drive up into the commando 's jaw . spin he around just as the third commando start firing -- the round thud into the second commando -- body jerk -- killing he instantly . ban use the body as a shield -- hurl the corpse into the third commando -- ban and the third commando crash into the wall . ban kick out -- connect with the commando 's weapon -- the gun go fly . the two roll across the floor , furiously grappling . int . peoc - continuous lim stare into she small monitor screen . continue to work the toggle controller . kang Ms. lim -- lim almost there ... 70 . ext . 5,000 feet above white house - continuous the sentinel drine continue its fix surveillance pattern . camera eye focus on the ground below . when , unseen , come in silently from above -- the wasp drone swoops down , land on the sentinel 's back . magnetic suction - like foot clamping onto the larger drine . int . peoc - continuous lim press a button on she controller . ext . sentinel drone - continuous ssszzzppp ! the wasp send a massive electromagnetic pulse coursing through the larger drine . the sentinel instantly heel over and plummet from the sky . int . crisis room - continuous all eye fix on the multiple wallscreen real - time video feed . follow the assault via both the chopper- mount cameras and eye-in- the-sky drine . the sentinel 's surveillance screen suddenly black out . jacob what the -- trumbull the drine . what happen ? the tech frantically work he control . int . roof sub - level - continuous ban and the commando continue to viciously battle . exchange a savage , brutal series of hand - to-hand blows . the commando sweep kick ban off he foot . he pounce -- seize ban from behind -- grip he in a steel vise choke hold . 71 . ban sag to he knee . through bulg eye , ban see the large crate lie open on the machine floor . stencile boldly across the side of the nearest one be the word ... U.S. army weapon prototype hydra series 6a the lift continue to rise . int . crisis room - continuous everyone continue to stare at the blank surveillance drine screen . face tense . galdarre we need that visual , corporal -- tech I be try , sir . a aide rush up , hand galdarre a file mark '' classified '' . aide crash report from the attack plane wreckage , sir . ( talk fast ) report confirm this morning 's C - 130 be armed with a m-111 vgl prototype -- trumbull what ? galdarre the next generation of direct energy weapon . we call it the '' blind bomb '' . effective range up to 2000 meter . trumbull how the hell do they get one of that ? galdarre rapidly flip through the report . 72 . galdarre ( read ) six month ago -- joint U.S. - South Korean experimental weapon testing -- a c-5a out of osan Air base go down in the Sea of Japan -- ( keep read ) -- report lose be a vgl prototype and a Advanced hydra phalanx weapon system -- galdarre 's face go white . galdarre ( cont have ) ( frantic ) we need to abort -- he spin . finger stabbing for the intercom . ext . white house roof - continuous on the White House roof , the heavy lift clanks to a stop . the lift which originally house the destroy avenger air defense . the lift upon which now sit ... a advanced hydra phalanx weapon the hydra spring to life in a whir of servos . six deadly barrel sweeping the sky , computerize target system search for prey . we have never see anything like this before . suddenly , out of nowhere -- the seal team six chopper zoom up and over the treasury annex , rotor whirring . the hydra react instantly , open up with a chainsaw roar . the two foremost chopper explode . int . black hawk command ship - continuous Holt bellow into he headset . 73 . holt all bird ! evade ! evade ! a armor-piercing round drill Holt through the forehead . the seal team six leader be kill instantly . int . roof sub - level - continuous ban struggle in the commando 's grip , face crimson . bite down on the commando 's knuckle , crunching bone . the commando 's hold break . ban flip he over he head . the commando spin -- up fast -- combat knife unsheathed . he rush ban , slam he into a electrical transformer . the commando dive atop ban , throttling he . the gleam blade bear down -- razore point a inch from ban 's staring eye . with a final jerk -- ban spin he attacker -- commando 's knife plunging into the transformer 's expose circuitry . ban roll away as 120,000 volt surge through the metal blade and into the commando 's body . the commando thrashes wildly , turn black . then go still . ban lunge to he foot , race for the control panel . his finger stab the lift button . hydraulics whining , the lift begin to descend . ext . white house roof - continuous the seal team chopper furiously juke . chain gun and hellfire missile blasting away . it 's a surreal sight . american combat chopper unleash a missile barrage on they own White House . the hydra mercilessly riddle another Black Hawk . the troop ship explode , incinerate all ten man aboard . int . crawl space - continuous connor cower inside the dark enclose space . eye darting as the gunfire and explosion boom distantly above . 74 , int . roof sub - level - continuous the lift continue to descend . ban desperately will it to go faster . banning come on -- ! ext . white house roof - continuous the hydra 's gun swivel and FIRE , swivel and FIRE . another Apache be raked . rotor spin , it shear into the Black Hawk beside it . both chopper erupt in flame . the roof door begin to close . hydra round ricochet off the heavy steel plate . the lift continue down . int . roof sub - level - continuous hydra round ricochet inside the close steel door . the din be deafening . ban sprint from the room . the door continue to close . hydra 's furious rate of fire never slow . the bounce , incendiary round whiz everywhere when a stray round bore directly into the hydra 's ammunition store . the hydra erupt . ext . white house roof - continuous the blast practically lift the roof off the White House . secondary explosion bloom , turn night into day . the last survive seal team chopper ( Holt 's command ship ) swing in . trooper rappel down . Cho and he man scramble onto the roof , firing . the seal be riddle on they fast rope , when -- 75 . banning leap onto the roof -- grab a discard mp - 5 -- gun down a onrush commando . in the black hawk command ship o’ Neil furiously fire on the enemy below . beside he , sandman peer down he xm8 laser - sighted assault rifle . blam ! blam ! blam ! he drill commando below with machine - like precision . on the roof Cho fix the Black Hawk 's tail rotor in he sight . in the black hawk sandman zeroe cho. finger on the trigger when a burst of gunfire rake both sandman and o’neil . sandman fall from the open chopper door . on the roof Cho open up on full automatic , machine gun unleash a murderous volley of lead . the Black Hawk 's tail rotor disintegrate . the command ship pitch wildly , turbine scream they death throes . the chopper slam into the White House roof . swing seal fall to they death . o’ Neil leap from the die bird . finger grop for purchase on the narrow roof ledge . the command ship plummet , crashing to the South lawn below . explode in a blind fireball . ban riddle another commando -- vaulting the body before it even hit the ground . he sprint forward -- toss aside he weapon and lunge for o’neil . grab hold of the dangle man 's hand . 76 . o’ Neil hang forty foot in the air . ban 's grip the only thing between he fellow secret service agent and death . they eye meet . o’ neil ban -- banning hold on . I have get you -- across the roof Cho stride through the swirl smoke and flame . strain , ban crane he neck around . Cho march purposefully forward . ban 's gaze flicker to he weapon , mere foot away . he have have to let go of o’neil . Cho stop and stand over ban , eye flat . cock he weapon . ban be a dead man . Cho raise he barrel and a bullet explode through Cho 's throat . he fall dead . ban spin and o’ neil stare up , look past he . smoke p229 in he hand . o’ Neil slump , pistol fall from he nerveless finger . int . crawl space - continuous total silence . connor listen in the still darkness . tentative , he push open the access panel door . squeeze out of the tiny crawl space . ext . white house roof - continuous ban strain to hold o’neil 's dead weight . 77 . banning give I you other arm -- o’neil reach up . ban grasp he hand . connor ( 0.s. ) Mike ? ban 's head swivel . across the roof connor wander across the rooftop . disorient by the smoke and swirl flame . banning ( croak hoarsely ) connor ! the boy stumble blindly through the haze . behind connor , pak and he man vault topside . pak roughly grab the boy . connor Mike ! on the far parapet , obscure by smoke , ban lie unseen . banning ( weakly ) connor ... he stare helplessly as pak drag the boy away . ban turn . and with the last of he strength , haul o’neil up onto the White House roof . o’ Neil stare weakly , mouth twitching . o’ neil always the cowboy ... he cough , gurgle blood . banning hold on , o'neil -- the light fade from o’neil 's eye . 78 . o’neil you should not ... have leave ... the boy . he die . ban stare across the roof . a nightmare landscape of dead body , smoking debris , and flame . connor be go . int . peoc - continuous kang 's tac -com crackle . he listen . kang ( into tac - com ) bring he to I . int . crisis room - continuous on the massive wallscreen , video footage of the assault 's disastrous aftermath unfold . everyone stare in horror . the wallscreen flicker ... and kang 's face appear . kang Mr. trumbull -- trumbull swallow . int . peoc - continuous kang stare , face implacable . kang you be warn . kang turn , and in one smooth motion shoot vice President cardoza point blank in the head . kang ( cont have ) you President be next . cardoza 's body slump to the floor , dead . 79 . kang ( cont have ) you now have one hour to recall the seventh fleet . when this be do , I want Marine one on the South lawn fuel and ready . ( beat ) one hour . kang terminate the transmission . int . crisis room - continuous the digital wall clock read 9:48 . jacob ( to trumbull ) we have get no choice . you have to recall the fleet . galdarre but , Mr. speaker -- trumbull what do you propose , General ? this people hold all the card -- malik all but one . everyone look up . malik ( cont have ) I take the liberty of dispatch a operative -- one of my own -- to go in with the General 's man . trumbull but the strike team be destroy -- malik my asset be not . jacob how can you be sure ? malik his bio-sensor 's still tracking . he 's alive . 80 . malik do not blink . malik ( cont have ) he 's never fail a mission . trumbull turn to Jacobs . trumbull what about ban ? could he still be -- Jacobs hold he gaze . jacob I do not know . ext . white house roof - continuous ban lean against the low parapet . bloodie , batter , bruise . he stare through the drift haze , and see -- connor 's ball cap blow end over end across the debris-strewn roof . ban reach out . clutch the crumpled cap in he fist . he gaze down at the cap . the word '' U.S. secret service '' stare back . like a beacon across time . ban straighten . reaches for o’neil 's headset . banning ( into tac - com ) -- director -- do you copy -- ? int . crisis room - continuous ban 's voice come over the intercom . everyone spin . Jacobs grab the microphone . jacob ban ! 81 . ext . white house roof - continuous banning ( matter - of - fact ) they be all dead . he grab a weapon , check the magazine . jacob ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) ban -- what -- what be you go to do ? ban stride across the roof , face a mask of resolve . banning my job . int . peoc - continuous kang push a button on the control console . the door to the peoc live quarter slide OPEN . kang Admiral , you 's 1ll come with I -- hoenig hesitates -- this be the room where the body of Lee , mcmillan and cardoza be all take ... asher no , nate -- a commando level he weapon at hoenig 's chest . kang Admiral ? on leg of stone , hoenig stand and slowly cross the peoc . hesitantly step inside the small room . kang follow -- and the door close . ext . white house roof - continuous Broken corpse sprawl across the still smolder roof . suddenly , one body move . the figure stand amidst the smoke and flicker flame -- 82. sandman march forward , like a machine . pale eye like ice . int . peoc - continuous the massive bunker door open . pak enter with connor . asher connor ! the boy run to he father . asher ( cont have ) thank God ... kang roughly spin the boy by he arm . loom over he , face ominous . kang who 's be help you ? connor stare back , defiant . do not answer . Asher pull he son away , protective . lim ( 0.s. ) get he . kang turn , cross to lim at the control console . on she monitor screen , lim replay surveillance video from the machine floor . video footage : a figure surprise the three machine floor guard . kang freeze and process for face recognition . lim freeze-frames the figure 's face , zooming in . Hit a button . head shot photograph from the government 's full personnel database cross - reference the image at blind speed . the match frame appear . ban 's id photo . 83. kang ( cont have ) ( read ) Michael Taylor ban . first recon Lieutenant -- Silver Star -- ( beat , eye widen ) current secret service -- demotion follow death rule accidental -- Margaret Louise Asher . kang slowly turn -- and lock eye with the President . int . white house corridor - continuous ban peer down the long hall . crisscross with motion sensor beam . there 's no way past . kang 's voice ( 0.s. ) ( amplify ) Mike ban . kang 's voice boom over the White House intercom system . int . peoc - continuous kang study the monitor screen intently . kang special agent -- Mike ban . ban stay hide . intercutting a long beat of silence . and then ... connor' voice ( 0.s. ) ( shaky ) Mike ? this stop ban in he track . kang you have 30 second to show yourself , agent ban . or I put a bullet in he eye . ban lean back , close he eye . 84 . kang ( cont have ) Fifteen second . we can tell from ban 's face this be the hardest decision of he life . kang ( cont have ) five . ban leave he weapon and o’neil 's tac - com behind , move into view . lim 's monitor alarm suddenly trill . ban walk down the corridor in full view , trip the sensor beam . unarm , hand hold high . across the hall , the White House emergency elevator door suddenly OPEN . ban step inside . the door close . int . crisis room - continuous the wall clock continue its inexorable march . time 's up . trumbull hesitates . all eye on he . trumbull ( beat ) recall the seventh fleet . a wave of trepidation sweep the room . galdarre we have just clear the way for the North Korean invasion . int . corridor outside peoc - continuous alarm echoing , the emergency elevator door OPEN . ban stand inside the elevator car . Three commandos wait outside for he , weapon levele . the wall - mount hallway camera zoom in . 85 . int . peoc - continuous secure in the peoc , kang watch the proceedings in the corridor outside on he monitor screen . close on monitor : hand raise , ban step from the elevator car . int . corridor outside peoc - continuous the alarm suddenly shut off . Dead silence . kang ( 0.s. ) ( amplify ) so this be we Silver Star . kang 's disembody voice echoe in the corridor . ban look up , stare directly into the camera . int . peoc - continuous kang regards ban 's defiant face on the monitor . kang ( into mic ) I be afraid failure seem to be quite the habit for you ... int . corridor outside peoc - continuous ban stand helpless before the armed commando . the lead commando 's tac-com crackle . kang ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) kill he . int . peoc - continuous kang watch the lead commando raise he weapon , when suddenly -- the monitor screen white out . 86 . int . corridor outside peoc - continuous pfft ! pfet ! pfft ! the three commando all drop as if pole - axed . fell by pinpoint silence round to the head . ban jerk up and sandman peer down the barrel of he xm8 at the far end of the hall . sandman lower he weapon , stride quickly forward . banning who be you ? sandman NSA . sandman march for the peoc door . ban grab a weapon from a dead commando . banning the bunker 's seal -- sandman pull a small remote device from he web harness . int . peoc - continuous all the monitor screen be jag with snowy interference . kang what 's happen ? lim frantically work the control , try to restore the static-filled screen . lim -- I have lose override -- the massive bunker door suddenly chime . pak and the other commando all spin , weapon levele . kang quickly step behind the seat Asher , put he gun to the President 's temple . the titanium door slowly swing OPEN . 87 . swirling haze from smoke grenade drift in . we can not see a thing . kang 's man train they weapon on the bunker entrance . ready to blow away anything the instant it appear . second pass , seem like hour . when suddenly a laser beam bounce through the smoky haze . sandman ( 0.s. ) ( neutral , robotic ) lower you weapon -— the pinpoint laser come to rest squarely on kang 's forehead . through the swirl smoke ... sandman and banning step into the bunker . sandman keep he xm8 train on kang . ban cover pak and the other commando . sandman -- nobody move -- connor Mike ! banning it 's okay , partner -- ban make eye contact with Asher across the room . the two share a look . sandman come with I , sir -- I be get you out of here -- asher not without the other . sandman 's eye imperceptibly flicker -- instantly take in the enemy weapon -- the number of hostage -- mind coldly calculate the odd . they 's 1ll never make it . 88 . sandman that be not my order . asher I be not leave without they -- shockingly , sandman 's laser dot move from kang 's forehead ... to Asher 's . banning ( to sandman ) -- the fuck -- pak and he man raise they weapon -- kang halt they . sandman keep he gun train on the President . banning ( cont have ) ( to sandman ) what the hell be you do ? Asher stare at sandman , eye know . asher he know exactly what he 's do . sandman stare down he weapon . asher ( cont have ) he be not send to protect I . ( beat ) he be send to protect cerberus . kang turn he weapon on sandman . ban shift , take dead aim at kang . banning ( to sandman ) take you weapon off the President . sandman do not move . laser dot steady on Asher . he know kang need Asher alive -- need Asher 's code . would sandman actually kill he own President in order to protect cerberus ? kang and sandman lock eye . both freeze like statue , neither move a muscle . close on sandman : face a stony mask , ice - blue eye stare back at kang , when ... 89 . ... the slight twitch . banning ( cont 's d) no ! kang fire , hit sandman -- ban simultaneously knock sandman 's barrel upward as the xm8 unload on full auto -- bullet blasting the wall just above Asher 's head -- pak and the other commando OPEN FIRE . the whole room erupt in gunfire , hostage diving for cover . ban spin , firing -- cut one of the commandos in half . sandman be catch in the crossfire , body jerking from the hit . he spray on full automatic -- take out half the commando in the room -- refuse to go down -- Asher protectively shield connor with he body . ban be CUT off from they . he lunge for the President -- but pak drive he back with a withering burst of fire . sandman 's riddle body fall to the ground , dead . the relentless gunfire explode around ban . no choice . he roll -- firing -- dive through the bunker door , bullet whining . pak leap up , take off after ban . int . corridor outside peoc - continuous ban haul ass down the corridor . crash into the fire stairwell . int . stairwell - continuous ban check he weapon . half a clip leave . he crack the door . cautiously peer out and a line of slug stitch the fire door , spark flying . pak advance down the hall , firing from the hip . ban duck back . 90 . he look up . the stairwell soar above he . Flight after flight , seem to go forever . ban race up the stair . behind he and below , the fire door slam OPEN . pak swiftly climb , pursue . int . peoc - continuous kang stand over Asher . kang so you protector fail you -- as he fail you wife -- kang glance at connor . kang ( cont have ) -- and you son -- kang turn , kneel beside sandman 's corpse . pull the small remote from the dead man 's web harness . kang flick the switch . the monitor screen go back on -line . he drop the device to the floor -- crushing it under he boot . lim suddenly spin from the control console . lim they 's be recalling the fleet . kang be there ever a doubt ? Asher glare at kang . asher you just open the door to armageddon . kang no , Mr. President . you do . 91 . int . stairwell - continuous ban race up the endless flight , breathe hard . pak relentlessly pursue . ban peer down the stairwell . a burst explode past he face , bullet whining . ban keep climb . int . peoc - continuous kang violently yank connor from he father . kang now , Mr. President -- he press he gun to the boy 's temple . kang ( cont have ) you code . connor look up , face fill with fear . Asher lock eye with he terrify son . kang cock he weapon . a long , excruciate beat . asher d-r-seven-two-five-six-nine . kang release the boy , triumphant . kang ( into tac - com ) all unit . we be leave . int . white house - series of shot - continuous throughout the White House , sentries abandon they post and race down the hall . int . peoc - continuous Asher glare at kang , defiant . 92 . asher but it 's no good to you -- kang nod to he man , who sling black shoulder bag . asher ( cont would ) -- without the code of the Joint Chief 's Chairman and Defense Secretary , mine 's useless -- the commando begin herding the hostage from the bunker . asher ( cont have ) -- you murder mcmillan before she could -- kang push a button on the control console . the door to the peoc live quarter slide open and secretary mcmillan be haul back into the peoc . very much alive . mcmillan 's eye meet Asher 's . Asher 's face turn white . mcmillan Mr. President -- I be sorry -- Asher gape , dumbstruck . kang I lie -- there be a antidote -- if administer in time -- Asher 's eye flicker past mcmillan , into the small room . foreign Minister Lee lie lifeless on the first cot . vice President cardoza dead on the second . Admiral hoenig , throat brutally CUT , lie on the third . mcmillan ( horrify , helpless ) -- I think -- nate be kill because he refuse -- mcmillan be haul away , through the bunker door . Asher stare in stunne disbelief . the last of the hostage be herde out . Asher , connor , kang , and lim remain in the bunker . 93 . kang hand lim he stainless steel briefcase . kang I ’1ll see you shortly . lim nod , head for the door . asher ( to kang ) please -- let my son go -- the massive bunker door clang shut behind lim , lock . kang turn to Asher . kang we be not finish yet . int . corridor outside peoc - continuous the hostage and captor file into the emergency elevator . lim thumb the button , and the lift rise . int . peoc - continuous kang stand before the control console , rapidly flip switch . computer voice initiation sequence activate . please enter cerberus code . kang enter the three code . upon enter the final one , the entire console whirs alive . computer voice ( cont have ) cerberus be activate -- cerberus be activate -- Asher look on helplessly . int . norad command - continuous the North american aerospace Defense ( norad ) command bunker . super the legend : norad operation command cheyenne mountain , colorado 94 . the computer mainframe light up like a Christmas tree . the head technician spin . technician get the watch commander ! int . east wing hallway - continuous ban burst from the stairwell , chest heaving . spin and race down the hall . ext . sky over D.C. - continuous twin rotor throbbing , marine one -- a V - 22 osprey tiltrotor -- arrow toward the White House . int . east wing hallway - continuous ban move silently down the ground floor hall . glance behind he , pak nowhere in sight . ping ! at the far end of the hall , the elevator door OPEN . the hostage and they captor rush from the car . ban pull back , eye watchful . more commando race up , join that exite the car . some sort of rally point . ban watch , unseen . eye search for Asher and connor . at the elevator the commando unsling they shoulder bag , unzipping they . what look like fold black clothing lay within . lim reach inside the elevator , punch a button on the control panel . the empty car descend . the commando and hostage disappear around the corner . 95 . int . peoc - continuous the massive peoc wallscreen configure into a huge digital map of the continental UNITED states . asher what be you do -- ? kang flick a switch . a dozen signal light wink on across the map . nebraska , Colorado , South dakota , upstate New York ... the entire norad missile defense grid . asher ( cont have ) -- we have not launch any missile for you to self - destruct -- kang who say anything about wait for they launch ? ( pause ) I be go to trigger they inside they silo . Asher 's face drain . asher ( shocked ) what the hell be you talk about ?! but that mean -- kang smile . asher ( cont have ) ( plead ) listen , you want a unify Korea -- you be go to get it -- you do not need to do this -- kang a unify Korea ? ( laugh ) I have listen to that empty socialist palaver my entire life . Asher be stunne to he core . kang ( cont have ) no , Mr. President . that 's not why I be here . 96 . kang turn , and kneel down before connor . stare directly into the boy 's eye . kang ( cont have ) you know connor , I watch my mother die too . want to know how ? ( pause ) the american mine ... be hide in the snow . it explode -- I could not hear a thing . just this high - pitch buzz in my ear . I look down and ... I be cover with blood . my mother ... she face be go . leg bloody stump . yet still -- she reach out for I -- as she ble out in the snow ... asher get away from he ! kang slowly rise . turn to Asher , face a cold mask . kang ( matter - of - fact ) the explosive force within each harden bunker will detonate the warhead . two hundred kiloton per missile , nominal yield . ten of million will perish in the resultant nuclear winter ... you farm belt decimate for the next 250 year . a cold ... dark ... radioactive wasteland . kang turn to the control console and flip the '' enable '' switch . kang ( cont have ) now too , America shall know famine and destruction . the console timer read 8:00.00 and begin count down . eight minute to doomsday . ext . south lawn - continuous Marine one flare for a landing , twin rotor whirring . 97 . ext . nearby rooftop - continuous counter sniper marksmen peer through starlight nightscope . Zeroing the South portico . sniper # 1 hercules six , in position . Pov nightscope : the South portico square in the sniper 's crosshair . when the commando step outside , they be dead man . int . east wing hallway - continuous through a small window , ban watch Marine one land on the South lawn . from beneath the South portico , the hostage and they captor slowly emerge onto the South lawn ... all dressed identically in black ski mask and rain ponchos . the indistinguishable , huddle group shuffles for Marine one . ext . nearby rooftop - continuous the sharpshooter squint through they sniper scope . sniper # 2 hercules six , do you have a shot ? sniper # 1 negative . target unclear . int . east wing hallway - continuous ban watch the huddle group shuffle for the tiltrotor . mind racing . he raise he mp - 5 and smashes the window pane . triggers a long burst across the lawn . ext . south lawn - continuous ban 's line of slug churn the grass . 98 . it work . on instinct , the commando react . draw they weapon , search for target . the hostage duck like sheep . now we know who the commando be . the rooftop sniper OPEN FIRE . the commando be mow down like a scythe . the hostage race for Marine one . ban 's eye frantically scan the fast-move figure ... no one the size of connor . where be he ? where 's the President ? mcmillan and the other hostage dive aboard the tiltrotor . cower against the whizzing bullet . lim leap aboard , clutching kang 's briefcase . marine one pilot I be take hit ! wheel up ! Marine one take off , turbine howling . int . peoc - continuous kang stand watch on the video monitor . video screen : Marine one lift off from the South lawn . kang pull out a small trigger device . asher no ! kang thumb the button . ext . south lawn - continuous Marine one explode over the South lawn . disintegrate ina massive fireball . 99 . int . east wing hallway - continuous ban stare in horror . int . crisis room - continuous the live newsfeed unfold on the wallscreen . the gather watch in disbelief as the tiltrotor dissolves in flame . int . peoc - continuous kang gaze at the monitor screen , pleased . int . east wing hallway - continuous ban spin , race down the corridor . int . peoc - continuous kang press a button on the control console and a hidden stairwell open in the bunker floor . kang turn to Asher and connor , huddle against the wall . kang get up . Asher glare up in defiance . kang reach down and roughly haul the President to he foot . shove he forward . behind kang , unseen , connor 's eye dart over the mainframe . he reach out , quickly hit a button . Asher and connor share the briefest look . kang spin , eye narrow . grab the boy , and push he and he father down the metal stairway at gunpoint . and on the blink control console behind they , the button which connor press be now illuminate . it read ... bunker unsealed . 100 . int . crisis room - continuous close on wallscreen : everyone stare in stunne silence at the burn wreckage that be Marine one . no one could have survive . trumbull 's eye move down the wallscreen -- to the live media feed of the escalate Korean crisis . video footage : North Korean tank and artillery rumble along the dmz . jet fighter zoom overhead . trumbull they 's be go to do it -- galdarre Sir -- the President 's dead ! order the fleet back ! across the room , malik stand , hotline phone press to he ear . malik Jesus Christ -- everyone spin . malik ( cont have ) ( look up ) cerberus have be activate . trumbull 's face blanch . trumbull what ? but we have not launch a counterstrike -- a terrible beat . the realization of kang 's true diabolical plan become clear . jacob how many silo ? mailk put the receiver down , face ashen . malik all of they . they exchange look , face freeze in utter horror . 101 . int . white house corridor - continuous ban race up . retrieve o’neil 's tac-com and the weapon which he previously leave in the hall . banning ( into tac - com ) director Jacobs -- int . crisis room - continuous ban 's voice come over the intercom . jacob ban ! intercutting banning I do not think the President and connor be on Marine one . they may still be alive -- the room buzy with the revelation . jacob ( talk fast ) listen , cerberus have be activate ! kang 's go to detonate the icbm in they silo -- banning ( stunne disbelief ) what ! jacob he 's go to kill we all . ban be rock . jacob ( cont have ) you have to get in that bunker . it 's the only way to stop it -- ban spin , mind racing . the emergency elevator . he sprint down the corridor . 102 . int . s.l.e.d. platform - continuous kang lead Asher and connor below to the platform for the subterranean Launch evac device ( s.l.e.d . ) . a underground escape car , shape like a small bullet train . a track tunnel lead into the darkness . int . emergency elevator - continuous ban pries at the heavy emergency elevator door . they will not budge . he try again , tooth clench . pull with all he might . slowly , the door part . ext . white house - continuous army rangers storm across the lawn of the White House . int . emergency elevator shaft - continuous Doors open , ban unbuckle he belt . rigs a crude harness and strap it onto the elevator cable . jacob 's voice ( 0o.s. ) ( over tac - com ) there 's not much time -- ban look into the black shaft . it 's a long way down . he take a deep breath ... and step into space . int . peoc - continuous the countdown monitor on the control console run down . 2 minute , 36 second remain . 103. int . white house - continuous the Army ranger burst into the White House . re-secure the building . int . corridor outside peoc - continuous ban lunge around the corner . race down the corridor for the peoc when pak stride into the corridor from the far end . in one smooth motion , pak level he weapon and unload on full automatic . a wither burst of fire . ban be driven back , around the corner . he reach he mp - 5 around the corner , sprays blindly down the hall . pak keep advance , furiously firing . ban pull the trigger . click ! empty . pak keep advance , furious rate of FIRE never slow . ban scramble away , lose he tac-com . pak turn the corner , blast the headset to piece . ban be trap . he 's a dead man . pak raise he weapon for the kill burst -- click . he 's dry too ! pak toss the weapon . pull he combat knife . the thing look like a fuck sword . frantic , ban grope in he pants pocket . pak advance down the hall -- frighteningly fast for a man he size . he raise the knife and a shuriken magically appear between he eye . pak sway unsteady , face confuse . then topple forward like a totem , dead . 104 . int . peoc - continuous the countdown monitor continue its inexorable march . 48 second to go . int . outside peoc - continuous ban rush up to the massive door to the peoc bunker . like the portal to the underworld itself . the vault - like door be shut tight . against all hope , ban 's hand reach for the door handle . he press down on the latch . the door open . int . s.l.e.d. tunnel - continuous kang , Asher , and connor get strapped into the evac car . int . peoc - continuous ban race inside . lunge for the control console . 34 second remain . his eye frantically search the myriad light and switch . he spy the button : '' national military command CENTER '' . ban punch it . int . crisis room - continuous ban 's sweaty face appear on the wallscreen . banning how do I stop it ? intercutting jacob find the control panel mark -- '' countermand '' . 105 . ban 's eye fly over the dial and toggle . 19 second leave . banning get it ! jacob flip the blue- white switch mark '' initiate recall '' . ban flip the switch . computer voice deactivation sequence initiate . please enter abort command . the 16 - character '' enter code '' field illuminate . 15 second remain . banning ( urgent ) give it to I -- jacob ( enunciate precisely ) november-india-lima-5 - sweat run into ban 's eye . he blink it away . 10 ... 9 ... 8 ... jacob ( cont have ) oscar-hotel-backslash-niner - his finger fly . tie. 6 ... 5.0. jacob ( cont have ) victor-kilo-underscore-hashtag - ban do not even breathe . 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... jacob ( cont have ) echo-7-sierra-foxtrot - the timer hit 00:00:00 . 106 . computer voice cerberus have be deactivate . cerberus have be deactivate . ban 's eye flick to the open stairwell in the floor . without hesitation , he race across the bunker . vault down the stair . int . s.l.e.d. car - continuous kang initialize the launch sequence . turn to Asher and draw he tanto ( tactical special force knife ) . Asher 's eye go wide . the blade flash down -- -- and cut Asher 's zipcuff . kang press the President 's palm to the translucent id square on the car 's control panel . computer voice welcome , Mr. President . the sled 's engine roar to life . ban race across the launch platform . sprint after the escape car and leap onto the rear of the sled . just as the escape car rocket down the track . the sled accelerate shockingly fast . slam down the rail . int . crisis room - continuous trumbull scoops up the flash hotline phone . trumbull norad confirm . cerberus have be shut down . everyone can breathe again . int . s.l.e.d. tunnel - continuous the escape car scream forward , track a blur . somehow , ban hold on . 107 . he duck he head into the slipstream . and see -- the track just end up ahead , nothing but a wall of solid earth . the car slam forward at 80 mph . ban duck down , suck air in short , rapid breath . int . s.l.e.d. car ( moving fast ) - continuous through the windscreen , the earthen wall rush up . no time to stop . Asher glare at kang . kang stare back , face impassive . he 's dare he . the black wall loom like death itself . Asher glance one last time at connor and then -- reach out and presses he palm to the control panel id square . the earthen wall explode . ext . tidal basin - underwater - continuous explosive bolt detonate , whole wall disintegrating into nothingness . the sled rocket through the swirl debris , into the depth of the tidal basin . a avalanche of water engulf ban . the sled zip underwater like a streaking torpedo . a home beacon suddenly begin to drone . the sled slowly rise , ban hold on . the escape car continue to ascend . ban 's face contort . be down too long . need air . his torso writhes , burn lung scream ... ban let go . he float away , body disappear into the murky depth . 108 . the sled keep rise . int . sewer substation - continuous the escape car surface , docking at a underground sewer substation . the main hatch open . kang prod Asher and connor from the car with he gun . onto the docking platform . without warning -- kang spin -- pistol whip Asher across the face . the President drop to he knee . connor dad ! kang loom over Asher . kang Goodbye , Mr. President -- without ceremony , kang point the pistol in Asher 's face when banning suddenly dive from the shadow -- tackling kang to the ground . the pistol spin from kang 's hand , across the steel platform . kang spin away . the two man face each other , circle . kang draw he tanto . cat-quick -- kang leap forward -- razor - sharp blade flash . a ninjutsu master . the blade slice ban 's arm . Asher grab the flare gun from the sled . aim at the two spin , circle form . no clear shot . banning ( yell to Asher ) run ! Asher hesitates . banning ( cont would ) -- take connor -- go ! Asher grab connor 's hand . they race for the ladder . 109 . kang lunge -- and ban grab he knife hand . they smash into the wall -- furiously grapple . kang drive a fist into ban 's kidney . ban grunt , nearly fainting . kang leap back . connect with a spin kick to ban 's head . ban fall . kang leap onto ban , straddle he . ban block kang 's fatal knife thrust -- but the blade bear down -- directly over ban 's heart -- the two lock in a death embrace , but kang have the advantage . he bear down harder . ban struggle beneath he . slowly -- inexorably -- the blade arc down . the tip pierce ban 's skin , draw blood ... when from the wall above , a telltale hiss . with the last of he strength , ban push kang 's face up . directly in line with the recess venting pipe -- a scald jet of steam explode from the wall . the force of the blast blow kang off ban . the tanto go spin into the water . kang stagger back , grimace with rage and pain . he scramble for he pistol across the platform . ban leap up , race for the substation ladder . kang grab the pistol , whirl . fire wildly after ban . ban climb the ladder , bullet whining . ext . tidal basin - continuous a isolate , cordon area on the bank of the tidal basin . yellow caution tape flutter . Asher and connor climb from the access manhole . ban scramble from the manhole after they . run to the President and connor , prod they forward . banning come on ! connor look back . and scream . 110 . ban whirl and kang climb from the manhole . he shamble forward , eye burn . like some demonic specter from Hell . kang turn , and we see ... the left side of he face be blister black . ear , skin , hair , all go . Asher raise the flare gun . kang level he own pistol at connor . kang ( to Asher ) do not be stupid -- Asher lower the flare . drop it in the grass . ban 's eye glance to the weapon . he just might make it . ban stop himself . look from Asher to kang . kang cross the recently - erect firework platform , move in for the kill . kang ( cont have ) annyong - hi kaseyo , Mr. President -- kang level he weapon at Asher . banning no ! kang pull the trigger . ban dive in front of Asher -- taking the bullet save the President 's life . and give Asher one crucial second . to grab the flare gun from the grass . Asher swing the weapon up , aim wildly ... 111 . he fire the flare miss . the projectile fall short , sizzling at kang 's foot . kang look up . and with that horrific ghastly face ... he smile . a look of pure evil . kang raise he weapon to kill the President . when somewhere , in the dark recess of he diabolical brain , something suddenly click . kang 's eye flicker for the briefest second -- the flare explode the whole firework platform upon which kang stand literally erupt . detonate in a gigantic fireball . kang just be not there anymore . the soar firework rocket skyward , booming . vaporize kang into a million piece . Asher help ban to he foot . check he wound . asher you okay ? ban nod , wince . the two share a long look . a whirlwind of emotion pass between they . asher ( cont have ) thank you -- Asher pull he son close , grateful . ban 's eye fill with sweet redemption . voice ( o.s. ) over here ! Army ranger converge on ban and the President from across the mall. 112 . int . crisis room - shortly later on the wallscreen , live media coverage of the continue Korean crisis . Banner headline read : '' war appear imminent '' . video footage : mass tank and artillery prepare to roll across the border . motorized infantry itching to attack . the gather all stare at the wallscreen , face fill with apprehension , when ... asher suddenly burst into the room , flanke by ban and connor . everyone leap to they foot , astound . the President be alive ! trumbull Mr. President , thank God ! asher get pyongy on the line -- now . everyone wait , expectant . the wallscreen flicker . the NORTH korean premier appear on the screen . Asher straighten . and for the first time since this whole nightmare begin , he resume he role as President and Commander - in - Chief . asher ( cont would ) Mr. Premier , this be President Benjamin Asher . I hereby demand the immediate withdrawal of all combat division deploy along the dmz in they current posture of imminent aggression -- the Premier stare back , face unreadable . asher ( cont would ) if you do not accede to this request , you leave I no choice , in accordance with America 's mutual defense pact with the Republic of Korea , to act against you at once with the full might and fury of the United States arsenal -- 113 . premier Mr. President . I assure you we military force be merely engage in war game exercise . this be we sovereign right -- Asher 's voice harden . asher and this be my final request , Mr. Premier . I want you word you will stand down . ( beat ) do I have it ? premier the Democratic people Republic of Korea be a peaceable nation , Mr. President . asher ( firm ) do I have you word ? a long , excruciate beat . premier you have it . the Premier 's face disappear from the screen . the entire crisis room explode in cheer and applause . Asher 's gaze flick across the room -- and find malik . the two man share a long , profound look . malik blink first , look away . Jacobs slowly approach Asher . jacob Mr. President -- she struggle for the word . jacob ( cont have ) on behalf of the secret service ... I want you to know , sir .. ( falter ) I be sorry . 114 . Jacobs look down . nothing more to say . asher no need to apologize , director . Asher glance at ban . asher ( cont have ) you have you best man on it . ext . white house - same dramatically backlit by searchlight , Army ranger hoist the american flag over the White House once again . the star and stripe ripple in the breeze . the flag raise on iwo jima have nothing on this one . dissolve to : ext . white house south lawn - day dignitary and press assemble on the beautifully restore South lawn . super the legend : several week later President Asher address the nation from he podium . asher America have withstood many test in she time . none more try than this most recent adversity . but together as a nation -- and through the unflagge effort of a courageous few -- America have once again prove that if we stand together -- that if we stand as one -- we shall always prevail . the gather all rise in thunderous applause . connor beam proudly up at he father . then he turn . and if the boy can beam even more proudly , he do . 115 . for stand behind they , in the unmistakable shade and coiled earpiece of the United States secret service presidential Protection detail , be ... mike banning . fade to black .