~ oo mns ~ : a en , on golden pond screenplay by - Ernest Thompson revised sz serrember ww , 1490 Rev. 6/28/80 on golden powd fade in : aerial shot - day 1 from high above , we see rural New England , all green and gray , lace with black and brown wind road and blue river , and blue pond , litt le drab town highlight with the inevitable white church . and then the lake - day Golden Pond , shimmer like deep green forest . ext . road - day a late-model buick , modest c along this country highway . where a farmer be erecting a new section of fence . ext . road - day a signpost with a charming c point out the direction t other point of interest . the buick turn off the highway onto a smaller tar be ext . hill - day a open meadow , ablaze with wild flower , blueberry bush just buddin edge . we see the fake shine down below . int . car - day &.nel thayer be at the wheel of life and energy , feisty . thayer , jr. , seventy - nine , gray and fade . he stare out the car window without emotion , but ethel be aglow ' with enthusiasm and excitement . she look at norman ard smile . the car move on . gat . village - day é cluste . of ancient house , teensgec boy be carefully pa : t+ : tuick drive slowly by . 2 a sapphire against the 3 olor and style , cruise it pass a small farm 4 ollection of information , '' Golden Pond , as well as ' oad . 5 the buick stop at the meadow 's 6 -_ she be sixty -nine , full beside she be norman 7 a gas station , where a inting the single pump . * 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 ext . village - day 8 the General store . a woman sweep the sidewalk . a man be nail up a sign announce " summer hour . " a small marina , new boat pile up . the buick cross a tiny bridge . we see a channel , border by house , open onto the lake . ext . lake - day 9 the camera pan down to it and across its surface , and we see the lake 's personality : ext . cove - day 10 the water be calm and relaxed , golden where the sun hit the shallowest part . ext . peninsula - day 11 Little wave lap the scraggly shore , ext . OPEN sea - day 12 bigger wave , angrier , white - cap , bounce hard against white - top rock , red and black buoy bob in the swell . ext . shoreline - day 13 God 's greenest tree , towerin high , bend occasion - ally to the water . Rolling along behind they be the buick . ext . shoreline - day 14 a length of sandy beach , a scrubby swamp . ext . house - day 15 Little modern thing , with lot of glass , too close together . two young man be moor out a sailboat . ext . cabin - day 16 Old , delicate one with dock pile on the bank . a old man struggle with a section of dock . ~ cat 17 18 i9 21 on golden pond ~ Rev. 7/14/80 3. ext . estate - " day . ||. oo 47 " a sprawling place , with tennis court and manicure lawn . - several man be work , pruning tree . ext . camp koochakiyi - day 18 Little cabin and dining hall . float and dock on the beach , boat and canoe be paint . ext . cottage —- day : a lg. pp , two storey high , rambling porch , a widow 's watch . on the bank . be pile section of a dock , and a float with a diving board . the yard be cover with pine needle . the board storm door have be take off the front of the house and now lean on the porch ... there 's a old washtub in the back , full of dirt , where later flower will grow . the buick pull into the yard . '' ethel jump out , norman follow slowly . ethel dash round the side of the * house down to the dock , make loon call . from the * distance the loons answer . ethel turn to norman who * stand at the side of the house watch bemuse . * will , ethel '* norman . the loons : they hear I ! * ' hello Golden Pond . we be here . * norman fumble with key , and open the door . ethel * follow . . int . house = day . . 21 norman and ethel step into the live room . it be large ; - high -ceiling , comfortable - look . there 's a cheery glow from the lake , which can be see through the large window . the room be practically alive with character and history . its furniture , eclectic and interesting , be mostly hide now by dust cover , and there be porch chair and table pile up inside as well . on the wall we see a amazing chronicle of a family . hundred of photograph , diploma and 4 - h ribbon , and drawing , and yellow newspaper clipping . ( continued ) C - 21 on golden . pond - Rev. 7/14/80 4. continued : the whole room , indsea , as we will see , the whole house , be a huge album of memory . there be old fishing hat on - a rack , and old jacket , fishpole , boat cushion , anchor , a water ski , knicknack galore , pine cone , stuff fish , and the like , and hundred of wonderful book , coll - ection . of dumas.and twain and dicken and defoe and stevenson and other master of the ilk . ethel just iook at this place . be all just take a ' minute . shipshape again . she pull off she jacket , put on a marvelous , dilapi - date old thing and step outside . norman study the room , seemingly confuse , as though stare at a old friend he can not guite place . he wander to the fish - pole . . '' on the wall . be a ' photo of norman as a young man hold - ing two large fish . norman stare at the picture . beside it be a clipping whose headline read , '' profe - sor thayer retire . " it be date 1966 . norman norman wander across the room . we see a aluminum . canoe near the porch door , the name " gertrude " emblaze on its bow ° norman opén the wooden front door . he push the screen door , but instead of swinging open , it fall over onto the porch . norman regards it for a moment , then step back into the live room . he looks~about ? he lift a dust cover and find a fifty - style telephone on a small table . he lift the receiver . and listen . norman ( continue ; call ) the phone work ! ( to himsel£ ) at least I think it do . ( he dial " 0 " ) hello ? hello ? hello ? {continued ) 21 21 22 3 . continued : ( 2 ) 21 he be distract by a photo of himself and ethel when they be both much young . norman ( continue ) who the hell be that ? ( he call ) who the hell be in this picture here ? no answer . norman ( continue ) who the hell be that ? hello ? who be this ?... the operator ! what do you want ?... you call , you must want something ... oh , wait a minute . I do call you , but you never answer ... well ... how be you ?... how nice . listen . this be norman thayer , Jr. over on Golden Pond , and I have something I would like you to do . call I up . can you do that ?... I want to check my phone and make certain it still ring . it have not be rung all winter , and it may have lose its whatsis . do you have ny mumber ?... I have no idea , it have a nine in it , that 's all I know ... well , it 's in the book , you must have a book ... norman thayer , Jr. let 's give it a try , shall we ? norman hang up . he stare at the phone expectantly . a moment pass . he squint at the photo . norman ( continue ) who the hell be that ? we hear a knock at the door . norman be startle , he call to the kitchen . norman ( continue ) someone 's at the door ! ext . back stoop - day 22 ethel stand on the step , arm full of log . . ( continued ) 22 23 on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 6 . continued : 22 _ ethel it 's I , you old poop , she wait impatiently until at last norman open the door . norman well , look at you . ethel yes , quite a sight , be not 1 ? int . live room - day . 23 ethel march in , norman follow . he watch while she dump she load of log , and straighten up a bit . ethel norman , it 's so beautiful . everything 's just wating up . Little tiny bird , little tiny leave . I see a whole patch of little tiny flower out by the old cellar hole . 1 forget what they be call , little tiny yellow thing . norman what be you do out there in the wood ? ° ethel get firewood , what do you think I be do ? what happen to the screen door ? . norman it fall over . ethel how ? norman I push it . - ethel what do you mean ? norman I pushed the door and the door fall over . ( continued ) '' on golden pond - Rev. sts . , ~ pee , | continued : : 23° 23 fi ethel af te! 's not suppose to do that when you ' push it . norman I do not think so . I will fix it ' later . : ' you might have close the bi ; door . : _ now we will be swatting black fly or . the next | a oo norman ' take a hat ‘off the rack he. study . himself in the mirror . low do > you like this hat ? a ethel ' stun . do you want to help I with the dust cover ? - norman L don 's not have anything else . to do . she pull the sheet off the sofa . he reluctantly be - move . a cover from a chair and begin to fold it carefully . ethel 1 meet a very nice couple . - hoe '' norman ce . - '' what ? - where ? : ethel in the wood . ue : norman a couple of people . : ‘> ethel | . no. a couple of antelope . of - course a couple of people . migliore i : * -- be they name , I believe . I ' ___.. _. norman ' migliore ?. what sort of name be x , '' that . . o~ / ethel I do not know , dear . italian , probably . they be up from Boston . ( continued ) 23 * on golden pond - Rev. " issae fo 8 . continued : ( 2 ) : 23 wh ee - norman Middle age t mean the middle , ethel , the middle of life . people do not ' live to be 150 . ethel 2 '' we! be at the far edge of middle age , that 's 's all . nas : norman le ! be : not , you '' know - we be not 4 xe old , cand I be . . '' pooh , you be '' in you seventies , ° and i'm in my sixty . well be we go to spend the . - afternoon quibbling about this ? norman ethel , a whatever they age - '' group , nase iuieea we to dinner , ometime . would not that be nice ? - oo norman I do not know . I be not sure my stomach be ready for rigatoni and that sort of thing . oe ' she scowl at he . she carry a ‘old handmade ' table . , up to - the front soor. hy foo . - norman ~¢ continue ) - how 's 's that table ? a bit heavy ? ~ : ethel Lord , yes . my father build this cae table in 1917 . the first summer I . go to Camp koochakiyi . ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 9 . 23 continued : ( 4 ) 23 norman try on another hat . norman what do you think of this one ? ethel : quite a sight . oh , no , poor elmer have have a terrible fall . norman who 's poor elmer ? ethel elmer , my dolly . he fall into the fireplace . norman well , he should be more careful . ethel poor little elmer . the life you have have . do you know he turn sixty - five this spring ? norman no , I must say I be not aware of that . he try on more hat , one of which he will wear for the vest of the scene . ethel my father get he for I on my fourth birthday . I want a red scooter , but my father say red scooter be excessive and contrary to the way of the Lord . he tell I I would understand when I get older . well , I 'ma lot older now and I be afraid I still do not understand . but he give I elmer . and elmer and I , the time we have have . he be my first true love , you know . norman I have know all along I be not the first in line . ethel no , you be a rather cheap substitute for my darling elmer . and now he 's have a fall , poor ear . ( continued ) ee 23 on golden continued : pond - Rev. 6/28/80 10 . ( 5 ) 23 norman maybe he be try to kill himself . maybe he want to be cremate . probably get cancer or termite or something . ethel be you hungry , darling ? norman no . it would not be a bad way to go , huh ? a quick front flip off the mantel , a bit of a kick at the last minute , and end up right in the fire . nothing to it . ethel ° shut up , norman ! norman when my number 's up , do that for I , would you ? prop I up on the mantel and point out which way be down , I may even try for a full gainer with a half twist . ethel norman thayer , will you shut up ? you fascination with die be beginning to frazzle my good humor . norman it 's not a fascination . it just cross my mind now and then . ethel every five minute . do not you have anything else to think about ? norman nothing quite as interesting . ethel well , what 's stop you ? why do not you take you dive and get it over with ? see what it 's like ? norman and leave you alone with elmer ? you must be mad . ( continued ) + ee 23 24 25 on golden pond ~ Rev. 6/28/80 10a . continued : ( 6 ) 23 ethel oh , for pity 's sake . come along with I and let 's get the canoe off the porch . she open the enclose porch . int . porch - day 24 ethel all right . grab a end . norman take one end , she lift the other . ext . house 25 they plod slowly down the step . norman this be not we canoe . it 's way too heavy . the phone ring . ( continued ) 25 26 27 on golden pond ~- Rev. 6/28/80 11 , continued : 25 ethel well , what do you know ? the phone 's ringing . norman who the hell be it ? ethel I do not know , dear . she set she end down . norman set down he . phone ring again , norman - I will get it . maybe it 's St. Peter . you take the canoe on down . he hurry back to the house . ethel drag the canoe . int . live room 26 the phone ring . norman enter . he pause @ moment to regain he breath . he lift the receiver , norman hello ? who be this ?... the operator ! what do you want ?... oh , to check the ring . of course . do it work ? ext . porch - day 27 norman carry the phone onto the porch and watch as ethel gather up paddle and cushion , put the binoc - ular around she neck and carry they all down to the canoe . norman yes , I guess it do ring here . thank you ... I beg you pardon ? , .. oh . thank you . he hang up the phone and leave it on the porch . he eutle down the bank shaking he head . norman ( continue ) she say to have a nice day . what a strange thing to say . what do she think I be go to do ? well , the phone work . ( continued ) 27 28 12 . continued : 27 that 's good . ext . dock - late afternoon 28 he sit on a rock and watch ethel move section of dock . ethel oh , guess whe else I run into ? norman you run into someone else ? the wood be full of people . what 's this place come to ? ethel it be only Charlie . no} who 's Charlie ? ethel Charlie , norman . the mailman . he sai no come round and put in we dock for we . norman i'1l put in the dock . ethel you will not put in the dock . norman why not ? ethel because you be too old . norman I be not old at all . I be middle - age . ethel Charlie say we boat 's all ready and he will bring it on Saturday ! norman i remember Charlie when he be just a little fellow . ( more ) ( continued ) on golden pond ~ Rev. 6/28/80 13 . 28 continued : 28 norman ( cont 'd ) he use to laugh at anything . I think then he be a bit deficient . ethel chelsea have such a crush on he . remember , norman ? norman yes . I could never understand that . he pull himself up and study the beach float , norman ( continue ) remember chelsea try to be on the diving team at school ? ha , ha , ha , ( he hold out he hand ) she be about this wide . he climb up on the diving board . he may take a jump or two while they talk . ethel tsk . she be not any such thing . she have a few fat year , that 's all . : norman I should say so . it 's no wonder she could never do a back flip . no center of gravity . ethel well , she try ... she only do it to please you , anyway . norman I know . ethel oh , norman . would not it be nice if I could persuade she to come and spend a few day this summer ? norman ( after a moment ) mmm . want to go up to the house and play a quick game of parcheesi ? ( continued ) 28 on golden continued : pond ~ Rev. 6/28/80 13a , ( 2 ) 28 ethel not now , norman . we have get the whole summer for you to try to win back the fortune you lose to I last year . norman heh heh . ethel I hope you think about you tactic over the winter . norman heh heh . ethel pretty shoddy , some of that move of yours . norman heh heh . the two of they stare out at the lake . ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 6/10/80 14 , 28 continued : ( 3 ) 28 ethel ( continue ) be not it beautiful , norman ? he step to she and put he arm around she . norman yes . ethel let 's take a quick ride , shall we ? first ride of the year . norman it 's a little cold for that sort of thing , be not it ? ethel come on . she push the canoe into the water and hold the bow . he hesitates , but finally begin to climb in . the canoe rock and norman stumble . norman good God . ethel well , watch yourself . norman I think you be try to kill I . ethel I have think about it . at last he settles in . ethel hand he a paddle , then climb aboard , and they be off . 29 ext . lake - late afternoon 29 norman and ethel in the canoe . she be paddle ener - getically in the bow . he igs fake it in the stern . the canoe , consequently , be veer crookedly . ethel be you paddle , norman ? norman of course I be paddle . ( continued ) 29 on golden continued : pond - Rev. 6/28/80 15 . 29 ethel then you be not steering . do you want I to take the stern ? norman I most certainly do not . he try a little harder . the canoe glide along by other cottage . ethel Charlie say he do not expect miss appley to make it up this summer . norman who 's miss appley ? ethel miss appley , norman , who life in there a miss tate . they be both in they ninety . they be up here together when I be a teenager . wearing they neckty , and sing in the gazebo , holding hand , what a marvelous love affair , if that 's what it be . norman yes . ethel can you imagine be together so long ? norman no . ethel thanks a lot . Charlie say miss appley be just too frail and miss tate will not come without she . it 's sad , be not it ? norman yes . norman and ethel paddle up the shore . a fish break the water . ethel norman ! look at the fish ! my word , it 's go to be a good summer . my father always say if the fish start jump in May it 's a good sign . we will have to go to the village and get you license . ( continued ) + 29 on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 16 . continued : ( 2 ) 29 norman I do not think I will be do any fishing this time around . ethel all right , norman ... norman no point in waste the money . you would think they would give the license free to a old case like I . it 's not as though I would come out here and deplete the entire bass population or anything . - ethel you always catch you share . you always have , norman well , that 's all behind I now . ethel all right , norman . they paddle without speak for a moment . suddenly ethel 's attention be catch by something . she shriek . ethel ( continue ) norman ! norman good God ! what be it ? ethel the loon ! I have spot the loons ! she scramble back in the canoe to retrieve the binocular . ethel ( cont inue ) oh , my goodness . they be so lovely . here . look . he take the glass and train they on the water , ethel ( continue ) do you see they ? ( continued ) 29 30 31 17 . continued : ( 3 ) 29 norman no . oh . oh , my goodness . there they be . ethel be not they beautiful ? norman they be huge ! I have never see such big loon in my life . ethel . that be boat , you poop . come in closer . he lower the glass . we see two loon , huge and black . they swim close to each other . ethel ( continue ) a husband and a wife . I think they be look at we . norman yes . they be . he wave . ethel they be talk . norman I can not make out what they be say . can you read beak ? ethel look ! they be kissing . my word . norman how wonderful . another angle - on the loons 30 they do indeed seem to be kissing . but suddenly they lock around , wary . we hear the SOUND of a motorboat , loud and threaten . another angle 31 now we see the boat , a runabout , sleek and fast , a young couple aboard . ( continued ) with on golden - pond - Rev. 1/14/80 18 " continued os . ; . 31 . ae they head right 's at ' the looas , who ' look at the boat , and C disappear . - the boat zoom fight over the spot where the loons have be ... : 32 on the canoe >~ '' 32 ethel my God ! what be they do ? 33 another angle now : ' the , sp sedboat continue and . head right at the- canoe . '' now the wake of the boat roll toward the } canoe . os norman : . . ae nraise he . middle finger oo '' in a vulgar gesture , shouting ) buzz ofttt '' ethel imitate he gesture . | ethel 's that ' 's right ; buzz off ! . cae . '' norman ce ae oe , : ( shocked ) . . * '' bthel ! | what be you do ? * ethel |. to . what do you mean ? . . * ye x * * * norman * if never mind , I will explain later . . * he and ethel be rock violently by the wave , but * they ride it out . * 34 another angle . 34 om the loons have now surface . one of they call angrily . ethel ( 0.s. ) you be absolutely right . they should be ashamed of themselves ! ( continued ) on golden pond ~ Rev. 7/14/80 19 . 35 '' on the lake - , 35 the water be almost golden in the late afternoon sun . . ethel . norman . look at we house . be not it beautiful ? : norman yes ... which one be it ? ethel ~ you ' be such a poop . it 's the one with yes , that ! 's right . they arift for : ' a. moment , ' look at the distant house , and the loons . a pastoral picture . : . : ~ ethel noman , do you realize this be we forty - eighth summer on Golden Pond . ths norman hmmm . probably we last . 7_ : ethel oh , shut up . she splashes he with she paddle . 35a-d a series of long dissolves between nature shot 35a -d * indicate the passage of time . 36 ext . dock '- Day : - 386 ethel be : repaint '' thayer '' on the metal mailbox . in the b.g.. we see norman on the porch read a paper . we- see * a- boat approach . in it be charlie martin , a local , simple and good-heart . he be towing the " thayer four , " — a - grand old mahogany speedboat . a . ethel I my God , norman ! ) Charlie 's bring the boat . come down and say hello . norman you say hello for I . ethel oh , come on . norman osnap ) no. Charlie draw up to the dock and tie the thayer four . {continued} on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 20 , 36 continued : 36 ethel oh , Charlie , you have do a beautiful job . charlie thank you , ethel . ethel hello , thayer four . you look wonderful . norman ( from porch ) make sure he tie it up right ethel oh , shut up . charlie hello , norman , norman nod hello . ethel come on down , norman , we will go for a ride . norman no , thank you , ethel so enthusiastic , be not he ? Charlie laugh . ethel ( continue ) I love you laugh , Charlie . charlie thank you , ethel . norman step down toward they . norman he 's get the whatsie on the wrong side , the thing you tie the boat to . that 's not where we put the boat . it 's all wrong . ( continued ) 36 37 33 on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 21 . continued : ( 3 ) 36 ethel ( to norman ) well . you should have be down . here help instead of sit on the porch be disagreeable , norman I can see that now , he look around , feel rather smug . he look at ethel 's paintwork . norman ( continue ) you spell we name wrong . ethel what . she actually look at the mailbox , then back at norman who smile slyly . ethel shake she head . int . live room - night 37 norman and ethel be play parcheesi . ethel throw the dice . ethel look at that . eleven ! ( she move ) five -- six -- seven -- eight -- nine -- ten -- eleven . put I right on you man . how about that ? norman ( challenging ) where be you ? ethel oh , do not give I that . norman glower at she . norman five -- six -- seven -- eight -- nime -- ten -- eleven . damn it ! ethel smile at he . int . live room - day 38 nczman be hunch over a newspaper , scan the clas - snfy ad with a magnify glass . he nod he head and call . ( continued ) oe 38 continued : no answer . no answer . no answer . 22 . 38 norman here 's one . listen . ' Driver want for occasional chaufferring and errand , five day a week , pay negotiable . ' sound about right ? norman ( continue ) ' experience require . ' well , I guess I have have enough experience . I have drive enough car , God know , ( he call how many car would you say I have have ? norman ( continue ) twenty probably , if you do not count the nash . twenty car and one nash . sound like experience to I . ( he call ) I think I will give this people a eall . huh ? norman ( continue ) there 's no number . how do you like that ? for God 's sake . it 's so typical . they want a man for a job and yet they do not list a number . well , I hope that exzand be not too crucial . good go . there be a knock at - the door . norman look up , startle . he stand and call . norman ( continue ) someone 's at the door . 39 40 41 23 ... ext . back stoop - day 39 ethel stand on the step , a berry bucket in each hand . in the washtub behind she we see little plant grow . ethel it 's I , you poop . open up . the door open and norman usher she in . int . back entryway - day ' 40 norman where have you be ? ethel out pick berry . there be oodle and oodle of little strawberry along the old town road . look . norman how nice . ethel what on earth you be do in here on a morning like this be beyond I . norman ( carry he papers ) oh , I have be quite busy . I have be look through yesterday 's paper for gainful employment . ethel here we go again . she shake she head and disappear into the kitchen . norman very good prospect , I think . chauffeur , yardwork . the dairy Divine want a ice cream dipper . I think I could do something like that , do not you ? he realize she 's not in the room , he look about , irritate , then head for the kitchen . int . kitchen - day 41 ethel be busily dump she berry into a large bowl . ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 24 , 41 continued ; 41 norman enter , norman oh , here you be , what do you think ? ethel what be you go to do if you call and someone say , ' come on over and start tomorrow ' ? norman go on over and start tomorrow , ethel oh , for the love of God . whatever be the matter with you ? why do not you take a bucket and go pick we another quart of strawberry ? I will fix we up a scrumptious shortcake for lunch . norman you want I to pick strawberry ? ethel yes . do I have to put a ad in the paper ? . norman I be not sure I know how to pick strawberry . ethel there 's really nothing to it , norman . you bend over and you pick they . come on . norman Bend over ? where be they ? ethel on the ground , where they belong . norman the last time we pick blueberry they be on a bush . do not have to bend over at all . ethel well , this be strawberry . they be on the ground . she lead he out . i + ee 42 on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 24a . ext . house - day 42 ethel lead norman down the stoop and into the yard . we hear a motorboat . norman look at the lake . norman oh . here come what ' s-his -name . he will be bring the paper , you know . ( more ) ( continued ) 42 on golden continued : she give pond - Rev. 6/10/80 a 25 . 42 norman ( cont 'd ) T would not want to miss any career opportunity just because I be off look for strawberry . ethel ( lead he along ) I will pay you , norman . it could be the beginning of something big . you may become a major strawberry picker , norman not if I have to be bend over all the time , I think you be try to kill I . ethel I have think about it , norman you need not bother . I be on borrow time as it be . ethel would you please take you cheery personality and get out of here ? norman I hope you will be prepare to massage my bent back this evening . ethel ( kissing he ) with pleasure . he a push and he step away , mumble . norman maybe I could lie.down to pick the berry , he seem confuse as he turn and trudge into the wood . ethel watch , concerned , but glad to have get he into motion . she look at the lake , head down to it . 43 on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 25a. ext . dock - day 43 ethel move toward the house as Charlie roar up in he boat . he wave . and cut he motor . charlie ( shouting ) Morning , ethel . ethel ( shouting ) come on up and have some coffee . you can take five minute off . I will write you a note and you can send it to the postmaster General . Charlie love this . he laugh and clamber out of the boat . he hold a small package and a packet of mail , from which he pull a letter . charlie you get a letter from chelsea . ( continued ) 43 44 45 46 on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 26 . continued : 43 charlie ( cont 'd ) the rest be just bill and junk like that . he head up the bank . ext . porch - day 44 Charlie pull open the door , but it fall 's over on he . he set down the mail and prop the door against the wall . charlie ( call ) uh-oh . I think I break you door . ethel ( from the kitehen ) oh , no , it 's be that way for a month now . norman be suppose to fix it , but I be afraid it 's not high on he list of priority . which make Charlie laugh . they step inside . ext . forest - day 45 norman be stand at the end of the lane with he ber - ry bucket . he slap at a mosquito , he step into the wood , then quickly step back to the lane , unsettle . he try again . into the wood , a little further this time . he stop , stare up at a huge tree as though surprised to find it there . he seem ready to cry . int . live room - day 46 Charlie stand by the fireplace , not totally comforta - ble in the thayer home . he look at the photo , and smile . on the photo 47 not of norman as a young man , in he bathing suit , on she ? ging board . ui. 9 * che daughter , chelsea , plump , but pretty . also o:. ene diving board . he pick it up . pad ( on 48 49 on golden pond - Rev. 7/23/80 27 . on charlie . 48 he gaze at the photo with great interest . ethel ( 0.s. ) come and get a biscuit , Charlie . he fumble with the picture and put it back . he step into the kitchen . int . kitchen - day 49 ethel be set out coffee and biscuit . Charlie hand - ettiel - the letter from chelsea . ethel slip it into she pocket . charlie you know , they lose a little girl in purgatory cove . she be visit she grandparent , you know , the mccreas up on the point ... ethel of course ... charlie yuh .... she sail she little sailboat right into purgatory cove ; and go up on the rock and drownd . I feel just awful . . ethel oh , dear , dear . be not that tragic ? poor Mrs. mccrea . ° charlie yuh . Count you blessing . Charlie take a biscuit and sit at the table . ethel look at he fondly and sit beside he . . ethel how 's you mother , Charlie ? charlie my mother ? ethel yes . charlie she 's hold she own . ( he sit and roar with laughter ) she fall down , you know , a couple of month ago . ( continued ) eee Fe * eo 49 on golden pond - Rev. 7/23/80 continued : ethel oh . I do not know . charlie yuh , a couple of month ago , right on she rump , when she be out help clean up town common with the lady auxiliary . she be uo== - have a tug -a- war with a dead : juniper bush , and she win , or lose , depend on how you look at it . ( he laugh ) but , if you will pardon the expression , she 's one old lady who really believe in busting she ass for the community . they both roar with laughter . suddenly the door open and norman enter . they stop laugh . ( continued ) 27a 49 49 28 , continued : 49 charlie ( continue ) hi , norman , ethel hello , norman . what be you do back already ? you have barely leave . norman so ? I move fast . I run all the way , pick without stop , and run all the way back . ethel ( go to he ) let I see what you have get . norman I will just dump they in with yours . he start for the sink . ethel grab for the bucket , it tumble to the floor and bounce . ethel you do not get a single strawberry . what 's the matter with you ? norman I must have eat they all , a awkward moment as the three exchange look , norman ( continue ) no mail today , Charlie ? charlie Holy mackinoly ! I leave it on the porch , orman ni how about bring it in ? could you do that ? charlie you bet , he exit . ethel stare at norman . thel E would you like a glass of milk , norman ? ( continued ) 49 50 51 29 , continued : ( 2 ) 49 norman no ! I will get you one . norman follow Charlie into the live room . int . live room - day 50 norman I see you break the screen door , Charlie . charlie oh , well , it 's just miss its little thingamabobber for the hinge . I could bring you a couple from town tomorrow . norman no , just be careful next time . Charlie hand the package and packet of mail to norman , who go back into the kitchen . Charlie follow . int . kitchen 51 norman sit and study the package . ethel set a glass of milk by he . ethel here , norman , drink this . norman thank you , nurse . ethel sit down , Charlie , and finish you coffee . he look uncomfortably at norman , then sit . ethel ( continue ) what have you get there , norman ? norman I have no idea , I can not open it . here , could you bite this , please ? ( continued ) 30 . 51 continued ; 51 he hand it to Charlie , who laugh and pull it open . ethel , ah . it 's you medicine , norman oh , goody , what a swell surprise . ethel ( to Charlie ) it 's nothing serious . just for he palpitation . norman that 's right , Charlie , I have occasional heart throbs . ethel we get a letter from chelsea , norman oh ? he hide in he newspaper . ethel busy herself with fhe letter . a moment pass , Charlie feel slightly leave out . charlie well , how be old chelsea ? norman do not answer . ethel do not look up . ethel mo-omm . norman look at the goddam oriole , Baltimore have always be a sneaky town . ethel norman ! she say she 's come for you birthday . norman really ? how nice . ethel yes . and she 's bring she friend . ( to Charlie ) she have the nicest boyfriend . ( continued ) 51 continued : 31 . ( 2 ) 51 charlie ob , he half laugh . ethel they be come together and then they be go on to Europe for awhile . norman obhh . well , I do not want crowd of people here on my birthday . I do not want crowd of people watch I turn older . ethel oh , pooh . there will be just the three of we . be three a crowd ? norman that 's what they say . charlie that 's right . Three 's a crowd , ( laugh ) what happen to she husband ? ethel wait a minute . it 's not that freddie person . this be 4 different boyfriend altogether ... norman what the hell be go on ? Detroit have disappear . good God ] ethel what be it , norman ? norman Detroit be go . Three week ago they look like a contender , and now this stupid paper have they miss . charlie what happen to she husband ? ethel what do you say , Charlie ? ( continued ) 51 continued : 32 .. ( 3 ) 51 charlie I wonder what happen to chelsea 's husband , ethel he do not work out . ( read ) she say she 's in love . with a dentist . norman oh , really ? do she boyfriend know about this ? ethel that be she boyfriend . her new boyfriend be a dentist , charlie that 's interesting . norman that 's who she 's bring here ? a dentist ? ethel yes . norman oh , God , he will be stare at we tooth all the time . why do she have such a fascination with jewish people ? : ethel who say this one be jewish ? norman he 's a dentist , be not he ? name I one dentist who be not jewish . you brother . norman my brother be decease . name I one live dentist who be not jewish . ethel oh , for Lord 's sake . ( more ) ( continued ) ethel ( cont ' py this particular dentist who 's mo : you birthday Ray , and that do not sound jewish 's norman it would depend on the lase name , I would say , ethel that be he last name . norman his last name be Ray ? ethel yes . Bill Ray . norman Bill Ray . that sound tather flippant . ethel well , shall we ask he not to come ? ll walk of last birthday ethel oh , God . ( she stands ) I think this Medicine should be put away fr , om all this hot air . she carry the Package out of the stare at Charlie kitchen , norman , norman why do not you marry chelsea ? charlie you would not let I , norman oh . you could have married someone else , [ would have allow tc . ( continued ) 33 . 51 on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 34 , 51 continued : ( 5 ) 51 charlie I do not want anyone 1 old will you be ? else ... how * norman when ? * Ie on you birthday . x no : * one hundred three . * charlie miss appley be ninety - seven in May . be not that amazing ? norman yes . charlie she die , you know . norman no. charlie yuh . last Tuesday . we get a call in case any mail come up . norman fhey give you a forward address for ss appley ? Charlie roar at this . ethel enter . ethel what 's so funny ? * norman one of the lesbian expire . which send Charlie into paroxysm of laughter . ethel oh , norman . ( to Charlie ) which one ? charlie miss appley . ethel oh , dear . well , she have a good , full life . -( continued ) 51 52 continued : 35 , ( 6 ) 51 norman Charlie say she be ninety - seven . ethel really ? how wonderful , norman put we all to shame , do not it ? there 's something to be say for a deviant lifestyle . charlie ( stand and laugh ) I always like that old lady , but I sure use to wonder what the heck be go on in there . well , thanks for the coffee , ethel . you still make the best biscuit on the lake . ethel thank you , dear . you must come round when chelsea 's here . charlie oh , yuh . I have not see she ina long time . well ... ethel norman , Charlie 's leave . norman good . ' bye . charlie Goodbye . norman watch out for that screen door . ethel lead Charlie out of the kitchen . ethel he 's such a poop , be not he ? ext . house - day 52 ethel and bank . Charlie walk across the porch and down the ( continued ) 52 53 54 36 . continued : 52 ethel see we loon out there today ? charlie yuh . out by honey Island . they be teach they baby to fly . ethel oh . be not that exciting ? ext . dock - day 53 Charlie climb into he boat . charlie yuh . well , see you next time . he start he motor and pull away . ethel wave , and look out at the lake . she head back to the house . ext . porch ~ day 54 norman . step out with the newspaper folder to the classified . ethel norman , be not that exciting ? Teaching they baby to fly . norman listen to this . ' retired people seek for handbill delivery . some walk involved . ' I should call , I can walk . ethel be that why you come rush back here ? to read that goddam ad ? norman throw down the paper . he glare at ethel . norman do you want to know why I come back so fast ? I get to the end of we lane and I could not remember where the old town road be . I go a little way into the wood and nothing look familiar , not one damn tree . ( more ) ( continued ) bob 's norman ( cont 'd ) and it scared I half to death . so I come run back here to '' you , to see you pretty face , and to feel that I be safe . that I be still I . 54 : continued : he put he face in he hand . ethel be shocked by this , but she rally quickly . she sit by he and rub he back . ethel '' '' ' you be safe , you old poop . and '' you be definitely still you , still pick .on poor Charlie . after - unch , . after we gobble up all the strawberry , we will take ourselves 6. the old town road . we will remember it - all , ; - my darling , we have walk it a thousand thousand time . '' ( she pause , try to find . the right word ) - I listen.to I mister , you be my knight in shine armor and do not you forget 's it . we be go to get right back on - '' ooch .°- that horse . I be go to be right . behind you hold on tight , and away . we be go to go , go , go } * * * * : norman I 'do not . like horse . they look at each other . , . norman ( continue ) : you be a pretty old dame , be not you ? norman ( continue ) what be you do with a dotty old - son of a bitch like I ? a : ethel . thave not the vaguest idea . she hold he close . they stare out at the lake . . 54a-d a series of long dissolves between nature shot indi - 54a -d * cate the passage of time . 55 ext . channel - day 55 , ethel drive the thayer four slowly along the channel -~ while norman sit glumly in the passenger seat . 38 . 56 ext . marina - day 56 ethel draw the boat up to the marina dock , norman hold onto the pier while ethel jump out . ethel do you want to stay and watch the boat while I run up to the store ? norman I think I be qualified to watch the boat . ethel well , come with I if you want . norman no , thank you very much . ethel shrug and turn to sumner todd , a teenage gas station attendant . his friend , also a teenager , loaf nearby . ethel hello , summer . sumner ' Morning , Mrs. thayer . ethel could you fill we up , dear ? sumner oh , sure . ethel norman will help you . sumner look over at norman without enthusiasm as ethel walk quickly up the shore . 57 ext . marina - day 57 norman watch summer closely . he look at the pump and shake he head . norman do you know how much gas cost when I be you age ? twelve cent a gallon . ( continued ) 57 58 39 . continued : 57 sumner ( look at he friend , then at the sky ) be that a fact ? I do not even know they have gas back then . the other boy giggle and sumer smile . norman ( look from one to the other ) what be you , a couple of nitwit ? you think it 's funny be old ? my whole goddam body 's fallin’ apart . sometimes I can not even go to the bathroom when I want to , but I be still a man , let I tell you . I can take on either one of you punk . he step toward they , ready to fight , when ethel be - rive with a bag of grocery . the boy look at she , relieved to be rescue . norman climb quickly into the driver 's seat . he help ethel into the boat . norman ( continue ) I will drive home . ethel be you sure ? norman ( snap ) yes ! if I take a wrong turn and end up in Michigan or somewhere , you be sure and tell I . ethel see no point in argue . she sit and wave at sumner who push they away from the dock . the boy stand openmouthed , watch they go . ext . lake ~- day 58 norman have a look of great intensity in he eye . ethel look nervous . ethel you remember , do not you , to go outside the flag ? ( continued ) 58 continued : _ renised 4 - 14 -30 f° 40 he do not seem to hear . he head for the inside of a buoy that be some distance from the shore . : ethel . ( continue ) norman , you fool . go outside the flag ! . we see rock jutting up between the flag and land . the boat be racing toward they - . : ethel | ( continue ; scared now ) nexman , .turn the boat ! ook stubborn . ' he bear . down on th ock , coe '' and only at . the last minute do he turn the boat and travel , alongside they . his face show nothing as he now speed to sthe outside of the flag . ethel look more than a little undone . s8a-d a series of long dissolves between nature . shot indi - s8a-d * cate the passage of time . not 59 - int . live room - dusk 88 ethel be bustling about , excited , wear she usual grubby . she hang a sign which read , " happy birthday , . norman . " on the wall - across from it be one say , " welcome Home , chelsea . " 60 int . bedroom - dusk ee 60 norman be stand at the mirror try he tie . he scowl at he reflection and pull at he collar , which seem oddly large for he . we hear the loons call . 61 ° ext . porch -- dusk_ ° 62 ethel rush to the door and push it . down it fall . ethel oh , norman , for God 's sake . she step out , close the big door , and move the screen door . she rush down to the dock . 62 ext . dock - dusk 62 ethel stand at the end , in the golden glow of sunset . ( continued ) 62 63 64 on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 41 . continued : . 62 ethel yoo-hooo , loo-con ! looony loo-oon ! yoo-hooo ! the loons answer . ethel be delighted . ext . widow' watch - dusk 63 norman be stand on the balcony look down at ethel , amused . norman I do not think you should do that in front of chelsea 's companion . ethel oh , pooh , I be just talk to my friend . my , my , look at you . you have on a tie . norman yes , I know . I put it there . do I look all right ? I have not overdress , have I ? ethel you look sexy ! I be go to have to do some pretty fast maneuver to catch up with you . norman I have other tie . you could come as miss appley . ethel thanks a lot . she go inside . int . live room - evening 64 norman come down the stair . norman ' welcome Home , chelsea . ' I see my birthday be not cause enough for a celebration . ( continued ) 42. 64 continued : 64 ~ ethel oh , stop . I just want we little girl to feel welcome , that 's ail . ( recheck he tie at the hallway mirror ) uh-huh . ethel | - would not it be nice if we could all get along this time . norman uh-huh . where the hell be they ? I be get older by the minute . ethel they say they will be here when they get here . | norman be that what they say ? that 's a ~~ hell of a attitude . no wonder we have no grandchild . ethel what would we do with grandchild ? ' norman toss they on we knee , we be the : last of the thayers , you know . : end of the line for a dam good name . ethel well , we will take it out in style . they attention be catch by the SOUND of a car . we see headlight through the window . norman and ethel look at each other . ethel ( continue ) oh , nol they're bere ! and I and not dress . I look like a old character . norman oo well , run upstairs and change if it make you feel better . ( continued ) 64 65 66 on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 43 , continued : ( 2 ) 64 ethel will you be nice to they ? norman sure . I will explain to they the risk involved in arrive late for a old man 's birthday party . we hear a voice calling . chelsea ( 0.s. ) hey ! anybody home ? ethel too late ! ethel open the back door and rush out . ext . house - evening 65 chelsea thayer wayne step toward the house . she be forty - two , attractive , restless , with norman 's humor , she grin at ethel . behind she a car be turn around in the grow darkness . chelsea heeeey . ethel ( step to she ) hey yourself . after the briefest pause they embrace , chelsea mommy . ethel dear little girl ... chelsea . chelsea look to the house . we see norman at the screen door peer out . chelsea walk up the step and inside . ethel follow . int . live room - evening 66 chelsea smile at norman , then step to he and hug hir awkwardly . he be embarrassed , surprised . he try to respond . chelsea step back . chelsea hello , norman . happy birthday . ( continued ) 44 . 66 continued : 66 norman look at you . look at this little fat girl , ethel . chelsea , who be not fat , look quickly at she body . ethel oh , stop it . you be thin as a rail . be not she , norman ? norman oh , sure . a moment of adjustment . ethel jump in . ethel dear chelsea . I be so glad you be home . chelsea I think we would never get here . we rent a car that explode every forty mile . norman you rent a car ? chelsea - yes. in Boston . norman huh . what sort of car be it ? chelsea oh . I do not know . Red , I think . ethel ooh ! a red car ! norman no . I mean -- what sort of make be it ? chelsea um . I do not know . ethel she do not know , dear . it dee not matter . ( continued ) 66 45 .. continued : ( 2 ) norman of course it do not matter . I be just curious , chelsea well , I should have look , I guess , it 's um , very ugly , and it break down a lot . norman Ugly and it break down a lot . that sound like a nash . a awkward moment . chelsea yeah . well ... she look about , smile at she " welcome Home " sign . ethel ( step in ) where 's you friend ? you do bring you friend , do not you ? chelsea I know I be forget something . she step to the door . norman that 's still on then ? chelsea as far as I know . ( she call out ) come on in , no one 's go to bite you . mommy and norman , this be billy Ray . in walk billy ray , thirteen and sassy and full of life , a bit shy and defensive , lousy posture . he smile . billy how ya doin ' ? he grab norman 's hand , norman stare at he , shocked at first . ethel love it . ( continued ) 66 66 continued : she exit . norman be 46 . ( 3 ) 66 norman you seem awfully young to be a dentist . chelsea this be billy Ray , Jr. norman oh. I be norman thayer , Jr. where 's .. ,?2 chelsea his father be out try to park the car . ethel ( take billy 's hand ) well , what a great surprise . you can call I ethel , billy , and you can call norman norman . chelsea I like you logic , mommy . I be go the to see if Bill 's drive into ethel step to the door to watch . ethel it 's so dark outside . it never use to be this dark . stare down poor billy . billy I hear you turn eighty today . norman be that what you hear ? billy yeah . that 's really old . norman oh ? you should meet my father . billy you father 's still alive ? norman no , but you should meet he . ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 8/8/80 supercede prev. White pgs . 66 continued : ethel step ( 4 ) to they . ethel be not this fun ? norman , why do not we put billy in chelsea 's old room and then he can look out at the lake in the morning . norman why do not we put he out on the float and he can look at the lake all night long . billy I would like that . ethel I be afraid you would be eat alive by all the bug . norman so ? ethel norman , take he up and we will show he where everything be . norman come on , boy , grab you bag . norman scowl at ethel , but lead billy upstairs . ethel turn billy I just have a birthday , too , I turn thirteen two week ago . norman oh ? we be practically twin . as chelsea enter . chelsea he will be right here . he think he have to lock the car . ethel ~ I be so glad you be here . chelsea norman look very old . ethel well ... I do not know . ( continued ) 47-48 66 * -~ on golden pond - rev.8/8/80 supercede prev. White pgs. 49 , 66 66 continued : ( 5 ) 66 chelsea ( quickly ) you look great though . ethel thank you . so do you . I love you hair like that . chelsea ( surprised , she touch she hair ) you do ? um. how 's he mind ? be he remember thing any better ? norman have appear on the landing . he stop when he hear this . . ethel oh , he 's all right . norman come on , billy , I will show you the bathroom , if I can remember where it be . he disappear again . chelsea look at ethel and smile . Bill enter chelsea he have not change too much , have he ? ethel nope . still impossible . it mean ' so much to he to have you here . chelsea yeah . great . now he 's get someone to pick on . ethel oh , stop . thank you for come . chelsea . thank you for invite I . carry a load of suitcase . 66 chelsea look at you . you make it . this be my mother . mommy , Bill Ray . ethel how do you do ? ( continued ) on golden pond - 66 . continued : billy come follow . he look up + Rev. 8/8/80 supercede prev. White pgs. 50 . ( 6 ) 66 bill hi . I think I see a bear . ethel oh , you would not have see 4 bear out here this time of year . there be a lot of very nasty moth fly around , though . bill this be kind of big for a moth . chelsea if you want a real scare you have get to meet my father . crash down the stair . norman billy dad , they do have indoor plumbing . bill oh. good. billy chelsea be just bullshit we . bill billy ! chelsea ( to ethel ) I always try to paint a rustic picture of life on Golden Pond . ethel oh , it 's rustic all right . bill it 's lovely though . Lovely rusticity . as norman approach . norman we have be pee indoors for forty year . bill you must be norman . norman yes , I must be . who be you ? ( continued ) - _ on golden pond - Rev. 8/8/80 supercede prev. White pgs. 51 .* 66 continued : ( 7 ) 66 bill Bill Ray . norman Bill Ray ? the dentist ? bill yes . norman want to see my tooth ? he bare they . ethel norman ! bill ( undaunted ) I just want to tell you , sir , how glad I be to be here . chelsea 's tell we so much about you and you wife and you wonderful house on the lake , and I be very pleased she 's bring we here . this fine sentiment be greet by a typical norman silence , which make Bill feel like a bigger fool than he should . norman . : I be frankly surprised chelsea could find the way . ethel she 's here now , norman , that 's the important thing . norman do you visit you folk , young man ? bill no . my parent have both pass away . norman I see . then you have a good excuse , do not you ? ethel ( sweetly ) norman ... ( continued ) on golden pond - rev- 8/8/80 supercede prev. White pgs. 51a.-52 * * 66 continued : ( 8 ) 66 chelsea norman . please ... norman what ? be I not allow to speak to we guest ? be that it ? ( to Bill ) they be afraid I be go to embarrass they . chelsea . well . I be go down and say hello to the lake . anyone like to come ? billy me. I have never see anyone say uv hello to a lake . chelsea then this will be a valuable experience for you , wise guy . it 's always my firstorder of business when I get to Golden Pond . come , mommy ? ethel . yes . want to take the boat ? billy all right ! chelsea let 's go , Bill . bill where ? outside ? chelsea . that 's where the lake be . come , norman ? norman - no . I think I will just sit here and enjoy the quiet . bill ( quickly ) I will stay , too . norman with Bill . ( continued ) on golden pond ~- Rev. 8/8/80 supercede prev- White pgs. 53 . 66 continued : ( 9 ) 66 chelsea and ethel exchange a glance . chelsea shrug ( '' ~~ and open the door . chelsea the screen door 's fall down . ethel really ? noxman will fix it . norman make a face . billy follow the woman outside . leave norman stare at Bill , who feel more than a little uncomfortable . bill I love you house . norman . thank you . it 's not for sale . bill oh , no , I be not think about buy it , I just like it . it have a charming ambience . a word he clearly like use . vant norman look at he , less than impressed . Bill try '' again . bill ( continue ) how do it feel to turn eighty ? norman nscowl at he ) it feel twice as bad as it do turn forty . . bill well , I know what that 's like . I turn forty five year ago . I be forty - five now .... ( pause ) ... norman . norman yes ? bill | May I call you norman ? norman I believe you just do . ~~ ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 8/8/80 supercede prev. White pgs. 66 continued : 54-55 . ( 10 ) 66 bill I do not want to press . what shall I call you wife ? norman how about ethel ? that 's she name . ethel thayer . thounth like I be lithping , doeth not it ? ethel thayer . that almost keep she from marrying I . she want I to change my last name to hers . bill what be that ? norman . I do not remember . ethel 's all you need to know . that 's the name she go by . bill I never know . chelsea always call she mommy . norman there 's a reason for that . bill but she call you norman . norman there 's a reason for that , too . I be she father , but not she daddy . ethel be she mommy , and I be norman . bill oh . the conversation screech to a halt . norman stand . he step to norman I think I '11 start a new book . see iff I can finish it before I be finish myself . the shelf . norman ocontinue ) maybe a novelette . maybe some - thing out of reader ' digest abridge . here 's treasure Island . ever read it ? ( continued ) 66 continued : done ( 11 ) 66 bill yes , it 's great . I would recommend it . norman no need for that . I have read it , too . but my mind be go so it will all be new to I . have that son of yours read this book ? bill I ... do not think so . norman you son have not read treasure Island ? . / bill no . but I intend to have he read it . his mother 's be the real force in he life lately and now I be try to ... eradicate some of the ... dishevelment . he look to norman to see what sort of impression he 's register . none apparently . norman have settle down and be read he book . ( continued ) a wi gua ia D ee 7 continued : ( 12 ) bill ( continue ) yeah , thing be come together pretty nicely for I now , and I be feel very good about myself . meeting chelsea be a major ... thing . we have a very kinetic relationship , very positive . I and sure you would be pleased . norman look up from he book . norman what do you charge for a fill ? bill huh ? norman you be a dentist , be not you ? what do you charge for a fill ? bill : um. forty dollar , generally . norman forty dollar ! good God . he return to he book . bill um. norman ... ( quickly ) we would like to sleep together if it 's all right with you . norman what do you mean ? bill we would like to sleep together , in the same room , in the same bed , if you do not find that offensive . norman all three of you ? bill oh , no ! just two . norman you and billy ? 56 . 66 * ( continued ) on golden pond ~ Rev. 8/8/80 supercede prev. White pgs. 57 . 66 continued : ( 13 ) 66 *. bill no. norman not chelsea and billy ? bill no. norman that leave just chelsea and you then . bill he can not that 's right . - norman why would I find that offensive ? you be not plan on do something unusual , be you ? bill no. just ... ~ go on . norman . that do not seem too offensive . as long as you be quiet . bill thank you . norman chelsea always sleep in the same bed with she husband . bill yes , I be sure . norman . and ethel and I do , you know . we sleep together . be do it for year . ( he think about it ) I guess I would be delighted to have you abuse my daughter under my own room . bill norman . ( continued ) y on golden pond - Rev. 0/8/80 supercede prev. White pgs. 66 continued : he pause , listen 58 . a 4 ) 66 * norman would you like the room where I first violate she mother , or would you be interested in the master bedroom ? bill um ... norman ethel and you son and I could all sleep out back and you could do it right here on the hearth . like that idea ? bill . ( have hear enough ) you be have a good time , be not you ? norman hommm ? bill chelsea tell I all about you , about how you like to have a good old time with people 's head . she do it , too , sometimes , and sometimes I can get into it , sometimes not . I just want you to know I be very good at recognize erap when I hear it . you know , it 's not imperative that you and I be friend , but it might be nice . I be sure you be a fascinating person , and I be sure it would be fascinating to get to know you . that 's obviously not a easy task . but , it 's all right , you go ahead and be as poopy as you want , to quote chelsea , and I will be as receptive and pleasant as I can . I just want you to bear in mind while you be jerk I around and I be feel like a real asshole that I know precisely what you be up to and that I can take only so much of it . okay ? good . wait for a reaction . norman have be very intently . ( continued ) on golden pond ~ Rev. 8/8/80 supercede prev. White pgs. 59 . 66 continued : ( 15 ) 66 * bill ( continue ) now , what 's the bottom line on the illicit sex question ? _ norman very good . that be a good speech . bottom line , huh ? you be a bottom - line man . all right . here 's the bottom line : oh-kay . bill huh ? norman you seem like a nice man . a bit verbose perhaps , but nice . bill thank you . norman and you be right about I . I be fascinating . bill I be sure you be . norman tell I something . what go on in a kinetic relationship exactly ? other than what we have just discuss . bill oh , the usual . we play tennis , go out dance , we talk to each other . norman I have never take ethel dance . . I have always feel badly about that . I think she would have like it , she 's the type , you know . bill it 's not too late . norman that 's what you think . my mind and my body be have a great race to see who can poop out first . I would put my money on the body , but you never know ... ( more ) ( continued ) ~~ '' on golden pond - Rev. 8/8/80 supercede prev. White pgs. 60 . continued : ( 16 ) 66 * norman ( cont 'd ) here , now , I do not mean to weight down we conversation . let 's go pack toe talk about sex . anything you want to know , just ask I . bill well , I do want to make sure I have this little matter clear . chelsea and I can sleep together , right ? norman sure . please do . just do not let ethel catch you . now Bill be right back to be confuse . billy bound in billy dad ! I paddle a canoe . it 's a boat just like the Indians have . norman actually the Indians use a different grade of aluminum . billy chelsea want you to come down , dad . she and ethel be go skinny - dip . bill skinny -dip ? norman go ahead . permissiveness run rampant here on Golden Pond . Bill head for the door , stop . bill _ oh ... be there any bear around this part . norman oh , sure . Black bear and grizzly . one come along here last month and eat a old lesbian . Bill look a bit horrify . ( continued ) - on golden pond —- Rev. 8/8/80 supercede prev. White pgs. 66 continued : ( 17 ) billy come on , dad , he 's bullshit you . with little confidence Bill step out . 67 omitted through 74 75 ext . house - night Bill tiptoe along the porch , down into the darkness . he 's convinced there 's a bear behind every tree . suddenly he notice billy beside he . bill where do you think you be go ? billy ( grin ) skinny -dip with chelsea . bill oh no , you be not . you be go back in the house and talk to Mr. thayer . billy . bullshit ! I be not goin ' in there with that old turkey . he give I the creep . what if he die . bill ( grab he ) listen , buster , you behave yourself . do you understand ? or I be go to . send you right back to you mother . be that what you want ?... be it ? billy stand silent . bill ( continue ) now go on inside and talk to he , maybe you will learn something . 6l. 66 * 67 through 74 75 billy turn and walk back to the house . and Bill move toward the lake . he stop when he hear the SOUND of ethel and chelsea skinny -dipping . not quite ready to confront they nudity , he settles nervously in a lawn chair. on 76 a ' | 77 r~ on golden pond - rev , 6/10/80 ext . lake - night ethel and chelsea be indeed skinny - dip . they head bob on the water . chelsea remember when I be about nine and I come down and catch you and norman skinny - dip . ethel no , I do not think I remember that . chelsea I have that big flashlight and I shine it on norman when he be stand on the diving board all naked , then he start scream at I that I be a spy and he send I to my room for the rest of the year or something . it take I a long time to get over that . ethel it take norman a long time before he would go skinny - dip again . I remember . he would not get out of the water until I go up and make sure you be asleep . I be so mad at he for yell at you , I let he float down here for a hour or so , chelsea good , she and ethel look at each other and laugh . int , live room - night norman be watch billy who be pretend to be interested in the fish pole . a moment pass . billy you go skinny - dip ? norman nope , you ? billy naw , I try to be selective about who I flash in front of . 62 . 76 77 ( continued ) 77 on golden pond ~ rev , 6/10/80 62a . continued : billy and 77 norman ( not follow ) oh. . billy chelsea say you be a real heavy - duty fisherman . she call you the old man of the sea . norman ah . I have catch a few . you fish ? billy Nah . norman want to go sometime ? billy I do not know ... norman well ... we will see . what do you think of you father ? billy he 's not bad ... norman stare at each other a moment . . norman why do you stand with you shoulder all bent like that ? ( continued ) 77 63 , continued : 77 billy I have a lot on my mind . norman I see , what do you do out there in California ? I mean , what do one do for recreation when one be thirteen and not in school ? billy Cruise chick . norman hmmm ? billy meet them . Girls . try to pick they up . norman and what do you do with they when you have they ? billy suck face . norman I beg you pardon ? billy you know -- kiss . suck face -- kiss . norman oh . he look from billy to the book , which he still hold . norman ( continue ) have you ever read this book , treasure Island ? billy no . norman go read it . billy now ? ( continued ) ue guevow funu — Rev. 7/14/80 64 . 77 continued : ( 2 ) - oo 77 . a bo norman Le go on . read the first chapter and — * : give I a report on it in the morning . billy I think we be go to have a - 7 party . norman ' 11 call you when the party 's ' underway , if it ever be . go on . ook . at - norman ' sideways . 's authority fhat - billy respond to . favorably + louse - night Bill : be '' still seat on the lawn chair . ethel step the 1 . _ bank , dress ina a robe . 2 ethel hey . : bill oo , ( startle ) ms 7 acch ! ethel . come on down , dear . chelsea 's . still : - in the water . no one should ever oo ' skinny ~ dip alone . she lead - he toward the dock . he stop , scared . 7 bill what 's that ? ethel that 's a lawn chair . come on . 79 int : live room - night so - 99 norman look ‘up casually as ethel enter . ethel - well , we have get Bill in the swim of thing . norman I think you would be nude . + * ao ( continued ) on golden pond = Rev. 7/14/80 . 64a.° o~ 79 continued : = ee 49 : - ethel * nope. sorry . I do not want to * overwhelm we guest on he first * - night . he 's nice be not he ? - * norman forty dollar a fill . ethel '' ~ : he a@ be quite a veatch would not .* he ? . * '' norman oe he say they want to sleep to - ri. '' a gether . et . wey * ao -- S ethel - yee why not ? they be big people . . no oe : '' norman bo oe _- yes . : . a * ee ethel so cs oat you and I do do not we ? ee 1 " norman 7 : * . . . * ' ethel have you be pick on he ? | ( continued ) 65 , 79 continued : 79 norman yes . he find I fascinating . ethel I be sure . she sit on the arm of he chair , ( conti : mag continu : 3 proceedin ; carefully , norman . norman , chelsea want we to do something . for she , she want to leave billy with we for a month . norman which billy ? ethel tsk . the little one , billy . Bill be suppose to have he for the summer and he would be miserable in Europe . Bill seem very nice , and chelsea need someone nice . could not we do that for she ? norman what would we do with the boy ? what would I say to he ? ethel you would think of something . let 's do it . let 's say we will do it and give chelsea some happiness . norman look fully prepare to say no , but he nod . norman all right . ethel you be such a poop . we be go to have a splendid time , the three of we , be not we ? norman I do not know . we might , ethel you really be the sweetest man in the world . and I be the only one who know . 80 81 82 66 , int . live room - closeup - cake with candle 80 widen as ethel carry a beautiful candle - cover cake to the table . ethel , chelsea , billy and Bill sing to norman ; ethel , billy , chelsea and bill happy birthday , dear norman , happy birthday to you . norman hate it , but he 's pleased , he rise , take a deep breath and blow out the candle , everyone applaud . norman in I suppose you expect I to sing something now . well , I be not about to . I have be try all day to draw some profound conclusion about live four score year . and I have not think of anything . I be surprised I get here so fast . ( he_look at ethel ) but I be glad I get to spend so much time with this beautiful woman . what 's you name again ? he smile as ethel shake she head . he turn to the other . norman ( continue ) and I certainly want to thank all of you people for come all the way here from disneyland to witness this historic event . ext , thayer dock - day 81 Bill stand in he designer jeans and lacoste shirt and adida , proudly watch chelsea backstroke smoothly toward the float . Charlie 's boat appear . ext . float - day 82 chelsea climb onto the float and wave as Charlie pull alongside . they look at each other for a moment . charlie well , Holy mackinoly , look at you . chelsea mackinelsea . ( continued ) 82 on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 67 , continued : 82 chelsea Charlie mackinarlie . charlte ( laugh ) Boy , it 's good to see you . you have hold up good , chelsea thanks . so have you . she turn to Bill and shout . chelsea ( continue ) Bill , this be my old friend , Charlie , the mailman . . bill hi , there . charlie hullo . Charlie reach he hand to chelsea . charlie ( continue ) want a ride ? . chelsea smile and step into the boat . they move slowly toward the dock . bill ( smile ) so , you actually deliver the mail by boat . what a incredible tradition . chelsea Charlie be a legend on this lake . he get the mail through no matter what . be not that right , Charlie ? charlie yuh , I guess so . bill ( gaze out at the lake ) it must be a bitch in the winter . ( continued ) 82 83 on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 68 , '' continued : ( 2 ) 82 now Charlie laugh and bring the boat to a smooth stop by the dock . charlie oh , yuh , in the winter I have a hell of a time , of course there 's nobody on the lake to deliver to so I get do a lot faster . Bill put a foot up on Charlie 's boat . bill you have get a great setup here . well , you be a lucky man . he help chelsea from the boat . charlie ( look at chelsea ) you be a lucky man , too , bill yes , I guess I be , the bow of the boat ig now drift from the dock . Bill find himself be stretch . bill ( continue ) um . what do you do at a time like this ? charlie I generally just fall into the lake . bill oh , yes . and he do . Charlie and chelsea laugh . chelsea pull Bill to she and kiss he . Charlie watch , interested . int . live room - night 83 norman , ethel , Bill and billy be play parcheesi . chelsea sit across the room scan the newspaper . Bill roll the dice . bill two three . what do that mean ? ( continued ) 83 on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 69 . continued : norman ( patronize ) it mean double . which always give you 14 , you see . bill oh. okay . . ( he move ) 7 , 12 , 13 , 14 . right ? I seem to have land where you be . what do that mean ? norman it mean you send I home and you get 20 more , for God 's sake . billy all right , dadder ! bill that 's good , huh ? ethel excellent . you be a natural . norman I be start to regret teach you this game . bill hey , chel , I be a parcheesi pro . chelsea nod . norman chelsea have never like play game . we do not know why . probably she do not like lose . chelsea I tend to panic when the competition be too intense . norman and what be that suppose to mean ? chelsea nothing . : ethel ( try to keep it light ) we play serious parcheesi around here . I let norman win every week or so to keep up he spirit . norman ha , ha , ha . ( continued ) 83 on golden pond - Rev. 8/8/80 supercede prev- White pgs. 70 . 8 83 continued : ( 2 ) 3 chelsea {her goat get , she challenge norman ) what I want to know be why do you like play game ? norman what ? chelsea you seem to like beat people . I just wonder why . norman and chelsea glare at each other , until he at last turn and smile at Bill . norman you get another chance , Bill . you get another roll of the dice . 84 omitted 84 through through 87a 87a 88 ext . gazebo - dawn 88 mist hover over the lake in the early morning light . chelsea sit wrap in a blanket , stare at the lake . ethel step down the bank in she robe , two cup of coffee in she hand . she watch a moment . ethel have fun ? that 's why you come to camp -- to have fun . ( continued ) 88 continued : 7 . 88 chelsea try to smile . she look ethel ( continue ) what 's the matter with you ? chelsea nothing . at the lake ; a moment pass . chelsea ( continue ) I do not think I have ever grow up on Golden Pond . do you understand ? ethel cery to ) I do not think so . chelsea it do n*t matter . I act like a big person everywhere else . I be in charge of Los Angeles ; but I come back here and I feel like a little fat girl . ethel it 's only because you father say that . chelsea my father be a goddam bastard ... poop ! ethel ( automatic reflex ) watch you language , young lady . chelsea be you go to make I wash my mouth . out with soap ? that be a rather bizarre custom . do you know that I have spend my whole life anewer to norman ? even when I be 3,000 mile away and never see he , z,sttit find myself answer to ( really mad now , she shout ) norman be a goddam poop ! ( continued ) 88 89 on golden pond - Rev. 6/10/80 72. continued : ( 2 ) 83 ethel oh , for Lord 's sake . here we go again . you have a miserable childhood . you father be overbearing , you mother ignore you . what else be new ? you have this umpleasant chip on you shoulder which be very unattractive . you stay away for year at a time . you only come home when I beg you to and then all you can do ts be disagreeable about the past . what be the point ? do not you think everyone look back on he childhood with some bitterness or regret about something ? it do not have to ruin you life . you be a big girl now , be not you tired of ___ . _ it all ?... life march by , chelsea . I suggest you get on with it . ethel turn and march up the bank , leave chelsea to sit alone , stare at the lake . ext . house - day 89 Bill be set the suitcase into the trimk . norman , ethel and billy and chelsea stand nearby . ethel . have a wonderful time . and do not worry . billy will take good care of we . chelsea okay . : norman do not go get involved with any foreigner . chelsea - right. bill ( to billy ) you gomna be all right ? billy oh sure . ( continued ) a9 on golden continued : pond - rev , 6/10/80 724 , 89 billy chugge billy ) behave yourself . billy okay . you guy behave , too . chelsea okay . ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 8/21/80 89 continued she kiss billy . bill ' bye norman . work on you parchisi game . norman ha , ha , ha . chelsea good luck , everybody . the car drive down the lane , everyone wave . turn to norman and ethel . billy . I just want you guy to know I be not about to take any crap from you . he head for the lake . norman look at ethel . 90 ext . lake - day , 73. 89 billy 90 billy pick up a pine cone and toss it at a tree . ethel survey the situation and opt for something decisive . ethel all right , gentleman . it 's a beautiful day . we be go fishing . : norman what ? do what ? ethel fishing , dear . you remember - fishing . come on , you can . show billy what life be all about on Golden Pond . come on , billy . billy bull --- shit . '' ethel ( stop ) do that mean you can not wait to get out there or it 's not you cup of tea ? billy it 's bullshit . that 's all . I will do what I want to do when I want to do it . okay ? * +e ee * ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 8/21/80 74 . 90 continued : 90 ; ethel C . ( nodd ) come on , norman . let 's get ready . she march up the step and into the house . norman follow . he stop . norman you like that word , do not you ? bullshit . . cee billy - yeah . aii : 5 norman ( think about it ) it 's a good word . oo he continue into the house . $ 1 int . master bedroom - day 91 norman be make a great production out of don he * old fishing vest , examine himself in the mirror . * ethel have change she clothes and sit at she vanity , * put on she hat . in she mirror she see billy come : ~~ up the stair . : ethel ( whisper ) okay , grandpa . do you stuff . noxman look from ethel to the doorway as billy appear . . norman . pretty slick , huh ? billy shrug . norman reach into the closet , pull out * another smaller fishing vest and throw it on the bed . * norman ( continue ) look at this . this 'was chelsea 's * when she be about - you age . she * catch some pretty respectable * fish wear this . billy I be surprised you keep it if it 's * chelsea 's . since you obviously * do not like she . an ( more ) ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 8/21/80 7aar-75 . 91 92 continued : billy ( continue ) hey , you know , uh , I might not stick around here . I might just haul my ass out to Wyoming or Puerto Rico or one of that place . norman and ethel share a look . billy ae ( continue ) . - listen , I mean , i. know I be just be dumped here , which be like my middle name . you turkey do not want I . ' . norman bullshit . ( pause ) I be 67 year older than you . how do you know what I want . . billy well ... you do not say . if you do not say , how 's anybody suppose to know anything ? norman stare at he a moment , he feeling hit . norman okay . we be go fishing now . we want you to go along . if you want to come with we , I suggest you get you " ass down to the dock in two minute . -.: okay , Mrs. Turkey , let 's go . ethel take he arm and they walk out of the room . ext . dock - day ethel be sit in the boat . norman stand hold it . he look up at the house , wait . he nod when billy come saunter down , wear chelsea 's fishing vest , and carry one of norman 's hat . billy . I think I just might sort of come along and see what this bullshit be all about . billy climb in and norman start the motor . ethel turn to billy . ( continued ) 92 * * 92 on golden pond - Rev. 8/21/80 92 continued : . ethel you look very handsome in that vest . . billy be embarrassed , but pleased . he pull the hat down over he eye , play it cool . billy how fast do this old tub go ace anyway ? norman scowl at he , then revs the engine . the thayer - four zoom away , send billy sprawling . he grin . . billy ( continue ) all right ! 93 omitted through 96 97 ext . lake - day norman , billy , ethel in the thayer -four . norman have he fishing gear spread before he . billy hold a pole , look almost interested . norman hand billy a worm . ethel hold . a parasol and book and try to be interested . . . norman all right . hold this . billy take it , not without some trepidation . ( continued ) tsa~77a . - 92 93 through 96 97 93 94 95 96 on golden pond - rev , 6/10/80 76 . int . church - day 93 a little rustic place , a small crowd of worshipper . the minister be hold forth from he pulpit . minister as it be in the beginning , be now and ever shall be , world without end , amen . on the congregation 94 a conglomeration of people , in various outfit . ethel look appropriately serene , norman and billy propor - tionately less so . minister ( 0.s. ) it 's a pleasure to see some new face among the old face . I be glad some of you still know the way over here . ly . billy smile . the Minister turn to miss dai who be a lovely older lady . she stand and begin warbling . the Minister listen rapturously . ethel look at norman meaningfully . he cringe siight - another angle - congregation - billy q5 would love to giggle . it 's a challenge to sit through . he catch norman 's eye . norman scowl at he , then begin to giggle himself . this get billy go . ethel see what 's go on . she smile herself , then elbow norman , who elbow billy , ext , church 96 the congregation straggle out . norman and ethel pause at the doorway to speak to the Minister . billy wander into the yard and begin chuck stone at a tree . minister another summer for the thayers . first time we have see you this year . - norman well , ethel have not be feel very well . minister oh , I be sorry . ( continued ) 96 97 on golden pond - rev , 6/10/80 77 . continued : 96 he look compassionately at ethel , who look threaten - ingly at norman . minister ( continue ) we all slow down , it 's the Lord 's way , I guess , you have both have a good full life , God know . norman half - smile at he . minister ( continue ) May I invite you to we little reception at the parsonage ? norman nope . you see that kid over there , reverend ? he belong to my daughter 's lover , and we be go to teach he the fact of ife this afternoon . minister ( concerned at best ) oh ? ethel what norman mean be that we be take the boy fishing . be not that right , norman ? norman look angelic . norman yep . we be go to take the Little turkey out and show he something about fishing . minister ( relieved , and impressed ) oh. well . God bless you . norman thank you . ext . lake - day 97 norman , billy , ethel in the thayer four , ( continued ) 97 on golden pond - rev , 6/10/80 . tta . continued : 97 norman have he fishing gear spread before he , billy hold a pole , look almost interested , norman hand billy a worm , ethel hold a parasol and book and try to be interested , norman all right , hold this , billy take it , not without some trepidation , ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 78 , 97 continued : 97 norman ( continue ) that 's a worm . billy I guess I know that . norman good , just do not tell the fish . as far as they be concerned that 's filet mignon . now . put it on you hook . billy think about it , then drape the worm over the curve of the hook . norman ( continue ) this be not go to be easy . here 's what you do . you start with the worm 's head . you can tell this be the head because he 's smile at Zou see ? and you slowly stick the ook into the guy 's neck and work it up through the body . billy watch , horrify . billy Gross I out . 98 ext . lake ~ day 98 norman be busily concentrate on he fishing . billy watch he and mimic he demeanor . he sit perfect - ly still and scowl at the water . ethel roll she eye impatiently . norman glare at she incredulously . suddenly billy 's pole be bent . billy norman ! what 's go on ! norman you have get a bite . ethel ooh ! a bite ! how wonderful ! ( continued ) 98 on golden pond - Rev. 6/10/80 79 . continued : . / 98 billy what do you mean ? norman a fish be bite you worm . billy no shit . here . he pass the pole to norman , who pass it back to he . norman bring it in . the fish ! bring it in ! billy panic . he set down the pole and begin pull in the line , hand over hand . norman ( continue ) with the reel , for God 's sake ! now billy reel in . billy this be San frantastic . he crank like mad and at last bring out of the water a small but mighty sunfish . billy ( continue ) . hey , wow . look at that . I catch that . me. I catch a fish . can you believe it ? ethel it 's wonderful , billy . congratulation . norman ( unimpress ) it 's only a sunfish . billy only a sunfish ! this be a beautiful fish , man . look at it . he swing the fish through the air , and hit norman 's face , a move which go unappreciate . norman grab the fish , unhook if and throw it back into the lake . billy be horrify . ( continued ) of -° on golden pond - Rev. 7/14/80 . . 80 . 98 continued : ( 2 ) .. a 7 88 . oe '' billy 's what be you doin’ , man ? norman I do not allow sunfish in my home . ~ we be look for trout , boy . x billy look stricken . : oe bthel.. eet : oh , wen , do not . worry ' about it , ‘@@ar , ' there be plenty more where . that ' one come from . be not there , . , '' how . the hell would I know ? : think we should go in ! moe ethel | yy norman ... % 882 oman " : ( firmly ) '' we 1l go in . now ! he start reeling in . billy look a bit hurt . ee ethel well , there will be plenty of other chance to go fishing , will not there , norman . ? . norman . . 98a * Fish .are break the surface of the lake in early * morning feed . . * 99 ext . house day . ( early morning ) . 99 norman . trudge down to the dock where he ! 's surprised ' to find billy wait with the boat ready . billy let 's go , Captain Turkey . look out , fish , here we come ! norman . shhh . you will wake up the old lady . but billy gesture with he head and we see ethel walk down the bank carry she sewing basket and she old doll . ( continued ) 99 100 lol on golden pond - Rev. 6/10/80 81 . continued : 99 norman ( continue ) oh , well . look at you . you be not come with we , be you ? ethel no , you do not have to worry . you two go on and have a good fine , and do not be mean to the ish . norman all right . Goodbye , woman . norman start the engine and the boat speed away from the back . '' omitted ~~ 100 ext . dock - day ( morning ) 101 ethel sit with elmer . she watch the boat move in the distance through - she binocular , then begin sewing the doll . ethel Weil , elmer , look like we have be desert , ( she pause , look at the doll wistfully ) remember how we use to sit down here and wait for dad and watch the fishing boat from Golden Pond Hotel , and they would ring the bell the call they in for supper . all go , elmer , that time be all one ... they say the lake be die , ut I do not believe it ... remember how IL use to sit you down here on the dock , elmer , when I would head off to Camp koochakiyi , when I be a little girl ? and I would wave goodbye , and you always wave back , do not you , elmer ? ( she sing ) I can see the bird Way up in the sky from my tent on the bank of the lake at Camp koochakiyi , Camp koochakiyi . ( more ) ( continued ) | qm golden pond - Rev. 7/14/80 a2 . . 101 ° continued : my 101 ( . oo , . ethel ( cont 'd ) - ( she think about it ) what a terrible song . 102 ext . lake - day . 02 : billy and norman sit silently fishing . norman ' stare at the boy , ( think hard ; cs norman can I trust you to keep a secret ? vie oo - billy yeah . oo . - : : EB : norman , > ~~ ' tf I take you to a certain place fl on this Lake where the trout be * . - humungus , will you promise not — : to tell anybody ? billy who be I gonna tell ? : norman , promise ? . eo . billy 2 . ) qkay . I promise . no bullshit . . norman . all vight , . pull up the anchor , norman be very serious about this . he set down he gear and start the boat . : 103 ext . lake - day : 103 the thayer four cruise along a desert stretch of lake , swing in a circle , then stop . norman look - about to ensure that no one have follow they . billy r~ look about , too , skepticel , ( continued ) 83. 103 . continued '' 103 a . lo belly '' this be it ? . — _ norman | this be it . norman and billy prepare to fish . on mye wi '' ounce . I first . see he four or '' ' five year ago , and I hook he ' two year ago , and last year , too , but he 's ... . woo. eo '- ( he yell at the . water ) — — ... a erafty old son of a bitch ! 2 ( to the bass ) '' this be you last chance , walter ! '' I name he walter because he '' : gemind I of ethel 's brother , '' because ... versus . ( to the fish ) : ~l.. he 's fat and lazy and uglyl |- billy love all this . norman nod at he . 2 ) . + norman .o ( continue ) where 's you line ? be you on the ottom ?. if you . line 's float you be on the bottom , and that of not - do you any good . . bring it coe up , bring it up , for Christ 's sake . | : _ kay , man ; do not yell at I ! who ~do you think you be , Long John '' Silver ? ped se : Le wage norman .- I be sorry . . : - '' billy os it 's okay . : tney sit for a minute . norman look at billy , search - ing for something to say . ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 84 , 103 continued : ( 2 ) : 103 norman you have fun ? billy yeah . norman that 's good , now be not this better than ' cruise chick ' ? billy no . norman no , I suppose not . ( he think about it ) you plan on get marry one of this day ? billy no way , Jose . I just want to suck face , man . norman nod . he fiddle with he line , think he have a bite , decide he do not . billy ( continue ) how old be you the first time you do it with ethel ? norman I beg you pardon ? do what ? billy you know what I be talk about . norman stare at billy , try to think of a answer . norman it 's not a good idea to talk too much out here . scare the fish away . if the son of bitch be even here . norman look around , irritate . suddenly we hear the i.t?- putt of a small outboard motor . F - ° > " ( 0.s. ) whistle a greeting . ‘oman and billy turn to see ethel approach in they ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 85 . - rm 103 continued : ( 3 ) 103 norman for God 's sake ! what the hell be you do here ? ethel ( hold up a basket ) shhh ... I bring you lunch . ethel paddle to they . norman how the hell do you find we ? ethel shhh ... you will scare the fish . billy ( whisper ) this be suppose to be a secret fishing place . ethel just a lucky guess . of ~ she smile and hold out the basket . norman we do not need any lunch . we have get more important thing go on here . ethel take the basket , you poop . billy might be hungry . ethel set the basket into the boat . ethel ( continue ) have a nice lunch . i'1l see you both later . norman . Goodbye ! billy thanks , ethel . bh : ctart the motor and move off . norman casually open the basket . ( continued ) '' continued : - ( 4 ) '' . [ norman ~ . ' might as well see what she bring . . the twoof they set down they pole and attack the sandwich . voraciously . a moment pass while they feast .. suddenly norman 's pole be bent double and yank into the he lunge and grab it just in - continue . ah hal '. hoid on , you son : ( continue ) . . he 's not walter , but he 's related . _ oo ( the the fish ) . he 's a ugly old son of a pbiteh ! nocman be now stand , reeling like mad . ' billy é . gtand , too , thrilled . ae versus norman le - _ ceontinue ) . get the net , boy ! we be go to : ov have .trout_for dinner tonight . * . aan ot a a ee a se he pull the large fish out of the water . : of p worman 0 = ( continue ) wa get ' the net under he . that a-. '' boy .-* '' billy net ' the eroutra ' 3 - pounder . _ see ? . a rainbow trout . norman be genuinely excited . ' he punch billy . norman ( continue ) good work , kid . '' ~~ 104 omitted 104 & & 105 105 - " 7- 90 . 106 + '' = gphel enter with a platter ; .on which lie the efout _ all cook and yummy look . she set it down in - front of she two tired fisherman . Mo . norman . well , look what you have do . look -at what this beautiful woman have do , billy . E do ' you boy have there today ? 's right . it.was a trip . os biel ( smile ) . : _ well , that 's good . be not it ? 107 _ through - 109 '' uo " ext . float - day . billy be ' perch backwards at the end of the diving board . : norman sit in the canoe nearby . ethel be swim 4 circle around they on a air mattress . ( continued ) 110 91 , continued : 110 norman {rather strongly ) now go up this time , not just back . up and back . come on . billy look hesitant . norman ( continue ) come on , there 's nothing to be scared of . the back flip be one of the easiest dive . billy then you do it . norman look challenge . he start peel off he shirt . ethel ( from the water ) norman thayer , stay where you be ! he scowl at ethel . billy love it . he cover he mouth and pretend to giggle . norman dive , boy . billy do . he go up all right , but do not tum all the way . he land rather face - first . he surface and punch the water . - billy ouch ! ( sounding like norman ) for God 's sake ! norman that be not it . billy thanks for tell I . billy climb back up on the float . ethel swim along - side the canoe . ethel norman , we be go to have he for a month . I do not think you should kill he the first week . norman scowl at she . 110 a on golden pond - Rev. 6/10/80 92 . ext . house - late afternoon 110a norman be sit on a chair watch billy clean a enormous plie of fish . ethel can be see in the b.g. gather kindling . they all wear sweater . . billy we catch eight million fish . be you sure none of this be walter ? norman yep . watler be hummgus ! that fish you get there be just little motha . billy well , they be disgusting little motha . norman you get something against fish gut boy ? billy make a face . billy can I ask you something ? how do you get ethel anyway ? norman what ? I send away for she . two box top from quaker Oats . billy do not bullshit I man ... norman I meet ethel when I be a principal and she be a substitute teacher . she be about the prettiest thing I would ever see . so I tell she she make my heart go pitter - pat . she fall in love with I immediately . ethel , have overhear the end of norman 's conversa - tion , move forward carry a bunch of kindling . ethel hah !... billy be that really the way norman get you ethel ? ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 6/10/80 93 . * 110a continued : . 1lloa 11038 ethel do not be silly . norman do not get I at all , I win he in a contest . ke be the booby prize ! have he get you clean that stupid fish ? norman that 's right ... he clean the stupid one and I clean the smart one . fortunately , the smart one be too smart to get catch . that 's why they be in school ... ha , ha , ha ! ethel and billy share a look . she hand norman the kindling . ethel come in norman and get a fire go . ~~ it 's go to be a bit nippy tonight . norman extend the kindling to billy . norman do you hear that boy ... get a fire go ! ethel for God 's sake norman , billy do not have to do all you chore . norman shake he head as he walk to the house with the wood . norman what be the point of have a dwarf if he do not do chore ? — ethel now shake she head and look at billy who smile . int . live room - late afternoon 1108 norman be methodically lighting a fire , a pile of newspaper on the hearth beside he . billy enter carry a fish bucket as norman struggle to light a match . norman dam it . ( continued ) 1108 110 '' 110d on golden pond - Rev. 6/10/80 94 . continued : 110b billy ( whisper ) get the match backwards , want I to do it ? norman I think I know how to light a fire , for Christ 's sake ! billy shrug . set down the bucket and step onto the porch , now norman have the paper ignite . he fan the fire and stand and watch it with satisfaction . he look around for billy . head for the porch . ext . porch - late afternoon : 1ioc billy sit read as norman step out . norman what be you read ? billy ( not look up ) a Tale of two city . norman ah ... tres bien , tre bien . norman look at billy for a moment try to think of something to say . suddenly , ethel yell from inside . ethel ( 0.s. ) norman , for God 's sake ! you have set the house on fire ! pandemonium as norman and billy rush inside . int . live room - late afternoon 110d the newspaper on the hearth be ablaze . ethel be frantically try to stomp out the flame . norman what the. hell be go on ? ethel get a bucket norman ! ( continued ) -on . golden pond '- Rev. 7/14/80 oo 95 . continued : _— we norman : | what ? : but billy race by he and grab the fish bucket . he throw the water and the clean fish onto the fire , extinguish it . Te : | norman 2 's '' you wade a hell ( overlap ) norman ! 0 not norman ' I guess it 's not safe to have I ~ - around here be it ?.- oe ( he look to billy ) : pas es will what be you stare at I for ? on . - ( you little son of a bitch ! billy look ready to punch hin . instead , he storm out , - knock down the screen door . norman march up the stair , leave ethel to look after they both , upset . - she bend and return the fish to the bucket , then step to the stairway , and eall : : eee ethel . : ° : lo norman . - I would still appreciate you ae ' make a fire when you get 2 chance . no answer ... she step outside . . '' l0e as llof ext . dock -- late afternoon . - / -. llof * billy stand stare at the lake , troubled , ethel come down the bank . '' : ethel you must not let norman upset you , a dear . _ ( continued ) " 5 on golden pond - Rev. 7/14/80 . 9 . so qlor continued : = 11 of so billy * sure. ethel . " he be not yell at you ... you _ know . billy ir-sound like he be yell at I . what ' the heck do that mean ? : ... ( ethel . - vy '' well ; he 's like a old lion . and he have to remind himself that he can still . roar . '' '' billy oh. | ethel : : sometimes you have to look hard :' at a person and remember that he - ig do the best he can . he be '' just try to find he way . that 's all . just like you . stand silently for a moment , think . as billy '' can I take you for a ride , ethel ? ' well , thank you . 111 lll . 111a ext . lake - late afternoon oe uma + ethel and billy in the canoe , he paddle stern . they move slowly along in the late sun , a bit raggedly as billy try to keep the canoe on course . they paddle in silence for a moment past a rocky shore . ethel it 's beautiful , be not it ? ( continued ) on goldin pond - Rev. 8/8/80 supercede prev. White pgs. 96-97 .* 110f continued : liof billy sure . ethel he be not yell at you ... you know . billy oe it sound like he be yell at I . ethel no . he be yell at life . billy . what the heck do that mean ? ethel well , he 's like a old lion . and he have to remind himself that he can still roar . billy ch. ethel sometimes you have to look hard at a person and remember that he be do the best he can . he be just try to find he way . - fhat 's all . just like you . billy stand silently for a moment , think . billy you could come out fishing with we anytime , you know . if you get . lonely . ethel well , no , I have never like fishing . it always seem like the dead fish be stare at I . billy we do not just fish , you know . ethel no ? billy nope . we have a pretty good old time . norman make I practice my french , and I make he tell I storey . we have get a real kinetic thing go . ( continued ) on golden pond -_ Rev. 8/8/80 supercede prev- White pgs. 98 . 'o 10f «= continued : 1 lof * ethel that 's wonderful . billy oh , yeah . and you do not have to worry about he . I keep a eye on he . ethel smile . 111 omitted lil through through 112 112 113 int . live room ~ night 113 norman be fastidiously mind the fire , anything flammable move well out of danger . he look at ethel and billy , who sit read . norman um . do you want to play parcheesi , or not ?... it 's all right , we do not have to . ethel and billy look at he , amused . norman ( continue ) unless you want to . it do not matter . i£ you would rather not play a game . it 's not important . - ethel and billy look at each other and smile . ethel set it up , buster , and prepare to lese you shirt . 113a omitted 113a through through 115 : 115 116 ext . gazebo - early evening 116 " thet be - busily_ceting -- she feel something ~ and brushes at she neck ... then again . we see norman behind the gazebo railing . a mischievous look in he eye and he tickle ethel with a long piece of grass . she grin . ethel oh , norman . for God 's sake . norman how be my little petunia ? ( continued ) on golden pond ~ Rev. 8/8/80 supercede prev. White pgs. oba . 116 117 117a 118 through 129 continued : 116 she look at he surprised , but pleased . billy call from the dock . billy hey , I be wonder if I could take a little spin in the thayer four. : norman absolutely not . billy * I know how to drive . : * ethel I think it would be all right . do not you , norman ? norman good God ! can you be careful . billy oh sure ! he hop into the boat . norman climb up over the gazebo rail . : ethel norman ! '' norman sit beside she and put he arm around she . ethel ocontinue ) well it have finally happen . you have lose you marble . ext . lake - early evening billy drive the thayer four away from the house , ' straight out past the point and out of sight . ext . lake - early evening 117a * billy drive the boat in great looping circle . * and figure eight , cut and weaving , bounce * wildly on the wave , have a marvelous time . * omitted 118 through 129 115 116 on golden pond - Rev. 6/10/80 988 . continued : 115 he glance at billy then look back at the lake . billy smile and stare at Charlie , get the point but not comment . charlie ( continue ) I just like the girl . ( he smile shyly ) every night after light out , you know what they use to do ... go skinny dip ! billy no shit !... Girls be great , Charlie . they ' cepeee tea. 1 ! ey're great rl be great I love ‘em , Charlie . I love the little nitwit ! Charlie laugh . ext . gazebo - early evening 116 ethel be busily crochet . she feel something and brushes at she neck ... then again . we see norman behind the gazebo railing . a mischievous look in he eye as he tickle ethel with a long piece of grass . she grin . . ethel oh , norman . for God 's sake . norman how be my little petunia ? she look at he surprised , but pleased . billy call from the dock . billy hey , I be wonder if I could pake a little spin in the thayer ‘our . norman absolutely not . billy Charlie let I drive . ( continued ) 116 117 118 on golden pond - Rev. 6/10/80 ~ 98c . continued : 116 ethel I think it would be all right . do not you , norman ? norman good God ! can you be careful . billy oh sure ! norman stay in we cove boy . billy yes sir , I promise . he hop ' into the boat . norman climb up over the gazebo rail . ethel norman ! norman sit beside she and put he arm around she . ethel ( continue ) well it have finally happen . you have lose you marble . ext . lake - early evening 117 billy drive the thayer four away from the house , straight out past the point and out of sight . ext . gazebo - early evening 118 norman and ethel sit on the bench . norman lean forward . norman where the hell be he go ? ethel tsk . do not worry about he . norman he steal my boat . thief ! ethel will you shut up ? 119 120 121 122 1224 123 through 126 127 on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 98d , ext . lake - night 11g a crystal night , full moon sparkling on the calm water , billy sit in the thayer four not far from the shore of Camp koochakiyi , binocular train on the bank , at last a bell ring and the light go out in the tent . billy lean forward . ext . camp koochakiyi - night 120 Seven or eight young teenage girl creep down the bank and quietly pull off they clothes and jump into the water . on the boat 121 billy watch , aging fast ; he mouth lock open . billy ( whisper ) thank you , Charlie mackinarly . on the water 122 the girl push and splash each other . girl # 1 let 's swim out to the boat . they start to swim toward the thayer four . billy duck , terrify . the girl arrive and start to climb aboard . Three of they be aboard before they discover billy stare transfix . they shriek and leap into the water and swim , giggle , to the shore as suddenly a light shine on they from the shore . a woman 's voice rumble . miss lowry ( shouting ) what 's go on there ? out of the water and back to you bunk , girl . the girl scramble from the water as miss lowry train the flashlight on the thayer four . on the boat 122a billy panic ... try desperately to start the engine , which he finally do . he zoom away grin like a ool . omitted 123 through 126 ext . porch - night 127 novman and ethel sit at the parcheesi board as billy . up to the dock and quickly tie up . ( continued ) '. on golden pond - Rev. 6/10/80 98e . 127 . continued : 127 norman I be too old for this nonsense . let 's just kill he and get it over . 128 ext . yard - sunset 128 billy move up the bank and onto the porch . 129 ext . porch - sunset 129 norman go to you room . billy huh ? ~~ — norman you go to you room and stay there fox two year . ethel look to the heaven . billy what . I do not do anything . . norman bullshit . you steal my boat . billy oh , come on ! norman and , you lie . ethel we be worried about you , billy . billy you guy do not have to treat I like a kid . norman hah ! then you should not act like one . I have already raise one ungrateful brat . I be in no mood to go through it again . ethel norman ! ( continued ) 129 on golden pond - Rev. 6/28/80 9bf . continued : 129 he turn to go . norman grab he . norman you want to be treat with respect you have to earn respect . do you hear I , boy ? they stare at each other . billy ( mumble ) I be sorry . billy enter the live room , head up the stair . ethe} elbow norman and he look at she . then call to B : y. norman hey . we be glad you be here , you know . you turkey . billy smile and move up the stair . norman look after he , then turn to ethel . she look at he , pleased . 130 131 99 , int . live room - day 130 ethel scowl as norman load fishing gear onto a already overburdene billy . norman I will get the rest ... he pick up a small net and exit . ethel shake she head . ethel you two will be sorry . the loon have be call for rain all night . " rain , rain , send we the rain . 's billy that 's what the loon say ? huh ? he smile and shake he head . we hear norman call : norman ( 0.s. ) allon , debut ! billy je vien ! ( to ethel ) that 's french , you kmow . it mean , ' I be come . ' ethel ah . T will get la porte . she carefully open the screen door and be amaze to discover its hinge be operable . C eiey continue I do not believe it ! billy yeah ... norman and I fix the mutha . ext . dock - day 131 norman wait impatiently in the boat as ethel and billy trudge down with they load . ethel cast a wary look at the sky . norman hey , boy , grab my chair , would you ? ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 8/13/80 131 132 continued grumbling , ' norman do . he and billy pile into the boat . ethel norman . for God 's sake , he hand be full . norman so ? he 's get tooth , do not he ? ethel norman , get the chair . ethel . ( continue ) you two be careful out there . and do not be go long , or you will miss dinner . norman then we will just have to eat raw fish like the oriental do . ( to billy ) . of course you will never get any taller . : ( to ethel ) Goodbye , woman . billy Goodbye , woman . they motor . away from the dock . ext , lake ~ late afternoon the sky be grow dark as the thayer - four cut across the water . rocky cove . norman stop the boat at the entrance to a norman : this be about the only place we have not look for this stupid son a bitch fish . we might as well give it a try , huh ? he turn the boat and slowly maneuver into the cove . norman ocontinue ) they call this purgatory cove , boy . see that rock ? they eat boat . 100 . 131 * tee ee 132 ** ee eee * on golden : pond - Rev. 8/13/80 101 .* 132 continued ; 132 billy look around skeptically . billy do you know the way ? norman of course I know the way . I have be on this lake 48 year , for _ Christ 's sake . now you get up on the deck and - tell I where the _ -- qock be . billy do , with some trepidation . norman move the boat forward slowly and carefully . * billy um . there 's a rock come up , norman ! norman which side ? billy uh , right ! norman starboard , boy . billy okay , starboard . norman turn the boat . . billy .- another one . on the leave . um . '' " shit. Port ! . norman turn the boat . now they be into the cove . we see rock break the surface , or lie green and ominous just below . the boat zig zag along as billy shout direction . ' billy Port ! port. starboard . no , port ! . at last they reach the center of the cove , and norman cut the motor . norman now do not this look like the ideal hide place for a ( he shout ) crafty old son of a bitch ? on golden pond - Rev. 8/13/80 / 102 .* 132 continued _ 132 billy look around at the cove , still and eerie look in the fade light . norman ocontinue ) well ? the fish be not go to just jump up into the boat , you know . get it in gear , turkey . billy ready he fish pole . he and norman sit fishing quietly , . reflect the somberness of the weather . norman look at the sky pensively . norman ( continue ) — it 's get dark , chelsea . billy who you call chelsea ? I be billy . come on , man . norman look at he , nod . billy ( continue ) be you okay ? norman of course I be okay . billy okay . we better hurry up and catch walter , huh ? I be not go to be here much longer . . norman -~ neither be i. billy I will miss you , norman . norman what ? billy life really suck sometimes , do not it ? they grow quiet again , each lose in he thought . billy idly crank he reel and feel something pull on he line . on golden pond - Rev. 8/13/80 103 . % 132 continued '' 132 pr : billy . ( continue ) norman ! shit ! I get the mutha ! I get he ! he crank like mad , while norman watch . billy ( continue ) . get the net , - norman ! get it in . lao ent , gear , turkey ! norman grab the net . he stand by while billy excitedly reel in , struggle with he catch . he peer over the side . . ; billy ( continue ) what the heck be that ? billy reach into the water and pull out the body of a loon , obviously dead for some time . billy ( continue ) . good God . it 's a dead loon , o~ : norman . the poor thing . ( he make a face ) phew ! it stink , too . but he-stands stare at it , fascinate . norman put it back . billy what ? it 's dead . norman put it back . . billy - carefully drop the bird into the water , and watch it float away from the boat . norman return to he own end of the thayer -four , and sit silently : billy seem shake by what 's happen , the sky grow steadily darker . billy ( quietly ) norman , be you afraid of die ? on golden pond - Rev. 8/13/80 104 , 132 - continued he stare at billy . 132 norman what ? billy ( persist ) be you . afraid to die ? norman what the hell kind of question be that ? billy iwas just wonder , that 's all . norman . ( mutter ) well , I do not know why everybody have to talk about everything all the time . at the water , look up at the sky , then back he smile . norman let 's go home , boy . ' he reel in , and pull up the anchor . billy reel in , and look around nervously as the darkness close in . billy . be you sure we be go to be able to get out of here ? norman what ? of course we be . now get on the deck . . norman start the motor and look at billy , who move . reluctantly onto the deck . norman sense billy 's fear . norman ( continue ) hey . get back here . I forget you be a hot shot boat driver . you take the wheel and I will navigate . billy yeah ? he climb back into the boat as norman pull himself ento the deck . on golden pond - Rev. 8/21/80 105 . 132 continued : 132 billy ( continue ) I be not afraid , you know . norman I know . now you just take we real slow and do what I tell you . billy move the boat forward . norman point as he give command . . norman ( continue ) all right . starboard . go port . that a boy . good. now . the other way . very good . ' okay . starboard again . the boat zig zag along . the visibility get worse and@ worse , and norman have to squint at the darkness , struggle to see the way . norman ( continue ) Port , billy . Port ! good boy . '' suddenly ahead of the boat there loom a whole series of rock , with seemingly no passageway . norman ( continue ) good God ! reverse ! full throttle in reverse ! billy panic . he hit the throttle in forward , and the boat race ahead . . norman ( continue ) reverse ! but it 's too late . the boat slam into a rock , send norman fly into the water . billy hit the windshield and be throw back as the thayer - four roll onto its side . we see a huge gash on the bottom . Water pour through it , as the grand ola boat quickly fill and start to sink . norman splashes in the water , bleed profusely from a scalp wound . norman chelsea ! chelsea ! ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 8/21/80 106 . 132 continued : 132 billy swim toward norman , call . billy norman ! norman ! at last he reach norman . he grab he . billy ( continue ) . norman ! I screw up . I be sorry . but norman_is in no condition for conversation . his face be cover with blood from the gash in he scalp . he look at . billy , then close he eye . billy pull he through the water , look for safety . norman be clearly too heavy for the boy , but billy forges on . at last he spot a rock jutting out of the water , jag and slippery . he drag norman to it , and try to push he onto it , but norman be practically deadweight , and it take all of billy 's remain strength to force norman onto the rock . billy shake he . : billy come on , norman . you gotta live , man . billy be cry . he slide back into the water , exhaust . norman lie still for a moment , then finally begin to be - gain he sense . he hear splash near he as billy struggle to stay above water . : norman 2 billy ? billy ? he drop into the water , hang onto the rock , and he reach for the boy . with a great lunge he grab billy and pull he back to the rock , and hold he there . 133 omitted 133 through : through 143 . 143 143a ext . marina ~- dusk . 143a ethel 's - car screech to a halt . she jump out . 143b int . charlie' boathouse - dusk 143b Charlie be tinkering with a motor at he workbench as ethel enter . ethel come on , Charlie , we be go for a boat ride . charlie huh ? ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 7/23/80 107 . 143b continued : 1438 ethel they be out on the lake . they should have be back before dark . let 's go ! she head across the boathouse to Charlie 's boat moor in its slip .. Charlie grab '' he slicker and follow she . they climb into the boat and move off . ( 144 ext . lake . ~ night . 144 billy and yorman cling to each other , and to the ‘rock , both exhaust . 145 ext . lake - night : a 145 Charlie ' 's boat clip across the lake , ethel shine a spotlight back and forth across the water . Charlie stop the boat . charlie ethel , we have be back and forth here three time . they must have pull up somewhere . ethel peer into the darkness . she shine the light on the entrance to purgatory cove . ethel you do not think he go in there , do you ? charlie he 's not that crazy . ethel . . yes , he be . let 's go . charlie I be not go to drive my boat into : purgatory cove . ethel then I will drive . here ; hold this . she thrust the spotlight into he hand , and take the wheel . the boat move carefully into the cove . 146 ext . lake - night '' 146 billy and norman be now on opposite side of the rock , arm interlocked . ( continued ) 146 147 on golden pond - Rev. 7/23/80 108.* continued : 146 . billy maybe I should try swim to shore . " norman shake he head , too tired to answer . billy grip he tighter . ext . lake ~- night 147 ethel steer the boat past the rock , while Charlie try to find they with he light . a charlie Left , ethel . now right ! oh , my god. he can barely watch , but the boat , wind along . suddenly they hit something . charlie ( continue ) uh , oh . he shine the line on the water . charlie Holy mackinoly . we see a section of the thayer - four float in the water . ethel see it too . she shout . ethel norman thayer ! where the hell be you ? ethel maneuver forward , and Charlie slowly pass the light . across the path . a dark mass loom ahead of they . ethel bring the boat closer and we see norman and billy just barely hang onto the rock . ' ethel . there they be . take the wheel , Charlie . she suddenly . jump into the water , and swim to the rock . norman ( weakly ) ethel . you should not be out here in this sort of weather . ( continued ) ( '' 147 148 , through 164 165 on ' golden pond - Rev. 7/23/80 continued : she hug he to she . she pull billy up and hug he , too . . ethel you poop . you goddam poop . a Charlie maneuver he boat alongside . omitted ext . lake - dawn Golden Pond be calm . the morning sun glisten on the water . : 108a . 147 148 % - through 164 165 we on golden pond - Rev. 8/21/80 109 . 166 167 168 169 omit 166 int . live room ~ day .. 167 norman and billy sit at a table concentrate on a jigsaw puzzle . norman wear a small bandage on he forehead . ethel step in from the kitchen carry she berry bucket . ethel I be off to get some berry . will you two be all right ? eat they appear too busy to respond other than to nod or wave she off . she nod . oe ethel ( continue ) bye , then . she exit , through the kitchen . as soon as the back door slam , billy and norman spring into action . they grab fishing vest and hat and gear , and scramble out the door . omit . : 168 ext . dock - day 169 billy and norman rush down the bank to the dock until they be stop dead in they track by ethel 's voice . . . ethel ( 0.s . ) hey ! billy and norman look up innocently as ethel approach . ethel and where be you juvenile delin - quent off to ? billy and norman smile stupidly at she . ethel ( continue , to norman ) I think you be in too much pain to exert yourself . norman what ? well , I be . I be only do this for billy - give the poor boy another chance to catch a fish . we have be do goddam jigsaw puzzle for a week . ( continued ) on golden pond ~ Rev. 8/21/80 169° continued ; ethel _ mm-hmm . you will be stay in we cove , will not you ? norman ° tsk . there be no trout leave in we cove . ethel we have enough trout in the fridge to last we six year . billy but we do not have walter . norman never mind . we will stay in the damn cove , norman step to she and grab she , and kiss 109a . 169 she . 170 171 172 110 . ext . blueberry hill - day 170 High above the lake . ethel stand , pick berries . after a moment she begin to sing . ethel I can see the tree and the hill beyond , from my tent on the bank : of the leke call Golden Pond , on Golden Pond . ext . road - day 171 a car round a bend and stop . chelsea step out and breathes in the warm air . she stare down at the lake , look more buyoeant than we have see she . she hear ethel' voice and move toward she , intrigue . ext . blueberry hill ~ day 172 ethel be dance a little indian dance . ethel we be the girl from Camp koochakiyi , you can tell who we be by the gleam in we eye . we mind be clear and we heart be strong , we be dance here but we will not be long ... chelsea climb down quickly behind she . ethel 's dance grow . ethel ( continue ) there will soon be dear where there be now fawn , and we will remember we year on Golden Pond ... chelsea join in . chelsea and ethel on Golden Pond . ethel turn , startle . chelsea to how ( continue ) ( continued ) 172 wat have continued eee se 2 fp oy : ethel how do you get here ? chelsea " I rent a car , a volare . make by plymouth . chelsea look at ethel then at she jacket . ; chelsea look at you . you have have that . coat as long as I can remember , * eihel look it , do not it ? '' chelsea it look great . chelsea and ethel hug each other . ethel you be in a huggy mood today . what 's the matter ? chelsea you look different . ethel you mean o1@ , like my coat . '' chelsza I do not know , , ethel - fhat 's what happen if you live long enough . you get old ..:.. chelsea - how do it make you feel ? ethel '' well , '' it do not make I feel like jump up and down . chelsea '' it make I goddamn mad ! epuel they be not digging my grave yet . well , how be you trip ? chelsea not bad . ( cop inued ) 414 ek rk kkk rk rk fe kkk ee rk ke * oe 172 -_ 172 Way eee continued bua ~ aere beas ou illa - lt 172 ethel — ' ah . chelsea how 's the kid ? still get he or do you drow he ? ethel we still get he . he 's right out there fishing with he best buddy . you can see then . . bo. o. '' creesea wheret 's the | thayer - four ? - ethel oh , Charlie 's fix it , norman and billy try to drive it through a rock in purgatory cove . chelsea do they get hurt ? ethel : norman get @ bump on he forehead , * which he 's be play to the hilt , but they be both fine , thank God . do you still . have '' bll or do you arown he ? chelsea still get he . but he have to get back .to - the coast . - he have a mouth : ~- . that need lookin , into .>- ( she smile have norman and billy . gott ven . along all right ? - ( continued ) ~ on golden pond - Rev. 9/5/80 172 1l2. continued : ( 2 ) : 172 ethel billy be the happiest thing that 's happen to norman since Roosevelt . I should have rent he a 13 - year old boy year ago . chelsea you could have trade I in . billy remind I of myself out there . Way back when . except I think he make a better son than I do . ethel well , you make a very hice daughter . chelsea be not that cute the way they be so buddy - buddy ? how come it 's so easy ? ethel . what do you mean ? chelsea why be not the old son of a bitch ever my friend ? ethel - you be sounding very childish . of course he be you friend ... he 's you father . chelsea I like you logic , but it 's bullshit ! ethel oh , dear . you be such a nice person , can not you think of anything nice to say ? chelsea ' um . I marry Bill in Brussels . ethel you do what in Brussels ? chelsea I marry Bill . ethel do it count in this country ? ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 9/5/80 113 . * 172 173 continued + ( 3 ) , 172 chelsea fraid so . ethel ohugge she ) well , bless you . congratulation . . chelsea nothing to it . ethel norman will be so pleased . chelsea yeah , right . what do you think he 's go to say , '' hey , chelsea , fantastic . I be so glad you be finally get you life together , and I be so proud of you ? " ethel I doubt it , but he will be happy for you . chelsea no , he will not . you know why ? because he do not really care . he care about norman thayer , Jr , but he do not care about I ... and he do not care about you either . he 's a selfish son of a bitch ! ( she yel be at the lake ) you old son of a bitch ! ethel , stunne by all this , slap chelsea 's face . ° - ethel . that old son of a bitch happen to be my husband . now chelsea be stunne . she turn and run headlong down the hill . ext . wood - day 173 chelsea run along the shore . she reach a little point of land , run onto a huge rock , and fling she - self into Golden Pond . ) on golden pond - Rev. 9/5/80 113a * 174 175 175 a ext . lake - day ara chelsea stay under the water for a moment , then surface , spitting out a spray of water . chelsea well , shit . omitted 178 ext . lake - day , 175a billy be struggle to reel in he line . norman watch skeptically . . billy shit ! oh , wow , man ! norman it 's only a sunfish , do not get excited . billy this be only a sunfish ? it 's do a pretty good trout impression get the net ! norman be you doubting the word of a genius ? there be no respectable trout in this cove . I chase they out year ago . at which point the fish break the water , a huge trout . billy what be that then ? norman that be a trout . _ ( he scramble for the net ) good God ! it 's walter ! what the hell be you do here , you son of a bitch ? he scoops the fish into the net , and he and billy fall over each other landing the fish on the boat 's floor . billy we catch walter ! norman we catch walter . the son of a bitch ! y on golden pond - Rev. 9/5/80 114,.-117 . 176 176a 177 through 178 omitted . : - 176 ext . dock - day . 176 a chelsea be sit on the dock , hair and short still wet , shoe go . she look at the lake through bino - cular . she lower the glass as ethel step onto the dock . a awkward moment pass . ethel I bring you car . chelsea thank you . ( after a moment ) I be sorry . ethel I be sorry , too . but you be wrong , you know . you father do care . deeply . it 's true he 's a absolute mutt when it come to tell anybody , but I know he would walk through fire for I , and he would for you , too . and if you can not see that , then you be not look close enough . chelsea ( after a beat ) I do not even know he . . ethel well , he will be here in a minute , I will be glad to introduce you . chelsea right . maybe someday we can try to be friend . ethel chelsea , norman be 80 year old . he have heart palpitation and a . problem remember thing . when exactly do you expect this friend - ship to begin ? chelsea I do not know . I be afraid of he . ethel well , he 's afraid of you . you should get along fine . ( she pause ) here he come . talk to he . she turn and march up the bank , leave chelsea to gaze nervously out as norman 's boat approach the dock . omitted 177 through 178 179 118 . , ext . shore - day 179 chelsea be wading in the shallow water , study the little pebble that glisten in the sun . she look up as billy and norman approach the dock . billy spot chelsea . he jump from the boat to the dock , and smile at she . she look at billy in surprise . he seem taller , he posture improve , he face ruddy . they look at each other a moment , then he jump into the water . he and chelsea embrace . billy look at you . chelsea hi , kid . billy where 's the dentist ? chelsea he have to go back . he will call you tonight , hello , norman . norman ( sit in the boat ) well , well , well . billy chelsea , we catch walter ! do you know who waiter be ? chelsea I have a feel he 's a fish . billy yes . a humungus fish . and we catch he ! we catch he ! chelsea well ? let I see hin . norman we let he go . . billy yeah , we let he go . chelsea I think I have hear this story before . ( continued ) on golden : pond - Rev. 8/21/80 119 . 179 continued : 179 billy no , it 's true . we figure if he 's live this long we should let he keep on live . he climb up the bank . billy ( continue ) I have get to tell ethel we catch he . ( he grin at norman ) we catch the son of a bitch ! billy-runs-off . chelsea look at norman . she have to squint in the bright sun . ' chelsea get yourself a friend , huh ? norman he 's all right . it have not be too difficult . he start to climb out of the boat . . chelsea how 's you forehead ? * norman what ? this ? : * ( he touch the bandage ) oh , not too bad . a lot of pain , * nothing to worry about . * chelsea norman , I want to talk to you .- * '' norman ( sit back down ) what seem to be the problem ? * chelsea there 's no problem . I just ... want to talk to you . I , um ... I be think , it ocurre to I that maybe you and I should have the kind of relationship we be suppose to have . norman what kind of relationship be that ? chelsea well , you know , like a father and a daughter . norman oh. just in the nick of time , huh ? ( more ) ( continued ) on golden pond - Rev. 9/5/80 179 continued : ( 2 ) norman ( cont 'd ) worried about the will , be you ? I be leave everything to you , except what I be take with I . oh , chelsea stop it . I do not want anything . it just seem like you and I have - be mad at each other for too long . norman oh ? I do not know we be mad , I think we just do not like each other . : this hit chelsea hard enough . deeper , try to regroup . chelsea she wade a little I want to be you friend . oh. norman {hit himself ) do this mean you might come around more often ? it would mean a lot to you mother . chelsea ' I will come around more often . norman nod . at each other . 120 . 179 chelsea nod . they both work at not look norman well ... yep . chelsea oh . yeah . by the way , I get marry in Brussels . norman you do ? in Brussels ? ah ha . yes . ever very chelsea it 's the best thing that 's happen to I . happy . norman he make I well , good . do he speak English ? tsk . chelsea I marry Bill . ( continued ) se * ** on golden pond - Rev. 9/5/80 179 continued : ( 3 ) 179 . norman Bill ? oh , Bill ! ah. ( he think about it , smile at she ) well . I be glad , chelsea . that 's um ... San frantastic . chelsea ( surprised ) . what ? norman billy go to live with you ? chelsea yes . norman he smile good . be not that something ?. good for you . at she . a moment pass . norman oh , ' you know , I have get he @oing a back flip . just like @ pro . chelsea oh , yeah ? that 's great . ' norman you want I to get he down here and show you ? chelsea um , no thanks , not right now . norman okay . oh , that 's right , you never be a great back - flipper , be you ? chelsea no , I be never a great one . I be too fat , remember ? norman ( laugh ) ha , ha , yes I do remember that now . oh , well , I guess it 's probably easier for a boy anyway . chelsea I beg you pardon ? would you like to see I do a back flip ? ( continued ) 120a . * on golden pond ~ Rev. 9/5/80 179 180 121 .* continued : ( 4 ) 179 chelsea start head out toward the float . norman what ? chelsea --. I be go to do a goddam back flip . now she swim . norman watch confuse . norman chelsea , you do not have to ... chelsea ( interrupt ) - iwant to do it . it 's part of my grow - up process . come on , coach , let 's go . . she swim to the raft . norman turn the boat and row after she . ext . float - day '' 180 chelsea stand on the diving board , back to the water , look intense , and scared . norman sit in the hoat near she . norman be sure to go up and not just back . up and back . ' chelsea look at he , a little girl . chelsea I be scared . : norman there 's nothing to be scared of . the back flip be one of the easiest dive of all . 180 181 182 122 . continued : 180 chelsea but I be scared anyway . norman then do not do it . it do not matter if you do not do the stupid dive . it 's not important , chelsea stare at he , hearing the message she would have like to hear 30 year ago . she half smile , and then throw herself up and back and do a flip . not perfect , but passable . after a moment , she surface , amaze at herself . norman stand in the boat and clap . he shout at the house . norman she do it ! chelsea do a back flip ! ext . porch 181 ethel and billy stand clap . ext . house - day 182 chelsea , ethel and billy stand by chelsea 's car . chelsea you could come out , you know . instead of go to Florida . ethel well , we will discuss it . if I can get norman to accept the fact that Los Angeles be part of the United States , it should not be too much trouble . they turn as norman march out carry a fish pole . ethel ( continue ) norman , what be you do now ? ( continued ) on gulden pun — neve ys tes ov lee conrinued : 5 i . 182 ' ae pak .- norman - : : : ( hand . the - pole to billy ) / here , cool breeze . in case you . tg : _want to ' take a break from cruise - I : << billy - wow . ' thank you , Captain . - ethel . =: norman , he can not take that stupid . : he fish in he pocket ' ana pull '' '' out a medal , which he wit hang around chelsea 's 's neck . . wv - norman : . ~ ( continue ) | : be you : know what this be ? : ' chelsea yes . ole norman : university of - Pennsylvania . diving final 1921 ... . second place ... chelsea ‘hank you . : ( she 's touch ) - low T can retire . 3 '' norman '' ee howst : t - to you new-husband . maybe - ~ e! 11 ° ' give - we + a ' discount -on-dentalwork '' es noxman ! s. hand -* _ billy mo > norman . pes . have - okay . . " to billy hag - he , which : be a shock to norman , but he hug he , too . billy step to ethel . billy well , goodbye , woman . they embrace . ethel Goodbye , dear . chelsea stand 's by norman . ( continued ) 182 183 184 125 . continued : ( 3 ) 182 chelsea um . ' bye. norman . dad . with a what - the-hell , norman grab and hug she , too . int . live room - night 183 norman watch as ethel pack up the parchisi game . norman what be you , quit ? let 's play ' loser drive home 's . ethel tsk . you owe I four million dollar . norman double or nothing . she smile , shake she head . she put the board back down and sit across from norman . they look like two gunfighter ready to square off . ext . shore - day 184 foman watch Charlie haul up the last section of ck . charlie unnh . well . another summer , huh , norman ? ' norman yep . now wait a minute . you better get that section all the way up the bank . Charlie shake he head and strain to lift the thing higher . norman wave he on . norman ( continue ) that 's it , come on . I do not want to get back here next year and find out my damn dock have float away . that 's a good boy . ( continued ) 184 185 126 . continued : 184 Charlie wipe he brow . he climb into he boat . charlie we will see you next summer , norman . norman okay , Charlie . you take care of yourself . charlie you bet . he start the motor and roar off . norman stand watch Charlie 's boat skim across the water . ethel ( 0.s. ) norman . come on , dear . he turn and walk up the bank . ext . porch - Day 185 ethel be on the porch . there be two box beside she . ethel let 's get this last box to the car and be go . norman oh , for God 's sake . he start to lift one box , she take the other . ethel it 's not too heavy , be it ? norman of course it 's not too heavy . good God , this be heavy ! che take a few step ) you be try to kill I . ethel I have think about it . put it down if it 's too much trouble . norman what the hell do you have in here ? ethel my mother 's china . put it down , norman . ( continued ) 185 127 . continued : 185 norman you mother never like I . he 's clearly in pain . ethel of course she do . put the box down . dammit ! he drop the box with a terrible crash . norman fall down after it . ethel drop she box and rush to help he . he lie clutching himself as she hold he to she . ethel ( continue ) . oh , my god. norman ! where 's you medicine ? oh God ! she rush to the back of the house . norman lie still , ~ gasp in pain . ethel run back . she wrestle with the medicine bottle . ethel ( continue ) whoever design this cap be a madman , at last she have it open . she cradle norman 's head . ethel ( continue ) here . put this under you tongue . norman what be it ? ethel nitroglycerin . put it under you tongue . norman you must be mad . i'11l blow up . ethel do it , dammit . he do . she watch as he close he eye . ethel ( continue ) dear God , do not take he now . you do not want he , he 's a poop . ( more ) ( continued ) co on golden pond '~ Rev. 8/20/80 , 127a 185 186 187 -continued : 185 ethel ( cont 'd ) '' norman ? norman ! norman ( he eye close ) maybe you should call a doctor . we can afford it . ethel | ( jump up ) oh , yes . I should have do that . dear God . she rush onto the porch and into the house . int . live room - day . 186 the furniture be all stack and cover again . ethel find the- telephone and dial " 0 " . ethel hello , hello . dear god. she step back out the door , carry the phone . ext . porch - day . 187 ethel . how - be you feel , norman ? norman oh , pretty good . how be you ? ethel how 's - the pain , dammit ? - . norman . pretty good , as pain go . . ethel be the-medicine do anything ? norman no. ethel why do not they answer - the phone ? norman who would you call ? ethel the stupid operator . hello ? hello , hello , hello , hello , hello , hello ! whatever be the matter with she ? ( continued ) < eae = - qn golden pond -— ~ Rev. 8/20/80 — = = nme - 128 . 7 187 continued : ~— . 187 I norman om . she 's slow . ethel how do you feel now ? norman I do not know . ethel . : _- be you plan to die ? be that what you be up to ? well , while I be wait for this moron to answer the phone , let I say something to you , norman thayer , junior . I would rather you do not . norman really ? f- ethel yes ! this. stupid , stupid woman . I be go to have to call the hospital directly . - ( she head back to the oo door , mutter ) the phone book , where 's the . phone book ? : norman ~ ethel ? . ' ethel ( fear the worst ) yes . what be it ? norman ' come here . ethel drop the phone , rush to he , . kneel by_him . ethel oh , God . yes , norman , my darling . norman , ethel . — ethel yes . I be here , norman . norman 4 ethel . ( continued ) _ tt on golden pond.=. rev--.8/20/80 -— --- pm 187 continued : ( 2 ) an. oo ethel lo . _ue , yes , yes . norman ethel . ethel what be it ? norman ethel . I think I be feel all right now . ethel oh , god. {she clutches he to she ) be you serious ? norman my heart stop hurt . maybe I be dead . ethel : oh , norman . oh , thank God . I '' ~~ . . love you so much . norman 's now my heart 's start to hurt again . sorry about you mother 's - china . ethel why do you strain yourself ? you know - better . ( continued ) 128a . 187 on golden pond - Rev. 8/21/80 : 129 . 187 continued : ( 3 ) 187 * ~ norman I be show off . try to turn you on . . ethel well , you succeed . there 's no ~ need for you to try that sort of thing again . . a norman good . : she hold he and th do not move for a long time . she gaze out at the lake . : . 187a on the lake 218 7a * the lake look more golden than ever , with dab of yellow and red reflect in the water . ethel ( 0.s. ) norman . this be the first time I have really feel we be go to die . norman ( 0.s. ) I have know it all along . 1878 on norman and ethel . 187b * ethel when I look at you lie on the ground I could actually see + you dead . I could see you in you blue suit and a white starch shirt , lie in Thomas 's funeral parlor on bradshaw Street . norman how do L look ? ' thel not good , norman . you have be talk about die ever since I meet you . but today be the first time I have really feel it . norman how do it feel ? ( continued ) ) 's 1873 130 . continued : ethel it feel ... odd . cold , I guess . but - not that bad , really . almost comforting , not so frightening , not such a bad place to go . do not know . : she look at he , look away . he reach up and pull she head to he .. she smile at he , lean against he . after a moment he pull himself up . ' norman well ? do not you want to say goodbye to the lake ? . ethel be you sure you be strong enough ? norman I think so . if I fall over face first in the water , you will know I be not . : . ethel well , be careful , for God 's sake . I be only good for one near miss a day . _o he step to she , take she in he am . norman hello , there . vo ethel hi. : : norman '' " want to dance ? or would you - rather just suck face ? '' 4 ethel . you really be a case , you know . they move down to the water 's edge . the loons call . ethel ( continue ) norman ! the loon ! they have come ' round to say goodbye . norman how nice . : 187b * 188 189 131 . on the lake 188 the two loon light on the water for a moment , then rise again and soar away . on norman and ethel 189 they watch the loon . ethel just the two of they now , Little baby 's all grow up and move to Los Angeles or somewhere . norman yes . ethel hello , Golden Pond . we have come to say goodbye . they stare out at the lake . the camera draw back and we see norman and ethel , like the last summer flower on the shore . solitary figure . not sad , but peace - ful and hopeful and proud . the camera draw back , away , above they . they become smaller and smaller , but still visible and bright on the golden pond . fade out . - the end -