sliver by ira levin screenplay by Joe eszterhas produce by Robert Evans directed by Phillip Noyce August , 1992 for Educational purpose only be fade in : ext . the manhattan skyline - night the hour before dawn , in the spring rain . we see the city from on high , as we hear Joseph suk 's " idyl in F minor , op . 7 " *= tinkling , romantic , haunt , forebod - ing . down Park , down madison , panning across grand , old - style apartment building , and then we see it ... wedge between two of this grand building , a narrow , needle - like high - rise -- a sliver of a building , jarringly modern , bizarre in context ... as we pan in the rain , we get the sense of a city nearly abandon , still ~~ but hauntingly , forebodingly still . we zoom closer to this sliver , closer , closer , and then we be inside the lobby . int . the lobby in the f.g. , a workman -~ Hispanic , in he 40' -- be up on a ladder , work on a light . in the b.g. , two uniform security guard sit at a bank of screen . we see the small , black and white screen . they show corridor and doorway . in the £.g. , the Worker look at the light . he stare . a beat , and then he smile . in the b.g. , we see the security screen suddenly lose they picture , replace by electronic snow . security guard # 1 Jesus , not again . security guard # 2 this system be fuck , man . they start nitting button . in the f.g. , the Worker come off he ladder , take it , and head for a elevator . in the b.g. , the security screen be still fill with snow . security guard # 1 should we call ? {continued ) continued : security guard # 2 I do not know . security guard # 1 it 's probably just the damn rain . they hit other button . the workman stand at the elevator , wait . he look lose in he thought . the door open , he go inside with he ladder . int . the elevator he push the button . we see a security camera on the ceiling . the elevator ascend , creaking , slowly , and then it stop . he hit a button again . wo ga . again . nothing . the light suddenly go out . workman ( to himself ) shit . he hit the emergency button . nothing . he stand there a long moment . we hear creak from somewhere , a tapping noise . he get up on the ladder , go to the ceiling , remove the slot . he pull himself up . int . the elevator shaft the creak and tapping have stop . it be eerily still here . he adjust he eye to the light , hunch on top of the elevator . he stand up carefully . he hear a noise -- turn , startle . then he hear a loud whooshing sound , turn back , look up , scream . a large , iron object strike he .. in the split-second before it do , he see , and we see : High up in the shaft , on a perch , a vague , blurred image ... it look like someone in a blasx hood sweatshirt , faceless , spectral . int . the elevator - dawn it be in the lobby . we see blood on the side of it . the workman 's body , cover with a rubber sheet . detective , uniform policeman , forensic guy . ( continued ) continued : two detective lift the sheet , look at the body . a wornnlook , middle - age man come up behind they . he be lo. victor corelli . one of the detective see he . first detective vic . corelli look over the elevator , the body . first detective julio rodriguez , janitor . get stick , lose he cool , go up there . the pulley come down . he lose he head . literally . corelli stare . another detective they have have trouble with the elevator ever since they put up tne building . modern technology , right , Vic ? lt . corelli ( after a long beat ) you buy it ? pirst detective ( grin ) how much do it cost ? corelli look at he . lt , corelli ( after a beat ) we have get to get somebody in here . first detective {beat ) be you kid ? you be go to get a cop past they screen committee ? forget it , Vic . corelli look at he a beat , deadpan -~ then smile slowly . ext . the apartment build - day she walk in . a doorman hold the door for she . she 's a attractive woman , conservatively dress in a grey business suit , the kind of woman who , on a give day , could look either 30 or 40 . ( continued ) continued : she 's 36 . there 's a simplicity about she a quiet strength behind which be quick flash of undefine vulnerability . carla norris -- Carly so she friend . as soon as she walk in , a woman in she early 60' , very keep , nicely dress , come up to she . mrs . mcevoy , the manager . close to Carly now -- we see that she be wear a beautifully - hued crimson scarf that be not really in character with the grey suit . mrs . mcevoy Ms. norris ? carly ( smile ) I be sorry I be late . Midtown traffic , I will never get use to it . mrs . mcevoy I be Evelyn mcevoy . they shake hand . carly hello . mcevoy look she over assessingly , like what she see . mrs . mcevoy shall I show you the apartment ? carly please . mrs . mcevoy ( smile ) I like you scarf . Hermes ? she lead she toward the elevator . carly St. Laurent . I like Hermes , though . I have get a white scarf I really love . mcevoy look at she and smile . int . the elevator as it ascend . they be alone . the button to 20 be light . . ( continued ) continued : mrs . mcevoy where do you live now ? carly in the Village . mrs . mcevoy this would be quite a change . carly ( smile ) that 's partly the point . mrs . mcevoy have you grow tired of the Village ? carly I grow tired of my marriage . mrs . mcevoy ( after a beat ) on , I be sorry . carly ( smile ) I '' not . as they get out , mcevoy lead the way down the corri - dor , Carly , behind she , glance back at the elevator ~~ for just a flicker of a second . int . the corridor mcevoy be open a door , Carly behind she . mrs . mcevoy I hope you like height . carly I like look down . mcevoy look at she , see she smile . mrs. mcevoy ( smile ) good . so do i. int . the apartment mcevoy open the door . Carly step in behind she . there be a small foyer that open to the live room . the apartment be tasteful , airy . Carly stop , stare . ( continued ) continued : mrs . mcevoy Central air-condition , poggenpohl kitchen . Carly step into the live room , look around , then go to the window and look out . the view be over the lower building across madison . carly it love the view , mrs . mcevoy yes. it 's a ... bright place . she watch Carly look out . mrs . mcevoy what be it that you do , Ms. norris ? carly I be a editor at sutton . mrs . mcevoy oh. well . that sound fine . carly ( smile ) tt sound better than it be . I be underpaid and overworked and have too many writer who miss they deadline . she be walk around the live room , look at thing , then look at the glass ceiling dish , sculpt in Art Deco curve . carly what a terrific light . mrs . mcevoy be not it ? no expense be spare , really . snail I show you the rest of it ? she lead she quickly away -- take she into the 4itchen -- we see tan laminate , stainless steel , trim appliance . mrs . mcevoy great counter space . the rent be a bargain , consider . she take she into the bathroom -= we see chrome hard - ware , a large tub , another Art Deco dish in the ceiling , smaller than tne one in the live room . ( continued ) continued : carly ( smile ) I like the tub . mrs . mcevoy nsmile } yes . I like tub myself . and on into the bedroom -~- almost as large as the live room , freshly white , a wide window , a great view . Carly stare at the bedroom a long beat . mrs . mcevoy {after a beat ) it 's a nice room for ... read , be not it ? carly ( smile ) for read ? she turn to she -- carly yes , it be . mcevoy look at she as Carly head back into the live room , look around again . carly ( suddenly ) I will take it . mcevoy look at she a beat . mrs . mcevoy ( smile ) maybe you should think about it . carly ( smile ) I have think about it . I will take it . mrs. mcevoy ( after a beat ) be you certain ? - carly yes. ( she smile ) should not I be ? ( continued ) continued : mrs . mcevoy ( after a beat ; smile ) yes . of course you should . let 's go downstairs and fill out you application , shall we ? int . sutton publisber as she be walk down the corridor toward she office , a woman in she early 40' swoops down on she from one of the other office . judy mark , a little loud in clothes and manner . judy ( excited ) I have get two ticket for pavarotti Friday . — carly ( smile ) I do not want to go see pavarotti . I do not want to go to another opera as long as I live . nor the ballet . what do you want I to do ? meet another nice , charming man like David and realize seven year later that -- judy ( roll she eye ) oh , god-= - carly ( smile ) ~- I be bored shitless ? why do not you ever get ticket to ... she think -- she assistant , roxie , young , good - look , come up to she . roxie Tom 's wait for you in you office . Carly nod , turn to Judy . carly ( grin ) 'es the Red bot chili pepper . roxie ( grin ) all right -- I love the chilis ! ( continued ) continued : judy ( in disbelief ) the Red dot chili pepper ? be not ghey the one wno stance up there wear nothing but they guitar ? carly {to roxie ) tell he I will be right there ! roxie walk away . judy you be be a putz , you know . how be I go to meet any attractive man if I have to do it myself . you love pavarotti . carly ( smile ) I ama putz . I waste seven year . gudy will you stop it ? you be a vibrant , sensuous woman ready for new adventure , new horizon , new lover , new orgasm ~ - carly ( smile ) I remember that word . I have a faint memory of it . I have forget wnat it mean exactly . peter farris , man in he 40' , a company vice - president , tweedy , bald , step out of a office in front of she . she turn peter Carly -- judy putz ! <= hate you ! and go theatrically away . peter why be you a putz ? carly ( smile ) because I have a faint memory of the word " orgasm " but have forget what it mean exactly . ( continued ) continued : nsmile ) really ? should I find you a dictionary ? carly ( grin ) very funny , Peter . peter how be the brando book ? we be talk about move the pup date ~ -- carly Jesus , Peter , I have get Tom wolfe 's new novel and all you keep say be brando , brando , brando . give I a break . peter ( smile ) Tom 's not go to finish it until 2005 . meanwhile , we have get to stay in business with ... less literary effort . carly you want to know about brando ? T will tell you about brando -~- my writer do not know the difference between a semi~colon and a comma . peter be do not have to know the difference . what difference ? the only difference be a dot . all he have to do be give we the real skinny . be there a lot of real skinny ? carly ( exasperate ) yes , Peter , there be a lot of real skinny . peter ( grin ) you know , I think you have a special talent for elicite good , juicy gossip . : carly it must be my prurient Catholic childhood . ( continued ) continued : peter ( grin ; look at ner ) have you ever consider a prurient adulthood ? carly ( smile ) get I that dictionary . maybe one thing will lead to another . Peter smile after she as she get to she office . roxie Mr. parson call . he want to take you to lunch at the pour season . carly shit . that mean he 's not give I the raise . a beat , and she go into she office . Tom wolfe be sit there . carly nsmile ) do not tell I . you hate the new chapter and you be miss another deadline . wolpe {smiles} Lynn call you . she go to he , kiss he on the cheek , go behind she desk . carly she say the new chapter be sensational . you look terrific . wolpe I look like a man who 's be sit in a room all by himself stare ac paper for most of nis life . what do Lynn know anyway ? carly ( smile ) Lynn n2sbitt know everything ... you know that . wolfe ( smile ) you be right , she do . ( continued ) continued : carly can I see the new chapter ? wolfe ( smile ) well ... I be go to rework it a bit . carly ( roll she eye ) God , tom. ( a beat ) you know what I think we should do ? I think we should get Jann to publish it in chapter again like " bonfire " . wolfe ( smile ) very sly . you be assume Jann 's go to cajole I into finish it quickly . carly ( smile ) Jann ? cajole ? not at all . 1 . just know Jann 's go to be very happy the publish it . roxie come in . she pick roxie I be sorry . there 's a Mrs. mcevoy on line one . she say its very important . carly ( to wolfe ) I have get to take this . my new apartment . the phone up -- as she do , roxie chat with wolfe in the background . carly yes , Mrs. mcevoy . ( a beat ) already ? ( she smile ) no , not at all , I just do not think it would happen this fast . ( a beat ) iam very excited . thank you . {a beat} next week will be fine . ( continued ) 23 . continued : she hang up , sit there , iook lose in she thought a moment -- wolfe and roxie look at she . carly T get my new apartment . roxie you just look at it this morning . carly they approve it already . roxie this fast ? carly {after a beat ) I do not get it , either . a long beat . wolfe be not you even go to tell I where it be ? carly ( smile ) 1300 madison . wolfe ( smile ) madison -~ I like it -- spiffy , upscale -~ roxte ( disturb ) thirteen -hundre ? carly yes . what 's the matter ? wolfe narrow building , new -- carly yes . roxie . ( after a beat ) that death . I be not superstitious -~ weird , though . I remember the address . suicide , a 0.d. , a couple day ago , there be - this janitor in the elevacor -- ( continued ) a . continued : . carly I guess I do read something -- wolfe ( smile ) no wonder they approve you so fast . '' . Carly look lose in she thought . roxie dee not it bother you ? carly ( after a beat ; smile ) it 's get a great view . wolfe ( smile ) well , that 's what count . carly ( grin ) in New York ? that 's all that count . ( to roxie ) will you get Lynn for I and Jann Wenner at Rolling Stone ? ( to wolfe ) you be go to finish this hook before 2005 . wolfe ( beat ; smile ) that give I some time . ext . 1300 madison ~- day she be carry two carton of breakable . the doorman be help someone with suitcase into the cab she 's get out of . she be try to open the door herself ~~ not easy with the carton . a young man in he mid - 20 's open the door for she . he wear reebok , jeans , a tight pullover . he be clean - cut , very good - look . zeke hawkins . he smile at she -- he have a dazzle smile . carly ( casually ) thanks . she go to the elevator , hit the button . Zeke be suddenly there . ( continued ) continued : '' zeke somebody 's hold they . somebody 's always hold they , here , let I help you . be smile at she again . carly it 's okay , I can -- zeke come on , I have get two arm , they nre both empty . she let he take one , give he a slight smile . the doorman who be outside be there . doorman sorry I could not get the door for you , Ms. norris . carly that 's okay , -~ the mover should be here in a hour or so . doorman T will keep a eye out for you . carly thank you . be nod he nead ... a beat ... and he walk away . zeke ( smile ) he do not want the thank you , he want the tip . carly {slight smile ) well , he do not get the door for I , do he ? they look at each other a beat -- zeke ( smile ) be sure do not . a man in a hood grav sweatshirt come up to the elevator . we can not see he face very well . the hood be up and he be wear sunglass . the sweatshirt look sweat . he look to be in he 40' -= rawbone cheek , sandy moustache . { continued ) 36 . continued : zeke you move in today ? carly twenty B. zeke ( smile ) 13a . Zeke hawkins . carly {slight smile ) Carly norris . hi. they try to shake hand , can not because of the carton ~- grin a little . zeke ( smile ) hi. the man in the sweatshirt be watch she . she glance at he . he look away . the elevator door open . a dog shoot out , leash by a woman in a blue denim pants suit , sunglass . int . the elevator she carry the carton in -- Zeke come in behind she , touch the " 20 " and '' 13 " button . the man in the hood sweatshirt come in , touch " 9 " , face the close door . she glance he -~ see the rawbone cheek , the sandy moustache . zeke ( smile ) this ig heavy . let I take the other one for you . carly ( slight smile ) it 's fine . really . the elevator stop act " 9 " . the door slide open . the man in the hood sweatshirt go out . the decor close again , zeke ( grin ) I know the neighborhood real well . if you want the lowdown on store - ~ ( continued ) continued : carly how 's the market across the street ? zeke it 's okay . ( grin ) there 's a sloan 's on lex that 's * cheaper . carly ( grin ) thanks . they're at thirteen -- zeke ( grin ) I be not go to ask you again if I can take that up for you . ae carly ( grin ) good . do not . he give she the carton . the door start to close -- he hold it open with he hand . he look at she again , smile . zeke welcome to thirteen hundred . you will like it here . carly ( slight smiie ) I will . he smile at she a beat , still hold the door open . carly ( smile ) they be get just a little heavy . zeke ( grin ) - sorry . see you . a beat , and he get out . she smile . the door close . as the elevator ascend , she look around it -- and then at the ceiling . int . the market across the STREET - day she be shopping , she cart fill . a man in he 60' , carry a basket with hardly anything in it , be follow she , look at she . she see he , glance at he . he look nervously away . he be a weather - wear , qray-haired man in a safari jacket : gus hale . she push ner cart toward the check - out line , pick the short of the two . Gus hale come right behind she . carly why do not you go ahead of I ? you do not seem to have do much shopping . his basket have one item in it . Gus good idea . he seem nervous . Gus I be Gus hale . you be move in today , be not you ? welcome to 1300 , I be in 3 - B . carly ( cool ) thank you . be look at she a beat , sort of nod , and go out of the store . she look after he as the clerk ring she item up . ext . the store she be carry a big shopping bag . Gus hale be suddenly there . Gus I be sorry , I do not usually follow woman around . I be not a dirty old man , really I be nor . carly ( slight smile ) be you certain ? you could have fool I . cause ( grin ) sometimes I wish I be , but I be not . ( continued ) 19 . continued : carly ( slight smile ) why do you wish you be ? Gus ( grin ) because I be not and it 's boring . she laugh a little at that . Gus you just really look like someone . carly nsmile ) be it someone you like or dislike ? cause I like she a lot . what 's really strange be -~ she be in 20b , too . naomi Fischer . carly when do she move ? cause she do not . she jump out the window , they have be walk across the street . she stop few , look at he . Gus I be sorry . I do not mean to -- I have never have much goddamn tact . carly {after a beat ) when do she ... cause just before Christmas , about four month ago , I guess . between Christmas and New Year 's -- that 's the window season , you know . they be in front of the apartment house now . cause you know what ? I be go off to Japan . maybe when I come back , I ean €ill you in on all the gossip . ( continued ) continued : 20 , carly ( after a beat , smile ) the gossip in Japan ? I think all they do be work . gus ( smile ) they do ! not there -- the gossip right here in this damn building . it 's much more salacious . carly ( smile ) what be you do in Japan ? Gus work -~ what do you think ? I teach a course at nyu . Television . every aspect of it . soap opera , camera , camcorder . I be go over to look at the latest technology . {a beat ) how about it ? you like salacious gossip ? I make a great cappuccino , too . carly ( smile ) call I . have a nice trip . do not work too hard . Gus ( smile ) how can I call you when I do not even know you name ? carly ( smile ) , how do you know my number but not my name ? os the doorman . we doormen be spoiled . five buck only get you half the information . carly ( smile ) Carly norris . you must have like she a lot to spend five buck . { continued ) continued : Gus ( seriously ) I do . we be pal . she wave , head toward the door . a doorman we have not see before be there . he take she bag . doorman I be James . I be the evening doorman . welcome to 1300 , Ms. norris . carly ( smile ) why , thank you , James . she do not tip he . on the street , Gus watch she . he look disturb . int . ber apartment she open she door , bag in hand . there be carton and crate all over the place . she stand there , look at all of this unbelievable clutter , put the bag down . there be a antique brass telescope in front of she window . she go to the window , open it . she stand there , look straignt down , look at the ... drop . int . her apartment - night she be work . she take a long look at the live room . it do not look as cluttere . she look tired , wear . she go to ner CD player -- on the floor -- and put a cd in . as she head for the bathroom , it start to olay . it be josef suk 's idyl in fp minor , op. 7 ( the same romantic , naunt music we hear in the first scene ) . the bathroom be bright . she lower the dimmer . she turn the water on . she squeeze vitabath into it . she start to take she clothes off . she wear a flower pink bra and panty . she look at herself in the mirror , wear the bra and panty . Sne be a beauciful woman , but she look displease . Sne look at she stomach . there be the very slight bulge to she stomach . she tuck she stomach in , then iet it out . there igs hardly any difference . she clearly expect perfection . 22 . a_tv_ screen tt be a large screen , surround by other large screen ( the security screen in the lopby be smali ) . the other screen around it -- we see three or four -- be dark . we see she on che screen ... as she look at herself in she pra and panty , hold she tummy . the picture be in perfect color . we hear the music from she apartment . int . her bathroom she turn , take she bra and panty off quickly , step to the tub , get in . the tv_ screen we see she naked back as she get into the tub . int . her sathrocom she lie in the tub , cover with foam . she start page through vanity Fair . her foot come out chrough the foam now and then in the opposite corner . she blow foam from she breast -- leave , right , chill she hard nipple . she stop paging , stare at the magazine . we see what she be look ac . it be a calvin klein obsession ad . it be a full page photograph of a very well - build , very muscular , very attractive young man , nearly naked . she put she head back on the tub , the magazine in she leave hand . she close she eye and put she right hand into the water . she let the magazine drop to the floor , she eye close , she head back . she start to move , ever so slightly in the water , as she touch herself . the tv_screen she be touch herself , she head move slowly , langourously to the side and back . we hear the music from she aparsment and now we also hear ... it sound like a man breathing . int . her bathroom - and she head stop , she arch in the water , ner eye close , she mouth open . tee tv screen a long beat , and she sit up slowly , hunch over slightly , she head down and forward . ( continued ) 23 . continued : we hear the final , siowly tinkling note of the idyi in F minor ... and we hear what sound like a man' voice ... be it a clear of the throat ... be ita groan ? int . the four season - day she be have lunch with alexander parson , white - haire , distinguished - look , in he late 60' , the president of sutton . alex what do she do with she bad review ? do she do what they all do ? swear revenge and claim venal motive ? no . this be what she do . her son be a computer wizard , what I believe they call a hacker -- as he talk , she eye drift around and she see , sit up on the mezzanine , he profile to she , wear a expensive suit , the man with the rawbone cheek and sandy moustache whom she see in the elevator wear the hood sweatshirt . she stare a beat and the man turn to she and smile . jack landsford be in he mid - 40' , a attractive , vibrant man . she look away when she see he smile , look back at Alex . alex she and she son infect they computer bank with what I believe be call a virus . they file be be destroy -~ slowly , day by day , even as we speak , I suppose -- and they can not do anything about it . now that 's what I call revenge . he notice she eye drift off again toward the mezzanine . alex he 's a a attractive man , be a't he ? ( he smile ) I be happy to see that you be look . carly ( smile ) just because I be look , Alex , do not mean that I be look . ( continued ) continued : alex ( after a beat ) how be David this day ? carly ( after a beat ) he 's all right . alex nlook at she ) be you ? carly yes. look -- it be a very difficult decision for both of we -~- alex you make ' the decision , Carly - ~ carly that do not make it any less ' difficult . a beat , as they look at each other -~ - and then , to avoid each other 's eye , they look around and see Jack smile at she again -- she look away . Alex nod to he . alex I would be nappy to introduce you . carly ( smile ) I ask you for a raise , Alex and you cffer I luneh and a introduction . alex Jack landsford . shred of evidence . flesh and blood . Police procedurals . ae nas not write anything in five or six year , but he make so much off of flesh and blood , not do not have to . he 's get a ranch in Montana . speak of the devil . Jack be behind she . jack ( to Carly , grin ) hello , I be the devii . alex carla norris , { continued ) continued : jack nsmile ) hella . they shake hand . jack {to Alex ) one of you slave , no doubt . she prebably ask you for a raise and you bring she here instead . carly ( smile ) how do you know ? alex ( laugh ) T have be do it for forty year . - jack ( to Carly ) I like you perfume . be it obsession ? he smile . carly ( after a beat ) je re vien . I do not mean to stare -- I just think I see you in my apartment . jack ( grin ) damn . I be hope there be another reason . carly there be -- I do no : bring my glass . alex ( grin ) Carly 's a big fan of yours , Jack . she just love flesh and blood . carly ( smile ; to Jack ) sorry . I do not even read it . ( continued } 26 . continued : jack ( grin , co Alex ) she have not read I ? how can she not have read I ? everyone have read I . carly ( smile ) well , I have not . alex ( grin ) there you be , Jack . maybe she have better taste than I think . jack ( grin ; to Carly ) she will read I now , though . he say it to Alex , but he eye be on Carly . alex how do you know ? jack ( look at she ) because she have good taste . carly ( smile , look at he ) what if I do not like what I read ? sack ( smile ) you will . I know you will . how could you not with you good saste ? alex ( to Jack ) you have lose she now . she like be in control . jack ( smile , eye on Carly ) so do i. I will see you around the haunt house . and he go -~ she look afcer he . Alex leok at she . carly ( smile ) that 's very good , Alex . : ( more ) {continued ) 27 . continued : carly ( cont 'd ) it take I seven year to end a bad marriage and you say I like be im control . alex ( smile ) but you end it , do not you ? {a beat ) will you read he now ? carly absolutely not . a beat , and they both laugh . int . her apartment build - afternoon she get out of the elevator , head down she corridor , see a bunch of fat pink suitcase block she door and but open the door to 20a ~- the apartment across from she . she see a young woman on the phone . vida jordan be in she mid 20' , drop -dead gorgeous , modei-slim . she be on the phone . vida {into phone ) fuck both of you ! you say 700 for the shoot , Mike . ( a beat ) I know it 's not fuck vogue , so what ? she wave to Carly , who step in the door . vida ( on phone ) well , it 's you choice , I be hungry , I be jet-lagged , and I do not need this shit . gocdbye , Michael . she slam the phone down . vida ~ I be sorry , I '' go to get that right out of the way for you . ' tm vida . carly ( smile ) Carly norris . ( continued ) continued : vida come to the door , start move vida 28 . the suitcase . damn doormen , I really tip they well , too . carly everybody tip they well -- that 's why they be never around when you need they . [ ' 1ll help you . vida thanks . you be right . you see they at Christmas , they 's around like fly then . they start move the suitcase in . vida tnis guy be here . de leave for you . she reach for a brown envelope on a top fill with mail . vida you ali move in ? carly God , no -~ I hate it . vida should be this cluttere table I know , it 's such a pain in the ass . she stop , look at she . vida you look like -- carly I know , the woman who live vida here -- naomi . somebody already tell you . carly do you know she ? vida sort of , she be only here about a year . most of the time I Milan . ( more ) be in ( continued ) continued : . vida ( cont 'd ) goddamn ass -pinch italian , my butt 's permanently blue . I could not believe it , though . she do not seem like the type . carly be you here when she -- vida yeah . she come over to borrow some coffee the night before . I do not have any . maybe that 's why she do it . she smile . carly caffeine withdrawal -~ sure , that would do it to I , too . they laugh . they be finish lug the suitcase in , the phone ring again . vida my agent -- asshole , scumbag ! she pick the phone up . vida ( on phone ) just a goddamn second , okay , Michael ? she hold the phone , cover it , look at Carly , smile . vida ( quietly ) hey -- thanks . carly ( smile ) I will see you , she start out . vida ( smile ) you ever need any coffee or anything -- carly ( smile ) just make sure you do not ever run we . ( continued ) continued : vida laugh . int . her apartment - dusk she walk in , go to the kitchen , open the envelone . there be two paperback book inside -- shred of evidence and flesh and blood . a mote that we see say : " bedside read . I be in control . " it 's sign : " Jack . " she smile , hit she answering machine , look at the book . answering machine Carly , it 's Lynn nesbit . great idea . I talk to Jann . I think it 's go to work . she hit a button . answering machine it 's Jann Wenner , Carly . 1 know when I be be hold up . I have get my hand in the air . call I . she hit the button , smile a little . answering machine hi , Carly -- it 's Tom . I talk to Lynn and to Jann . you be a wick woman . she smile a bigger smile , hit a button . answering machine carla , this be Zeke hawkins . I met you in the lopby . if you need anything , if you need any help with anything , I have dot some oull with the manager . personally , Mrs. mcevoy scare the shit we of I . my number 's 456-3126 . she smile . answering machine Carly , this be David . it be a older man 's voice ; he sound depressed and speak haltingly . she listen , sadness in she eye . answering machine I do not mean to bother you . { more ) { continued ) continued : answering machine ( cont 'd ) I know you be busy ... and I know this be final .. , I just ... just let I know how you be do ... please . she stand there a long beat and then reach for the phone . she stop a beat , then pick it up and diais . carly ( on the phone ) hi. ( a beat ) no , no , it 's okay . ( a beat ) I be fine , thank you -- really I a . the tv screen we see she on the screen , talk to David on the phone ~- we see the other large -size screen , dark , around the one we see she on . carly it be the right decision , David . come on , you know it be . ( beat ) I miss you sometimes , too , David . we see how difficult the conversation be for she . the sound suddenly die and the screen next to it come alive ( by remote control ) . we see vida on the phone . vida owrite it down ) room 672 at the ritz carlton , get ik . ( a beat ) have I see he before ? {a beat ) be you sure he 's straight ? ( a beat ) they all say they be sheik . the sound suddenly die and the screen next to it come alive . we see the woman who come out of the elevator with the dog , the woman in she late 30 's who be wear - ing the denim pantsuit -- jackie kinsella be with she husband , martin , who look to be in he early 40' . she look very upset and be cry . ( continued ) 32 . continued : jackie you promise I ! goddamn it ! you give I you word ! martin I do not do anything . jackie do not lie to meet at least do not do that ! I find they in you coat pocket ! she throw two rubber at hin . martin ( after a beat ) she do not mean anything to I . you know that . it 's just ... they be both very upset now . a pause . jackie ( quietly ) I know what it be . ( a beat ) I can not compete with she , marty . it be a moment of profound intimate drama between this two people . martin {in pain ) no one 's ask you to . I love you . ie 's just that ... 1 have need that ... jackie ( quietly ) that I can not satisfy anymore . she start to cry uncontrolledly . de put he arm around she tenderly . the sound suddenly die and the screen next to it come alive . we see a owlish , heavyset man speak into a hand~held tape recorder . he sit in a de : medicai certificate be all over the wall . or _ palme . dr . palme ( dictating ) he like game and danger , court it . he 's sociopathic , a great danger to woman . ( more ) {continued } 33 . continued : dr . palme ( cont 'd ) his defense system be extraordinarily develop , a acute schizophrenia , non-paranoid , classic cekyil and hyde syndrome . the sound die and the screen next to it come alive . it be Gus hale , the grey2haire man Carly meet at che market , on the phone . Gus ( into phone ) what about the appointment with takata in Kyoto ? {a beat} seven-thirty Monday ? ( a beat } I will do it anytime they will . ( a beat ) I have to see they . they be state of the art . the sound die and the screen next to it come alive . it be Carly again , on the phone . carly ( smile ) personally , Mrs. mcevoy scare the shit out of I , too . thanks , though . a beat , as she stand there and then she almost blurt its carly listen , I be have some friend aver when i get everything straighten out . if you be not do anything -- she look nervous . the sound die and the monitor next to it come alive . we see vida Jordan , in fron= of she bathroom mirror . she be put lipstick on . she wear black bra and panty , very frilly , and a black garter delt . she step back , look at herself , deadpan . a beat , and she lower she head to the sink . we see three line of cocaine chere . she snort the coke . at the same time , we see Carly on the next screen . she sit down and be read shred of evidence . and we see vida look in the mirror again . ( continued ) continued : vida ( quietly , to mirror ) you be such a slut , vida . we see the twa image simultaneously ... and we near a man 's laugh . ext . central park - early morning she be jogging . there be few other people around ; a early morning mist . jogging toward she on the path , out of the mist , be a man in a black - hood jogging suit , the hood up . she watch the figure as it get closer and closer -- he be wear sunglass -- and at the last moment he veer to she suddenly and grab she . she swing at he , very scared ~- and he let she go immediately . he pull the hood down -- it 's Jack landsford , carly ( angry ) do you think that be funny ? I do not think that be funny . you scared the ... jack ( grin ) eo the shit out of you , { the grin go ) I be sorry . it be not funny . it be a dumbass thing to da . really . I be sorry . she look at he , jack ( grin again ) can we start all over again ? carly ( still angry ) what for ? I do not see che point . she look at he , then start to run again . jack do you get the book ? carly yes . a beat ; they keep run . ( continued ) 35 . continued : jack so. do you read they ? carly no. jack yes you do . you can not fool I . she look at he a beat , keep run . carly I read a few page of one of they . jack you read ‘em both . you could not put they down . be I right ? tell I I be right . she look at he again . carly {after a beat ) you be wrong . jack ( grin ) you do not like sex and violence ? Te sell , you know . carly it busy ranch in Montana , that 's for sure . jack ( grin ) you have be check up on I . I like that . she stop , look at he . sack thank you . carly for what ? jack ( grin ) for stop . he try to catch he breath . ( continued ) 36 , continued : jack I be out here to meet attractive new people . carly I '' not . she start run again . de try to keep up . jack how about gossip ? about marlon brando for instance . do not that sell ? carly you have be check up on I . [ do not like that . jack I hear you be very good with tell - all . that 's what happen when you have be marry to a much older man . you like good , juicy talk . carly ( casually ) puck you . jack ( casually ) would you like to ? I can make myself available . she stop , look at he , piss -- carly listen -- jack ( erin ) it 's the Kansas part of you . midwestern propriety hide layer of small - town dire . carly how do you -- jack ( grin ) ~- know you be from Kansas ? it 's you accent . carly I do not have one . ( continued ) 37 , continued : and she starc to run again . jack I 'ma writer , <= have a very refine ear . it overhear everything . people tell I they secret . I just take note . will you tell I you secret ? carly I do not have any secrec . jack ( grin ) oh yes you do . she stop , look at he . carly ( after a beat ) what secret do I have ? jack ( grin ) I will never tell . she start to jog again . he slow . jack T can not keep up with you . carly ( smile ) no , you can not . he stop ; she keep go . as she jog away , he watch she and smile . and then he smile be suddenly go and he stare after she . ext . 1300 maoison she be walk back in she jogging suit , sweat we . she see police car in front of the building , news van , she stop , look at all this people , then start head inside , try to get tnhrougn they . she be jostle , surround . carly Excuse I . she be try hard to get through as camera and reporter now turn on she .. ( continued ) continued : the reporter ( overlap ) do you live here ? do you know Mr , hale ? wnat apartment be you in ? how do you feel about all this accident here ? do you know this be the sorror highrise ? she 's surround , bewilder , trap ~- a doorman rescue she . the doorman come on , let the lady through here ! get the hell out of here . int . 1300 - the lobby she be inside . the lobby be fill with policeman , other tenant , people we have see before thac she do not know -- we see Mrs. mcevoy talk to Lt. Victor corelli . she see Zeke hawkins , go to he . she look bewilder , upset -- carly what be -- zeke the guy in 3 - B . hale , I do not know he . carly what -- be he -- Jack landsford be there with they suddenly , still wear - ing he jogging suit . jack Dead meat . they find he in the shower . hot water run . poached , I hear . Gus hale , some kind of prof -- he see how disturb she look . jack do you know he ? carly TI just meet he . but how , he -= ( continued ) 39 , continued : . zeke somepody say he slip in the shower , hit he head . jack ( grin ) just another grisly accident -- '' tell you it be a haunt house , do not I ? Lt. corelli leave Mrs. mcevoy and come over to the three of they . lt . corelli be you all resident -- oh yeah , I meet you people before -- I do not know you , miss . carly I be carla norris , twenty B. lo. corelli {after a beat ) twenty-b? carly ( after a beat ) yes . a beat ; corelli take a long look at she . lt . corelli do you know Mr. hale ? carly I talk to he -- lt . corelli what do you talk about ? carly not much , really . he say he be go to Japan . and he talk about -= about naomi Fischer . lt . corelli what do he say about Ms. Fischer ? carly nothing , really . he say they be friend . he say I look like she . lt , corelli you , do . ( continued ) 40 . continued : Lt. corelli look at she a long beat , then ~~ lt . corelli thank you . ' I will probably speak to aii of you later . and he go off to talk to some other policeman . jack ( grin ) I love this place . this place be great . I do not have to go anywhere to do research . it 's all rignt here . every couple month or so there 's a new body -- it 's like turn the page . zeke I do not think that 's funny . lt . corelli Mr. landsford . jack ( to Carly ) nobody appreciate my sense of humor today . and he go over to talk to Lt. corelli and the other policeman . Carly stand there with Zeke . she look very disturb . zeke I '' sorry about ail this happen . Jesus , you just get here . fshrug } he just seem .:xe a nice man . she turn slowly away , head for the elevator . zeke I get you message . thanks . I '11 be there . Sne nod to he , lose in she thought . as she head toward the elevator , she see Mrs. mcevoy stare at she . a beat , as they look at each other . and then Mrs. mcevoy come to she . ( continued ) continued : mrs . mcevoy ( after a beat ) be everything all right , dear ? she look ac mcevoy , in disbelief at the timing of the question . she nod . mcevoy smile . she get on the @levator . as she do , she see Zeke behind mcevoy , grin to she about mcevoy , shaking he head . int . her apartment she walk in . the wind be whipping through the place . the window in the live room have fall off che hinge . the curtain rod be break . int . her apartment - day she stand there as dmitri , the Russian janitor , in he 40' , overweight , a heavy accent , be fix the window . dmitri so sorry , miss . window loose -- bad screw . Mrs. mcevoy , she say -- you take extra special care Ms. norris , make sure everything perfect . carly she tell you that ? dmitri yah . she say . carly when ? dmitri all time . all time perfect . carly no . when do she tell you ? dmitri before move in . she say -~ omicri , make extra special perfect for Ms. norris . carly ( after a beat , smile ) she do that with all the new tenant . ( continued ) 42 . continued : omitri no . only other -- one other . she say same . carly ( after a beat ) who ? omitri Ms. fischer. {a beat ; he smile ) window fix . everything perfect . carly ( after a beat , disturb ) thank you . he smile , wave , and be go . she turn to the window , look disturb . she look at she brass antique telescope . it have be jarre askelter by tne window . she lean down into it to make sure it work . it have be tilt down . the telescope she be move it around . we see police car still there , news van ... and then we see , across the street : Jack landsford , talk to a woman . she have she back to we . we can not see she face . he be give she money , look around . she take the money and then she turn and we see she face . it be yida Jordan . she walk away from Jack . int . her apartment ~- day she be in the shower , let the water beat she . the tv screen we see she aak , toweling herself off , we near a man 's oreathing . on the next monitor now , we see water come froma shower . it be spraying on a man on the snower floor . he lie in a pool of blood in thick steam as the water from the shower keep spraying . it be Gus hale . we see the two simultaneous image next to each other : Carly toweling off and the water mixing with the blood around Gus dale . and we hear the man 's breathe . ext . public library - next day she walk in . int . public library ~- day a librarian be help she . librarian I have the Daily News , the Times , and newsday . she hand she some microfilm . librarian you can use the booth on the far end . int . a microfilm cubicle she be sit at the microfilm machine . the microfilm screen she be flick through the page of the Daily News on the microfilm machine . we see the headline : coroner rule high -rise death suicide . she read the story . it be continue on a different page . she move the page , stop suddenly : we see it . the photograph of naomi Fischer , age 42 . she look eerily like Carly . . int . the microfilm cubicle she turn the machine off , sit there a long beat , stare . ext . the STREET outside the library she walk away from the library . she look disturb , lose in she thought . as she walk away , we see , behind she , a man ina hood sweatshirt , wear sunglass . the man watch she . we watch she walk away from bis Pov . and then he turn and we see he face . it be Zeke hawkins . int . 1300 she walk 44 . madison - the lobby - day in , see Mrs. mcevoy on the telephone at the security desk , go up to she . Mrs. mcevoy hang up when she get there . they look carly why do you tell the janitor to give I special treatment ? mrs . mcevoy ( smile ) I do that with all we new tenant . carly no , you do not . mrs . mcevoy ( after a beat ) I beg you pardon ? at each other a long beat . carly he say you only do it with I ... and naomi Fischer . mrs . mcevoy ( a beat ; smile } I make a special point of it with new single woman tenant . ( a beat ) I have be single all my life . 1 ! appreciate special little amenity , do not you ? Carly look at she , say nothing . mrs . mcevoy have he be give you extra special treatment ? carly ( after a peat ) yes , mrs . mcevoy ( smile ) good . that 's what he 's suppose to do . a beat , as they look at each other . ( continued ) 45 . continued : mrs . mcevoy ( smile ) if you ever have any problem , you know -- I be in 2a . 2 like company . carly ( after a beat ; frosty ) thanks . mrs. mcevoy ( smile ) anytime . and Carly turn and walk toward the elevator . Mrs. mcevoy watch she , reach for the phone , dial three digit . mrs . mcevoy ( a phone ) ' you have get a problem . at the elevator , Carly turn and look at she . mcevoy have she eye on she as she talk into the phone . int . her apartment ~ night her housewarm party be in progress . platter of nibble - food , michael feinstein and harry connick jr. and stephani grappelli on the CD . Alexander parson and Peter Harris and Judy Marks and roxie and vida Jordan be there with she . vida I just love marlon brando ! peter tell she about the cat ! carly you tell she abour =the cat . peter it 's you book ! carly I do not ask for it . peter you do not resist editing it . carly oh , yes , I do ! ( continued ) continued : alex nsmile } not very convincingly . vida ( laugh ) will someone tell I about the cat ? peter he use to take this cat -- and he would put they into a boot -~ you know , head first , and then he would ... vida ( loud , excited ) what ? be you kid I ! marlon brando ? alex ( smile ) it 's a old Russian peasant thing custom , very popular historically . vida ( loud ) be that true ? marlon brando ? come_on . peter ( laugh ) he 's a public figure . it do not matter if it 's true . judy it matter if it 's juicy enough . alex it matter if it sell , my dear . vida ( shocked ) that 's terrible . it 's not fair . carly it be terrible , it 's the last tell - all I '' do , Alex . peter { laugh ) I think she protest too much , Alex , do not you ? they laugh at she . someone ring the doorbell . she go to the door , open it . Jack landsford stand there with a bottle of champagne in hand . ( continued ) continued : 47 , jack I hear there be a party in progress . carly I do not remember give you a invitation . jack T have a nose for party in progress . carly ( slight smile ) I just think you have a very refine ear . jack T have a very refine nose , too . I also have a bottle of cristal . he hold the champagne up . judy {behind they ) cristal ? I like he already . what a gorgeous man . carly he 's not a gorgeous man -- sometimes he 's a real asshole . jack {to Carly ) be that a invitation ? Carly smile . judy ousher he in } come en in , honey . you hold and I will pop . jack ( grin ; to Judy ) now that 's definitely a invitation . - carly ( to the room ) Jack landsferd -- this be Peter , roxie , Judy -= you know Alex and vida . ( continued ) 48 . continued : vida ( shake he hand ) hi. I be vida Jordan . jack ( smile ) hello . Jack landsford . Carly look at they shaking hand . she 's see they together on the street , yet ... carly ( after a beat ) I be sorry . I think you two know each other . zeke {behind she ) gi . she turn , see he stand at the open door . he be casually but elegantly dress : he look great . de have a bottle in hand . carly ( smile ) hi. I love that sweater . be that a missoni ? zeke ( smile ) yeah , thanks . I love missoni . judy ( behind they ) be that cristal , too ? she be work on open the cristal with Jack . zeke ( grin ) California red . judy ( with some other ) booococcoae . zeke laugh with the other . int . the party - later shift cluster of people in the kitchen , in the live room . Zeke be sit at the counter , paging through a magazine . we see it be vanity Fair . we see a single key near the magazine . ( continued ) 49 . continued : there be people talk in other part of the kitchen . Carly come over to he . carly be you okay ? can I get you something ? zeke ( smile ) I be fine . thanks . he look at she , smile , leave the magazine open . she see it be open to the calvin klein obsession ad -- the photograph of the well - build young man she be hold in the bathtub -- she show no reaction . zeke ( smile ) do I see you come out of the library yesterday ? carly T be do some read about this place . zeke ( smile ) hey , easy . you be go to start carry garlic and crucifix around . . carly ( smile ) garlic , maybe -- I be not very big on crucifix anymore . do you know naomi Fischer ? zeke I bump into she a couple time . carly I wonder why she do it . zeke I do not know . I read something in the paper about some boyfriend trouble . Jack be suddenly there . he rest he hand on the counter near the magazine ( and the key ) . jack T never hear that . ( more ) ( continued ) 50 , continued : jack ( cont 'd ) I hear it be just good -old , boring " I Love New York " depression . it 's a wonder everybody do not jump . he look at the magazine open to the nearly - naked well - build young man , the obsession ad . jack what be you two do -- look at the jackoff ad together ? zeke ( grin ) what ? jack that 's what this thing be . hoth man and woman get off on they -- which one of you be look at it ? zeke ( grin ; to Carly } what be it with this guy ? carly ( smile ) he 's just be a asshole , again . jack ( grin ; to Carly ) you know that 's really a abuse term . not a self - abuse term , a abuse term . why be that word so pejorative ? we have all get one , so.ee they shake they head , laugh . from the live room , almost in a scream , they hear -= - . roxie ( 0.s. ) oh my God ! they go to the live room . they see roxie at she big brass telescope , look out , some of the other huddle around she . roxie ( hushed ) I do not believe it ! they be do it ! there be laugh . ( continued ) continued : roxie ( look at they ) they be ! I can not believe -- carly { laugh ) let I see , _ Carly squeeze she out of the way , look into the telescope . carly they sure be . she laugh . it be a lusty laugh we have not hear from she before . the telescope we see a young man and woman make love . judy {behind she ) Carly ! let I see ! Carly keep watch . judy Carly ! will you please let I see ! Carly just keep watch . jack ( about Carly ) the woman be a voyeur . look at she . she can not get enough . Zeke be watch Carly , too -- a faint smiie . peter of course she 's a voyeur . why do you think we give she the srando nook ? Carly get up , turn -- ( Judy swoops down on the telescope ) , carly Tam not ! she 's blush . jack she 's blush ! ( continued } $ 2 . continued : they laugh at she -- she laugh with they . carly I dontt blush anymore -- I be too old to -- jack that 's why she have she telescope up here . she 's a peeper . carly come on , everybody 's get a telescope . jack ( grin ) I do not . zere ( grin ) I do . carly ( smile to Zeke ) thank you . vida I do , too . jack you people be all shameless . {a beat ; and then to Judy , loud ) will you please get away from there before they finish ? everyone laugh . int . the party - later Alex be look at a ceiling light . alex it 's beautifully do . I know a little about Deco . it 's very unusual , jack everything in the haunt house be beautifully do . carly who own this building ? ( continued ) continued : 53 . jack ( after a beat ) beat I . zeke I hear it be some law firm downtown . peter they be a false front . there be two old brownstone on this location . when they put this building up , my ex- wife be involved in the protest . carly somebody must know who own it . zeke somebody do , but we will never find out . carly ( smile ) T will bet I can find out . alex ( smile ) Lord , it 's more of she insatiable curiosity . some laugh . peter T suppose I can make some cail , if you really want to know . jack do not . we will probably find out it 's the mafia and we rent subport the cracx dealer . then what do we do ? move out ? zeke ( smile ) there you go . jack what you do not know can not hurt you . ignorance be bliss . alex ( smile ) now there 's a original think . ( continued ) continued : carly ( smile ) Jack 's book be full of they . jack sweet fuck Jesus , she 's really read they ! they laugh . int . the party - later Peter , Judy , and roxie be at the door , leave . carly ( to they ) Goodbye . thank you . she turn to Zeke , who be also leave . carly ( smile ) good night . thanks . thanks for the wine . zeke ( smile ) sorry about the California red . carly ( smile ) I like California red . he grin . a beat . zeke listen -~ do you ever work out ? there be a boyishness , a shyness about he as he ask the question . carly ( smile ) you mean -- exercise bike and -- zeke no , I mean the real thing . weight . flex machine . ' when 1 see you at the library yesterday , I be just come back from my club . do you want to go sometime ? { continued ) continued : ut uw carly ( smile ) me? with all ctnose perfect body ? no thank -- zeke ( grin ) you look great . carly ( smile ) I do not -- zeke yes , you do . come on . you would love it . how about tomorrow morning ? carly ( a beat ; look at he ) I can not . I have get to do my laundry , I have get to do some work -- zeke come on . you would love it -- you would . carly they have probably get mirror all over the place -~- zexe ( grin ) there be not any mirror . carly that place all have mirror -- zeke {grins } no mirror . I promise , ten o'clock . how about it ? she shake she head a little , look suddenly undecided -- he smile she turn there . zeke I will call you . a dazzle smile and be go . a beat , and back , see that Jack be the only one sit jack well , I guess it 's just you and I , hun , babe ? ( continued ) continued : he look like he 's have a little too much to drink . she look at he , smile a thin smile . carly geed night , Jack . jack ( grin ) be not you glad that I come -- even if I be not invite ? you know what I can do ? I can reappear shortly with another bottle of cristal . you and I can get down on the floor and become fodder for somebody 's telescope . carly ( smile ) I be not much on floor . good night , Jack . jack porget the floar -- I will get the cristal and we will adjourn to the bedroom like nice , proper mature people . she almost push he , smile , out the door . carly good night ! jack no good night kiss , no -- and she do push he out the door , close it , still smile . she turn , stand there a long moment , look at the room . there be drink glass and food trays everywhere . int . ber apartment - later ( night ) she take some dish out to the kitchen : sne have clear most everything up . she go to the window and be about to close the curtain . a beat , and then she lean down and look into the telescope . she telescope she look at the same window where she see the young couple make love . the window be dark . but she see there , gleam , another brass telescope . it seem to be aim right at ner , $ 7 . int . her apartment she step back from the telescope , stand there a peat , and close the curtain . the tv_ screen only this screen be light ; the other around it be dark . we see she go to she phone . she dial . carly ( on phone ) Peter , hi , it 's Carly . I really would like you to make that call about this place . thanks . I will talk to you tomorrow . the tv screen suddenly go dark and we screen go dark . a long beat . and then one screen after another come alive with the SOUND of each one . we see the scope of this for the first time . there must be a hundred screen here in big bank . we see quick image of people we have see before in the building -- some be talk , some be asleep , some be make love . we see neither Jack nor Zeke but they may be one of the people asleep . when they be all on , it sound like a cacophany of sound , bedlam . we see image magnify , focus upon , superimpose . the feel we get be of some ' surreal light show . as the SOUND on all this be turn higher and higher , almost deafen we , we suddenly hear pierce , tear - your-spine out music -- the SOUND of industrial ~- nine inch naiis do " head like a hole . " and then , suddenly , the screech of the music stop , all the screen go dark , all the sound be mute and we screen be dark and silent . int . the laundry room - morning Jackie kinsella , the woman in she 50' we see with she young husband earlier , be there , finish ner laundry . she wear a robe , look tired . Carly come in with she laundry . she wear jeans and a sweatshirt . - carly ( brightly ) good morning . ( continued ) continued : jackie ( flat ) what 's good about it ? {a beat ) I hate do they damn underwear ! I hate do he damn underwear ! there ought to be a law against do they damn underwear ! carly ( after a beat , smile ) do not do it . let he do it nimself . Jackie look at she a beat . jackie how old be you ? carly {after a beat ) I be 36 . jackie what do you know ? wait till you be my age . then you will know . and you will do the underwear . and she gather she thing and be go . Carly look after she . a beat , and she start put thing in the machine . she start the machine . she sit down , put she glass on , take a book from a bag . we see it be Julia Phillips 's you will never eat lunch in this town again . the machine whirl . and the tights suddenly go we . she sit there in the darkness a beat . get up , try the light switch -- nothing . the machine keep whirling . it sound louder , grate in the darkness . she go to the door , turn the knob . tt will not open . she try the door again , ioox at it . it will not open . carly hello ? can somebody hear I ? we hear the grinding cl the machine . she stand look at the door ... and as she look at it , the knob turn . ' somebody be outside . a beat , and she go to the knob , turn it -= - nothing . { continued ) 59 . continued : as the machine grind , she hear what sound like breatbing . she look suddenly frighten . carly be somebody out there ? she hear the breathing again and then the macnine slow to a stop . it be very quiet now and she hear the breathing acain . she see the doorknob turn again , and , very frighten now , she back off against a wall , she eye huge . a long beat , as the breathe stop , and then she go to the door again , slowly , put she hand on the knob , turn it -- it suddenly open -- and she fling the door open and hurl herself into the dark corridor wildly -- and run into someone -~ a hood , sweatshirt figure -- she scream -~ and the light suddenly go on ... and she see that it 's Zeke . zeke what 's the matter ? Jesus , be you okay ? she hold onto he -- she be shaking . zeke what 's go on ? what happen ? he step quickly to the laundry room door , open it , look in . there be mo one there . he go back to she , put he arm around she , hold she . zere ( firm ) Carly . it 's okay . it 's okay . what happen ? she be try to settle down . carly the light -- I could not get the door -- I think I hear someone . se hold she close . zeke ( firm ) come on -- you be hyperventilate . there 's nobody here . ( continued ) 60 . continued : still hold she , he try the doorknob . zeke it must have jamme . I ' ' 11 tell the janitor . I go up to you apartment , I figure you be do you laundry -- he hold she . she be still shaking . zeke settle down , it 's okay , Carly . come on , all this haunt house shit be get to you . she look at he , she arm around he , very close to he . carly thank you . int . he club - day it be upscale , but fill with the serious , not the casual exerciser . they walk in . we see people work out on machine , most of they he age , people in perfect shape . there be mirror all over the wall . carly ( look at he , smile ) liar . you be such a liar . I do not believe you . zeke ( laugh ) huh ~- Jesus , they must have put some mirror in here . carly ( laugh ) overnight , rignt ? zeke ( laugh ) the dress room 's over there . carly ( smile ) you con I into this . zeke { laugh ) it will be fun . trust I . ( continued ) a ke continued : she look at he a beat . zeke ( sériously } you okay ? you sure you want to do this ? carly {after a beat ) no . a beat , and she turn and walk toward the dress room . he look after she and smile . int . the club - later she come out of the dress room . she look pale and out of place with this oile and tan body -- but she look beautiful . she see he work out on a machine . he do not see she . he be flex he buttock and thigh . his body be sweat . ir be the perfect body -- muscle ripple he back . he be tan . she stare at he body . he swivel on the machine , flex , see she stand there look at he . he flexe he thigh again . they eye be on each other as he flexe . a long beat , and he stop , smile at she . zeke you turn . carly ( smile ) I can not do that . zeke T will teach you . come on . he put he hand out to she . a beat , and she take it . int . the club - later she be stand on the machine , flex she buttock . zeke that 's it . good . do not arch you back . she flexe again , take care to use all she musc 'e . zeke good . really good . you have get a great butt . ( continued ) 62 . continued : she give he a look , keep flex . zeke ( laugh ) you do . carly ( strain ) no one have ever say that to I . zeke the wrong people have be iook at it . she turn to he , see he grin , turn away , keep flex , carly ( gtin ) that 's true . he smile . int . the club - later she be on a machine that be building up she stomach muscle . zeke you do not want to pull you back . here . I will hold you . he go behind she , hold she around the middie as she lower she stomach and raise it . carly I hate my stomach . zeke you be crazy . do not you ever look in the mirror ? that 's right -- T forget : you have get this thing about mirror . carly ( smile ) I do look in the mirror . that 's why I hate my stomach . zeke ( grin } what do you do == turn the light down so you can not see ? she look at he . ( continued ) 63 . continued : zeke ( simply ) it 's a nice stomach . she stop exercise , look at he . carly liar -- I already know you be a liar . zeke ( grin ) how about a nice long walk ? carly God , he want to kill I . zeke ( grin ) no , I do not -~= I be not do with you yet . she look at he . carly ( smile ) what have you get in mind ? he look at she a beat , smile . zeke a walk . carly ( after a beat , smile ) bow about a nice slow walk ? he look at she sweat body . she see the look . zeke ( smile ) deal . ext . fifth avenue - day they be walk down the street . carly how often do you work out ? zeke Three , four time a week . I be hungry -- be you hungry ? ( continued ) 64 . continued : carly how do you make time ? zeke I work at home . Computers . I 'ma free lance programmer . I do consulting for a lot of different company . you think you be too old for I , do not you ? carly what ? she laugh a little . zeke you do , dontt you ? he stop , look at she . a beat ; she do not know what to say . they have stop near a hot dog stand . carly ( finally ) no . I be not think about it . zere ( casually ) liar . yeah , you be . you be mut . you be not . let 's get a hot dog . he turn to the vendor . zeke ( to Carly ) how do you want yours ? — a beat -- she seem take aback by he . carly I do not eac hot dog . they be too fatten . zeke ( casually ) do not worry about it . you be beautiful . if it be not break , do not fix it . she look at he . zeke ( to the vendor ) four please , with the work . ( continued ) 65 . continued : carly ( laugh ) four? zeke ( laugh ) four . he look at she . int . 1300 - the lobby - day they walk in , head toward the elevator . carly ( smile ) thank you . that be fun . really . she look self - conscious . zeke ( smile ) really fun or really fun ? do you e@l like a beer ? I feel like a beer . carly ( after a beat , suile ) T really have to work on my book -- I be editing Tom wolfe 's new novel . zeke ( grin ) I have get some great beer . you ever have pilsner urquell ? [ t will knock you sock off . how can you have a hot dog without a peer ? carly do you know how many calory -- zeke you already have two hot dog . what difference be a beer gonna make ? fuck Tom wolfe . Carly look at he , then laugh . carly you be evil , ( continued } continued : she look she look they look they look elevator , zeke ( smile ) yeah , I be . just one side of I , though , the other 's nice . at he a beat . carly ( smile ) really ? zeke ( grin ) would I lie to you ? at he a beat , shake she head , smile . carly you probably do not even have any beer up there . [ it 's probably just a ruse . zeke ( smile ) a ruse ? what would I need a ruse . for ? at each other a long beat . zere ( smile ) oh , that . ( a beat ) naw , I have get a whole fridge full . carly ( seriously ) what if I do not like beer ? zeke ( casually ) you will like pilsner urquell ? carly ( seriously ) how do you know ? zeke ( after a beat ; seriously ) how do I know ? {a beat ) I know my beer . at each other a beat . as they head for the smile , we see Jack landsford near the security desk -- he be on he way out with a suitcase . 67 . int . he apartment it be eclectic 's -- some thing in chrome , brass , some Deco , and some arty -- we see a collection of prightly - color indian mask from the Pacific northwest . she be in the live room look at a bronze scuipture of what look like a mountain . we suddenly begin to hear the open note of josef suk 's idyl in F minor , op . 7 . she listen . he come out of the kitchen with two bottle of pilsner urquell . carly be not that -- zeke kubalek . I see he at Carnegie Hall . De you like it ? carly I love it . I have it . {a beat } you do have the beer . zeke ( smile ) I tell you it be not a ruse . carly ( smile ) what be thar ? she indicate the bronze sculpture . zeke it 's a volcano . they sip they beer . zeke I have always love they . I tant to fly into one sometime . carly why ? zeke - ( grin ) I do not know . it sound exciting . they be close to each other , they eye on each other . zeke . ( smile ) do not it ? ( continued } 68 . continued : carly {after a beat ) yes . a.beat , as they look at each other , and then <- carly I should ge . they look at each other . he lean down and kiss she lip very gently . carly ( smile ) I think this be not a ruse . zeke ( smile ) it be not . I tell lie that be not lie and use ruse that be not ruse , he put he hand into she hair , lean in again . she turn slightly away . carly please . I really have to -- he kiss she softly again , reach around behind she , hold she butt . zeke ( in a whisper ) I want you . he try to kiss she again . she pull away . carly I -- do not -- zeke ( in a whisper ) yes , you do . be run he hand under she sweatshirt and uxxss she again , with more intensity . he hold she breast . she put she head back , sigh . he be feel she nipple under the sweatshirt . he kiss she neck , lick it , thei move toward she ear . carly ( in a whisper ) Zeke , please . ( continued ) 63 . continued : zeke , ( in a whisper ) you be so beautiful , Carly . he lower she to the carpet . they be near a window . carly {in a whisper ) I be not . zeke ( in a whisper ) yes , you be . he start to take she sweatshirt off . carly ( in a whisper ) please . not here . they can see . zeke ( in a whisper ) I want to see . re take she bra off and start to kiss she breast . he start move down she body . he take she jeans off as he do . he take she panty off . he start lick she neck . zeke ( in a whisper ) iowant to see you . he reach she stomach and kiss it . she hold he head and , as he go lower , she head start to move back and forth . the tv screen we see they on the floor . he raise she leg as he move lower . the other monitor be dark . int . he live room he be inside she ... move very slowly ... she move ner head from side to side ... he reach under she , digging into she cheek ... she hold he hair , pull he close ... kiss he with great urgency ... as he move harder ... harder ... she start to moan . zeke ( in a whisper ) fuck I . ( continued ) continued : she move she head from side to side . zeke {in a whisper ) - fuck I . and she start to move she hip , harder , harder . zeke ( in a whisper ) you be so good , you be so good . and she move she hip harder ... harder ... grind against he ... moan louder now ... and she arch suddenly , cry out ... she mouth open ... he put he finger into she mouth . she hold the arch a long moment , suck on he finger , she eye close . a long beat , as he hold she like that ... and then he start to move inside she again ... siowly +.» she start to moan again ... he finger still in she mouth ... and then he start to move hard ... harder +.. she open she eye , close they , open they again as he move ... very hard now ... she bite down on he finger ... and they come together ... buck , writhe against each other . tre tv screen we see they on the floor , hold each other . the other screen be dark . and then , for the first time , we slowly pan around this room fill with tv screen . the wall be bare ... we see a tall , chrome and leather chair face the monitor . we see it from the back first . we can not see who be sit in it . and then we pan slowly until we see the chair ... it be empty . int . he live room she get up , pick the top of she sweatshirt up , go to the window , cover herself , and pull the curtain in . he watch she from the floor , naked , he head against the botcom of the couch . he smile . zeke what be you worried about ? you think someone be watch you like you watch they ? she turn , look at he a beat . he put he hand out . ( continued ) ~d nan continued : zeke come back down here with I . a beat -- she just stand , look at he . zeke ( smile ) please . a beat , and then she walk up to he . she stand over he , drop the sweatshirt . carly why ? so you can talk dirty to I again ? se get up , put he hand around she butt , pull she closer , zeke you like my finger in you mouth , do not you ? she say nothing , look he in the eye . zeke you like the taste of they , do not you ? they be look into each other 's eye , they face deadpan . a beat , and she put she hand on he shoulder . she dig she nail into he shoulder slowly . she watch he eye . he register no pain . she dig they in deeper , deeper . he grab she hair , hard , pull she mouth to he ... and kiss she aard . she keep digging she nail in . he pull she head back by the hair and kiss she neck . she look back at he . there be a trickle of . blood run down one shoulder . she look at it . a long beat . zeke ( in a whisper ) taste it . she look at fim a long beat , and then she lick at the bleed , move farther down he chest as she lower herself ... he stand there ... we hold on he face ... he eye open wide . 72 . int . he live room - dusk she be slump against he on the floor . he nas he arm around she . she get up , statt to dress . he watch she . she wear the flower pink panty . she look back at he , smile a ‘hin , know smite . carly I have to go . zeke {thin smile ) you just come , how can you go ? a beat , and she give he the thin smile again . carly witty . zeke ( casually ) it 's my building . I own it . tf ‘even help design it . she stare a long beat . he take she hand , hold it . zeke I hate lie . my dad run U.S. steel . I inherite a lot of money . I do not want to be bother with a lot of stuff just because I live here . so I do not let anybody know I own it . so now you know . he look at she , smile . he draw she close and kiss she stomach . we hold on she face a beat : she look disturb . she turn away , continue to dress . carly do you tell Mrs. mcevoy to give I special treatment ? zeke what ? no . she look at he . zeke ( smile ) I approve you application very fast , though . carly why ? she look disturb . ( continued } continued : zeke I see you in the lobby the day you leok at the place . my gland go bonker . you turn I on . he smile . she look at hima beat . carly you have I all plotted out . zeke ( after a beat ) you be the one who 's into plot al I the time . you be the book editor , not I . they look at each other a long beat -- he smile . zeke I just think I would like you a lot , that 's all . he see she look . zeke you be piss off at I . carly {after a beat ) do you think I would be this easy ? he get up , hold she . zeke no , but I think you would be this good . a beat , and then she suddenly dig she nail , hard , into the shoulder that be slightly bleed -~- she nail cut into it , we see more blood now . he wince , close he eye a beat . they look at each other a long beat ... and then she turn , and start to head out . zeke you be not easy . do not lie to yourself . you do not do anything you do not want to do . she stop a beat , do not look back at he , and be go . 74 . int . her apartment she walk in . she go to she answer machine . she look like she be in a daze . she put the answer machine on . the machine Carly , this be Peter . Alex be all over I about the brando book -- will you please work on it this weekend ? she hit a button . the machine this be Judy . where have you be all day ? I have be try to call you all day . something 's go on ! I can smell it ! you have probably be have multiple orgasm ! you have probably be fuck you brain out ! she stand there a beat , and then she smile slowly . carly ( smile , quietly ) yes , I have . the tv_screen we see she as she stand by the phone ... and then we pan behind the tall chair . we do not know if anyone be sit there ... and then we come around from the front ... and see he . it be Zeke . he smile at Carly on the screen . zeke good night . sleep tight . do not let the bedbug bite . a beat , and he shut she monitor off with a remote and flick another screen on . we see vida Jordan get ready to take a shower , undress . zeke ( smile ) hello , vida . he watch she -- as he do , he flick a switch -= and we hear the music , the thumping , pierce wail and bass of industrial -- pront 242 do '' welcome to the paradise . " 75 . int . her office - day she be read the brando manuscript ; she have she glass on. roxie come in . roxie Zeke hawkins ? on line one ? Carly do not look up . roxie bey -- be not that that hunky guy from you party ? carly ( without look up ) yes. {a beat ; she look up ) I be not in . roxie ( after a beat ) oh-kay . I see. ( she smile ) I wonder what you weekend be like . when roxie leave , she turn to she word processor . she start to type -~ it be a paragraph she be be - write from the manuscript about marlon arando . her screen suddenly go black . she stare at it , hit some button . nothing happen . [ it be still black . and then it come back on , but the screen be blank . the paragraph she be write be go . and then ... as she stare ... she seea word come across the screen . my ... shoulder ... hurt . she stare . do you ... have ... any ... body part ... that hurt ? she start to smile slowly . I ... miss ... you . i_can ... still ... smell ... you . and then the screen go blank again as she sit there , stare , smile . Judy Marks suddenly stand there , see she smile . ( continued } continued : judy you do look like you fuck you brain out ! look at you =~ what be you smile at ? that damn machine ? carly ( embarrassed , smile ) nothing . I be just smile , that 's all . she pretend to go back to she manuscript . juby tell I . I want to know everything ! every little grunt ! every little wiggle ! carly ( smile ) there 's nothing to tell , Judy . you have be spend too much time with you vibrator . judy who be he ? do I know he ? tell I . tell I ! carly mlaugh a little } you meet he . judy TI meet he ? and 1 do not pin he to the wall and ravish he ? and you get he ? now I '' piss ! ho ? carly ( laugh a little ) Zeke . you meet he at the party . judy ( after a beat ) that ... gorgeous ... young ... oh ny o I pate you ! how be he ? give I the goods . I want the goods ! be he ... insatiable ? f'll bet he 's insatiable ! they all be at that age . lead pencil , that 's what they be . I really hate you . God , I hate you ! Carly laugh -~ it be a delighted , girlish laugh . , ( continued ) continued : 77 . . judy I go off with the ether one for what I think be go to be a Basic instinct weekend and you be reloading the lead pencil . I must have do something terrible in my past life . carly you go off with -- judy Jack landsford , who 's not even a sharpen pencil , let I tell you . we go to montauk . we stay in a cabin . carly nsmile ) what happen ? judy nothing ! not a damn thing . the earth definitely do not move . it be not Basic instinct , it be sister Act . all he do be ask I about ou . you should go out with he -- just to find out for I if he 's even get a pencil . she start out . she look and she 's herself . judy {in mock anger ) one more thing . at Carly in mock anger , and then smile . judy you look abhorrently radiant this morning ! carly ( smile ) what be that word ? judy you hear I . abhorrently -= but in this case , I be not sure about the spelling . go . Carly sit there a beat and laugh to int . ber apartment ~ dusk she walk in . there be cut flower everywhere in ornate vase . she stare at this explosion of color a beat , then go to a vase , see a note , she open the envelope . we see the note . t say : " they smell like you . " it 's sign " Zeke . " there be a big , beautifully - wrap box there . she pick the box up , look at it . jack I will bet it 's something intimate ~- something lacey , a little on the whorish side maybe . she turn , startle . she see he sit in the shadow of the live room . carly ( hard ) how do you get in here ? jack the door be open . carly ( hard ) bullshit ! I have live in New York twenty year . I never leave my door open . jack you do this time . maybe the doorman do . {he smile ; get up ) maybe you be hope I would visit you . maybe he do not do enough for you -~ I do not know . he approach she , she back off toward the phone . carly I want you to leave . now ! he stop , see she be afraid of he . jack he have a affair with naomi Fischer . Ze glance at the note , on top of a table , open . de smile . ( continued ) continued : jack I wonder if she smell like flower , too . maybe you use the same spermicide , she reach for the phone . carly I '' call security . jack she be go to a shrink . she tell he about you boyfriend . the shrink tell the cop . carly ( after a beat ) he 's not my boyfriend . jack what the hell be he ? the neighborhood florist ? I see the two of you in the lobby -- you eye be roll around on the floor already . she pick the phone up , start to dial . he stop she hand . jack ( hard ) listen to I . the cop tell I . call le. corelli at the fifth siatrict -- call he -- ask he . carly ( after a beat ) why do they tell you ? jack ( after a oeat ) corelli 's a fan . he read my book . he ask I to nose around for they after that janitor die . you boyfriend own this building . do you know that ? T will bet he do not tell you that , do he ? thee tv screen we see they on the monitor . Zeke sit there , watch they , he face expressionless . ( continued } 80 . continued : carly yes , he do . jack ( smile suddenly } when ? over the weekend ? in the sack ? corelli find out on Friday . do you know how difficult it be for the cop to discover that ? the guy 's get more false front and high - power lawyer than Richard Fucking Nixon ! we see Zeke smile . int . her apartment jack they be onto he . they be check he out . do not you get it ? four people have die here in two year ! think about that ! carly they be accident -- what be you do , try to write another one of you cheap , tawdry thriller ? jack sure they be . four accident . oh , yeah . and with all four accident , the security camera short out just before somebody die . and the guy just happen to be a computer wizard -- which mean he 's a electronics freak ! carly and the security camera have never short out on day when nobody die , right ? jack sure they do . he 's not stupid . he be at the top of he class at Stanford . he would make sure they - short out on other day . de be set up he alibis . the tv screen we see they on the monitor . Zeke stare , a thin smile on he face . int . her apartment she and Jack look at each other a beat . carly ( quietly ) you know what I chink ? I think you can not write anymore and you be conjure up this melodramatic ¢zap to hide the fact that you can not . I be sorry for you , Jack , I really be . but , if I ever find you in here again , I be go to make sure that you be throw out of this building . Goodbye . he look at she a long beat . ' then he smile a thin smile . jack naomi tell the shrink he be great in the sack . that part 's true , be not it , Carly ? and he start to walk out . carly maybe if you write something again you would not spend long weekend in montauk just talk . he turn back , look at she . ' he look at she like he eould kill she and then he suddenly grin . jack puck you . carly not a chance . a beat , and he be go . she stand there a long beat . and then she turn and look at the room , at the flower everywhere . a long beat , as she stand there , think , and then she go to the beautifully - wrap package and start to open it . she unwrap it . she look and then hold they up . we see a frilly pair of black bra and panty -- they take exactly like the pair tiuat vida Jordan be wear earlier , her face be expressionless . the phone ring . she look at it . it ring again and again . she make no move to answer it . 82 . the tv screen we see she on the monitor look at the ringing phone . Zeke watch she on the monitor , a telephone in he hand . int . her apartment - night she lie on the couch , she eye open . the phone ring . it ring and ring . the tv screen we see she lie there as the phone ring . and ring . and she finally , slowly , get up from the couch and go to it . she stand there a long beat as it ring and then answer it . zeke ( smile ) be you hungry ? I be starve . ( we see this entire conversation from the monitor room . he be sit there with the phone ; she be on screen . ) carly ( after a beat ) I have already eat . zeke {smiles} liar . be you afraid of I ? carly ( after a beat ) why would I be afraid of you ? bo I look like I frighten easily ? she be look almost right at he on screen ; she eye on the Art Deco light in she live room . zeke ( grin ) well , I do sort of come on strong yesterday . carly {a small smile ) I sort of come on strong , too . : zeke ( smile ; after a beat ) you want to get some caviar ? { continued} continued : carly ( smile ) now ? zeke ( grin ) yeah . carly I be tired . zeke no , you be not . he watch she on the monitor as she stand with the phone in she hand . carly I really be . I be lie down already . she be , of course , not lie down . zeke ( smile ) you be lie there think about yesterday . carly ( smile ) you flatter yourself . zeke it be flatter to I to be with you . carly nsmile } liar . it will not work . he see she smile . zeke yes , it will . meet you downstairs in ten minute . carly ( smile ) I do not even have anything to wear . I never do do my laundry . zeke wear what I send you . ( continued } 84 . continued : carly you can not just manipulate I . zeke ( smile ) well , you can sure manipulate I . carly what do you mean ? zeke you get I to call you to ask you out for caviar . carly nsmile ) I do not do that . it 's you idea . zeke nsmile } but you be the one that put it into my head . ' carly you know what ? I be really not hungry . zeke yes , you be , you be starve . carly ( smile ) I be go to hang up on you . zeke ( smile ) do it . hurry . ten minute . a beat , and she hang up . she stand there , she face expressionless . ext . 1300 madison - night he stand outside ; he wear a armani jacket , tie . de look great . the doorman be hold a cab in the street . Zeke look at he watch , look impatient . she come out behind he . she wear a very nice , simple dress . she look terrific . carly ( smile ) do you think I be not come ? ( continued ) gs . continued : zeke ( smile ) no . I knew you want I to think you be not come . he step close to she . zeke ( smile ) you look good enough to eat . he kiss she gently on the lip . carly you be insatiable . zeke nsmile ) I be not try to hide it . I tell you I be hungry . how about you ? you get a appetite ? they look at each other a beat . _ carly yes , I have get a appetite . they look at each other a beat , eye glue . zeke ( grin ) see ? I tell you you do . int . petrossian - nigst they sit across from each other at a small table . very fear they . so close they can overhear , sit a very proper , very waspy couple in they 60' . the Old man sit on the same side as Zeke , so he be face Carly . waiter be you ready to order , sir ? zeke not yet , thanks . he look at she , smile , as she look art -e9r menu . waiter very well , sir . she look up at he , see he smile at she . ( continued ) continued : she look 86 . carly ( smile ) what ? zeke ( smile ) nothing . down at she menu again as he look at she . carly you like play game , do not you ? zeke I like play game with people who like play game . carly ( smile ) what game do I like play ? zeke ( a beat ; he grin ) scrabble ? carly I hate scrabble . I be awful at scrabble . I be good at poker , though . zeke so be I . you want to play ? carly ( laugh } now ? zeke now , the cop come to see I . they find out I own the building . they have get all kind of dumb question about the wiring . I nad a terrible day . I could not get any work do . carly ( after a beat , straight ) be we play poker now ? zeke {after a beat ; smile ) we be about to start . do you like the bra and panty ? the Old man , who have be talk to the Old woman , hear the question , glance at Carly , then away . ( continued ) 87 . continued : carly yes . she look up at Zeke , glance at the old couple . zeke be you wear they ? the Old man hear it , look at the two of they , stare at Carly . carly {after a beat ) maybe . zeke {after a beat ) I think you be . ( a beat : he smile ) show I . the qld man stare , look like he be have trouble with he food . carly {after a beat ) right here ? zeke {after a beat ) right here . the Old man whisper to he wife again -- the Old woman look at they now , too . a long beat , as Carly 's eye be on Zeke 's ... and then she unbutton a button on she dress . she lean forward . the Old man stop eat , stare . zeke {after a beat ) I be short -sighted . I can not see . a beat , and she open another button . Zeke look . we can see the black bra clearly now ~= so can the Old couple . carly ( evenly ) can you see now ? they eye be on each other . zeke {evenly ) yes . ( continued ) 8a. continued : a beat , as they look at each other . zeke what about the panty ? the Old man cough a little . carly ( after a beat ) the panty . zeke ( after a beat ; loud ) yes . the panty . be you wear the panty ? the Old man stare . he open he mouth . he seem to need air . Carly and Zeke have they eye on each other , they face deadpan . carly {after a beat ) porget it . the qld man seem to breathe easier . zeke {after a beat ; smile ) iwin . you lose . this game . they stare at each other . waiter be you ready to -- re see the button of she dress undone . he clear he throat . waiter -~ order yet , sir ? Zeke do not look at he -- he eye be on Carly 's . zeke {to waiter ) not yet . I be get my appetite up . the Old woman seem to gasp at that . waiter ( after a beat ) very well , sir . the waiter léave . ( continued ) a9 . continued : Carly and Zeke have they eye on each other . a beat , and then she lean back in she chair slightly and start to pull she dress up ... slowly ... slowly ... siowly ... the Old man glug a fast big gulp of he wine . ... she dress go higher ... and higher ... until we see the black panty . a beat , as Zeke look . zeke ( smile ) T can not tell . the Old man almost spit he wine cut as he start to epugh very loudly . Carly and Zeke have they eye on each other . a long beat , as she put she hand under she skirt ... and under the table ... eye still on each other ... and then a fast move ... and she hold the black panty up to he over the table . the Old couple stare ... and so do everyone else around they . she hold the panty up over the table . he let she hand stay there a long beat ... and then he take they . zeke ( smile ) thank you . he pocket the panty . the other stop watch gradually . carly ( after a beat ; smile ) you be welcome . they eye be still on each other , smile now . carly iwin . you lose . this game . a beat , as they look at each other . the waiter be there again . zeke {to Carly , casually ) be we ready to order ? carly ( casually ) yes , we be . ( continued ) 90 . continued : the waiter can not take he eye off Carly . waiter ( deadpan ) very well , madame . int . the elevator at 1300 - night ' he hit the button . carly where be we go ? zeke ( smile ) thirteen . we see thirteen light up . she hit twenty . carly ( smile ) it 's a unlucky number . zeke ( after a beat , smile } it 's a unlucky apartment house . it stop at thirteen . the door open . she look at he . carly goed night . a beat , as he hold the door , lean in , kiss she on the lip faintly . zeke geed night . a beat , and he start to step out , get the panty out of he pocket and hold the panty up . zeke ( slight smile ) you better put this on . tf da not want you to catch a draft . a beat , and she smile and take they . carly De not worry . I '' nice and warm . he smile and get out . ( continued ) 91 . continued : the elevator start S go up . she put the panty in she purse . it stop at twenty . she stand there a long beat , do not go out . the buzzer go off . a beat , and she hit thirteen . int . the thirteenth floor she ring he doorbell . there be no answer . she ring it again , see that the door be open a crack . she push the door open . the apartment be dark . int . he apartment she step inside . carly Zeke ? there be no answer . she walk farther in , into the pitch - black . carly Zeke ? there be a sudden movement behind she ... she turn ... he grab she , hard ... pick she up off the ground ... nis tongue be inside she mouth ... she wrap she leg around he waist ... she be not wear panty ... he hold she by she naked cheek ... carry she ... fall with she onto the big brass bed ... rip she dress off ... as she writhes ... kissing she breast ... she body ... spread she leg ... kissing she thigh ... bite into she thigh now ... hard ... harder ... she cry out ... he lift she leg high ... as we hold on she face ... ner head roll ... he be inside she ... as she cry out again ... nis finger in she mouth .. «+. and he roll , tairn she ... she be astride he ... he hold she breast ... nard ... as she lean she head back ... back ... and arch . int . he bedroom - nigrt there be a big stone fireplace . the fire be go . a mirror face the bed , face the oppose wall . they be in bed . she be kissing he back -- he be turn from she -= lick it , move dowa ... play . carly damn you . you leave you door open . you know I would come . ( continued ) continued : zeke ( smile ) you do come . we come together . be turn , face she , kiss she , carly do you and naomi come together ? the question do not faze he . zeke I nardly know she -- I tell you . he kiss she shoulder gently . carly she tell someone you have a affair with she . he kiss she other shoulder . zeke she make it up . it never happen . she come on to I once . maybe she fantasize . she do have a affair with you friend . he stop kissing she -- lie back . carly what friend ? zeke you writer friend -~ what 's he name ? Jack . carly how do you know ? zeke vida -- you neighbor , she tell I ~c at you party . so what . it 's no big deal . he lean close to she again , kiss she gently . a beat , and she get up , sit on the side of the bed . zeke ( quietly ) tf you stay , we could wake up together . I could kiss you to start the day , maybe do some other stuff , too . I could make you a great omelette and we could go down ‘to the park and hold nand . ( continted } 93. continued : she look at he a long beat . zeke be I searing you again ? he smile slightly , take she hand , and hold it with feel . carly ( quietly ) I do not want to get hurt . they look at each other a long beat . zeke ( quietly ) I be never go to hurt you . a beat , and he take she hand and kiss it tenderly . she look at he a beat , lean down , kiss he softly on the lip , and head out . he watch she . int . her apartment - night she walk in . she close the door behind she , stand there a long beat against it , lose in she thought . she go to she telephone , dial . carly vida , this be Carly norris . can you call I ? I would like to talk to you . it 's important . thanks . she hang up . a long beat , as she stand there . the tv screen we see she stand there . Zeke watch the monitor . a long beat , and then we start to hear skinny puppy do " Love in vain . " we close on he face as he watch she on the screen . he look move , almost like he be go to cry . int . her apartment - morning she be make coffee and toast , head for work . the tv set be on . we hear it in the b.g. as she gather she thing . it be tune to joan river . she have two bollywood gossip columnist on from movieline magazine . one of they and Julia Roberts -- oh , she 's such a big , big star , she do not even want to talk to mere mortal . {continued } 94 . continued : the other when she move into she new apartment on wilshire boulevard , the manager write a note to the other tenant that they could not even approach she -- not even to say hello ! *. Joan Rivers ' audience laugh . one of they and Sharon Stone -- well , the jet ~ set femme fatale , have she aver be busy ! first it be dwight yoakum , then it be Mick Jagger , then it be John f. Kennedy , Jr. now add aging matinee idol Robert redford to the list of break heart - ~ Carly hear a door close outside . a beat , and then she go to she door , open it , see vida at the elevator ( it be very near she apartment ) . int . the corridor she go to vida . vida be hit the elevator button . she look scramble and in a hurry . vida I get you message . i'1li call you tonight , okay ? I have get a shoot . I be late , goddamnit . where be this fuck thing ? she hit the button again . the light in the corridor biink and then blink again . carly I just want to talk to you about - = vida fuck it ! I be not go to get stick in there ! and she turn toward the door lead to the stairway . vida ( scramble ) T will call you , okay ? and she open the door and head down the stairway . ( continued } 95 . continued : carly ( smile ) okay . and she head back toward she apartment . int . her apartment as she get back inside , the light suddenly go out . the tv set go off . she stand there a moment , startle , ner face expressionless . int . the stairway the stairway have ten or fifteen step -- and then a landing -- and ten or fifteen step again as it head down , vida be head down in the darkness . vida ( to herself ) goddamn it ! she hear step behind she . she stop , freeze . she look around , see nothing , continue go down . she hear step behind she again . she freeze again , on a landing now , and turn . and as she do , a hood , sweatshirt figure literally fly toward she off the stair , a hunt knife in hand . the knife gleam . she scream . int . carly apartment Carly hear what sound like a muffled scream . int . the stairway vida be on the landing , against the wall as the nunt knife gleam and go into she in the darkness , again , and again . int . carly apartment = a beat , and Carly go to she door , open it . there be a faint light in the corridor come frou a window near the elevator . int . the corridor Carly go down the corridor , listen . ( continued ) 96 . continued : she hear nothing . she stop at the door lead to the stairway . a beat , and she open the stairway door . int . the stairway she listen . she hear nothing . and then she hear what sound like a soft moan . carly vida ? a beat , and she hear something muffled again and start head down the stairway in the darkness , get to a landing ... and the light suddenly go on for a flash and she see ... at the landing helow she -~ vida , in a pool of blood and hunch over she , he head in profile ... Jack landsford , wear a sweatshirt , its hood down . he turn to Carly . the light suddenly go off again ... and she run wildly up the stairway in the darkness . jack Carly ! she trip in the darkness , go up the stair desperately ... he be behind she ... he grab for she ... she get up again ... he grab she by a leg ... she kick out , scramble ... and he fall behind she , fall down the stair . int . the corridor she < un out wildly , she eye huge , panicked ... the light come back on . the elevator be there , open . she be on a floor other than she own . she run into the elevator . int . the elevator she be tremble . she look like she be in shock . she nit the lobby button , keep hit it . the door to the stairway fly open . Jack be there . we see blood - on he sweatshirt . ( continued ) 97 . continued : jack ( yell ) Carly ! she scream . the elevator door start to close . he tun to the elevator , stick he arm in -- try to force the door open . she grab the fire extinguisher and smashes at he hand and arm . he scream in pain . she smasn it again . and then he get he arm out and the elevator door finally close . she hit the emergency button . we hear a very loud , very shrill bell . she back into a corner of the elevator , tremble , try to breathe ... as the bell keep ringing very loudly . dissolve to : int . her apartment - day she be tremble , a blanket around she shoulder . she look like she be in shock . Zeke be with she , a arm around she . Lt. corelli be there with other detective . a doctor be give she a shot . doctor nlook at she ) she just need to rest . another detective come in . detective nothing on the security monitor . lt . corelli of course not . they be program to go out at just the right time . he glance at Zeke . zeke I tell you . I have have two firm in here try to figure out what 's wrong with the wiring . lt . corelli ( glance at Zeke ) well , we sure know this one 's not a accident . ( continued ) 98 . continued : another detective come in . detective the lab say landsford 's print be all over the knife . carly ( in a fog ) where be he ? lt . corelli downtown . he 's be question . she do not respond . lt . corelli when can I speak to she ? doctor tomorrow maybe . they look at she . she just stare , vacant - eye . dissolve to : int . her bedroom - night Zeke hold she . she be asleep -~ she be tremble , cry in she sleep . he pull she closer with great tenderness . zeke it 's okay , it 's okay . I love you . I love you . he kiss she tenderly , hold she . int . her apartment ~- the live room - day Lt. corelli and two other detective be there with Carly and Zeke . she look a little better . lt . corelli how do you feel ? carly {after a beat ) I be better . be he work with you ? he seem take aback by the question . ( continued ) 99 . continued : lt . corelli ( after a beac ) noc really . I just read he book , ask he some question about this place . zeke he 's a friend of yours ? le. corelli look at he a beat assessingly . lt . corelli he 's a aquaintance . Zeke almost smile a little at that ; corelli see it . lt . corelli ( to Carly ) do vida ever talk about he to you ? carly no . I be not close to she . another detective do you know if they know each other ? zeke vida know he . she tell I that he have a relationship with naomi pischer . lt . corelli she tell she shrink she have a relationship with you . zeke that 's not true . lt . corelli ( grin ) why would she make something like that up ? zeke probably for the same crazy reason she jump out the window . they look at each other a beat . dissolve : loo . int . her live room - later they look like each another detective ( to Zeke ) when do vida tell you that landsford have a relationship with naomi Fischer ? zeke at Carly 's housewarm party . lt . corelli {to Carly ) do she tell you that ? carly no . lt . corelli {to Zeke ) do she tell anybody else ? zeke how would 1 know ? at each other a beat . it be clear they do not other . carly I see she with Jack once . he be give vida some money . another detective ( to Carly ) do you know vida be a hooker ? carly she tell I she be a model . lo. corelli ( to Zeke ) do you ? zeke she say she be a model on she application . lo. corelli that 's not what I ask you . '' tid you know she be a hooker ? zeke how would I know that ? lt . corelli you be not answer my question . ( continued ) 101 . continued : zeke no , I do not know she be a hooker . do that answer it ? lt . corelli ( after a beat ) yes , it do . they look at each other a beat . int . her live room ~ later lt . corelli ( to Carly ) do landsford ever hit on you ? carly : once . at my housewarm party . then he show up in my live room once . he be sit there wait for I . another detective row do he get in ? carly I do not know . lt . corelli do he ever threaten you ? carly no . not really . another detective what do that mean ? carly be get angry with I when he show up in my apartment . he swore at I and leave . lt . corelli what do he wanc when he show up in you apartment ? carly he tell I he be work with you . lt . corelli do you tell Mr. hawkins here that he say he be work with we ? ( continued } continued : no. corelli look at the int . her live room they have get up , 102 . carly two of they . dissolve : - later be about to leave . lt . corelli thank you . I be sorry we have to take up so much of you time . zeke what do he say ? lt . corelli {after a beat ) be say he do not do it . he say he do not even know vida Jordan antil he meet she at you party . carly that 's not true . I see he with she before the party . lt . corelli be you sure ? carly I be sure . zeke what do he say about the knife ? lt . corelli he say he discover it miss about a week ago , think he would misplace it . zeke Carly say there be blood on he sweatshirt . lt . corelli he say he lean down and try to help she . teke he 's get a answer for everything , do not he ? it must be that thriller he write . . ( more ) { continued ) 103 . continued : zeke ( cont 'd ) ask he about my janitor -- julio . he have a real hassle with julio . he say he catch he go through he stuff . he try like hell to get Mrs. mcevoy to fire he . maybe it be not a accident ~- maybe he kill julio , too . Lt. corelli look at he a long beat . carly what 's go to happen now ? lo. corelli the d.a. have decide to charge he . zeke ( slight smile ) that 's not go to look too good for you guy , be it ? since he be work with you and all . lt . corelli ( after a beat , evenly ) I tell you . he be not work with we . we just ask he some question about this place -- ( a beat ) -- just like we ask you . they look at each other a beat . lt . corelli ( to Carly ) he will make bail . zeke you mean he can come back here ? lt . corelli he life here . [ it 's he apartment . he 's get a lease . if you try to throw he out , he will probabiy sue you . a beat , and he smile at Zeke . lt , corelli I would hate to see that happen to you , you would spend all you time in court . he and Zeke look at each other . Carly look frighten . int . he bedroom - night the fireplace be on . we see they reflect in the pedroom mirror . they be in bed . she be asleep . he hold she . he start to kiss she neck , then she back . she stir , turn to he , kiss he , stil : half - asleep . they be very gentle , very tender with each other . she move on top of he and , she eye close , start to move very slowly . she lie on top of he as she move . carly {in a whisper ) I love you . int . he bedroom ~ morning he be asleep . he wake up , see that she be not there . zeke Carly ? he get up , go to the live room . int . he live room he see she stand there in one of he robe . she be look , she back to he , at the bronze statue of the volcano . she be trace it with she finger . she look at he with a slight smile , then look back at the bronze . carly I could never go into a volcane . zeke you could with I . he go behind she , hold she . carly {after a long beat ) he 's go to come back here , be not not ? she do not look at nim . she look frighten . de hold she . zeke {after a long beat ) we will know it wher he do . carly how ? her back be to he . { continued ) continued : zeke ( after a bear ) we will know . carly no , we will not , he can be down there right now . zeke ( after a long beat ) let 's see if he be . she turn to he -- she do not get it . be take she hand , look at she a long beat , lead she into the bedroom . she do not understand . and then he push a button near he bed and a wall face the bed ... face the mirror ... slide away ... and she stare ... at the wall to wall curve of green-glint screen , six row high from the console near the ceiling , single tow pass over and under the center screen ; six row high on either side , pale digit glow across the top and midline -- 2 through 11 on the leave , 12 through 21 on the right . she stare at it . she step closer to the console -- we see the word '' takata '' on one of the set . zeke ( smiles} japanese . they only sell it in Kyoto . it cost I six million dollar . she stare . he put a monitor on . we see a apartment with no one there . zeke he 's not there . we will know it if he be . we will know every move he make . she stare . a long beat , and then , hesitantly -- carly put 20b on . she do not look at he . zeke ( after a beat ) there 's nobody home there , either . ( continued ) 106 . continued : carly ( hard ) put it on ! she turn to he , they eye be on each other . a long beat , and he put she apartment on a screen . carly you watch I ? you watch people ? how can you -- she say it with grow anger and outrage . zeke {nervous ) so do you . with a telescope . 1 just have better technology , Carly -- she shake she head , move away from he -- carly ( very hard ) no ! she start to head out in anger -= she be wear the robe -= he grab she -- zeke you like gossip ? look , I will show you real gossip . Real life , Carly -- he start flick screen on with SOUND . he be still hold she -- she be try to get away from he -~ zeke look | carly no ! she turn away from the screen -~- zeke ( in a flurry ) it 's better than any book . it 's better than any movie . it 's a soap opera . -- I use to watch they with my mother when I be a kid . it 's tragedy , it 's funny , it 's sad . it 's real life . it 's unpredictable . look , Carly . look . ( continued ) 107 . continued : : carly I do not want to see ! it 's disgusting -- it 's perverse -- - zeke it 's just like you branda book ! and she break away from he , and start to run out -~ zeke carly ! ( very loud ) arly ! he run after she ~- she trip ; he tackle she from behind -- they go down on the rug -~ zeke Carly , I love you , I love you , please do not , please -- she be flail away at he on the rug -- she rabe come undone -~ she be naked -~ he start to kiss she -- carly do not =- do not -- she start to cry -- he hold she hand as he kiss she , not let she breathe , work he hand underneath she -- she get she mouth free of he and try to breathe , cry ~- as he be inside she -- she eries out c= he be cry now , too , on top of she as they grind against each other hard , each of they almost ruthless as they get there , roll around on the rug , hold onto each other , cry , and cry out . dissolve to : int . bis apartment - morning ( later ) she stand in the monitor room , stare at all the screen . she look like she be in a fog . we see people eat breakfast , talk , argue , on che telephone , put makeup on , in the bathroom , in the shower , dress . Zeke be behind she suddenly -- he watch she stare a long beat . zeke ( quietly ) nobody get hurt . they do not know . ( continued ) 208 . continued : a long beat , and then she look at he . a long beat , and then she look back to the screen . he flick other screen on . on one , we see a couple make love . she stare . zeke the jonnson . she like it in the morning . she do not look at he ; look at the screen . carly ( slowly , quietly ) you know everything about I . you know everything about ... everyone . zeke so will you . carly ( quietly ) I do not want to . she do not look at he ; keep watch the screen . zeke ( quietly ) yes , you do . be put he arm around from behind she , kiss she neck as they both watch the screen . zeke we be the perfect couple . we be so alike . he look at she . she be not even look at he . she be watch the screen . int . the monitor room - day she be sit there , stare , the remote control in she hand . he be sit there , watch she watch the screen . she be watch a middle - age couple . they seem very upset . zeke the andrettis . they be nice people . ( continued } continued : the woman 109 . the woman what do he say ? the man he say I have to go in for test . just test , that 's all . woman what do the x-ray show ? man some kind of shadow , that 's all . do not worry about it . it could be anything . woman tell I the truth , Ray . please . what do he say ? man ( with great difficulty ) he say it -- it could be a tumor . start to cry . man they be not sure , angel . they do not know for sure . the man hold the woman ; Carly stare ; Zeke watch she . she turn the sound up on another screen , shut this one off . a middle - age man be on the telephone . he look very upset . she turn one off . zeke Ted Weiss -- Three B. he 's get big trouble . man ( on phone ) put another $ 200 on the a 's game , $ 300 on the dodger , okay ? ( a beat ) I know I be a couple grand down , I be good for it . you know I be good for it , ( a beat ) por Christ 's sake , I will pay you . the SOUND up on another screen , shut this ( continued } continued : we see a woman in ner 30 's argue with she daughter , about 15 . zeke the ballinger -- mother and daughter . moteer he 's you stepfather . you could be nicer to he . daughter he touch I -- mother stop it ! daugeter ( ery ) he put he hand on I . every chance he get , Mom . the mother slap she . mother do not start ! you hear I ? he 's a decent , hardwork man == the daughter cun into another room . the mother start to cry , too . zeke she 's right . every chance he get . every time the mother be not around . Carly shut the sound off , look at he . carly when vida be kill -- zeke I do not have any in the stairway . carly when the other ~-- zeke I be not watch . carly do you ever see vida with Jack ? - zeke sure . lot of time . ( continued ) ili . continued : carly why do not you tell the police ? zeke - and tell they about all this ? I see he with naomi Fischer , too . he be just use she . she could not handle it . carly why do not you tell I ? zeke I could not -~ before . he indicate all the monitor . zeke try 14 B . it 's about that time of day . she put 14 B on and she see a woman masturbate in bed . zeke gloria alden . her husband be a stockbroker . he work too hard . he smile . she watch the woman as she be ready to climax . as she watch -= - carly do you watch I when I -- zeke I watch you all the time . carly ( after a long beat } you see I when I ... she turn to he . zeke ( after a beat ) yes. ( a beat ) you like that , do not you ? you like know that I see you . she look into he eye a long beat and turn back to the screen . zeke try 2a . ( continued ) continged : she put the monitor on . we seé a man in he 60' with short nair -~ he look vaguely familiar . carly who be it ? zeke it 's Mrs. mcevoy . we see the man put a wig on and start put lipstick on . zeke she 's get ready to go to work . and now we see that he look the perfect Mrs. mcevoy , carly do you tape they ? . zeke on very special occasion . carly {after a beat ) do you tape we ? zeke ( smile ) yes . would you like to see we ? she turn to he . carly ( after a beat ) yes . he smile , get up , and leave the room . she turn back to the screen , flick the remote -- the sound be off -- we see different image of different people . she stare . . Zeke be behind she . he put the cassette into a vcr -~ {we see a bank of they ) -~ and we see they onscreen , the fiest time , in daylight , under the window . he smile . she stare at herself make love to he , she face expressionless . zeke do you want music ? here . he push a button -- we hear a loud , pierce industrial rock sound -- nine inch Nails . ( continued ) continued : zeke it 's my favorite song . she stare at herself make love on the screen . carly what 's it call ? zeke " Sin " , she turn to he , see the smile on he face , then turn back expressionless and watch the screen . int . the monitor room she be stare at the screen . most of they be light with different people . she be alone . he come in behind she . zeke do you want something to eat ? she shake she head , stare at the image . zeke nsmile ) you have not eat anything all day . : carly I be not hungry . she do not even look at he , stare at the screen . zeke ( smile ) you be like a kid with a new toy . carly ( after a beat ) it 's not a toy ... be it ? she do not look at he . zeke ( after a beat ) no . he watch she . int . the monitor room - day most of the screen be on . she have fall asleep , she head on the gonsole . ( continued ) ' be - continued : Zeke be try to shake she awake . zeke Carly -- she be deep asleep . zeke ( smile ) Carly -- you office have be try to get ahold of you . she open she eye , look at he . zeke ( smile ) good morning . fun night ? she look at the monitor for Jack 's apartment . zeke it 's okay . I check . he 's still in jail . int . ber office - day she walk into she office -- roxie be not there . on roxie 's desk , she see the Daily News , with its big headline : writer charge in High -rise stab . there 's a photograph of Jack . she stare at it . roxie {behind she ) oh , God , be you all right ? she hug she . roxie we have be go worried about you . everybody 's be call -- as roxie hug she , we see Carly 's eye . they look vacant . carly I be okay , really -- Judy Marks be there . she come and hug she , too . judy to think that I spend a weekend with that maniac hope that he would ... the police even talk to I .:. { continued ) continued : the phone ring . roxie pick the phone up . judy will you come see I later and give I the real skinny ? I want to hear everything . roxie it 's Zeke hawkins . carly thanks . she seem mute , without expression or life . she go into she office , close the door . juoy ( to roxie ) that 's the lead pencil , be n'te it ? roxie grin , shake she head . judy I do not get it . why do everything exciting have to happen to she . no one 's ever try to kill I . int . her office she pick the phone up . carly hello . she sound flat , hollow - ~out . int . the monitor room he sit there with many of the screen light , a phone in he hand . zeke ( excited ) guess what ? Mr. andretti do not have cancer . he get another opinion . be not that great ? he grin . int . eer office carly that be great . ( continued ) continued : she smile a thin smile . carly {a long beat ) what do they do to celebrate ? int . the monitor room zeke ( smile ) they jump up and down in the live room like little kid . you should have see they . int . her office her smile be bigger now . carly ( hesitantly ) what else be ... go on ? int . the monitor room he look at the screen . zeke Ted Weiss win both the dodger and the a 's game . he 's on he third Jack Daniel 's . he look at the screen . zeke gloria alden just get do with herself , right on schedule . she 's take a little nap right now . int . her office carly ( smile ) do you watch ner ? int . tee monitor room zeke of course I watch she . she 's like a swiss cuckoo clock . she just go off each day . it beat have a cup of coffee in the morning . be the ~ int . her office '' carly ( smile ) you be bad . int . the monitor room zeke ( smile ) we be bad . I call ballinger -- at he office . I do not tell he who I be . I tell he if he ever touch he daughter again , I would kill he . int . her office carly ( smile ) what do he do ? int . the monitor room zeke ( smile ) he shit , that 's what he do . I just wish I could have see he . maybe I should just start wiring the whole town . then we would see everything . int . her office ~ later she 's sit there work on she brando manuscript , she glass on , a pencil in hand . roxie open the door . roxie he 's be call for day . # e 's worried about you . carly I will call nim back . tell he I and fine . she do not look up . roxie look at ner a beat , then walk out . a long beat , and then she put the pencil down , take she glass off . she turus to she window and stare a long beat . and then the screen on she word processor come alive . she look at it , and see the word : I be ... watch ... we ... tape . ( continued ) 218 . continued : a beat , and then this word : you ... nave ... a... nice ... butt . she stare at the screen as it go blank again . int . alexander parson ' office - day she sit in this ornate , bookish office ; Alex sit behind he desk . carly ( with difficulty ) I can not concentrate , Alex . I be sorry . I just need some time off . he look at she a long beat . alex you can not just ... abandon a author like Tom wolfe , Carly . he have faith in you . he say you be the best editor -- carly Tom do not need a editor . he just need someone to sort of ... nurture he along . alex ( smile ) . we all need someone to ... nurture we along . carly ( after a beat ) I need some time to ... nurture myself along . a beat , as they look at each other . alex what about you brando book ? carly {after a beat ) tt 's crap ... it 's fake ... it 's not teal . alex ( after a beac ) I know it 's crap . sut you and I have always have a understanding . ( more ) { continued ) continued : 119 . alex ( cont 'd ) you brando bock and the other tell - all you have do make it possible for we to pay Tom wolfe and Tom boyle and cormac mccarthy the money they deserve . carly ( smile thinly ) you can find someone else to edit it , Alex . there be other people here with my prurient interest . he look at she a beat . alex ( gently ) I be sorry about ... everything , Carly . I never would have suspect anything like that of Jack . he always seem very ... healthy to I . ( a beat ) but what do we really know about the people we know ? we do not know they intimate life . it 's better , it seem , not to . she say nothing , look at he . a long beat as he look at she . alex what be you gqing to do with yourself ? a beat , and then she smile a slight smile . carly I be go to watch a lot of tv . alex I think you dislike television . carly ( a slight smile ) not anymore . ext . the STREET - dusk rush hour , the street be fill with people . she come out of the building . someone be watch she as she start to walk across zhe street . he be behind she . we see she from he Pov . ( continued } 220 . continued : and after she 's cross the street , he grab she by the arm and stop she at a storefront . it 's Jack . he be hold a brown envelope . his hand be in a cast . she spook , try to get away from he . he hold she by the arm . jack ( quickly ) T be not go to hurt you . all you have to do be scream . look at all this people . she see people everywhere , try to pull away . he hold she by the arm . jack I do not kill she . she try to pull away again . jack he set I up , do not you see that ? he steal my knife ... I be not stupid . I write thriller . why would I leave my knife there with my fingerprint all over it ? carly let I go . he hold she harder by the arm . carly you be hurt I . jack there 's something wrong with he . he 's sick . his mother die when he be 17 . she be a actress on the soap . do you know how she die ? she fall down in the shower , just like that surveillance guy fall . she try to pull away -- and then she stcp . we see she eye . ~ carly what ... surveillance guy ? jack that professor , the one who fall down in the shower , the surveillance expert . ( continued ) the N I continued : we see she eye . he be a surveillance expert ? he open the envelope . jack look at she . just look at she . he hold a photograph out to she . a beat , and she look at it . Zeke 's mother look like Carly and like naomi Fischer . jack remind you of anyone ? a beat , and she look at he ... and then he take the photograph and be go , lose among the people on the street . int . ber apartment - night she walk in . as soon as she do , the phone ring . a beat , and she pick it up . she look nervous . carly bello . int . the monitor room he sit there look at the screen , phone in hand . Front 242 play '' agony '' in the background . zeke nsmile ) I can see you . he almost sing it . int . her apartment she have she eye on the light . carly I know you can . int . the monitor room zeke he 's back . he get back ten minute ago . on a screen , we can see Jack sit on a couch in he apartment , ré@ade a paper . int , ber apartment carly ( after a beat ; nervous ) be he ? int . the monitor room zeke it 's okay . I be watch he . ( he smile ) I be watch a whole lot of thing . do you want to come up with I and watch ? carly ( after a peat ) yes . I want to take a shower first . int . the monitor room zeke ( smile ) I be go to enjoy that . I will enjoy you know that I be watch you . do not hurry . take a nice , slow shower . ( a beat ) please ? carly ( on monitor ) yes . she look right at the camera and smile a edgy smile . int . the monitor room - night she be watch the screen , Zeke next to she . on screen , we see the ballinger -~ Father and daughter . the daughter be 15 , we see she earlier with she mother . Father and daughter be sit at the kitchen table . he be in he 40' . pather do you ever tell anyone that I -- re speak very quietly , very sheepishly . she be try to read a book . daughter just mom . : father you sure ? ( continued ) 323 . continued : daughter yes . a long beat , as he look away from she . she watch he , afraid , he clear he throat . pateer {haltingly ) I be sorry . I could not help it . it will never happen again . I promise . she look at he a long beat , then nod and go back to she book . a long beat , and he get up and go out of the kitchen . she sit there alone , look up from she book , tear in she eye . zeke ( excited ) all right ! not bad for a day 's work , huh ? carly {after a beat , quietly ) it 's like play God . zeke ( grin ) it 's better . all we be gonna do be good thing . God do some bad one . she look at he , a edgy look in she eye . he do not see it -- kiss she casually on the cheek . zeke I be hungry . do you want something to eat ? a beat , and she look at he , carly I would like some caviar . he look at she , surprised . zeke ( smile ) okay . I will go down and get we some caviar . carly ( after a beat ) you do not have to . { continued ) 224 . continued : zeke ( excited ) I will get some champagne , tco . we will have a all - night party . as he start head out . carly {mervous ) can I watch we tape again ? zeke ( grin ) this be gonna be some party ! be kiss she on the neck quickly and head out of the room . as he go , she hit a monitor -- watch he pass through one room ... the bedroom , the fireplace go ... she hit another monitor -- watch he pass through another room ... see he open a supply closet ... watch he dig inte the bottom of it ... reach under something ... and get a tape . a beat , and she shut the monitor in he apartment off quickly . she stare at Jack , lie on he couch , on another screen ... when Zeke reappear , tape in hand . he see she watch Jack . zeke what 's he do ? he pop the cassette into a vcr deck . ( it be a big deck with room for six tape . ) carly be 's asleep . zeke keep a eye on he . on another screen , we see the two of they on he live room floor , under the window . Zeke look at the two of they , see she look , touch she neck tenderly , smile , zeke I will not be long . ( continued ) 125 . continued : she be stare at herself make love to Zeke ... he nead out ... and , after a beat ... she start hit button . she see he go into the corridor , seé he get into the elevator , see he in the lobby , see he go out the lobby door . she leave all of this monitor on ~- as well as the tape of she make love with Zeke , and she head out of the monitor room , through the bedroom , past the fireplace , past the mirror ... into the live room , and she see the supply closet . she open the door . she dig down , can not see anything down there . she stare . there be a break board in the floor . she lift it , see two other cassettes , pick they up . she hurry -- the cassettes in hand -- through the live room , the bedroom , back into the monitor room . the tape of she make love with Zeke be still play on a screen . she put the two cassettes into the vcr deck . the screen be dark a long beat , and then one come on ... and then the other . on one screen we see Zeke in bed , have sex with naomi pischer . , on the other , he be have sex with vida Jordan . she stare a long moment at the three screen -- Zeke with vida , Zeke with naomi , and Zeke with she . and then she see , on the lobby monitor ... Zeke be come back into the building . he go to the elevator . he get into the elevator . she get up suddenly , bolt out of the room , run through he apartment , out into the corridor . int . the stairway she rung from the corridor into the stairway , run desperately up the stair . int . he apartment he walk in . zeke Carly -- they be close on Monday . he go into he bedroom , see the wall to the monitor room open . {continued} continued : zeke Carly ! and , as he get closer to the monitor , he see the three tape that be still rumning on screen ~~ he and vida , he and naomi , he and Carly . a beat , and he hit she monitor . he see she as she come into she apartment . she look right at the camera . he look at she a beat , then see that Jack be go from he monitor . he nit Jack 's bedroom and bathroom . he be go from there , too . he grab the phone , dial -- watch she on the monitor as she pick it up . zeke he 's go ! I be come down ! carly ( evenly ) you kill all of they . zeke i do not kill anybody -- carly {evenly ) Gus hale be a surveillance expert . he be go to Japan . you be afraid he would -- zeke no ! and he slam the phone down and run out . int . the corridor outside her door he be beat on the door . zeke Carly ! let I in ! Carly , please ! int . her apartment she stand there as he beat in the door . and then she turn -- and we see Jack stand there in the shadow . a gun be in he hand , hold down , not point at she . his other hand be in a cast . ( continued } continued : jack let he in . a beat , and she open the door . he come in in a rush ~- she back away from he . zeke I do not know he be a surveillance -- I do not kill carly ( evenly ) yes , you do . you know everything . be grab she by the arm . zeke I do not , Carly ! he spend most of he time at he office ! he be hold she , hard -=- she be try to shrink away . jack ( behind they ) let she go . Zeke look . he see Jack , see the gun point at he . he look at she . she move away from hin . jack how do you mother die ? zeke ( after a beat ) she have a aneurysm . jack she fall dovn in the shower . zeke ( casually ) she have a aneurysm . yeah , she be take a shower . jack ( to Carly ) call the police . she start to move for the phone . ( continued ) 128. continued : zeke ( urgently , to Carly ) how do he get in here ? do you let he in here ? she be about to dial , hesitates . Zeke see from she expression that she do not let he in . zeke ( intensely ) he have naomi Fischer 's key . she give he a set . I see it . I see she give it to he , Carly . he use to come in here all the time . she give he a key ring with it . it 's silver . it 's get he initial on it . she hold the phone , be about to dial -- carly I see she on the tape with you . zeke ( intensely ) I sleep with she once . I do not want to tell you . I do not want you to think ... it be just sex , Carly . they look at each other . zeke ( intensely ) Carly , I love you . a long beat , as she look at hin ... carly show I you key , Jack . sack ( to Carly ) be you kid ? you be not go to fall for this -- I do not know she -- zeke ( intensely ) she kill herself because of you ! show _her ! a beat , as Jack turn slightly toward she with the gun and , as he do ... Zeke hurl himself at he . the gun go out of Jack 's hand onto the floor . ( continued } 429 . continued : he and Zeke be down on the floor , roll . he hit Zeke with he cast . she pick the gun up . Jack get on top of he near the big brass telescope . she watch they , the gun in she hand . Zeke 's eye stare at she ... desperate , implorimg ... as Jack pick the telescope up with one hand -- her eye be on Zeke 's as Jack lift the telescope , be ready to bring it down on he ... he eye begging she ... and she fire the gun and shoot Jack . she stand there , the gun in she hand , she eye huge , leok into Zeke 's eye ... for the longest moment ... and then she drop the gun . int . her apartment - later she sit there next to Zeke , surround by policeman . Lt. corelli be there with other detective . carly ( evenly ) he be in the room when I come in . he have the gun . 1 hit he . he drop it . he come after I . we be down on the floor ... I find the gun , Lt. corelli look at she , look at Zeke a long beat . lt . corelli how do he get in here ? a detective ( at door ) tt be not force . carly {after a beat ) he must have have a key . a detective he have this in he pocket . we see a key ring -- it be silver with Jack 's initial on it . Carly stare at it . lt . corelli try an . { continued ) 230 . continued : the detective take the key ring to the door , start put key into the lock . he try one -- it do not fit . be try another -- it do not fit . Carly and zeke stare as he try the key . Lt. corelli watch they . lt . corelli {to Carly , suspiciously ) you be alone . he glance at Zeke . carly yes . she do not look at he . her eye be on the key the detective be try . one more -- it do not fit . one more -~ it do not fit . and then one fit perfectly and the lock turn . the detective bingo . Carly close she eye . Zeke hold she -- be that the thinnest smile on he face ? Lt. corelli watch they . 2ere {to corelli} I should not have worried about get sue . I should have kick he out of here . this would not - have happen they . you give I bad advice . he smile a thin smile -- corelli scare at he . int . the monitor room - later they stand there , stare : all the screen be dark -- except for the three that she use for the tape of Zeke and vida , with naomi , and with she . on that three screen , we see electronic snow . he turn she to he , so that she back be can the screen , and kiss she on the lip gently . carly I be sorry . I be so sorry . zeke ( smile ) you save my life . ( continued ) di. continued : she look up at he , she back to the screen . and then , on one of the three screen , the snow end . we see a clear picture . it be Gus hale , stand behind a curtain , take a shower . we see it ~- and Zeke see it -~ but Carly have she back to it . zeke nsmile ) marry I . carly {after a beat ) seriously ? zeke seriously . he hold she tight -~ he eye right on the screen behind she . and then we see , on the screen , the shower curtain draw aside by a hand . Gus hale stare . and then he be grab by a hood , sweatsnirt figure -- and hurl , hard , onto the shower floor . carly what would we do -- just watch tv all day ? her back be to the screen , she eye hehind Zeke into the bedroom . zeke ( smile ) we would never run out of thing to talk about . we would always have a lot of gossip . on the screen , the hood , sweatshirt figure turn and we see he face clearly . [ it be Zeke . her back be to the screen , she eye out into the bedroom . she see he distract for a split second , glance at the screen behind she ... and she turn she head ... it is almost in slow motion ... to see what he be look at ... and suddenly the picture on the screen turn to electronic snow ... and all she see be the three screen , all fill with snow . be go to the vcr and pop the three tape out . she watch he . ( continued ) 232. continued : carly what be you go to do with they ? zeke I be get rid of they right now . I never want to see they again as long as [ I live , be have the three tape in he hand . she put she hand on they . carly nsmile ) our , too ? a beat , and she take the tape out of he hand . de look at she a beat , at the tape in she hand . zeke ( smile ) we will make plenty more . carly ( smile ) yes we will . and she lean in to kiss he , then turn with the tape in she hand , go to the fireplace in the bedroom and throw they into the fire . they burst into flame ... the burst of flame reflect in the mirror ... as he come up behind she , cup she breast as the tape burn , : carly thousands more . be kiss the back of she neck -- as we see they reflect in the mirror , the monitor behind they , the fireplace glow to the side . ext . a church ~ day we start to hear josef suk 's idyl in F minor , op. 7 ... as we see they wedding . they come out of the church . people throw rice at they . they be a beautiful couple . he kiss she gently on the lip . zeke ( with great tenderness ) I love you so much . she smile , she eye on he , as flashbulb go off . 133 . int . a helicopter - day the music -- josef suk 's idyl in F minor -- continue . it be a small , two -seater . its door have be remove . it approach kilawea on the Big Island . he pilot . she sit next to he . he circle high above the volcano . lava explode beneath then . he look at she . she look scared . we see they in closeup . they be wear headsets . we hear the roar of the volcano . we hear the roar of the chopper . he put he hand out to she . she look at he . zeke do not be scared . carly ( after a beat ) I keep the tape , Zeke . zeke {after a beat ) what tape ? carly ( after a beat ) the one with you and Gus in the shower . he look at she a beat . he smile . zeke where do you see it ? carly in the bedroom mirror . they look at each other . zeke where ia it ? carly it 's safe . ( a beat ) we be all go to be very safe . ( continued ) continued : they look at each other a long beat . carly {with great tenderness ) I love you so much . a beat , and she put she hand out to he . carly {a slight smile ) De not be scared . a beat , and he take she hand , and smile . zeke I be not . and he suddenly take the chopper down as the music change suddenly to the pierce , rip sound of industrial -- nine inch Nails do '' Sanctified . * '' be take the chopper down ... lower ... lower ... closer ... closer ... to the fire . he fly right toward it . then suddenly lift it . Higher ... higher ... and away -~ we hear she laogh a excited , girlish laugh . as we pade out . the end