on the basis of sex written by daniel stiepleman int . HOTEL bathroom - day concealer , lipstick , mascara on the counter . RUTH bader ginsburg ( 36 ) be apply blush . when she 's finish , she consider she reflection . she put on a gold , sunburst pin . and try a smile . ..... but it look force . she drop it . a breath . and she try again . a different smile . and ... RUTH May it please the court . not right yet . a smile . and ... RUTH ( cont 'd ) you honors and may it please the court ... that 's not it either ... RUTH ( cont 'd ) May it please the court . she look herself in the eye one more time . CUT to : MAIN title -- over black : on the basis of sex hear : driving , martial music . horn and drum . it 's the crimson fight song '' ten thousand Men of Harvard . '' as a male chorus join ... ext . austin hall - day well groom white men ( 20 ) march through a quad . into a impressive building with column arch . '' ten thousand Men of Harvard want victory today .... '' they're the future leader of America . and in they well - cut dark suit , with they cocky grin , it 's clear they know it . '' for they know that o’er old eli , fair Harvard hold sway ... '' but amidst the pants and loafer -- glimpse : a pair of high - heele shoe , a skirt sway , shoulder - length brown hair . '' so then we will conquer all old eli 's man ... '' int . austin hall - day as they enter a auditorium : she slow she step . letting the man pass ... it’s RUTH ( 23 here ) . Petite , lean and strike . she take in the size of the place , its grandeur . and be awed . '' and when the game end , we will sing again ... '' proud , she continue down the center aisle . '' ten thousand man of Harvard gain victory today ! '' Ruth find a seat . and as the crowd quiet , smile to the man she 's settling beside . he stare . confused by she presence . in front : a line of seat professor . among they : Professor Ernest Brown . erwin griswold ( 52 , formidable ) come to a podium : griswold settle down , please . ... be seat . super : 1956 griswold ( cont ’d ) my name be erwin griswold . I be the dean of this place . ... welcome to Harvard Law School . we have no glee club here . the work be hard . the load be heavy . ... take a moment to look around you ... Ruth do . there be over five hundred people in this grand room . most of they be white . only nine of they be woman . griswold ( cont ’d ) in this room be Rhodes and fulbright scholar . phi beta kappa member . Student body president . a Harvard crimson football captain . pat on the back for the smile sport hero . griswold ( cont ’d ) together , you will become lawyer . it be a privilege you share . and a responsibility that you accept . ... consider : what do it mean to be a Harvard man ? a Harvard man be intelligent , of course . but he be also tenacious . he be a leader devote to the rule of law . ( more ) ( continued ) griswold ( cont 'd ) he be mindful of he country . loyal to tradition . and he be respectful and protective of we institution . off RUTH : determined . int . ginsburg harvard apartment —- late day the garden apartment be small and unclutter : mismatch furniture , book , baby toy and museum poster . in the bedroom : the MARRIAGE of figaro play on a record . Ruth , in a slip , be consider the content of she closet . one dress in hand , she pull out another . she can not decide . she take they with she ... out of the room . down the hall ... the live room empty , she enter the adjacent kitchen : RUTH ( be : the dress ) which one make I look more like a Harvard man ? martin ginsburg ( 24 , classically handsome ) be at the kitchen table . bounce they daughter jane ( 1 ) on he knee . he look up from a textbook before he . adoring . martin I be thrilled you look nothing like a Harvard man . RUTH seriously , you know how I be at this thing . it 's the dean 's dinner , marty . I need to make a good impression . martin you will , kiki ( pr : kick - ee ) . but it 's the other way around . you make the dress look good . she kiss he -- and Jane . then notice Martin 's untouched plate of '' food '' on the table . RUTH you barely touch you tuna casserole . I put onion in . they help , right ? they do not . as he force down a forkful : ( continued ) martin yeah ... definitely . RUTH ( be : the dress ) I do not like either of this . she breeze out of the room . martin ( to Jane ) so . where be we ? ... ah. ( read aloud to she ) the tax code disallow some deduction hold to be contrary to the public interest . ( off Jane 's babbling ) just wait . this be the good part . he eat a grape off she plate . omitted int . harvard university club - foyer - night a grand room . dignify and formal . male professors in suit chat collegially . the EIGHT other women of the class of 1959 ( 20 , intelligent , poise ) be ingratiate themselves . Ruth enter . a vision in she swing dress and pearl . and take it all in : the room . the crowd . the chatter ... the man be proffering arm to the woman . form a double-line to enter the dine room ... before the door , Dean griswold and he wife , harriet griswold ( 52 , on crutch , crippled by polio ) , be welcoming they guest ... harriet griswold welcome . ... hello , Professor . griswold Harry . you be happy with the update textbooks ? ... good . Ruth prepare herself ... then join in . int . harvard university club - dine room - later Ruth eat she stew chicken and lima bean with slow precision . she scan the room . they be around a formal dining table : man and woman in alternate seat . entrench in conversation . be serve by Black waiter . she eye the woman : confident . Wise . with easy laugh . to she right : a young professor face away from she , ashing a cigarette in the ashtray between he and Ruth , and talk up one of the woman , emily : young professor he say , '' Professor , have you correct we papers ? '' I say , '' correct they would take a lifetime . I be merely grade they . '' Emily laugh gregariously . ding-ding -ding . at the head of the table , griswold tap he glass , rise . Ruth put down she utensil neatly . griswold esteem colleague . lady . this be only the sixth year woman have have the privilege to earn a Harvard Law degree . this little soiree be we way of say welcome . ( point she out ) my wife harriet and I be glad all nine of you have join we . applause . Ruth be grateful . but note that some professor be more enthusiastic than other . griswold ( cont ’d ) let we go around the table . and each of the lady , report who you be , where you be from ... and why you be occupy a place at Harvard that could have go to a man . as griswold sit , Ruth be disquieted . she and the other woman exchange anxious glance . harriet singles out the close : harriet griswold why do not you get we start , dear ? one of Ruth 's classmate rise . White knuckling she chair : ( continued ) classmate I be hennie callaghan . Father 's a lawyer back in minneapolis . he use to give I draft of contract to use for draw paper . at some point , I get more interested in read they than draw on they . in a few year , it 's go to be callaghan and callaghan . griswold that be fine . next ? emily 's turn . she rise . emily Emily hick . hello. Connecticut . when I finish mt. holyoke , my mother want I to get marry . but I do not want to do that . and I do not want to be a teacher or a nurse . so when I -- griswold ha . that 's not a very good reason . Ruth watch Emily slump into she seat -- mortify . all eye land on Ruth . include griswold 's . she stand ... and knock over the Young Professor 's ash tray . it land with a heavy thud . Ruth stare at the ash and butt on the rug ... when she look up -- she eye they all . the anxious woman . the man watch she . Emily control she frustration . griswold be wait ... RUTH I be Ruth ginsburg , from Brooklyn . griswold and why be you here miss ginsburg ? RUTH Mrs. ginsburg , actually . my husband marty be in the second - year class . aenee I be at Harvard to learn about he work . so I can be a more patient and understanding wife . Emily laugh . several other gasp . and on griswold 's face be plain dislike . off RUTH : see it . int . ginsburg harvard apartment - bedroom - night Ruth . Home from dinner . rubbing she sore foot . RUTH come to dinner . the bean will be boil . the chicken will be stew . and you will be grill . ... we come to Harvard to be lawyer . why else ? Martin , in a undershirt , climb off the bed . martin it be a asinine question . RUTH I could not just ignore it ! but the way he look at I . now he 'il never take I seriously . martin you be smarter than everyone here . you will be better prepare . just stand up and say what you know . in this place , that 's all the matter . she turn she back : unzip I . RUTH in my experience even small mistake be glaring when you stick out . the dress fall to the floor . and he turn she around ... martin then you be lucky . because you be very short . she laugh . despite herself . RUTH oh , yeah ? why do not you come down here and say that to my face ? she pull he into a kiss . flirty . fun ... he lift she . bury she face in he neck , as they fall onto the bed . int . lecture hall - day she the grand room be laid out like a Roman theater . portrait of alumnus stare down : holme , Brandeis , frankfurter ... ( continued ) Ruth sit in the first row . surrounded by man . a textbook on the desk : introduction to contract . at nine- thirty precisely , prof . ernest brown ( 50 ) enter . and begin lecture . brown I be Professor Brown . this be introduction to contract . hawkins versus mcgee . Ruth 's hand fly up . along with several other . Brown eye one student not raise he hand -- and find he on a huge seating chart with passport- size photo ... brown ( cont 'd ) State the case please , Mr. pruitt . pruitt adjust he tie as he rise . pruitt uh , good morning . I be Donald pruitt . I be really honore to be here with -- brown hawkins v mcgee . as pruitt flip through he textbook : pruitt hawkins v mcgee . it 's uh -- a fascinating breach - of - contract case that -- ( find it ) oh , right ! Charles hawkins hurt he hand . and mcgee -- brown can someone help he , please ? as pruitt deflate into he seat , a smug classmate , fitzpatrick , see Ruth 's hand go up first . he raise he as well . Brown look at Ruth . check he seating chart ... brown ( cont 'd ) yes ? ... Mr. fitzpatrick . fitzpatrick rise , give Ruth a look ... fitzpatrick it be Charles 's son who hurt he hand . ... electrocution burn . ( continued ) brown and on what point do the case turn , Mr. fitzpatrick ? fitzpatrick mcgee promise to fix the hand ... Ruth frown . she know fitzpatrick 's not quite right . but notice that no one else seem bother by it . fitzpatrick ( cont ’d ) .-- by perform a skin graft . but mcgee be not very familiar with the procedure . and the result be not quite what he have plan . Ruth can not let it lie . she decide to raise she hand . brown a question already , Mrs. ginsburg ? RUTH ( rise ) a correction , Professor Brown . mcgee do not simply promise to fix George hawkins 's hand . he promise , quote : a one hundred - percent good hand . pruitt flip page in he textbook , try to catch up . fitzpatrick that 's the same thing . brown be it ? what say you , Mrs. ginsburg ? RUTH it be not . word matter . mcgee graft skin from hawkins 's chest . not only do this fail to fix the scarring , he have chest hair grow on he palm . fitzpatrick prove that a hand with a burn be worth two with a bush . laughter from the CLASS . RUTH the Court deny hawkins damage -- ( continued ) 10 fitzpatrick hawkins do get damage ! the court say he could keep up to five hundred dollar -- RUTH if I may finish : hawkins be deny damage for pain and suffer . ( as fitzpatrick sit ) the New Hampshire Supreme Court rule he be entitle to damage only base on the expect result of the contract be fulfil . Brown , slide down he read glass , measure up Ruth over the frame . pruitt , still flipping page , be frantic . RUTH ( cont 'd ) so if Dr. mcgee have set realistic expectation , instead of make grand promise , hawkins 's award likely would have be less . a pair of man share a glance : '' Ball -buster . " '' pruitt give up . Ruth have silence the room . brown be that a answer , Mrs. ginsburg , or a filibuster ? as the class laugh , Ruth sit . holding steady . int . harvard student union - day couches and endless book shelf . warm light through the window . student study , read , and hang out . and in one NOOK : Emily be on a couch with another female friend ( 20 ) . Martin and two other guy ( 20 ) be on another . beer all around . Ruth stand before they ... they 're playing charade : emily & friend Movie ... four word ... second word . Ruth take a swig of she beer . then hold up seven finger . friend Seven . emily & friend fourth word . Ruth think a beat ... then start scratch . the Men laugh . ( continued ) 11 emily ape ! gorilla ! friend monkey ! emily monkey Business ! Ruth wave they off . build she courage -- despite the pass gawker ... and do she best Marilyn Monroe . pose . back arched . butt out . friend monkey on my back ! the men laugh more . Martin laugh so hard he stomach hurt . as Ruth remind they : second word . Seven . emily Seven bride for Seven Brothers . friend what 's that have to do with monkey ? guy 1 ( eye on he watch ) annnnnd .... emily oh ! oh ! oh ! guy 1 emily ( cont 'd ) time ! the Seven Year itch ! RUTH yes ! as Martin get up and kiss she : martin ruthless ruthy strike again ! she jab he in the gut playfully with a elbow . guy 1 okay . next round be riding on you . as Martin pick he clue from a hat : RUTH do not worry . he 's very good . ( continued ) 12 martin and she dumped a guy once for be bad at charade . friend you do not really ? RUTH it be a manifestation ... of he be a idiot . emily ( to guy 2 ) do not worry . I be comfortable be smarter than you . guy 2 oh , thank you . laughter all around . friend everyone ready ? and ... go! Martin begin . guy 1 & 2 a song . Martin curl he lip , shake he arm , and gyrate he hip . they enjoy he spot - on impression -- especially Ruth . guy 1 by elvis . guy 1 & 2 Three word . ... first word . he point to a blue pillow : guy 1 pillow ! chair ! guy 2 Blue ! blueberry Hill ! guy 1 that 's fat domino . guy 2 third word . point to he foot , Martin do a bit of fancy footwork ... ( continued ) 13 friend Nice move ! Martin wince , clutching he belly . and cry out . emily guy 1 no sound effect ! Blue suede shoe ! martin buckle -- as he fall to the floor : guy 2 marty , you be a lightweight . Ruth know something 's wrong . she run to Martin . go to she knee . cradle he ... RUTH marty ? ... marty ! Martin 's look up at she . pain write on he face . RUTH ( cont 'd ) he need help . somebody help ! as Ruth 's world slow and the sound fade : guy 1 someone call a ambulance ! RUTH marty . I be right here . I have you . int . hospital waiting room - night hard floor and harder chair . Ruth sit alone ... time cut : it 's crowded . Ruth try not to watch the other worry family . a man soothes he wife ... fewer people wait . Ruth still wait . a mother reprimand she son in harsh whisper ... fewer still . Ruth still wait . the misbehave boy be asleep on he mother 's lap ... the sky be lighten out the window . the few people leave be sleep . except Ruth . still up . still wait . she get up ... 14 int . nurse 's station / corridor - early morning Ruth approach and try to get the attention of two nurse -— - talk among themselves : RUTH Excuse I . Excuse I ? I have like to see the doctor who -- one gesture for she to wait . she do for a frustrated beat . then notice a emergency room doctor ( 30 ) down the hall . Ruth pursue he ... RUTH ( cont 'd ) Doctor ? ... Doctor ? he turn with a look that say , '' I do not have time for this . '' emergency room doctor yes ? RUTH you examine my husband . I be wonder when you think he 'il be able to leave . I need to call the sitter . emergency room doctor what 's the patient 's name ? RUTH ginsburg . Martin . emergency room doctor right. ginsburg ... he 's not go home tonight . RUTH Excuse I ? emergency room doctor we have more test to run . RUTH what kind of test ? her voice stop he in he track . emergency room doctor various kind . he 's gonna be with we a while . ( continued ) 15 RUTH what test be you run on my husband ? emergency room doctor there be a shadow on he x-ray that -- RUTH what kind of shadow ?! I need to see he ! emergency room doctor Mrs. ginsburg . you be get yourself work up . go home . get some rest . we will know more in a few day . ..... if you will excuse I . he leave she . in the busy hallway . uncertain and scared ... int . ginsburg harvard apartment - morning Ruth enter . the sound of the door wake up Emily , on the couch . still in the same dress as during charade . RUTH thank you so much . emily Ruth . of course . Jane be a doll . she 's blissfully asleep . .... how be he ? RUTH Fine . I be sure he will be fine . Emily hesitates to believe she . then give she a long hug . emily call any time . okay ? she leave Ruth . ... alone . and painfully aware of it . Ruth turn on the record player , lift the needle . and stop . her gaze shift to the collection of family photo on the credenza beside the record player . to her mother . pose with young Ruth . supportive . uncompromising . strong . wearing the same sunburst pin Ruth wear in the open scene . Ruth lower the needle at last . static give way to soft opera . a breath . then Ruth walk down the empty hall ... ( continued ) 16 to jane 's bedroom . as the girl sleep , Ruth watch she . keeping she fear and doubt at bay . entering her and martin' bedroom , she collapse atop the cover . and curl up alone ... int . hospital room - day - day later Bright . antiseptic . a ticking clock . Martin be hook up to a glass iv . reading a textbook in bed . in a chair beside he , Ruth have a law book as well . but she 's watch he . wait . her gaze shift -- to a empty hospital food tray ... RUTH at least you get a break from my cooking . he look to she . and they laugh -- nervously . doctor wyland leadbetter ( 50 ) enter . clean -shaven , in a bow - tie , vest and white coat , full of genial self - confidence . dr . leadbetter good afternoon . RUTH Dr. leadbetter . martin hey , Doc . as he pull up a chair , he glance at Martin 's textbook : dr . leadbetter fundamental principle of corporate taxation : address the Challenges of today 's Regulatory environment . I think medical book be dry . he sit . and prepare himself to deliver the news ... dr . leadbetter ( cont 'd ) it 's as we fear . Ruth and Martin take the blow . dr . leadbetter ( cont 'd ) marty you be young , and we catch it early . we have pioneer a treatment here . ( more ) ( continued ) 17 dr . leadbetter ( cont ’d ) it entail multiple surgeries , each follow by a course of radiation . it ''s -- well , it 's unpleasant , but -- martin what do that mean ? RUTH on top of the pain of surgery , the radiation will leave you exhaust , nauseous . prone to infection . martin ( off leadbetter 's look ) her mother die of cervical cancer . dr . leadbetter with the new treatment , there 's a chance you could go on to live a healthy , normal life -- as if this never happen . RUTH what kind of '' a chance '' ? ( off he hesitation ) Dr. leadbetter , we have rather know what we be face . dr . leadbetter the survival rate for testicular cancer have be about five percent . it hang there for a beat ... martin thank you for the honesty . I think . dr . leadbetter ( leave ) I 'il let you two talk . in the wreckage of he wake : a heavy silence ... Martin try to make sense of it . Ruth stifles she tear . they can not even look at each other ... until Ruth take Martin 's hand . pull he back into the present . they watch one another a beat ... she rise . and sit on the bed beside he . they eye lock . martin I be sorry . ( continued ) 18 slowly she lie next to he . they hold each other . watch one another . the clear path of they future lose in a haze ... RUTH we be never give up . keep work . keep study . Jane will have she father . and you will be a lawyer . I be spend my life with you , Martin ginsburg . ext . harvard campus — day bare tree . snow flurry . ... Ruth rush through . she 's run late . freund ( v.o. ) judicial consistency ... int . lecture hall two - day professor freund ( 48 ) , black hair , broad , lecture before a full class . his voice resonant : freund the doctrine of stare decisis come from English common Law ... the door creak . and Ruth enter . as freund continue lecture , he watch she find a seat in back . freund ( cont 'd ) which also provide the first example of circumstance where precedent may be overturn . judge be bound ... Excuse I . May I help you ? she rise tentatively . RUTH I be Martin ginsburg 's wife . i’1l be attend he class for he . freund seem surprised by it . his student be impressed . freund in addition to you own ? the look in she eye leave no room for negotiation . freund be move . he resume he lecture without further objection ... ( continued ) 19 freund ( cont 'd ) judge be bound by precedent . but can not ignore cultural change . Ruth sit and begin take note . freund ( cont 'd ) a Court ought not be affect by the weather of the day , but will be by the climate of the era . martin ( v.o. ) ( weakly ) wait . wait . say that again ... int . ginsburg harvard apartment - night at the kitchen table : Ruth sit before a typewriter . from she vantage point , through the open between room , she can only see half of Martin -- lying on the live room couch . RUTH ( read she note aloud ) a Court ought not be affect by the weather of the day , but will be by the climate of the era . martin you be sure that 's what he say ? she lean to the side to give he a look that say '' be you kid ? '' his chalky skin be blotched in sweat . martin ( cont 'd ) ( off she look ) of course . he close he eye and catch he breath . martin ( cont 'd ) the law be never finish . it be a work in progress . and ever will be . as he dictate , Ruth type ... martin ( cont 'd ) Brown v board of Education , parenthesis 1954 , be the most revolutionary Supreme Court case of the last century ... waaaah ! somewhere in the apartment , jane cry . Ruth type the last few letter as she rise ... ( continued ) 20 Martin continue , as she pass he : martin ( cont 'd ) representing Oliver Brown , et al . RUTH I be not listen . she head for jane 's room , but Martin 's on a roll : martin ( 0.s. ) thurgood Marshall educate the Court about the burden create by segregation -- in jane 's room , the cry drown Martin out . RUTH sweetheart . what 's wrong ? Ruth scoops she up . and she cry fade to a whimper . Ruth take Jane with she back to the live room ... en route to the kitchen : RUTH ( cont 'd ) okay . Brown v. board of ed. go. silence . it stop she . clutch Jane , she turn to find Martin still as stone . she approach he ... Martin 's asleep . his breathe shallow . Jane still in she arm , Ruth return to the kitchen . she take a sip of coffee . then remove the page from the typewriter , stack it with other , and put they all into a folder -- label '' Martin . '' she open another folder : '' Ruth . '' load a half - type page into the machine . and resume she work in the quiet dark .... RUTH ( v.o. ) one ... two ... ext . harvard campus - austin hall - day - 18 month later 16 campus be in bloom . Ruth and Martin walk with Jane ( 3 now ) hold both they hand and swinging between they .... RUTH ... threeeeee ! jane again ! again ! ( continued ) 21 RUTH ( read Martin 's look ) daddy need a rest , sweetheart . jane ( disappointed ) okay . when she run ahead , Martin watch she . martin one day that little angel be go to slam a door in we face and tell we we be ruin she life . Ruth appreciate the observation . martin ( cont 'd ) I should not have take the job . RUTH it 's a great firm . and New York be the center of the legal universe . you have earn it . martin you earn it . I just survive . I do not want be apart from either of you . RUTH you will not be . I will not allow it . ... i’1l convince he . int . dean griswold 's office - day a room with history . daunting . regal . griswold sit at he desk . Ruth , tiny in a oversize chair , look he in the eye . griswold you want a Harvard degree , though you plan to finish you coursework at ... Columbia ? you would be well serve to remember , Mrs. ginsburg , how fortunate you be to be here . RUTH Dean griswold , between the first and third year of law school , which be the more substantive ? the more critical ? ( continued ) 22 griswold the first . of course . RUTH yet when someone transfer in as a second - year student -- have take that more important class elsewhere -- he 's allow a degree . griswold that 's -- RUTH I have be here two year . I be first in my class . griswold there be no reason why you husband cannot provide for you while you and the child remain in Boston . RUTH last year , John sumner be allow to finish he coursework in Baltimore . Three year ago , Roy paxton - — - griswold very different case . RUTH how be they differ -- griswold Mrs. ginsburg . you have no compelling need to transfer . RUTH marty could relapse ! the doctor say at any time . he put a good face on it , but I can see it . he 's scared . Dean griswold , this be my family . griswold be sympathetic for a beat ... off RUTH : griswold Nonetheless . we each have we responsibility . and mine be to protect the distinction of a Harvard degree . I can not force you to stay . but I will not reward you for leave , either . the argument lose . 23 ext . harvard campus - austin hall - later Ruth . bear she disappointment . come out of the building . for a beat , she watch Martin and Jane play tag among the tree . until Martin stop to catch he breath . and notice she . smiling , he wave . Ruth force a smile . and wave back . fade to black . ext . ginsburg apartment ( 1959 ) - day a brownstone on a quiet side street . Ruth come out in smart suit . determined and bold . she head down the street . and around the corner . revealing : new york , NY -- in autumnal red and gold . vibrant , bustling , and alive . super : 1959 e/i. midtown office build - day Ruth go through a revolve door into a impressive lobby . she enter a elevator full of man in suit . greene ( v.o. ) Jesus , Mary and Joseph . int . greene's office - day greene ( 45 ) , a big man , a street - wise lawyer , be read Ruth 's resume . sound of construction outside . greene graduate top of you class . Law Review at Harvard and columbia ?! I do not even know that be possible . RUTH thank you , Mr. greene . I have work hard . greene you want some white - shoe firm . Big - money case , complex legal maneuver . ( continued ) 24 RUTH no , I think bibler and greene would be a perfect fit . you handle the mercer bankruptcy last year , and -- greene c’mon . how many have you be to ? with a look , she deflect . greene ( cont 'd ) they all turn you down right ? how many ? ten ? RUTH twelve . greene a woman . a mother . a Jew , to boot . I be impressed that many let you through the door . RUTH one send I to interview for the secretarial Pool . greene hal RUTH another tell I I have be too busy at bake sale to be effective . one partner close client in the locker room at he club -- so he say I would be out of the loop . last week I be tell woman be too emotional to be lawyer . then , that same afternoon , that a woman graduate top of she class must be '' a real ball - buster , '' and would not make a good colleague . I be ask when I have have my next baby , and whether I keep shabbat . one interviewer tell I I have a sterling resume , but they hire a woman last year , and what in the world would they want with two of we ? unburden , she let out she breath . and grow embarrassed . greene 's sardonic chuckle say he get it : greene you must be livid . ( continued ) 25 she be . RUTH my mother teach I not to give way to emotion . greene bull shit ! you be angry . good ! use it . I have to say , Mrs. ginsburg , I be impressed . a glimmer of hope . Ruth grab for it ... RUTH Mr. greene . I want to be a lawyer . I want to represent client before the court in pursuit of justice . ( be : she resume ) you can see I work hard through school . I do everything I be suppose to , and I excell . I swear it : I 'il do the same for you . greene take a moment to think ... as he do , he gaze drift over the contour of she body . Ruth tense . greene thing be ... we be a close - knit firm . almost like family . and well -- the wife , they get jealous . Ruth stare he down . Fighting she building fury . ext . new york CITY street - day Ruth back on the street . stun ... she slow . almost to a stop . diminish ... New York continue its perpetual movement around she without notice . int . ginsburg apartment ( 1959 ) - live room - day it 's mostly the same furniture , art and book -- move to a new city . one addition : a original opera poster from Rome . Ruth be on the couch with Jane ( 4 now ) in she lap . they be read the marcia Brown illustrate edition of cinderella ... ( continued ) 26 RUTH the prince would marry she whose foot would fit the little slipper . first they try it on the -- they hear the front door OPEN . as Martin find they : martin ( 0.s. ) Ruth ? kiki ? jane daddy ! martin ( sweeping she up ) hi sweetie . he note a bottle of champagne on ice near the couch . he kiss martin ( cont 'd ) you get the job ! be they give you a corner office , or will they make you jump through hoop first ? she . RUTH it 's not at bibler and greene . I be not what they be look for . martin I do not -- then what 's the firm ? RUTH clyde Ferguson leave he professorship at Rutgers . martin kiki . RUTH they have not find another black man to replace he , so someone decide a woman would be the next - best thing . martin there be more firm . you can not give up . this be the biggest city in the most litigious country in the history of the world . you can still -- she shut he up with a kiss . ( continued ) 27 RUTH marty . I get a job . open the champagne . for a beat , he search she face ... martin okay . okay ! let 's celebrate . as he open the bottle : martin ( cont 'd ) y'know what ? I think this be better . I do . Ruth put on a record . the MARRIAGE of figaro overture begin . martin ( cont 'd ) you will not be beholden to a firm . there will not be partner breathe down you neck . a professor can represent any client she want . pop ! ... the bottle open , he pour . RUTH so long as they do not mind a lawyer who 's never actually practice law . ( be : champagne ) thank you . martin ( a toast ) hooray for mommy ! jane hooray for mommy ! RUTH ... hooray for mommy . she take a drink . black . hear : scream . cursing . a Mass of FURY ... ext . rutger university - newark campus - ackerson hall - day early fall . student protestor ( 20 ) throng the urban boulevard around the MAIN plaza step -- across the street from rutger 's Law School . seethe . scream . ( continued ) 28 and scorched by late-summer heat . they wave placard : ' impeach Nixon 's ; ' end the War 's . they be surround by a cordon of campus police officer . super : 1970 on the step : student hoist enlarge photo of the kent state massacre . a protest leader have a microphone : protest leader blood flow at Kent State . that guardsman shot blindly into the crowd . and for what ? be anyone armed ? student protestor no ! Professor Ruth bader ginsburg ( 36 now ) approach the throng . this be not '' occupy '' anything . it 's tahrir Square ... protest leader no ! they murder they . murdered they for protest Nixon 's illegal and immoral and grotesque war in Vietnam . Ruth wedge she way into the crowd : Student - protestor all around . taller than she . Men , woman , white , black . scream with rage . she see the protest leader over they shoulder : protest leader ( cont 'd ) and now -- now we be tell there will be no prosecution ! be we gonna stand for it ? student protestor no ! protest leader be we gonna die in Vietnam ? student protestor Hell no ! we will not go ! Hell no ! we will not go ! as Ruth push toward ackerson hall : campus Police hold the student back with billy club . she 's jostle . and ignore . 29 int . rutger law school - classroom - later narrow window , drop-ceile , linoleum floor . it 's world away from Harvard ... as Ruth enter , the student find they seat . and watch she arrange syllabi and lecture note from she bag in neat pile . at last she look they over . a uncomfortable silence ... RUTH I be Professor ginsburg . this be sex discrimination and the Law . ... some of my colleague will tell you that sex discrimination do not exist . I may as well be teach the legal rights of gnome and fairy . let 's see if they be right . ...... hoyt versus Florida . State the fact please , miss ... ( check a class list ) Valentin . Valentin , a Hispanic , blue-collar Jersey girl , rise . Valentin gwendolyn hoyt be a housewife . and she husband be this real asshole . the class chuckle . RUTH can you recall the specifics ? Valentin he cheat on she . he choke she . he would rip off she clothes and threaten to kill she . RUTH so in statutory term ... he be a real asshole . when the student laugh , Ruth seem almost embarrassed by it . but the room relax . include Ruth . RUTH ( cont 'd ) on the night in question , clarence tell he wife he have meet another woman , and he be leave . how do hoyt respond , miss ... burton ? in the back : burton rise . ( continued ) 30 burton she smashed in he skull with a baseball bat . then call a ambulance , while he be die . RUTH a jury convict hoyt of second - degree murder . and that 's where we story begin . a great civil rights lawyer take up hoyt 's appeal . dorothy kenyon . Ruth write she name on the board . the student take note . RUTH ( cont 'd ) on what grounds , miss ... roemer ? roemer , a Angela Davis - type , rise . roemer that Florida 's jury violate the U.S. constitution , ' cause there be only man on they . kenyon say a jury with woman on it may have convict hoyt of a lesser crime , like manslaughter . bennett , a male student , call out : bennett that law make sense though . woman can not take care of they kid , if they be on some sequester jury . whoa ! it do not go over well with the woman in the room . female student Excuse I ? be you kid ? ( etc . ) bennett what ? Men be the mammoth hunter . burton you be never get laid again . Valentin what about woman who do not have child ? burton yeah . or they be out of the house . ( continued ) 31 roemer let the man stay home and take care of he child . we get work to do . the woman hoot and holler . bennett hey , hey , hey ! do not take it out on I . I be not hold my fiance back . she have two job . RUTH which she can be fire from just for marrying you . the law allow it . that quiet he . and the room . the class RUTH ( cont 'd ) there be law that say woman can not work overtime . a woman 's social security benefit , unlike she husband 's , do not provide for she family after death ... be furious : student what ? ... that 's bullshit . ( etc . ) burton we need to do something . Ruth be thrilled by they passionate response . they recognize she 's wait and shush one another ... omitted RUTH ten year ago , dorothy kenyon ask a question : if the law differentiate between people on the basis of sex , then how will woman and man ever become equal ? and the Supreme Court answer . ... they will not . hoyt lose she appeal . the decision be unanimous : discrimination on the basis of sex be legal . 32 int . ginsburg apartment ( 1970 ) - day they have come up in the world . the apartment be spacious , with city view and a balcony . the furniture be contemporary . the artwork , original . the Roman Opera poster be still prevalent on a wall . a aria play on the radio . jane be stir blanquette de veau simmer in a pot on the stove . she 's 15 . pretty , blonde , in a private school uniform . jane daddy , that 's not how you do it . if you put the herb in too early they lose all they punch . Martin ( 37 now , in a french apron ) be chopping celery , thyme & rosemary with a chef 's speed and precision . martin the flavor be mean to compliment one another . not pummel each other . as he add he work to the pot and cover it : martin ( cont 'd ) that 's why it 's call marrying they . hear : the front door OPEN and close . then ... jame ( 0.s. ) we be home ! jane speak of which ... James burst in ... jame daddy ! Martin scoops he up -- match he tone : martin James ! Ruth enter and kiss Martin . RUTH hi. ( change in tone ) Jane . ( continued ) 33 jane hey , mom . martin so ? how be this year 's class ? as she get a spoon to taste the stew : RUTH this kid be so passionate . to they it 's about more than precedent and dissent . they want to forge a movement . ( be : the stew ) mmm . this be delicious . as he do , Jane try to make she exit . RUTH ( cont 'd ) hold on Jane . we need to have a talk . I get a call from she school today . apparently I mis-date a note excuse you from class last week ? Martin be flipping through the Advance sheet ... jane it 's not a big deal . martin ( sarcastic ) oh , well , problem solve then . RUTH you skip school . it 's the first week . be this what this year 's go to be like ? you lie to -- jane I never lie . RUTH forge a note be lie , Jane . you be smart enough to know that . jane ( leave ) apparently I be not , Mom . as Ruth follow Jane out ... ( continued ) 34 martin do not forget we have the party tonight . James , thrilled by the action , try to follow Ruth out . Martin grab he by the back of he shirt . martin ( cont 'd ) oh no . not you . in the live room : Ruth pursue Jane across the apartment . RUTH Jane . ... Jane , stop . jane I apologize , okay ? RUTH I want to know where you be . Jane turn back on she . jane denise and I go to a rally to hear gloria steinem speak . Ruth look at she : you do what ? jane ( cont 'd ) ( '' obviously '' ) she 's a writer . she 's start she own magazine . she just testify in the Senate about -- RUTH I know who gloria steinem be . what if you get hurt ? or arrest . jane it be just a rally . not a riot . RUTH that thing can get out of hand . jane I be fifteen year old . you do not have to control every minute of -- RUTH yes . I do . that 's my job . you job be to go to school and learn . ( continued ) 35 jane gloria say we need to un - learn the status quo . RUTH you be on a first name basis now ? Jane see Martin come from the kitchen . for Ruth , off : Ruth . int . weil , jane ... you know what , Mom ? you may be satisfied sit around with you student talk about how shitty it be to be a girl -- martin hey , language . jane but do not pretend it 's a movement . it 's not a movement if everyone 's sit . that 's a support group . it sting . Martin see it . martin Jane that 's enough . RUTH ( to Martin ) we should get go . jane yeah . go make yourself pretty for daddy 's party . gotshal & mange reception area - night mahogany and marble , the firm 's name in brass . partner ( 5as + ) , associate ( 30 ) and intern ( 20 ) mingling . all man . near the buffet : Martin stand out in he short - sleeve , collare shir . he 's surround by a group of eager intern . martin it be well know . tax be the only genuinely funny area of the law . intern 1 I think most of we just want career that have more ... impact . ( continued ) 36 Martin glance across the room : the wive be segregated in a corner ... but he note that Ruth be not among they . as he regales the intern , he continue to scan the room ... martin do you know that in Sweden , young people often do not get marry ? the intern chuckle . nervously . unsure what to say . martin ( cont 'd ) it 's true . they get engage . live together . raise family . but they do not marry . you want to know why ? intern 1 they can have sex without it ? the intern laugh . not Martin . .... as he finally find Ruth : martin because of tax . in a corner : alone . Ruth sip a glass of wine , inspect a frame , modernist painting . until she gaze land on Martin . watch she while he talk . she smile at he . back by the buffet : Martin continue he lesson . tipping he head , he crack a smile . martin ( cont 'd ) after the war , Sweden decide marry couple should file joint tax return . but unlike the United States , they do not give the couple a benefit . married swede find themselves in much higher tax bracket . so , they get divorced . he know he 's get they hook . martin ( cont 'd ) ' course they keep live together . nearby : tom maller ( 55 , senior partner and Martin 's boss ) approach the buffet and , as he fill a plate , be draw into Martin 's story . martin ( cont 'd ) so the government pass a new law . if a couple get divorced , but continue live together -- then for tax purpose they have still be consider marry . ... ( more ) ( continued ) 37 martin ( cont 'd ) people do what anyone would . add a second entrance to they home and a wall down the middle . with a door for easy access . the intern laugh . Tom maller smile . martin ( cont 'd ) Fine . once marry , now divorced , two - earner couple in sub-divide home would , for tax purpose , be consider live together and -- intern 1 and therefore still marry . Martin 's laugh with the intern now . Ruth arrive . take a glass of wine off a waiter 's tray , and hand it to Martin : martin it keep go . for decade . while a whole generation of swede simply avoid the issue by never get marry . ... thanks , honey . ... have you meet my wife ? RUTH the moral of he story be that , in they attempt to raise revenue , the swedish government ruin all that young man 's best hope at happiness . martin exactly . because how a government tax its citizen be a declaration of a country 's value . he turn to look intern 1 - who challenge he - in the eye . martin ( cont 'd ) now what in the world could have more impact than that ? as the point hit , maller put a arm over Martin 's shoulder . maller you would be wise to listen , boy . I swear to Christ , Martin ginsburg 'il be signing all we check some day . as Martin smile modestly , maller take it too far : ( continued ) 38 maller ( cont ’d ) you be a smart girl , ruthy . you marry a star . off RUTH : stung , but bite she tongue . ext . midtown manhattan STREET - later Ruth walk ahead quietly . Martin see she 's irritate ... martin Tom maller be barely evolve . he start walk upright last week . RUTH you always do that . you act like it do not matter . but all the little brush -off , the dismissive pat on the head ... it matter , marty . martin why ? you know what you do be important . she keep walk . martin ( cont 'd ) Fine . next time my boss give I a clumsy compliment , I 'il challenge he to a duel . will that help ? RUTH I would not want to hurt you stellar reputation . Martin stop . martin what do you want I to do , Ruth ? should I quit in protest ? tell I what you want , and I will do it . RUTH nothing ! I want ... nothing . I want you to go to work and wow you boss and client . RUTH ( cont ’d ) martin and be the youngest partner that 's not fair ! give I a in the history of the firm . break . ( continued ) 39 RUTH and I want you to walk I home , marty . so I can sit in my corner and write a lesson plan to inspire the next generation of lawyer to go forth and fight for equality . martin what could possibly be more important than that ? I do not understand why you be act like it 's a punishment . you be teach young people to change the world ! it come burst out : RUTH because that 's what I want to do ! as she walk off -- leave he there -- the admission be as much a shock to she as it be to he ... int . ginsburg apartment - bedroom - later Ruth sit at the table that be once in they kitchen in Cambridge . she 's write lesson plan , sip coffee . she ignore a knock on the door . Martin enter anyway . and drop , right onto she papers , a small , yellow booklet -- the tax court advance sheet ( tcas ) . martin page ten . RUTH I do not read tax Court case . martin read this one . the IRS would not allow a tax deduction for the petitioner to hire a nurse to take care of a invalid mother . RUTH sound like a real page-turner . martin ask I why . RUTH marty . I have a lecture to write . ( continued ) 40 he seem to accept it . and head for the door . but before he go , he turn back : martin it 's because the petitioner be a man . when she turn to he , he grin -- and be go . Ruth open the tcas : charle E. moritz V. commissioner of internal revenue ... int . ginsburg apartment - live room - later Martin putt a golf ball under the couch and into a water cup . when he look up , Ruth 's in the doorway . tcas in hand : RUTH section 214 of the tax code assume a caregiver have to be a woman . this be sex - base discrimination ... against a man . martin poor guy . RUTH if a federal court rule that this law be unconstitutional , it would become the precedent other refer to and build on . Men and woman both . it could topple the whole damn system of discrimination . she notice the delight on he face . RUTH ( cont 'd ) what ? ... what be it ? martin no. nothing . I be just thrilled by you sudden enthusiasm for tax law . she put she arm around he : RUTH marty . we need to take this case . int . aclu reception area - day a open bullpen bustling with the urgency of a military hq . there 's a culture war , and this be front- line soldier . a sign over reception : american civil libertie union . ( continued ) 41 a elevator slide open , revealing RUTH ... she head for the receptionist , crossing path with aclu staffer ( various age , race , gender ) , hearing snippet of conversation : aclu staffer 1 of course he say he 's against bombing Cambodia . I want to know , where 's he bill to de -fund it ? another staffer be hold up a T-shirt -- a '' wanted : dead or alive '' poster with a cop in the middle . aclu staffer 2 ( to a third staffer ) it 's derogatory . it 's taunting . but it 's speech . not conduct . RUTH ( to receptionist ) mel wulf be expect I . phone to she ear , the receptionist motion for she to wait . mel wulf , the aclu 's legal director ( 40 , handsome , wildly smart ) , be escort a guest to the elevator : mel I need exact word . do he say he want to get he hand on Nixon , or that he hope the viet cong do ? he notice Ruth at reception . and grin mischievously . aclu staffer 3 why ? what 's the difference ? mel five year in prison . would you excuse I ? as Ruth wait , mel sneak up behind she ... mel ( cont 'd ) ( chant ) I be a little acorn round / lie on the dusty ground ... Ruth spin on he . as mel jump into a intricate choreograph routine of stomp , clap and jazz-hand . ( continued ) 42 mel ( cont 'd ) everybody step on I . / so I 'ma little crack you see ... everyone stop . to watch . the receptionist lower the phone . Ruth smile -- blush . mel ( cont 'd ) I be a nut / but that 's no sin . / at Camp che - to -wah , I will fit right in . arm spread . breathe heavy . a broad grin . mel ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman . the three - time Camp che-na- wah all - around camper : Ruth '' kiki '' bader . a smatter of applause . as mel strut toward Ruth , he joke to a laugh colleague ... mel ( cont 'd ) hey . you think this job 's hard ? I use to judge the fifteen - and - under with a color war trophy on the line . ( to Ruth ) hi kiki . whaddya say ? int . aclu office - corridor - later Ruth follow mel down a crowded hallway . he 's read the tax Court Advance sheet as they walk . mel you say you have a case . this be not a case . it 's the open salvo in a fifty - year war for a new class of civil rights . RUTH yes ! exactly ! mel I can not help you . this be beyond my mandate . RUTH american civil libertie Union . woman 's right be civil rights . ( continued ) 43 mel I be still get flack for defend draft card burner . and a right to protest actually exist . he hand Ruth the Advance sheet . as they stop before he office : '' melvin wulf / legal director '' . he open the door . but neither move . mel ( cont 'd ) after you . int . mel' office - continuous mel close the door behind they . then relax into he chair , foot up on the desk . as Ruth sit across from he : mel how 's marty ? still protect the rich from the predation of the poor ? she give he a look . RUTH if we be go to appeal , the court need to agree there 's a constitutional handle here . mel how do you even convince this guy to let you represent he ? RUTH I will take care of that . alone , the judge -- mel be you kid I ? RUTH the judge may not give marty and I the benefit of the doubt . but with you name alongside ours on the brief ... he consider she ... RUTH ( cont 'd ) you must see the opportunity this case represent . ( continued ) 44 mel you think judge will be sympathetic because they all have prostate ? Men and woman eat at the same lunch counter . we drink at the same fountain . we go to the same school . RUTH woman can not attend Dartmouth . mel Men can not go to Smith . RUTH woman police officer can not patrol New York City street . we have to get credit card in we husband 's name . mel you be fifty - one percent of the population . you be not even a minority . anyway , it 's be try . muller . goesaert . what ’s— - she - name with the baseball bat . RUTH gwendolyn hoyt . mel exactly . RUTH and morally , they be right . mel yet they lose . look around you , Ruth . morality do not win the day . dorothy kenyon could not even get woman equality argue a case with sex , murder , and prison - time on the line . you and marty really think you be gonna do it with this guy and he tax ? ext . acluss office build - day a tower in Manhattan 's financial district . a man hold the door for Ruth -- and she take the other . she storm past Business Men and secretaries . taxis and phone booth . the sound of car horn and construction be oppressive . as she disappear down the step of a subway station ... ( continued ) 45 a moment later : Ruth re-emerges . eyeing a phone booth ... she step inside . RUTH ( into the phone ) Operator . I need a number . ... Denver , Colorado . ext . lexington ave . - day martin be on the corner , wave down a cab . as it pull over , he 's urging Ruth , Jane and James to hurry up ... martin c’mon ! c’mon ! down on the block : they be hurry . Jane pull Ruth 's bag . RUTH ( to Jane ) you be go to have to get James from school while I be in Denver . jane Mom . I tell you , denise and I be start we consciousness - raise group . RUTH then take James with you . ( look they over ) will you be all right ? Jane put a hand on James 's shoulder . jane we will survive somehow . go kick ass . Martin 's load she bag : martin meter 's run . Ruth approach he ... RUTH what if I can not convince he ? martin what if you never try ? they kiss . and she get in the taxi ... ( continued ) 46 Martin watch it all the way down the street . jame daddy . why 's mommy go to Denver ? martin she 's climb a mountain . E / i. moritz house - denver - day Ruth walk up the path to a modest home in a leafy Denver suburb . she ring the bell . no answer . she knock , wait patiently . and finally try look through a nearby window . moritz ( 0.s. ) Mrs. ginsburg ... she 's startle . the front door have open to reveal charle moritz ( 60' , live - in face , no shoe ) . moritz ( cont 'd ) you be early . RUTH ( check she watch ) I can come back in ten minute , if you prefer . moritz you might as well come in now and have you say . Ruth follow he into the entryway , where he indicate for she to remove she shoe . as she slip off she heel , she mountain seem steeper . int . moritz house - live room —- moment later Moritz point out a sofa where Ruth can wait ... moritz I ' 1l be with you in a minute . he cross the room to he mother ( 85 ) . in a wheelchair by a window . napkin tuck into she shirt . tomato Soup on a tv tray beside she . moritz ( cont 'd ) mother . this be Ruth ginsburg . the New York lawyer I tell you about . ( continued ) 47 RUTH Mrs. Moritz ... hello . Moritz 's mother give Ruth a dismissive look . to she son : moritz's mother I think she would be bigger . as Ruth wait , she look at family photo on the mantle . one in particular catch she eye : a young , proud Charlie as the drum major in a march band . RUTH I see you be a drum major . I be a twirler . moritz that be a thousand year ago . so much for make a connection . Ruth pull out a legal pad . Moritz finish feed he mom . he hand she a large- print crossword puzzle and try to put a pencil in she hand , which shake uncontrollably . eventually , she secure it . Moritz return to Ruth . RUTH Mr. Moritz . about you case ... moritz I do not have a case . four lawyer tell I so before I go to Court myself and ask for justice . and that judge ... tietjen , he basically say I be a tax cheat . RUTH be you ? moritz I have never cheat at anything in my life ! suddenly , from the other side of the room ... and loud ! moritz's mother '' tasmanian egg -layer . '' eight letter . moritz not now , Mom . ( continued ) 48 RUTH ( ready to take note ) tell I in you own word : why do you hire a nurse ? moritz if you have never care for a ail parent ... RUTH ( pain by the memory ) I have . he 's surprised . moritz then you know . between the dress , the bathing , the toilet . it 's not a task for one person . especially when you have a day job . if it be not for cleeta , I would have to put mom in a home . RUTH and so you deduct cleeta 's salary on you tax . moritz's mother '' tasmanian egg -layer . '' second letter L. moritz Mom . i’1l help you in a bit . RUTH ( loudly , helpfully ) how about ' platypus 's ? Moritz 's mother write it down . Ruth smile to Moritz . he do not smile back . moritz I be a salesman Mrs. ginsburg . I know when I be be sell . RUTH with due respect , you have $ 296 at issue . I be not here for the money . we would represent you appeal pro - bono , if you 'il let we . moritz the judge say that tax code be plain . ( more ) ( continued ) 49 moritz ( cont 'd ) the caregiver deduction be available to all woman . but only to man whose wife be incapacitate or dead . or who be divorced . RUTH and you have never be marry . ... the man who write that law could not even fathom that a bachelor choose to take care of a parent at home might exist . moritz so ... what ? the judge be wrong ? RUTH Mr. Moritz , the law be wrong . he take a beat to respond . moritz you be a long way from home . you must be hungry after you trip . Ruth nod with a smile . int . moritz residence - kitchen - later Moritz be make cold - cut sandwich -- mixing he own mustard - horseradish spread . Ruth be at a small table . moritz what 's so difficult for my mother be that she 's know she 's fade . and there 's nothing she can do to stop it . Ruth consider it ... RUTH the hardest part for my mom ... it must have be -- when she be young , she be expect to tend to she father and brother , instead of go to college . ... the idea that now she daughter ... that I be take care of she ... moritz how do you manage to do both ? you be just a girl . ( continued ) 50 RUTH and you be ' just a unmarried man . 's ( she think about it ... ) we both confound expectation . he finish the sandwich and sit . Ruth bite into hers . RUTH ( cont 'd ) this be delicious . I be famish . he watch she eat for a moment . Moritz 's mother and she nurse , cleeta ( 70 ) , pass by in the hall ... moritz if it 's not for the money , then why be you here ? she put down the sandwich . RUTH the 14th amendment to the United States constitution say all people must be treat equally under the law . and yet , there be ... I do not know how many law -- like the caregiver deduction -- that say , in effect , woman stay home , and man go to work , and that it should stay that way forever . ... I want to convince the federal court that that law be unconstitutional . moritz ( impressed ) how do you do that ? RUTH one case at a time . start with yours . we will submit a brief state we argument . then the government will submit a response . and both side will present oral argument at the 10th circuit Court of appeal , here in Denver . moritz ( a know smile ) so I be a guinea pig ? ( continued ) RUTH no , sir . you be the man march out ahead of the band , lead the way . just like the drum major you use to be . he smile . RUTH ( cont 'd ) can you imagine , Charlie , if we mom have grow up in a world where girl could dream as big as boy ? 51 she look back to he . it 's plain in he look : he 's in . ext . weil , gotshal & mange - night a brisk autumn evening . Martin and Tom maller come out of the building . as they look and cross the street : maller for God 's sake . I have invest a lot of my own reputation building up you career . now you be wanna dump it down the toilet for some cockamamie case ? martin my contract say I need permission to take outside work . so I be ask . but -- maller you be on track to be the youngest partner at the firm . do yourself a favor . do not blow it . he notice Martin 's slow down ... maller ( cont 'd ) I think you live uptown ? ( continued ) 52 martin I be pick up Ruth 's dry-clean around the corner . maller Jesus Christ . ... what be you do this for marty ? you be gonna go blindly traipsing into this case ... for what ? so the little woman can feel like she 's a real lawyer ? martin ( hold in he fury ) Tom . I be determine to -- maller you really want to support she ? tell she the truth . martin which be ? maller the case be unwinnable . you must know that . Congress can write whatever tax it want . that 's not open to constitutional attack . martin you only say that because no one 's ever do it successfully before . maller Fine . so try it . I will not stop you . Martin 's relieved . maller ( cont 'd ) but when you lose , be ready for you career to come crash back to Earth . as maller leave , check he watch , Martin weigh the warning .. int . ginsburg apartment - night on the dine room table : a dog -ear copy of to kill a mockingbird , and a essay by Jane , cross out and mark up in red pen -- '' atticus finch : great american lawyer . '' RUTH murder can never be condon . least of all by a lawyer . ( continued ) 53 jane it 's call justice , mom . RUTH what 's just to you may not be just to I or to someone else . in the foyer : Martin enter . jane you know what I mean . martin good evening ! ignore , Martin notice the book on the table . jane would it kill you to admit that maybe I be actually right about something ? this be a ' a' paper ! RUTH of course it be . you be a beautiful writer . that 's not the point . martin whoa ! whoa ! whoa ! ... please tell I you be not go ten round over to kill a mockingbird . jane daddy . tell she atticus finch can be a role model . RUTH he cover up Bob ewell 's murder . he be a terrible lawyer . jane why ? ' Cause you say so ? RUTH jane ( cont 'd ) not I . Canon one of the --. what be you talk american bar Association 's about ?! model code of professional responsi -- RUTH legal ethic . jane you would do exactly the same thing -- if you actually have a heart . ( continued ) 54 martin all right . that 's enough . she storm off -- disappear down the hall . her door slam . RUTH I do not know where she get she stubbornness . Martin let it lie . as Ruth go to the dine room table , and copy onto a note card a quote from a legal tome : martin «.. so how be you ? she look at he : how be I ? ... then pick up one of the book open beside she , and hand it to he -- highlight : martin ( cont 'd ) ( read aloud ) '' History disclose that woman have always be dependent upon man . like child , she need special care . this justify a difference in legislation . '' RUTH muller v Oregon . the law of the land . she pick up another book ... RUTH ( cont 'd ) or bradwell v Illinois . ( read aloud ) '' the destiny of woman be the benign office of wife and mother . this be the law of the creator . '' ... and for how long have you be hearing the voice of the creator , justice Bradley ? martin maybe the creator submit a amicus brief . RUTH on a stone tablet , no doubt . she toss the book aside . ( continued ) 55 RUTH ( cont 'd ) I be write this brief , and cite the same case , come up against the exact same precedent as everyone before we . if this be what we go in with ... with a look , he share she worry . from janea bedroom come blaring music : '' ohio '' by crosby , still and nash . Ruth and Martin share a look . when Ruth move to get up , Martin wave she back ... int . ginsburg apartment - jane 's bedroom - moment later Jane over she math homework be the mirror-image of Ruth with she brief . Martin knock and enter . jane I be busy . he turn down the record . when Jane look up at he , he 's surprised to see she eye be well with tear ... martin come here . she sit beside he on the bed . and for a beat , let he hug she ... then shrug he off . jane I be fine . I can be as tough as she be . ... she 's a bully . she need everybody to know how smart she be . martin you want mommy to stop be smart ? jane I want she to stop rub it in everyone 's face all the time . ( off he look ) do not tell I she do not . martin rubbing it in people 's face be the only way she 's ever get anyone to notice . Jane hear he . ( continued ) 56 martin ( cont 'd ) grandma celia die when Mom be about you age . but right up to she die breath , they would read together , and debate idea , and she would make mom question everything . «+. Jane , Mom be not bully you . she do not want you to feel small . she want to share what she mother teach she . .... that 's how she show she heart . Jane be touch . martin ( cont 'd ) maybe she overdo it sometimes . int . ginsburg apartment - dine room - later Ruth be at the typewriter , still work . Martin enter . take one of she reference book . and join she . Ruth look up and watch he . ... until he notice . RUTH be she okay ? martin she will be fine . they resume work . together . until Ruth look up again ... RUTH I love you . martin I love you . ext . lower west side - sidewalk - day a shop owner clean graffiti off he store window . cast iron facade . pot-hol street . dumpster overflow . and against the gray sky , the twin tower be be build . in she up - town coat , Ruth be out of place . search for a address . beside she , Jane , in a short skirt and knee-highs , hug she denim jacket tighter against the blustery , late - autumn cold . jane this be stupid . you be the one who say I be suppose to be in school . ( continued ) 57 RUTH if you be go to write about great american lawyer , you may as well meet one . they come to a derelict building with a empty storefront . share a wary look . and step over a drunk , pass out on the sidewalk . enter ... int . downtown build - moment later as they come down a long hallway , Ruth grab Jane 's wrist , hold she back . awestruck . dorothy kenyon be lock a door mark '' Attorney '' in peel paint . she 's slender , with a white bob beneath a broad - rimmed , floppy hat . her eye be vivacious ; they can flash from humor to fiery passion without blink . door lock , she turn . and find they . kenyon you lady look lose . Ruth watch she -- a long beat . kenyon ( cont 'd ) well , spit it out . RUTH Ms. kenyon . we be here to see you . I try to make a appointment . kenyon here I be . I do not have all day . RUTH .».. it 's about gwendolyn hoyt . kenyon ah . in that case I have no interest in talk to either one of you . she shove the key into she large bag . as she blow by they , Ruth and Jane follow . RUTH I be argue a case ... sex - discrimination violate the equal protection principle . ( continued ) 58 kenyon ' equal Protection 's be coin to grant equality to the negro -- a task at which it have dismally fail . what make you think woman would fare any better ? RUTH please . if we could just talk for -- kenyon turn on they : kenyon you wanna know how I blow it , that it ? what I would do differently ? why ? you think you can change the country ? she indicate Jane , who be take by surprise . kenyon ( cont 'd ) you should look to she generation . they be take to the street . demand change . like we do when we fight for the vote . Jane give Ruth a '' I tell ya so '' look . kenyon ( cont 'd ) we mistake be think we have win . we start ask please . as if civil rights be sweet to be hand out by judge . RUTH protest be important . but change the culture mean nothing , if the law do not change . as a lawyer , you must believe that . ( continued ) she walk 59 kenyon let I guess : you be a professor , be not you ? yeah . a ton of knowledge , and no smart . jane Mom . we should go . kenyon you want advice ? here it be . tell you client she will not find equality in a courtroom . away ... Ruth follow : RUTH my client 's name be Charles Moritz . kenyon that 's cute . RUTH he hire a nurse who help care for he mother . but he be deny a caregiver deduction on he tax . kenyon do the calculation . it take she a beat -- but just a beat -- to put it together . kenyon stop . kenyon he 's never be marry . you find a bachelor take care of he mother at home ? .... the judge will be repulse by he . RUTH feeling anything be a start . kenyon +. what do you say you name be ? RUTH Ruth bader ginsburg . she and kenyon watch one another for a extend beat . kenyon well ... sorry Professor ginsburg . maybe someday . but the country be not ready . Change mind first . then change the law . ... ( more ) ( continued ) kenyon ( cont 'd ) 60 if you will excuse I , the mayor 's decide to rename the neighborhood , so now a developer 's kick thirty family out of a building he abandon ten year ago . as she head to the stairwell ... kenyon ( cont 'd ) .-. soho . who 's ever hear of a ridiculous thing ? Ruth and Jane share a look : whoa . ext . lower west side - sidewalk - later it 's raining hard as Ruth and Jane exit . such they open they umbrella . Ruth look back the way they come . then point Jane in the other direction . RUTH let 's catch a cab . they start walk . jane I know she 's you personal hero and all . but she 's kind of a bitch . RUTH no . she 's formidable . ... dorothy kenyon have be fight for Civil rights and woman 's rights and Labor rights she entire career . she do not always win . but she make damn sure she be take seriously . the rain be pelting down . Ruth and Jane take cover under a scaffold . a cab pass , but its dome light be off . they lower they umbrella . jane she do not help you . ... what be you go to do ? RUTH it 's the right cause . it 's the right client . but woman have be lose this same argument for over a century . jane well ... just because you lose a hundred year before you start be no reason not to try to win . Ruth consider it ... and realize : ( continued ) 61 RUTH Jane . that be incredibly wise . jane do you know who say it first ? ( Ruth do not ) atticus finch . in Ruth 's look : '' touché . '' across the street , two con ed worker shout and whistle at they lasciviously . construction worker lookin 's good , lady . we will warm you up ... if you be get wet . RUTH ( check for another cab ) it 's okay . just ignore they . construction worker too good for we , huh ? bitches ! Jane shout back at they . jane Real nice . you kiss you mother with that mouth ? asshole . that shut the worker up . Jane see Ruth 's surprise . jane ( cont 'd ) Mom . you can not just let boy talk to you like that . at that moment , Jane see a vacant cab approach . she dash out fearlessly and yell : jane ( cont 'd ) taxi ! the cab brake sharply . Ruth start out after she , but stop mid-street . Jane 's at the cab door . Ruth look around at the construction worker tear down building , wild posting for a joni Mitchell concert ; a couple make out ; sexy woman on a billboard ... jane ( cont 'd ) Mom , c’mon. ( to the taxi driver ) yeah , yeah . hold on a second . she return to she mother . she 's not sure what 's go on ... jane ( cont 'd ) he 's not gonna wait forever . you be get soak . ( continued ) 62 RUTH twenty year . ( a beat ) look at you . it may as well be two hundred . jane you lose I . RUTH it 's only twenty year since I be you age . back then girl be tell : '' be a lady . '' '' speak when speak to . '' '' respect you elder . '' Jane 's get where she mom be head ... jane now it 's ' do not trust anyone over thirty ! 's RUTH they teach I how to curtsy in school . ( laugh ) I could not go out wear pants . jane I be not even wear a bra . the cabbie honk impatiently . RUTH you be a liberated , fearless young woman . twenty year ago , you could not have be who you be today . ( a beat ) dorothy kenyon 's wrong . the time have already change . begin -- brief -writing sequence : int . rutger law school - classroom - evening Ruth . alone . consult a book . hunched over a legal pad . write . cross out . and start again . outside the door : a janitor buff the hallway floor . ( continued ) 63 RUTH ( v.o. ) it 's what Professor freund say at Harvard ... omitted int . ginsburg apartment - kitchen - night Ruth 's stand at the counter . eat leftover . Martin be read the type note . concerned ... RUTH '' RA court ought not be affect by the weather of the day . but will be by the climate of the era . '' martin okay ... so we be not re-fighting the old case . RUTH we be argue the precedent should no longer apply . martin but Ruth , freund be talk about Brown v. board of Ed . that be a once - in-a-generation case . RUTH and we be the next generation . off martin : impressed . int . rutger law school - faculty office - day Ruth be dictating she note to a department secretary , millicent ( 28 , sultry ) , who be type they up . int . ginsburg apartment - live room - night Martin be on the couch , write note on Ruth 's type work . in the background : Jane be lay out dinner on the table . Ruth be on the floor , play checker with James . jame King I ! 64 int . ginsburg apartment - bedroom - night on the wall over she desk , Ruth tack up the same note card . see : other . and newspaper clipping . it 's the outline of she argument . Martin 's on the bed , surround by book , write he tax section of the brief . int . rutger law school - faculty office - day close on typewriter keys striking the paper : '' change in societal attitude . '' ... '' unalterable biological trait . '' int . rutger law school - classroom - evening Ruth 's add a coffee pot to the room . some of she class be with she . they be pass book , newspaper , journal -- and chinese food carton -- between they . animate . discuss . over this , start to hear : millicent 's typing ... ext . new york STREET - night as the typing continue , getting louder ... Ruth and Martin walk -- dress in overcoat : martin we client be a man . we can not lose sight of that . Men be also harme by this stereotype . boy who be tell they be not suppose to be nurse , or teacher , or - - RUTH cook dinner for they family . martin we be count on you , too . int . ginsburg apartment - live room - night Ruth and Martin be cuddle on the couch . write note on they work ... notice one another , they stop . kiss ... and resume work . the typing continue . louder still ... 65 int . rutger law school - faculty office - day millicent be type up they hand - write page ... she pull out the final page . int . rutger law school - RUTH 's office - later millicent enter -- the type Moritz brief in hand : millicent Professor ginsburg ? I finish type the brief . RUTH ( accept it ) you be a saint , millicent . millicent May I make a observation ? ... it 's just ... I be type you brief . and jump out all over it be , well ... sex - sex - sex - sex -sex -sex . it reek of hormone and backseat and -- you know how man be . maybe you should try a less distracting word . she and Ruth exchange a look ... millicent ( cont ’d ) maybe ... gender ? RUTH you realize that mean ... millicent that 's no problem . I be happy to type it again . off Ruth : end sequence . int . aclu office - corridor - day mel hurry down the hallway , chat with a lawyer . mel guess do I no good . I need to know how many people be actually turn away from the poll . ( continued ) 66 aclu staffer 4 the affiliate still have not send the list . mel call Brian tanner . remind he , please , that we be on the same team . and tell he if he do not start act like it , I 'il come to Wisconsin and rip he god-damn throat out myself ! as he open he office door : kenyon ( 0.s. ) melvin . do not you mother ever teach you to clean you room ? int . mel' office - continuous she 's sit behind he desk . reading a newspaper -- the idaho statesman . mel , surprised , enter and close the door . mel Ms. kenyon . be it time for you annual dusting - off already ? kenyon laugh . as she fold she newspaper ... kenyon in 1776 , abigail Adams write she husband a letter . '' as you write this new constitution , '' she say , '' remember the lady . '' know what the bastard go ahead and do ? mel I can guess . she slam the paper down , the article orient toward he : '' court find for cecil reed . '' mel ( cont 'd ) the Idaho statesman ? you need a hobby . kenyon this poor people . Sally and cecil reed . divorce . they son commit suicide , and both parent want to administer he estate . ( more ) ( continued ) 67 kenyon ( cont 'd ) in Idaho the law say that in this situation , male must be prefer to female . why ? ' Cause man be better at math . she tap the newspaper article with she finger . kenyon ( cont 'd ) the Idaho Supreme Court just say that be perfectly legal . with some effort , she get up . take she over-size bag with she . as she do : mel dorothy . I have get student protestor in jail in California . I have get school in Mississippi that still refuse to desegrega -- kenyon eh , you be a sissy . the board threaten to can you ' cause you stand up for draft dodger , and you tail 's be between you leg ever since . mel that 's not -- I do not have the resource to take this on . kenyon I have see you stand up to the might of government with sling and stone for what you know be right . and kid , I love ya for it . they be not gonna fire you , mel . the board 's a bunch of tired old fool , and they do not have the nerve to do it . I should know ; I be one of ‘em . she take he hand . kenyon ( cont 'd ) John Adams forget the lady . and it 's time the aclu get back in the fight . with a look , he concede . kenyon ( cont 'd ) good. ( digging into she bag ) now here 's where you start . ( more ) ( continued ) 68 kenyon ( cont 'd ) a case head for the tenth circuit . Professor out of Rutgers . smart cookie . she present he with a copy of Ruth 's Moritz brief ... he look at it . surprise . then he surprise turn into clarity -- he glance at the newspaper still on he desk : mel ( " of course '' ) Ruth . she pat he on the cheek . kenyon you be a good boy . int . rutger law school - classroom - day the fourteenth amendment be write on the board . Ruth , before she class , underline the equal Protection clause ... RUTH but nowhere do the constitution say the federal government must treat people equally . what do the Court say about that ? Mrs. parker . parker that the due process clause imply that equal Protection apply to the federal government as well . RUTH can you cite the case ? parker hesitates . unsure . ... reveal : mel boll v sharpe . 347 U.S. 497 . he 's in the doorway . a briefcase in hand . mel ( cont 'd ) decide in conjunction with Brown v board of Ed in 1954 , boll desegregate Washington , D.C. 's public school . Chief justice Warren , write for the Court . .... how about it , teach ? do I get a a ? off RUTH : omitted int . diner — day Ruth and mel with coffee . only mel be eat pie . he reach into he bag -- and drop Ruth 's brief between they . a accusation in he eye . mel it be well play Ruth , send you work to kenyon . RUTH ( play innocent ) I think she might have advice . mel cut the shit . just do not play game with I again . they stare each other down for a beat ... RUTH what do you think of the brief ? mel ( admit it ) it 's a compelling argument . brilliantly reason . this day more woman than ever be work . and why not ? we have pre-schools and wash machine and cheap contraceptive . RUTH Times have change . mel but there 's a glaring problem ... in the unlikely event that you win this thing -- what 's the remedy ? the Court take away the caregiver deduction from everyone -- include work mother . and then you have do more harm than good . RUTH no . do you remember justice harlan 's opinion last June in welsh v United States ? ( continued ) mel ( get it , impressed ) he say law could be extend , when do so would be closer to the legislature 's intent than overturn would be . RUTH we be add one more section to the brief , urging the Court to extend the law -- to include Charlie as well as everyone else . 70 mel run through the argument in he mind . it could work . mel I still say I would rather be a woman in America than a black man . or a socialist . or religious minority ... but the aclu will put its name on you brief . RUTH we appreciate you support . she give it a beat ... RUTH ( cont 'd ) now let 's talk about you take on reed v reed . ( off he look ) all man in Idaho be better at math ?! it 's a perfect example of -- mel quit while you be ahead , kiki . one case . that 's all you get . as he go for he wallet : RUTH the Moritz argument work just as well for a female client . and reed 's a state supreme court case . which mean the US Supreme Court must hear the appeal . ( he 's ignore she ) call Sally reed 's lawyer , mel . mel I tell you , I be not start another fifty - year battle . I would worry about defend my own case , if I be you . he toss some cash on the table . and rise to go . ( continued ) 71 mel ( cont 'd ) I expect to see you remedy argument before you submit to the tenth circuit . and I want to be there when you practice you oral argument . ( before she can protest ) we be hold a moot court . that 's not negotiable . RUTH ( relenting ) when ? mel as soon as we get the government 's response brief . ext . department of justice ( DOJ ) - day impose , limestone facade -- gray in the winter - morning light . over the entry : '' justice be found in the rights bestow by nature upon man . '' bozarth ( v.o. ) ..- a pig ' aint good for nothing but sit in its own filth . int . DOJ - tax division - bozarth 's cubicle - day jim bozarth ( 26 ) , a government lawyer , be full of airy , likeable , college - boy confidence . in he unclutter cubicle : a photo of he wife and a University of Texas coffee mug . he 's yukking it up with a colleague ( 25 ) : bozarth it 's the first rule of barbecue . you start with a cow . colleague well , you could try up in Columbia Heights , if not for ... you know , the riot . bozarth for a slab of beef cook low and slow ? I will pack my ..45 . gladys ( 55 ) approach before he with a file cart . a reliable cog in the machine of government . she hand he a brief . and a clipboard . ( continued ) 72 gladys ( v.0o . ) bozarth . you finish a case today . as bozarth 's colleague take he leave , she pass bozarth he new assignment ... gladys sign for you next brief . insert : tenth circuit Court of appeal / Charles Moritz v commissioner of Internal Revenue / author - Ruth bader ginsburg ; Martin ginsburg ; melvin wulf , legal director , aclu . bozarth let out a long whistle . bozarth 10th circuit Court of appeal . know who I be , gladys ? gladys sure do . you be the kid who 's go to sign my form . bozarth ( as he do -- grin ) I be a guy move up in the world . he settles in , foot on the desk -- and open the brief . gladys in the meantime , the chief best not catch you with you foot on that desk . he take they down . and re-open the brief . bozarth howdy , Mr. Moritz . and what can you uncle Sam do for you today ? int . DOJ - tax division office - later brief in hand , bozarth head down a hallway to a close door mark '' special Attorney / tax division '' . stop . prepare himself . ... then knock . brown ( through door ) -.. what be it ? 73 int . DOJ - brown 's office - later the room be utilitarian . straight line and right angle . with a orderly and organize charm that 's invite . ( Professor ) Brown be 65 now . dignify . finish to a high polish . he 's at he desk read the brief . bozarth watch . bozarth you can not make a constitutional challenge to the tax code . right ? brown ( still read ) it 's a stretch . bozarth and who 's ever hear of ' gender discrimination ? 's Brown give he a look . then finish read . bozarth ( cont 'd ) this folk be runnin 's at Hell with a bucket of water . brown case law be fill with challenge that could not be make ... until they be . I be put Murphy on write we response brief . bozarth with due respect , Mr. Brown -- brown it be not personal , bozarth . but if we be not careful , this appeal will cast a cloud of unconstitutionality over every federal law that differentiate between man and woman . I need someone more seasoned on it . for bozarth , it 's a body blow . Brown pick up he phone ... brown ( cont 'd ) could you get I the solicitor General , please ? bozarth summon he courage . bozarth I pull the file . I deserve the chance . Murphy 's a weak sister . ( continued ) 74 Brown give he a dismissive look . bozarth lean in . firm : bozarth ( cont 'd ) I know how to win this case , sir . better than Murphy . better than anyone . you need I on this appeal . Brown stare . a bit impressed . a bit dubious ... before he can decide , someone pick up on the other end of the line . brown ( eye still on bozarth ) this be Brown . I need to see he . ext . capitol build - day a cold day . the ground dust with snow . but ( Dean ) erwin griswold do not seem to notice . he 's 67 now , and Nixon 's solicitor General . Brown and bozarth walk with he ... griswold for God 's sake ! where do it end ? gender equality as a civil right ?! brown when everyone 's aggrieve and a victim . it 's what the aclu do . divide the country into smaller and smaller subgroup . griswold ginsburg ... Cancer , right ? and the wife . very demand . brown but smart . griswold ten year . ten year I fight to enroll woman at Harvard Law . the faculty , the university -- even my wife warn I it could come back to haunt I . now this be the thanks I get . brown erwin , we could settle . Martin ginsburg be one of my best student . a practical young man . I can call he , tell he we will let the man have he money . and we go we separate way . griswold think about it for a beat ... ( continued ) 75 griswold no. ... no . we settle now , it 's open season . let 's put the idea of gender discrimination to bed once and for all . they hand we a winnable case . brown ( on the mission ) then we will win it . griswold talk of bozarth as if the young man be not there : griswold you be sure he 's up to it . brown Mr. bozarth be a fine litigator . ( to bozarth ) tell he you idea . bozarth we list the law . griswold what law ? bozarth all of ‘em . every federal law that treat man and woman differently . so the Court see exactly the can of worm this folk be -- griswold 's belly - laugh interrupt he . until , look between Brown and bozarth , griswold realize it 's not a joke . ( continued ) 76 griswold last I check , the U.S. code be 20,000 page long . ( to Brown ) whose gonna read it ? him ? bozarth I can get it do , sir . all I need be a introduction . griswold 's interest be pique . griswold to whom ? bozarth know exactly how outrageous it sound : bozarth ... the Secretary of Defense . ext . the pentagon - day sprawl . it dwarf the Washington monument in the distance . int . the pentagon - day reel of magnetic tape spin . glow switch clack . and the whole room hum . a keypunch operator ( female , 22 ) hand a box of punch card to one of a dozen technician ( male ) . through plate glass , Brown and bozarth watch from a hallway . brown and this computer will find what we be look for ? bozarth in just a few day . brown without any human be actually read the law . ... what a horrifying age . int . rutger law school - classroom - evening the student be filing out . talk among themselves . murmuring they thanks and goodbye . see : roemer , burton , Valentin , parker , bennett amongst they ... ( continued ) 77 student RUTH thank you , Professor . ..... good night . ... thank you . good night . ... thanks , .... that be a persuasive Professor ginsburg . analysis of gruenwald v gardner , Mr. bennett . bennett hey thanks , Professor G. courier ( 0.s. ) Ruth bader ginsburg ? everyone stop to see he stand in the doorway with a thick envelope in hand . courier ( cont 'd ) Delivery from the Department of justice . she sign for it and accept . then open the envelope -- all eye on she : RUTH it 's the government 's response brief . int . ginsburg apartment - night twenty volume of the U.S. code stack around the room . open and empty carton from the aclu ... Ruth , Jane and Ruth 's student roemer and burton be seat around the dine room table . in the middle of they , the brief be open to '' Appendix E '' . each have a volume before she , and be look from the Appendix to she book , search for the corresponding page . roemer get this : there 's a law that we be not allow to fly military cargo plane ? burton why would you want to ? jane that 's not the point . we should be allow . roemer you really think you can change all this law ? ( continued ) 78 RUTH that 's the plan . the front door open , and Martin enter . dry clean over he shoulder . martin Ruth be you ready ? curtain 's up in forty minute . it have be nice to get there on time . ( to himself ) for a change . he enter the dine room . martin ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? RUTH the government 's brief come . ... look who 's list as co-author . she pass it to he . martin I have hear griswold be try to recruit Brown to the DOJ . I guess it work . ... how do it look ? burton check out Appendix E. Martin give she a look : who be you ? ... but oblige . jane it 's every federal law that discriminate on the basis of sex . we be look they all up . Martin exhales : the scope of it . martin pass I one of that volume . Ruth smile as Martin join the unorthodox team at the table . martin ( cont 'd ) how in the world do they manage all this ? int . griswold's suburban home - library - magic hour a formal room . out the window , the first hint of spring . ( continued ) 79 James bozarth stand before a pull -down screen in a formal , wood - panell '' library . '' amidst a team of young DOJ lawyer . projected on screen : judge daugherty ( 57 , close - cropped hair and perfect posture ) . off to the side : harriet griswold ( 67 now and ina wheelchair ) be supervise a maid prepare tea service . on a couch before bozarth be griswold and Brown . brown so you be confident Daugherty will see it we way . bozarth base on read all of he opinion . yes . and so will holloway . bozarth use he clicker . judge holloway ( 48 , a kindly smile ) appear on the screen . bozarth ( cont 'd ) but the final judge , doyle ... bozarth put up doyle 's picture ( 60 , a shock of white hair ) . bozarth ( cont 'd ) he 's a tougher nut to crack . griswold shoot Brown a warning look . griswold that 's unacceptable . brown we need a unanimous verdict out of the tenth circuit , James . griswold I do not intend to risk so-called gender discrimination go before the Supreme Court . bozarth yes ... yes , sir . I understand . harriet can see he 's nervous . and sympathize ... harriet griswold what make this judge so difficult ? ( continued ) 80 bozarth he 's a civil rights crusader , ma ’am . two year ago he order Denver to bus black student to white school . there be arson , protest , demand for he to quit the bench . but even after someone throw a bomb at he house , doyle would not budge . griswold in that case he be enforce the law . the ginsburg be ask he to make law . we need to drive home the difference . Brown considerd griswold 's challenge ... and offer a path : brown ( to bozarth ) paint the judge a picture of the America that will exist if they rule the wrong way . Children run home from school to find ... no one 's there . mommy 's at the office . or on a factory floor . griswold that 's very good , Ernie . if a man and woman vie for the same job , she can work for less . what be a man without a paycheck to take care of he family ? brown what woman would want he ? bozarth ( go with they flow ) wage go down . divorce rate soar . Society unravel . brown exactly ! the other side want this to be about the equal Protection principle . you need to show the court that what 's really at stake be the american family . griswold what the judge be decide be what kind of country , what kind of society , they want they child and grandchild to grow up in . 80a int . griswold ’'s suburban home - bedroom - night harriet 's atop the bed . her withere leg sprawle limply across griswold 's lap . he 's massage they . she watch he for a beat ... harriet griswold erwin . do you ever take a caregiver deduction on we tax ? griswold I take whatever deduction the law say we be entitle to . he can see in she look , she 's not satisfied with he answer . ( continued ) 81 griswold ( cont ’d ) harriet ... harriet griswold be you sure you be do the right thing in this case ? griswold what exactly be you concerned about ? harriet griswold I do not doubt the law be on you side . but I feel sorry for this Moritz . can you imagine cope with the burden of my polio if -- griswold you have never be a burden to I . you have be so productive all you life . harriet griswold but I have always have help . he know it . griswold consider she . after a long beat ... griswold I can not imagine how Charles Moritz manage . it must take remarkable fortitude . really . ... but I do not get to indulge in sentiment . I take a oath to protect the constitution because it protect the country . I can not let this ginsburg attack it piece - by-piece . harriet griswold I do not envy you . he smile . and go back to rub she leg . griswold you should . I be a very lucky man . int . ginsburg apartment - night Martin , in he usual golf shirt and french apron , be cooking in the kitchen . James be draw dinosaur on the counter between the kitchen and dine room . ( continued ) 82 in the dine room : Ruth pace . Notes in hand . practice ... RUTH ( to herself ) sex and race be both unalterable biological trait ... she 's forget something . she check she note : of course . in the kitchen : Martin lift a flambé pan warming on the stove . and ... whoosh ! he ignites the calvados inside . jame ( run into the kitchen ) whoa ! cool ! Martin pour the flame liquor over a pan of chicken liver . the doorbell ring . as Ruth go to answer it , Jane find she ... jane Mom . can I be on the jury ? RUTH there be no jury in federal appeal court . no witness , no evidence . «+. it 's just you and the judge . she look to Jane and smile . then open the front door to gerald gunther ( 44 ) . he 's genial , with gray hair and a bald crown . he wear a collare shirt and gray sweater . Ruth be delighted to see he . RUTH ( cont 'd ) Gerry . Jane , you remember my old professor , Gerald gunther . he have a vaguely european accent . as Ruth take he coat : gunther a little specificity , Mrs. ginsburg . former professor . ( to Jane ) look at you . all grow up . Jane smile . as he follow they into the dine room : gunther ( cont 'd ) hello , James . jame ( back to draw ) hi. ( continued ) 83 jane what do you think of we courtroom ? the place have be transformed into a rough facsimile of a courtroom . the table serve as a judge 's bench . a dictionary lectern , the lawyer 's podium . gunther all it 's miss be justice hold she scale . so , who do mel find to be the third judge ? RUTH ( intimidate ) pauli Murray . gunther he 's not make it easy for you . jane who 's pauli Murray ? gunther thurgood Marshall himself call pauli 's writings the Bible of the Civil rights Movement . Martin enter , wield a meat tenderizer . martin Gerry . I come bear you gavel . int . ginsburg apartment - dine room - later beneath a draw ( by James ) of justice , the moot - court judge sit behind the dining room table . laid out on the table : slice baguette , apple , vegetable . and a heaping , garnish platter of chicken liver paté . Gerry bang he meat tenderizer gavel . mel be to he leave . bite into a baguette slice top with paté , he 's impressed . to Gerry 's right be pauli murray ( 61 ) -- a petite , black woman with short hair in tight curl and round glass . her grin extenuate by joyous laugh line . Martin watch from the couch . with Jane . ( continued ) 84 gunther counsel for the appellant , you may proceed . again . Ruth , at the lectern , take a breath . as the '' judge '' continue to snack . RUTH you honors and may it please the court . section 214 of the tax code cover employ single woman who care for they dependent . but exclude Charles Moritz , a bachelor provide -- pauli my wife stay home to raise we child . you be say she 's oppress ? RUTH no judge . but as a man , you -- mel stop. stop. ( he finish chew ) never make it about the judge . gunther you do not think the judge know he 's a man ? mel I do not think she need to put he on the defensive about it . pauli in Brown , we put it out there without apology : this . is. wrong. mel well , no offense , but Ruth do not exactly have thurgood Marshall 's ...... pauli ball ? mel gravitas . nothing resolve , the conversation 's over . Ruth shuffles she papers to cover she frustration . Jane give Martin a worried look . his smile say '' do not worry . '' ( continued ) 85 RUTH should I start again ? mel ya think ? gunther whenever you be ready . RUTH you honors and may it please the court . section 214 of the tax code cover employ single woman who care for they dependent . but exclude Charles Moritz , a bachelor provide the same care . there be no rational basis for -- gunther why be not it rational ? Men go out . woman stay home . that 's be the way of thing for thousand of year . Ruth take a breath . keeps she cool . RUTH historical justification be also use to legitimize the separation of the race . now classification -- pauli you be say race and gender be the same ? RUTH both be unalterable biological trait of -- pauli this nation struggle to give black fair representation throughout society . mel ( to gunther ) would you pass the ... Ruth watch gunther pass the paté . ( continued ) 86 pauli ( still go ) ... be you say that , if we decide in you client 's favor , we be commit ourselves to work toward half we , I do not know ... firemen be woman ? half we nurse be man ? RUTH why should not man be nurse ? if woman want to fight fire - — - mel what about pilot ? RUTH again if woman -- mel ( chew ) judge ? RUTH why not ? mel Generals ? ceo ? what about garbage man ? you wanna be a garbage man ? RUTH and man should be teacher or raise child , if they want . percentage be not the point . mel RUTH ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) no. wrong. wrong . you be people should be able to screwing it up ! pursue they passion and -- she hold up the government 's appendix E : RUTH ( cont 'd ) have you see the appendix attach to they brief ? law write by man who think we be privileged to be excuse from man 's obligation . it 's not a privilege . it 's a cage . this law be the bar . as they all fall silent . Ruth realize she 's blow it . mel eye she smugly ... ( continued ) 87 mel ( smear paté onto bread ) and you be go to take on all of they at once , be that it ? RUTH you ask the question . mel ( harshly ) that do not mean you answer they , Ruth . you be make the government 's case for they . Jane 's surprised , and angere , by he tone . mel ( cont 'd ) either you make this case about one man , or you lose . because to the judge , you be not talk about woman in the abstract . you be talk about they wife . at home . baking brisket . jane you braise a brisket . you do not bake it . mel shoot she a look . as Martin chuckle . gunther perhaps that 's enough , mel. mel no . I do not think it be , Gerry . ( to Ruth ) mel bite since you be a girl , you have be pretty and smart as a whip . but you be come off as some bitter , unlikable shrew I do not recognize . and let I tell you : if that 's who show up in Denver , Ruth , you 'il blow it . and would it kill you to smile ? RUTH that 's you sage advice : ignore the judge and smile ? into the bread . with he mouth full : mel but I will say you paté be the best I have ever taste . ( continued ) 88 Ruth 's look say , choke on it . Martin rise and approach Ruth . gently . supportive . a excellent teacher , he talk just to she ... martin you could evade . ( modell ) '' do you think woman should be firefighter ? '' ... I have never consider it . because my client be not a firefighter . Jane 's watch . Martin 's '' teach '' Ruth , but without condescension . wanting only she success . Ruth listen . with trust and affection . it 's intimate ... and Jane be affect . martin ( cont 'd ) or refocus . with respect , judge . this case be not about firemen ; it 's about taxpayer . and there be nothing inherently masculine about pay tax . mel look up . that 's not bad . he share a look with gunther and pauli . martin ( cont 'd ) or crack a joke . you honor , no one who 's raise child could be intimidate by a burn building . then lead they back to you case . Ruth look to Martin : thank you . mel marty . you should do the oral argument . it land like a grenade ... martin no . no way . I be just ... Ruth be the expert in gender law . gunther at least half this case be tax . mel the most important thing be that Charles Moritz win . martin I say no . Drop it , mel. ( continued ) 89 a beat of silence . as Ruth crumble ... pauli they could split the time . Martin go first , focus the argument on tax . then Ruth step in to talk about gender . her tone be so even . her solution , so reasonable . her affect , so definitive . it 's clear they agree . int . ginsburg apartment - front hall - later the ' judge 's be get ready to leave . as Ruth chat with gunther and pauli , Martin sidle up to mel. quietly . angrily . martin there be no aspect of the law at which Ruth ginsburg can be best . mel objection note , counselor . she 's still argue half . martin I do not know how thing work at the aclu . but if anyone at my firm could not see that , he have be fire . mel she 's write a revolutionary argument . but brief write be a academic 's job . oral argument require a lawyer who command a judge 's respect . a real appellate lawyer . mel turn away -- suddenly cheerful . leave Martin to stew . mel ( cont 'd ) well , I think this be a very productive exercise . I have to get to a fundraiser . pauli . Gerry . be you head downtown ? they all leave ... when the door close , Martin look to Ruth . and wait for she to speak first ... RUTH you have such a light touch . it 's effortless for you , be not it ? ( continued ) 89 a martin mel be goad you . he want you to feel overwhelm . ( continued ) 90 RUTH of course he be . he 's a relentless prick . but that do not change the fact that I be not ready . martin but that 's not you fault . you have never even do this before . RUTH be that what I be suppose to tell we client when I blow it in court ? she 's already walk away : martin where be you go ? RUTH to figure out every question that judge can possibly ask I . I be go to have answer for all of they . int . rutger law school - RUTH 's office - day time have pass . Ruth be selectively pack book , journal , note into a box . millicent enter -- with another book in hand . millicent do you want '' theory in Public taxation '' with you in Denver ? RUTH who need a tax reference ? I have marty . in the attached outer office , millicent 's phone ring . as she head out and Ruth resume pack : RUTH ( cont 'd ) do you pack the kirk v commissioner brief ? millicent yes. ( answer the phone ) Rutgers Law . she cover the mouthpiece . ( continued ) 90 a millicent ( cont ’d ) it 's mel wulf for you . Ruth wave she off . millicent ( cont ’d ) ( into the phone ) I be sorry , Mr. -- ( to Ruth ) he say it 's urgent . off RUTH : hear she . ext . acluss office build - day establish : spring . the city be in bloom . Ruth and James come out of the subway , and head for the entrance . int . aclu reception area - day Ruth 's kneel before James . he 's seat , swinging he leg . RUTH now just wait here . and I need you to be patient , okay ? do not get up . do not wander off . and do not touch anything . do you understand ? Ruth note the receptionist , who 's watch they skeptically . RUTH ( cont 'd ) that nice lady be go to keep a eye on you . and if you get bored ... she scan the area . then grab a '' prisoner 's rights '' pamphlet off a nearby table . RUTH ( cont 'd ) read this . 91 int . aclu corridor / mel wulf 's office - day follow Ruth as she enter -- without knock : RUTH what be so important ? mel 's on the phone . before he be another lawyer . 43 ; ina tweed suit ; with a gentle , aw-shuck demeanor : allen derr . mel gesture for Ruth to sit beside Allen . who half -rise , and offer a handshake : allen derr I be excited to work with you . mel shush he . as Ruth sit -- unsure what 's go on . mel ( into phone ) I understand . ... yeah , she just walk in . ... and to you . he hang up . mel ( cont 'd ) okay . Ruth ginsburg . Allen derr. allen derr how do you do ? mel the Supreme Court announce this morning that they 'il hear reed v reed on appeal from the Idaho Supreme Court . RUTH that 's fantastic . allen derr Mrs. reed be very excited for the opportunity . mel Allen be Sally reed 's lawyer . Ruth be surprised -- pleasantly . RUTH be the aclu go to help ? ( continued ) 92 mel you tell I it be the right thing to do . allen derr mel say you know this area of the law better than anyone . mel you be we secret weapon , Ruth . Ruth be shocked ... honore ... amaze : RUTH you want I ...? in the Supreme Court ? mel can see she think she 's be ask to argue the case : mel I assure Allen you have be eager to help he write he brief . she swallow she disappointment . mel ( cont 'd ) you can basically just take the Moritz brief and change the pronoun around , be not that right ? RUTH it 's a bit more involved than that . mel I be kid . we will get work right away . ( rise ) Allen . enjoy the city . you should catch a show . allen derr oh ! well , thank you . mel kiki and I have some other thing to discuss . allen derr of course ! i’1l be out of you way . ( gather he belonging ) it be a pleasure , Ruth -- or kiki ! Goodbye , mel. ...... bye . oh ! ( he remember he hat ) bye . ( continued ) 93 and he 's go . mel 's smile drop . mel what a schmuck . RUTH let I argue reed in Court . mel give I a break , Ruth . RUTH I be no less experience in Federal Court than Allen derr . if you be gonna use my argument -- mel he 's be Sally reed 's lawyer for three year . she trust he . she would not even let I plead the case . now would you just listen for a second ? she do . mel ( cont 'd ) Ernie Brown call earlier . in light of reed go to the Supreme Court , the government be offer to settle Moritz 's case for a dollar . RUTH ( get it ) reed up the profile of we case . they be get nervous . mel I tell he to expect you in D.C. on Monday to sign the paperwork . RUTH why would you --? Charlie will not want to settle . mel convince he . RUTH I will not . first you take half the argument away from I ... ( continued ) 94 mel nobody take anything from you , Ruth . you be not rob in the night . I give you this opportunity for the good of the cause ... mel ( cont 'd ) RUTH ... not for you own personal you think you give this to glory . I ?! mel in fact I do . Jesus Ruth , get you emotion in check . RUTH you first . they stay that way . Eye to eye . until ... mel Allen 's go to argue in the Supreme Court that time have change . we can not afford the 10th circuit ruling that they have not . RUTH nothing would strengthen the argument more than the appeal Court decide for Charlie . mel yes . that would be very nice . but here in the real world -- RUTH you think I can not be persuasive . mel Ruth , I have never be more certain of anything in my life . RUTH you do not get to tell I when to quit . mel you ask for my support . I put my neck out for you . and you could not even get through a moot court without embarrassing yourself . you 'il lose Ruth ! and when you do , it will set back the woman 's movement by a decade or more . ( more ) ( continued ) 95 mel ( cont 'd ) we be dodging a bullet here . be you really the only one who can not see that ? a strain and silent beat . before ... mel pull a stack of document from he desk drawer . mel ( cont 'd ) this be Allen 's brief from he previous appeal . tie they into the framework of the Moritz brief . i’1l review it when you be do . eyeing he coldly , Ruth do not move . mel ( cont 'd ) it 's a Supreme Court brief . .... I can assign it to someone else , if that 's what you have prefer . she hesitates . then take they from the desk . as she leave : mel ( cont 'd ) and Ruth , the sooner you call Charlie the better . int . ginsburg apartment - kitchen - night as Ruth pour coffee , Martin be watch she . RUTH you know I have this idea ... she trail off . martin what be it ? RUTH it do not matter . ... thank you for work so hard on this . I know you have pay client to worry about , too . martin what be you go to say ? she hesitates a beat . then admit it -- the scope of she ambition : ( continued ) 95 a RUTH we could have take Appendix E from the government 's brief , that entire comprehensive list of law that differentiate between the sex , and turn it into we own hit list . ( more ) ( continued ) 96 RUTH ( cont 'd ) we could have start a special project at the aclu to go after that law one - by-one -- in the legislature , in the court . until woman and man be genuinely equal under the law . she laugh at she own naiveté . RUTH ( cont 'd ) «+ . and I have be run around claim thing have change . she leave . off martin : who do not know how to help she . int . ginsburg apartment - bedroom - later at she desk . opera on the radio . her mother 's portrait watch she . Ruth take a long , slow sip of coffee . then get to work take down the note card and clipping still tack to the wall ... one by one . Jane approach . but hesitates in the doorway . watch ... jane daddy tell I about the case . why 's Mr. wulf be such a douchebag ? Ruth 's displease with the language . but let it go . RUTH he think I be go to lose . jane seriously ? I can tell you from experience : no way , Jose . RUTH he do not exactly give I a choice . Jane consider be ... jane so do you want help take apart you life 's work , or be that something you have rather do alone ? they share a look -- and really see each other . RUTH I know that this case ... that I disrupt we life . I be sorry . ( continued ) 97 jane for what ? do you job ? that 's how man want we to feel . ... Mom , who be this for , if not I ? intercut : int . moritz 's live room - day Moritz cradle the phone to he ear with he shoulder . he 's clean up his mother 's lunch off the television tray . moritz so you do it ? ... we win . ruth. congratulation . ... and they 's 1l say it , right ? that I be not a cheater . that the law be unfair . RUTH no , Charlie . that 's the point . they do not want to ... they will never say that . a judge have to . moritz but if they do not say it , Ruth ... how have I get justice ? RUTH you get the money . Moritz consider this . and it do not sit right . moritz what about everyone else ? when you come to see I , you say -- Ruth know Jane be listen , and be sad to say it , but ... RUTH that 's for another day . moritz but could we win ? RUTH we could . ( look at Jane ) and the impact would last generation . but in the end , you may walk away with nothing . ... Charlie . the aclu feel it 's for the best if you take the offer . ( continued ) 98 moritz ... but you be my lawyer , Ruth . what do you think ? off Ruth : with a decision to make . omitted int . DOJ - brown 's office - day Brown open the door to Ruth . he take she hand . warmly . she 's mildly surprised to see griswold behind he . brown Ruth . RUTH hello , Professor Brown . Dean griswold . griswold ( as they shake hand ) Mrs. ginsburg . I be pleased you find a use for you Harvard Education . RUTH oh , no . what I be do , I learn at Columbia . he size she up for a awkward beat ... until Brown step in . brown Ruth be always my most thoroughly prepare student . so much to prove . this day the girl be as hopeless as the man . ( offer she a seat ) how 's little Jane ? RUTH not so little . and we have another . James . brown they must keep you busy . RUTH yes . both of we . ( continued ) 99 griswold Ernie have you paperwork ready . RUTH my client be very excited about you offer . griswold good. good . RUTH he do , however , have some condition . brown condition ...? what kind of ...? RUTH first of all . he have like you to forgive a hundred percent of the money . none of this one dollar business . brown ha. well ... I be sure we can find a way to arrange that . RUTH and he would like the government to concede that he do nothing wrong . and to enter into the court record that section 214 of the tax code discriminate on the basis of sex . and be therefore unconstitutional . griswold and Brown 's smile drop . griswold I can not agree to that . and you know it . brown do mel wulf know about this ? it 's in Ruth 's look : she 's completely in control . Brown glance to griswold -- who 's eyeing Ruth coldly . brown ( cont 'd ) ( menace ) we will see you in court . 100 omitted ext . the brown palace - day a grand , brownstone hotel -- a wedge between two of Denver 's broad boulevard . on a bright , cool autumn day . int . HOTEL bathroom - day it 's the same scene that opened the movie : concealer , lipstick , mascara on the counter . RUTH bader ginsburg ( 36 ) be apply blush . when she 's finish , she consider she reflection . she put on a gold , sunburst pin . and try a smile . ... but it look force . she drop it . a breath . and she try again . a different smile . and ... RUTH May it please the court . not right yet . a smile . and ... ( continued ) 101 RUTH ( cont 'd ) you honors and may it please the court ... that 's not it either ... RUTH ( cont 'd ) May it please the court . she look herself in the eye one more time . knock -knock-knock ... Ruth open the door . it 's Jane . jane dad say , justice delay be justice deny . ext . 10 th circuit courthouse - front step - day early fall . a Denver cab park across the street from the building 's neoclassical facade . Ruth , Martin , mel and Jane all get out . Ruth stare at the court . frozen. awed . ... Martin see she : martin you be ready for this . you have be ready for as long as I have know you . just let the judge see the Ruth ginsburg I know . as they cross the street , a black town car pull up . and DOJ lawyer step out . with bozarth and Brown . ... Brown spy Martin and approach . as Ruth continue up the stair . martin ( cont 'd ) Professor Brown . Brown clasp Martin by the hand . another hand on he shoulder . brown it 's good to see you marty . he look over at Ruth -- still collect herself ... martin she 's get psyched up . brown ah ... ( point the way ) after you . 102 int . courtroom - day Ruth , Jane and mel enter between gray , marble pillar . a chandelier cast the judge's bench in warm light . over it , a clock and a adage : reason be the soul of all Law . mel ( skeptically ) well ... here we be . a small crowd loiter amid the pews in the gallery . from among they , Moritz approach . RUTH Charlie . moritz good morning . ( to mel ) Mr. ginsburg ? mel uh ... um. no. mel wulf. aclu . Jane chuckle . as Martin arrive . martin Mr. Moritz , that 's I . I be Mr. Ruth bader ginsburg . it 's nice to finally meet you . they shake . Moritz look warily toward bozarth and Brown at the appellee's table . as the Court clerk puff he chest . court clerk all rise . the United States Court of appeal for the 10th circuit be now in session . judge doyle , holloway , and Daugherty preside . Martin and Ruth find they place at the appellant table . the judge enter from behind the velvet curtain beyond the judge 's bench . each take a seat behind he name plate . in the gallery , mel and Jane flank Moritz . Jane remind he to remain stand . judge holloway be seat . Martin and Ruth share a glance as they sit . at the appellee's table across the aisle , Brown catch bozarth eyeing they . ( continued ) 103 brown you have a century of case law on you side . just do you job . holloway flip through a couple papers on he desk . judge holloway the first case be docket number 71 - 1127 . Charles Moritz v commissioner of Internal Revenue . each side will have 30 minute to present . when two minute remain , the Court clerk will rise to give warning . when you time be up , he will sit . he look over at Martin and Ruth , seat together before he . judge holloway ( cont 'd ) counsel for the appellant . Mr. ginsburg , you may proceed . it begin . Martin and Ruth look to one another . then Martin take he place at the lectern , check the time on the clock overhead . 9:00 am . in the gallery , Moritz sit taller . smile nervously to Jane . martin you honor and may it please the court . we be go to demonstrate that section 214 of the tax code discriminate against we client -- Charles Moritz -- because he be a man . from the bench the judge settle in . interested . and engage . int . courtroom - 9:13 am on the bench , judge holloway remain polite . thoughtful . judge holloway Congress assume that a caregiver be most likely a woman . be that so unreasonable ? martin if the law say all caregiver can claim a deduction . ( more ) ( continued ) 104 martin ( cont 'd ) and in the back of they mind the author think , well , this will only apply to woman , that would be a assumption . but they do more than that , judge . they explicitly list who count as a caregiver . judge doyle as be they prerogative . martin I doubt you have turn a blind eye if the code say that only white caregiver --— judge doyle that 's hardly the same thing . Martin check the clock . 9:14:40 martin respectfully we disagree . but i’1l turn it over to my co-counsel to address the constitutional -- Ruth begin to get up . judge daugherty you be tell we that race and gender be the same ? Ruth be stick , mid-rise . watch Daugherty . martin you honor , my co-counsel - - judge daughterty yes . yes . we will get to she ina minute . but I would appreciate a answer to my question . Ruth sink back into she seat . and Martin be catch look back and forth between she and Daugherty . she urge he on with she eye : get out of there . ( continued ) 105 judge daugherty in order for a law to discriminate , it must distinguish between group arbitrarily . be that correct ? martin again . you honor . my co-counsel -- judge daugherty mister ginsburg . I have ask you . Martin look to Ruth . a apology . he have no choice ... martin it must be arbitrary . yes . and this law be . Mr. Moritz be a man who have never be marry . that may suggest he be less likely to have child - care responsibility . but not parent- care responsibility . have he be a woman -- judge doyle cock a skeptical eyebrow . judge doyle and to you mind , classification of this sort must always be discriminatory ? at appellee's table , Brown lean close to bozarth . brown there 's some help . he 's ask he to make a broad categorical claim . martin I can not speak to always , judge doyle . we can only speak of this man . in this case . in the gallery , mel let out a breath . Martin nail it . judge doyle very well . he take a note on the brief before he . as Martin move away from the lectern . judge doyle ( cont ’d ) then speak of he . the courtroom chuckle . especially Brown . in the ruckus , Martin turn to check on Ruth . she 's stare at she note . ( continued ) 106 martin again . the distinction between Mr. Moritz and other caregiver be , in judge Daugherty 's word , arbitrary . ( hurriedly ) I cede the remainder of the time to my co-counsel . Ruth look up . realizing she 's on . as Martin gather he papers and flee the lectern . as he pass , he eye Ruth : what could I do ? Martin sit at the appellant table . as Ruth approach the lectern . from the bench , the judge eye she skeptically . she adjust the microphone down . to doyle 's amusement . RUTH you honor ... she watch they . look down on she . and fall silent . she can not see Martin urging she on with he eye . in the gallery , mel sit forward . nervous . Moritz notice . judge holloway whenever you be ready , Professor ginsburg . RUTH ++. you honor and may it please the court . section 214 deny Mr. Moritz a caregiver tax deduction available to similarly situate woman who -- judge holloway we have be through all that . Mrs. ginsburg . you be aware that the government have three co-equal branch ? she watch . expecting he to continue . judge holloway ( cont 'd ) Mrs. ginsburg ? it dawns on she . he actually expect a answer . RUTH yes . of course , judge . ( continued ) 107 judge holloway and that it be the Congress 's role to write law . RUTH ( sharply ) you honor , I understand how government work . holloway lift he eyebrow , unaccustom to be address impatiently . in the gallery : mel ( to himself ) take it easy , Ruth . judge holloway well sometimes a law -- even a good law , even a law that be legal under the constitution -- may not be good for every individual it affect . judge doyle I have a question . if I understand correctly , you be concerned about man and woman be pigeon-hole into certain role base on gender . RUTH yes . that 's correct . because -- judge doyle Excuse I . that be not my question . ( Ruth grimace ) it strike I that the caregiver deduction do the opposite . it help woman be able to work outside the home . be not that a good thing ? RUTH but the law assume it must be woman who be suppose to stay at home in the first place . judge holloway that 's the case in every family I know . judge doyle so it 's the assumption that 's the problem ? ( continued ) 108 judge daugherty then when can a law differentiate on the basis of sex ? never ? Ruth stare up at Daugherty for a beat . catch up . in the gallery : Moritz glance at Jane bite she fingernail nervously . then back at Ruth . RUTH when the classification be rationally related to the law . judge holloway keeping woman out of combat , for example . RUTH I be not sure whether I agree with that example , but -- in the gallery : mel close he eye . exasperate . judge daugherty so you think woman belong on the front line now , too ? RUTH no . that 's not what ... Ruth take a deep breath . compose herself . RUTH ( cont 'd ) gender . like Race . be a biological , unalterable trait . there be nothing that woman be inherently better at than man . nor vice versa . judge holloway grow a beard ? the gallery laugh . and holloway appreciate the attention . as Ruth grow visually frustrated . RUTH that be not -- judge daugherty lactation . more laughter . at the appellee 's table : Brown and bozarth share a satisfied grin . ( continued ) 109 RUTH ( burst ) no think person can possibly believe Charles Moritz 's gender relate to he ability to -- her hand strike the microphone . and it squeal . leave the courtroom dauntingly quiet in the wake of she outburst . in the gallery : mel drop he head . defeat . at the appellant 's table : even Martin look away . Ruth know she 's blow it . judge doyle why can not we ? Mrs. ginsburg ? stare at the floor , she do not answer . judge doyle ( cont ’d ) in most household , be not woman the primary caregiver ? be not man the breadwinner ? ... be not they ? she readjust the microphone . RUTH yes , you honor . judge doyle do not that reality suggest that it 's the natural order of thing ? she look to Martin . who watch she with deep and tender sadness in he eye . RUTH respectfully . you honor . I would like to reserve the remainder of my time for rebuttal . slowly . she gather she papers . and return to the appellant table . Daugherty toss up he arm . as Ruth sit , Martin lean toward she . martin ( whisper ) good move . it 's not over yet . in the gallery : Moritz turn to mel . ( continued ) 110 moritz I do not think I follow all that . how be we do ? mel eye he askance . be you serious ? he mime a explosion . judge holloway Mr. bozarth for the appellee . you May proceed . at the appellee's table : brown do not let they forget what this case be really about , and you will be fine . bozarth understand . he step to the lectern . 9:27 . judge daugherty ah. bozarth . the master of citation . bozarth that 's what my family call I too , judge . Daugherty chuckle . bozarth ( cont 'd ) you honor and may it please the court . Congress create this tax deduction to help caregiver go out and work . caregiver . folk that , if they be not work , would stay home . Martin focus he attention on Ruth . eye she steadily . as she stare ahead . maintain she composure . in the gallery : Moritz listen intently . one thing about he : he could be any man . bozarth ( cont 'd ) be we mean to believe that this man would have the skill or the ... caregiver 's instinct to do that ? judge doyle why can not we believe that ? why do a unwed woman have that instinct , but not a unwed man ? or a widower for that matter ?! ( continued ) bozarth widower do not choose to be caregiver , judge doyle . it 's thrust upon they . as for woman ... it do not take a legal treatise to prove what a hundred thousand year of human history make clear . Ruth -- calmly , quietly -- slide she note across to Martin . ... a flash of relief , as Martin begin they . prepare for rebuttal . judge doyle and Congress can write the tax code to enforce this ... natural law ? bozarth Congress can write any tax code it want . all I be say , judge , be that -- give the natural order of thing -- Mr. Moritz have not suffer as a result . but the country will suffer , if the court do not find for the appellee . at the appellee 's table : Brown be impressed by he int . courtroom - 9:53 still at the lectern : bozarth be wind down . bozarth y'honor , I be certain there be not a man amongst we who would not try to ease he wife 's burden . 111 the table to review protege . at the appellant 's table : Martin be work on Ruth 's note . drawing arrow , jotting down reminder . bozarth ( cont 'd ) so I do not see how we can judge negatively the member of Congress who would do the same . and I be not alone in that . there be a long and honorable tradition in the court of support law like this one . the Court clerk rise . 9:54 . in the gallery : it 's clear on mel 's face : the damage be do . ( continued ) 112 bozarth ( cont 'd ) I for one would rather see my government err on the side of caring too much , of try too hard to help the lady of this country . Rather than be indifferent to they unique burden . now maybe Mr. Moritz disagree . or maybe he simply do not like pay tax . in the gallery : Moritz look small . and defeat . bozarth ( cont 'd ) personally , I do not believe that . at the lectern : bozarth know he have the judge 's attention . bozarth ( cont 'd ) I believe Charles Moritz be a victim . not of he government . but of lawyer who use he case to achieve they own end ... Ruth look up at he -- find he stare at she . bozarth ( cont 'd ) radical . Social . Change . he let it sink in . let he head nod for emphasis . bozarth ( cont 'd ) we rest we case on we brief and argument , and ask that the Court uphold the tax Court 's decision . 9:55 . the clerk be still stand . a awed silence follow he . Ruth watch as he take he seat at the appellee's table . Brown pat he on the back . at the appellant 's table : Martin jot a last note to himself . as Ruth watch bozarth and Brown . her mind reeling . judge holloway counsel for the appellant . you have four minute for rebuttal . Ruth look up toward the bench . and see where the judge be look : all eye be on Martin . he rise . gather he papers . she look across the aisle . at the appellee 's table : like he 's still she professor , like she 's still some presumptuous student - Brown stare at she over the frame of he glass . ( continued ) 113 and she look back into the gallery , where mel 's rock nervously . Ruth grab Martin 's arm . he look down at she . a endure glance , as she tighten she grip and pull he back down . in the gallery : mel see it . and know they be screw . judge holloway ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) counsel for the appellant ? Martin consider Ruth 's intensity ... and grin . this be the woman he marry . he settles into he chair . give a nod ... martin counselor . leave she note behind , Ruth approach the lectern . the judge share a look . RUTH radical social change . she half - laugh at it . and look up to the judge . RUTH ( cont 'd ) when I be in law school ... there be no woman 's bathroom . a murmur of laughter from the gallery . on the bench : doyle smile . holloway and Daugherty do not know where she 's go . RUTH ( cont 'd ) it 's amazing to I now , but we never complain . not because we be timid . we be just astound that we be in law school at all . at the appellee 's table : bozarth turn away dismissively - toward Brown . surprise to find he listen intently . RUTH ( cont 'd ) a hundred year ago , myra bradwell want to be a lawyer . she have fulfil the requirement for the Illinois bar , but be not allow to practice because she be a woman . a injustice she ask the Supreme Court to correct . Illinois be so confident of victory , they do not even send a lawyer to argue they side . they be right . she lose . ( continued ) 114 in the gallery : mel lean forward . this be a different Ruth . she 's confident . compel . she 's finally connect . RUTH ( cont 'd ) that be the first time someone go to court to challenge he or she prescribe gender role . a hundred year ago . radical social change ? she clutches the lectern . she for the she RUTH ( cont 'd ) sixty - five year ago . when woman in Oregon want to work overtime , and make more money , as man could . the Court look to the precedent in bradwell . and say no . and then there be two precedent . then three . then four . and on . and on . you can draw a direct line from myra bradwell to gwendolyn hoyt - tell ten year ago she be not entitle to a jury of she peer . look the judge directly in the eye . RUTH ( cont 'd ) that be the legacy the government ask you to uphold today . you be be urge to protect the culture and tradition and morality of a America that no longer exist . judge holloway , it 's a sober think . RUTH ( cont 'd ) a generation ago , my student would have be arrest for indecency wear the clothes that they do . gallery laugh . include Jane and Moritz . RUTH ( cont 'd ) sixty - five year ago , it would have be unimaginable that my daughter would aspire to a career . and a hundred year ago . I would not have have the right to stand before you . press she finger into the lectern for emphasis ... ( continued ) 9:58 . 115 RUTH ( cont 'd ) we be not ask you to change the country . that 's already happen without any Court 's permission . we be ask you to protect the right of the country to change . the clerk rise . Ruth consider he . in the gallery : mel ( to himself ) get to the remedy . the remedy . RUTH there be a hundred and seventy - eight federal law that differentiate on the basis of sex . Count they . the government do the favor of compile they for you . and while you be at it , I urge you to read they . they be obstacle to we child 's aspiration . judge doyle you be ask we to overturn nearly a century of precedent . she look he dead in the eye . without hesitation . RUTH I be ask you to set a new precedent . as court have do before when the law be outdated . it 's in Martin 's reaction -- that be a good response . judge doyle but in that case the court have a clear constitutional handle . ( to he colleague ) ( more ) ( continued ) 116 judge doyle ( cont 'd ) the word ' woman 's do not appear even once in the U.S. constitution . RUTH nor do the word ' freedom . 's you honor . doyle look down on she for a long time . and she return he gaze -- unflinchingly . until he lean back . a slight nod . RUTH ( cont 'd ) we son and daughter be bar by law from opportunity base on assumption about they ability . how will they ever disprove this assumption , if law like section 214 be allow to stand ? from the appellant table Martin watch the clerk , watch the clock . 9:59:30 . RUTH ( cont 'd ) that be why we must take this law on . one -by-one . for as long as it take . for they sake . in the gallery : Jane smile . mel be anxious : c’mon . c’mon . RUTH ( cont 'd ) and you have the power to set the precedent that will get we start . you can right this wrong , by -- the clerk sit . 10:00 . and Ruth watch he . her jaw clench . willing he to stand . as mel exhales a long , distress breath . judge holloway go on . Professor ginsburg . Ruth look to he . his gentle eye urging she on avuncularly . RUTH the principle purpose of section 214 be not to protect woman nor to discriminate against man . it be to provide caregiver the opportunity to work outside the home . therefore -- as the Supreme Court do in levy v Louisiana -- this court should fix the law in the way most in line with the legislative intent . extend the deduction to never- marry man . help all caregiver equally . ( continued ) 117 she should be do . she know that . but she let herself linger a moment more . and no one stop she . RUTH ( cont 'd ) we client , Charles Moritz , be well raise to be the sort of man we should all hope we son will become . he deserve we admiration . not only have he accept the burden of caring for he ... very strong - will mother -- when no one would expect it of he . the courtroom appreciate she diplomacy . RUTH ( cont 'd ) but in do so , he have surpass the limitation the rest of we -- and we law -- try to force upon he . we rest we case on we brief and argument , and ask that you reverse the tax Court 's decision . the room be silent as Ruth return to she seat ... int . 10 th circuit courthouse - rotunda - day amongst the milling crowd , bozarth and Brown exit the courtroom . bozarth I would say it 's clear we have the stronger legal foot . brown perhaps . he eye Ruth , Martin , Jane , Moritz -- across the room : ( continued ) moritz what happen now ? martin they 'il issue a opinion in a few month . for now , we wait . 118 mel come run up . embrace Ruth . her smile beam . mel kiki . that be perfect . perfect . RUTH we do not even know who win . mel it do not matter , Ruth . it be right . she 's move by the sentiment ... it 's as much a question as a promise : RUTH this be just the beginning . with a look , he agree . then he eye the government lawyer head out , playful air . bound off : mel I be go to gloat . moritz Martin . thank you . ... Jane . ( as they embrace : ) Ruth . RUTH I 'il be in touch . as he walk off , Martin turn to Ruth . and they letting it linger . martin you do it . and get a kiss ... quietly , Ruth take he hand ... and Jane 's as well . as they head off together : RUTH we do it . 119 ext . U.S. supreme court - day establish : the United States 's temple to the rule of law . bag over she shoulder , Ruth approach the broad front step . where man in suit loiter , talk in close huddle . super : two week later -- UNITED states supreme court chief justice burger ( v.o. ) we first case be docket number 70 - 4 , reed v reed -- on appeal from the Supreme Court of Idaho . among the man , Ruth spot erwin griswold . and stop short . chief justice burger ( v.o. -- cont ’d ) counsel for the appellant . Mr. derr , you may proceed . when griswold notice she , Ruth hold he gaze . a beat -- as they size each other up ... griswold approach she . and Ruth prepare for it ... griswold Mrs. ginsburg ... he proffer he hand . move , she accept it . and they shake . derr ( v.o . ) Mr. Chief justice and may it please the Court . one hundred year ago , myra bradwell want to be a lawyer ... as RUTH 's word continue and slowly fade : she climb the Supreme Court step . not with wide - eye awe this time . with confidence . Ruth be a woman who know exactly where she 's go . she 's determine . resolute . and unafraid . become ... the real RUTH bader ginsburg ( 84 ) , associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court . take she young self 's place , ina match , contemporary outfit , she ascend the final step . fully the woman she set out to be . black . over black : ( continued ) 119 a super : Moritz v commissioner and reed v reed be the first ( continued ) 120 U.S. federal case to find law unconstitutional for discriminate on the basis of sex . super : as director of the aclu 's woman 's rights Project , Ruth bader ginsburg become the lead gender rights lawyer of she generation , win several landmark case before the U.S. Supreme Court . super : Martin ginsburg become one of America 's preeminent tax attorney and a beloved professor at georgetown University Law Center . he die of cancer in 2010 , a few day after he and Ruth 's fifty - sixth wedding anniversary . super : on June 14 , 1993 , President Bill Clinton nominate Ruth bader ginsburg to the U.S. Supreme Court . the Senate confirm she nomination : 96-3.