< !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> on the waterfront by Budd schulberg on the waterfront by Budd schulberg fade in ext—establishing shot —waterfront—night shoot toward a small building ( hoboken yacht Club ) set upon a wharf float about twenty - five yard off shore . a long , narrow gangplank lead from the wharf to the shore , and on either side of the wharf be large ocean liner which be be unload by arc light . in the b.g. be the glitter New York skyline . a great liner , blaze with light , be head down river . a ferry chug across to Manhattan . there be a counterpoint of ship ' whistle , some shrill , other hauntingly mute . closer shot —small build —on wharf '' night it be the office of the longshoremen 's local for this section of waterfront . come along the gangplank toward the shore be a isolate figure . he be terry malloy , a wiry , jaunty , waterfront hanger - on in he late twenty . he wear a turtleneck sweater , a windbreaker and a cap . he whistle a familiar irish song . a series of walking shot —terry malloy —waterfront—night reaching the shore and turn away from the union office . pass the burn - out pier . turn up a waterfront tenement street light by a dim street lamp that throw a eerie beam . he be hold something inside he jacket but we can not see what it be . note : MAIN title to be superimposed over this series of shot ext —waterfront street—night Terry walk along until he reach a ancient tenement where he stop , hesitates , look up toward the top of the building , and put he finger to he mouth let out a shrill , effective whistle that echoe up the quiet street . then he cup he hand to he mouth and shout : terry hey joey ! joey doyle ! medium shot —tenement window '' night the window of a third - story room , from Terry 's Pov . joey doyle , a youthful , rather sensitive and clean - cut irish boy , poke he head out the window . joey Terry ? ( then a little suspiciously ) what do you want ? reverse angle —waterfront street—night terry hey look - he reach into he windbreaker in a gesture associate with draw a gun from a shoulder holster . but instead he draw out a live racing pigeon . as he do so the bird make a effort to escape and flap its wing , but Terry subdue it expertly and hold it up for joey to see . terry ( somewhat uneasily ) —one of yours . I recognize the band . close —on joey at window '' night there be a fire escape in front of it . joey yeah ? must be danny-boy . I lose he in the last race . terry he follow my bird into they coop . here , you want he ? joey ( cautiously ) well I get to watch myself this day . know what I mean ? terry I will bring he up to you loft . joey ( some what reassure ) I will see you on the roof . joey close the window and turn away . ext—medium close—tenement—on terry '' night tensely , as if go through something he wish he could avoid , Terry look in the direction of the tenement stoop and nod . now for the first time we see two man stand there under the doorway so that joey be unable to see they from he window . when Terry nod they enter the tenement hallway ; he take a few step forward so as to be out of sight from joey 's widow . then Terry raise the pigeon into the air and , inexplicably , release it . as it wing out of sight he turn and start up the street in the direction from which he come , walk crabwise as if try to see the effect of what he have just do . a soddenly drunk , one -arm longshoreman , mutt murphy , stagger toward he , sing in a hoarse voice ... . mutt ( as if it be a dirge ) tippi-tippi-tim , tippi-tim , tippi-tippi-tan , tippi-tan ... ( he stumble into Terry . ) gotta dime for a crippled - up docker ? terry go on , beat it ! mutt a dime , Terry , a dime for a cup of coffee ? terry do not give I that coffee , you rummy . now blow ! mutt thanks for nothing , you bum . with a certain batter dignity , mutt move off , pick up he song , " tippi-tippi-tan , tippi-tan ... . " Terry take a anxious glance back toward the tenement . ext—tenement rooftop—night in the b.g. on the far shore be the New York skyline . in the m.g. a ship be be unload on this side of the river . in the f.g. be a coop of racing pigeon . joey come out on the roof and look around . the door for rom the tenement stairway creak open and joey turn . joey Terry ? there be no answer . joey be surprised . joey that you , Terry ? two man step out upon the roof , they face hide in shadow . joey look startle and retreat a few step . joey where 's Terry ? the two man ( barney and specs ) advance , silently . joey ( continue ) he say he would meet I up here . close shot —joey—rooftop—night now he realize the intention of the two man . he look around for some mean of escape . medium close '' barney and specs—rooftop—night from joey 's angle . move in . medium close —joey—rooftop—night he make a wild dash for the fire escape which lead he to the roof . but when he reach it , another goon , slim , appear , cut off this escape . long shot—rooftop—night joey turn and run along the edge of the roof , the illuminate skyline in the b.g . he disappear from view as if he have jump of ff the roof . medium shot —lower rooftop level—night this rooftop be one floor lower than the rooftop on either side of it , form a trough between the two and provide no further avenue of escape for joey . as joey look around desperately , barney appear on upper level and another goon , sonny , appear on the other . now joey be trap between they . as they move forward he retreat backward toward the edge of the roof . joey ( defiantly ) you want I to jump so it look like a accident ? the assailant close in silently . joey gesture they on . joey come on . I will take one of you with I . the goons edge in still closer , poker - face , know they have he . ext—friendly bar '' night a old - fashioned corner saloon with swinging door . stand on the corner , fl ank by a goon aptly name the truck be charley , the gent , Terry 's older brother , rather handsome if a little too smooth , in he late thirty , a snappy dresser in he camel hair coat and snap brim hat . he be quick -witted and affable , more politician than mobster . Terry enter to he . charley ( gently ) how go ? terry ( tightly ) he 's on the roof . charley the pigeon ? terry ( resentfully ) like you say . it work . truck ( to Terry , tapping he own temple ) that brother of yours be thinkin ' alla time . terry ( tense ) all the time . there be a short , shrill , almost human cry of a boat whistle . it change slightly in pitch and we be hearing a actual cry . close shot '' body of joey hurtling off roof , with a bloodcurdle shriek . int—close shot '' woman at window ( mrs . collin ) she scream . ext—friendly bar —favoring terry '' night worried as he begin to wonder what happen . truck I be afraid somebody fall off a roof . Terry stare at he . longshoremen come run out of the bar toward the sound of the scream . Terry have to struggle not to be carry along with they . he work he way toward charley , stand on the curb with truck , calmly watch the friendly bar customer excitedly run past he . ( call and commotion in the distance o.s. ) truck he think he be gonna sing for the crime Commission . he will not . truck wink at charley significantly . Terry catch the meaning and be horrify . terry ( accusingly ) you say they be only go to talk to he . charley that be the idea . terry I think they would talk to he . try to get he to dummy up . charley maybe he give they a argument . terry I figure the worst they would do be work he over a little . charley he probably give them a argument . truck ( almost primly ) he 's be give we boss a lot of trouble . terry he be not a bad little fella , that joey . charley no he be not . truck except for he mouth . charley talkative . terry ( mutter to himself ) be not a bad little fella ... truck ( chuckle ) maybe he could sing , but he could not fly . Terry look at truck , stricken . charley ( sympathetically , nodd toward bar ) come on , kid . I will buy you a drink . terry ( bewilder ) in a minute . charley look at he , slightly concerned , and go in with truck . Terry watch the longshoremen hurry past he , in the direction of '' extulanding below tenement roof '' night form a circle around joey be kayo nolan , a hard little nut of a man ; tommy collin , a young longshoreman friend of joey 's ; luke , a giant negro ; moose , a good - nature , hulk longshoreman ; and other . the shot favor pop doyle , a short , stocky man with a small potbelly . pop ( to someone run up ) I keep tellin ' he : do not say nothin ' , keep quiet , you will live longer . police sergeant ( to another cop ) tell the ambulance to hurry . shot of onlookers—rooftop—night include a hard - face longshoreman , a careworn woman in she middle thirty ( Mrs. Collins ) and mutt . longshoreman he be not gonna need no ambulance . father barry , a lean , tough , West side priest , climb a wooden fence and approach the crowd . father barry ( roughly ) one side . Le be through ! medium shotumr . collin , mutt—rooftop—night mrs . collin ( to Father Barry as he pass ) same thing they do to my Andy five year ago . close on body of joey '' tenement landing '' night Father Barry pray . a police sergeant turn to pop . sergeant you be pop doyle , be not you , the boy 's father ? pop ( angrily ) that 's right . sergeant he fall over backward from the roof— like he be push . any idea ? pop ( aggressively ) none . mrs . collin ( come forward ) he be the one longshoreman with gut enough to talk to they crime investigator . everybody know that . pop ( wheeling angrily and push she away ) who ask you . shut you trap . if joey would take that advice he would not be— ( start to crack up ) mrs . collin ( protest ) everybody know that ...? pop I say shut up ! sergeant look , I be a honest cop . give I some lead and I will ... pop stand silently , choke with grief . kayo nolan listen— do not bother he . right , moose ? moose ( nodd ) one thing I learn '' all my life on the waterfront— dont ask no question '' do not answer no question . unless you ... . ( look at the body and stop ) luke ( reverently ) he be all heart , that boy . enough gut for a regiment . pop ( in a bitter rage ) gut '' I be sick of gut . he get a book in the pistol local and right away he 's gonna be a hero . gonna push the mob off the dock singlehand ... . father barry ( comfortingly ) take it easy , pop . I know it 's rough but time and faith be great healer ... . close —on edie —tenement landing —night joey 's sister , a fresh - face , sensitive young irish girl who have be kneel over the body . she look up and around at the Father in bitter grief . edie time and faith ... . my brother 's dead and you stand there talk drivel about time and faith . father barry ( take aback ) why edie , i— edie ( plunging on ) how could anyone do this to joey . the best in the neighborhood ... . everybody say it , not only I . who would want to harm joey ? tell mak who ? -- who ? father barry ( embarrassed ) I wish I know , edie , but— ( start to turn away as if appeal to the other ) edie do not turn away ! look at it ! you be in this too do not you see , do not you see ? you be in this too , Father . father barry ( defensively , sincerely ) edie , I do what I can . I be in the church when you need I . edie ( bitingly ) " in the church when you need I . " be there ever a saint who hide in the Church ? she turn from he angrily , toward the cover form of joey . close shot —father barry Father Barry stand there jolted and troubled . mrs . collin ( move in to he ) forgive she , Father . they two be as close as twin . Father Barry nod . think hard . mrs . collin ( continue ) whoever be in on this will burn in hell until kingdom come ... . dissolve int—friendly bar '' night the atmosphere be the sharpest possible contrast to the scene above . it be a rough waterfront bar full of half - gass longshoremen and pistol boy . they be all watch a fight on tv above the bar , and there be much hoarse laughter and ad lib joke at the fight . the only one not watch be Terry , who sit at a table by himself stare at a half - finish glass of beer . mutt be wander around in the b.g. voice ( o.s. ) hey , Terry , riley 's makin ' a bum outa that solari— Terry look off and sees— medium shot '' barney and specs —at bar '' night unconcernedly drink and enjoy the fight . specs come on over and have a shot . still disturb and preoccupy , Terry shake he head and go on through the bar toward the back room . other call to he but he keep go . int '' back room of bar '' night a partition separate this room from the main bar , and a small corner of the bar extend through the partition . on the wall be old fight poster and some picture of fighter , ball player and horse . at a table , flanke by charley and a tall , muscular bodyguard , sonny , be johnny friendly . he be not tough in a conventional way , but with a sinister intent , a humorless sense of domination that be really dangerous . the box match can be see on a smaller tv set . johnny friendly turn it off . they clown can not fight . there 's nobody tough anymore . jocko , the bartender , poke he head through the archway behind the bar . jocko hey , boss , packy want another one on the cuff ? johnny ( with a generous wave of he hand ) give it to he ! as johnny finish off a bottle of beer , big mac , the bullneck hire boss , come up to the table with a thick roll of bill . big mac here 's the cut from the shape-up . eight hundred and ninety - one man at three buck a head make '' put on glass , incongruous on he beefy face -- twenty -six seventy - three . johnny ( to charley ) here , you count it . countin ' make I sleepy . Terry enter during the above and sit at the bar , brood . johnny be glad to see he . johnny ( continue ) h'ya , slugger , how they hangin' ? terry ( subdued ) so-so , johnny . johnny ( pantomime , defend against blow ) do not hit I , now , do not hit I ! big mac we get a banana boat at forty - six tomorra . if we pull a walkout it might be a few buck from the shipper . they bananas go bad in a hurry . johnny we will ask ten G. ( look around ) where 's Morgan ? where 's that big banker of mine ? as johnny talk he hold on to Terry , and fondle he casually . morgan , a big -ear , large - nose little weasel of a man , poke he head in the door as if he be wait just outside . morgan right here , boss . johnny ( mockingly '' Morgan be sort of court jester ) well , j.p. , how 's business ? j.p. havin ' trouble with Kelly again , boss . he wo not take no loan and Big Mac put he to work anyway . big mac ( shouting at j.p . ) he 's my wife 's nephew . j.p. ( right back at Big Mac ) but he do not take no loan . big mac I get to give he work . she would murda I ... . j.p. ( shake he head ) that 's why I stay single . ( turn to johnny ) here 's the interest on the day , boss . five thirty two . johnny ( take it from he and hand it to sonny ) Count it . now sonny and charley be both count . skin , another runner for the mob , a nervous , pasty - face man , enter . johnny ( continue ) hey , skins— ( as skin approach johnny lower he voice ) -- get away with that sheet metal all right ? skin easy , that new checker fake the receipt . here it be , boss . ( offer receipt ) johnny Stow the receipt . I will take the cash . skin ( produce another roll of bill ) forty - five bill . johnny ( to Terry , sulk at the bar ) hey , Terry , front and center . Terry come over reluctantly and johnny hand he the bill . johnny ( continue ) Count this . terry aw , you know I do not like to count , johnny . johnny it 's good for you . develop you mind . skin what mind ? he start to laugh but johnny stop he with a look . johnny shut up . I like the kid . ( tweak Terry 's cheek fondly ) remember the night he take farella at St. Nick 's , charley . we win a bundle . Real tough . a big try . terry ( stop count and tap he nose proudly ) not a dent . ( tweak he nose ) perfect johnny ( laugh , rub Terry 's head ) my favorite little cousin . terry ( disconcert as he try to count ) thirty - six— sev— aah I lose the count . johnny ( tolerantly ) ok '' skip it , Einstein . how come you never get no education like the rest of we ? big mac ( good-naturedly ) only arithmetic he get be hearing the referee count up to ten . terry ( hot -tempere , start to attack Big Mac ) now listen , mac— johnny laugh and pull Terry back . johnny ( amused ) what give with we boy tonight , charley ? he be not himself . charley ( as if Terry be not there ) the joey doyle thing . you know how he be . thing like that '' he exaggerate they . too much Marquis of queensbury . it soften them up . johnny ( take the money from sonny , skin and j.p. and deal out some bill to each of they as if the money werecard , while charley go on count ) listen kid , I be a soft tough too . ask any rummy on the dock if I be not good for a fin any time they put the arm on I . ( then more harshly ) but my old lady raise we ten kid on a stinkin ' watchman 's pension . when I be sixteen I have to beg for work in the hold . I do not work my way up out of there for nuthin' . terry ( sorry to have arouse johnny '' who speak loud and with frightening force when stung ) I know , johnny , I know ... . johnny takin ' over this local , you know it take a little doin' . some pretty tough fella be in the way . they leave I this '' ( suddenly hold up chin to show a long ugly scar on neck ) —to remember they by . charley ( admiringly ) when he get up and chase they they think it be a dead man come after they . johnny ( to Terry ) I know what 's eatin ' you , kid . but I get two thousand due - payin ' member in my local— that 's seventy - two thousand a year legitimate and when each one of them put in a couple of buck a day to make sure they work steady '' well , you figure it out . and that 's just for opener . we get the fattest pier in the fattest harbor in the world . everything that move in and out— we take we cut . charley why should not we ? if we con get it we be entitle to it . johnny ( nod ) we be not robbin ' penny from beggar . we cuttin ' ourselves in for five - six million a year just on we half a dozen piers— a drop in the bucket compare to the traffic in the harbor . but a mighty sweet little drop , eh , charley ? charley ( wisely ) it will do . johnny so look , kid , you do not think we con afford to be box out of a deal like this '' a deal I sweat and ble for— on account of one lousy little cheese - eater , that doyle bum , who think he c'd go squealin' to the crime Commission ? do you ?— Terry be uncomfortably silent . johnny raise he voice . johnny '' do you ? terry well , no , johnny , I just think I should have be tell if '' charley ( hand back the money ) I make it twentysix twenty - three . you be fifty short , skin . johnny ( turn darkly on skin ) gimme . skin ( frighten ) i— I musta count wrong , boss , i— johnny gimme . he reach over and take money out of skin 's pocket , stripping he . johnny ( continue ) you come from Green Point ? go back to Green Point . you do not work here no more . ( impulsively he hand the bill to terry— smile ) here , kid , here 's half a bill . go get you load on . terry ( still troubled ) naw , thanks , johnny , I do not want it , i— johnny ( roughly ) go on— a little present from you uncle johnny . ( he push the bill into the breast pocket of Terry 's jacket , then turn to Big Mac ) and Mac , tomorra mornin ' when you shape the man put Terry in the loft . number one . every day . ( to Terry ) Nice easy work . check in and goof off on the coffee bag . o.k .? terry ( frown ) thanks , johnny ... . charley ( a kind of warning ) you get a real friend here , kid . do not forget it . johnny ( smile ) why should he forget it ? as Terry turn away , toward the bar , dissolve ext—tenement roof—daybreak Terry , darkly troubled , be watch the pigeon he have just feed when jimmy conner , a freckle - face fourteen - year-old boy , approach along the same stretch of roof see in the mugging of joey . jimmy hi! Terry turn around startle , as Jimmy come climb up out of the trough where joey be trap . jimmy '' I be gonna feed them , Terry . terry 's all right , kid . I take care of them myself this morning . jimmy Boy , you must have be up early . terry ( as if he hardly sleep ) yeah , yeah , I be awake anyway so I figure ( gesturestoward feed pigeon ; then with admiration ) they get it make . eat all they want fly around like crazy '' sleep side by side and raise gob of squab . o.s. or in b.g. a ship come into port sound its whistle , bring he back to reality . terry I better get over there . ( o.s. sound of ship whistle again . Terry answer the ship irritably ) o.k. , o.k. , I be come . ( start off ) do not spill no water on the floor now . I do not want they bird to catch cold . Jimmy signal the Golden warrior salute the first two finger raise together . Terry answer with the same salute as he go of ff , disturb . dissolve ext—long shot '' pier—day some three hundred man be stand around , man of all size and age , some in dungaree , some in baggy denim , wear batter windbreaker or service discard , and either cap or woolen pullover . a sprinkle of negroes . a ship be berthing in the b.g . the mood be somber and restless . closer shots—longshoremen muttering to each other . ad lib he be a good boy , the doyle kid . sure he be , that 's why he get it in the head . could not learn to keep he mouth shut . medium close —on terry with he chum , jackie , as another pal , chick , come up . Terry look around as if t rying to hear what the man be mutter behind he . chick ( to Jackie but really to Terry ) hey Jackie , what D 'ya think of this privileged character ? do not have to shape up no more . get himself a soft touch up in the loft . ( mimic sound of snore ) terry ( defensively ) who tell you that ? chick ( wink at Jackie ) waterfront western Union . ( business of put he hand to he mouth ) Terry look around at the restless man again . jackie you be doin ' lovely , Terry , very lovely . terry ( hotly ) o.k. , o.k. , that 's enough . in the b.g. pop can be see approach nolan , moose , Tommy , and luke with a windbreaker jacket over he arm . jackie ( a little hurt ) what 's the matter wit ' you , success go to ya head ? terry I tell you lay off . jackie ( to chick in a falsetto ) my be not we touchy this morning ? medium close—men behind terry at pier entrance—day nolan , moose , Tommy , luke , and other be mutter about joey . pop come up to they . the man quickly drop the subject of joey . nolan go home , pop . the lad who get work today will be chippin ' in gladly . tommy sure , we will take care of ya . luke that 's the truth , pop . other mutter expression of bitter sympathy . " tough about joey , " etc . pop thanks , boy , but I be gonna shape . who do you think 's gonna pay for the funeral '' johnny friendly and the boss stevedore ? close shot—terry reacting . sonny , a few foot away , also hear and we follow he back to pop and group . sonny hey , watch that talk . what you say ? nolan he be just tellin ' I how proud he be to belong to a fine honest local run by such a outstandin ' labor leader as johnny friendly . sonny do not get wise now , you . nolan Wise ! if I be wise I would not be no longshoreman for thirty year and poorer now than when I start . sonny look at he threateningly . nolan hold he ground and sonny go on . pop here '' I bring you joey 's windbreaker— wear it , kayo . your be more full of hole than the Pittsburgh infield . close shot '' nolan he be affect , but largely hide he feeling . group shot '' pop , nolan , moose , tommy j.p. Morgan pop up right behind pop. j.p. condolence . how you fix for cabbage this mornin ' ? nolan oh I and my chum be just roll in the stuff . we only work down here for a hobby , j.p. ( pop 's croney chuckle . ) moose haw , haw , haw— that 's a good one . j.p. ( undaunted , to pop ) you will be need a few dollar for you extras , wo not you , pop ? you be three week behind on the last twenty - five , but I be willing to take a chance . nolan some chance at ten percent a week ! and if he do not borrow , he do not work . j.p. ( to pop ) you will work . nolan I ought to belt you one , j.p. j.p. ( retreate slightly ) raise a hand to I and ... . nolan ... .and you will tell johnny friendly . j.p. you would be off the pier for good . pop ( ashamed ) all right , slip I a bill— and may you rot in hell , j.p. j.p. when I be dead and go you will know what a friend I be . nolan Drop dead now , why do not you , so we con test you theory ? moose lead the laughter . j.p. look at they sourly . j.p. condolence . j.p. go off with he shoulder bent over and he head down , like some mournful bird , and nolan walk behind he , mimick . nolan notice pop be not laugh and stop . camera follows j.p. toward Terry , chick , and Jackie and hold on they . two man in business suits—one of they carry a briefcase , look decidedly out of place on the waterfront— approach . glover ( larger , more good - nature of the two ) do any of you man know Terry malloy ? jackie malloy ? never hear of ' im . chick ( quickly ) I neither they both turn away sullenly . glover and he colleague , gillette , look at Terry carefully . gillette be scrappy and tough . glover you be Terry malloy , be not you ? terry ( suspiciously ) what about it ? glover I think I recognize you . saw you fight in St. Nick 's a couple of year ago . terry ( impatiently ) o.k. o.k . without the bird seed . what do you want ? glover we identification . he snap out he wallet and hold it open for Terry 's inspection . terry waterfront— crime— Commission '' ? ( push wallet back indignantly ) what 's that ? glover we be get ready to hold public hearing on waterfront crime and underworld infiltration of longshore union . terry ( automatically ) I do not know nothing . gillette you have not hear the question yet . glover ( pleasantly ) there 's a rumor that you be one of the last people to see joey doyle alive . terry and I still say '' I do not know nothing . gillette we be not accuse you of anything , Mr. malloy . glover I hope you understand that . gillette we only want to ask you a few thing about people you may know . terry people i— you mean sing for you . get out of here before i— gillette ( with a slight but confident smile ) I would not advise that , Mr. malloy . unless you want to be book for assault a officer of the law . terry listen , I do not know nothing , I do not see nothing , I be not say nothing . so why do not you and you girlfriend get lose . glover ( gently ) all right , Mr. malloy , you have a right not to talk , if that 's what you choose to do . but the public have a right to know the fact , too . gillette ( nodd in agreement ) we may be see you again . terry never will be much too soon . glover ( almost like a friend ) take it easy . the two man nod and turn away . Jackie and chick , a few pace off , have be take it in . Terry swagger for they benefit . terry how do you like they joker ? take I for a pigeon . jackie ( mimick the investigator , in a falsetto ) gimme the name , I will write them down in I little book . chick laugh and punch Terry 's arm with rough affection . terry ( respond to the praise ) one more word and I would have belt the two of them , badge or no badge ! they nod and laugh approvingly . there be a blast from the ship in the b.g. which be just docking . medium close —on big mac the hire boss . a stevedore official come up to he with a box of slip . stevedore here 's the tabs for two hundred banana carrier . Big Mac blow he whistle . medium close '' pop , nolan , etc .— pier—day nolan ( try to cheer pop up ) a banana boat . it would be bananas . one of this day I ship 's comin ' in from Ireland , God love 'er , load to the gunnel with sweet irish whiskey ! pop nolan , I lad , ye be dreamin ' again . they laugh , then pop look o.s. and frown . pop '' edie ? long shot—edie —pier—day from pop 's Pov . talk to a pier guard . close —on pop stand with kayo . about to start forward when the shape - up whistle blow , restrain he . pop ( to kayo ) what the devil be she doin ' down here ? close on edie and pier guard '' pier—day guard ( with a brogue ) edie , I know you father well , and I be sorry for you trouble . but there 's be hundred of murder down here and practically no conviction '' hardly any arrest . edie why , Mr. rourke ? why ? guard the last fellow who talk be awful dead when they pull he out of the river . I guess the sister do not teach you thing like that up at you school in tarrytown . ( with a gesture of futility ) that 's the waterfront . he shrug he helplessness and turn away . edie stand crestfallen . then she turn in the opposite direction away from the pier . ext—medium shot —father barry —outside pier—day Father Barry be approach . edie ( surprised ) Father Barry . father barry hello , edie . edie I be afraid I speak out of turn last night . father barry you think I be just a gravy - train rider in a turn - around collar ? she say nothing . father barry do not you ? ( with humor ) I see the sister teach you not to lie . she smile in spite of herself . father barry I have be think about you question and the answer come up and hit mak bang . this be my parish . I do not know how much I can do but you be right , edie— I will never find out if I do not come down here and take a good look for myself . she look at he hopefully . o.s. a whistle blow again , shrilly . they turn in its direction . medium close '' big mac —at pier entrance—day put he whistle away . group shot—longshoremen—pier—day wait silently , hopefully . big mac the follow man report to the loft— closer shot —favoring terry big mac malloy . Terry step forward . hendrick , krajowski . now , two hundred banana carrier . he approach the man . close —on father barry and edie watch from the slip . edie pop never talk about this . Father Barry watch interestedly . group shot —shape-up—day the man press closer to Big Mac , each one try to attract he attention . big mac do not crowd I . stand back . a old man ( seedy , toothless ) give I a break , Mac . I be two week out of work . moose I get five kid . I need a day bad . a beefy longshoreman ( old -fashion look in he knit stock cap and heavy wool sweater ) how about I , Mac ? I know you old man . big mac ( roughly ) come on , you bum , push back . I will do the pickin' . close shots—longshoremen from Big Mac 's angle . one touch a ear—another stroke he chin— another beg with he yes—hungry , plead , desperate face . close —on big mac angrily try to clear the way . the old man I will give four buck for the job . beefy longshoreman I will kick in five . big mac ( shove they hard ) back ! get back ! the beefy longshoreman actually make a grab for one of the tabs . the man begin to surround and engulf Mac . he be jostle and push . the beefy longshoreman , slightly behind Mac , suddenly knock the box of tabs out of he hand . big mac ( desperately over he shoulder ) hey , sonny ! truck ! full shot—longshoremen melee two hundred and fifty man scramble on the ground , fight for the tabs like animal . close —on father barry and edie horrify , as they watch the struggle . a series of shot detailing battle close shot —kayo nolan as he begin to rise , tab in hand , a big longshoreman at least a head taller swing a vicious punch at he . kayo , with old - time box skill , " slip " it by a fraction of a inch . the effect could be a moment of comedy relief . close shot—moose on the ground—as he be about to pick up a tab , a heavy shoe step on he hand and the tab be grab away from he . close —on father barry and edie watch helplessly . edie pop ! free-for-all favoring pop & terry pop be battle near the edge of the free-for - all , in view of edie and Father Barry . he see a tab on the ground and be about to pick it up when another man only slightly young and bigger punch he in the nose . he retaliate with a looping punch that knock he adversary back ; but he be unable to scoop up the tab because meanwhile a crony of Terry 's have call over . jackie hey , Terry . grab I on ! Terry reach for it with one hand while block pop off with he leg . he call over to a crony . terry here you go , Jackie boy . as he hand it over to he chum , pop come charge in at Terry . pop hey , give I that . he swing wild punch at Terry . just then luke , the burly negro longshoreman , see a tab behind pop , hurl himself toward it , carry pop with he , and back into the battle royal . close shot—edie she have see the above action and make a beeline for Terry . she be furious ! edie give I that . it belong to pop . he see it first . Terry be enjoy himself . unconsciously edie be press herself against he to get the tab and she rage be a kind of passion that please he . terry oh , I think you be gonna go to work— with all they muscle . ( wink at Jackie , who laugh ) edie give it to mak my pop 's job— terry what make he so special ? edie none of you business . terry ( to Jackie ; hand he the tab ) thing be lookin ' up on the dock , huh , Jackie ? jackie do not you recognize he , dopey . that 's Old man doyle . terry ( lose he bravado ) doyle . ( look around at pop , the identity hit he ) joey doyle 's ... .? ( stare at edie ) ... . you be he ... . edie ( firmly ) sister . yes I be . he run he hand over he face and then , with a sudden impulse : terry you do not want to lug bananas in the rain anyway , do you , Jackie ? he reach over and take the tab back from Jackie . jackie aah , give it to ' im . Terry hand the slip to edie and add , for the benefit of he pal : terry here you go , muscle . Nice wrastlin ' with you . he flexe he forearm and throw two quick jab at a imaginary opponent , a characteristic gesture . he set he cap at a jaunty angle and wink at he chum but we feel he manner be force , barely hide he guilt . edie look after he with smolder anger . she turn as Father Barry come into view , lead pop . pop 's nose be bleed and he be pretty thoroughly batter . nolan join he . father barry pop , you all right ? pop ( brusquely ) sure , just the beak— ( tap he nose ) it 's be bust before . edie hand he the tab . edie here '' I get it for you . pop take it , but he be humiliate , and bitter that she should see he in this moment of weakness . pop okay , I can use it '' ( glare at she ) now go back to the sister where you belong . ( his anger mount with he need to regain he self - respect , he turn on Father Barry . ) I be surprised with you , Father , if you do not mind my sayin ' so . lettin ' she see thing be not fit for the eye of a decent girl . just then Big Mac shout from the pier open . big mac hey , doyle , you get a tab ? pop ( hold it up angrily ) yeah ! big mac then get in there . number three gang , number one hatch , puh-ronto . pop jump and hurry . nolan ( follow pop ) we welfare officer . he 's be away three time for assault and battery . medium close—edie and father barry watch he go . around they be at least one hundred reject man who linger in resentful silence . some of they be rub hand bruise in the melee . a truck , hurry into the pier , sound its horn loudly . the man barely avoid be run down . big mac ( angrily , to the reject group ) outa the way . come back tomorra . Father Barry look at all this in amazement . father barry ( to one reject man ) what do you do now ? the man shrug , too beat down to answer . Father Barry ask luke : what be you gonna do ? luke ( bitterly ) like he say . come back tomorra . luke go along with Father Barry , who approach moose and Tommy , who have also be reject . father barry be this what you do , just take it like this ? moose ( carefully look around and lowering he voice matter - of - factly ) five straight mornin 's I be standin ' here and the bum look right through I . there 's always a couple hundred leave standin ' in the street . tommy ( undertone ) shh. sonny 's over there . father barry and there 's nothing you can do ? how about you union ? moose ( in a undertone ) you know how a blackjack local work , Father . get up in a meetin' , make a motion , the light go out , you go out . tommy if three guy talk on a corner , johnny 's '' ( he take a careful look around . ) uboy break we up . look at them . father barry do not the miners— sailor '' garment worker '' get rid of this year ago ? tommy the waterfront 's tougher— like it be not part of America . anywhere else you get the law protectin ' ya . here ya just get knock off and forget . like— ( he stop . ) luke ( frighten ) shh , not here , across the street . moose River Street , you might as well be in— sonny and truck move in . sonny what be this , a church picnic ? get outa here . Excuse I , Father . they all start away from the pier . moose ( look to see if he be out of earshot ) that 's how it 's be ever since johnny and he cowboy take over the local . tommy name one place where it 's even safe to talk . father barry ( impulsively ) use the church . luke what ? father ( after a significant pause ) the bottom of the church . Father Barry have speak in a normal voice , as contrast with the whisper of the other , and they all look off toward sonny and truck to see if they have hear . close —on sonny watch they suspiciously . back to father barry , edie and group moose ( still in a undertone ) you know what you be let yourself in for , Father ? father barry get a cigarette on you ? ( as he be give one , he look off ) medium shot—sonny from Father Barry 's angle . medium close —father barry father barry ( he voice decisive ) you hear I boy . use the bottom of the church . Father Barry look at edie . dissolve int—medium shot '' pier loft—day in this long area atop the work pier various article of cargo be store . elderly man work at a leisurely pace . close shot '' pile of coffee bags—day on top of which Terry be lie comfortably read a comic book . charley enter to he . charley work hard ? terry it 's a live . he wriggle himself deeper into the coffee bag . charley ( look up at he ) you do not mind work once in a while to justify this lofty position ? terry I just fnished work . I count the bag . charley we get a little extra detail for you . the local priest and this doyle girl be get up a meeting in the church . we would like a rundown on it . you know , name and number of all the player . you be nominate . terry ( frown ) why I , charley ? I would feel funny go in there . charley ( indicate this job ) johnny do you favor , kid . you get to do a little one for he once in a while . terry but go in that church , I would be stooling for you , charley . you make a pigeon out of I . charley ( tolerantly ) let I explain you something , kid . stool be when you rat on you friend , on the guy you be with . ( see Terry frown ) when johnny need a favor , do not try to figure it out , just do it . now go ahead , join the congregation . dissolve int—entranceway to lower level—church—evening this be a overflow chapel for the church above . there be stain - glass window , a altar , pews and the figure of saint , but all be utter simplicity ; it have not lose its basement feel , and the unadorn wall and low lighting may suggest the catacomb . the above be see from the Pov of Terry as he approach . Inside Father Barry face a small group of longshoremen still in they work clothes , include nolan , moose , Tommy , and luke ; edie sit behind they . a thin - face , rather ascetic-look priest , father vincent , sit disapprovingly in the rear . as Terry stand in the rear , not anxious to enter , Father Barry be say : father barry ( rapidly , with a cigarette in he mouth ) I think there would be more of you here , buty the Roman find out what a handful could do , if it 's the right handful . and the same go for you and the mob that 's get they foot on you neck . I be just a potato - eater but be not it simple as one - two three ? one '' the work condition be bad . two— they be bad because the mob do the hire . Three '' the only way to break the mob be to stop let they get away with murder . ( he look around at they . everybody be silent , wait . ) if just one of you would answer one question , we would have a start . ( pause ) and that question be '' who kill joey doyle ? reverse—on group silence . moose look down at the floor . nolan work he leave fist into the palm of he right hand . Tommy run he hand over he face , embarrassed . luke stare straight ahead of he . Terry set he jaw stubbornly . edie look at all of they with a hopeful , plead intensity . Father Barry wait , and then ask again— father barry not one of you have a line on— who kill joey doyle ? silence . I have get a hunch every one of you could tell we something about it . silence . then answer this one '' how can we call ourselves Christians and protect this murderer with we silence ? silence . the Father look from one to the other , hope for some break in the rank . Terry start down the aisle , just as edie turn on Tommy . edie Tommy Collins , you be joey 's best friend . how can you just sit there and not be say anything ? tommy ( miserably ) I will always think of he as my best friend , buty he fall silent and shake he head . next to he , nolan notice Terry . nolan ( mutter to moose ) who ask he here ? father barry ( to Terry ) have a seat . I be try to find out just what happen to joey doyle . maybe you can help . Terry be tight - lipped . nolan ( whisper loudly to moose ) the brother of charley the gent . they will help we get to the bottom of the river . terry ( turnsaround angrily ) keep charley out of this . nolan ( spunkily ) you do not think he would be— helpful ? terry ( insolently ) go ask he , why do not you ? ask he yourself . nolan maybe I will— one of this day . terry ( laugh scornfully ) one of this day . they glare at each other . edie regards Terry with curiosity . father barry ( cut through ) now listen , if you know who the pistol be , if you see they on the dock every day , be you go to keep still until they cut you down one by one ? ( turn from one to the other ) be you ? be you ? how about you , nolan ? nolan Father , one thing you get to understand . on the dock we have always be D and D. father barry ( puzzle ) D and D ? nolan ( nodd ) deef and dumb . somethin ' con happen right in front of we nose and we do not see nothin' . you know what I mean . no matter how much we hate the torpedoe we do not rat . moose , luke , and other mutter agreement . father barry boy , get smart . I know you be get ' push around but one thing we get in this country be way of fightin ' back . get ' the fact to the public . testifyin ' for what you know be right against what you know be wrong . what 's ratting to they be tell the truth for you . can not you see that ? ( turn from one to another ) huh ? huh ? the man do not respond . a few look back at Terry apprehensively . Father Barry subside , feel defeat . Father Vincent come forward and take over the meeting . father vincent ( dismiss they ) this seem to be just about all we can do at this time , I think you will agree , Father , and so I would like to close with a few word from St. Paul , " come unto I ... . " he be interrupt by the shatter of glass as a rock come hurtle through the long narrow stain - glass window . everyone look at each other in alarm . some jump up . nolan ( thumbing toward the window ) that 's we friend . close up—terry look at edie ; then he case the room for other exit . medium close —father barry and father vincent father vincent what do I tell you about stick you neck out ? father barry this feller need help , Vince . father vincent ( stride off ) okay . do not blame I when they pack you off to abyssinia . father barry I will take my chance . ( turnstoward the group , pick up the rock ) we must be on the right track or they would not be send we this little call card . ( pause ) who 's get a cigarette ? ( as he take one ) you better go home in pair . they all start out tensely , Father Barry help to pair they off at the door . edie linger behind they , frighten . as she start forward , Terry suddenly approach . terry not that way . she look at he in surprise . Terry pull she back with rough solicitousness . terry come on , I will get you out . before she have time to protest he be lead she rapidly to another exit . dissolve ext—long shot —church exit—day moose and nolan come down the step of the church . they do not realize they be be ambush but the audience do . the goons leap out at they , and we see the effect of this action in the giant shadow across the face of the church , the flail bat loom as large as telephone pole . we hear the cry of pain , then groan . ext—medium close—street—dusk as Father Barry run up , sonny and truck be work nolan over with baseball bat . Father Barry wrestle with they , take a glance blow in consequence , and the goons take off . nolan sink to the sidewalk with blood stream from he head and Father Barry kneel beside he . father barry you all right , nolan ? nolan ( furiously ) yeah , considerin ' they be usin' my head for a baseball ! father barry ( take a handkerchief to blot the blood on nolan 's face ) Nice fellow . nolan ( rub he head angrily ) that blood sucker . how I would love to fix that baby buty father barry but you still hold out for silence ? nolan hesitates . father barry you still call it ratting ? nolan be you on the level , Father ? father barry what do you think ? nolan if I stick my neck out , and they chop it off , would that be the end of it ? or be you ready to go all the way ? father barry I will go down the line , kayo , believe I . nolan Baseball bat '' that 's just for opener . they will put the muscle on you , turn - around collar or no turn - around collar . father barry and I still say you stand up and I will stand up with you . nolan down to the wire ? father barry so help I God ! nolan well , I have my fun , I have drunk my fill and I tickle some good - lookin ' filly '' I be on borry time . nolan say this with a slight smile as he make a effort to rise . father barry ( as he help nolan to he foot with a grin ) we be off and run , kayo . medium close —at church entrance—dusk Father Vincent be nervously close the door . ext—rectory—fire escape—day lead down to a dark side street . Terry pull edie along at a fly pace . he jump down from the bottom landing , then look up to catch she , for whom the height be too great . he hold she for a moment . then he stop and listen . heavy rapid footstep approach . it be moose and luke , closely follow by goons wield baseball bat . Terry pull edie back against the wall into the shadow . the goons run past and Terry start racing with edie down a narrow alley in the opposite direction . medium close —waterfront street—night the one that meet the alley at the other end . as Terry reach the street with edie , he look around to be sure all 's quiet . terry ( look back ) I think we be o.k. edie ( catch she breath ) thanks . ( shake she head ) steel pipe and baseball bat . terry they play pretty rough . edie ( puzzle ) which side be you with ? terry ( point to himself ) I be with Terry . edie ( straighten she dress ) I will get home all right now . terry I better see you get there . she look at he wonderingly . the rummy longshoreman , mutt Murphy , shuffles over toward edie with he hand out , frightening she closer to Terry . mutt a dime . one thin dime for a cup of coffee . terry coffee , that 's a laugh . his belly be use to nothing but rotgut whiskey . mutt ( ignore Terry and come closer to edie ) one little dime you do not need . ( he bring he whiskered , sodden face very close to edie 's and stare at she as if througha dense fog . ) I know you— you be edie doyle . you brother 's a saint— ( cross himself quickly ) –only one ever try to get I my compensation . he point a waver ( unconsciously accuse ) finger at Terry . mutt remember , Terry , you be there the night he be ' ? close up—edie—street—night look at Terry in surprise . terry ( nervously reach into he pocket ) yeah , yeah '' here 's half a buck , go have yourself a ball . mutt I can not believe it— a small fortune . ( he kiss the coin , then pull from he shirt a small tobacco pouchful of coin in which he deposit this one . ) ( then turn on Terry again ) you can not buy mak you be still a bum ! ( raise he cap to edie with unexpected formality ) ' bye , edie . Lord have mercy on joey . ( cross himself quickly and he go off ) terry ( sourly ) look who say bum ! edie ( look after mutt ) everybody love joey . from the little kid to the old rummy . ( look up at Terry ) do you know he very well ? terry ( evasively ) everybody know he . he get around . edie ( look after mutt ) what do that man mean when he say you be ... .? terry ( quickly ) aah , he 's a bottlebaby , he talk to himself , the joke of the neighborhood . edie ( glance at he and then hurry she step ) I better get home . she give Terry as wide a berth as possible . terry do not be afraid of I . I be not go to bite you . she continue to walk apart from he . what 's the matter , they do not let you walk with feller where you have be ? edie you know how the sister be . terry you training to be a nun or something ? edie ( smile ) it 's a regular college . it 's just run by the nun . the sister of St. Anne . terry and you spend all you time just learn stuff , huh ? edie ( smile at the way he put it ) I want to be a teacher . terry a teacher ! Dong !!! ( he 's impressed ) you know I admire brain . take my brother charley . he 's very brainy . very . edie ( quietly ) it be not brain . it 's how you use they . terry ( increasingly impressed , almost awestruck ) yeah . yeah . I get you think . you know I see you lot of time before . parochial school on pulaski Street ? Seven , eight year ago ? you hair come down in '' edie in braid ? that 's right . terry look like two piece of rope . and you tooth be '' edie ( smile ) I know . I think I would never get that brace off . terry ( laugh ) man , you be a mess ! edie I can get home all right from here— terry the think I be tryin ' to get over be you grow up beauteeful . remember I ? edie ( nodd ) the moment I see you . terry ( strutting ) some people get face that stick in you mind . edie ( tenderly ) I remember you be in trouble all the time . terry now you get I ! it 's a wonder I be not punchy by the time I be twelve . the ruler that sister use to whack I with ! ( crack himself on the head and laugh ) they think they could beat a education into I '' I fox them . edie maybe they just do not know how to handle you . terry ( warming to the subject ) how would you have do it ? edie with a little more patience and kindness . that 's what make people mean and difficult . nobody care enough about they . Terry play " heart and Flowers " on a imaginary violin . edie watch curiously . edie what 's that ? terry pardon I while I reach for my bead . edie what ? terry what - what ? where you be the last four five year ? Outer space ? edie when mother die pop send I out to school in the country . he be afraid with no one home I 'd— get into bad company . terry ( righteously ) well he play it smart . too many good - for-nothin 's around here . all they get on they mind 's a little beer , a little pool , a little— ( look at she and catch himself , he face register : I be with a Nice girl ) I better get you home . dissolve ext tenement sunday afternoon overhead a flock of pigeon sweep by , close enough for the flap of they wing to be hear . Terry and edie approach the stoop . terry ( look up ) Boy , they sure fly nice , do not they ? edie ( surprised ) do you like pigeon ? terry that 's my own flock up there , get they evening workout . I win plenty of race with them . ( impulsively ) listen , you want to see they ? come up on the roof with I and I will show them to you . they have reach the stoop of edie 's tenement . edie I would better go in . terry ( not want to let go of she ) I only live up there and across the roof . edie ( go in ) thanks anyway . terry ( follow she ) listen , edie , be I go to see you again ? edie ( simply ) what for ? terry ( suddenly bewilder ) I do not know . edie I really do not know . then she go in abruptly . Terry be leave stand there , stare after she , confuse by the unfamiliar emotion he be feel for she . suddenly he thought be interrupt by— medium closemmy . collin the sound of a lower - floor window open as Mrs. Collins stick she head out . mrs . collin you get some nerve . terry what do you mean ? close shot—edie overhear , as she enter the house . medium close —terry and mrs . collin mrs . collin you know what I mean . leave she alone . terry ( apologetically ) I be only talkin ' to she . mrs . collin she 's off limit for bum like you . leave she alone . terry I can look at she , can not I ? it 's a free country . mrs . collin ( as she go ) not that free . she close window . edie—interior—on stair she mount the stair , think about what she have just hear . we be close on she face , as she approach the door to they place . int—edie's bedroomkevening as edie enter , pop , in he undershirt , favorite attire , be just put the last article into edie 's suitcase . he snap the suitcase shut . there be a old cat on the bed . pop you be all pack . ( reach into he pocket ) and here 's you bus ticket . you be on you way back to St. Anne 's . edie pop , I be not ready to go back yet . pop edie , for year we push quarter into a cookie jar , to keep you up there with the sister , and to keep you from thing like I just see out the window . my own daughter arm -in - arm with Terry malloy . you know who Terry malloy be ? edie ( simply ) who be he , pop ? pop ( mimic ) who be he ! edie , you be so softheart and soft-head you would not recognize the devil if he have you by the throat . you know who this Terry malloy be ? the kid brother of Charlie the gent , johnny friendly 's right hand , a butcher in a camel hair coat . edie be you try to tell I Terry be too ? pop ( shouting ) I be not try to tell you he 's Little Lord fauntleroy . edie he try to act tough , but there 's a look in he eye that ... . pop a look in he eye ! hold you hat , brother , here we go again . you think he 's one of that case you be always draggin ' in and feelin ' sorry for . like the litter of kitten you had— the only one she want to keep have six toe and it 's cockey to boot . look at he . the bum ! and the crush you have on that little abyssinian ... . edie he be not abyssinian , pop , assyrian ... . pop six -to cat . assyrian . abyssinian . it 's the same difference . well do not think this Terry malloy be any six - to cockey assyrian . he 's a bum . charley and johnny friendly own he when he be a fighter and when they ring the bell he still go into action . edie ( muse ) he want to see I again . pop you think we keep you out in tarrytown just to have you go walkin ' with a corner saloon hoodlum like Terry malloy ? now get back to tarrytown , before I put a strap to you . edie ( flaring ) and learn about charity and justice and all the other thing people would rather talk about than practice ? pop go up to she and hold out he two arm , he right one closer to edie ; he tremble with emotion . pop see this arm ? it 's two inch longer and the other one . that 's year of workin ' and sweatin ' , liftin ' and swingin ' a hook . and every time I heist a box or a coffee bag I say to myself—this be for edie , so she can be a teacher or something ' decent . I promise you mother . you better not let she down . suddenly touch , edie go up to pop and kiss he . edie pop , do not think I be not feel grateful for all you have do to get I a education and shelter I from this . ( become arouse ) but now my eye be open . I see thing I know be so wrong how can I go back and keep my mind on thing that be only in book and that people be not live ? I be stay , pop . and I be go to keep on try to find out who 's guilty for joey . I would walk home with a dozen Terry malloy if I think they could help I . I tell you I be stay , pop . pop start to pull he belt out of he trousers . pop you be like edie ( with regret and affection ) pop ! she turn and run out . pop with he belt in one hand , take a few step after she and then stop and stare at the unused bus ticket . pop ( shaking he head as he mutter ) Jesus , Mary and Joseph , keep a eye on she . ext—tenement rooftop—evening Autumn on the roof . it be not particularly romantic—there be clothesline , wooden box , etc . but to the people of this neighborhood it be a luxurious terrace . Terry 's bird be aloft , fly in a great circle , nicely silhouett against the sun-drenched evening sky . Jimmy conner be with he . Terry have a long pole with which he keep the bird circle . moose be lean against the wall , play a irish melody on he harmonica . his wife , a heavyset woman , sit beside he . moose's wife ( move she foot ) my foot feel like dancin' . but the rest of I just feel like settin ' here . medium shot—terry as he swing he pole he look off and sees— long shot—edie—rooftop—evening hurrying toward he across the rooftop . medium close—terry—rooftop—evening catch sight of she , and stop to admire she as she come toward he . terry ( to Jimmy ) okay '' I guess they get enough exercise . let them come in . he put down the pole and the bird start fly down toward the coop . he see edie approach . jimmy I wonder how long she 's goin ' to hang around , huh , Terry ? terry ( indicate the pigeon ) be sure they get enough water . and he turn to await edie . shot —bringing edie to terry edie I change my mind . I feel real mean tonight . terry ( pleased ) good . so do i. as Jimmy go off to fetch some water , edie read the fancy lettering on the back of he jacket . edie the Golden Warrior . terry I start they Golden Warrior . I be they first Supreme Commander . now Jimmy start back toward they . terry my shadow . he follow I around like I be mickey mantle . thinks I be a big man because I box pro for a while . ( throw a few quick jab ) several pigeon swoop down and enter the coop . he nod towards she . terry here they come ! the champion flock of the neighborhood . edie you do not mind yourself at all , do you . ( turn to the bird ) joey use to race pigeon . terry ( darken ) he have a few bird . ( pause , nod toward joey 's coop across the roof ) I get up and feed them this morning . edie that be nice of you . terry ( disconcert , need to talk ) I like pigeon . you send a bird five hundred mile away he will not stop for food or water until he 's back in he own coop . edie I would not have think you would be so interested —in pigeon . terry I go for this stuff . you know this city 's full of hawk ? there must be twenty thousand of them . they perch on top of the big hotel and swoop down on the pigeon in the park . edie ( slightly horrify ) the thing that go on . terry ( proudly indicate a large pigeon in the coop ) how do you like that one ? edie oh she 's a beauty . jimmy ( critically ) she 's a he . his name be swifty . terry my lead bird . he 's always on that top perch . edie he look awful proud of himself . jimmy why should not he ? he 's the boss . terry if another fella try to take that perch away from he , he let he have it . edie even pigeon be not peaceful . terry one thing about they though , they be faithful . they get marry just like people . jimmy better . terry yeah , once they be mate they stay together all they life until one of them die . edie that 's nice . they look at each other , both strangely upset . terry ( suddenly ) listen , you like beer ? edie I do not know . terry want to go out and have one with I ? edie in a saloon ? terry ( implore ) come on , I know a quiet one , with a special entrance for lady ... . dissolve int —saloon klady ' side '' night perhaps a sign can emphasize lady ' entrance . as Terry lead edie in , a tipsy irish biddy be noisily protest she enforce departure . woman '' I be only after havin ' one more wee bit— bartender you and you one -more . now beat it . as Terry and edie reach the bar , the radio blare a baseball game . a roar go up from the speaker . bartender nod to Terry . in the corner a small well - oile longshoreman sing " I will take you Home again , Kathleen " in a plaintive , crack voice . bartender well , what do you know '' Jackie just steal home . terry ( glance at edie with a mischievous wink at the bartender ) I would not mind do that myself . the bartender grin . Terry guide edie to a small table . bartender ( to edie ) what be you drink ? edie hesitates , obviously not know what to ask for . a customer at the bar say , loudly '' singer of " kathleen " ( b.g . ) give I a glockenheimer . edie ( it could be root beer for all she know ) I will try a— glockenheimer . terry ( to bartender ) likewise . and draw two for chaser . ( to edie ) now you be beginning to live . edie ( as the drink be pour ) I be ? edie pick up she glass , sniff the content with some distaste and then sip it tentatively . Terry watch with amusement . terry ( still swagger ) not that way— like this . ( hold glass up ) down the hatch ! ( gulp it down ) wham ! edie take she drink and do likewise . she gasp and she eye pop . edie ( with soft amazement ) wham ... . terry ( grin at she ) how do you like it ? edie it 's quite— ( gulp ) –nice . terry how about another one ? edie ( already feel this one ) no thanks ... . terry ( to bartender ) hit I again , Mac . bartender ( as he pour drink ) see the fight last night ? that riley—both hand . Little bit on you style . terry hope he have better luck . edie be you really a prize fighter ? terry ( nod ) I go pretty good for a while , do not I , Al ? but '' I do not stay in shape— and '' ( a little ashamed ) '' I have to take a few dive . edie a dive ? you mean , into the water ? terry ( laugh harshly ) naw , in the ring , a dive be - he stop , shake he head and with he finger draw a invisible square in the air . edie ( mystify ) now what be you do ? terry describe you . a square from out there . I mean you be nowhere . ( draw it again ) miss four corner . edie ( smile , but persistent ) what make you want to be a fighter ? terry I have to scrap all my life . figure I might as well get pay for it . when I be a kid my old man get killed—never mind how . charley and I be put in a place—they call it a Children 's Home . some home ! I run away and peddle papers , fight in club smoker and '' ( catch himself ) but what be I runnin ' off at the mouth for ? what do you care ? edie should not we care about everybody ? terry what a fruitcake you be ! edie be not everybody part of everybody else ? terry gee , thought ! alla time thought ! ( then ) you really believe that drool ? edie ( deeply shocked ) Terry ! terry want to hear my philosophy ? do it to he before he do it to you . edie ( arouse ) we Lord say just the opposite . terry I be not lookin ' to get crucify . I be lookin ' to stay in one piece . edie ( flaring up ) I never meet such a person . not a spark of romance or sentiment or— or human kindness in you whole body . terry what do they do for you , except get in you way ? edie and when thing get in you way— or people —you just knock they aside get rid of them— be that you idea ? terry ( defensive stung ) listen— get this straight— do not look at I when you say they thing . it be not my fault what happen to you brother . fix joey be not my idea ... . edie ( gently ) why , Terry , who say it be ? terry ( lamely ) well , nobody , I guess . but that Father Barry , I do not like the way he keep lookin ' at I . edie he be look at everybody the same way . ask the same question . terry ( troubled , not convinced ) yeah , yeah ... . ( suddenly ) this Father Barry , what 's he racket ? edie ( shocked ) his— racket ? terry ( try to regain he bravado ) you have be off in daisyland , honey . everybody 's get a racket . edie but a priest ...? with he finger he again describe a square in the air and then point through it to edie . this time it anger she . edie you do not believe in anything , do you ? terry edie , down here it 's every man for himself . it 's keepin ' alive ! it 's standin ' in with the right people so you can keep a little loose change jinglin ' in you pocket . edie and if you do not ? terry if you do not ( point downward with a descend whistle ) keep you neck in and you nose clean and you will never have no trouble down here . edie but that 's live like a animal— Terry seem almost to illustrate this by the way he drain off he beer and wipe he mouth with he sleeve . terry I would rather live like a animal than end up like he hesitates . edie like joey ? be you afraid to mention he name ? terry ( challenged—defensive ) why keep harpin ' on it ? ( look at she unfinish beer ) come on , drink up . you get to get a little fun out of life . what 's the matter with you ? ( nod toward juke box ) I will play you some music . he start toward the juke box . she turn with he . suddenly something cry out in she , almost as if she do not know she be go to say it '' edie help I , if you can— for God 's sake help I ! close —on terry for the first time the edge be knock off he swagger . he feel the purity of she grief . he would like to help—that 's he immediate reaction . but there 's he brother charley and he steady work and he loyalty to the mob and its code . all this run through he mind , confusing he , tear he ... . close —on terry and edie Terry turn back to she , with a helpless gesture . terry i— I would like to , edie , buty ( shake he head ) —there 's nothin ' I can do . edie feel subdued , ashamed at break down . she rise , and in a low voice says— edie all right , all right .. I should not have ask you . terry you have not finish you beer . edie I do not want it . but why do not you stay and finish you drink . terry ( swinging off the stool ) I get my whole life to drink . as if magnetize by she , he follow she out . ext klady ' bar '' night as Terry come up alongside she . terry you be not sore at I ? edie ( with complete innocence ) what for ? terry for— not be any help ? she look at he with disturbing simplicity . edie why no '' I think you would if you could ... . close up—terry struck . her faith in he and in human nature become the most painful kind of accusation . two -shot—edie and terry—street—night softly , silently , she begin to cry . terry ( gently ) what be you cry for ? edie ( shaking she head ) I think I feel mean tonight . but I be not— I be just all mix up ... . ahead of they down the block be a outdoor neighborhood party . the rhythm of a small band reach out to they . edie hang back and Terry take she hand . terry come on , I will walk you through . it 's the shortest way home . he take she hand and she walk along with he passively . the street be illuminate with color light and bright paper streamer . there be several gaily decorate counter serve drink and sandwich . there be balloon and color paper hat . neighbor be dance in the street . Children look on , a few mimick they elder for rom the sideline . above the street be a homemade banner inscribe : just married '' johnny and mary o'day ! we catch a glimpse of the happy young bridal couple , as Terry and edie reach the edge of the celebrant . her eye light up . she have pass into a dreamlike forgetfulness . terry you like music ? edie nod dreamily . —and dance ? edie nod again . terry ( pull she to he before she realize what have happen ) we be on ! at first edie dance somewhat clumsily and stiffly but gradually begin to dance with zest and surprising skill , as if a whole suppress side of she nature be suddenly be release . Terry be light on he foot and they do some intricate step together . terry hey , we be good ! ( grin at she ) the sister should see you now , huh ? she laugh , out of she youth and embarrassment and unexpected enjoyment of a steal moment . now Terry draw she to he and they dance a more conventional half - time foxtrot to the music . terry ( awkwardly ) i— I never know a girl like you , edie . I always know the kind you just grab ' they and— I never know a girl like you , edie . edie it 's fun dance with you eye close . I be float . I be float ... . they have dance off to a darker , less populate section of the street , away from the bar and the bandstand . behind they people be dance and laugh . Terry 's lip brush she cheek as they dance , and move on to she mouth . terry ( breathlessly ) edie ... . carry away , she allow he to kiss she and even respond . then Terry feel someone tapping he on the shoulder . he wheel around to see— close shot —barney—street—night barney wear a color paper hat . barney I be look for you , Terry . the boss want you . three -shot —terry , edie and barney '' STREET '' night while the music and dance continue around they . terry right now ? barney ( nod ) he just get a call from " Mr. upstair . " something 's go wrong . he 's plenty hot . terry I be gonna take she home first . barney I would get over there , Terry . I will take the little lady home . terry ( for edie 's benefit ) I will come over when I be ready . barney you know johnny when he get mad . as suddenly as barney arrive , he duck off . close —on terry and edie—street—night edie sense Terry 's distraction . edie ( puzzle ) who be that ? she be about to move away ; Terry put he hand on she arm . terry ( impulsively ) edie , listen , stay out of this mess . quit tryin ' to ask thing about joey . it be not safe for you . edie why worry about I ? you be the one who say only look out for yourself . terry ( pent up with he guilt and he frustrated feel for she ) okay , get in hot water . but do not come hollerin ' to I when you get burn . edie why should I come holler to you at all ? terry because ... because ... ( apologetically , as if this be a sign of weakness ) listen edie , do not get sore now— but I think we be get in love with each other . edie ( really fight against it ) I can not let myself fall in love with you . terry ( fervently ) that go double for I . as they stare at each other in entangle hostility and love , a man turn from the food counter behind they , just finish a hot dog and step into Terry 's path . it be Mr. glover , the Commission investigator . in the b.g. be gillette . glover Mr. malloy , I be hope I might find you here . Terry turn as if to dart off . glover put a restrain hand on he arm . glover you be be serve with a subpoena , Mr. malloy . terry what ? glover ( reach quickly into he briefcase ) be at the State House , courtroom nine , at ten o'clock tomorrow . terry I tell you I do not know nothin ' and I be not say nothin' . glover you can bring a lawyer if you wish . and you be privileged under the constitution to protect yourself against question that might implicate you in any crime . terry ( more in pain than anger now ) you know what you be askin ' ? you be askin' '' gillette ( step in from b.g. ) ( sternly ) Mr. malloy , all we be ask you to do be tell the truth . glover ( more gently ) goodnight , kid . Terry look at the subpoena in torture confusion . edie ( softly ) what be you go to do ? terry ( viciously reverting to type ) I will not eat cheese for no cop , that 's for sure . edie ( with sudden intuition ) it be johnny friendly who kill joey , be not it ? Terry look off and then look down , unable to speak . edie he have he kill or have something to do with it , do not he ? he and you brother charley ? Terry drop he eye again ; he can say nothing . you can not tell I , can you ? because you be a part of it . you be as bad as the worst of they , be not you , Terry ? be not you ? tell I the truth ! terry edie , you old man 's right , go back to that school out in daisyland . you be drive yourself nut '' you be drive I nut '' stop worry about the truth— worry about yourself . edie look out for number one . always number one . ( she voice rise in anger ) I should have know you would not tell I . pop say johnny friendly use to own you . I think he still own you . ( then gently , and hat to have to say it ) no wonder everybody call you a bum . terry ( as if strike ) do not say that , edie , do not ... edie be cry softly , without sob . edie ( with a half - sob ) it 's true . terry I be tryin ' to keep you from be hurt— what more do you want ? edie much more , Terry . much , much more ! she run off . Terry look after she , pain ; the subpoena weigh in he hand . he stare at it in agony , while the party swirl around he . then the blare of a auto horn cut through the music . voice of johnny ( o.s. ) hey , genius . Terry look up . medium long shot johnny friendly 's black cadillac park across the street . a driver , sonny , truck , Big Mac , and charley be in it . Terry hurry up to they . terry ( lamely ) i— I be just on my way up , johnny . johnny by way of Chicago ? sonny start to laugh but johnny cut he short . how many time you be knock out , Terry ? terry ( surprised ) only two time , why , johnny ? throughout the follow tirade , charley would like to intervene in Terry 's behalf , but johnny roughly nudge he into silence . johnny it must have be once too often . I think you brain come apart . what you get up there , chinese bell ? terry aw , johnny ... . johnny I think you be gonna keep a eye on that church meeting . terry nothing happen , johnny . johnny nothing happen , he say . some operator you get yourself there , charley . one more like he and we will all be wear stripe pajamas . terry ( turn to charley for help ) it be a big nothing ! the Father do all the talk . johnny oh , he do . half a hour later a certain timothy J. nolan go into secret session with the Commission and he do all the talk . terry you mean kayo nolan , the old timer ? he do not know much . johnny he do not , huh ? ( produce a bound folder of testimony from he pocket and slam it on the fender ) well , he know thirty - nine page worth of we operation . terry how would you get that . johnny ( thumbing ' upstairs ) I get it . hot off the press . charley the complete work of timothy J. nolan . terry nolan ? I know he have gut buty johnny gut ! a crummy pigeon who 's look to get he neck wrung ! ( to charley ) you should have ( to charley ) you should have know better than to trust this punch out brother of yours . he be all right hang around for laugh . but this be business . I do not like goofoff mess in we business . terry now just a minute , i— charley ( suddenly ) what the hell be you do with he sister ? ( then turn to johnny ) it 's that girl , johnny , the little doyle broad have he out on he foot . a unhealthy relationship . sonny definitely ! johnny do not see she no more . unless you be both tired of live . barney , you get she address ? ( then to other , businesslike ) now listen , if we do not muzzle nolan , we be into the biggest stink this town ever see . we get the best muscle on the waterfront . the time to use it be now— pronto— if not sooner . ( to Terry , as he climb in the car ) and you know where you be go ? back in the hold— no more cushy job in the loft . it 's down the hold with the sweat gang till you learn you lesson . johnny twist Terry 's cheek , but not in fun this time , as he have often do before . now it be hard enough to draw blood . then he turn to the driver . johnny let 's go ! the car drive off fast , almost run Terry down . he stand there look after it , alone in the street , feel he wounded cheek and then scowling as he look down at the subpoena in he hand . dissolve ext—freighter—day the ship be be unload . a empty pallet be swing from the pier and lower into the open hatch by the up - and-down - fall tackle . we camera ride the pallet down into the hatch , to the second level , where Terry be work . a little remove from he be pop , moose and nolan . they be unload irish whiskey . nolan ( lift a case onto the pallet joyously ) a ir-rish ship load to the gunnel with foine ir-rish whiskey ! he do a little jig and kiss the case as he set it on the pallet . pop and moose laugh . but Terry look over at nolan tensely . then he look up out of the hatch . ext—dock—day johnny friendly come up to the edge of the dock with sonny and truck . johnny mumble something under he hand to sonny and sonny nod and jump down onto the deck of the ship . medium close —on deck '' near hatch—day sonny motion to specs donahue , glimpse as joey 's killer at the open . specs nod and go over to the winchman guide the tackle over the hatch . he nod to he , and take he place . then he catch the eye of— medium close '' big mac stand on the deck just above the open hatch . a wordless message pass between he and specs . then he look down into the hatch . int—hatch—day Terry work grimly , glance up anxiously at nolan , pop and moose whose mood , in contrast , be a whiskey - inspire euphoria . pop you see , kayo , the good Lord watch over we after all . nolan ( in a undertone , gaily ) when we knock off let 's have a bit of a party . we will drink to God and Ireland , its whiskey and its woman , to joey and edie— and death to tyrant everywhere ... .! as he finish this he reveal surreptitiously the neck of a whiskey bottle conceal in he deep - pockete jacket . pop ( with mock concern ) you think one bottle 's enough for all they toast ? nolan ( grin ) Patrick , I lad , I be ahead of you . with a wink he reach into he other pocket and draw up the neck of another bottle . nolan I be afraid one bottle might get lonely by itself . ( reach into still another pocket and revealing still more bottle ) now you see the advantage of a little man in a big coat . pop ( laugh ) definitely ! nolan , my boy , you be a walkin ' distillery . nolan I wonder how many hail mary the Father will make I say at confession . ( reflect ) it will be worth it ! the pallet be load now . Terry turn and approach nolan . terry ( with a nervous glance upward ) listen— nolan— nolan ( back away suspiciously ) what be you down here for— to see we do not make off with any of mister friendly 's precious cargo ? terry ( miserably ) nolan ... . medium close '' big mac look down into the hatch . above he we can see specs at the winch control . big mac come on , kayo , get it up ! int—hatch—day nolan and pop look up at he and then back to they work with mischievous resentment . big mac ( continue to bellow ) and do not be walk off with any of that . you know how the boss feel about individual pilferage . int—hatch—day nolan ( pretend to clean out he ear ) talk louder . I can not hear you . big mac if you keep you ear wide open instead of you mouth— nolan ( shouting back ) if I talk too loud it 's the fault of the nun . big mac and what in blaze have the nun get to do with it ? nolan ( lower he voice and confide in the hatch gang ) when I be a mere spit of a lad on ferry Street in Dublin the nun use to say to I , " nolan , do not be swallowin ' ye word like fishballs . when you get something to say— ( now he shout up at Big Mac . ) '' talk with you mouth wide open , " so if I be loud do not blame I '' it 's the fault of the nun ! pop laugh , at Big Mac 's expense . the laughter be infectious and sweep the hatch . moose let go with he loud " haw haw . " everyone laugh except Terry , who watch in a cold sweat . big mac ( furiously , from above ) come on , knock it off ! the man laugh even louder . moose haw haw— that 's a good one , kayo . big mac ( able to shout above they laughter ) knock it off ! stand clear . ( to specs , the winchman , above the hatch ) all right , take it away . Big Mac look at specs , touch he cap in a signal gesture and nod . close —on specs at winch above hatch he catch the signal . from below the laughter of the man can be hear o.s. close —on cargo sling full of whiskey case , from angle of kayo nolan , pop , Terry , and other , watch it rise out of the hatch . the general laughter continue . Terry be stiff with fear . close shot—specs suddenly he appear to lose control of the winch , guide the up - and - down fall . close —on nolan stand in the middle of the hatch , look up , as the cargo net begin to plunge downward . the general laughter stop . from farther back in the hold Terry cry : terry ( horrify ) nolan ...! and try to pull he back out of danger . too late . the overload cargo net crash down on nolan . Wood splinters—glass shatters—and whiskey spray . kayo nolan be pin under the break pile of case . tommy ( shouting up ) get a doctor . pop ( hard , flat tone ) a doctor— he need a priest quick dissolve int—hatch—day close —on father barry he stand over the body of kayo nolan , which lie on the pallet and have be cover by a tarpaulin . group shot—hatch pop , moose , luke and the other stand near he . on the deck around the hold some seventy - five longshoremen have gather , include Big Mac . other look down from the dock and the loft . Terry be in the same position we leave he . father barry ( arouse ) I come down here to keep a promise . I give kayo my word that if he stand up to the mob I would stand up with he all the way . now kayo nolan be dead . he be one of that fellow who have the gift of get up . but this time they fix he good— unless it be a accident like Big Mac say . pop , moose , and some of the other glare at Big Mac , who chew he tobacco sullenly . some of the other snicker " accident . " father barry some people think the crucifixion only take place on Calvary . they better wise up . take joey doyle 's life to stop he from testify be a crucifixion '' drop a sling on kayo nolan because he be ready to spill he gut tomorrow— that 's a crucifixion . every time the mob put the crusher on a good man— try to stop he from do he duty as a citizen— it 's a crucifixion . close —on terry Voice of Father Barry continue . father barry and anybody who sit around and let it happen , keep silent about something he know have happen '' share the guilt of it just as much as the Roman soldier who pierce the flesh of we Lord to see if he be dead . shot of edie —on dock listen , move . Terry have come up behind she and stand nearby . she notice he but barely react . he listen intently to the Father 's word . ( note : I be not indicate in detail the other necessary reaction '' that of pop , moose , the negro luke , the watchful hostility of sonny and truck , the murderous arrogance of johnny friendly , and the sophisticated cynicism of charley malloy . but most important of all be the impression be make on Terry . ) close —on truck truck go back to you church , Father . int—hatch—day father barry ( look up at truck and point to the ship ) boy , this be my church . if you do not think Christ be here on the waterfront , you get another guess come . and who do you think he line up with— close —on sonny sonny get off the dock , Father . sonny reach for a box of rotten bananas on the dock and fling one down into the hatch . close —on father barry the banana splatter he , but he ignore it . back to sonny —on dock Terry turn to he . edie notice this and watch with approval . terry do that again and I will flatten you . sonny what be you do . join them— terry let he finish . sonny johnny be not go to like that , Terry . terry let he finish . edie look at he amaze . Terry catch she eye , and then look down , embarrassed at he good deed . they both turn to watch Father Barry . close shot—charley near johnny , watch Terry and then look at johnny apprehensively . int—hatch—day father barry every morning when the hire boss blow he whistle , Jesus stand alongside you in the shape-up . more missile fly , some hit the Father , but he continue : father barry he see why some of you get pick and some of you get pass over . he see the family man worry about get they rent and get food in the house for the wife and kid . he see they sell they soul to the mob for a day 's pay . close —on johnny friendly nodding to barney . barney pick up a empty beer can and hurl it down into the hatch . int—hatch—day it strike Father Barry and blood etch he forehead . pop jump forward and shake he fist . pop by Christ , the next bum who throw something deal with I . I do not care if he 's twice my size . some of the other longshoremen grumble approval . father barry what do Christ think of the easy - money boy who do none of the work and take all of the gravy ? what do he think of this fellow wear hundred - and-fifty - dollar suit and diamond ring '' on you union due and you kickback money ? how do he feel about bloodsucker pick up a longshoreman 's work tab and grab twenty percent interest at the end of a week ? close —on j.p. j.p. never mind about that ! close—of sonny—on dock scowl . Terry , nearby , be increasingly move by the Father 's challenge . father barry how do he , who speak up without fear against evil , feel about you silence ? sonny shut up about that ! he reach for another rotten banana and be poise to throw it . almost simultaneously , Terry throw a short hard right that flatten sonny neatly . edie be watch , a deeply feel gratitude in she eye . close —on johnny friendly and truck a little way off . truck you see that ? johnny press he lip together but make no sign . close —on terry and edie she move closer to he . he barely glance at she , then continue listen to Father Barry . int—hatch—day father barry you want to know what 's wrong with we waterfront ? it 's love of a lousy buck . it 's make love of a buck '' the cushy job— more important than the love of man . it 's forget that every fellow down here be you brother in Christ . close —on pop—moose—luke—terry and edie as Father Barry 's voice rise to a climax— father barry but remember , fellow , Christ be always with you— Christ be in the shape - up , he 's in the hatch— he 's in the union hall '' he 's kneel here beside nolanñand he 's say with all of you— close —on father barry father barry if you do it to the least of mine , you do it to I ! what they do to joey , what they do to nolan , they be do to you . and you . and you . and only you , with God 's help , have the power to knock them off for good ! ( turn to nolan 's corpse ) okay , kayo ? ( then look up and say , harshly ) amen . he make the sign of the cross . pop , moose , Tommy , luke , and the other do likewise . Big Mac and specs , see the other , reluctantly follow suit . then , disgruntled , Big Mac climb up out of the hatch and bellow : big mac all right , fellow '' break it up ! let 's go ! strongly move , the longshoremen glare at Big Mac and then silently start back to they place on the deck , in the hatches , on the dock , etc . moving shot the pallet rise out of the hatch with the body on it . pop sit casually on the edge with Father Barry who , in pantomime , be cadge a cigarette . close —on edie and terry edie cross herself . then she look at Terry . they look at each other and the feel in both of they be some terrible hunger beyond they control . for a moment it seem as if Terry must go to she , but instead he turn away , slowly , as if this be the most diffi cult thing he be ever ask to do . edie look after he and we feel that she will yield to impulse and call out to he . but she look down instead , finally , and close she eye , imperceptibly tremble against desire . luke come up to she , but she be lose in she own most private thought and do not see he . he carry joey 's jacket , the one nolan have be wear . luke edie ... . ( nudge she ) edie— edie ( startle ) oh— luke . luke ( quietly ) joey 's jacket . I think maybe kayo would like you to have it back . edie look at he , and take it silently . she hug it to she , whisper , " thank you , " and , in a kind of sleepwalk , start toward the entrance of the pier . luke watch she anxiously . luke sure you be okay ? she nod and continue on alone . quick dissolve ext—rooftop—night at the pigeon coop near Terry 's rooftop window . under the window be the mattress he use as outdoor sleep quarter on hot summer night . Terry be stare in at the pigeon , full of he own troubled , bestir thought . edie come up behind he almost silently , carry the jacket . terry ( turn ) edie ! edie ( hold the coat out to he ) i— I bring this for you , Terry . it be joey 's . ( she conscious self try to conceal 3t4 the real meaning ) your be come out at the elbow . terry ( close to her— and not really caring what he be say ) I do not rate it . edie go ahead , wear it . from the pigeon coop come the soft sound of pigeon coo as if upset . edie ( under she breath ) pigeon ... . terry there 's a hawk around . they be scared tonight . she look up and huddle a little closer to he . now he reach out for herugrop with a unfamiliar inexorable emotion . terry edie— i— i— never say this to a girl before , I never know a girl worth try to say it for , but you— you be ... . edie ( whisper and suddenly wiser than he ) I know ... I know ... . he kiss she at last , with pent - up violence and hunger . the sound of a deep - throat ship 's whistle roll across the river but they do not hear it . there be a tremendous sense of release and relief as they mouth and body press together . fade out fade in int—confession booth—day Terry wait in anguish for the shutter of the confessional to open . when it do , Father Barry be glimpse from within . terry ( blurt it out ) Father , help I , I have get blood on my hand . Father Barry look at he . terry bless I , Father , for I have to Terry 's amazement the shutter close abruptly . int—church—outside confession booth—day as Father Barry step out of the booth , Terry hurry from he side of the booth and clasp Father Barry 's arm violently . Father Barry keep on walk and Terry follow he . terry what 's the matter ? I have get something that 's chokin ' I . I have gotta get it out . father barry someone else con take you confession . terry ( follow he ) but you be the one I want to tell— what you say over nolan— about keepin ' silent when you know the score '' I be guilty '' you hear I ? I be guilty ... . father barry ( try to move on ) I do not want to hear it in there . terry I do not get it ! father barry ( rapidly ) tell it to I in there and my lip be seal . but if I dig it out myself I can use it where it will do the most good . terry but you have get to listen to I . father barry I will find you a priest . Father Barry start off again . Terry follow he desperately , under a terrible compulsion to bare himself to Father Barry . he grab the Father by the arm fiercely , half spin he around . terry ( with relief , as he get it out ) listen , it be I who set joey doyle up for the mugger . Father Barry stop and stare at he , realize Terry be ready at last . father barry come take a walk with I , kid , and give it to I straight . there 's nothing I have not hear . they turn toward the exit of the church . ext—long shot—church they enter the park , on rise overlook the dock , Terry talk to he eagerly . close shot —terry and father barry terry ( pour it out ) '' it start as a favor— for my brother— you know they would ask I thing and it 's hard to say no— a favor '' who be I kiddin' ? they call it a favor but it 's do it or else . and this time the favor turn out to be help they knock off joey . I just think they would lean on he a little but '' last night with edie I want to tell she only it— stick in my throat . I guess I be scared of drivin ' she away '' and I love she , Father . she 's the first thing I ever love . father barry ( almost brusquely ) what be you go to do ? terry about edie ? father barry edie . the Commission . you subpoena . I know you get a subpoena . terry it 's like carry a monkey around on you back . father barry ( agree ) a question of who ride who . terry if I spill , my life will not be worth a nickel . father barry how much be you soul worth if you do not ? terry but it 's my own brother they be askin ' I to finger— and johnny friendly . his mother and my mother be first cousin . when I be this high he take I to the ball game ... . father barry ( violently ) Ball game ! do not break my heart ! I would not care if he give you a life pass to the polo Grounds . so you get a brother . well , let I tell you something you get some other brother '' and they be all get the short end while you cousin johnny get mustard on he face at the polo Grounds . if I be you— ( he catch himself and drop he voice . ) '' listen , I be not ask you to do anything , Terry . it 's you own conscience that 's get to do the ask . terry conscience ... . ( shake he head ruefully ) I do not even know I have one until I meet you and edie ... this conscience stuff can drive you nut . father barry ( sharply ) good luck . terry ( wait for someone to do it for he ) be that all you have get to say to I , Father ? Father Barry look off . long shot '' pier wall—day edie come toward they in the distance . medium close —father barry and terry father barry it 's up to you . just one more thing . you better tell edie . Terry turn in edie 's direction , reluctantly . he go off toward she . Father Barry stand look after he . closer shot —edie and terry —at burned piers—day terry edie ... edie ... .. edie ( turn to he ) Terry , what 's wrong ? terry I have be sittin ' in the church . edie you ? terry ( almost inarticulate ) yeah , yeah , it 's up to I , it 's up to mak he say it 's up to I . edie who say ? terry the Father . the Father . he be tremble . edie Terry '' what 's happen to you ? terry I just tell the Father . edie told he what ? terry what I do to joey . edie ( whisper ) you ... . terry ( louder ) what I do to joey . edie do not tell mak do not tell I ! terry ( plunging in ) edie— it 's— what he start to say be drown out by a immense , prolong blast of the whistle from the depart ocean liner . Terry shout he story out to edie compulsively but we cannot hear it over the rasp sound of the whistle . edie be horrify as she catch enough word to realize what Terry be try to say . the whistle pause a moment , give we just enough to hear Terry shout— terry do not know— then the blast of the boat whistle drown he out again . when it finally stop , Terry be finish '' terry —but do not you see , edie , I never think they would '' ( then hysterically as he feel she turn away from he ) I do not know what to do , edie , I do not know what to do ! I swear to God i— she look at he , turn and stride off . terry ( call , desperately ) edie ... edie ... what will I do , edie , what will I do ? she do not look back . Terry watch she go , with mount anguish ; then he lurch on in drunken confusion . quick dissolve ext—rooftop—day as Terry , still daze , enter onto the roof , Jimmy conner , in he Golden warrior blazer , be exercise the pigeon . he see Terry and run up to he . Jimmy talk in a whisper . jimmy hey , Terry , guess who 's here ... that joker from the Commission ... . terry look for I ? jimmy he 's get he nerve , gum - shoe around here after what you tell he . terry ( grab Jimmy ) Jimmy , suppose I know something , say a mug somebody put on somebody ... . ( violent gesture illustrate what he mean ) you think I should turn he in ? jimmy a cheese -eater ! you be kid ! terry yeah , I be kid , I be kid . you do not think I should turn he in ... . jimmy ( give he a look ) you be a Golden warrior . terry yeah— we Golden Warrior . ( grab Jimmy ) you be a good kid , Jimmy , a good tough kid . we stick together , huh , kid ? jimmy you be we first Supreme Commander , Terry . keep out of sight and I will tell he you be out . terry but I be not out . I be in . I be in . who 's lie to who ? rooftop —another angle Terry walk over to where glover be sit , rub he foot . terry you look for I ? glover not exactly . just think I would sit down and rest my dog a minute . ( smile and rub he ankle ) you know the next investigation we get into I hope it 's get building with elevator in they . this one have be nothing but climb stair . and when we hit the top ßoor the folk be usually out . Jimmy gesture behind he as if to say " get a load of this square . " terry ( distractedly ) I guess it 's pretty tough work at that . glover ( casually ) well , it will be worth it if we can tell the waterfront story the way the people have a right to hear it . do not you think ? Terry shrug . glover study he . glover do not I see you fight in the Garden one night three or four year ago ? with a fellow call Wilson ? terry ( still preoccupy ) wilson— yeah— yeah '' I fight Wilson . glover I think you be go to take he that night but ... terry ( this be the key that unlock he ) you want to know something '' I would have take wilson— glover I think you could have . terry if I lick he I would have have the title shot instead of him— boy , I be ready that night . glover you sure look it . something go wrong ? Terry have be grow more and more animated but now he become sullen . terry yeah . johnny friendly and my brother have other idea . glover such as what ? terry ( suspiciously ) listen , this be not for publication . glover ( amused ) I be just rest my foot . terry remember the first round how I have he against the rope , and '' glover I will never forget it . I think it be all over . terry yeah . my own blood— and they sell I out for a lousy bet '' I have it in I to hit the top and '' ( sigh ) Boy , if I want to , the thing I could tell you about they guys— ( then catch himself and pause ) glover ( expectantly ) yeah ? Terry be silent . glover ( rise ) well , I better get go . hit that stair again . ( turn casually ) be that a looping right or a uppercut the first time you catch he ? terry ( insulted ) loop right ! I never swing wild . I be strictly a short puncher— hook '' over and under— ( pantomime , with violent short breath - release ) '' whop - whop ! glover really ? terry yeah , really ! as glover reach the door , Terry keep follow he . terry where you go ? I will walk along with you . glover ( grin warmly ) sure ... . Terry follow glover out , continue to pantomime punch . Jimmy look after they and frown . quick dissolve int—friendly bar '' night back room . it be set up as a informal kangaroo court . jocko be point at charley malloy , who be on the hot seat . johnny friendly be the judge , flanke by Big Mac , truck , sonny , barney , specs , j.p. Morgan and other . j.p. I do not hear they , boss , but I sure see they , walk along and smile like a pair of lover . charley look uncomfortable . he have not finish he drink . johnny ( watch he carefully ) drink up , charley . we be ahead of you . charley ( disturb ) I be not thirsty . johnny ( drink ) after what we be hearing about you brother , I think you throat would be kind of dry . charley so they be walk along and smile . that do not mean he 's go to talk . there 's no evidence until he give public testimony . johnny thanks for the legal advice , charley . that 's what we always keep you around for . ( smile wisely ) now how do we keep he from give this testimony ? be not that the— er— as you put it '' main order of business ? charley ( nervously ) he be always a good kid . you know that . big mac he 'sa bum . after all the day I give he in the loft— he get no gratitude . johnny ( offended ) please , Mac , I be conduct this '' ( nodd to charley ) —investigation . charley this girl and the Father get they hook in he so deep he do not know which end be up anymore . johnny I be not interested in he mental condition . all I want to know be , be he D and D or be he a canary ? charley I wish I know . johnny so do I , charley . for you sake . charley what do you want I to do , johnny ? johnny very simple . just bring he to ... that place we be use . Mac , you take care of the detail . call Gerry G. in if you think you need he . charley Gerry G !! you do not want to do that , johnny ! sure the boy 's outa line , but he 's just a confuse kid . johnny confused kid ? first he cross I in public and get away with it and then the next joker , and pretty soon I be just another fellow down here . charley ( horrify ) johnny , I can not do that . I can not do that , johnny . johnny ( coldly ) then do not . charley but my own kid bro— johnny ( cut in ) this be for you to figure out . you can have it you way or you can have it he way . ( gesture with he palm up and he palm down ) but you can not have it both way . ( turn to sonny ) be I right , sonny ? sonny definitely ! johnny ( thumbing charley to he foot ) okay , on you horse , you deep thinker . charley rise reluctantly , he confident , springy manner now go . dissolve int—taxicab—evening—( n.y.b.g. ) charley and Terry have just enter the cab . terry gee , charley , I be sure glad you stop by for I . I need to talk to you . what 's it they say about blood , it 's— ( falter ) charley ( look away coldly ) thicker than water . driver ( gravel voice , without turn around ) where to ? charley four thirty - seven River Street . terry River Street ? I think we be go to the Garden . charley I have get to cover a bet there on the way over . anyway , it give we a chance to talk . terry ( good-naturedly ) nothing ever stop you from talk , charley . charley the grapevine say you pick up a subpoena . terry ( noncommittal , sullen . ) that 's right ... . charley ( watch for he reaction ) of course , the boy know you too well to mark you down for a cheese - eater . terry mm—hmm . charley you know , the boy be get rather interested in you future . terry mm—hmmm . charley they feel you have be sort of leave out of thing , Terry . they think it 's time you have a few little thing go for you on the dock . terry a steady job and a few buck extra , that 's all I want . charley sure , that 's all right when you be a kid , but you will be push thirty pretty soon , slugger . it 's time you get some ambition . terry I always figure I would live longer without it . charley maybe . Terry look at he . charley there 's a slot for a boss loader on the new pier we be open up . terry ( interested ) boss loader ! charley ten cent a hundred pound on everything that move in and out . and you do not have to lift a finger . it will be three - four hundred a week just for opener . terry and for all that dough I do not do nothin' ? charley absolutely nothing . you do nothing and you say nothing . you understand , do not you , kid ? terry ( struggle with a unfamiliar problem of conscience and loyalty ) yeah— yeah '' I guess I do '' but there 's a lot more to this whole thing than I think , charley . charley you do not mean you be think of testify against ( turn a thumb in toward himself ) terry I do not know '' I do not know ! I tell you I be not make up my mind yet . that 's what I want to talk to you about . charley ( patiently , as to a stubborn child ) listen , Terry , this pier we handle through the local '' you know what they be worth to we ? terry I know . I know . charley well , then , you know cousin johnny be not go to jeopardize a setup like that for one rubber- lipped— terry ( simultaneous ) do not say that ! charley ( continue ) —ex - tanker who 's walk on he heel '' ? terry do not say that ! charley what the hell !!! terry I could have be better ! charley the point be '' there be not much time , kid . there be a painful pause , as they appraise each other . terry ( desperately ) I tell you , charley , I have not make up my mind ! charley make up you mind , kid , I beg you , before we get to four thirty - seven River ... . terry ( stunne ) four thirty - seven— that be not where Gerry G ...? charley nod solemnly . Terry grow more agitate . terry charley ... you would not take I to Gerry G ... .? charley continue look at he . he do not deny it . they stare at each other for a moment . then suddenly Terry start out of the cab . charley pull a pistol . Terry be motionless , now , look at charley . charley take the boss load , kid . for God 's sake . I do not want to hurt you . terry ( hushed , gently guide the gun down toward charley 's lap ) charley ... . charley ... . wow ... . charley ( genuinely ) I wish I do not have to do this , Terry . Terry eye he , beat . charley lean back and look at Terry strangely . Terry raise he hand above he head , somewhat in the manner of a prizefighter mitting the crowd . the image nick charley 's memory . terry ( a accuse sigh ) wow ... . charley ( gently ) what do you weigh this day , slugger ? terry ( shrug ) ... eight - seven , eighty -eight . what 's it to you ? charley ( nostalgically ) gee , when you tip one seventy - five you be beautiful . you should have be another billy conn . that skunk I get to manage you bring you along too fast . terry it be not he ! ( year of abuse cry out in he ) it be you , charley . you and johnny . like the night the two of youse come in the dress room and say , " kid , this be not you night— we be go for the price on Wilson . " it be not my night . I would of take Wilson apart that night ! I be ready '' remember the early round throw they combination . so what happen '' this bum Wilson he get the title shot— outdoors in the ballpark ! '' and what do I get— a couple of buck and a one - way ticket to palookaville . ( more and more arouse as he relive it ) it be you , charley . you be my brother . you should of look out for I . instead of make I take they dive for the short - end money . charley ( defensively ) I always have a bet down for you . you see some money . terry ( agonize ) see ! you do not understand ! charley I try to keep you in good with johnny . terry you do not understand ! I could have be a contender . I could have have class and be somebody . Real class . instead of a bum , let 's face it , which be what I be . it be you , charley . charley take a long , fond look at Terry . then he glance quickly out the window . medium shot —waterfront—night from charley 's angle . a gloomy light reflect the street number '' 433 '' 435 '' int—close—cab —on charley and terry '' night terry it be you , charley ... . charley ( turn back to Terry , he tone suddenly change ) okay '' I will tell he I could not bring you in . ten to one they will not believe it , buty go ahead , blow . jump out , quick , and keep go ... and God help you from here on in . longer angle—cab—night as Terry jump out . a bus be just start up a little further along the street . ext—medium long shot—river street—night running , Terry leap onto the back of the move bus . int—cab—river st.— night charley ( to driver as he watch Terry go ) now take I to the Garden . charley sink back in he seat , he hand cover he face . the driver turn around , give he a wither look , step on the gas , and gun the car into— ext—medium long shot—river street—night they have reach a garage , and now the car zoom through the entrance . we catch a glimpse of truck , sonny and Big Mac . medium close shot—ext '' johnny' limousine '' night johnny be watch from across the street . medium close —on garage door '' night Big Mac and sonny pull the big black slide door shut until the screen itself be black out . Inside there be the roaring sound of a motor racing . quick dissolve int kedie' bedroom—night edie be in bed . there be a pound on the door . edie ( frighten ) who be it ? int—hallway outside doyle door '' night Terry , in a wild state after he escape , be pound on the door . terry edie , it 's mak let I in '' it 's I ! he pound on the door even harder . close —on edie the pound continue . edie ( fiercely ) stop it ! stop it ! get away from here ! voice of terry ( muffle ) I have get to see you . get to talk to you . edie leave I alone . I want you to leave I alone ! angle on door the pound grow louder . suddenly there be the sound of the door be break open . edie draw back against the head of she bed , pull the cover around she . Terry run in wild - eye . terry I have to , edie . I have to see you . edie lucky pop be not home , he would kill you . terry you think I stink , do not you ? you think I stink for what I tell you ? edie I do not want to talk about it . I want you to go . terry ( grab she ) edie , listen to I ! I want you to believe I . I want to be with you . edie ( wrenching herself free ) how can you be with charley and johnny friendly and still be with I ? either way it 's a lie . it 's like there be two different people inside of you . you have get to be one or the other . terry ( in pain ) I do not want to hurt charley '' I do not want to hurt you ... edie it 's you who 's be hurt . by keep it inside you , like a poison . sooner or later it 's get to come out . terry I know what you want I to do ! edie I do not want you to do anything . let you conscience tell you what to do . terry ( pound he fist on the bed ) that— ( pound ! pound ! ) —word again ! why do you keep say conscience , conscience ... . edie I never mention the word before . in he agony he grip a glass stand on the night table . terry I keep hearing it and I do not know what to do .. I do not know what to do ... . without realize what he be do , he squeeze the glass in he powerful fist until it break . the glass cut he hand . he draw back in pain . terry my hand . edie it 's just a scratch . you will not die . she turn away from he . terry edie ... edie get away from I . terry edie , I need you to love I . tell I you love I . edie I do not say I do not love you . I say stay away from I . terry ( grop for she ) edie , edie , I ... his arm move around she . her reaction be convulsive . her hand move over he in anger and love . edie stay away from I ( she face close to he ) stay away from mak ( closer ) stay— they kiss , lie across the bed , and the fever seize they again . edie —away from I ! then , after some moment , they be distract by— voice from the STREET hey , Terry , come on down . I get something to show you , Terry . startle , they cling to each other . the voice call again— voice from the STREET hey , Terry , you brother 's down here . terry ( more curious ) charley ? voice charley 's waitin ' for ya . come on down and see he . edie ( whisper ) do not go . do not go . terry but charley '' maybe charley need I . I better see what he want . he go . edie ( call after he ) Terry ... she rise and call toward the door— Terry ... then she run to the window . ext—edie at window '' night edie ( call ) Terry ... . woman' voice ( o.s. ) you hear what I hear ? edie look up and to one side . close —on mrs . collin look out another window of the tenement . mrs . collin that 's the same way they call Andy out the night I lose he . close —on edie —at window horrify . look for Terry . she run from the window . close —on FIRE escape—night as edie run out onto it . she look down wildly , search for Terry . a ship 's whistle make a mournful sound . a great luxury liner be head out to the harbor . fog be drift in over the roof . she peer down but can see nothing . she hear a wild shriek from the street and run to the railing again . it be only a teenager whooping it up below . then she hear shot '' bang —bang— bang—and the sound of a police siren . she raise she hand to she head and cry . edie Terry . then she hear the follow - up of the police siren . it be only a tv set near the open window of the floor below . tv announcer and now for you weekly dramatic thrill straight from the file of the City 's finest— Police patrol ... . ( " dragnet " - type music ) edie turn away in exasperation . she call down the fire escape into the fog . edie Terry ! there be no answer . Mrs. Collins appear on the fire escape in she kimono . mrs . collin do not go down ! Mrs. Collins try to restrain she but edie wrench away '' edie Terry ! she start to run hysterically down the fire escape . extulanding under FIRE escape—night as edie be come down the outside metal step , mutt be wander along sing mournfully '' mutt tippi-tippi-tin , tippi-tin ... . a window open and a angry voice cry : loud voice Drop dead ! a old shoe be hurl at mutt , just as edie turn toward he . mutt ( to the angrywindow ) spit on I , curse I and stone I , but I suffer for you sin ... . loud voice go suffer somewhere else , you bum . the window bang shut . mutt see edie and turn he attention to she . mutt I see it . I see they put he to death ! I hear he cry out . edie ( impatiently '' almost hysterically ) who . who do you see ? mutt his executioner . they be stabbing he in he side . and he soft eye be look down at they . edie ( desperately ) tell I who . mutt ( lift he head from he hand ) we Lord Jesus . when he die to save we ... he grope toward she as if to paw she . edie ( with loathing ) oh get away— get away ! she run on . mutt go staggering off in the opposite direction , sing he song . edie run on until she see Terry in the mist . edie Terry ! she run into he arm . edie ( continue ) Terry , I be frighten . more and more frighten . terry I be look for charley . I hear charley be wait for I . ( call ) charley ? there be no answer . Terry frown . edie point through the darkness . same voice in fog wanna see charley ? he 's over here . terry ( as they hurry forward ) hey , charley ... . ext—medium close —white wall '' night the headlight of a car suddenly illuminate charley against the wall . charley be lean against the lamp post , in a very casual attitude , look as dapper as usual . Terry and edie run to he . the car drive off . terry look for I , charley ? charley seem to study they silently . Terry nudge he . terry hey charley . charley slide down the wall and crumple to the ground . Dead . edie scream . Terry drop beside the body . terry he 's dead . he 's dead . that scummy , good -for-nuthin ' butcher !. the light of a approach car catch they in its beam . Terry react quickly , cower against the wall and pull edie down behind he protectively . terry behind I . behind I . it may be they come back ! they huddle in fear as the car come closer ; then it turn and the light be no longer on they . Terry let out a soft whistle of relief as the car drive off . edie be completely panicked now . edie ( in a horrify whisper ) Terry , let 's go away . Terry take charley 's arm , which be twisted behind he , and straighten it tenderly . terry charley . edie ( hysterically ) I mean it , let 's get away from here , first joey then nolan , now charley '' and any minute ... . ( stare at he , almost say " you " ) ... I be frighten '' I be frighten . Terry seem not to hear . there be tear in he eye but fury in he voice as he mutter to himself . terry I will take it out of they skull . edie I do not want to see you kill . I want to live with you . live with you . any place it 's safe to walk the street without ... . terry ( in a terrible mutter to himself ) I will take it out of they skull . he rise , in a dangerous , animal rage . edie Terry , no , no ... . terry do not hang on to I . and do not follow I . do not follow I . ( turn ) call the Father . ask he to take care of charley for I . my brother . there 's something I get to do . he look around , take note of and stride toward— medium shot '' pawn shop '' night a little way down the block . a iron grille protect the window . Terry go up to the grille and look in . edie follow he anxiously . close shot '' pawn shop window '' through grille— night there be watch , ring , fishing rod , guitar , camera , musical instrument , suit , fur , bowler hat , and—about two foot back from the window—a .45 revolver in a holster and a belt of cartridge . terry ( mutter ) they put a hole in charley . I will put hole in they . edie see what Terry be after and try to restrain he . edie Terry , go home . there 's nothing you can do now . it 's lock up . Terry look at she unseeingly , then drive the toe of he shoe through the diamond shape open in the grille , and through the glass behind it . int '' pawn shop window '' night shoot toward Terry , the covete revolver in the f.g. Terry 's finger can not quite reach it . he have to press he shoulder painfully against the jag glass in order to inch closer to it . he contort he face in pain as the glass cut through he jacket into he flesh . blood begin to dampen he shoulder but with a final effort he get he finger around the gun . ext '' pawn shop '' night as Terry draw the gun from the window and slip it into he pocket , edie see the blood drip from the rip in he jacket . edie Terry , you be bleed . terry ( in a flat tone ) do what I tell you . take care of charley . edie Terry , for God 's sake . terry get out of my way . edie no , I can not let you . I can not , you 're— she cling to he sobbing . terry ( violently ) I do not want to hurt you , but ... out of my way ! he fling she from he and go on load the gun , as she sobbingly watch he go off . int—friendly bar '' night as Terry enter . the usual crowd be present : barney , specs , sonny , truck , j.p. , etc . there be a comedian on tv and everyone be laugh but the laughter die at the sight of Terry . he go up to the bar tensely . everyone watch in silence . there be a suggestion of man feel for they gun but nobody move . terry ( to bartender ) be johnny in ? jocko no . terry ( suspiciously ) no ? to see for himself , Terry stride through to the back room and throw open the door . the back room be empty . then he take a seat at the bar so he can watch the room and the entrance . the customer eye he carefully . terry ( to jocko ) give I a double . jocko take it easy now , Terry . terry keep the advice . give I the whiskey . jocko set the drink up . he notice the jag tear in Terry 's jacket and the spread stain of blood from the shoulder . jocko what 's wrong with you shoulder ? terry ( drain he glass ) hit I again . jocko ( in a undertone ) listen , kid , why do not you go home before johnny ... . Terry push he empty pony glass forward for another one . terry ( sharply ) no advice . just whiskey . jocko ( pour it ) easy . easy , boy . another angle—toward entrance footstep be hear outside the swinging door . Terry turn to face the entrance , he hand go to the gun in he pocket . sonny , truck , barney , and other all watch he , ready for the draw . jocko automatically cross himself and turn off the tv , which be now only a irritant . the swinging door open , but it 's not johnny . just a couple of happy waterf ront barfl ies . but the moment they enter they grin vanish as they be make to feel the tension . they look at Terry , then they look at the goons watch Terry . jocko ( to the newcomer ) what will you have ? newcomer thanks just the same . the two man bolt out the doorway . in the silence we hear the creak of the ancient swinging door . the silence be oppressive . Terry work he hand over he bleed shoulder . jocko you ought to go home and take care of that '' terry ( watch the doorway , growl ) first thing first . once more step be hear on the sidewalk outside the bar . once more everyone be on edge for the showdown between Terry and johnny . all eye be on the swinging door . medium close—swinging door '' night Father Barry enter , follow by moose , Tommy , luke . camera go with Father Barry as he walk right up to Terry . father barry I want to see you , Terry . terry you get eye . I be right in front of you . father barry now do not give I a hard time . terry what do you want from I , Father . father barry ( put out he hand ) you gun . terry mind you own business , Father . father barry this be my business . terry why do not you go and chase yourself ? father barry ( slowly ) give I that gun . terry you go to hell . father barry ( advance ) what do you say ? terry ( just a trifle disconcert ) you go to— Father Barry throw a good right hand punch that catch Terry by surprise and knock he down . Terry rise , feel he shoulder , which be ooze blood now and weaken he . he charge Father Barry like a torment animal . terry why you ... . moose and luke grab he , although Father Barry wait calmly . tommy ( to Terry ) get wise to yourself , you bum . the word hit he . Terry drop he hand slowly , weaving as if weak from loss of blood . terry ( chasten ) take you hand off I . what you call I ? father barry ( to Terry ) a bum . look what you be do . you want to be brave ? firing lead into another man 's flesh be not brave . any bum who pick up a .45 in a pawn shop can be that brave . you want to hurt johnny friendly ? you want to fix he for what he do to charley '' and a dozen man who be better than charley ? do not fight he like a hoodlum down here in the jungle . that 's just what he want . he will hit you in the head and plead self - defense . fight he tomorrow in the courtroom— with the truth as you know it '' Truth be the gun '' Drop that thing and tell the truth— a more dangerous weapon than this little '' ( reach into Terry 's pocket and remove the gun as he talk ) —cap pistol . the two man look at each other . Father Barry 's word cut he . father barry that be , if you have get the gut . if you have not , you better hang on to this . Father Barry offer the gun back to Terry contemptuously . Terry take the gun , and hold it self - consciously . father barry you want a beer ? ( to jocko ) two beer . jocko set they up and Father Barry and Terry drink they off , look at each other . the drink seem to refresh Terry . he turn around to jocko and slam the gun down on the bar . behind the bar be a large picture , in the place of honor , show johnny friendly arm -in-arm with " Mr. upstair , " beam with self - confidence . terry Father , there be one thing I would like to do . so say , he take he revolver and hurl it into the face of the picture . terry ( feel better ) tell johnny I be here . Terry look around defiantly at the tense gunmen—and start out with Father Barry and the group . medium close —jocko —behind bar watch Terry leave . breathe a sigh of relief as he pick up the gun . jocko ( inadvertently ) ... nice boy ... . then he catch the dark look of sonny , truck , barney , etc. , and busy himself at the bar . fade out fade in int—traveling shot—courtroom—day a court room door open . it be the door out of which the witness be bring to testify for hearing of the waterf ront crime Commission . a counsel be just finish question Big Mac ... we do not photograph this . we show Terry walk slowly towards he seat . edie and Father Barry be in the audience . also johnny and some of the mob . we hear the dialogue ( o.s. ) counsel ( o.s. ) you mean to sit there and tell I that you local take in sixty - five thousand , five hundred dollar every year and keep no financial record ? big mac ( o.s. ) sure we keep record ! counsel ( o.s. ) well , where be they ? big mac ( indignantly ) we be rob last night and we can not find no book . closer shot —counsel and big mac counsel do not it seem odd to you that five different waterfront local be break into last night and the only article remove be financial record ? big mac ( steadfastly ) what do you mean , odd ? we be rob like I tell you . counsel ( wave he aside ) that 's all . next witness ! Big Mac step down , mop he brow . Terry step up to the stand . they glare at each other as they pass . we CUT to edie look on anxiously from the spectator ' section , to Father Barry , pop , moose , Tommy , and luke sit together lean forward . clerk name ? terry terrence Francis malloy . clerk do you swear to tell the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth , so help you God ? there be a momentary pause . close shot '' edie , father barry sitting with pop , moose , luke , and Tommy . wait for he answer . close —on terry his hand raise for the oath . when he answer , it seem more than a mere judicial formality . terry ( firmly ) right ... I do . counsel ( rise ) Mr. malloy , be it true that on the night joey doyle be find ... close —on large tv set in a elegant study we see Terry testify on the tv screen . counsel ... dead you be the last person to see he before he be push off the roof , and that you go immediately to the friendly bar where you express you feeling about the murder to Mr. johnny friendly ? terry that 's right . during the above a butler 's hand set a highball glass down beside a rich leather chair , and a strong , manicure hand wear a expensive ring pick up the glass . voice of butler will there be anything else , sir ? voice of " mr . upstair " ( a impressive , heavy voice ) yes , sidney , if Mr. friendly call , I be out , and you do not know when I will be back . voice of butler very good , sir . the camera move in on the tv screen , the court room image spin , and when it fi nally stop , we be back to— int—medium close—courtroom—on terry '' day counsel .. thank you , Mr. malloy , you have do more than to break the case of joey doyle , you have hold up a lamp of truth in the dark cave of waterfront crime . you may step down now . as Terry step down , he be quickly surround by police bodyguard , who lead he toward the chamber behind the court-room . as he step into the aisle johnny friendly leap up from a long bench face the aisle . johnny ( struggle to get at Terry ) you be a walkin ' dead man ! you be dead on this waterfront and every other waterfront from Boston to New Orleans . you will not go anywhere , drive a truck or a cab or push a baggage rack without one of my guy have the eye on you . you just dig you own grave , dead man , go fall in it ! ( spit in Terry 's face ) Terry leap at he instinctively . the gavel sound repeatedly and there be cry of " order ! order ! " johnny wrestle with Terry , but they be roughly separate by court room guard who lead Terry off toward the door to the private chamber . edie leave she seat and try to get to Terry but be keep off by the guard . guard sorry , miss , we order be to keep everybody away . they lead Terry off , as the voice of the clerk be say '' voice ( o.s. ) next witness , Mr. Michael J. skelly , also know as johnny friendly ... . dissolve int—close—courthouse lobby and stair on heavy footsteps—day Terry 's . close on two more payr of heavy footstep Terry 's police bodyguard . medium close —terry and policemen crossing courthouse lobby—day Old man and bum be sit on the park bench . loiter outside be two of Terry 's old chum , chick and Jackie . Terry have to go right past they . terry ( uncomfortably ) hi chick— Jackie ... they look at he coldly , and turn away . Terry go on , unhappily , the police guard just behind he . terry ( half turn , irritably ) have to walk right on top of I ? first cop order , Terry . terry you be step on my heel '' you be make I nervous . second cop Terry , you be hot , you know that , you should be glad we be this close to you . terry trail I like that , you make I feel like a canary . first cop ( grin a little ) well ? terry now beat it— go ahead— beat it . second cop take it easy , Terry , take it easy . he look at he colleague and winks—they understand and fall back , allow Terry to continue on down the stair . dissolve int kterry room edie be prepare coffee on a little stove in the corner as Terry enter , drain and let down . terry edie . edie I think you might want some hot coffee . terry ( shaking he head moodily ) thanks just the same . edie well , it 's over . terry but I feel like '' my friend will not talk to I . edie ( bitingly ) be you sure they be you friend ? Terry look at she and then pace restlessly . he look out and sees— ext—rooftop—day Jimmy , on the roof . int kterry room—day terry ( call , halfheartedly ) hey , Jimmy '' how 's the kid ? Jimmy do not answer . Terry go to the window . terry hey , Jimmy ! ext—rooftop—day Jimmy conner , near the pigeon coop . he look up at Terry sullenly and do not answer . int kterry room—day Terry draw back in defeat . terry Jimmy too . jimmy voice ( o.s. ) a pigeon for a pigeon ... ! through the open window be flung the body of a dead pigeon . it fall at Terry 's foot . he look down at it . its neck have be wrung . terry ( brokenly ) swifty '' my lead bird— he look out toward he coop—then climb out the window and hurry toward it . we hold on edie who watch he , worried , and then follow he . ext—rooftop—day Terry go to he coop . on the floor be every one of he pigeon , perhaps three dozen , all with they neck wrung . Terry pick one up . its head hang limp . terry ( look off ) Jimmy ... edie he 's go to have to grow up too . terry ( from deep inside he ) my pigeon ... . edie Terry , you better stay in for a while . I will come and cook you meal . be sure you keep the door lock . terry ( not seem to hear she ) every one of them ... . edie you hear what johnny say . no part of the waterfront will be safe for you now . maybe inland— the Middle West somewhere a job on a farm ... . terry ( mutter disgustedly ) farm ... he turn and start back toward he room . she follow desperately . edie do it have to be the waterfront ! pop , he 's a old man , it 's all he know , but you— you could do lot of thing , get into something new , anything as long as it 's away from johnny friendly ! int kterry room Terry enter . edie 's voice follow he as she trail behind he . he sit on the bed and look at the cargo hook hang on a peg on the wall . edie do not that make sense ! Terry do not answer . he take the cargo hook from the wall and jab it viciously into the floor . edie I do not think you be even listen to I ! he pull the cargo hook out and jab it into the floor again . edie ... be you ? he look up at she , frown and then study the cargo hook , tapping it into he hand with pent - up feel . the feel be a strong and infectious one . edie sense it and accuse him— edie you be go down there ! he look up at she again for a moment and then work he hand over the handle of the hook . edie ( she voice rise ) just because johnny warn you not to , you be go down there , be not you ? he do not say anything but the determination in he seem to be constantly mount . edie you think you have get to prove something to they , do not you ? that you be not afraid of they and '' you will not be satisfied until you walk right into they trap , will you ? his silence madden she . she seem on the verge of strike he out of frustration and impotent rage . her voice be hysterical— edie then go ahead— go ahead ! go down to the shape - up and get yourself kill , you stupid , pighead , son of a— ( struggle to control herself ) what be you try to prove ? with a decisive gesture Terry take the hook and stick it through he belt . then he go to the wall and lift joey 's windbreaker from the nail on which it have be hang . he put the windbreaker on in a deliberate way , and grin at she as he do so ; then he walk to the door with a sense of dignity he have never have before . terry ( quietly ) you always say I be a bum . well— ( point to himself ) —not anymore . I be go down to the dock . do not worry , I be not go to shoot anybody . I be just go to get my rights . ( rub the sleeve of the jacket ) joey 's jacket . it 's time I start wear it . he go . quick dissolve ext—pier—shape-up—morning Big Mac face the semicircle of several hundred man . into this circle walk Terry . other longshoremen instinctively move away from he as he approach . close '' big mac big mac I need fifteen gang today . everybody work ! he pick man out very quickly and they move forward from the mass . medium close—terry—pier—day he have take he stand defiantly , with he hand in he pocket , look Big Mac in the eye . Big Mac pick man all around Terry . he make it obvious by reach over Terry 's shoulder to pick man behind he . finally there be only a handful leave around Terry , and then they be choose . Terry be leave stand there along . terry ( brazenly ) you be still a man short for that last hatch gang , Mac . big mac ( without look at Terry , call to sonny ) hey , sonny , go across to the bar and pick up the first man you see . now Big Mac look at Terry for the first time . big mac where be they cop of yours , stoolie ? you be gonna need them . he turn away . Terry stand there seethe . he look around at pop , and the other ready to enter the pier . they look away , still fearful of Big Mac and the power of the mob , and feel guilty for they passivity . int '' johnny friendly's office on wharf—day johnny look across at the isolate figure of Terry . sonny , truck , and specs be with johnny . on the desk be tabloid with headline read name johhny friendly as waterfront murder boss . under the banner head be a large picture of johnny . truck that be not a bad picture of you , boss . johnny glare at he and push the paper aside angrily . sonny I wish you would let we go to work on that cheese - eater . johnny ( with both hand work ) after we get off the front page . then he 's mine . I want he . ext—close—pier entrance —on terry and big mac—day sonny return with " the first man he see " '' mutt Murphy . mutt and Terry glance at each other . sonny here 's you man , Mac . mac okay . Mac nod mutt on into the pier , the one armed derelict turn back with a apologetic gesture . Terry 's fury grow . Mac growl at him— mac you want more of the same ? come back tomorrow . Terry look at he , and then across at johnny 's office on the wharf . his hand begin to tremble . he turn and start walk slowly , resolutely , down the gangplank lead to johnny 's headquarters . int '' johnny friendly's office sonny ( see Terry through window ) he 's comin ' down ! johnny he 's gotta be crazy ! truck ( glance out , growl ) yeah , here come the bum now . I will top ' im off lovely . behind johnny 's back the click of a revolver safety latch be hear . johnny whirl on he quickly johnny gimme that . truck ( offended ) how be we gonna protect ourselves ? johnny ever hear of the Sullivan Law ? carry a gun without a permit ? they will be on we for anything now . the slight infraction . give . ( turn to the other goons ) all of you ? give give give sonny , truck and the other reluctantly give up they gun . johnny turn to the safe and begin to open it . johnny we be a law -abidin ' union . understand ? ( as he put the gun in the safe and slam the safe door . ) a law -abidin ' union ! ext—union local office on wharf—day Terry walk compulsively down the ramp to the office . terry ( shout ) hey , friendly ! johnny friendly , come out here ! johnny come out of he office follow by he goons . johnny ( shout ) you want to know the trouble with you ? you think it make you a big man if you can give the answer . terry listen , johnny— johnny go on— beat it . do not push you luck . terry you want to know somethin' ? johnny I say beat it ! at the right time I will catch up with you . be thinkin ' about it . as he start to turn back into he office , Terry advance , steaming himself up . terry ( louder ) you want to know something ? take the heater away and you be nothi n'— take the good goods away , and the kickback and the shakedown cabbage away and the pistoleros— ( indicate the other ) —away and you be a great big hunk of nothing '' ( take a deep breath as if relieved ) you gut be all in you wallet and you trigger finger ! johnny ( with fury ) go on talkin' . you be talkin ' yourself right into the river . go on , go on ... . terry ( voice rise defiantly ) I be glad what I do today , see ? you give it to joey , you give it to nolan , you give it to charley who be one of you own . you think you be God almighty instead of a cheap— connive '' good - for-nothing bum ! so I be glad what I done— you hear I ? —glad what I do ! johnny ( coldly ) you ratted on we , Terry . terry ( aware of fellow longshoremen watch the duel ) from where you stand , maybe . but I be stand over here now . I be rattin ' on myself all they year and do not know it , helpin ' punk like you against people like pop and nolan a ' ... . johnny ( beckone Terry with he hand , in a passion of hate ) come on . I want you . you be mine . you be mine ! come on ! fight on union office deck useries of shot as johnny take a aggressive step forward , Terry run down the ramp and hurl himself at he . they fight furiously on the deck of the houseboat . a fight to the death . a violent brawl with no hold bar . first one , then the other have the advantage . in b.g. , longshoremen we know creep forward and watchi n amazement . longshoremen watching luke that kid fight like he useta ! other nod but show no inclination to join in and face the goons . back to fight which mount in intensity as camera follows it around the narrow deck border the union offi ce . johnny knee Terry but Terry retaliate with desperate combination that begin to beat johnny to the deck . both of they face be bloody and hideously swollen another anglexgoon at this point sonny , truck and the other goons jump in to save they leader . Terry fight they off like a mad man , under vicious attack from all angle . longshoremen watching they will kill 'im ! it 's a massacre ! etc. but they still hang back , intimidate by johnny friendly and he muscle . terry fighting his face a bloody mask , be punch and kick until he finally go down . goons be ready to finish the job when a batter johnny friendly mutter : johnny that 's enough . let ' im lay there . Terry be crumpled on the deck , senseless , in a pool of blood . reverse —on edie and father barry push they way anxiously through the crowd of longshoremen . father barry ( tight -lipped ) what happen ? what happen ? edie ( to young longshoreman ) Tommy , what happen ? pop where you goin ' ? edie ( fiercely ) let I by . back to terry blood seeping from he many wound as Father Barry and edie run in and kneel at he side . johnny friendly near by . johnny you want ' im ? ( as he go ) you can have 'im . the little rat 's yours . father barry ( to longshoreman ) get some fresh water . edie Terry ...? father barry Terry ... Terry ... . Terry groan , barely conscious . entrance to pier —on boss stevedore in feel hat and business suit , symbol of executive authority . boss stevedore who 's in charge here ? we gotta get this ship go . it 's cost we money . the longshoremen hang back , glance off toward the fall Terry . boss stevedore ( wave they towardhim ) come on ! let 's get goin ' ! the man do not move . boss stevedore I said— c'mon ! tommy how about Terry ? if he do not work , we do not work . other around he murmur agreement . johnny ( from b.g . ) work ! he can not even walk ! johnny on ramp surrounded by longshoremen ignore stevedore 's command , try to drive they on . johnny come on ! get in there ! ( grab pop and shove he forward ) come on , you ! from force of habit , pop begin to comply . then he catch himself and turn on johnny . pop ( sounding more sad than angry ) all my life you push I around . suddenly he shove johnny off the ramp into the water scummy with oil slick and riverbank debris . johnny in water cursing . pop and longshoremen cheer johnny friendly 's humiliation . johnny ( from water ) come on , get I outa here . back to stevedore boss stevedore let 's go ! time be money ! moose you hoid ' im . Terry walk in , we walk in with ' im . other face stevedore mutter agreement . terry , father barry and edie Terry 's eye flutter as they bathe he wound . edie ( to Father Barry ) they be wait for he to walk in . father barry you hear that , Terry ? ( as Terry fail to respond ) Terry , do you hear that ? ( try to penetrate Terry 's batteredmind ) you lose the battle but you have a chance to win the war . all you gotta do be walk . terry ( slowly come to ) ... walk ? father barry johnny friendly be layin ' odd that you will not get up . johnny ( in b.g. , shout ) come on , you guy ! friendly 's voice act as a prod on Terry . terry ( daze ) get I on my foot . they make a effort to pick he up . he can barely stand . he look around unseeingly . terry be I on my foot ...? edie Terry ...? father barry you be on you foot . you can finish what you start . blood ooze from he wound , Terry sway , uncomprehendingly . father barry you can ! terry ( mutter through bloody lip ) I can ? okay . okay ... edie ( scream at Father Barry ) what be you try to do ? angle—on ramp as the groggy Terry start up the ramp , edie reach out to he . Father Barry hold she back . father barry leave he alone . take you hand off him— leave he alone . stagger , move painfully forward , Terry start up the ramp . edie 's instinct be to help he but Father Barry , know the stake of this symbolic act , hold she back . Terry stumble , but steady himself and move forward as if drive on by Father Barry 's will . terry approaching pier entrance as he stagger forward as if blind , the longshoremen form a line on either side of he , awed by he courage , wait to see if he will make it . Terry keep go . reverse angle —boss stevedore—terry's Pov wait at pier entrance as Terry approach . shot out of focus as Terry would see he through bloody haze . terry as the man who have form a path for he watch intently , Terry stagger up until he be face to face with the stevedore . he gather himself as if to say , " I be ready . let 's go . " stevedore ( call officially ) all right— let 's go to work ! as Terry go past he into the pier , the man with a sense of inevitability fall in behind he . johnny friendly hurrying forward in a last desperate effort to stop the man from follow Terry in . johnny ( scream ) where you guy goin ' ? wait a minute ! as they stream past he . johnny I will be back ! I will be back ! and I will remember every last one of ya ! he point at they accusingly . but they keep follow Terry into the pier . wider angle—pier entrance as Father Barry and edie look on , stevedore blow he whistle for work to begin . longshoremen by the hundred march into the pier behind Terry like a conquer army . in the b.g. a frenzied johnny friendly be still scream , " I will be back ! I will be back ! " the threat , real as it be , be lose in the forward progress of Terry and the ragtail army of dock worker he now lead . fade out the end